Newsgroups: alt.drugs


                        Heroin purification to nearly USP
                        ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
        This is as complete and as accurate as I can remember, it has
        been something like 9 years since I have used heroin.  The
        process I used for purification was straight forward.
        Diacetylmorphine can exist in two forms, an insoluable base, or
        a soluable salt.  Often it contained a plethera of other agents
        like pieces of broken glass, pieces of foil, dirt, wood, metal,
        mannitol, lactose, maltose, sand, you get the idea.  The first
        stage of the process I used was to make sure the
        diacetylmorphine I received was totally converted to a soluable
        hydrochloride salt.  The heroin I usually received was a brown
        powdered heroin, sometimes off white, very little vinegar smell.
        Today all you can find is a black crud that reeks with a vinegar
        (acetic) odor.  The way I made sure it was a soluable salt was
        to drop enough 28% hydrochloric acid to make it wet.  This
        insured that I would not waste any of the available drug, but
        would remove most if not all of the cut. I think that it would
        be better for me to detail it in a procedural manner. FYI,
        hydrochloric acid can be purchased in gallon jugs at hardware
        stores under the name Muriatic acid, 28%.

        First weigh out one gram of heroin from the stock you received
        from your supplier.  Place this gram into a 13 x 100mm test
        tube.  Add a few drops of 28% hydrochloric acid until it is
        evenly damp.  Allow to react for a minute or two.  Next add 5 ml
        distilled water, place your thumb over the end and carefully
        shake to dissolve all that will dissolve into the water.  Allow
        the insoluables to settle.  Using a pipette, remove and transfer
        as much of the liquid to a fresh test tube leaving the solids
        behind.  Dispose of the undissolved remains in the first test
        tube.  Slowly add via pipette, one drop at at time, ammonium
        hydroxide (water clear household ammonia) until the white
        precipitate ceases production.  Add several more drops at this
        point just to be sure.  Shake gently to be sure that all the
        solution is evenly ammoniated.  The solution should look milky.
        Now add 100 ml ethyl ether (some kinds of diesel starting
        fluids, read the label) to a 150 ml beaker.  Dump the milky
        liquid into the ether and stir briskly and allow the water to
        settle and collect on the bottom. The water will turn clear.
        Using a glass pipette, remove this water from the bottom of the
        beaker and dispose of.  Now mix up a solution of 5ml 28%
        hydrochloric acid and 5ml distilled water and add this to the
        ether in the beaker.  Stir briskly keeping as much acid/water
        suspended as possible for several minutes.  Allow the water/acid
        to collect on the bottom of the beaker.  Using a glass pipette,
        remove this water layer from the bottom of the ether and
        transfer to a glass petri dish. Transfer the ether back to its
        storage bottle for reuse.  It will still contain small amounts
        of heroin base, so don't throw it out.  Recycle! Slowly add
        small portions of sodium bicarbonate (baking soda) to the
        water/acid solution in the petri until you don't notice any more
        bubbles being formed. Place the glass on a warm surface, and
        allow to evaporate.  The residue will be diacetylmorphine
        hydrochloride and salt.  Table salt is a by-product of the
        reaction and will not hurt you at all when injected.  Scrape up
        the residue and weigh it.  Yield from one gram of smack (yea, we
        called it that) would be anything from 100 to 300 mg, rarely
        more.  Place 100 mg of this powder in a test tube, add 10 cc
        sterile isotonic water for injection (available OTC at drug
        stores) and heat to boiling. Transfer this liquid while still
        hot using a syringe (available OTC at some drug stores) to a 10
        ml rubber stoppered empty sterile ampoule (available OTC at drug
        stores).  To use this drug which is 10mg/ml, extract with a
        sterile syringe as much drug as you wish to use.  10 mg would
        send me flying believe it or not. 2.5mg (1/4 cc) was usually
        enough to keep me "happy" and was my normal dose.  20mg was the
        most I could take safely in my opinion, and was a waste of drug
        and money.  Normally, for most 150-170 lb males, 2.5 mg is more
        than enough in my opinion. Using heroin in this manner avoids
        the problems associated with "street use" and will keep your
        body healthy and safe, reducing the risk of disease and
        overdosage.

        My memory is pretty good, and I think I covered all the bases
        here, but I may have made a mistake somewhere.  Overall I think
        this is an accurate method, to the best of my ability to remember.


