                   THE A.A.A. GUIDE TO KIDNAPPING

        Writen By: The Prisoner
        Edited By: Code of Honor

          THE AMERIKAN ANARCHIST ALLIANCE SHALL IN NO WAY BE HELD
          RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY ACTION RESULTING FROM THE EXISTANCE
          OF THIS TEXT FILE, WHICH HAS BEEN CONCEIVED SOLELY FOR
          ENTERTAINMENT PURPOSES. *EVIL GRIN*


        Ok, first off let me start by saying that this file is 100%
      serious.  I've actually done this, and it worked quite well.
      In this Text File, I will try to explain, as clearly as possible,
      this extremely effective way to emotionally scar bbs lamers. 
      Some things that will help you carry these actions out:

       *Alot of Friends
       *About 30 feet of rope
       *A box of Alkaseltzers
       *Some Soda Pop (something Nasty!!!)
       *At least 2 cars
       *Duct Tape
       *Rubber cement, Liquid Latex, etc..
       *Knowledge of your mark
       *An old black shirt
       *Some Scotchguard (available at local drug store, used to
         protect carpets...)
       *Alot of Balls

        Ok, now that you've gathered all of your supplies, it's time
      for the FUN!  Pick a local lamer, or even LD lamer, if you feel
      like driving.  The most preferable mark is someone who is between
      the ages of 13-16, and is pretty stupid.  Now, the first thing you
      need to to is to call the mark.  At this time, you will identify 
      yourself as a BBS user the mark admires, and would trust, that is
      under 20 yrs. old.  Invite him to spend the night at your house, 
      and tell him that you have been looking for an apprentice, and 
      you want to teach him the basics of phreaking/hacking, whatever.
      Hopefully, if you've found an idiot, like I did, he'll agree.
      Ok, if you've done all of this, and the mark is really dumb, like
      I said, arrange to A. Pick him up at his home, or
                         B. Meet him at a local shopping mall (best)

        So, if all has gone according to plan, you are now on the way
      to destroying your mark....

        Also, make sure you always do this at night time, for obvious
      reasons...  While you are on your way, have your friends in the
      other car(s) go to the pre-arranged ass beating sight, with all
      of the afformentioned materials.  When you pick up your mark
      be wearing clothing that is as ellusive as possible, and sling
      some mud on your car plates.  Once you have gotten him, and he's
      in your auto, engage in some small talk.  (but don't forget, he
      still thinks you're someone else!)  Drive him to the pre-arranged 
      sight, as if on your way home, and tell him you are going to stop
      at the golf course/barn/whatever to take a piss, or you are going
      to phreak from there, If you've gotten him this far, he'll believe
      most anything.  Now, while you've been away, your friends have been
      preparing everything.  The only major thing that needs to be done
      is for your friends to spray the black shirt full of scotchguard, 
      (it gets you TOTALLY fucked up!) and be hiding...

        So here you are, with your mark all primed for punishment...
      lead him back wherever, and have someone throw the scotchguard
      shirt over his head, and another person duct taping in onto him.
      the scotchguard shouldn't be strong enough to fuck him up, it'll
      just disorient him a little...  Now that you've got the fuck up
      where you want him just do whatever.. Also, to defray any suspicion
      from yourselves, have the guy who picked him up screaming in pain,
      and saying something like:  "get offa me you fuckin' niggers!!!"
      and all of you talk like black guys... hehehe..  

        Next, just do whatever you feel like doing, beat his ass.
      Try this:  Put alkaseltzers in his mouth, throw in some sodapop
      and duct tape it shut!!!  hahaha...  Also, another way to REALLY
      emotionally scar the dork is to tie a rope around his neck, make
      him stand on the back of a car for about 45 minutes, and just keep
      telling him you're going to hang him.  (have the other end of the 
      rope thrown over a tree limb, or something....) then, after about
      an hour of sheer psychological agony, everybody bumrush him, and
      for a split second, he'll think he's going to die, but he'll really
      just fall on his fat ugly ass!  <==--  Garaunteed to make them
      piss on themselves...  

        Now, for the finishing touches.  If the mark is clean enough
      throw him in the back of your car, handcuffed, and say that the
      other guy (who picked him up) is going to die, but he didn't do 
      "Nuthin' ta little G", So you're just going to throw him in a
      cow field about 2 hrs out of the city.  Just drive around for a
      while, and then dump him in his own front yard, he'll think he's
      in butt fucking Egypt, and will fucking look stupid in front of
      the whole neighborhood!

        Well, that wraps it up for the Tripple A Anarchy file, look for
       more in the future, and if you're interested in joining, and have
       SPECIFIC hack/phreak/carding/anarchy talents.

Call Our Head Quarters: Realm Of Chaos     [516.466.8259]

AAA - [A]merikan [A]nachist [A]lliance

Presidents: The Prisoner & Code Of Honor
Members:

1. Holy Sinner - Crazy lunitic!!
2. Altered Sector - Ansi Maker
3. Killjoy - Programer
   

We're looking for some good Anarchist With Experience and Good Hackers and Fone Phreaks, And some dudes that can card!! [And some more programerz]
And some Distribution Sites!


