                  
                             DRAGON'S TOUCH                              
                           weaknesses of the                              
                             human anatomy                               

                                Part I   
                      Strikes to the Head and Neck

This volume (and the ones to follow) concentrates on the 43 major pressure
points of the body. Of course, there are quite a few more, but these are the
basics. All of the points are classified into 2 catagories :

                Numerical                      Alphabetical

I  -brain/skull                         A-immobility from pain
II -sense organs                        B-immobility from structural or
III-life support, cardiorespiratory,      organic damage
    major organs & tracts               C-Unconsciousness from nerve or organic
IV -muscular functions & nerves           damage
V  -mechanical functions, skeletal,     D-death from physiological damage
    cartilages & joints

The ventral transverse plane consists of the face, the front, top, & sides of
the head, the neck, & the upper torso, including the collarbone. There are 15
pressure points in this area as follows:

1.  coronal suture  I-C
2.  trigeminal nerve & frontal bone  I-D
3.  temple & fossa temporalis  I-D
4.  eyes  II-B
5.  ears  II-B
6.  mastoid  II-A
7.  septal cartilage II-A or II-D
8.  anterior nasal spine  I-A
9.  temporomandibular joint  V-A
10. tip of mandible  I-C
11. sternocleidomastoid region  III-D
12. anterior neck region  III-D
13. brachial plexus & trapezius muscle  IV-C
14. suprasternal notch  III-D
15. clavicle  V-B

1:  This region lays on top of the head, more towards the forehead. It is also
    known as the soft spot on babies. It is the space between the skull bones
    that is covered with a membrane that close up usually by 18 months, but the
    coronal structure is still weaker than the rest of the skull. Directly
    beneath this is the sensory portion of the brain & under that the optic
    cavity. A downward strike of about 45 degrees depending on the force could
    cause concussion, temporary blindness, unconsciousness, brain hemorrhage,
    even death (very powerful blow).

2:  This region is located just below the centermost point of the forehead The
    nerve is on the outside of the skull thus when the bone is struck it will
    trap the nerve. This could result in jarring the cerebral hemispheres,
    concussion, unconsciousness, impaired vision, & paralysis. If and only if
    maximum impact is applied, death could result from brain hemorrhage.

3:  I'm sure we all know where the temple is but for those of you that don't
    know it is located on a horizontal plane across from the top of the ear. It
    is the recessed part on each side of the head. It is actually the bone tip
    of the sphenoid. The trigeminal nerve runs through the the temple. This
    nerve controls several facial functions. Also passing through is the middle
    meningeal artery which is the largest branch suppling dura matter. A direct
    hit could break the tip off the sphenoid causing it to enter the brain. The
    meningeal could burst. Contact to the trigeminal could result in loss of
    control of facial functions. Compression of the brain, hemorrhage,
    concussion, shock, & death are likely results of striking the temple with a
    horizontal blow directed towards the opposite temple.

4:  The eyes are located...uh I think you know. The eyes are very sensitive
    even to the slightest touch. They are held in by fascia bulbi (a soft
    membrane) and eye muscles. This makes them easy to pop out. They are also
    very soft, and if a blow reached the vitreous body (center of eye) the
    eyeball would collapse. Other than causing temporary or permanent loss of
    sight a deep thrust could puncture the brain causing death.

5:  These are located on each side of the head. Air is easily trapped in the
    external acoustic meatus (the tunnel from the outer ear to the inner ear)
    and forced into the eardrum causing it to bust. This in turn ruptures the
    hammer or malleus within the middle ear. Damages would cause severe pain,
    loss of hearing, bleeding from the mouth and ear, and bleeding into the
    throat via the internal auditory tube. Also, the inner ear is the center of
    equilibrium (balance) for the cerebellum. a forceful strike could leave the
    victim sprawled on the ground with no balance! The blow should be delivered
    horizontally driving into the ear.

6:  The mastoid is located directly behind the earlobe. It is the recessed area
    where the skull meets the neck. It is filled with air pockets which are
    used to communicate with the middle ear. A thrust should not be used;
    rather apply pressure with a nuckle or thumbnail in an upward direction.
    Prolonged pressure could cause damage to the auditory system.

7:  Known more commonly as the nose the septal cartilage is the had substance
    that makes up the nose. Two strikes are used here for different measures
  
  II-A : a horizontal strike causing breakage of the septal cartilage
         and nasal bone which ruptures the angular vein producing a lot
         of blood along with great pain, however, not enough to stop 
         some attackers
  II-D : an upward 45 degree strike forcing the septal cartilage through
         the internal nasal cavity and crista galli (a small bone formation
         between the nasal cavity & the brain) into the brain. Death
         would be instantaneous because of compression of the brain.

8:  This is located beneath the nose and above the lips. It is the area between
    the 2 lines running from the nose to upper lip. Many of the facial nerves
    run through this area. A direct hit would cause the sensory fibers to relay
    the shock to the pons, causing dizziness. A hit would also cause damage to
    the maxilla bone which holds the gums & teeth. This could cause extensive
    bleeding posibly scaring the victim about the blood loss. A straight blow
    in needed to achieve this aiming towards the back of the head.

9:  This is the joint that holds the jaw bone in place. It connects with the
    skull in front of the ear. The joint is really made up of 2 separate
    joints, thus dislocation can be unilateral or bilateral. With a 45 degree
    downward strike (preferably with the mouth open) will dislocate the
    mandible (jaw bone). An easier way to break the bone is to strike the joint
    itself or anywhere on the jaw bone really while the head is turned to one
    side or the other. This reduces the absorbtion of the blow by the neck.
    This method requires the least amount of force.

10: The madible is the jaw bone and of course the tip is located on the very
    end of the chin. Boxers use this point for a quick K.O. Hitting this area
    sends a shock snesor to the cerebellum causing unconsciousness. Hit this
    point with an upward blow.

11: This is the area at the frontal sides of the neck. The sternocleidomastoid
    muscles run from behind the ear down to the clavicle bones. Beneath these
    muscles lie the jugular vein and cartoid artery which supply blood to the
    heart & brain. This are is very sensitive. Try poking yourself there. A
    medium strike results in dizziness. A more forceful blow could blister,
    swell, collapse, or burst 1 or both of the blood lines. This could easily
    cause death because of lack of oxygen to the heart or brain. A strike
    should be done on an upsloping plane at 45 degrees on either side of the
    chin in the neck area.

12: Referred to as the windpipe or throat; is located in the center portion of
    the neck. This is a tubular passage running from the mouth to the stomach &
    lungs. When a straight on blow is delivered the thyroid cartilage (Adam's
    apple(the lump in your throat)) and the hyaline cartilage (hold the
    windpipe in a cylinder shape) are pushed through the larynx and/or trachea
    resulting in blood drowning or partial or complete obstruction of the vital
    air passages. The cartilages act as cutting devices.

13: The muscle is the one that runs from the base of the neck to the shoulder.
    It raises up on most people. The brachial plexus is a nerve center which
    supplies info about the shoulder & arm down to the wrist. It runs through
    the trapezius. Striking the trapezius  (from either front or back) with a
    downward 45 degree motion could paralyze the arm & shoulder temporarily.
    With a maximun blow unconsciousness & paralysis could be attained.

14: This lies between the collarbones; it connects them. A blow here could
    dislodge the collarbones from the sternum, collapsing the shoulders. But
    there are better targets behind the sternum. Such as the aorta, the
    superior vena cava (major blood lines to the brain), and the trachea all
    these pass directly behind the sternum. A forceful blow would follow these
    reactions : dislodge both clavicles from the sternum, the sternum would
    split, the 2 clavicles & sternum would be forced against or puncture the
    aorta and vena cava, the cartilages & bones would then be forced against or
    puncture the trachea. The strike should be delivered at a downward 45
    degree angle. The suprasternal notch is a MAJOR death target.

15: This is the bone on each side of the body that runs from the shoulder to
    the center of the chest. It supports the shoulder so breaking a clavicle
    (collarbone) would result in the collapse of the shoulder. It is possible
    for the broken bone to puncture a lung or possibly the heart or one of the
    things mentioned in #14. A simple break would immobilize the victim due to
    structural damage & pain. An inward & down motion should be used when
    attacking also at 45 degrees.


That concludes Part I. I hope you have learned from this lesson in human
anatomy. Please use this information wisely for I take no responsibilities in
the misuse of these facts. This was intended for informational purposes only.
That mean I don't really expect you to go out and beat the hell out of someone
(unless they need it!).



Today's valuable lesson is on the vulnerable spots of the human body. Typically
the human body is divided into three killing regions. The head and neck, the
trunk, and the limbs. Below is a listing of the most vulnerable parts in each
region.

Head and Neck           Trunk                 Limbs
-------------           -----                 -----
a. eyes                 a. groin              a. instep of foot
b. nose                 b. solar plexus       b. ankle
c. adam's apple         c. spine              c. knee
d. temple               d. kidney             d. shoulder
e. side of neck         e. collar bone        e. elbow
f. nape                 f. floating ribs      f. wrist
g. upper lip            g. stomach            g. fingers
h. ears                 h. armpit
i. base of throat
j. chin


All the spots above are extremely sensitive to killing blows. A word of caution
these spots should only be attacked if you are intent on doing serious bodily
damage. Hell! if your reading this then you want to fuck someone over anyway.
Also, when practicing blows to these areas with a training partner be sure to
strike lightly until you master the maneuvers.

In future articles we will discuss in detail the exact methods of striking the
vulnerable areas. Look for our next file on Head and Neck Killing Techniques.

Special thanks to Poor Mans James Bond for providing us with countless hours
of amusement.


