
                      ษอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
                      บ Why I Hate Feds, Cops, Etc. บ
                      บ  Written by Pazuzu for DnA  บ
                      บ        May 13, 1993         บ
                      ศอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ


Almost everyone out there in the Scene says "I hate the feds!", but when 
asked why, most will reply "Well, because they hate us..." or "Because 
EVERYONE hates the feds". In this article, I will shed much light on WHY 
EVERYONE, not just hackers, should HATE and seek to DESTROY feds. 

Now, the word "fed" as I'm using is an abstract term I'm using to refer to: 
FBI Agents, the SS, Police, telephone company security forces, software 
company piracy investigators, and of course the SPA. "FED" just seemed 
easier. 

The Constitution of this country is supposed to protect all of us from abuse 
by law enforcement agencies. This assumes that the law enforcement agency in 
question is bound by said Constitution though. Officially, the FBI & the SS 
are bound by the Constitution but in practice they (ESPECIALLY the SS) 
operate above and outside of the law. There are many examples of this in 
action. The most common I've seen is the hacker that gets busted, his 
computer confiscated, then no charges are ever filed (i.e., they found 
NOTHING on his coomputer), but his computer is never given back. They're 
supposed to give back everything they took if they can't prove you comitted 
any crime. This applies to EVERYONE - i.e., if the DEA thinks you're a drug 
dealer, and they grab your car to search it for drugs, then they find 
nothing, but auction off your car anyway - THEY ARE IN VIOLATION OF THE 
LAW!!! However, there's no one watching over them to stop this kind of abuse.

There's also the question of fairness. The feds ALWAYS go tooooooooo far. 
Case in point: Rusty & Edie's BBS. While I've never been a fan of that 
pervert haven, I definitely sympathize with them. They had well over 64 
lines, 19 gigabytes of disk, most of their modems were 14.4 duals, etc, etc. 
They had $750,000 invested in their system. Yes, that's SEVEN HUNDRED AND 
FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLARS! THREE QUARTERS OF A MILLION BUCKS!!! Someone found 
some pirated software uploaded, called da cops, and BINGO, 750k down the 
tubes. Now, those poor fools WORK all day long, and if some idiot user 
uploads a copy of Windows (for example), they're not going to know about it 
to do anything about at least until they get home from work. There's also the 
legend that Rusty & Edie's was a pirate haven, but I dispute the truth in 
that. Rusty was on my BBS at one time, and he had full h/p/etc access. HE 
KNEW I WASN'T A COP, yet I never had access to any pirate stuff on the board. 
And then the fairness issue... Let's say some guy uploaded Borland C++, 
that's an $850 ware. Rusty comes home from work, notices it, and deletes it. 
Let's say 3 people had leeched it since it was uploaded. That's 850*3=2550. 
Big deal. Maybe take one of their 2 gig drives, and that's it. I don't see 
where they get off taking $750,000 worth of stuff for the insignifcant amount 
of money lost. And this Borland C++ example is an extreme one - I'm sure the 
ware they found of R&E's was worth much less than Borland C++. Make the 
punishment fit the crime guys. I've heard that Rusty and Edie recovered all 
their stuff and are back on line, but I'm sure it cost them plenty to pull it 
off, not to mention the lost time at work, stress, etc, etc. It was just a 
very unfair bust.

Then there's the issue of the abuses by private companies, especially former 
Bell System entities. They're not governmental agencies, they're not watched 
over by anyone, and can basically do whatever the fuck they please. One 
especially horrible company is a small Southern California long distance 
provider by the name of ThriftyTel. Their policy when they suspect fraud is 
to call the alleged hacker up on the phone and hurl all kinds of threats and
legal mumbo-jumbo at him...


TheftyTel Slime: "Hello, Mr. Hacker. This is Rebecca Bitchley at ThriftyTel. 
We know you're stealing our service, and we're going to take you down. We'll
be right over to arrest your ass and throw you in the slammer. I don't have 
to tell you what they DO to little computer nerds like you in jail."

Poor Hacker: "Huh? Who is this?"

TheftyTel Slime: "Don't play dumb with me, little boy. This is ThriftyTel, 
the long distance company you've been ripping off. You're in big trouble, 
mister. However, if you agree to give us all your computer stuff, and $10,000 
is cash, we'll drop the charges. You also have to agree to NEVER touch a 
computer again."

Poor Hacker: "I have no idea what you're talking about, ma'am."

TheftyTel Slime: "STOP TRYING TO PLAY DUMB! WE KNOW YOU'RE HACKER SCUM! GIVE 
IT UP! Section 4378478-4844848-4848489/78278.2233 subsection 
4879498489/48499848.444 paragraph 984980238323/3244432432.34378 subparagraph 
873287128739/7832187912.23323 of the California Penal Code states clearly 
that it is illegal to post the word "Phreak" on any Computer Bulletin Board 
System. We SAW you post that word, therefore you must be stealing our 
service. You're busted... Do you agree to my terms or not?"

Poor Hacker: "What terms?"

TheftyTel Slime: "1. You give us ANY and ALL computers and computer-related 
items you own.  2. You give us the sum of $10,000 in cash.  3. You agree to 
never touch a computer again. "

Poor Hacker: "Ok, ok... Pleeeeeaaasseee don't put me in jail. I don't want to 
be ass fucked."


Now remember that TheftyTel is a private company, not a law enforcement 
agency... They have NO arrest or any other legal authority. All they are 
trying to do is get what they want simply by threatening you and hoping 
you'll be so scared, you'll do whatever they want. This is how you should 
really handle this:



TheftyTel Slime: "Hello, Mr. Hacker. This is Rebecca Bitchley at ThriftyTel. 
We know you're stealing our service, and we're going to take you down. We'll
be right over to arrest your ass and throw you in the slammer. I don't have 
to tell you what they DO to little computer nerds like you in jail."

Wise Hacker: "What service was stolen? When? Who was called? From what 
number?"

TheftyTel Slime: "You don't need that information. We know you're guilty, and 
so do you. Now just admit it and take your punishment. Because we're such a 
nice company, we're letting you off easy. If you just give us all your 
computer stuff and $10,000, we'll drop charges."

Wise Hacker: "Listen, snatch, I want to know WHEN this alleged service was 
allegedly stolen, WHAT number was called, and WHERE the calls were placed 
FROM. Until then, you haven't got a fucking case. Now kindly go to hell."

TheftyTel Slime: "You've not heard the last of us!"

Wise Hacker: "Fuck you." <click...daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa>


Of course, for the small amount of money involved, the chances of them 
getting a search warrant from the pigs is basically nil, and you've heard the 
last of them. That's what I did when US Sprint called me three years ago, and 
I haven't heard from them since.

If they DO, by some act of God, get a search warrant, the unprepared hacker 
is basically FUCKED. However, with some careful preparation, you can even 
defeat this attack on your Constitutional Rights. First off, NEVER, EVER keep 
backups or hardcopies of your hack/phreak shit at your house. Keep them at 
the house of a non-hacking friend, at your place of employment, or on the 
hard drive of some system you've hacked out. Second, Radio Shack sells a 
device that can save your ass should they come a-knockin' on your door. It's 
called a Bulk Tape Eraser. What it is is a strong electromagnet. It's used 
for erasing audio and video cassettes. They sell two models: One for like $15 
and one for around $30 - you should get the $30 one. This is a very strong 
magnet and will easily wipe out any data on your hard disk. It doesn't put 
out any magnetism until you nail the trigger, so you just keep it plugged in, 
near your computer, and when the fascist piggies come a-knockin, you zap 
zap zap your hard disk clean, and answer the door a-smilin.

Fear no one! It is a proven fact that when someone is threatening you with 
arrest and incarceration, they haven't got a case, else why wouldn't they 
just arrest you without wasting their time?

I hope this sheds a little light on just how bad things are here. If you are 
in Canada, I dunno if the situation up there is any better, but it sure as 
hell can't be any worse.

Just remember - The Government, no matter what is claimed, is never on your 
side - it is always on its own side. Beware. And private corporations are 
even worse.