
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
::                                                                          ::
::         Techniques of Harassment: How the Underdog Gets Justice          ::
::                                                                          ::
::                plagiarized from a book by Victor Santoro                 ::
::                                                                          ::
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

Introduction:

All of us have, at one time or another, wanted to "get" someone.  For
various motives, such as jealousy, revenge, the desire to right some
injustice, we wish to see someone harmed or at least to be made to feel
extremely uncomfortable.  If we act impulsively, in a fit of anger, we may
wind up in jail facing a charge of assault or even murder.  Few situations
justify killing someone.  Fortunately most of us do not lose our tempers
easily.  It's a lot safer that way.  Often, too, the situation doesn't
look the same to us the next morning, after we've cooled off and had a
chance to think calmly and rationally about it.  We're more inclined to
"forgive and forget".  But what if we can't "forgive and forget"?  What
then?  First, remember that while generally it is a good thing to keep
your temper you are under no moral obligation to swallow anything and
everything that someone tries to shove at you.  You don't have to turn the
other cheek while someone keeps on slapping you.  In many cases the law
will protect you.  There are libel laws, cease and desist orders, small
claims courts, etc.  Sometimes these will work for you.  Sometimes they
won't.  When they don't you are on your own.  Two examples will adequately
illustrate the type of situation which forms the basis for discussion: You
are new on the job.  Your boss accuses you of theft.  You are innocent.
You can prove it and you do.  Your boss is not man enough to admit he was
wrong and to apologize to you.  He fires you instead.  There is no union
to stick up for you.  A lawyer would be expensive and you're not sure what
he could do for you.  Besides you are fed up and no longer want the job.
You've just rented an apartment.  You've paid a month's rent in advance
and a month's security deposit.  When you go to move in you see that the
apartment has been left in such a filthy conditionn that you can't live
there.  The landlord refuses to clean it up and he won't give you your
money back, even though you did not move in.  You go to small claims court
and get a summons for him.  You take some time off without pay from your
job but the landlord does not appear for the hearing.  A new date is set
but he still doesn't show and you've lost moe time from your job.  Under
pressure from the court he does appear at the third hearing but you only
get your security deposit back, not the month's rent.  You're also out the
pay you lost durng your time in court.  Both of these cases are real cases
that happened to real people.  If something such as this had happened to
you you'd be justifiably angry.  You would have been badly treated by
someone who knew fully what he was doing.  In both cases the law was not
much help.  You'd want some sort of satisfaction.  You would not, if you
were wise, do anything extreme and illegal that could get you into worse
trouble but you'd want to cause someone as much trouble as he'd caused
you.  What could you do?  The answer is harassment.  Not anything so crude
as threatening phone calls or slashing his tires.  Nothing that will cause
you as much trouble as it causes it him.  Instead, a carefully planned and
systematic program of harassment which will disrupt his life while
exposing you to no risks.  Most of the techniques outlined here have been
used successfully.  A few have not been tried but are a logical outgrowth
of ones that have been.  Most are not illegal.  The ones that are, like
most of the techniques in here, expose you to no risk at all.  Harassment
is a subject that has recieved little study.  Most people are inclined to
take direct and violent action or to do nothing at all.  Harassment is the
middle road, for situations that are not all that serious and yet leave
you with the feeling that you must do something.  One recent use of
harassment that made the front page is that employed by some members of
the Committee to Re-elect the President during what has come to be known
as the Watergate affair.  These agents of CREEP traveled around the
country stalking Democratic candidates.  They phoned in to cances their
hotel reservations, ordered pizzas to be delivered to them, made up
offensive bumper stickers to ambarass the Democrats at their rallies, etc.
They were effective far out of proportion to their number.


+++ Selecting Your Target: Chapter 1.

Whom do you hit?  This is a very important question.  You can't go around
indiscriminately harassing anyone who rubs you the wrong way.  You'd spend
your entire life settling grudges and this is a pretty negative way to
live.  There are two questions you should ask yourself before starting on
any program of harassment:

Would most of your friends feel that you had a justifiable complaint?
Is it worth the effort?

If the answer to both of these questions is yes, then you probably have
good reason to begin.  If, however, the answer to the first one is no,
then you should think very carefully about the whole thing.  There are two
sides to every story and what might seem like a great injustice to you
might seem to be an unfortunate misunderstanding to a third person.
Assuming you have decided to hit someone the next question is when.  The
timing can be very important.  As a general rule, it is a good idea to let
enough time go by so that he forgets about you, or forgets that you are
mad at him.  Don't be impatient.  Remember; revenge is the only dish that
tastes best when eaten cold.  Here are a few examples to help you judge
the timing.  If your complaining is against a landlord, you can probably
act within a few weeks or months.  He probably has other unhappy tenants
and he knows it.  If you have been fired from a job, don't act right away.
It might be wise to wait a year or two.  A boss always thinks first of
disgruntled employees or ex-employees.  If your target is unaware that you
have any conflict with him, you can act immediately.  One such target
would be the company spy who befriends his fellow workers and then tells
the boss whatever derogatory information he has been able to discover
about them.  In that case it is important not to confront him.  Even if
what he has told the boss threatens your job don't let him know that you
know.  Keep up a friendly front to him and in fact exploit him to find out
informationwhich you can use in your planning.  A good general rule to
follow is to give your target time enough to antagonize several other
people before you act.  This will increase the number of suspects when
things start happening to him.  If he is as unpleasant a person as you
think he is you can be sure that many other people will share your
feelings about him.


+++ The Basic Strategies: Chapter 2.

The fundamental idea is to cause as much harassment and discomfort to your
target as possible without being discovered.  You can see, from studying
the techniques, that if your target finds out who is harassing him he can
do the same things to you.  If that happens the best defense for you is to
leave town.  There is also the possibility of a civil suit.  There are
several basic strategic principles to follow for best results:

PREPARE YOUR PLAN AS CAREFULLY AND COMPLETELY AS POSSIBLE BEFORE YOU MAKE
YOUR MOVE.

Put it in writing in the form of a chart.  Get a large piece of paper and
lay out your planned moves in chronological order, by date.  By using this
basic framework to coordinate the various parts of your plan you will
avoid your plans conflicting with each other.

GET ALL THE NECESSARY INFORMATION ON YOUR TARGET BEFORE YOU MAKE YOUR
FIRST MOVE.

You will need to know many things about your target as you develop your
plan, such as his home and business addresses, phone numbers, daily
schedule, the make, color, and license number of his car, etc.

AVOID ALL PERSONAL CONTACT WITH HIM WHILE CARRYING OUT YOUR PLAN.

Don't come near his home or job.  Don't call him at home.  He might
recognize your face or your voice and start putting two and two together.
If you must call his home to see if he answers, do it from a public phone.
If you must approach his address to find out whether he lives in a house
or apartment, do it well before you start your plan moving.

USE THE MULTIPLIER EFFECT AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE.

This means, in plain language, let others do the work for you.  That way,
you can set in motion a much greater effect on his life than if you did it
all by yourself.  For example, don't annoy him by constantly phoning him
at all hours.  You'll only tie up your time for those hours.  A classified
ad in a newspaper will couse other people to phone him.  As yoou will see
from the following chapters, there are many ways in which one phone call
from you can tie up his time for many hours and cause him a degree of
harassment entirely out of proportion to your effort.


+++ The Need for Accurate Information: Chapter 3.

This deserves a chapter all to itself.  When planning your offensive you
will see that you need certain information about your target in order to
carry out each phase of your plan.  You should get all the information you
can on your target before you make your first move.  Since obtaining some
of the information may expose you to some personal contact, it is
essential that you do this when nothing has yet happened to make him
suspicious.  The basic data you need are: name, home and business
addresses, home and business phones, type of car he drives, and its color
and license number.  Often you can find out what you need to know about
his car just by driving by his house.  Almost as important are the answers
to these questions:

Does he own his own home or live in an apartment?
Is he self-employed or does he work for someone else?
What kind of work does he do?
What is his position in the company?
What hours does he work?
Does he spend most of his off-duty time at home?
Is he married?  Children?
Does he travel much?
Does he make out of town business trips?  When?
By car?  Plane?
What airline?  When?  How often?
If you know this you can have fun with his reservations.
In what hotels does he stay?
You can send him telegrams there.
What are his hobbies?
When does he go on vacation?
Does he own a boat?
Where does he keep it?

Every bit of information you can get about him opens him up to further
harassment if you have the basic know-how and the imagination to make use
of it.


+++ Let Your Fingers Do the Walking: Chapter 4.

The yellow pages of your telephone directory will be your basic source of
goods and services by phone.  You can impersonate your target over the
phone and have a surprising variety and quantity of things delivered to
his house or place of business.  The basic technique is to pick up the
yellow pages, start at "A" and work your way through to "Z".  One caution
is necessary, however.  Do not send the police or fire department to his
house.  This is strictly illegal and it could get an innocent person
killed.  Too, most police and fire departments tape their calls and you
don't want your voice on tape.  Some examples from the phone book are:
Phone a liquor store late at night, shortly before it closes.  Tell them
you are Mr. ----- and that you're having a party.  A radio turned up
loudly in the room will make this more credible.  Tell the clerk you're
running out of booze and order a couple of casis.  If the clerk shows any
reluctance at all or seems hesitant, offer him a ten dollar tip if he can
deliver within fifteen minutes to a half hour.  If your target goes to bed
early this will be doubly effective in disturbing him.  Look for a florist
who makes telephone orders and charges them to your telephone bill.  Tell
him you are Mr. ----- and order a bouquet (an expensive one, of course) to
be delivered to his wife while he is away at work.  In order to ensure
that the wife will accept it, order it to be inscribed on the card; "To my
loving wife on a very special occasion."  This will overcome awkward
details such as not knowing his wife's name or birthday.  Have it charged
to his phone bill, of course.  If you know where he parks his car, phone
an auto repair service and have it towed away.  Phone contractors,
swimming pool companies, exterminators, etc. can stop by and give him
estimates.  You can see why it is important to know when he'll be home.
This is easier than it seems.  There is no problem to impersonating your
target over the phone when ordering goods and services in his name.  The
people you will call probably do not know your target and in any event,
one voice on the phone sounds pretty much like any other.


+++ Special Telephone Techniques: Chapter 5.

If you normally work nights and get off late, or if you're on your way
home from a party late at night you can disturb his sleep by dialing his
number from a phone booth and hanging up as soon as he answers.  Do not
ever call him from your home, as it is possible nowadays to trace a call
in seconds.  Do not ever say anything when calling him -- you don't want
to risk him taping your voice.  He might have a tape recorder hooked up
after a few days of this treatment.  When calling for salesmen to come out
and give demonstrations or estimates, try to get them to come at unusual
hours.  Tell them that you work evenings and you would appreciate it if
they could come after ten p.m.  You can do the reverse of this too.  If
you know that your target sleeps normally until eight or nine in the
morning you can request that the representative come at seven.  If he
wants to phone before coming that's fine too.  If you don't know what car
your target drives call his home when he is away and tell his wife or
other relative that you represent a consumer research organization and
that you are conducting a survey on car owner satisfaction and frequency
of repairs.  Ask for the car make, year, color, and license plate number.
Ask appropriate questions about the car's repair history in order to avoid
suspicion.  Do this several weeks before starting your program so that no
suspicion will be attached to your call and there will be no risk
attached.  With luck, the incident will be forgotten by the time the
action starts.  If there is any chance of your voice being recognized have
a confederate whom you can trust implicitly mace the call.  One good trick
is to look in a swinger's magazine for homosexual prostitutes.  These are
usually advertised as "masseurs".  Some of them make house calls.  Send a
few to his house.  For an interesting variation, give one or two the
address of his next door neighbor.  If the "masseur" is effeminate in
appearance or manner the neighbor will start to have horrible suspicions
about the man next door when a gay boy rings his bell and asks for him.
Another good one is to have a confederate phone your target from a phone
booth when he is home and ask for his wife.  Your confederate should slur
his speech as if he were drunk and say he is calling from a bar.  A
transistor radio playing loudly in the booth will help the effect.  When
the target asks what the call is about your friend can tell him that he
saw his wife's name written on the toilet wall.  If you have a number of
friends you can trust not to shoot their mouths off you can pull this
several times and have your target really believing that someone has been
going around writing his wife's name and number on toilet walls.  There is
no point in makin the rounds of bars and actually doing so, however, since
hardly anyone calls numbers written on toilet walls.  The multiplier
effect would not work in this case.  If your target has an unlisted number
it will significantly alter your plans.  There are several ways to find
out his number.  One is to have a very good friend who works for the phone
company do it for you.  If you have no such friend you might be able to
find it woud from his place of work.  If you work for the same company it
is easier yet.  If you don't you can phone his company one day when he is
absent or out to lunch and say that you are the delivery supervisor for a
piano dealer and that you would like to have his home number in order to
find out when you can deliver the piano.  You can tell the person to whom
you re speaking that a clerk in your office forgot to type it on the order
form and that you'd like to be able to check with the target's wife
regarding the delivery.  There are all sorts of variations possible on
this theme.  To give the situation some urgency, you can tell them that
you have a load of concrete for his swimming pool or driveway and tht you
must get to his house before it sets.  One of these stories will usually
work, if you are calling a private company.  If your target works for th
government agency, however, don't even try this.  They have a policy of
not disclosing their employee's addresses or phone numbers and you won't
get anything from them without a court order.  Another way to get his
phone number if you know where he lives is to have a friend gain access to
the house by posing as a salesman, census taker, repairman, etc. and
reading it off the telephone dial.  Yet another way is for your
confederate to pose as a salesman and tell the target's wife that he would
like to demonstrate his product only when she and her husband are both
home and that if she will give him the phone number he'll call back in the
evening to arrange a time.


+++ Additional Telephone Techniques: Chapter 6.

If you know that your target is being unfaithful to his wife you can have
a confederate inform her by phone.  One particularly effective way can be
used if you know the time and place of the adulterous rendezvous: "Hello,
Mrs. Smith, your husband told you he was going to be working late tonight
but if you call his office you won't be able to get him.  If you go to the
XYZ Motel, however, you'll be able to see him if he and his roommate are
not too busy." You can also phone a famous crime figure, or a militant and
denounce and insult him.  This could prove to be at least embarrassing for
the person whom you impersonate when making the call.  A variation on this
theme is discussed in the chapter on the use of the telegraph.  One
additional resource the yellow pages lists is rental agencies.  It is too
easy to let your mind be channeled into looking only for companies with
things to sell.  Rental agencies will deliver appliances and furniture, as
well as garden equipment and just about anything else you can buy.

-------------------
 End of volume one
------------------- 
Downloaded from Just Say Yes. 2 lines, More than 500 files online!
         Full access on first call. 415-922-2008 CASFA 

 
 
 
  Another file downloaded from:   
 
         !
        -$-             & the Temple of the Screaming Electron
         !    *                    Walnut Creek, CA
   +    /^   |
   !    | |//^  _^_     2400/1200/300 baud  (415) 935-5845  
  /^  /   @ |  /_-_            Jeff Hunter, Sysop
  |@ _| @     @|- - -|                                     
  |  | |    /^ |  _  |                  - - - - - - - - - * 
  |___/____|_|_|_(_)_|       Aaaaaeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!   /   
 
       Specializing in conversations, E-Mail, obscure information,
   entertainment, the arts, politics, futurism, thoughtful discussion, 
          insane speculation, and wild rumours. An ALL-TEXT BBS.
 
                         "Raw data for raw minds." 
 

