
                                :::.                     
                                :: :istorted                     
                                :::'          
     Text File #2               :::.               Amphetamine Gobbler
   ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ :: :igital ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
    11 February 1994            :::'               Mongoloid Telecom
                                ::::
                                ::. rection
                                ::::                                
   :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

                         'Linda Blair Online'

This is a comical little story that came from the bowels of Necropolis
backfiles... one fine autumn day, my friend and his girlfriend came
over. We were fucking around, and then Dire called the system. Being
the occult-master that he claimed to be, we decided to play a little
joke on him. We didn't really think he would take it seriously. He
did. This is the log of the chat we had with him... of course he was
completely convinced that this girl was possessed by demons. Take a
look:

(By the way, I wasn't sure if this girl would appreciate her name      
all over the Stark County telecom world, so I replaced her name with
CENSORED wherever it occured. And, D=Dire and N=this girl, ok?)

10:13 pm  Sun Oct 11, 1992
Recorded with user: Dire #13
Chat reason: None
------------------------------------


D: HI, Sorc.  How's it goin?

N: This is not the Sorc.  and itis The Sorcerer

    have I confused you

D: Yep...maybe I didn't quite understand that statement somehow...

N: which one?

D: You are and you aren't the Sorcerer.  You're Ryan or not?

N: not

D: Then WHO are you?

N: The Cocksman

D: Oboy...I really missed something somewhere...oh, well.
   What can I do ya for?

N: Yiu called me Didn't you?

D: Nope, leastways I don't think so...

N: !.  Leastways is NOT a word

   2,  If you didn't call me what are you doing on right now?

D: Checking out the message bases, actually...I'm sig-op of the
   Campaign 92 SIG.

N: Am I impressed?

D: Well, ya DID ask WHY I was on the board, didn't ya?  Now I'm
   really confused!

N: thats okay.  the cocksman is mean to people this is >CENSORED<

D: ?????  Who AM I "chatting" with, anyway?

N: CENSORED

D: OK...um, what I am I supposed to say or do?  As I say,
   I didn't page (or at least I don't think so, unless I hit the 
   wrong key somehow...)

N: i think you must of hit a wrong key but thats okay you dont have to say
anything you can even go now if you want

D: Sounds cool to me...unless you wanted to ask me anything in particular?
   I try to get to know the Sysop (and Co-Sysops) of any BBS I deal with...

   As a matter of courtesy...

N: i dont know what to tell you about myself or what to ask

D: OK...well, can I get back to scanning the MSG bases then?  
   I got a couple of posts I want to make, and possibly a couple of 
   uploads...

N: well yeah but first ryan tells me that your involved in some sort of
   youth group stuff and im sort of a troubled teen could you tell me 
   somethig about it

D: OK, lessee...Youthquake is a non-profit youth ministry (non-
   denominational) that deals with ANY teens who want help, or 
   just something interesting to do...our offices are in Canton, 
   and 'tis where I am calling from, actually. What specifically 
   did ya want to know?  The door's always open, even after
   hours if need be...

N: well how could i find out where meetings are and what topics do they talk
about in them

D: As to the first, lemme check the CALENDAR, hold on a sec...

Um, it's not listed on the office cal, and most of what deal with is the
office end of things...I suggest calling back Monday 'tween 11a and 4p if ya
can.  Sal (the exec director) could give ya a better idea of when the next
rally is then I...as to the latter, parent-teen related subjects (dating,
music, "religious" stuff, sports, television, school peer pressure, and the
like).

N: do they ever talk about involved in drugs sex cultism prenancy or vodo

D: Drugs, sex, and (teen) pregnancy yes; the occult not as much; I have a 
   little Personal knowledge there.

N: hos that

D: How's that?  'Afore I became a Christian, I dabbled heavily in the occult
(research and occasional practical application of magic) so I have a minimal
amount of knowledge about most occult practices, and specific knowledge of
Arcanus Maginari (shadoweaving, spellcasting, summoning) and the
Greecian/Egyptian mythoi.

N: what about satanism

D: I have some limited knowledge of that...'tis dangerous to be in at times,
particularly to YOU if you end up on the altar...

N: thats why i was asking about the groups because they are starting to 
   scare me
 
D: You have good reason to be wary...a lot of people who dabble heavily don't
tend to hold even human lives in high regard...hmmmm, lessseee...what I would 
suggest offhand is breaking off contact if at all possible.  Some of those
silly human-things tend to release powerful entities far beyond their
ability to control/influence, with possibly lethal results...

N: i was wonderinggg  CENSORED is no longer here. It is I, Abrasax, Lord of 
the Dark and Master of All that is Unholy. I have come to let you know that
CENSORED is beyond help and that she will die come 31 October 1992. It is 
her Day. Do not attempt to contact her any further. Such is the word of
Abrasax.

D: Am I supposed to be inpressed?  I have little fear of you, childling...
watch your step if you're thinking of attempting anything stupid (like 
trying to pronounce a hex/curse upon me) since the God may be 
suffieciently displeased enough to give youE x lau nia vin naastmyo s
casee of imarraigi cal ni camlanabar knmo lacfoh.nir

 
N: sar urinas sin es pulius mir forturs. Your pathetic babblinbs do not phase
me, human. CESNORED is ours. She has succumbed to our power and now she is
ours. 

D: No, actually, she's her own...she has to be WILLING to reject you 
admittedly (for all have free will, not 

m
N: NOatt> erN IKKwI yIaS OsdURSjk lA;Djk lA;LjWkdAYS fjkdWIafjkLL ;BE. 

CENSORED rejected Jesus Christ and his follower on 1 October 1992. This 
made her ours. Now she is ours. Jesus Christ is NOTHING. He is dead. So 
will she. She will follow the tradition of the one that she renounced.

D: How very...naive of you.  If you're so powerful, why I am Not dead alread?

N: You are not derad because we do not wish you to be. IF we did, we would. 
The Sacrifice of the Autumn Way is coming and CESNORED will be the offering
to the Lord High Satan. The time has passed for your ways and now I will
decide what happens in this realm. The Evil Ones have come and they will 
take over. Christianity is dead. So is your gOD and so is everything you
believe in ... 
Please

PRAISE THE LORD SATAN BECAUSE JESUS IS DEAD.

x
?
What's all the interf?  Lot of line noise, apparently...

a Myn opreissnelyen ce causes a diyoungs ftouobalsn ce ain ptphaer
eelentcltyri.cuty. 

Explain yourself.

D: Well, lots of strange characters on the screen, like line nosie...yeah
that.





N: hello? 

D: I am here.  Who is this?

N: CENSORED i just blacked out

D: CENSORED, you MUST leave where you are, NOW!!  Get out of there!!

N: why

D: There's apparently some high priest of sorts who intends YOU to be on the
altar OCT 31!

N: i dnt think they would do that even tough im scare i dont think they would
hurt me the things that scare me mainly are the blackouts not the people

D: Are these "blackouts" from natural causes, like a tumor?

N: they dont happen that much

D: All the same, I don't like this...does the name Anth (something) mean
anything to you?

N: ??

D: I don't know either...this "person" was just typing away like mad not a
few moments ago...how many remote locations can access Necropolis right now?

N: 2?

D: If YOU weren't typing those extrememly HOSTILE messages...who was?
Who is at the other location currently?

N: i am at a friends

D: I think there's something very wrong...are you local to Canton?

N: y

D: Then call me voice at 453-1053.  I think we need to talk...

N: i dont know how long will you be ther tonight 

D: I will be here as late as I need to be!

N: when should i call

D: ASAP.  If you get me out of chat mode, i'll logon Necopolis now to free up
the line, else I'll do an ALT-O to manually terminate the link.

N: i dont think my friend would like it if i called so i would have to call
from somewhere else

D: Who is this friend, a member of Necopolis with a Username?

N: n

D: I don't really know what to tell you, then...all I can say is, from what
that "person" was saying, you are in a lot of trouble...

I want to get off Necrop as fast as possible, to prevent anymore incursions
from unwanted visitors....

Go aheadi, you were saying...

N: me to ive gata go my friend is coming home soon

O

>> Carrier lost ...

Now, certainly, we could say that Dire was acting like a swell guy.
In his own little religion, this girl might have been possessed by
a demon... and he was willing to help. But Dire has just not been
acting too pleasantly of late. Take a look.


From    : DIRE                                   Number    : 57 of 60
To      : URINE-STAINED CATHARSIS                Date      : 01/21/94 4:05am
Subject : Gore, Environment, Ill.                Reference : NONE
Read    : 01/25/94 2:16am (REPLIES)              Private   : YES
Conf    : 021 - POLITICAL DEBATE [LOCAL]

-> Allow me to correct myself: not just an extremist, but a pompous,
-> power-mongering one at that.
->
-> Thanks for the invite, but no thanks. I wouldn't grace this so-called
-> 'echo' with my posts if I had to. And, judging from the activity this
-> echo gets, neither is anyone else.

This is your second and FINAL warning.  I asked you NOT to write these
kind of messages here.  This is NOT a warboard msg area.  Any futher
messages of this kind posted in this area will be immediately removed,
and the sysop notified.

BTW - I prefer a lower number of respondents at first, since I just
started sig-oping this area.  Since I actually take the time to reply to
most if not all posts in an reasonable and thorough manner, I REFUSE to
waste time dealing with useless insult-fests.


--- WM v3.10/pý¶p=÷
 * Origin: The Towne Crier 833-4088  (13:13/6)
 þ TNet 3.90 ÷ THE PENTAGON - 493-3522


Now, I mean really. Sub-ops who feel that power is everything should
get a firm kick in the asshole. This is actually just the tip of his
silliness. I told him I would call him to 'smooth things out' and
he threatened to press telephone harrassment charges against me! Isn't
that just the rudest? I thought so too and so I thought it would be
a good idea to show everyone how silly his little exorcism was.


  `'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'
       Distorted Digital Erection   February 1994   Text File #2
            DDE is fully supported on the Necropolis BBS
          216.966.8970  - subterranean telecom - All TEXT!
          vaginal yeast infections are worse, much worse..
   Submissions are accepted. Send your t-file submission to Sorc, on
    the Necropolis. If using a new account, (I)nclude the file with
                     the New User Application.
     CHECK for MORE Distorted Digital Erection in the NEAR future!
      TCC in CHECK! ... and assorted tales of erect rodentia!...      
  `'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'

-eof-


















