
Part 1. Accepting the T-file as your personal saviour                                                                               

In the world of aestheticism, where does the now-legendary text file
fit into place? We've seen the best of the best. We've seen the cDc
releases and we know what Phrack is up to. The world of corporate
text-file. But first, back to the point at hand. The text file, as
a work of art, holds the same as the bulletin board as a work of
art. Any t-file or bulletin board not taken at an artistic level
is going to be nothing. Zilch. Fucking zero. Now, the text file,
on the other hand, is essential. It is beautiful. And as my friend
- Doctor Murdock - says:

    Textfiles don't require a joystick.

Oh yes. That is where we're at. Now, onto this conglomerate text
file circuit going on. It must be broken. Just as SST and Matador
pine away at the foundations of a Geffen America, so much WE
press against the foundations of a cDc America... is it not that
the infamous bovine cult is the ONLY national text file group?
It must be so. Indeed it is so. 

And yet, how can criticism of 216 [and now 330] losers be of any
interest to Lord Britain, calling from London? Nada and zilch again
must be said although nada was never said it was implied in such a way.
A headache approaches.

I think its time we march on! A global conquest is in order!
Where is Shawn-da-lay-Boy? Where is what is what it is? Where
is Distorted Digital Erection? Or Distorted Digital Reaction?
What is the answer? Can a national t-file group be made? A
combination of SDLB and DDE? A unity? A confederation even?
Perhance and persnickity, as I always say. We must first
develop an oh-so-zen-like superconsciousness ... to communicate
long distance for free. 

Look:


  He takes yet another immense drag from the mask, his head shaking vigorously
as the incoming nitrous takes effect.  You almost swear you see the sides of
the tank collapse inward for a moment.  He quickly turns to you, with the
expression of a completely deranged madman, and shouts at the top of his
lungs,


"SHOW ME HER CUNT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"


 At the same instant he floorboards the gas pedal and launches out of sight
with the sounds of his fading scream and screeching tires.  His liscense plate
reads: `ALUCARD'

Can even _you_ defy the power of ShawnDLB? It cannot be done! Feel 
all the wonderful intensity!

2. Accepting the fact that I'm going to pass out

My stomach is all a-flutter and I want another cigarette out of that
new pack of Camels and ohhhh god i feel sick and i want to lie down
if i dont pass out first but oh the ramones are coming.

we'll talk more later. ok?

ok.

"Because its an expression of my creativity and intelligence... and
its better than chat sex!" - Spirit of Entropy

"Northern born, but southern-hearted"


- Sorc / Amphetamine Gobbler / Gott

