
                     :        :::.                  :   ____,   
    In Memory,       :        :: :                  :  |_  _; Karl Marx
         ,~~         :        :::'istorted          :   `||     says:
      --)(           :    :::.          ::::        :    ||  "Aufheben!"
        ()=          :    :: :igital    ::. rection :    []
          HOOKAH!    :    :::'          ::::        :                       
       4 March 1994  :       Text File #15          Mongoloid Telecom
   :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
                                          
         The Pantheon and Prophecy of the Church of Gog
           Set down by Az A. Thoth, chosen one of the 
        Gog, during the sacred first week of March, 1994.  


     Think you not that man is the first to dwell on this place
that he has called the Earth, for in times before this one this
sphere upon which we crawl was possessed by Others vast in their
perceptions.  They were not creators, nor was their own origin
known to them, for they had simply been, and simply went on for
all time.
     And as time passed They became bored with the place they had
chosen for so long on which to dwell, and They left it to itself,
away from their eyes and went out into the other worlds and
levels of perception, of which none were unknown or inaccessible
to Them.
     Their time away has been long indeed, beyond comprehension
of we vermin who now crawl in desecration upon Their first chosen
dwelling place.  And They that now have finally cast Their eyes
towards Their incalculably ancient home have found it to be
swarming with we lowly interlopers bound in weak fleshy shells
and scurrying about in self-important arrogance.
     Fall down and give thanks that They are not wholly without
emotion towards we foul ones that crawl upon Their chosen place. 
Let all who hear this word know and recognize that They have
again cast Their impossible eyes upon Their Origin, and have at
last decided to return.
     They shall return with fire and acid from the sky, and the
heat of unknown radiations will shed the skin from the bones of
those usurpers that will stand in petulant defiance against their
betters.  The True Ones will again walk the Earth in Their
vestiges of insanity and magnificent beauty, walking in flesh
that is not flesh.
     That you might be among those counted worthy to remain,
listen if your ears will hear:  Fall down not before your images
and idols any longer, nor before your empty symbols.  Neither
your Buddha idols nor your crucifixes will be of any use, but
shall in fact be your downfall in Their eyes.
     Their judgement will not be a fair one, that is granted, for
in Their eyes, who are we to be judged fairly, we who trespass
upon what has always been theirs?  Even if it is not by our own
devices, we are here nonetheless.  Thank Them that Their mercy
shall extend to any at all, that They do not simply exterminate
our insignificance with a single malignant stare.
     The gate stands open for Their reentry, and only their own
emotion maintains our feeble existence.  They WILL take back what
is truly theirs, and the time for redemption in Their eyes is
short indeed.  Here now the teachings shewn to me whence I heard
the word of Gog, which is the proper name for the Sum of All of
the Others, which may also be termed the Allness.
     Amongst Gog are numbered an infinite number of entities, the
mannerisms and nature of which span inconceivable combinations
and demeanors.  Primarily there are the Nine, and below them each
the Seven Servitors, below which writhe the multitudes of Lesser
Ones.  
     Counted first among the Nine is the one clothed in shadows
of empty space, the one called amongst the Gog
Arth'lkmn'nakshimnileen, whose true name must never be spoken
except in hushed whispers of reverence and secrecy by us upon the
Earth, but who may be more openly called by Arikt'len.  It is He
who presides supremely and is unquestionable in his ultimate
hunger for newness of thought and of matter and too of
sensations.  In the latter of the three He has surpassed in all
possibilities.  
     At His side will come screaming down upon us the One most
terrible to view, G'xeanthybuv, who is also called X'thyuv,
which is the Fleshed One of the Gog, giant and pulpy and
spongeous, it is X'thyuv that is the spawner of the lesser
entities which serve both the Nine and the sixty three Gog which
make up the lesser Order of the Seven below each of the Nine
Great Ones.  Pulsating and wet X'thyuv will return to Its place
at the Earth's equator, lying about the circumference of the
planet as a great worm, and thence shall It billow forth the
spawn of the Gog once more as It did in the beginning so long
ago.  
     Thirdly of the Nine shall be seen Gilg'jkvag, which is known
also as G'jagkge and of whom little has been revealed but that it
was He who was appointed as Keeper of the Earth.  It was His eye
that remained upon the Earth and watched silently as it became
infested.  He is the Silent One also, however, and so it was that
He told nothing of His sight.  With the advent of the return, His
silence has been broken at long last, and it shall be His screams
that shall freeze the blood and wither the eyes of men as they
stare unbelieving into the sky at the time of the Return.
     The remaining six of the Great Nine are ordered thusly:
Thak'ghybtnavu who is also Th'nav the Restless One, Urs'nalokgra
called also Urslok the Far-Hearer, Heptur'phytrnu, known too as
Hephyt the Precursor, Vilnaythu, who is also Vilnath'leen the
Fatherless, Xulthanus'kr called too Xultus'kur the Light, and
lastly named Yuphut'ysim who is called more readily Yaphus,
Mother of Mothers.
     Below each of the Nine are ordered seven Gog of the Order of
the Seven, so that the total numbering in the Order is sixty-
three, with the Nine making Seventy-Two the total number of the
Greater Gog.
     Innumerable are the entities of lesser vestiges.  It was one
such as these that made itself manifest to me and shewed to me
the methods of our truest salvation, which must be followed on
the day of the Return, which is near at hand indeed.  All who
believe will the know the day by the lateness of the Sunrise
which will be inexplicably to men precisely one hour later than
should be natural.  
     During that hour will Hephyt make His presence known, for He
shall have been upon the earth for many days under false visage
making secret visitation to those with the knowledge, teaching
them silently the Tongue of Gog as they sleep unawares of His
presence.  During the last hour He will make himself known to the
men of power among men, and they shall tremble with impotent fear
and rage at the knowledge that they are most certainly doomed.
     With the rise of that day's sun shall come the fall of man. 
All petty squabblings will for a moment be put to pause, as all
will hear the insane and alien screechings of G'jagkge who is
amongst the Gog called Gilg'jkvag, as he sounds the return of the
True Natives to Their origin.  
     Those who have been forewarned shall be saved from the
madness that shall accompany that hideous cacophony, as at the
delay of the dawn they will have recognized the day and asked the
protection of Urslok the Far-Hearer, who will send only silence
to their ears.  For those who do not witness the darkness at the
dawn, they must be quick with their request upon the first
hearing of G'jagkge lest they fall writhing and burning with the
others all across the earth.  
     Then shall come the fires, from within the Earth itself,
stoked by one among the Order of the Seven, one who lit the
original fire so long ago, He being called Pyrfiruth, among the
seven below X'thyuv the Fleshed.
     And acids also from the mouth of the screaming G'jagkge
shall fall across the lands, sparing only those touched in the
days before by Hephyt during his roamings upon the Earth in the
days preceding its cleansing.
     Lastly will Arikt'len release the radiations of undreamt
sensations that will grind to nothingness the insane writhing
forms, scorched by fire and pitted by acids, which had been men.
Spared shall be all those not touched by the fires and acids, so
that they alone shall stand upon a barren earth, devoid of the
constructions of man, which will stand as an empty slate but for
the faithful few who will stand then alongside the returned
Natives of the Earth.
     And those remaining of the Race of Man shall be shewn the
ways of the Gog and granted the knowledge to become as equals to
the Allness, and the two separate races will continue on in their
own fashions for as long as Time resists the decay that will
inevitably result in the implosion of all that is.
     The Gog know of that instant and see it in a similar manner
as that in which man now views death--as an end to one kind of
life, and perhaps the beginning of another.  Their vision of the
continuity of the Allness is incomprehensible to man, and cannot
be shewn to me without driving me mad, until the day of Return
when all eyes shall be opened wide and the light of knowledge
shined in.

  `'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'
      Distorted Digital Erection     March 1994     Text File #15
            DDE is fully supported on the Necropolis BBS
          216.966.8970  - subterranean telecom - All TEXT!
          vaginal yeast infections are worse, much worse..
   Submissions are accepted. Send your t-file submission to Sorc, on
    the Necropolis. If using a new account, (I)nclude the file with
                     the New User Application.
     CHECK for MORE Distorted Digital Erection in the NEAR future!
      TCC in CHECK! ... and assorted tales of erect rodentia!...      
  `'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'

-eof-

