
               ...::::....::::::::........::.........:::..
     |          :                ø     ø                :   ~,~~
  - (.) -       :    ø    ø         ø       ø           :  /-)(
     | t-file   :   ø  Hallucinatory Oyster Burrito  ø  :    ()=
       assault  :     ø          ø     ø                :     HOOKA!   
               .:.....:......::::........:::........:::.:.
                  21 December 1995            Issue #42

   As the old cliche' goes, "All good things must come to an end". The
fact is, however, that the forces of entropy effect all things with
equal measure - both good and ill. Perhaps then we must thank those
same entropic forces for finally putting an end to the Stark County
Modem community.

   The Stark County Modem Community is now officially dead.

   You may wonder why it is I would say such a thing, or better still,
just who the hell I think I am to be making such a statement about local
telecom. Well, i'll tell you.

   My name is The Dark Jester. I received my first modem in December of 1986.
The modem was a Commodore 1660 300 baud modem. For the time it was quite
advanced. 1200 baud modems were a bit less than a year away. With the
exception of Gary Cox, the system operator of CanCom, I am the oldest
surviving modem user in the county. There are one or two people who were
on the scne before I was, but they dropped out of the community for some
time where I did not.

   I've run three incarnations of a BBS called The House of the Rising Sun.
All three were run on a Commodore 64 and ranged from a limited hour (nightly)
BBS at 300 baud and one disk drive to a 24 hour BBS with a 1200 baud modem
and three disk drives. I was a sysop of a system called The Forgotten Realm,
which I ran with a friend of mine named Mike. Most recently, I was a sysop
of a BBS called Radio KAOS. The owner of the BBS, Kevin Amstutz, asked for
my help in running it. Kevin himself had run several BBS systems in the past
with various names and using various equipment.

   I've used several handles over the years - some silly, others just rather
amusing or atleast reflecting a current interest. Some of the more memorable
ones are: The Ninja Master, Subatomic Particle, Mourngrym Amcathra, Elminster,
and most recently - The Dark Jester.

   Over my almost 10 year modeming career i've seen many people - both good
and bad - pass through the local modem community. Some great people i've met
and are worth mentioning: Buckwheat (Dante), The Prophet (Shane), Cassandra
(Dawyn), Amberle (Jenni), Grizzly (Rick), Sorc/Amphetamine Gobbler/Gott
(Ryan), Albanara (Eric).

   Some "interesting" folks: Jian the Mystic/Moonshadow (Kevin), Reign of
Terror (Dave), The Terrokian (Junior), Cal Edain (Jane), Thy Magician
(Steve), S.S. Sigue/The Density Knight (Kyle), The Human Computer (Mike),
Allia, Muad Dib (Paul), Long John Silver (John), Enchanter/Enchantress &
family, Lady Mercury (Julie), Shadowspawn (Dan), Shadowhawk (Troy),
Hubcap, ... and so many others, it's incrediably hard to remember them all.
I should write a book!

   There are a few people I can think of who were really very sad and pathetic
people who obviously didn't have a lot of love in their lives growing up and
wanted attention anyway they could get it. We'll just skip over them.

   Some innovations I brought to the community include: the all-text BBS
concept, successful creative writing message bases, various message base
concepts, the introduction of the Telegard BBS system to the community
(Telegard was the forerunner of Renegade), and various other ideas and
projects including the revival of the Modem Wrestling Federation text file
series and the creation of the Underground Alliance - a group dedicated to
quality telecom in the mid/late 80's. At that time, most BBS systems were
affiliated with a users group that was very authoritarian in nature. Many
sysops wanted an alternative.

   Some people have spread rumors that I was somewhat involved in hacking
in my youth and was heavily involved in phone phreaking (the illegal use
of long distance services). As such activities are illegal I would of course
NEVER participate in any of them. (stares at ceiling, crosses fingers)

   You may be asking yourself, "Well, this strole down memory lane is
pretty interesting ... but what does it have to do with telecom in the
local community?" I'm glad you asked.

   In the beginning, there was the computer. The computer was difficult to
use and had few applications (software) for people to use. Then, came the
truly home computer - the Commodore 64 series and the Atari 800 series
8-bit computers. They were user friendly (I speak from a Commodore view
point. I know little about Atari), there were games available, and it was
easy to buy hardware for them and connect it. Just a plug here or there.
Modems became available.

   Early telecom revolved around the bulletin board system. People who used
BBSs tended to be fairly intelligent people or atleast devoted to their
hobby. Modems were expensive, so people who used them were really involved
in the hobby.

   With the advent of the IBM clone, modems started showing up in every
PC. While this is good in the sense that new people were getting connected -
it was bad for the over all quality of the user base. People who were not
very interested in participating (ie. posting/reading messages) started
to appear. They would download software, play games, but do little else.
There were at first few of these people. As time went on, their numbers
increased. Today most BBS users devote themselves to the door games available
or to a teleconference if the BBS system they use has one. Intelligent,
though provoking conversation has fallen by the wayside for most.

   As I said, the early days of telecom had people who were very dedicated
involved. As time went on, local telecom began to experience declines and
gains in quality of users and activity. Every so often a band of really
interesting and intelligent people would show up on the scene and there
was usually a sysop somewhere with the insight to create a BBS for them to
use.

   The last BBS system of what we can call the "Classic" era of modeming
was Forgotten Realms BBS, which I helped to run with a friend. It had a
great deal of activity.

   The beginning of the modern age began with the Dragon's Lair BBS. Former
Forgotten Realms user Ryan Baguerous wanted to run his own BBS and continue
some of what he saw on FR. His system was set-up for conversation, and that's
what it got. Meanwhile, I went off to college. Dorm life didn't agree with me,
so I came back home to commute to school. Ryan and I chatted and I gave him
a suggestion for a new BBS name: The Necropolis. I ever wrote a little story
about the board's background based upon some fantasy books by Raymond E.
Feist. While the modem community itself went into decline, the Necropolis
was fanning the last embers of what was left of the classic age of modeming.
Friendships, quality conversations, creativity.

   Wildcat software marked a steady decline in telecom. The ability for someone
who had no experience as a user to suddenly place a BBS system online spawned
some of the worst systems in the community's history. The Ultimate (Hardly),
Wildthing, Wizard's Castle ... these were some of the names. With the except-
ion OF those names the systems were all the same. I coined the phrase
"xerox syndrome" for these sorts of systems that were devoid of creativity
and innovation.

   The final blow to the community came with the rise of the Canton Connection
bulletin board system. While the system at first was fairly unpopular
(it first ran on a Commodore 8-bit when such systems were no longer cutting
edge) it grew in popularity as it grew in size. Users who had never posted
a message in their lives found the teleconference function to be a dream
come true.

   It would be a mistake to think that I blame TCC for the destruction of
local telecom. Certainly, sysop Larry Smith (Loveless) was only trying
to create a popular and cutting edge system. It is simply unfortunate that
he choose to appeal to the least common denominator instead of stressing
participation in the message areas and creative thought in general. While
a core few people became almost fanatical in their devotion to the
Necropolis BBS most other users chose to become members of TCC. Differences
in philosophy when it came to the purpose of a BBS and free speech issues
flared into conflict between the two boards when Necropolis sysop Ryan
Baguerous discovered certain facts concerning the true identity of the
TCC sysop Larry Smith (Loveless) as well as uncovering allegations of
illegal activity involving pornography and minors. At this time I had been
banned from TCC for some time for reasons that were never made clear to me
and so was willing to help Ryan discover more about the behind the scenes
action at TCC. A dislike and acute paranoia seems to exist to this day on the
part of Mr. Smith (Loveless) towards me ... even more so than toward Ryan,
although my involvement with Ryan and his investigations was minimal at best.
The reason for this is unknown, although I suspect I was blamed for things
that may have been engaged in by other parties. My true role in the
investigations was usually little more than a source of advice for Ryan
or as a sounding board for ideas.

   The Necropolis went down and Jerith, a former Necropolis user, placed a BBS
online as a replacement - the Virtual Underdark. VU never really became a
replacement for Necro. because Jerith didn't have Ryan (Sorc's) vision and
interests to help to create the atmosphere needed for intellectual/debate
oriented discussions. Shortly after VU, I was asked to help run Radio KAOS by
an old modeming pal named Jian the Mystic. Radio KAOS was a very stressful time
for me. I had a vision of what I wanted to do with the system, but I often
had a difficult time expressing what I wanted in terms Jian could understand.
Jian often wanted to do things that I knew would not work ... but that I really
had little choice but to let him attempt. Although the system was in my
estimation successful ... it could have been more so. I was often frustrated
by the fact that much of my users log consisted of people who were gripped
by today's apathetic mood. The new user message specifically would tell users
that participation was a part of the system raison etre and that users
who didn't post messages would be deleted. Many users were outraged by this
requirement and its enforcement. They were used to TCC and multi lines. They
weren't used to being asked for something. How DARE I insist that people who use
my FREE BBS abide by the rules I create? How DARE I delete users who either
just ignored the new users message or who DIDN'T EVEN BOTHER TO READ IT!
Ryan, Jian and I joked that it might be fun to put a clause inthe message
that said that signing up for an account was an acceptance of the system rules.
One rule was to be that the user should send in $1,000 in cash for a lifetime
membership. People who didn't read would be called and asked for the
money and threatened with a lawsuit if they didn't comply! :)

   Finally, early in 1995, Ryan Baguerous placed his last BBS system online -
The Seinsfrage. Using the handle Gotterdammerung, Ryan attempted to re-create
his system in a new image complete with brand new software no one was using
(everyone in the community had joined his bandwagon and had switched to
Renegade) and internet access in the form of e-mail and newsgroups. It also
had netmail.

   Problems with the software and a lack of intelligent and interesting users
eventually led to the system's demise. Ryan had tried to plant the seed of
creativity but the ground was no longer suitable for such things. The
user base was mostly teenaged and they hungered for video games and
easy, quick, innane chatter ... not serious discussions where they would have
to THINK and use their minds!

   So, that was the end. There are other local systems besides TCC ... but
but they're not used much in comparison to the juggernaut of local telecom.
People rarely post, instead calling whenever they can't get on an open
TCC phone line to log on.

   So ended the classic era, and the modern era which was the remnance of
classic. Now begins the future era! The INTERNET! That's where I am. I fled
to it when I couldn't stand the stagnation of the local scene anymore. I speak
to people on IRC chat ... about things that are interesting and matter. I've
met some wonderful friends - one of which who actually visits me when she
can. I've used the World Wide Web and read about things ... and there's
so much out there. I've even connected to BBS systems accessable through
the net, although most of them are pay - another sign of the decline of
telecom in general.

   The 'net is the new realm for the telecom hobbiest. The nit-wits can sit
around in chat rooms and chat about absolutely nothing. The perverts
can sit in rooms and wait for women who will never arrive. The rest of us
can get together and meet new friends and learn more about our world.
The net is the future and while the local scene may be dead and gone, a
new scene is out there waiting for those who wish to embrace it.

   You can obtain Internet access through your local university or school
system. Check with administration from either for details. It's often possible
to avoid paying a provider. After all, the net is based in large part in
University computer systems and universities are funded by tax dollars. Why
SHOULD you pay to access the Net?

   Here ends the last Hallucinatory Oyster Burrito, a `zine that was a
continuation of the Distorted Digital Erection 'zine which was a product of
the creative minds at the Necropolis BBS. Check out these 'zines on the
BBS systems listed below. They're great.

   We've come full circle. I've loved almost every minute of my time
involved in modeming. I'm sad to see the end of something I enjoyed so much,
but I know nothing can truly last forever.

   Good-bye local modem community. Hello Global Village!


                                      - The Dark Jester

  `'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'
                      Hallucinatory Oyster Burrito
 An AUFHEBEN Production!     support:         tyrant:     numbah:
 "Why, I don't know much of  Mission: TBx2 .. Skyhawk ... 330.837.5839
  anything!" - Eraserhead

   _Submission Policy_: Hallucinatory Oyster Burrito is into subs!  
   If you write something - anything - send it to us and we'll get it
                 to press. For contacting HOB, see below.
  Want to be a support board for HOB? Download ALL the HOB's and DDE's
   create a file sig on your board, and let me know. Your BBS will
    be listed. To contact us, send e-mail to the internet address
     listed. E-Mail: bp648@yfn.ysu.edu
  `'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'`'

-eof-
