








			Pride and Prejudice

			Mike Stutz





     Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice, set in Nineteenth century England, 

  is a novel about marriage.  Austen's feminine writing and weaved storyline
 
  creates a novel which can be interesting to read and which women especially

  enjoy.  The novel has a strong theme of marriage as a mother (Mrs. Bennet)

  desperately trying to marry her daughters off.  She didn't care about the

  quality of the men her daughters were marrying, but was satisfied just as

  long as they found a man.  When her sixteen-year-old daughter Lydia marries

  Wickham, she is thrilled and proceeds to make plans for visiting her

  neighbors with her, despite the fact that they had lived togetherfor over a

  year without being married, and that Wickham was forced into marrying her.

  Mrs. Bennet's strong desire to marry off her children and her

  unsatisfactory attempts at matchmaking show that in her society, marriage is

  held in high regard.  It is a person's personal worth and the transfer of

  family fortunes that occurs during a marriage in this time that is probably

  the most important factor, not how the couple gets along or likes each

  other.  Austen plays on this social behavior and seems to be making a 

  statement.  Therefore, I believe that Pride and Prejudice is a social

  satire.


    The language of Pride and Prejudice is astonishingly simple and the

  verbiage frugal, especially for the period in which it is written.  There

  is no drastic action or heroic characters; however, Austen convincingly



				1





  develops character with it, and her characters, each with their own

  dialogue and languistical nuances, stand apart very well.  Another 

  interesting note about her characters is that at the end of the novel, all

  of her characters are punished or rewarded according to their actions 

  throughout the course of the book.  This shows her moralistic side.  This

  quote, a typical Mr. Bennet speech, occurs when the issue of Kitty going to

  Brighton is brought up: "This is a parade which does one good; it gives

  such an elegance to misfortune!  Another day I will do the same; I will sit

  in my library, in my night-cap and powdering gown, and give as much trouble

  as I can - or, perhaps, I may defer it til Kitty runs away."  Contrasting

  this to someone like Mrs. Gardiner, as she is quoted here speaking to

  Elizabeth about Darcy's estate, one can see a completely different tone and

  manner of speaking: "My love, should you not like to see a place of which

  you have heard so much?  A place, too, with which so many of your

  acquaintance are connected.  Wickham passed all his youth there, you know."

  It must also be noted that her male characters are not nearly as developed

  and refined as her female ones.  Men never gathered alone to discuss, or

  have parties - this is reserved for the women.  Most of the men aren't even

  taken seriously.  But I must give credit to Austen, for as Mark Twain once

  said, "Write what you know about," and Jane Austen probably wouldn't have

  done so well with her men as she did with her women.  This is the basic

  argument that she is a feminine author, appealing mostly to women.  Most 

  importantly, she uses language to make her society's view a marriage look

  like a joke as evidenced in the language of Mrs. Bennet and of the Miss

  Bennets.



	Furthermore, marriage and matchmaking is downplayed in the novel's

  playing with first impressions and their effects.  Had Darcy acted a bit 

  more polite at the first dance and Elizabeth less critical of him, then the




				2





  two of them would probably been married by Chapter VI and what is now a

  250+ page novel would have been a 50 page short story.  But, contrary to

  what the romance novels of the past two hundred years seem to tell us,

  life is not always like that, and oftentimes our personal prejudices and 

  imperfect selves get in the way of our best will, leaving only our libidious

  egos to judge.



	Her treatment of characters helps us to see the shallowness of the

  peoples of her time.  Mrs. Bennet, the matchmaker, makes us laugh at the

  very notion of marriage between some of the people in the novel.  Kitty and

  Lydia, however, are caught up in their own frivolous worlds and in the end

  get what they are eventually seeking, anyway.  Lady Catherine, an extremely

  proud woman, simply looks foolish.  Sir William Lucas is the epitome of all

  that is arrogant and pompous.  These characters help to play a part in 

  showing the one-sidedness of the people of this time and in portraying the

  lack of depth in their marriages, which are usually only for money or 

  prestige.



	As a conclusion, romance is what a writer like Austen is really good

  at, and the people of her time would buy it (if it sold well in her time,

  then she'd be financially worry-free).  That is why it is written in the

  form that it is.  Pride and Prejudice is essentially a satire of social

  behavior, especially of marriage.  What Austen appears to be asking is 

  'Can love really be found in society?'  According to her book, it is hardly

  likely.  Even though Darcy and Elizabeth appear happy at the end, it is hard

  to imagine the Darcy from the first part of the book married to Elizabeth.

  This long, interwoven theme of marriage can appeal today as social classes

  and position are factors in people's marriages - Austen seems to be saying 

  that none of this is important, and one should marry someone that he/she

  really likes as a person, not as a means of prestige.

				3











