
	This is Part Two in the history of FidoNet. Itç
turned out that the original FIDOHIST.DOC (now calledç
FIDOHIST.DC1, or just "Part One") was useful, and manyç
people read it. Unfortunately, by the time everyone read it,ç
it became totally obsolete. Oh well. Here is Part Two.

	FIDOHIST.DOC covered the early history of FidoNet,ç
why it was done, how it was done, and the reasons for theç
organization and obscure rituals surrounding node numbers.ç
If you havent read it yet, I suggest you do now, becauseç
I'll probably refer to things that won't make any senseç
otherwise. 

	The original FidoNet was organized very simply; eachç
FidoNet system (each node) had a number that served like aç
phone number, uniquely identifying it. The NODELIST,ç
generated by the folks in St. Louis that had all FidoNetç
nodes in it, contains information on all known FidoNetç
systems. Every system in FidoNet had a current copy of theç
NODELIST, which served as the directory of systems.

	(In the interests of brevity I'm leaving out hugeç
amounts of information; I hope you have read FIODHIST.DOC byç
now ...)

	FidoNet has been growin7 steadily since it startedç
by accident in May 84 or so. The node list continued to /etç
out of hand; the ori7inal FIDOHIST.DOC was written to tryç
and help smooth things out. It is impossible toç
overemphasize the amount of work inrÔlved in keeping theç
node list accurate. Basically, the guys in St. Louis wereç
keeping track of hundreds of FidoNet systems in Boston, Losç
Angeles, London, Stockholm and Sweden, and publishing theç
results weekly. There has never been such a comprehensiveç
and accurate list of bulletin board systems generated.


	We talked for many months as to how we couldç
possibly find a solution to the many problems; it was at theç
point where if a solution was not found in a few months (byç
Aug. 85 or so) that FidoNet would collapse due to the sheerç
weight of it's node list. 

	The newsletter, FidoNews, was, and still is, anç
integral part of the process of FidoNet. FidoNews is theç
only thing that unites all FidoNet sysops consistently;ç
please keep up to date on it, and stock it for your users ifç
you have the disk space. And contribute if you can!

	There were many constraints on the kind of things weç
could do; we had no money, so it had to be done for zeroç
cost. Centralization was out, so obviously localization wasç
in; just how to do it was a total unknown. We thought ofç
going back to having people in different areas handle newç
node requests in their area, but that always generatedç
confusion as to who a person should go to, how to avoideç
having someone requesting a node number from differentç
people simultaneously, etc etc. 

	The old method of routing was very different thanç
the current method, and much more complex; instead of Fidoç
automatically routing to hosts, each sysop had to specifyç
(via the ROUTE.BBS file) how all routing was done in theç
system. The was done originally by hand, later by Johnç
Warren's (102/31) NODELIST program.

	Then of course there was the problem that no matterç
what we did, it would not be done overnight. (ha ha.) Itç
would take many weeks at the least, possibly months, so thatç
whatever we did had to be compatible with the old method asç
well.

	We went through probably hundreds of ideas in theç
next few months, some possibly useful, some insane.ç
Eventually the insanity boiled down to a pretty workableç
system. We chatted by FidoNet and by voice telephone.ç
Eventually, we settled on the two part number scheme, likeç
the phone company does with area codes and exchanges. Itç
accomodated backwards compatibility (you can keep yourç
present node number) and the new "area code" (net number)ç
could be added into an existing field that had been set toç
zero. (This is why everyone was originally part of net #1).


	When a fortunate set of circumstances was to bringç
Ezra Shapiro and me to St. Louis to speak to the McDonnellç
Douglas Recreational Computer Club on XXXX 11th, we plannedç
ahead for a national FidoNet sysops meeting that weekend.ç
Ken and Sally Kaplan were kind enough to tolerate having allç
of us in their living room.

	The people who showed up were (need that list) Theç
meeting lasted ten continuous hours; it was the mostç
productive meeting I (and most others) had attended. When weç
were done, we had basically the whole thing layed out inç
every detail.

	We stuck with the area code business (now known asç
net and region numbers) and worked out how to break thingsç
up into regions and nets. It was just one of those rare butç
fortunate events; during the morning things went "normally",ç
but in the afternoon solutions fell into place one by one,ç
so that by late afternoon we had the entire picture laid outç
in black and white. Two or three months of brainstormingç
just flowed smoothly into place in one afternoon ...

	What we had done was exactly what we have now,ç
though we changed the name of "Admin" to "Region", and addedç
the "alternate" node and net numbers. (We still seem to beç
stuck with that terrible and inaccurate word, "manager". Anyç
ideas?) I previously had a buggy test hack running usingç
area codes, and the week after the meeting it was made toç
conform to what we had talked about that Saturday.

	When version 10C was done, it accomplished more orç
less everything we wanted, but it sure did take a long time.ç
10C was probably the single largest change ever made toç
Fido/FidoNet, and the most thoroughly tested version. Atç
10M, there are STILL bugs left from that early version, inç
spite of the testing.

	Once the testing got serious, and it looked like weç
had a shippable version, St. Louis froze the node list, andç
started slicing it into pieces, to give to the soon-to-beç
net and region managers. (That word again.) This caused aç
tremendous amount of trouble for would-be sysops; not onlyç
was it difficult enough to figure out how on earth to get aç
node number, once they did they were told node numbersç
weren't being given out just yet. Explaining why was evenç
harder, since FIDOHIST.DC2 (ahem) wasn't written yet. (Iç
have to agree, this thing is a little bit late) It was aç
typical case of those who already knew were informaedç
constantly of updates, but thse in the dark had a hard time.ç
Things were published fairly regularly (am I rememberingç
"conveniently" or "accurately" on this part?) 


	Eventually, 10C was released, and seemed to workç
fairly well, ignoring all the small scale disasters due toç
bugs, etc. We couldn't just swap over to the new area codeç
business until very close to 100% of all Fidos were usingç
the new version. This was (for me) an excruciating period,ç
basically a "hurry up and wait" situation. There had notç
been a node list release for a month or two, and for allç
practical purposes it looked like FidoNet had halted ...

	Finally, on June 12th, we all swapped over to theç
new system; that afternoon, sysops were to set their netç
number (it had been "1" for backwards compatibility), copyç
in the new node list issued just for this occasion, and go.ç
I assumed the result was going to be perpetual chaos,ç
bringing about the collapse of FidoNet. Almost the exactç
opposite was true; things went very smoothly (yes, thereç
were problems, but when you consider that FidoNet consistsç
of microcomputers owned by almost 300 people who had neverç
even talked to each other ...)

	Within a month or so,just about every Fido hadç
swapped over to the area code, or net/node architecture.ç
With a few exceptions, things went very smoothly. No one wasç
more suprised than pessimistic I. At this time, August, Iç
don't think there is a single system still using the oldç
node number method.

	This is all well and fine as far as the softwareç
goes, but it made a mess for new sysops. For us sysops whoç
have been around for a while, there was no great problem, asç
we saw the changes happen one by one. However, new sysopsç
frequently came out of the blue; armed with a diskette fullç
of code, they attempted to set up a FidoNet node.

	Actually, I don't understand how anyone does it. Theç
information needed is not recorded in any place that a nonç
sysop could find. On top of that, most of it is now totallyç
wrong! If you follow the original instructions, it saidç
"call Fido #1 ..." if you found a real antique, or "callç
Fido #51 ..." if it is more current. Of course now it tellsç
you to find your region manager. "Region manager???" Well, aç
list of region managers was published in FidoNews, butç
unless you read FidoNews, how does anyone ever find out?ç
I'll probably never know.


	ANYWAYS ... the original reason for all the changesç
was to DECENTRALIZE FidoNet. It just wasn't possible for Kenç
Kaplan to keep accurate, up to date information on everyç
Fido in the US and Europe. The decentralization has beenç
more or less a total success. The number of problemç
sintroduced were negligable compared to the problems solved,ç
and even most new problems are by this time solved.

	It is interesting to note that with the hundreds ofç
systems there are today, the national FidoNet hour is lessç
crowded than it was when there were only 50 nodes.

	Please, keep in mind that no one has done anythingç
like this before, we are all winging it, and learningç
(hopefully) as we go. Please be patient with problems, noneç
of us is paid to do this, and it is more and more work asç
time goes on. Somehow it seems to all get done ...

	HOW TO GET A NODE NUMBER AND ALL THAT

20 August 1985

	This is by necessity a very general idea of how it'sç
done, and you were warned earlier that this may be obsoleteç
this very minute; with that, here's the "current" processç
for starting up a new FidoNet node.

	You can of course skip all or part o6 this if you'veç
done this before; if you haven't, well, be prepared for aç
lot of searching and asking questions. 


	Of course, you need to have your Fido BBS systemç
running first. It's probably best that you play with id forç
a while, and get some experience with how it all works, andç
whether you have the patience to run a BBS. It can getç
exasperating, and you will never find time to use theç
computer ever again.

	Obtain the most recent copy of the nodelistç
possible; thi may take some searching. If you get totallyç
lost, you can always contact Fido 125/1 or Fido 100/51;ç
though these are very busy systems, they both usually haveç
the very latest of anything, and can direct you to the rightç
place.

	The big problem here is to find out if oyu are in aç
net or not, and if not, then who your region manager is. Ifç
you are in a lrge city (Los Angeles, Cincinnati, etc) thenç
there is probably a net in your area. Look through the nodeç
list (use the N)odebook command in Fido, or a text editor)ç
for the right area code or city.

	If there is no net in your area, then you are partç
of a region. This is a little harder, because regions areç
large, and sometomes cover many states. Look at all theç
regions in the node list, you should find a region that fitsç
you.

	Once you find this, you have to contact the net orç
region manager to get your node number. Exactly how this isç
done depends on who the manager is, and how sticky they areç
fir details. A near universal requirement is that you sendç
your request via FidoNet, not by manully; this isn't done toç
make you life difficult, but to ensure that your system isç
really working right. IF you manage to get a FidoNet messageç
to the manager, its usually safe to assume that you'reç
system is working OK. If you get a reply in return, then youç
know both directions work.

	It is usually each sysops' responsibility to go getç
the latest nodelist and newsletters; they are notç
distributed to all systems because of the expense. (Though,ç
I'm trying to get them distributed to more places than theyç
are now, it's sometimes very difficult to get a copy of theç
nodelist!)

	Again, read the FidoNew newsletter regularly; it isç
about the only way to stay in contact with the rest of theç
net. Programs, problems, services, bugs and interestingç
announcements can always be found there. FidoNews articlesç
don't come out of thin air; send in anythnig you think mightç
be of interest. They don't have to be lifetime masterpieces,ç
or even well written. 

	Please remember the entire network is made of theç
sysops; there is no central location from which good thingsç
come, the net consists entirely of the sysops and theirç
contributions. If you don't do it, chances are no one elseç
will!

			Tom Jennings
			20 Aug 85



Ken Kaplan		Fido 100/51	314/432-4129
Tom Jennings		Fido 125/1	415/864-1418
Ben Baker		Fido 100/10	314/234-1462
