* You Love State Socialism (You just don't know it)
Tom Jennings 1:125/111

The essay below speaks for itself. It's not an exercise inç
commie-bashing, in case you were wondering. Taken from a book ofç
essays written by Miklos Haraszti, a Hungarian dissident, it isç
on the surface a harsh criticism of state socialism, told inç
terms of western capitalism.

(The manuscript for the book was smuggled out of Hungary, to beç
published first in France as "L'artiste d'Etat" then as "Theç
Velvet Prison: Artists Under State Socialism" in the U.S. (Basicç
Books Inc, New York).)

                         *  *  *

"Outside the capitalist corporation's walls there is still anç
ideal free market where total freedom of opinion and speech, theç
right to assembly, and the freedom to organize flourish. Everyoneç
goes his own way and can become a proud and independent artist,ç
free of censorship. But inside the company it is a differentç
story. There; the employee must reckon with a microcosm ofç
socialism. His human rights are severely circumscribed -- exceptç
of course, his right to work. He cannot go outside the walls,ç
cannot wander at will around the factory, cannot say, write orç
organize whatever he wants. In these matters, it is the firm'sç
interests, conveyed by its owners and managers, that determineç
right from wrong within the corporate culture. The employee mayç
love his work, but he cannot do what he likes *unless* his ideasç
have first been approved by his superiors. His skills have noç
value in themselves; they exists to sustain the fiscal health ofç
the corporation. His relations with other members of the companyç
are not strictly private; they are defined by the hierarchy ofç
professional skills. If he does not live for his work, theç
company will let him go. As long as there are other corporationsç
for whom he can work, he is all right, even if he is fired. Heç
could even, if he wishes, leave of his own accord!

"How is this (admittedly simplified) state of affairs differentç
from state socialism? Only one aspect is truly different: theç
existence of other companies. Under socialism it is the sameç
giant firm everywhere.

"Suppose that the company for which you work buys and sells art.ç
The board of directors, faithful to the owner's wishes, seeksç
free and independent art. Anyone can come in from the street. Ifç
his art is marketable, the whole company will work for him; noç
one will intervene in his business. If his artistic freedom isç
curtailed, he can threaten to leave the company and look forç
another, or he can choose to become self-employed.

"Now consider the free artist who is asked by the company toç
paint a portrait of the owner, or to create a sculpture thatç
symbolizes the company's ideals, or simply say something niceç
about the firm on television. The money he is paid is not a partç
of profits; it is renumeration for having complied with the ideasç
of the firm's management. Creative freedom has undergone a subtleç
change: the more successfully the artist has identified himselfç
and his ideas with the interests of management, the more creativeç
freedom he can retain. He has become a *directed artist*. He hasç
become a company artist.

"How is this state of affairs different from socialism? Only toç
the extent that, under capitalism, the artist is free to resignç
and go to another company. On our part of the world artists canç
only find employment with the artistic department of the nationalç
company or with one if its branches. All artists are the firm'sç
employees, and their colleagues (the other employees in otherç
departments and branches) are their audience.

"The distinction between directed and free artists, betweenç
directed and free art, disappears at a stroke. The artists'ç
existential uncertainty is over. A steady paycheck is assured.ç
The rent will be paid, food on the table, and a roof overhead.ç
But artists' creative freedom is also over. Nevertheless theyç
have gained a great deal: by becoming state employees they areç
given special attention. Their position is not competitive butç
hierarchical: they gain a measure of control over the consumersç
of their art in exchange for being controlled themselves by theç
coordinating authority of the state. The company's neutrality inç
the thorny question of aesthetics is over.

"The ethics of state socialism resemble the ethics of a largeç
company. Its discipline and freedom are like those of theç
company's workers. Further, if you will imagine the greatestç
possible "industrial democracy" that such a concern might achieveç
within the constraints of its corporate culture, you will haveç
arrived at an almost exact model of freedom in today's modernç
socialist society.

"Is it censorship that guarantees that the employees of Twentiethç
Century Fox will create movies that serve the interests of theç
entire company? Do relationships within the film studio requireç
censoring? Is the unavoidable process of creative compromise andç
self-correction properly called censorship? Voluntary discipline,ç
identification, and devotion are essential elements in theç
professional's acceptance of the company as his own/ Is this notç
freedom? After all, didn't someone once observe that freedom isç
simply the recognition of necessity?

"It does not matter whether the answer is yes or no: we know whatç
this is all about. This form of censorship is far more effectiveç
than a negative, externally imposed restriction of privateç
freedom. It is quite irresistible when it bathes the employees ofç
the socialist supermonopoly -- the nation -- in its amnioticç
warmth. Don't forget: under socialism, there are no longer anyç
owners."
