        Ü Ü Ü      Mighty           Issue #49
   Ü Ü    Û Û Ü    illicit          "The Big Book of Ducks"
  Û ß Û Û Û ÛÛ     Liquid           -By Malakai
  ß   ß ß ß ß ß    Kollections                    
Ä  Ä -ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
 
        As you may know I have released a previous T-File on the Religion of
the Spamibiterians, of which I am a member. Well, if you wish to join or just
want more information on these incredibly powerful creatures, READ ON, for
this is all about the types of ducks. I'll bet you think there are only a few
types of ducks, well, you're wrong! There's a lot of ducks out there, they are
just waiting to be discovered by us Spaminites!

        The Duck Classifications

Normal Duck: Duckius Averatis; These ducks show a variety of different traits,
they are the simplest form of which these higher life forms exist in. They
feed often on small insects and small plants, these are also the easiest to
train for household use.

Bottle-Nosed Duck: Duckius Snoutisrundus; These ducks show a resemblence in
the beak to that of a bottle nosed dolphin. These ducks are excellent swim-
mers and offer good protection against sharks and whales, do to thier incre-
dibly affinity with all creatures of the water. If you plan on taking a cruise,
take one of these ducks along, the Chiakind are known to make suprise visits,
and they may even mezmerize a shark to KILL you with. These ducks eat insects
and spam, but spam can only be fed to them once a week.

Flightless Duck: Duckius Retardis; These ducks are also known as penguins, who
are most often very spiffy dressers. The term PENGUIN is false as the 'PENG-
UINS' are REALLY ducks in disguise <hence the suit>; These ducks are hard to
train, but once trained will hang around your freezer, it's good if you are on
a diet and want to be kept away from your food, as this duck will guard it with
its life. The only problem is, you have to get a new one every night if you
want to eat, because you have to kill the previous one. They eat water.

The Huge Ass Duck: Duckius Majora Posteria; These ducks are about 10 feet tall
and make EXCELLENT body guards. Thier bulging wingceps and the ugly faces make
the chia run in terror. You MUST keep these chained up, as these are carnivor-
ous! They feed on small children and large rabbits, and of course, Spam. For
the healthies Duckius Majora Posteria, feed it one can a day, but drain the
juice into your houseducks water dish, otherwise you will stunt its growth.

Black Avain Duck: Duckius Negro; This duck is an all black, beak as well,
version of the standard duck. This duck is an EVIL duck and often sides with
those of the chiakind, so beware, they often PAINT themselves white so they
can sneak into your house and kill you or your ducks. They eat ducks, spam,
and human flesh... again BEWARE.

Protection Duck: Duckius Proticta; This duck is a virtual force field. It is
apparently a normal duck with a mutant ability to create an intense energy
field which only affects other energy sources. This duck is handy to have
around the house, and is also great to have on starships and such, as you
never know when you need protection from phasers and photon torpedos. The
only set back is the must eat head cheese.

Shapeshifter Duck: Duckius Nottaoneforma; This duck is capable of shifting
into any form up to the size of a 6' 200 lb. human. They are masters of
disguise and very loyal, but they must be raised as hatchlings, otherwise
they are very troublesome to thier owners <i.e... if you wake up for a mid-
night spam snack, you might be disappointed!> These eat spam and only this,
as Spam is what we believe gives them the ability to shapeshift.

Daffy Duck: Duckius Famis; This duck is a famous actor from who has turned
to a life of helping people, he appears to be a slight variant of the Black
Avian Duck breed, but his beak and legs are orange. The Duck Intelligence is
working on discovering more about this as time goes on, so be ready for up-
dates!

--- --- --- --- ---

                        Training Tips for Duck Training

        Training ducks will be the hardest thing you will have to deal with
in the Religion of Spamibiteria. They are very SPECIAL animals and require
oftentimes SPECIAL attention! So I have provided 5 training tips for your
raising of your own ducks!

1) Encourage your duck as you teach him to cook/clean/etc.. by the time you
have fully trained him, he will be 100% loyal <er.. 99% or so, no duck is
100% loyal..>

2) If you can, during the 1st 2 monthes you own your duck, feed him one
spoonful of spam per day, this will encourage his growth as well as make
him more loyal to you, remember these tips are also for Normal ducks only.

3) Remember, PHYSICALLY train your duck as well as mentally. If you have to,
you must buy Weighlifting equipment for your duck. Those who want to have a
duck for hard labour should seriously consider this.

4) You shouldn't expect too much from your duck. Ducks may be extroidinarily
intelligent and strong, but don't OVER do it. Do not attempt to have him build
a nucleur bomb <although it HAS been done before, Duck Intelligence reports
that Einstein worked with a duck as a lab assistant..> nor should you attempt
to have a duck move your car out by picking it up <this has been done before
as well, Arnold S. (to protect his identity we will not say Schwartineiger,
and it's also cuz I can't spell Schwartzineiger) wanted t'move his car, but
couldn't, and it was stuck, so he had a duck do it for him> Remember, these
are rare exceptions, so do not over-estimate the power of your duck.

5) Have fun with your duck! Play with it daily, you will begin to see
substantial improvements in all areas if you do, because fun is like a boost
for a duck! Try and teach them mental games as well as physical. One of my
ducks favorite games is chess, the duck is a CHESS-MASTER! He beat Chess-
Master 2000 on Expert level, so I guess he's a bit better than me, but I'll
never let him know that <smile>


-------

Disclaimer: If you attempt to train a duck with this specifications, I am not
responsible for any insanity of the duck, death of said duck, or just the
training not working. No purchase nessecary. Batteries not included. And of
course, void where prohibited.

-------

All References to Spam/Chiapets/etc.. can be explained by reading MiLK #37,
The Guide to the Religion of the Spamibiterians.

-------

Remember, the only good duck, is a healthy duck!



Û           Û  [MiLK] Information
Û           Û
Û           Û  [MiLK] Sites: 
Û           Û
Û           Û  The Obloid Sphere..........(708)965-3098 [14,400]
Û²²²²²²²²²²²Û  
Û²²²²²²²²²²²Û  The Asylum.................(908)914-9318 [14,400]
Û²²²²²²²²²²²Û                             (NUP)    I LOVE FEDS
Û²²²²²²²²²²²Û  Violent Playground.........(908)920-2575 [14,400]
Û²²²²²²²²²²²Û  Black Dragon BBS...........(703)885-3072 [14,400]
ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ  ÄÄ> MiLK File #49: "The Big Book of Ducks" By Malakai <ÄÄÄ
               (This File Just wasted 7241 bytes of your hard drive)

