        ‹ ‹ ‹      Mighty           Issue #45
   ‹ ‹    € € ‹    illicit          "SLEEP"
  € ﬂ € € € €€     Liquid           -By Malakai
  ﬂ   ﬂ ﬂ ﬂ ﬂ ﬂ    Kollections                    
ƒ  ƒ -ƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒ
 
        Here I am at 4:30 putting my mental endurance to the test, when I've
come to think, "Why should I need sleep?" Well, the answer is simple... but
first we must discuss the sleeping habits of other people because this TFile
is NOT supposed to be about me, WHY? Because I choose not to and this is my
right as a citizen of the United States of Amerikaka. So there..

        I've always wondered why people get tired when they don't get 8 hours
of sleep or are up for more than 14 hours at a time. Personally, I've gone a
maximuim of 5 or 6 days without ANY sleep AT ALL. This was a test of both my
mental and physical endurance, as I suddenly became more of a moron than I'll
probably ever be. But anyway, there are a lot of different people out there in
this big fucked up world we live in and a lot of them LIKE to sleep, 
personally, I think it's a big waste of time, SO WHAT if our body needs rest, 
it can fuck'n sleep when I'm reading or something, all I need is my HANDS to 
hold the book and my fingers to turn the pages, THAT'S IT.. nothing more, 
nothing less. Well, besides my eyes, but they don't count. Or what about when 
I'm listening to music? Ok. So that is rest. But then again, when you're 
resting, you certainly aren't doing much of anything else, which is kind s
tupid, cuz you're sitting there sleeping and the world is going by and you 
don't give a damn cuz you're on Mr.Fluffy-ass-bed and you don't wanna get off 
it EVER.

        This leads me to another question.. Why do people like sleep? It may
relive stress on yourself sometimes, BUT what about when you have to cram? Gee,
sleep can be really fun then. You're up late reading about Polyuranthandic-
fibers for chemistry and then Mr.Sleep comes on and beats the shit out of you
with that sleepy sand shit and then you can't STUDY. Sleep is a plague, it's
been around all throughout time and I don't like it ONE bit. I mean, if I fall
asleep in the day, I feel bad cuz I did. Sure, when I'm sick I'll get an extra
HOUR or TWO.. but I don't need a whole fragg'n day <though I'll take one off if
it means missing a little school> to sleep and get better.

        And what happens when you sleep? DREAMS and/or nightmares... self-
induced hallucinations! This goes to show that sleep is in fact an incurable
disease. I've had some pretty fucked up dreams <but we'll save that for another
T-File> and I've had the DUMBEST nightmares <same T-File, I'm sure> and why?
All because I gave in to my physical needs and FELL ASLEEP. And what about all
those hours in life you spend rolling around trying to achieve this sickening
state? Like I wanna spend my nights rolling around whining queitly to myself
cuz I can't get to sleep.

        You know, though, as much as I hate sleep, I can say one thing.. it's
a very interesting thing to feel your mind just slowly slipping away as you
stay up longer.. and longer.. and longer. And do you know what? IT'S BETTER
THAT WAY! :)  I mean, I can write a lot better when I am a 'mindless' moron
then when I'm awake and alert.. mainly because I don't have access to my sub-
conscious or however the fuck you wanna put it when I'm awake, not to mention
that I'm more easily distracted when I can hear everything than when I can't
hear a semi's horn as it's right in front of me about to turn me int' the
world's most tired road kill. Drowsiness is the cheapest and BEST drug I have
ever used. Then again, I've never used any drugs because I don't need them, I
can just stay awake for 2 days and get the same effects.

        You know what's really fucked up? I know a few people who have this;
They never remember thier dreams, but when they are real tired reality just
starts to dwindle.. they begin to hallucinate. I don't know about this one,
because I've never hallucinated because I was tired <much less hallucinated
for any PHYSICAL reason- which includes drugs> I mean, people have had talks
with thier stuffed animals.. sleep is just so damned strange! Which reminds me,
I have the incredible urge to sleep right now, but you wanna know what? With
my TOWER of IRON <ok, foam rubber> will I am staying awake just long enough
to write this T-File.


        Ok, I'm am WAY the fuck off topic, but that's ok, I have an excuse, I
can say I was tired. AND I AM.. so ha. But anyway, I've seen a lot of habits,
each of them are kind of stupid because they all envolve sleep, but I guess
that's why they are called 'sleeping habits', now isn't it? :) <BTW; I am
tired, I wanna sleep>

        Type number one is the person who always has a tight sleeping schedule,
for this person, sleep is pretty much a ritual, and they do it day in and day
out and they are so oblivious to the fact it's quite monotinous that if you
told them what they were doing they'd break down and cry because thier lives
sucked because everything was the same as everything else and they'd become
boring people and face it, no one wants to talk to someone who's boring, so
don't tell these guys this cuz they'd go crazy and kill 20 people and then run
off to Mexico or Cuba or some shit like that.

        Type number two is the person who sleeps for 8 hours a day, but at any
given time. These people's control over thier own body are not great enough to
where that if they get less than 8 hours they are tired and only semi-coherant.
If you tell these people they are wimps, they would probably agree and say, but
I need my sleep. At which point, I would then vomit into a large can and toss
it ever so gently at the person who said this and prehaps do this more than
once because they should have control enough to withstand this evil and vile
thing that man calls sleep.

        Type number three is the person who sleeps when-ever they can because
they are bored, depressed, whatdafuckever. These people are the people who
make me wish I had a job. I mean, if I can stay up all day and all night being
as bored as fuck <I never get depressed.. ok ONCE in a BLUE MOON> and not go
to sleep for more than 4 hours, WHY CAN'T THEY? They sleep for a LONG time all
day because they don't have anything better to do but waste thier hours away
in thier beds because they don't have a job and they don't want to do anything
and stop me now before I go crazy and stab all of these people with a rusty,
blunt plastic spork.

        Type number four is like me, they sleep only when they feel they HAVE
to. This is usually because your body collapses into a heap and says, "Sleep
Mother Fucker or you're going to DIE" or just because it's 3 am and you need 
to get up at 6 am for Driver's Fuck'n ed or something. THESE people know how to
control thier own bodies and can force themselves to stay up for lengths at a
time. People usually call these people CRAZY or tell them that it's bad for
them. The only side-effect I see is that it makes me a better person! SO HA!
I usually sit there and say, "Well, it's worked for me" or some bull-shit like
that. But anyway, I'm gonna shut up about these guys now, too.

        Ok, so that's how I think sleep is. Did you know that we waste a THIRD
of our entire LIFE sleeping!? This IS LUDICRUOS! It makes me wanna HURL! I mean
just think, if we took a half of that third and spent it doing something GOOD
for someone, WE'D BE A GODDAMN BETTER PERSON! So that's what I am doing. I sleep
only after I KNOW the day is done and I can't possibly shove any more shit into
it. That's what I am urging you all to do! You must give up half your sleeping
time so that you can benifeit society. If you don't do this, than you are pry
not reading this because you are SLEEPING! SO WAKE UP.

Any complaints/letter bombs/hate mail/etc.. can be sent to me online.

This is Malakai.. going to.. NO! I CAN'T!... sleep... zzzz...



€           €  [MiLK] Information
€           €
€           €  [MiLK] Sites: 
€           €
€           €  The Obloid Sphere..........(708)965-3098 [14,400]
€≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€  CUM........................(708)961-1220 [14,400]
€≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€  The Asylum.................(908)914-9318 [14,400]
€≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€                             (NUP)    I LOVE FEDS
€≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€
€≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€  [MiLK] Issue #045 by Malakai
€€€€€€€€€€€€€  This file is Exactly 8622 bytes long

