€         €                       [MiLK]                          €         €
€         €                                                       €         €
€         €       Mighty                     Issue #17            €         €
€≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€       illicit                "Jest Fox: Part 1?"      €≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€
€≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€       Liquid                  By BLACK JUSTICE        €≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€
€≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€       Kollections                                     €≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€
€≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€                                                       €≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€
€€€€€€€€€€€                                                       €€€€€€€€€€€

        Well this is the first time I am writing for MiLK, so I hope you like 
this shit story.  Well at least I am no longer a Warez Freak!
        
                              Jest Fox : Part 1
        
        I sunk my teeth into another juicy Wabbit, as it kicked and moaned.
Everyday I kill at least 4 rabbits.  They are the best animals to kill for a
meal.  First because they are small.  Second because they can't run very fast.
And third of all, you can find them usually sitting under a tree chomping
on a carrot, except the Wank Bunny.  You can find it usually rolling around
with an orange.

        I am the Jest Fox.  In the dictionary Jest means..... Hold on, let
me get my Webster's New World Dictionary.  Ah, here we go:

        JEST (jest) n. [< L. gerere, perform]
         1. a mocking remark; taunt  2. a joke
         3. fun; joking  4. a thing to be laughed
         at  -vi.  1. to jeer  2. to joke

        Well, as you can see, before I kill my delicious rabbits for a meal,
I always tell them a joke.  I memorized a whole ton of them from the Truley
Tasteless Jokes Collection.  When ever I have nothing to do, I go to the book
store and start to read the joke books, but the store manager always kicks me
out because I drool all over the floor and the book.  Joke are my favorite.
Here I got one for you:  Why do gorillas have such big nostrils?  Just look
at the size of their finger.  He he.. I really like that one.  Well anyways
let me get on with the story.

        It was yesterday when the most scrumdiddlyumptious thing happened to
me.  I got up in the morning and went searching for a rabbit.  When I saw one
eating a carrot like usual, I sneeked up behind it and was about to sink my
teeth into it, but at that moment, It took a big poop on my face!  I couldn't
breath through my nose because the poop was clogging my nostrils and when I
tried to breath through my mouth, I could only breath in the smell that came
from the poop.  Well, since I couldn't really do anything, I did only thing I
could think of and that was to try and pick my nostrils with my claws.  I
stood there trying to dig a hole in the pile of poop that was filling up my
nose.  I was running out of oxygen.  And my claws couldn't pick the poop out
of my nose!  But then all of a sudden, just like a miracle, I sneezed the
biggest, slimiest sneeze you could sneeze and it felt great!  All the poop
shot right out of my nose and smacked the rabbit dead.  I went over to the
rabbit and looked at it.  It didn't move.  I was sure it was dead and was
about to devour it when I realized that if I ate the rabbit, I would also be
eating the poop that hit it.  I decided not to eat it, but I had to do
something about the poop stain that was smelling up my whole face.

        I ran into town and looked for a wet napkin or something like that.  
I was frantic.  Every where I went the so called humans were kicking me and
pinching their nostrils.  I saw a girl who had just walked out of Mc Donlads
with her new Sonic plastic, rip off toy that didn't work.  Her skirt was wet,
probably because she spilled some coke while she was eating.  I ran up to her
and shoved my nose on to her skirt.  All of a sudden her dad picked my up by 
my tail and smashed me on to the sidewalk.  Then he kicked me and threw me out
into the middle of the street where a car ran over me.
        
        I was falling, falling, falling, then SMASH!  I hit the ground like a
pancake being smashed by a frypan.

        I had two burning questions.  Where was I and um,.... O.K. fine one 
burning question. 

 ƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒ[MiLK] Informationƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒ

[MiLK] Sights - WHQ -   Barney's Pleasure Palace!       (708)965-3098
                DiSt-   The Lunatic Phringe             (708)232-0565
                        Entropy                         (708)205-0935                
                        Mech World                      (708)757-0116


[MiLK] Member Listing -         James Hetfield
                                Nyarlathotep
                                Epic
                                Plaid Wilderbeast
                                Mendeleev
                                Medicine Man
                                Black Justice

[MiLK] Issue Number -   17
[MiLK] Issue Size -     5184 Bytes
[MiLK] Date of Production:      3/12/93

ƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒo O o O o O o O o O o O o Oƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒ

