        Ü Ü Ü      Mighty           Issue #41
   Ü Ü    Û Û Ü    illicit          "How to FLY!"
  Û ß Û Û Û ÛÛ     Liquid           -By King Krazy
  ß   ß ß ß ß ß    Kollections                    
Ä  Ä -ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
 
        The title may propose that this little ditty that I wrote is
rather boring and subliminal, but it is not. We tap deep into the brain
that we call the imagination. While reading this remeber to use
you imagination in a more vivid way. I hope that you don't become insulted
by my views and ideas. For they are a vulgar display of text.

        Well flying is one thing that has boggled us for many centurys
and will boggle us for many more. This will tell your uniformed minds 
of how to fly and like it and become addicted to it. Flying is additive 
it makes you want to smoke weed. Many people can't fly because they are
way to high <in the sense of smoking, sucking, drinking, ect..> to fly 
thier mind is on other things. That is the first rule you must not smoke
weed or suck, drink, or inhale anything before flying or you will crash
and burn into a pile of ash.

        1. Don't get high before going to fly.

        Next, you must pick a place to fly from. This must be a place be
high in the air and must be a sloped surface twoard the earth. If it is not 
you will not succeed. Pick a steep hill or volcano they work best.

        2. Pick a good place.

        Also, In order to fly you must have wings. If you didn't know this
don't even think about flying because you are to massivly stupid. Well if 
you knew then you are in luck keep reading on. To get wings either:

A. Steal some high tech wings from the govenment.
B. Make your own high tech wings <sure>.
C. Don't make them and die.

I suggest stealing them from the govenment because they usually work the 
best. But if you can't make you own heres how. First, get some really 
heavy metal <perferably lead> and strap it to you arms if you have enough
glue it all to your body and see if you can walk. If you can keep reading.
Next, find a big huge beak. Rip it of a huge chicken but if you can't find
a huge chicken then make your own from paper products <of course not recycled
paper>. Tape that beak to your ass. You HEARD me tape it to your ass. You 
will understand later. Lastly, See if you can move if you can that is great
it helps to be able to move when you fly.

        3. Make a suit.

        Well here is the good part with all that shit on, go to your nearest
volcano or steep hill and run up to the top and stop and look down and think 
"do I really wanna do this". If you do then do it! Start to run backward down
the hill. That is why you put the beak on your ass. Get to the speed of 88
miles per hour then check your flux capacitor. Wait. Forget that. JUMP!

                                Stop Reading!!!!!

        After you did this you will probally not going to be able to read 
this because you are fucking dead. You stupid shithead. I hate you with a 
passion. There the reason I wrote this is beacuse I want people to kill 
themselves. So, if you did I am proud that I accomplished something in
my pathetic life. 


Û           Û  [MiLK] Information
Û           Û
Û           Û  [MiLK] Sites: 
Û           Û
Û           Û  The Obloid Sphere..........(708)965-3098 [14,400]
Û²²²²²²²²²²²Û  CUM........................(708)961-1220 [14,400]
Û²²²²²²²²²²²Û  The Asylum.................(908)914-9318 [14,400]
Û²²²²²²²²²²²Û                             (NUP)    I LOVE FEDS
Û²²²²²²²²²²²Û
Û²²²²²²²²²²²Û  [MiLK] Issue #041, "How to FLY!" by King Krazy 
ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ  This file is Exactly 3760 bytes long

