        Ü Ü Ü      Mighty           Issue #59
   Ü Ü    Û Û Ü    illicit          "My greatest Writing Ever"
  Û ß Û Û Û ÛÛ     Liquid           -By James Hetfield
  ß   ß ß ß ß ß    Kollections                    
Ä  Ä -ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
 
                          My Childhood Memory

    I remember when me and my mother went to the Florida Keys.  I love my
mother.  She is the nicest mother in the world.  I love her because she is
there for me when I need her.  I don't think there will ever be a nicer
person than she.  This was last summer.  Last summer was great.  I loved
last summer because the Cubs won the pennant.  First, we drove though five
stats to get to Florida.  These states were beautiful, but most of them were 
not as nice as Morton Grove, IL.. I love Morton Grove, Il. Because it is a
peaseful little town.  Then, we had to drive though a large swamp to get to
the keys.  This swamp was fantastic.  I loved this swamp.  I loved the swamp 
because it is adventurous.  It is adventurous because the corcadiles can eat 
you whole.  I don't think any other swamp is better than this one.  Next, we 
drove over the Seven-Mile Bridge.  This bridge was very elegant, but I think 
it is a waste of tax-payer's money.  I think it is a waste of tax-payer's
money because they could just not have built it.  They could have people use 
a ferry.  Finally, we got to the keys.  The keys were crowded, but
wonderful.  I love the keys because they are different from Illinois.  They
are different from Illinois because of the scenery.  That was about my trip
to Florida.  I loved it.  I loved it because Florida is the most beautiful
place in the world.  It is the most beautiful place in the world because of
the elegant palm trees.
    This was last summer.  It was the year 1989.  I loved that year.  It was 
a great year because of the Cubs winning the pennent.  I don't think there
will be a year like that ever again.  We departed and arrived home in
August.  August was a great month.  My mother's birthday is in August.  I
don't think there is any other month better than August(except for December. 
 I love December.  I don't think there is a better month than December. 
Cristmas is in December.  I love Cristmas because of all the presents I get
at Cristmas.  Cristmas is great.  I don't think there is any better holoday
then Cristmas.  Except for my mother's birthday, because I love my mother.)  
It was the year of the Dragon.  I love dragons.  I love dragons because
there green, and green is my favorite color.  The trip was great.  The trip
was great because I was with my mother, and I love my mother so much.
    We drove though five stats to get to Florida.  One of them was Indiana.  
Indiana is a wreched state.  I hate Indiana.  I hate Indiana because of all
the air pollution.  Another was Kentucky.  Kentucky is a dispicible state. 
I hated what I saw of it because I hate bluegrass music.  we went through
Tennessee, too.  Tennessee is a pitiful excuse of a state because I can't
stand country music.  I hate Tennessee.  We even went through Georgia. 
Georgia is a excellent state.  I love Georgia.  I love Georgia because of
the music there is normal.  We went though four states to make it to
Florida.  I love Florida.  Florida is a great state.  Three of them are
pathedic excuses of states.  The states are pathedic excuses of states
becauase the music in them is bad.  
    We had to drive through a large swamp to get to the keys.  It was called 
The Everglades.  I love swamps.  Swamps are the best because of the danger
in them.  It was adventurous.  The long roadt though there was dark, and if
your car broke down, there were no gas stations for miles.  I hate cars. 
They cause air pollution.  I think cars should be destroyed.  We could hear
many animals, even alagators, in the swamp.  I love animals.  I have many
animals as pets.  I t was a long drive through the swamp.  
    We drove over the Seven-Mile Bridge.  I feel this bridge is a waste of
tax-payer's money.  I think they could of just had a ferry there.  This is
the largest bridge in the world.  It connects the keys Marathon and Key
West.  There is barly any extra space on the brige, so if a car broke down
 others could barly bet by it.  The bridge had a nice view, though.  It is a 
pretty bridge to drive over.  But I still think it is a waste of tax-payer's 
money.
    Finally, we got to the keys.  These were a disappointment to what I had
imagened.  They were a disappointment because they were overcrowded.  We
went to fancy restraunts.  I had some satisfactory foot at these restraunts. 
 We went on a small plant tour around the Keys.  We went to some beautiful
beaches.  They beaches were beautiful because of the white sand.  We went
fishing.  I like fishing because it is very peaceful.  My mother bough me a
bird.  I still have it to this day.  I love my bird, there's no better bird
in the world, I think.  I love my bird because it is so funny.  It does like 
a circle in the cage.  That is what we did at the keys.  
    My trip to Florida was apleasent one.  I liked the trip.  I think it was 
the best vacation I ever had becuase of all the fun I had.  We drove throuhg 
four stats to get to Florida.  I hated three of the states.  We drove
through the Everglades.  The Everglades are a swamp.  I like swamps. 
They're so natural.  We drove over the Seven-Mile Bridge.  Bridges are a
waste of tax-payer's money.  Finally, we got to the keys.  I thought the
keys were satisfactory.  I liked the trip to Florida.  Overall, I thought it 
was a very satisfactory trip.

-----

    This was an essay I wrote in the 7th Grade that I recently found lying
around the house... You might not see the humor in this unless you have ever 
picked up something you wrote a long time ago and laughed at it.


Û           Û  [MiLK] Information
Û           Û
Û           Û  [MiLK] Sites: 
Û           Û
Û           Û  The Obloid Sphere..........(708)965-3098 [14,400]
Û²²²²²²²²²²²Û  
Û²²²²²²²²²²²Û  The Asylum.................(908)914-9318 [14,400]
Û²²²²²²²²²²²Û                             (NUP)    I LOVE FEDS
Û²²²²²²²²²²²Û  Violent Playground.........(908)920-2575 [14,400]
Û²²²²²²²²²²²Û  Black Dragon BBS...........(703)885-3072 [14,400]
ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ  ÄÄ> MiLK File #59: "My Best Writing Ever" <ÄÄÄ
               (This File Just wasted 6548 bytes of your hard drive)

