€€€€€                         ﬂ  ﬂ ﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂ›
€      ≤   ≤                                                                 ›
€      ≤≤ ≤≤                         Mighty Illicit Liquid Kollections       ›
€      ≤ ≤ ≤  ≤  ≤                                                           ›
€€€€€  ≤   ≤     ≤     ≤  ≤                                                  ›
       ≤   ≤  ≤  ≤     ≤ ≤  €€€€€      File #035: "The Feeding"              ›
              ≤  ≤     ≤≤       €                                            ›
                 ≤≤≤≤≤ ≤ ≤      €                  -By James Hetfield        ›
                       ≤  ≤     €                                            ›
                            €€€€€                                            ›
                                                                           
 
        John was a lonely little boy.  He sat around at night in the park
by his house wondering what it would really be like to have a girl of his
very own.  His very own girlfriend.  He had always had problems talking to
females, he always would stare at their breasts.  They usually would notice
this fact, girls having instinct to wonder about a guy that looks at them
right below eye level, and not take him seriously.  Also, John wasn't that
much of a looker, so not having physical or social skills, John was basically
left out of the high school dating scene.  Little did John know, however, 
that this night would change his life forever.

        John was sitting on the park bench, watching the moon and the stars
begin to shine out from under a cloud covering.  His mind began to wander, 
questioning the fact of whether or not he would ever get laid in his lifetime.
A cold hand gripped his shoulder, making him jump a foot into the air.  He 
found himself looking into the eyes of one of the most erotic women he had 
ever laid eyes on.  In the pale moonlight, he could barely make out her facial
features, which he found no flaws in whatsoever.  Her dark brown hair was
being thrown around by the wind.  Her lips were just slightly open, as if 
anticipating speaking.  

        "Hello", she said in a low, sultry voice, "I'm sorry if I startled 
you."

        John backed up to take in her form a little more closely.  She had a
trim figure, and was wearing a jacket that clung quite tightly to her waist.
Her jeans were skin tight, leaving nothing to the imagination about her long
legs and curvacious thighs.  She wore black army boots.  He glanced back 
upward to take her breasts into full view.  Even under the jacket covering, 
she seemed quite perky.  Her breasts stood out so strongly John wondered what
kind of bra she was wearing, purhaps a padded.  Yes, John assured himself,
she must be wearing padding.  Nothing this good looking can actually exist.

        "Are you all right?"  The woman questioned, as would most people 
question after a male stares at you for 30 seconds right after being startled
half to death.

        "Yes, I'm... I'm fine" John squeeked through his pre-pubescant 
cracking voice box.  

        "I didn't mean to frighten you... I only meant to ask if I could sit
here..." She said while slowly approaching John, bringing John's arousal level
to greater heights. 

        Getting himself together, John said it was perfectly all right with
him if she sat there also.  He calmly sat back down, and the woman joined him
on the small park bench.  John could feel her warmth near him as he tried
not to look in her direction, staring once again up at the moon.

        "It's a beautiful night out, wouldn't you agree?"  The woman whispered
into John's ear.  

        "Yea.. Yes.  Yes it is."  John said, feeling a sweat break out on 
his face and chest.

        John instinctively felt the woman's breath get closer to him as he
tried nerviously to concentrate on the stars.  "All right, John," he thought 
to himself,"this is your big chance, you could actually get a good fuck for 
the first time of your life, and what are you doing, but looking up at the 
stars? Grab this chick while you have the chance, John, do it!"  

        John mustered up the courage to look at the girl, who was staring
intently at him with a small smirk on her face.  John nearly fell out of his
seat when he stared into her eyes to find them to be yellow.  Yellow eyes was
not a sight John had ever witnessed before.  John questioned if he was losing
his mind or not, but deicided to forget about the strange eye color, it was
not a big issue with him the color of this girl's eyes, all he wanted to do was
get into her pants as quickly as possible.

        The woman, smiling away, made the first move.  She slowly brought her
hand up to John's face and began to caress him slowly.  John was too amazed
and aroused by this movement that he couldn't even move.  He just sat there
staring at her.  She leaned over and kissed John lightly on the lips, holding
the kiss for what seemed to John as eternity (in heaven).  John found the 
woman's lips to be cold, but he figured it had to do with the weather, and
he was just too horny at this point to care either way about little details
like this.

        She pulled back, stared at him smiling, and then went towards him 
again.  This time she was forceful with her lips, demanding satisfaction.
Her hand roamed all over John's chest as she nibbled on John's upper lip.
John just tried to relax and let his body respond to her, and with that he
traveled her back and hair with his hands.  The woman's lips intensified, now
working with higher speeds.  She slowly unzipped John's jacket and lifted up
his shirt to feel his not-so-masculine torso area.  She was not phased by 
this, however, and continued to fondle his body.  She soon got down to his 
jeans and unbuttoned his button-fly.  (John had very little fashion sense, and 
since he saw the most good looking girls on the button-fly commercials, he had 
decided this would be his best bet in jean purchasing).  She stroked up and 
down his already quite hard shaft, bringing a wave of energy though John's 
body as if he was just about to boil over in her hand right then.  Her lips 
moved down to his neck and began to nibble playfully at his neck, simply 
driving him insane.  Her hand was doing quite a number on his shaft now, 
jerking him off at such a rate it was amazing that his skin didn't rip right 
then.  John was in such a stupor of horniness, about to cum all over himself 
and this woman, he didn't notice her nibbling on his neck was getting a little 
violent.  John closed his eyes and moaned in grave approval as spasms went 
through his body, covering his jacket and the woman's arm in semen after each 
jerk.  The woman moaned loudly as she suddenly chomped into John's exposed 
neck.  John screamed in half pain, half pleasure as his blood went pouring 
into the woman's mouth.  John was too stimulated by the scene to think anything 
of it but just lay there and enjoy the feeling of all the blood leaving his 
body.  In fact, right before he went unconcious, he thought about how this was 
the best way he could have imagined ever ending his childhood.  Little did he 
know he would never wake up.  

----------------

        Neil picked up the paper.  "Boy found dead; blood sucked out of 
entire body" the headline read.  He knew it was going to be a long day.
This was the first case he has noticed in a quite long time that has
found its way into the newspaper, which means it's a big case, which
means it's going to be a long day. 
        
        Neil grabbed his extra-large coffee mug and headed out to the 
office.

----------------

        Joel had been tracking down this woman for almost 3 months now.  Every
time he got close to her, she'd for some reason lay low for a while and Joel
would never catch on to her.  Joel, by trade, is a vampire hunter.  The only
way he makes money is donations from the families of the victims, but this
case in particular was a special one to him.  He was determined to catch this
woman.

        Joel woke up that morning to read the headline about the boy that 
was found without a drop of blood left inside him.  Joel smiled in 
anticipation of what the night shall bring.  He was going to get this one
finally, after 3 months of tracking it down from state to state.

        Joel filled his car, a Chevy Beretta, quite stylish to most people, 
but a moble vampire destruction item to Joel.  Joel filled it with his 
favorite garlics, his most lethal stakes, plenty of holy water, mirrors, 
silver crosses, every little trinket he could get his hands on he had ready
at his disposal.

---------------

        Greg sat by the side of the dock, staring down at the sun that was
slowly coming up.  He had been here for an hour and a half and not a single
bite had occured on his set of minnows.  But Greg was patient, and he knew
that today was going to be his lucky day.  His fishing had been in quite a 
slump as of late, but today's weather conditions were just right for fishing.
A storm front was approaching quickly, meaning the fish would be anxious for 
food.  

        A STRIKE!  The line was quickly reeled in, but not too quickly as 
to risk breaking the line.  Quite a fight was put up, but finally, after the
long struggle, the prey was held up to be examined.  This one looked healthy.
Yes, oh yes, it was quite a catch.  

        The line was removed from the writing prey, leaving it on the ground
flopping around and twitching.  The woman put Greg out of his misery; She
quickly chomped into Greg and sucked all life out of him.  Her shot had been
perfect - She had hit Greg with her harpoon gun right in the middle of the
chest.  She dropped the body into the water, hoping the fish would have quite
a feast with him.  

        She felt more powerful than she had in quite a long time.  She was
well-nourished, and ready to really cause quite a stir with the natives.  She
ran off into the woods as quickly as she had appeared.

---------------

        Listening to the police scanner, Joel learned about a dead body found
right off the lakefront.  This was the lead Joel expected; He knew exactly 
where to find her.  He imagined her coffin to be somewhere hidden in the 
forest right by the lake.  Therefore, this is where Joel traveled to.

        He traveled through the woods for hours, backpack full of little 
goodies at his disposal, but to no avail.  He did not find what he was looking
for in the slightest.  He was just about to give up when he came upon a small
cave.

        A cave!  Now THIS was what Joel expected!  He pulled out one of his
Bibles, donned his Garlic necklace and his Silver cross necklace, pulled out
a fresh wooden stake, and entered.  

        The cave was cold, dark, and damp.  It fitted the typical cave 
description.  There were no bats, however, so it wasn't really that typical
of a vampire story cave.  He slowly proceeded down the dark tunnels, until 
he finally came to a clearing.  

        This part of the cave was so dark, that Joel had to pull out a 
trusty lantern to see what was around him.  When lit, he did not exactly find
what he was expecting.  There was a giant pool in the middle of this cave.  
The light reflected off the water in eerie shapes and forms, meaning that
there were definately shapes moving around in the water.  Well, Joel thought
to himself, this is certainly not where the vampire is staying.  Joel turned
around to leave...

        But the woman was standing in the tunnelway, leaning against the side,
smiling broadly.  Joel quickly pulled out his bible and put it in clear view
of the woman, who did not flinch at this fact.  

        "Who are you?  And why are you here?"  Joel demanded of her.

        She chuckled a little at his tone of voice, clearly understanding
who was in charge of this situation.  "My name", she replied, "Is Kase.  
And I am here because I live here.  But what about you?"

        Joel did not have a chance to answer her, because Kase quickly walked
toward him.  Joel stared into her eyes and found them to be a shade of yellow.
  He quickly grabbed her and threw her into the pool.  Relieved, Joel looked
somewhat causiously into the pool, stake drawn and ready.

        Kase got out of the pool, looking quite happy that she was now 
drenched in water.  She then lunged at Joel, who quickly trust the Stake into
Kase's chest.  Kase grumbled in pain, pulled the stake out, and tossed it 
aside.  She then bit into Joel's neck, the neck that was supposedly protected
by Nature and God.  She drank only enough of Joel's blood to render him 
unconscious, then she dragged him into the pool.  She smiled as she saw the
shadow of Joel's body be covered by long, dark, black shapes.

---------------

        Neil was really pissed off.  Neil wasn't just pissed off, he was
really fucking mad.  The Dominick's by his house was out of Eggplants.  How
in The Lord's name are you to survive without a few good Eggplants?  Quite
disgruntled, Neil left the store with a few packs of Mentos (The freshmaker!)
and a copy of the Weekly World News.

        Neil drove away in the direction of the lakefront.  If nothing else,
Neil thought to himself, at least he can watch some seagulls fly over the
lake.  Neil always liked Seagulls.  And, he bet, the Dominick's by the lake
has Eggplants.

---------------

        Even within the ranks, there is always dissention.  Somebody always
wants to be more powerful than everyone else.  Such is the case here, or shall
we say, such is the Kase.

        Kase felt a gnawing at her back, and looked over her shoulder to find
one of her minions, Brian, attempting to kill her from behind.  Unfortuneatly
for Brian, Kase had fed three times in the last twenty-four hours, and was
a little too strong for Brian to bear.  She shrugged Brian aside and commenced
to beat the living shit out of him.  By the end of this little struggle, 
Brian was just a little pile of flesh lying in the corner of the cave.

---------------

        Neil stepped out onto the beach, happy as ever.  After 6 hours of 
consumer shopping, he finally found the cheapest Eggplants available at 
Treasure Island in Wilmette.  Now he was lying down on the beach, watching the
sun set, Mentos in hand, ready to be slurped down, and a fresh bag of 
Eggplants to add to the mood.  Seagulls raced over the lake, calling out to 
their friends.  Everything was just oh so picturesque.  

        Until something odd happened.  

        Neil felt a painful pain in his back.  Mainly and partly because of
a foot that went crashing into his back.  That's right, someone just kicked
Neil in the back.

        "Give me... Give me those Eggplants!"  Kase screamed at Neil.

        Neil, quite surprized at this, put down his copy of the Weekly World
News and looked up at this person.  What his eyes saw he will never forget.
The woman standing above him, soaking wet, and really pissed off, make Neil's
heart flutter around in a little dance that could be compared to The 
Charleston.  Or maybe the Tango, depending on whether or not the Heart was
still connected to all the veins and arteries around it.  

        (Author's Note:  If you are not a believer of Love on first Sight,
please suspend your disbelief for the moment.  The storyline needs this to 
work.)

        "GIVE ME THOSE EGGPLANTS!" She screamed once again.

        Neil blinked out of the daze for a moment to listen to what the 
woman was screaming about.  He then realized that this was a woman that had
kicked him and now wanted his eggplants.

        "No! They're My eggplants!"  He replied, now quite angry because the
pain in his side was bothering him quite a bit.  

        Kase could not hold the little bit of composure she had any longer.
She wanted the eggplants and wanted them now.  The only problem was when
Kase gets as flustered as she was at this moment, she loses the current form
that she was in to her original form.  Slowly, the skin took the slimy, black
shape it was used to.  Kase's arms and legs disappeared.  Her mouth widened 
and showed the large, sharp teeth.  Finally, as the transformation finished,
she toppled over onto the sand.

        Neil, watching this feat, quickly got up to his feat and grabbed all
his belongings.  He kept creeping away as the quite angry lamprey kept 
sliding around following him wherever he went.  To keep her occupied, he 
tossed her an eggplant.  She quickly took the eggplant in her mouth, seemingly
cradling it, as if to protect it.  Neil tossed her another one, and she did 
the same with it.  He kept up this process until there were 6 eggplants in her
mouth.  Kase kept following him, however.  

        Neil suddenly kicked Kase right in the mouth.  The kick didn't hurt
Kase too much, but it crammed the Eggplants down her throat far enough to
make her choke on them.  He continued to ram eggplants down her throat until
she choked to death.

        Neil, impressed by this new variant on lamprey, quickly scribbled its
characteristics on a little notepad for the next update of his Field Guide To
Lampreys, which he puts out every so often.  

        You see, Neil, in trade, is a lamprey hunter.  He does this kind of 
thing every day.  Where normal mortal men fall to the attacks of the lampreys,
Neil triumphs and documents his findings in a journal in ensure that the rest
of the human world will someday also be able to protect themselves from these
vile beasts.  

        Neil noticed an interesting fact about this lamprey; It was about 
the perfect size to be attached the the hood of his car, offically dubbing his
car as "The Lampreymobile".  He did a little painting on the lamprey, making
it look more blood stained than it really was, and attached it to the top
of his car.  Neil finished watching the sunset, ate the last of his Mentos
(the freshmaker!), got in his car, and drove off into the distance....


€           €  [MiLK] Information
€           €
€           €  [MiLK] Sites: 
€           €
€           €  Barney's Pleasure Palace...(708)965-3098 [14,400]
€≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€  CUM........................(708)961-1220 [14,400]
€≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€  The Acropolis..............(708)557-2826 [14,400]
€≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€  
€≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€
€≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€  [MiLK] Issue #035, "The Feeding" By James Hetfield
€€€€€€€€€€€€€  This file is Exactly 18775 bytes long

