€         €                       [MiLK]                          €         €
€         €                                                       €         €
€         €       Mighty                     Issue #21            €         €
€≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€       illicit                "Faces in the Halls"     €≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€
€≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€       Liquid                   By James Hetfield      €≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€
€≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€       Kollections                                     €≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€
€≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€                                                       €≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€
€€€€€€€€€€€                                                       €€€€€€€€€€€


        How insignifigant we really are...
        How petty our lives truely become...
        We are born into a world where we are in contact with only a few 
select few; we call these few our friends, our relatives.  Sooner or later,
we have the opportunity to take on education;  to "broaden" ourselves.  At
the same time we meet a lot of new faces, and forget a lot of old faces.  We
become more so called "intelligent" because we are more educated.  Well it's 
all a lie.  We are most intelligent when we are ignorant of reality.  This 
may seem hypocritical, but ponder this for a moment:

        When we first enter schooling, we know and learn about a handful of
people our age.  We are told about the vast number of people out there, but 
we don't understand the importance of it; we are ignorant, lost in our own
self being.  We enter junior high and the people we know grow threefold.  Yet
we are still so caught up in the petty problems we go through day by day to 
question our existense.  Then a child hits high school; The reality check of 
education.  Chances are you are like me, and only even know one-fourth of the
population of the school.  The rest are just "Faces in the Halls".  Only 25%
of the school even KNOWS me!  Then, you graduate high school.  Most will live
on without acknowledging their igsignifigance, but a mere few, like me, will
realize that it is all but too late for us.  After high school, only a couple
of your closest friends will remember of your existense. (without the help
of yearbooks, that is.  My defination of a yearbook - An item consisting of
many memories that will not benefit a person in the slightest in the future).
Finally, the end nears.  You enter "The Real World".  A place where you are
more of a slave to society, to the machine, than a person.  Maybe you prolong
your trip to this lifetime of agony by going to college.  You are simply
paying the piper to prolong your innocense.  Then, when you are upon the gates
of the real world, where you can see the daemons scratching away at your 
cloths to get to your checkbook, you will finally truely realize something;
You are just a speck of dust on a table, with vaccuums approaching from every
direction, attempting to suck you up.  There will be no place to run to now...
You cannot hide from it... Your mother's wing which used to shelter you has
been twister, broken, and ripped out by the daemons that drool while gazing
at you this moment... All you can do is carry on, as the bleeding from the 
claw marks dull your thoughts, as the manical laughter echoes trhough your 
head, as the head arises from the ground.  Nothing can save you now... only
one thing has stalled you from arriving at this fate; Hope.  Alas, hope is an
ignorant virtue, and can only be held by those with childish minds... you are
the intellectual, the elite... and look what it has brought you!




ƒƒƒƒƒ [MiLK] Information ƒƒƒƒƒ

Sites:  
        Barney's Pleasure Palace        -7o8- 965.3o98  -World Headquarters-
        Mech World                      -7o8- 757.o116  -South Side DiSt-
        The Acropolis                   -7o8- 557.2826  -WeSt Side DiSt-
        Lunitic Phringe                 -7o8- 232.o565  -Chat DiSt-

Member LiSt:

James Hetfield  Nyarlathotep    Epic    
Mendeleev       Medicine Man    Plaid Wilderbeast
Black Justice   Igor Shimsky    Stash

File Number 022
File Size 4149 Bytes

ƒƒƒƒƒ -Type Format C: to Continue- ƒƒƒƒƒ
