        ‹ ‹ ‹      Mighty           Issue #40
   ‹ ‹    € € ‹    illicit          "The [MiLK] Guide to Atari"
  € ﬂ € € € €€     Liquid           -By Atari John
  ﬂ   ﬂ ﬂ ﬂ ﬂ ﬂ    Kollections                    
ƒ  ƒ -ƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒ

        Hey guys, this is Atari John here, and boy do I have the issue for
you!  in this issue i will go through and rate all your favorite atari games
by sexual potency!  i hope you like it!

Galaga - The pilot from Galaga has the longest penis of any Atari game
         available!  And boy, does he know how to use it, too!  There was
         this one night I was dreaming about being out in space shooting
         those nasty insect looking things and the pilot grabs me from 
         behind in the ship and brings me into the back and we have long,
         hot, passionate sex until I woke up!  The best dream i ever had!

ƒƒƒƒƒ Atari John's Rating> 10

Rampage - I've always had this secret fantasy to fuck the monkey from
          rampage up the ass!  I always wanted to take my little stubby
          penis and ram him good and hard!  Sometimes i daydream that one
          day while I was playing i would be one of the little people running
          around and he'd pick me up and give me a blowjob!

ƒƒƒƒƒ Atari John's Rating> 9

Pitfall - of COURSE the guy from pitfall is good in bed!  I mean, anyone that
          can swing from vine to vine must have something going right!  The
          only problem with Pitfall is he'll only have sex with you if you
          give him a money bag or a pile of gold

ƒƒƒƒƒ Atari John's Rating> 7

Pac-Man - Pac-Man gives really good blowjobs!  but otherwise he isn't that
          great.  considering he doesn't have legs or a penis.

ƒƒƒƒƒ Atari John's Rating> 6

Indiana Jones - Indiana Jones just isn't that great.  he's too easy.  All you
                have to do is find the stupid ankh and shovel and you've 
                already got him undressing.  there's no foreplay with him :(

ƒƒƒƒƒ Atari John's Rating> 4

Space Invaders - no fun.  the aliens don't have sex organs like we do. 

ƒƒƒƒƒ Atari John's Rating> 1

Ms. Pac-Man - Just like pac man, only difference is her lipstick gets all 
              over your penis.  if you like that stuff, i guess its a plus,
              but i like my penis nice and cleean

ƒƒƒƒƒ Atari John's Rating> 5

Asteroids - the asteroids have no genetalia to play with.  and all they do
            is bruise you all over.

ƒƒƒƒƒ Atari John's Rating> 2

Burger Time - now this is a chef that knows how to cook his meat!  This is 
              also one of the most kinky atari characters, because he uses
              pepper in every sexual situation possible

ƒƒƒƒƒ Atari John's Rating> 7

Kaboom - if you don't remember this was the game you used the paddles <!!> 
         and had to catch all the bombs.  it's pretty kinky too, but the 
         only problem it's kinda dangerous to screw under these circumstances

ƒƒƒƒƒ Atari John's Rating> 4

Atlantis - i only remember the name of this game so there were no horny men
           or women in it

ƒƒƒƒƒ Atari John's Rating> 2

Riddle of the Sphinx - in this game guys in loin cloths run after you with
                       rocks and big hard ons!  definately a game for the
                       masocists!

ƒƒƒƒƒ Atari John's Rating> 6

Missle Command - there's no one to fuck in this game

ƒƒƒƒƒ Atari John's Rating> 0

Combat - there's no one to fuck in this game either unless you count the 
         pilots of the tanks and planes and boats and they don't count cuz
         they're too busy to play poochie

ƒƒƒƒƒ Atari John's Rating> 1

Fishing - fish have always turned me on, and the guy in this game is just
          so cute!  but watch out for that shark, he'll bite your kaka off!

ƒƒƒƒƒ Atari John's Rating> 6

Boxing - what can i say, two guys beating on each other, what else makes for
         better foreplay?  the only problem is the graphics weren't good enuff
         to arouse me in this game

ƒƒƒƒƒ Atari John's Rating> 3

Adventure - this was the game where you were the knight and you had to find
            the flashing chalice!  but to get it you had to kill dragons and
            stay away from the bat.  well the dragons were horny and they
            all had HIV so you had to run away from them!  it was a great
            game but i would have liked it better if at the end you got to 
            fuck a princess or something

ƒƒƒƒƒ Atari John's Rating> 5

Centipede - bugs aren't that arousing

ƒƒƒƒƒ Atari John's Rating> 2

Dig Dug - this is a game where you go around BLOWING (up) the bad guys!  what
          more can you ask for?  i used to like to blow them until they were
          to explode, then let them gradually calm down, then blow them again!
          i hope someone does that to me when i grow up!

ƒƒƒƒƒ Atari John's Rating> 9

Moon Patrol - its too bad you cant breathe outside your car otherwise i would
              have gotten it on with some moon chicks!  

ƒƒƒƒƒ Atari John's Rating> 4

Q-Bert - this guy's nose was just MADE for sticking your polish sausage into!
         and that snake guy can also make for some great butt slinging action!
         the little balls are much fun, but have YOU ever had sex on a little
         flying pad that is used to get to the top of the pyramid?  it's a 
         truely orgasmic experience!

ƒƒƒƒƒ Atari John's Rating> 8

Jawbreaker - everything in this game is too tough.  they all hurt too much
             to suck off. i dont like it

ƒƒƒƒƒ Atari John's Rating> 4

Mouse Trap - it's too bad it wasn't Gerbil Trap, then it would have been 
             a great game!  but i guess mouses are cool too but i never
             tried one they never want to go up there maybe if i stuck a 
             hunk of cheese up there 

ƒƒƒƒƒ Atari John's Rating> 5

Breakout! - the only good think about this game is the paddle makes for great
            spankings ohh hohhh whap ohh

ƒƒƒƒƒ Atari John's Rating> 3

Night Racer - i dont think the title came from that you drive fast, i always
              pictured a brunette driving that car that could blow and drive
              at the same time or maybe id drive and she'd be in my lap
              i dunno i guess im not creative enough

ƒƒƒƒƒ Atari John's Rating> 6

Tape Worm - or whatever this game was called, the one where you make the 
            lines but if you touch your or the other line you die... there
            weren't any things with sex organs in this game so it sucked too
            but not literally

ƒƒƒƒƒ Atari John's Rating> 2

Jungle Hunt - this guy was too active i think he was on steroids because no
              mortal man could do all that he did.. swing on vines swim and
              jump over boulders all without getting tired!  well i know for
              a fact he was on sterroids because his penis was all striveled
              up!

ƒƒƒƒƒ Atari John's Rating> 3

Hero - this guy wasn't really a hero in fact he was rather dissappointing

ƒƒƒƒƒ Atari John's Rating> 4

Donkey Kong - this is the first time we got to meat mario, the little stocky
              italian guy.  and you know what they say about italians... and
              you know what they say about stocky guys.. they always have
              big and thick ones!  i learned this from an experienced woman
              who doesnt like that kind but I sure do!  thick for me all the
              way!  anyway, this also has donkey kong in it!  and all monkeys
              are good in bed its a fact.  Ive always dreamed of sucking 
              mario off while donkey kong banged me from behind

ƒƒƒƒƒ Atari John's Rating> 10

Popeye - spinich certainly hasn't helped popeye's penis size.  but olive oil
         sure can twist herself into some great positions!

ƒƒƒƒƒ Atari John's Rating> 6

Defender - too many aliens without big penises

ƒƒƒƒƒ Atari John's Rating> 4

Frogger - i never liked toad cock and because of this id play the game just
          to get frogger smashed by a truck

ƒƒƒƒƒ Atari John's Rating> 2

Pole Position - i think the name says it all!  these guys really knew how
                to drive their sticks!  they liked to accelerate their way
                to a screaming climax as the checkered flag was insereted up
                their rectums oh oh babie

ƒƒƒƒƒ Atari John's Rating> 9

Zaxxon - i liked to rub my penis up against all the walls right before i hit
         them it was a fun game but i never was able to cum on one of them 
         there just isn't enough time

ƒƒƒƒƒ Atari John's Rating> 5


        well, that's about it for me this time!  check in again when i write
Atari John's guide to nintendo games!  and also look out for atari john's 
guide to mortal kombat - every position possible!  see ya!


€           €  [MiLK] Information
€           €
€           €  [MiLK] Sites: 
€           €
€           €  The Obloid Sphere..........(708)965-3098 [14,400]
€≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€  CUM........................(708)961-1220 [14,400]
€≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€  The Asylum.................(908)914-9318 [14,400]
€≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€                             (NUP)    I LOVE FEDS
€≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€
€≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€  [MiLK] Issue #040, "The [MiLK] Guide to Atari" by Atari John 
€€€€€€€€€€€€€  This file is Exactly 9625 bytes long

