Û         Û                       [MiLK]                          Û         Û
Û         Û                                                       Û         Û
Û         Û       Mighty                     Issue #20            Û         Û
Û²²²²²²²²²Û       illicit             "The Terrific Safety Pin"   Û²²²²²²²²²Û
Û²²²²²²²²²Û       Liquid                     By Epic              Û²²²²²²²²²Û
Û²²²²²²²²²Û       Kollections                                     Û²²²²²²²²²Û
Û²²²²²²²²²Û                                                       Û²²²²²²²²²Û
ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ                                                       ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ
         
         
         Safety pins are just way cool things. It would take a very wise man a
very long time thinking to realize just how way cool they are. How cool are
they, you ask? Well, they are WAY cool.

        Just think of all the fun things you could do with a safety pin of
your very own. Why, the possibilities are endless. Forget about going to the
mall, forget about going to concerts, forget about sitting at home picking your
nose in front of the computer, the miraculous safety pin will change your life.
It's amazing what that little twisted sinew of metal will do for your physical,
emotional, and social well-being. It's just fucking cool. Wear them on your
        clothes. They are especially good for replacing broken seams, or just
adding interest to a bland shirt, necklace, or even a sock. Put them in your
hair. Use them instead of shoelaces. I personally believe that the safety pin is
the most incredible thing in fashion since wooden clogs came on the scene. Aside
from decorations from normal clothing, these wonderful objects can be used in
just about any form of jewelry, ranging from earrings, to cock rings. And think
of the protective benefits from wearing safety pins! It is a little known fact
that in medieval times, they fashioned chain mail out of linked safety pins,
providing a protection from any arrow or blade superior to any other alloy.

        Chew on them for fulfillment. They are even tasty for an after-school
snack. Safety pins are very nutritious also, they have no sodium, no
cholesterol, no strychnine, no fat either! You can munch on your supply of
safety pins constantly for weeks with no ill effects. Think of the
possibilities! One large bag of safety pins could provide nourishment for
thousands of starving people!

        Even if you have a very turbulent stomach, the safety pin will not
unhook inside of you. They are so safe, they are used as discount tampons in
some third-world countries. How safe can you get? They are called SAFETY pins
for god's sake.  Keep them with you at all times to prevent anything bad from
happening.

        Safety pins will always insure your safety. Don't bother paying huge
premiums on insurance, safety pins will prevent car accidents, fires, and even
theft. Just the presence of something as cool as a safety pin will direct evil
away from you. That's right, no more freak blender or sprinkler accidents, no
more spilled milk. Safety pins will stop you from getting nicked with a razor
while shaving. They will also alert you of tampered Pepsi cans. It's worth so
much, to have this utter feeling of wholeness, completeness, and overall
security.

        The widespread use of safety pins could end virtually all of the
world's problems. Safety pins would put an end to corruption in governments
across our planet. Safety pins are the answer to the hole in the ozone layer.
With proper funding, safety pins could be used to successfully discover the cure
for herpes simplex, cancer, even AIDZ. Safety pins drastically reduce crime
rates everywhere. They would provide cheap housing for all of the homeless. They
could put young adults through college, and get them started onto a path of
fulfillment. Safety pins would end religious persecution, when everyone just
realizes how cool they are. Safety pins are even better than safety belts,
safety windows, and safety seals on medicine. I could go on for many more moons
on how safety pins will improve your life, but I'll let you take the plunge and
try them out for yourself. Your life will never be the same, and you will have
only the hinged messiah to thank.

        In conclusion, I would like to reiterate that safety pins are just cool.
I hope you enjoyed this badly written text, and I hope you are proud of how many
times I managed to use the word "safety" in it (31 to be exact). Rest well my
sweetcakes, and dream of a brighter tomorrow.

        MeaTZ aND GReeTZ go to the all of the following: My dear MiLK brothers,
Jyro, The American Spleen Foundation, Blonad, "j", the inventor of Ovaltine, and
of course, my deer-ly belove-ed... cya all


 ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ[MiLK] InformationÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

[MiLK] Sights - WHQ -   Barney's Pleasure Palace!       (708)965-3098
                DiSt-   The Lunatic Phringe             (708)232-0565
                        Mech World                      (708)757-0116
                        The Acropolis                   (708)557-2826
                        
[MiLK] Member Listing -         James Hetfield
                                Nyarlathotep
                                Epic
                                Plaid Wilderbeast
                                Mendeleev
                                Medicine Man
                                Black Justice

[MiLK] Issue Number -   20
[MiLK] Issue Size -     5712 Bytes
[MiLK] Date of Production:      3/12/93

ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ Long Live The Machine ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
