Û         Û                       [MiLK]                          Û         Û
Û         Û                                                       Û         Û
Û         Û       Mighty                     Issue #15            Û         Û
Û²²²²²²²²²Û       illicit              "Wank Bunny: Part II"      Û²²²²²²²²²Û
Û²²²²²²²²²Û       Liquid                 By James Hetfield        Û²²²²²²²²²Û
Û²²²²²²²²²Û       Kollections                                     Û²²²²²²²²²Û
Û²²²²²²²²²Û                                                       Û²²²²²²²²²Û
ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ                                                       ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ

        Yeah, I bet you really thought I was finished when I 
was in the jaws of that wolf, didn't you?  Actually, probably 
not, because if I wasn't I wouldn't be alive to tell you this 
story, now would I?  And by the way it is written, you know 
it's not divinly inspired, so I must still be alive to write 
it.  Now how bunny rabbits type out stories is a whole other 
story, which I might tell you some other time.
        There I was, about to be lunch, when suddenly this 
human runs up and kicks the wolf!  The wolf goes running away 
into the forest, whining the entire way!  I had never had a 
human HELP me before, so this was quite an inspiring act... 
they mught actually do good in this world after all!
        Well, this human was a female, just springing into her 
womanhood at the age of 21.  The other humans called her 
Nicole, but I just thought of her as my human friend, because 
I always thought the way that humans identify themselves is 
stupid anyways... it never tells you about them at all.  
        At this point I was bleeding quite a bit at the areas 
the jaws of the wolf was holding me.  My Human Friend took me 
into her house and put some stuff on the wounds that REALLY 
hurt, but they healed faster and didn't get all disgusting 
like wounds tend to do.  Then she put me into one of her human 
rooms and started talking into some platic thing... and then 
she yelled a lot and then cried! I don't know what was wrong 
with her, the plastic thing seemed to be talking back to her, 
but apparently not giving her the answers she wanted to hear.  
Finally, she put the plastic thing down, and after a few 
minutes of weeping, she looked at me.
        "You know, sometimes I wish I was like you.. you don't 
have the kind of problems we do..." she sighed.
        Yeah, humans are crazy.  They think they have it SO 
hard off... but THEY don't have to fight for their survival 
every day... THEY don't have to worry about the powers of 
nature attacking them, they have conquered it.  They just like 
to bitch a lot, I guess.  
        So anyways, after she said this she tossed me back 
outside, and closed the door behind her.  I guess she didn't 
want too much to do with me.  Well, I'm happy about that, I 
guess.  Humans are more of a pain then they're worth.
        So That's my story.  lately I've been thinking about 
writing myself a book or something, you know, about me.  What 
do you think?  would it sell?  Would people at least read it?  
maybe then you humans would understand *MY* problems.  I'll 
talk about all the hardships *I* go through in my life... So, 
watch for my book.  Out in your favorite bookstores soon... oh 
yeah! I almost forgot to tell you! My story about the 
bookkeeper!
        Ok, well, a few weeks after My Human Friend helped me 
out, I was hopping around the good ol' berbs of Chicago when I 
came upon this big building... it was right near the lake.. I 
don't remember what the humans called it, Krocks and 
Britannias or something, but there were a LOT of books in this 
place.  Me being the Enthusiastic learner I am hopped in to 
look around.  I played around on the big moving stairs and 
stuff for a while, and then noticed some humans playing around 
on them too!  All these people did were go up and down and up 
and down and over and over!  I didn't know humans played with 
their own inventions... I found them all very silly, to tell 
you the truth.  But I'll leave the story about THEM for 
another time... 
 ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ[MiLK] InformationÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

[MiLK] Sights - WHQ -   Barney's Pleasure Palace!       (708)965-3098
                DiSt-   The Lunatic Phringe             (708)232-0565
                        Entropy                         (708)205-0935                
                        Mech World                      (708)757-0116


[MiLK] Member Listing -         James Hetfield
                                Nyarlathotep
                                Epic
                                Plaid Wilderbeast
                                Mendeleev

[MiLK] Issue Number -   15
[MiLK] Issue Size -     4994 Bytes
[MiLK] Date of Production:      2/24/93

ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄPress ALT to activate menusÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

