        Ü Ü Ü      Mighty           Issue #54
   Ü Ü    Û Û Ü    illicit          "I'm Here To Make You Bleed"
  Û ß Û Û Û ÛÛ     Liquid           -By Frizzle Fry
  ß   ß ß ß ß ß    Kollections                    
Ä  Ä -ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

         I'm in your eyes, in your thoughts, in your bodies,
in your minds, in your souls, in your life, and in your death.
I'm in your breakfast cereals.  Everything becomes me.  
I am the Frizzle Fry.  
        Here I am, writing my first MiLK file.  There's been 
too much delay, its about time I got around to it.  Contrary 
to popular belief, lots of modem user have lives.  Scary, 
isn't it?  I suppose I could tell you something about myself, 
but that would be dumb, and boring.  I could tell you 
something about my friends, but that would be dumb and 
boring.  I could write a short story entitled "Trouble in the 
Bigsby House."  But that would require much more thought that I 
feel I need to use right now.  You see, I'm tired.  I went to 
Taco Bell tonight and ate too much.  I got sick.  I lost.  
What I'm going to do instead of all of the above mentioned 
ideas is just ramble on incohearently.  Maybe something 
humorous, thought provoking, or entertaining will come out.  
Maybe.  
        Fuck it, I'm gonna write a story that's not about a 
farm.
     
 
              "This Story Is Not About A Farm."   
                     
        Cecil grew up in a city.  A big one.  Really big.  
This city liked to go by the name of LotzacrimeVille.  That 
was because ever since the city was founded in 1745 it has had 
Lots Of Crime.  The man who founded the city was a train 
robber.  But, that doesn't make a diference cause it's 1994 
and Cecil didn't know that the city was founded by a trian 
robber.  He also didn't know that higher math didn't mean 
counting while holding your fingers above your head.  Cecil 
didn't know much at all.  But he did know that he didn't like 
crime.  Crime made him mad and it wasn't very much FUN.  Playing 
"Eat The Shoelaces" was FUN, crime was not.  Well, if Cecil 
knew what the word 'vigilantie' <one thing we should get 
strait now is that if you plan on reading my Tfiles, don't 
plan on reading words spelled correctly> meant he would know 
that he was one.  He went around foiling the evil crime doers 
dastardly deeds.  Well, one day Cecil was walking down the 
worst street in town named Bad St. looking for bad men doing 
bad things.  He came upon a bar that looked particularly nasty 
so he went in to find some wrong doings that needed righting.  
The first thing he saw was a woman pointing a gun at a man 
saying "Give me your wallet!"  Cecil put 1 and 1 together and 
got 3 but he knew that math didn't mean much in the world of 
crime fighting so he didn't care.  He did know that guns were 
bad and he didn't like bad things so he went over and kicked 
the lady in the face with his Dr. Martins that he heard were 
very fashionable and he just had to have a pair and she 
dropped the gun.  He picked up the gun, pointed it at the lady 
and said 'It's ok sir, you can go now, everything is safe."  
He chuckled and said "Thanks kid.." and scurried.. no, 
scurried sounds too.. rodent like.. and ambled <he was a 
cowboy> out of the bar.  The lady stood up and said "I'm a 
police officer.  That man was bad.  He does crime.  Give me my 
gun back."  So Cecil gave her gun back and went to jail.  And 
that is why this story is not about a farm. 



Û           Û  [MiLK] Information
Û           Û
Û           Û  [MiLK] Sites: 
Û           Û
Û           Û  The Obloid Sphere..........(708)965-3098 [14,400]
Û²²²²²²²²²²²Û  
Û²²²²²²²²²²²Û  The Asylum.................(908)914-9318 [14,400]
Û²²²²²²²²²²²Û                             (NUP)    I LOVE FEDS
Û²²²²²²²²²²²Û  Violent Playground.........(908)920-2575 [14,400]
Û²²²²²²²²²²²Û  Black Dragon BBS...........(703)885-3072 [14,400]
ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ  ÄÄ> MiLK File #54: "I'm Here to Make You Bleed" <ÄÄÄ
               (This File Just wasted 4162 bytes of your hard drive)

