Û         Û                       [MiLK]                          Û         Û
Û         Û                                                       Û         Û
Û         Û       Mighty                     Issue #18            Û         Û
Û²²²²²²²²²Û       illicit                   "Pete: Part ]["       Û²²²²²²²²²Û
Û²²²²²²²²²Û       Liquid                   By Nyarlathotep        Û²²²²²²²²²Û
Û²²²²²²²²²Û       Kollections                                     Û²²²²²²²²²Û
Û²²²²²²²²²Û                                                       Û²²²²²²²²²Û
ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ                                                       ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ

        As we left off, Pete was at Linda's house, enjoying a wonderful
grilled cheese sandwiche as they were waiting for the lampreys to
attack. Well that is now a bit behind us, as it is now  month later.
Pete and Linda have begun seeing each other on a regular basis (A
Lamprey hunting couple can mean nothing but trouble...), and most of the
time it involved Machetes and the rolling heads of diabolical, primitive
fish.
        On the Lamprey end of things, the lesser Land Lamprey company
leader who didn't kill Pete when He had a chance had since been
beheaded, as had the 2-headed Venemous Lamprey. Its now a 1-headed
Venemous Lamprey.
        In this chapter of the saga, we shall learn a bit more about
the evil Lampre Plan, see a death dealing Lamprey Hunting couple at
work, and learn the secret recipe for buttercakes. To this day I do not
know how Linda learned the method from Peacefrog, as far as I kn
ow they
don't know each other...
 
                      Pete 2: Tra-La-Lollipop
 
        Pete awoke to a cool breeze and carefully got out of bed, as to
not disturb Linda, sleeping peacefully next to him. No, they didn't
have sex, they just fell asleep together after a long day of lamprey
bashing.
        "Uh oh," he though, "Forgot to call mom and tell her Im
allright!. ARGH!!! She's probably worried sick!"
        He gave here a call, and sure enough she was going crazy
wondering where he was.
        "Im safe and at Linda's mom" said Pete.
        "Hmm, I don't know about you spending so much time with that
woman Pete.."
        "Mom, I'm not a little kid anymore!"
        "And spending the night, what would you father say?"
        "Mom! Listen, I'm grown up, I have my own life. I realize I
that up until recently I didnt make the really clear, but its true. I'm
sorry, but you're gonna have to accept it!"
        "Well, sweetie, remember that I'm always here for you" replied
Pete's mom, and she hung up.
        When Pete returned from making the call, he found Linda up and
about, cooking breakfast.
        "Buttercakes," she said. "You basically cook each pancake in its
own personal puddle of butter tastes great..."
        "Ya know, sometimes I wonder if you're trying to give me
 cholesterol poisoning." Pete joked.
        "Hey, you work hard hon, you need a treat every now and then!"
 
                *************************************
 
        Pete and Linda were going out on another expidition that day, to
try and locate the lamprey fortress where Pete was imprisoned last
month. He really didn't have any idea where it was, considering how fast
he ran, and the pressure he was under, but they figgured they might as
well give it a shot.
        The two spent all day walking through the woods, semi-automatic
shotguns at hand, on the lookout for their deadly foes. Finally near
dusk, Pete noticed a peculiar rock in the ground. When he went to
investigate it, it turned out to be a secret door. The fearless duo
descended the hole underneath via a sturdy rope.
        Linda ignited her flashlight when she reached the bottom, and
Pete soon did the same. The tunnel appeared to be of lamprey
architecture, and was barely large enuff for them to crawl through, not
a good position to be in the encounterd a patrol. Regardless, the two of
them crept through, machete's at hand.
        As luck would have it, they were actually in an air-duct, but
they did not know this. They crawled around it for around half an hour
before the came to a grill. Pete peered through it, and saw a room
with a table table filled with various classes of Lampreys. At one end
he saw what looked like the biggest Mental Lamprey  he had ever seen.
This thing was at least 6 feet long and 6 inches wide.
        Pete figured that he could kill around 50 lampreys with his
shotgun, but knew it would be futile, as it would bring the whole house
down on him and Linda. Instead he decided to listen to what was going on
down there. Linda crept up to listen as well.
        "... and as we have had so much succes with the Crystal Pepsi
Program, General, we have come up with a new plan." said one of the
Lampreys.
        "Excellent," said the large Mental Lamprey, "please go on
commander"
        "Well sir, it is along the same lines. We plan to introduce
another clear drink product, this time an alcoholic beverage. This
product we shall call Zima, and best of all, it shall taste good
to humans!"
        "Muahahahahahah! I like it!" thundered the Mental Lamprey.
        "Oh shit," thought Pete, "this sounds bad indeed. Perhaps if
we finish them all off now, the plan will not get out"
        "Linda," Pete wispered, "On my mark, open fire and kill as many
of those buggers as you can. Its gonna be a bitch to get out, but we
must try to save humanity!"
        "Sounds good to me"
        "One. Two. Three. FIRE!"
        The two hunters let loose a deadly volley of shotgun pellets,
ripping the amasses Lampreys to shred, sending blood and guts everywhere.
However they had time to sound the alarm.
        Pete and Linda began to flee down the tunnel, scrambling to reach
the vent to the surface, and safety.
 
 
 
        Will the heroic Duo make it out alive? Are there anymore recipes to
come? What's up with Pete's mom anyways? Stay tuned for more Lamprey
Hunting madness.
 ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ[MiLK] InformationÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

[MiLK] Sights - WHQ -   Barney's Pleasure Palace!       (708)965-3098
                DiSt-   The Lunatic Phringe             (708)232-0565
                        Entropy                         (708)205-0935                
                        Mech World                      (708)757-0116


[MiLK] Member Listing -         James Hetfield
                                Nyarlathotep
                                Epic
                                Plaid Wilderbeast
                                Mendeleev
                                Medicine Man
                                Black Justice

[MiLK] Issue Number -   18
[MiLK] Issue Size -     6948 Bytes
[MiLK] Date of Production:      3/12/93

ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄo O o O o O o O o O o O o OÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

