Û         Û                       [MiLK]                          Û         Û
Û         Û                                                       Û         Û
Û         Û       Mighty                     Issue # 4            Û         Û
Û²²²²²²²²²Û       illicit            "Are You Easily Influenced?" Û²²²²²²²²²Û
Û²²²²²²²²²Û       Liquid                      By Epic             Û²²²²²²²²²Û
Û²²²²²²²²²Û       Kollections                                     Û²²²²²²²²²Û
Û²²²²²²²²²Û                                                       Û²²²²²²²²²Û
ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ                                                       ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ

 
        Well, here I am, again, writing another file on this computer. This
same computer that my parents bought for me. Poor children living in poverty
don't have this computer, or any computer for that matter. They are lucky to
get a hold of a digital watch. You know why? Not because I'm any better or
more deserving then they are, but because my dad has a nice cushy job. Yes,
my father is an 'executive' at a 'corporation'. Which means, basically, that
he managed to swindle more money out of people then Jethro Poor Boy's daddy
did, and therefore, I have a computer.

        Is it right? No. Do I have a point? Yes. The point is, is that our
society today flat out sucks. Look around yourself. Maybe take a trip up to
your lovely shopping mall. Step into the arcade, and have a listen. You'll
hear screams of terror radiating from Terminator 2, see limbs being severed
in Time Killers, and you will also see little supposedly innocent kids beating
the shit out of metal alligators, to win tickets.

        Our society is fucked from the start. No one is going to grow up to be
a nice and pleasant kid with all these evil influences. Maybe you aren't the
gaming type. Step into your local Kay Bee toy stores, a symbol of kids, and
the purest example of what we provide for our kids to play with. Play is
innocent, right? Well, just about the only kind of toys you will find in that
store are weapons of war (that light up, shoot real darts, even make realistic
screaming death noises), and sports equipment. Sports stuff may seem passive
enough, but when you think about it, what ARE sports? Basically just a game
of a war. Hey, maybe if your daddy has a nice cushy job he'll be able to buy
you some of that neat stuff for Christmas.

        Speaking of Christmas : it's a religious holiday, right? Even if you
don't believe in that particular religion, your life has been in some way
affected by the "holiday" of Christmas. Do you even know WHY people celebrate
Christmas? Something about Jesus I thought. I don't even know what exactly.
All I was taught was that ever since the stork dropped me off, Santa comes
every year to drop off my load of presents if I'm good. Sounds like religion
to me.

        Propaganda is constantly being shoved down your throat from every
direction. If you've ever watched a commercial on TV (probably imbedded with
subliminal messages) that's a fine example right there. Just about everything
you run into in today's society is just propaganda for something or another.
How about this: Picture yourself as a young, impressionable kid, going to
Burger King with your parents, and they buy you the "Kid's Club Meal". Well,
having just learned to read, you are filled with curiosity, and start reading
the back that your soy-bean burger came in. You find this (keep in mind that
this is REALLY what is on the back of their bags. I have the bag right here
in front of me):

   *    The BURGER KING(r) Kids Club is totally cool. We're the Kids Club
Kids, and we like all the same things YOU do. We like having fun, whether
we're playing or working TOGETHER. We also like doing fun things with YOU.
We like sports, and always being GOOD sports ... But what we'd REALLY like
would be for you to JOIN the Kids Club. It's fun and free. Just fill out the
Application Form on this bag.   *

        Now does that sound like some WWII era Nazi material or what? I bet
soon the adult's meals will have advertisements telling you all about how
"The Burger King Nazi Party is TOTALLY COOL!". All you wanted was to get a
simple greasy lunch, and you end up with trash shoved down your throat.

        If you've even read down this far, give yourself a slap on the ass
for me. Maybe you aren't as apathetic as most of the world is. So I guess you
deserve for me to tell you my point of this file, right? Alright, fine.

        As I said before, our society sucks. It has been fully proven, here
and elsewhere that our government (ever notice how we refer to the government
as 'they'? As in 'They raised my goddamn taxes for the 50th time to buy a
new Stealth bomber'. Isn't the government supposed to be WE, the people?)
and our society in general just sucks. So fuck it. Open your eyes, look
around you and your life to see what's real. Be your own person, if you feel
like going to your local mall, and insisting to people that you are glass of
orange juice, do it! If you feel like driving around blasting Barney out of
your car stereo at fragile old people, go ahead! Why not? Who cares what
society thinks of you, because society is a fuckin piece of bullshit. Other
people will find you "strange", SURE, this is not because you ARE strange, it
is because you don't follow along with their set of standards that they have
been programed with from birth, staring at TV, and eating filet-o-fish.
De-program yourself, it's not too late. Turn OFF the TV for good, stop reading
the newspaper, perhaps drop a sugar cube or two into your coffee (with MiLK
of course), masturbate if you're in the mood, and just sit there and think.
Look at your own little plot in the hellpit of life, and enjoy it for what
it is. Sure, PEOPLE suck, but that doesn't mean that your life has to suck
all the time.

Thank you, and have a pleasant night, with lots of lust. Hopefully.

Gratings and salutations TO - Guido Sanchez (even though I've only talked to
                                              you once, you are my hero)
                               J Mascis (my other hero)
                               Mike Patton (yet another hero)
                               Rodney Rathbone
                               All Phringers
                               And licked, but not leashed..
                                               My Beautiful Bitch

<spurt>
¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯[MiLK] Information®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®

[MiLK] Sights - The Obloid Sphere       (708)965-3098

[MiLK] Member Listing -         James Hetfield
                                Nyarlathotep
                                Epic

[MiLK] Issue Number -   7
[MiLK] Issue Size -     6976 Bytes
[MiLK] Date of Production:      01/06/94

¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯ Save a Potato! They Might Be Worth Something! ®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
