€         €                       [MiLK]                          €         €
€         €                                                       €         €
€         €       Mighty                     Issue #23            €         €
€≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€       illicit              "The Inferno Chronicles"   €≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€
€≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€       Liquid                   By James Hetfield      €≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€
€≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€       Kollections                                     €≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€
€≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€                                                       €≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€
€€€€€€€€€€€                                                       €€€€€€€€€€€

             Here I stand, staring out upon the carcass of the 
     Cyber-Demon Lord.  I don't even know HOW I managed to kill 
     him, it's all a blur to me.  I just had a vision of running 
     around on an adreneline kick, firing away with this rocket 
     launcher I had found, upon a miracle, in a small room close to 
     here.  Everything I had was destroyed by the blast from his 
     cannon... all I am left with is this pistol.  I'm not in the 
     grestest of positions right now, as you can tell.
        
                               +++

             Let me tell you a little about myself.  My name's 
     Scott, but no one ever calls me that.  I was a marine, a damn 
     good marine at that.  One of the best, I think.  But that did 
     not matter because I did something very dangerous that marines 
     are not allowed to do.  I thought for myself.  One time a 
     superior officer of mine told us to fire upon unarmed 
     civilians.  I wouldn't let him.  I stopped him.  I... well... 
     I shot him.  For this chrime, I was sent out to the toxic dumps 
     on Mars, where I was stationed for FOUR YEARS.  Four years of 
     not even seeing a female human... It wasn't fun, believe me 
     when I tell you that.  Well, out here, Mars has two moons, 
     Deimos and Phobos.  Had, I should say.  Well, The Scientists 
     and Inventors have been playing with a new item they have 
     made, that basically can "Warp" something from the moon Phobos 
     to the moon Deimos.  Well, it sounds like a great idea, but 
     let's just say that the warp thing wasn't totally operational 
     yet.  They would send things, or people, in one end, and they 
     wouldn't come out the other.  Or they wouldn't come out the 
     other in the order they initially went in.  Like the Volunteer 
     from Pennsylvania.  He stepped in the thing in fine shape, but 
     at Deimos only his torso came out.  Well, as you can see, the 
     thing had some bugs in it.  And these bugs began to show 
     themselves a little more clearly as of late.  Some things 
     began coming OUT of the warp door that never went IN... at 
     first this didn't seem to be a big deal.  But... then things 
     got worse.  The warp doors went beserk.  they wouldn't 
     "Listen" to the inventors, they did what they wanted.  And 
     then it happened.  No one knew HOW, or WHY, but it happened.  
     Deimos simply disappeared out of the sky.  Vanished.  The 
     scientists got so scared they locked and sealed the doors 
     leading to the Warp door... but it was too late.  They had 
     already started coming out.  Few at first, then many after.  
     The locked and sealed doors couldn't hold them, for they were 
     of nothing ever seen my mortal men... they were supernatural, 
     they were of another kind of world.  And they were evil.  VERY 
     evil.  
        
             I was assigned to one of the rescue teams.  We were a 
     small unit, and I was one of the ones that wasn't even 
     assigned any firepower.  I just got a pistol.  Like a pistol 
     is going to stop some supernatural being.  I'm going to get 
     plastered onto the wall by some goulie... Well, it doesn't 
     matter anyway, I'm not afraid of death.  Death might be a lot 
     friendlier than my present surroundings...
          
             So we broke up into search teams, to try to find 
     anyone alive, or any of these creatures... we all had portable 
     communicators, so we'd be able to report in if there was any 
     problems.  Well, there were problems.  One of them consists to 
     all that was heard over the commincators were screaming, 
     gunfire, and strange animal noises.  Now, I'm not sure if my 
     comminicator is broken or not, but I doubt it is.  I think the 
     rest of the team is dead.  And now they're all coming for me.  
     You know, I'd much rather be in Chicago right now, no matter 
     WHAT the temperature is there...
        
                               +++
     
             I don't know how I survived this long, but I have.  I 
     have gotten through the toxic waste dumps in Phobos.  I have 
     traveled through the warp door to Deimos, which I have 
     discovered is hanging above hell itself.  I have been through 
     a war and have lived.  And now I stand next to the fruit of my 
     triumph.  The Cyper-Demon Lord, lying dead on the floor.  He 
     was the cause of all this damage.  It was him that was able to 
     take over Deimos and suck it out of our galaxy.  And now he 
     has parished.  My only troubles now is getting back home.  
     Considering the only way I can possibly go to get anywhere is 
     though hell, I guess that will be where my journey will take 
     me.  What I find down there, only God... or other beings, know.

             I reppeled down a long rope onto the surface of hell.  
     Right now, I find myself in this small room that I fell into 
     after jumping off the rope down onto the surface.  The walls 
     are of some very dry wood all entangled with each other.  at 
     this end there seems to be some kind of fleshy creature 
     attached to the wall.  I slowly raise my hand to touch the 
     ceature, and suddenly an eye opens and starts looking at me!  
     Then, all the walls around me start to decend... This all 
     happened very fast and I didn't have much time to think about 
     it.  Well, when the walls around me were completely gome, I 
     looked around and saw a quite barren wasteland I had seen from 
     above while climbing down to the surface... the ground was all 
     dead wood and dirt, and the few trees lying around were 
     scorched and dying.  

             *WOOSH*.  A fireball went flying by my head.  a little 
     bit of my hair was aflame and I quickly batted it out while 
     looking around for where that came from.  I saw an imp in the 
     distance, staring directly at me, ready to cough up another 
     one of those fireballs in my direction.  Pulling out my 
     pistol, the only weapon i have, I aimed right at the heart of 
     that fucker and fired 6 bullets right into his chest.  
     Needless to say, he went down.  I felt a little better after 
     doing this, my confidence level gained a bit.  I was quite 
     worried because of not having any real weapons with me, all of 
     them being blown to smitherines from the shot of a rocket by 
     my pal the Demon Lord, even my armor was in shreds... but now 
     I was beginning to feel a little better, my pistol maybe being 
     enough for now until I find something else lying around... 
     there was to be weapons lying around hell, right?  It'd only 
     be natural... 
        
             I was woken out of this little daydream by another 
     fireball hitting me directly in the back.  This one dropped my 
     confidence level quite a bit when I felt my skin scorching 
     under the temperature.  I quickly got up and aimed my pistol 
     behind me.  There I saw another blast heading straight for 
     me.  It landed about a foot in front of me, blinding me.  This 
     is not a happy day, I thought to myself.  I then looked 
     in the direction of the imp that was attempting to fillet
     me.  I shot my gun off about 5 or 6 times, until I heard his 
     carass slam onto the ground.  I sighed from relief as I looked 
     over his body.  I had hit him in the head 3 times.  Not that bad 
     for not being able to even see.  I only had 3 bullets left, I 
     better keep them until an emergency.  I once again, having a 
     chance now to fully scope out the area, looked around.  I saw 
     in the distance to the north a building, which I started to 
     walk towards.  It consisted of a great door and a skull 
     Implated on each side of the wall.  I also found a few boxes 
     of bullets conveinently lying outside the doors.  It looks 
     like they were planning all this.  I looked around the 
     building but couldn't find anyway inside except the door, 
     which didn't have a doorknob or anything of the sort.  And I 
     was not exactly about to knock, either.  Thinking to myself, I 
     leaned up against the wall.  I accidentally bumped the skull 
     implanted there and his eyes lighted up.  Interesting was the 
     only word that came to mind.  Then I heard the door 
     mechanically open.  I sheepishly peered inside to find a 
     beautifully contrived giant ball of flame approaching me at 
     full speed.  I jerked myself out of the doorway as the flame 
     past by... No matter how many times you're close to death, you 
     just never get used to it.  Well, out of this door pops out 
     one of the ugliest beasts I have run into yet.  They're called 
     Cacodemos, and they can be easiestly described as big floating 
     spheres with an eye and a mouth that spits fire.  They're not 
     cute.  Nor are they easy to defeat.  I was able to kill these 
     buggers a few times, WITH A PLASMA GUN.  But with a pistol?  
     And a few rounds of ammunition?  I'm toast.  Literally.  Well, 
     I don't have time to think about this.  He's floating towards 
     me right as we speak.  He looks hungry.  He looks angry.  Just 
     what I need, a Supernatural Hungry floating bastard.  Time to 
     learn how much can really be done with a pistol...


ƒƒƒƒƒ [MiLK] Information ƒƒƒƒƒ

Sites:  
        Barney's Pleasure Palace        -7o8- 965.3o98  -World Headquarters-
        Mech World                      -7o8- 757.o116  -South Side DiSt-
        The Acropolis                   -7o8- 557.2826  -WeSt Side DiSt-
        Lunitic Phringe                 -7o8- 232.o565  -Chat DiSt-

Member LiSt:

James Hetfield  Nyarlathotep    Epic    
Mendeleev       Medicine Man    Plaid Wilderbeast
Black Justice   Igor Shimsky    Stash

File Number 023
File Size 10769 Bytes

ƒƒƒƒƒ Oink! ƒƒƒƒƒ
