Û         Û                       [MiLK]                          Û         Û
Û         Û                                                       Û         Û
Û         Û       Mighty                     Issue #1             Û         Û
Û²²²²²²²²²Û       Liquid          "Cows! (Where MiLK Comes From)" Û²²²²²²²²²Û
Û²²²²²²²²²Û       illicit                By James Hetfield        Û²²²²²²²²²Û
Û²²²²²²²²²Û       Kollections                                     Û²²²²²²²²²Û
Û²²²²²²²²²Û                                                       Û²²²²²²²²²Û
ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ                                                       ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ


        If I'm going to Give a Historical Background of [MiLK], I might as
well give a history of my board, The Obloid Sphere, as well.  I got into
BBSing about a Year and a Half ago, when I borrowed my friend's modem to
call up lame Public Domain, "No Handles" kind of boards.  they were stupid
and I didn't enjoy them too much.  Then, one day, I got the number to "The
City" a 10 line chat board.  I was hooked.  After that, I found many other
boards in the Chicago area that looked snappy and started calling out a lot
on a regular basis.  At this time I was calling out on my mother's Laptop
on a External 2400. Whee.  anyways, October rolled around and I got my hands
on a Brand spanking new 486. Yeah, I'm a spoiled brat.  So what do I do?  I
start up my own board, what else would a spoiled brat do?  However, by this
time I was in BBSing with the right state of mind, that a Board should be for
Messages and Online games, not for Files.  I got my hands on Telegard 2.7, a
good starting software.  I would call up The Nuclear Greenhouse, one of the
chat boards i called, and try to get people to call up my board.  No one would,
however, except for a certain person in particular, Nyarlathotep.  I had seen
Neil on "The Halls Of The Video Warrior" which was in fact the board that
inspired myself to put on up.. anyways, he'd call up and help me test things
out, like the online games and such.. he didn't seem to mind so much, which
was cool.  My friend Joel, Dark Lord, also helped a bit.. Well, about the
time the board actually went up a few months went by, me bugging for a phone
line, etc... But it got up, and It's been up a Year now..

        In the beginning, on Telegard, The main emphasis was Online Games and
Messages.  I had a handful of good daily-calling Users, which kept me contempt.
Eventually most of the Main Online Game users either stopped calling, or just
stopped using them, and we ended up with what has now been a Message oriented
BBS for a year.  I switched from Telegard to Renegade, and was running that
some time under Windows, so I could Multi-Task... my Hard Drive crashed,
however, and I quickly re-set up Telegard because I didn't have Renegade
backed up.. Well, then I went back to renegade for a while.. Changed to
Innovations, being "swayed" by the author at it's features that Renegade
didn't have, had my BBS hacked severely by Someone that knew their way around
Innovations, and Now I find myself back at Renegade.  A good software.

        "So What, That Tells us Nothing About [MiLK]" You say.

        Well, ok, back on track then.  when I was running Telegard for the
first time, I saw someone on the Nuclear Greenhouse going by Guido Sanchez.
I pestered them to Call my board.  We chatted and talked voice a few times
and I found out he was the author of a Text file group, BLaH.  well, I read
them and was quite impressed.  I went and read a bunch-a other Text files,
and didn't really find any that made me laugh like a ninny <nun-ny?> like
BLaH did.  BLaH inspired me enough to, when me and Guido had a parting of
ways, to try to start my own Tfile group.  It got too centered around stupid
Chat captures, to say the least.  The only good spats were by Oregano and
Nyar, and Nyar left for college soon after.  so that Idea Died.

        As of Late I've been reading Text files once more, read over some
BLaH files again, and again missed the Text file Scene.  so here I am.

        "But WHY [MiLK]?!?!!??!!" You whine.

        Oh, Yeah. [MiLK].  Well, I've been calling a lot of WaReZ 3l1t3 shit
boards as of late, considering the cool PD board is becoming less and less of
an item as of late, Favorite boards that have gone down will probably be an
issue of mane a [MiLK] file, and I've found that Everyone has their little
ANSi group as of late. ACiD. iCE. AXiS. MiC. BaD. BiGFaTaSSeS. iCaMEiNMYPaNTS.
etc... the list (LiST.) goes on and on... So I decided to "rebel" against
the system and Make the absolute worst ANSi group Possible, [MiLK], and the
leader was Grandma.  Well, The sillyness of that passed, and I kept making
ANSi's and signed them "Grandma [MiLK]"... well, around the same time I started
making my own Online Games out of Infoforms and the such, and what a better way
to have an ANSi group but make ANSi Online Games!  So I made a Few of them...
The MiLK Quest Series... MiLK Quest 1 Actually being fairly Impressive
considering no programming at all was introduced to the game... But I grew
tired of the Online Games, and wanted something more... something like a
text file group.  So here we are.

        Hmm, So Let's get a list of Greetings out there, people who
I probably wouldn't be trying this stuff again if they weren't around...

Lady CatNinja - Started up a board around the same time as me, we did the
                "Help each other" out thing a lot over the year, till we
                shall we say... had a parting of ways.

Nyarlathotep  - Helped me start up Obloid, always has been a great message
                Poster, hopefully will help with this Text group

Oregano       - another one of the best posters on Obloid, always has
                something interesting to say..

Nex           - One of the last "Message Based" board sysops out there,
                makes me sure I'm still running a board for a good
                reason

Guido Sanchez - Author of BLaH, made me look at life a little differently
                than I did before I met <meated?> him

Constantine   - Writer for BLaH, most inspiring Amateur writer I've read

        Hey, As Long As we're At it, Let's add some ANTI-Greetz in there
        too! Can't spread anything positive without adding a touch of
        Negativity!

Chuck         - Man, You're an asshole.  Go take your Racist shit and
                stick it up... your Guild.

WaReZ GeeKs   - You ruined a once great Cyberspace.

        Ok, Not TOO much Negativity though... So what we have here is just
another Tfile group trying to make a name for itself... Like [MiLK] or
something.  Want to be part of the pasteurizing Process? Simply fill out
The [MiLK] Application on My board.  I'll get back to you ASAP with details.



¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯[MiLK] Information®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®

[MiLK] Sights - The Obloid Sphere       (708)965-3098

[MiLK] Member Listing -         James Hetfield
                                Nyarlathotep

[MiLK] Issue Number -   1
[MiLK] Issue Size -     7344 Bytes
[MiLK] Date of Production:      12/27/93

¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯ Happy people are Ignorant People ®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
