        Ü Ü Ü      Mighty           Issue #57
   Ü Ü    Û Û Ü    illicit          "Stress"
  Û ß Û Û Û ÛÛ     Liquid           -By Epic
  ß   ß ß ß ß ß    Kollections                    
Ä  Ä -ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
 
                .úùú. .úùú.   Julio is Late   .úùú. .úùú.  


        Julio's hands gripped the wheel as his foot applied pressure to the 
accelerator. The engine switched into yet-higher gear as Julio's radar 
detector started squealing uncontrollably again. He quickly shut off the 
sound, and the insane light display on the detector was slightly more 
bearable. He wonders just how many semi's he must pass until he gets to where 
he's going. But alas, "I do not have time to wonder about anything" he 
thought to himself as he yet again defied death and decapitation by speeding
past another vehicle sporting 'extra tires'. After all, Julio was late.

             .úùú. .úùú.   Stress is Everywhere   .úùú. .úùú.  
                  ~                                    ~       

        Sound familiar? Ever find yourself desperately searching for a little 
rest and relaxation, a weekend after a hard week of work/school, even a 
fucking 15 minute coffee break? I bet you do. I bet when you have some free 
time you wind up spending on crap instead of doing anything fun. I bet this 
is that kind of thing that happens a lot.

        All this crap has no choice but to build up and collect, and cause 
more STRESS. Pounding inside your head and your heart, driving into your 
soul. There are pills that can help relieve headaches and physical 
manifestations of stress, but there are none that can relieve the stress 
itself. Stress is everywhere.

        Traffic, work deadlines, appointments, near fatal car-accidents,
fast-food inconveniences, low bowling scores, debt, heavy explosives, or 
falling into open graves could all produce near ridiculous levels of stress. 
This stress is worse for you than leprosy, worse than cancer, even worse than 
being bitten by a poisonous lamprey on the neck. Bad, bad stuff.

             .úùú. .úùú.   Escape is Difficult   .úùú. .úùú.  
            ø     ~     ø                       ø     ~     ø

        Escaping this stress is hard to achive. Strive for relaxation, and 
comfort. If you even for a short while escape some stress, be satisfied in 
knowing that you are doing better than most. It's pretty scary. 

        Some people find relaxation in their home, perhaps on the beach, and 
it's always good to try, but escaping stress sometimes seems futile. Buy some 
of those little chinese ball things with neat designs that you can play with 
around in your hands. Some wise chinese man in an advertisement recommended 
them for releasing tension. I suppose it couldn't hurt.

        If you have any way you have found to avoid stress, exploit it. Do 
whatever you can to relieve yourself from this hell of high blood pressure. 
You may find it difficult to avoid this stress, and this is common. Sometimes 
just about the only thing that could satisfy the intense yearning for escape 
is a good explosion.

              .úùú. .úùú.   Stress is Insanity   .úùú. .úùú. 
          .úùø     ~     øùú.                .úùø     ~     øùú.

        Stress is growing at exponential rates, and flooding from every
direction. Such extreme stress can lead to unwanted bowel movements, nervous
twiches, exploding of the pancreas, imploding, or of course, insanity.

        Every bit of stress is a little pick-ax chip away at your sanity. 
That's all it is, nothing but concentrated insanity. Like a flashback to Nam, 
or a flashback to a bad trip, it's in-your-face pressure. The kind of 
pressure that scuba divers have to worry about. 

        Pick up any map and look at it. Look at all the roads on a map. Each 
ones of those roads is loaded with potential stress. Look at your hands. Even 
your little pinkie finger can hold a vast storage of stress capability. 
Stress is definitely in abundance, and doesn't seem to be going away any time 
soon. Good luck.

  -->  So go ahead, do it, flip out, GO MAD. Insane! STRESS. AHHHHHHHHHH. <--



Û           Û  [MiLK] Information
Û           Û
Û           Û  [MiLK] Sites: 
Û           Û
Û           Û  The Obloid Sphere..........(708)965-3098 [14,400]
Û²²²²²²²²²²²Û  
Û²²²²²²²²²²²Û  The Asylum.................(908)914-9318 [14,400]
Û²²²²²²²²²²²Û                             (NUP)    I LOVE FEDS
Û²²²²²²²²²²²Û  Violent Playground.........(908)920-2575 [14,400]
Û²²²²²²²²²²²Û  Black Dragon BBS...........(703)885-3072 [14,400]
ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ  ÄÄ> MiLK File #57: "Stress" <ÄÄÄ
               (This File Just wasted 4814 bytes of your hard drive)

