_____________________________________________________________________________
---------------------------- I Bleed for This? ------------------------------
------04.07.96-----------------------------------------------------#051------

                          If Shit Could Have AIDS
                            appreciated by IBFT


This is a story about Rintrah, that we ran across on alt.sex.fat.  Rintrah is
a local legalize-tattooing activist, and is working very hard so that the
good people of our state won't have to break the law to irreversibly maim
themselves.  If ferrets can be legalized, why not tattoos?  We wish her luck!
If you are ever in Cambridge, stop by Cafe Liberty on Mass Ave.  That's where
Mass Ink Link holds their weekly meetings.  Try to piss in Rintrah's mouth,
maybe she'll give you a dollar, and tattoo your name on her ass.  She already
has most of the state on there, which would explain this file.  And if you
have hair like Joe Bonni you can get into the secret back room where they
play Magic and drink blood.

From lesherr@delphi.com Sat Nov 12 19:11:31 EST 1994
Article: 1784 of alt.sex.fat
Path: news.amherst.edu!news.mtholyoke.edu!uhog.mit.edu!bloom-beacon.mit.edu!
      news2.near.net!news.delphi.com!usenet
From: lesherr@delphi.com
Newsgroups: alt.sex.fat
Subject: STORY: Future Feeder (feed/fa)
Date: Fri, 11 Nov 94 16:16:10 -0500
Organization: Delphi (info@delphi.com email, 800-695-4005 voice)
Lines: 483
Message-ID: <5k820kS.lesherr@delphi.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: bos1a.delphi.com

 
                     Future Feeder
 
 
During the early 21st century advances in electronics, bio-engineering, and
genetics made enormous leaps forward.  These discoveries led to the ability
for scientists to concur most of the major disease's known to man, there by
increasing the quality of life for the general populace.  It also brought the
ability to customize the human body.  The process of "body molding" was
perfected by the mega conglomerate, "Fantasy International", during the mid
21st century. There goal, (other them making the worlds largest profits), was
the moulding of the human body to full fill personal sexual fantasies. There
reputation was built around personal privacy, an extremely important issue in
the 21st century. And there ability to deliver there services to anyone who
could afford it.
 
Rintrah sat in the personal service advisor's office at Fantasies
International. Her advisor, a good looking woman in her late forties was
busily showing her holograph portraits of what other customers had requested.
"As you can see Rintrah, what ever you desire as an ideal body can be yours
for the asking. Here, look at this portrait of a young woman who came to us
last year." She held up a holo gram showing a young woman whose bust was
amazingly large. "When she came to us she had no bust to speak of. We were
able to enlarge her bosom like this for her. Anything you desire we can do
for you. All we ask is that you be as specific as possible, in order for us
to serve you so your dreams may be full filled." Rintrah looked at the holo,
then back to her advisor. "What I'm interested in is to have the ability to
eat as much as I want, when ever I want. I love to eat, and my husband goes
wild whenever I over eat to the point of gluttony. Its a major turn on for
the both of us. And as important, I want EVERYTHING I eat to make me fatter."
She ran her hands over her flat stomach and frowned. "I hate being thin. Its
so boaring being like everyone else. What I want is to be able to eat and eat
and eat, getting fatter and fatter." She closed her eyes as she mentally
pictured herself getting fat.  "I want to eat and eat until I'm a huge pile
of soft, sexy fat. But I don't want any health or mobility problems, no
matter how fat I get. I know its allot to ask, to be hugely fat and still be
completely mobile. Is my dream a possibility?" Her advisor punched a few
buttons on her computer and a new holo gram sprang up in front of them.
Rintrah gasped as a woman of epic proportions literally dance in front of
them. This woman was fatter then anyone she had ever seen, and watching her
dance around so freely was the most erotic thing Rintrah had ever witnessed.
Her advisor had been watching her carefully, and was please that she had
indeed found what her client was looking for. "As you can see, we've had
other requests like yours before. The only difference between what you want
and what this client requested is that you wish to do the fattening yourself.
That will present no problem. As far as your concern for health and mobility,
that too can be handled.  We would have recommended it anyway. Now, since we
know what your dreams are, all that's left is to fill out some forms and a
brief stay with us of about a week. Then you'll be on your way to a new
happiness for yourself and your husband." Rintrah completed the forms and
handed them back to her advisor.  "When can we start?" The woman smiled.
"Would imediatly suit you?" Rintrah nodded enthusiastically, "Yes! the sooner
the better!"
 
Fase 2 was working on there new auto-chef when Rintrah entered there home. He
was so engrossed that she was able to sneak up behind him give him a playful
slap on the behind.  He yelped in surprise as he turned around. "Rintrah!
your home! I didn't expect you till tomorrow." He pulled her into his arms
and kissed her passionately for a long time. Then held her at arms length and
looked at her lovingly. "I missed you so much. Two weeks alone was almost to
long just for a fantasy." Rintrah stepped away from him and put her hands on
her hips, a playful grin lit her face. "Too long to full fill our mutual
desires? Gee, do you think I should go back and have them undo it?" Fase 2
pulled her back into his arms and hugged her tightly to him. "Not on your
life my little vixen!" He let her go finally and they sat on the couch.
"Tell me all about it. What did they do to you, and what tricks can you do
now?" "Actually Fase 2, there isn't much to tell. They put me in a
comfortable room with a bed in it and had me lay down. A woman came in and
place a small device on my head that caused me to fall asleep. When I woke up
I was still in the bed but two weeks had passed. I guess that I was kept
asleep while they did whatever they did to me. All I felt was well rested.
Then I was taken back to my advisors office who explained what was different
about me now. To tell you the truth, I really don't feel any different then I
did the day I went in. But my advisor assures me that our dreams can now come
true." Fase 2 was impressed. "So what exactly IS different about you now?"
Rintrah stood up and began pacing around as she spoke. "First off, we don't
have to worry about my health or mobility. She told me that as I gain weight,
my bodies physiology will adapt. My hart, lungs, and muscle structure will
increase to handle any load place on them, keeping me totally comfortable as
my body grows. She also told me that EVERYTHING I eat will be used by my
body. I might only have to use the bathroom once a week because of the
increased efficiency of my digestive system." Rintrah stopped pacing and sat
on Fase 2's lap. She put her arms around him and touched his nose with hers.
"But I haven't told you the most important thing yet. Would you like to know
how much I can eat, right at this moment? Fase 2 held his breath. This was
what he had been waiting to hear all along.  He nodded his head for her to
continue. Rintrah glanced over at the auto-chef. "I can eat." She paused for
a second to build the suspense as she felt his body tense with excitement.
"Without limit." The air in his lungs gushed out as her words hit him.

"Na..na..no limits at all?" He managed to stammer. "Are you telling me that
you can just keep eating and eating?" Rintrah smiled triumphantly. "That's
right lover boy. My system is so efficient that I almost can't overeat. As
fast as I can shovel it in, my super body will turn all that lushes food into
glorious fat..fat.. FAT! The only other effect gorging myself will have is
that I'll sleep allot more then I used too. My advisor told me to take lots
of naps during the day." Rintrah stood up and pulled a pamphlet out of her
jumpsuit pocket and handed it to him. "Take a good look at this, lover. Its a
list of different types of foods they gave me." Fase 2 noted that the list
was broken into five parts, each headed with the title of a body type, like
bust, or belly. "Ok, but what does it mean?" Rintrah smiled seductively.
"What it means is that as a bonus, Fantasy International gave me the
abilities to customize how my body gets fatter. For example, since I know you
would like me to develop huge tits, all you have to do is feed me lots of
stuff from the bust group. And as I want an enormous hanging belly, gorging
on items from the belly group will cause that to happen. Well, what to you
think of that! A pretty neat surprise, isn't it." Fase 2 was speechless, his
thoughts whirled around in his head as he tried to comprehend the idea of
customizable fattening. In all the times they had talked about sending her to
"Fantasies", he had never even though about being able to chose how she
became fat. Rintrah broke into his musing. "Well, are you just going to sit
there and fantasies about it in your head, or are we going to start making it
a reality!" That was all the prompting Fase 2 needed. "Why don't you go get
changed and make yourself comfortable. I'll have the auto-chef ready to go in
a couple of seconds!"
 
Fase 2 finished connecting the auto-chef to the auto-mart delivery system,
then tested the subsystems. He smiled as the status lights all indicated
"GO". (The auto-chef was designed for high volume food production. In a
matter of seconds it was able to produce any food dish from its wide menu by
molecular synthesis of a rudimentary soy bean paste.  The paste was in turn
suppled in any quantity needed by the auto-mart delivery system.) Fase 2 then
opened a door in the side of the auto-chef and test the optional direct
feeding tube. When he had purchased the system, he had custom ordered the
unit to be able to divert the normal output into this tube. When the option
was activated, the auto-chef produced the food as a thick fluid, then pumped
it through the tube at low pressure. The system also contained a pressure
sensing device that would temporarily halt the output until the pressure
dropped below 3psi. After the pressure dropped, it would then automatically
start pumping again. The end of the tube had a nipple like device on it that
was designed to be sucked on. It sensed when the nipple was placed into the
mouth, which then activated the pumps. when it was removed, it automatically
shut the pumps off. Satisfied that everything was working correctly, he then
mounted the remote control for the auto-chef to the specially built chair
Rintrah would use. It had been built to maximize her comfort, while allowing
her ease of movement. The chair's built in serving tray was connected
directly to the auto-chef. With a push of a button any food Rintrah wanted
would be placed automatically in front of her in just seconds.
 
Rintrah came out of the bed room and stood in front of Fase 2, showing off
the outfit she was waring. She had on a black bra and panties made from some
smooth material, covered by a very sheer, frilly black night gown that almost
touched the floor. "What do you think of my outfit? I had it custom made just
for you." Fase 2 nodded his head in approval. "Its beautiful, just like you.
But won't it become uncomfortable as you get fatter?" Rintrah smiled
seductively. "Not at all my love. The bra and panties are made from a
material that will stretch almost indefinitely. I thought you would
especially enjoy watching me develop a few FEET of cleavage to bury your head
into! And as for the night gown, lets just say I'm into the sound of ripping
material." She looked at the Auto-chef and the chair. "How about you, are you
all set up?" Fase 2 took her hand and sat her down in the chair. He quickly
showed her how to work the remote control, and then where the readout was for
the chairs built in scale. The readout indicated she weighed 134 pounds. She
smiled and patted the arm of the chair. "My, what a small number! Well, I'll
just have to do something about that, won't we!" Fase 2 reached over and
activated the video system which would record her every bite, then settled
back on the couch he had placed strategically for the best possible view of
his lovely wife.

Picking up the control Rintrah activated the Auto-chef.  She looked over at
Fase 2, enjoying the slightly impatient look on his face. He wanted her to
get going, and she was in complete agreement with him. It was time to stop
fantasizing, and start eating. "Well, this is it! Anything you would like me
to start with Lover. After all, this is you fantasy too!" Fase 2 had been
aching for her to ask him this question.  "Pastries and cream. Lots and lots
of pastries with gallons of cream to wash it down!" She smiled as she had
anticipated his response. He wanted her to be busty as quickly as possible,
and she was not going to disappoint him. "Ok lover, you got it!"

Rintrah punched a couple of buttons on the remote control that made the
Auto-Chef start humming. Moments latter a large tray overflowing with
different types of delicious pastries and large glasses of light cream slid
onto the tray in front of her. She picked up a pastry in each hand and began
to eat.  She ate quickly and efficiently, not quite gobbling the delicious
pastries. After stuffing several pastries into herself she drank two glasses
of the light cream, enjoying the smooth, rich flavor. Then it was more
pastries, followed by more cream. On and on she ate until the tray was empty.
She burped contentedly, then rubbed her swelling belly.  "Ummhh, that was
delicious. I think I'll do that again!" Another platter appeared in front of
her, this one even larger then the last. Fase 2 watched in amazement as his
wife demolished that pile also, and then another after that! Her belly was
already remarkably rounder then he could believe, and she was just getting
warmed up! He also noted joyfully that her breasts were already swelling
slightly. Her small breasts had already begun to fill out and she had
developed cleavage!

But as excited as Fase 2 was, Rintrah was even more excited. As she ate she
could feel herself getting fatter.  She couldn't explain the feeling, other
then it was the most erotic thing she had ever felt. She ordered a huge plate
of pasta and several gallons of beer to wash it down. She dove into the pasta
with gusto, and in only minets it was gone.  Rintrah found that the pasta
intensified the erotic feelings deep within her, so order the Auto-Chef to
keep it coming.  Mountain after mountain of different types of pasta
appeared, then disappeared from in front of her. She began eating faster to
increase that erotic feeling. Her body filled out in slow motion, responding
to her massive intake of food. Her stomic became fatter and fatter, finally
splitting into two rolls of expanding tummy flesh. Her arms and legs filled
out as the fat poured on, and her breasts filled out fuller, pushing her bra
outwards.

Fase 2 watched in disbelief as his wife became fatter right in front of his
eyes. His wildest fantasies were coming true as he watched in amazement as
she ordered yet another mountain of pasta and began gobbling it down. Every
minet that past brought more and more luscious pounds to his wifes swelling
body. He wanted to run over and make love to her so badly that it hurt, yet
he was glued to his chair. So he contented himself to watch her unbelievable
bout of gluttony.

After several hours of the most wonderful gorging in her life Rintrah needed
to take a break. Her arms were slightly sore from over use, but other then
that she felt glorious.  Her newly fattened body felt wonderful to her, and
she ran her hands over her fat belly contentedly. As soon as Fase 2 realized
she had stopped eating, he rushed to her side.  "How are you feeling Rintrah?
Are you alright?" She smiled at his concern. "I feel wonderful. I never
dreamed it could be this wonderful being able to gorge myself like this. How
can I explain it to you? Contented, that's it, I feel contented.  And very
sleepy too." She looked at him lovingly. "I think I'd like to take a nap.
Will you help me up?" Fase 2 was taking her arm to assist her when he noticed
the display on the chairs arm. "Rintrah! Look at this, you weigh 365 pound!
That means you've gained almost 250 pounds, in less then three hours!"
Rintrah smiled through half closed eyes.  "Does that make you happy lover?"
He helped her get to her feet, noting that she really didn't need his help
really. He stood back from her and look her over carefully. "Your more
beautiful then I've ever seen you look. I can't seem to find the right words
to describe how wonderful you look." She hefted her big breasts, holding them
up for his inspection.  "These feel wonderful too. They make me feel so
womanly, and very sexy!" She jiggled them around, then let them fall onto her
fat belly. "But I'm not through yet. After my nap I'll show you some REAL
gluttony!" She walked towards the bedroom, doing her best to make every part
of her newly fatted body jiggle seductively. Fase 2 watched in awe as the
twin globes of her ass shook almost with a life of there own. She glance back
at him. "Well, aren't you coming lover?" Fase 2 raced after her into the
bedroom, where they both savored the delights of her new fulness.
 
After a few hours of rest Rintrah was back in the chair, gorging herself
happily. Only this time she took her time eating, enjoying the food instead
of just wolfing it down.  Plates of sweets she followed with mounds of
whipped potatoes dripping with butter. Gallons of cream, beer, soda, and
chocolate milk were guzzled happily. Then it was on to several whole black
forest cakes, chocolate layer cakes, and oddles of cream filled pastries
washed down with heavy cream.  Rintrah was chosing carefully what she ate to
help fatten up her body fairly evenly. The only exception was the heavy cream
to boost her bust line to the maximum. Her bust had already become huge, and
held in by the bra she now showed over a foot of bulging cleavage. (A fact
that pleased her husband no end.)

After an hour Rintrah felt contented and shut off the Auto-Chef. She rubbed
her belly lovingly, noting the weight display now read 407 pounds. Fase 2
came over from his chair and hefted one of her breasts. "You're breasts are
magnificent my darling, I never dreamed they could get this big. And knowing
your doing it for me makes it all the sweeter." He kissed each bulging
breast, then moved up to nibble on her neck. "My breasts are here for your
pleasure Fase 2, but personaly I love my fat stomic. It feels wonderful to be
fat. I fell so soft and cuddly, so much more of a woman now that I'm becoming
fat. Fase 2 looked at her ruefully.  "Getting fat?. My dear, you ARE FAT!
Wonderfully, gloriously FAT!" Rintrah pushed his head deep into her bulging
cleavage.  "Fat? I'm just a light weight now. But in a few weeks, look out.
I'll be the Fat Queen of the world. After that, maybe I'll try for goddess
statue. I can just imagine myself as a human blimp, or as a majestic sea of
rippling flesh. Its going to be great!" Fase 2 burred his head deeper into
her breasts and mumbled something about floating on her ocean."
 
Chapter 2
 
As Fase 2 slept peacefully next to her, she felt annoyed with herself. For
the first time Fase 2 had not been able to satisfy her sexual need. It wasn't
his fault, but an unforeseen by-product of her expanding body. After a week
of careful use of the auto-chef, Rintrah's weight now exceeded 700 pounds.
They were both very pleased with her progress in this respect. The problem
occurred when they made love.  Rintrah loved laying on her back with Fase 2
making love to her while laying flat on top of her. This was defiantly her
favorite position, but with her body becoming so fat he was just not able to
achieve any real depth of penetration. And no matter how hard she had tried
to arrange herself, she could barely feel him inside of her. She layed there
for a long time mulling over the problem. What could she do to rectify his
inability to fill her during love making. Then an idea came to her. It was
brilliant, and devilish at the same time. She spent the better part of an
hour going over the details in her mind, then drifted off to sleep satisfied
it would work.
 
"I'm sorry honey, really. But I thought you would want to know how I feel."
She could tell he was distressed by her admission that he just didn't have
what it takes to satisfy her sexual needs anymore. He thought desperately for
a moment. "Can't we try some new positions? Maybe that's all we need to do.
If I can't satisfy you from on top, how about from behind?" She shook her
head. "You now how much I enjoy sex this way. I couldn't dream of making love
without you floating on the sea of my belly. Its what pleases me the most!"
She hated manipulating him this way. The only reason she had even concidered
it was that she was sure he would love the surprise she had dreamed up. She
waited patently for him to work out the solution for himself. Finally he
reached the conclusion she had hoped for. "I've got an idea, maybe the people
over at "Fantasy International" can help. I hate the thought of having a
penal inlargement, but I hate the thought of not pleasing you even more!"
Rintrah faked a shocked expression for his benefit. "That's a great idea!
They may be able to help at that. I'd hate to think we couldn't enjoy our
favorite position any more, but I want you to be sure this is what you want.
If your not happy with the idea, then we'll just have to find some other
solution." He shook his head. "No, I've decided that I'm going to do it, for
both of us. As you made your breasts huge for me, I'll do this for you." He
put his arms as far around her as he could and gave her a big hug. "I'll call
right now and make an appointment."
 
As soon as Fase 2 left for "Fantasy International" she put her plan to work.
She called her advisor at Fantasy and explained what she wanted. Her request
was so unusual that she ended up talking to one of the vice presidents there.
He ended up liking her plan and said he would arrange everything personaly.
As she disconnected the vid-phone she smiled.  Phase one was now complete, so
it was time for phase two. She went to the Auto-Chef and opened the side
panel where the feeding tube was stored. Fase 2 had no idea that she knew
about this option, but was sure he would when he came back.  She smiled
gleefully as she dragged the tube and the remote control into her
bedroom.....
 
Chapter 3

Fase 2 woke up in his room at "Fantasy International" feeling great. He
stretched vigorously, then pushed the call button beside his bed. Within
moments his advisor entered the room with a worried expression on his face.
"How are you feeling Fase 2?" "I feel great. But why the concern?" His
advisor looked around nervously. "We had some problems with granting your
request. But don't worry, I'm told that everything worked out perfectly."
Fase 2 was puzzled. "So if everything worked out fine, what's the problem?"
His advisor seemed to stiffen slightly as he responded. "Our people had some
problems. And because of the problems we had to keep you here a little longer
then planned. You've been her for a total of 14 days." Fase 2 was stunned. He
imediatly thought of Rintrah. "I've got to call mydropped and hismid en numb,
velodedbyth scne n front of him. Rintrah was laying on their bed propped up
by a bunch of pillows, holding the feeding tube front the Auto- Chef in one
hand.  And she was giganticly, enormously, STUPENDOUSLY FAT!  She smiled at
his amazement. "I decided that since I had the time I'd go for goddess
status. Do you think 1800 pounds puts me in that category?" Fase 2 opened his
mouth to say something, but nothing came out. His mind was reeling, unable to
take her all in at once. He shut his eyes, then opened them again. Her face
was still beautiful, except it was slightly sunken under a mantle of flesh
that flowed downwards, completely hiding her neck under multiple chins.  Her
upper arms and shoulders were covered in thick rolls of fat. So thick that he
doubted she could bring her hands to her mouth. Her breasts were huge,
bloated balloons. Each mammoth breast hung to either side of her, flowing
upwards and away from her chest. Fase 2 estimated that they must be over five
feet in diameter each, crowned with nipples the size of dinner plates. (He
also noticed that her big nipples were stiff, a sure sign that she was
horny!) His eyes lingered on her breasts for a moment longer, then went down
to her belly. It rose a full four feet off of the bed, and spead outwards
like an ocean covering almost the full width of their king size bed. Even
laying down her belly was split into rolls of flesh, flowing downwards and
completely covering her upper thighs. And what thighs! Rowas more in control
of himself, or so he thought.

Rintrah just lay there, letting him absorb her beauty.  She enjoyed the way
his eyes had to move to behold her body, that they couldn't take it in with
just a glance. She was also very pleased at the enlarging bulge in his pants.
(When she had spoken to the V.P. at "Fantasy International", he had assured
her that no matter how fat she became he could still make love to her while
being on top. He had gone on to say that the fatter she became, his body
would compensate with his penis becoming longer and thicker.)

When she sensed that he was ready, she played her final ace.  "And since
you've been gone so long, I've become a very horny goddess at that! Are you
man enough to handle a goddess?" So saying she lifted her mammoth legs
straight up and opened them as wide as she could. Every part of her body
suddenly went into motion, especially her blubbery thighs.  The rolls of fat
fell back, bouncing and quivering with a life of there own. She then somehow
managed to pull her massive belly back exposing her wet slit for him.

Fase 2 almost had a hart attach watching her move. The bulge in his paints
became so painful that for a moment he had to take his eyes from her to
remove his cloths. Once undressed he didn't even notice how huge his own
erection was. He was too busy watching her stupendous thighs and belly quiver
as her slightest movement set ripples of flesh cascading along her body.
Rintrah was so horny now that she grew impatient. Her huge belly rolled back
away from him with the force of his thrust, then rolled back against him like
a tidal wave.  He rode the wave and thrust again, filling Rintrah to the
fullest. Back and forth her ocean like belly swelled. And each wave brought
them both closer and closer to a veritable volcanic eruption. As the storm of
there passion rose higher and higher Rintrah gasped and moaned with pleasures
never dreamed of. Finally, with one titanic thrust they were hurtled together
onto the shores of ecstasy.
 
He layed on top of her for a long time, at peace in the after glow of their
love making. Her warm, soft body both pillow and bed to him. He was just
drifting off to sleep when he heard a strange, sucking kind of noise. He
lifted his head and was amaze to see her sucking on the feeding tube. She
removed it slowly when she saw him watching, then used her tongue to
sensuously lick the last drop from the nipple.  "If making love was this
incredible with me being 1800 pounds, just imagine how awesome it'll be when
I'm 2800 pounds!" And so saying she popped the feeding tube back into her
mouth and began sucking happily away. Fase 2 layed his head back down on a
thick roll of belly fat and closed his eyes, thinking how wonderful that
certainly will be.
 
 
                     The End

==============================================================================
    IBFT: No matter how hard you laugh with or at it, you'll NEVER get it.

             http://www.amherst.edu/~mcspinks/ibft/ibfthome.html
                      email: mcspinks@unix.amherst.edu
      ftp://ftp.etext.org/pub/Zines/IBFT  The Eleventh Hour (617)696-3146
==============================================================================

