                            AMTRAK  ANARCHY 
                           By Cyber Psycho 
                             Feb. 04, 1991   

Although I'm not really into anarchy, I thought I'd do this little 
file for the sake of passing on the information.  I also DO NOT 
recommend doing anything in this document.  And not all of this is 
very chaotic, but fun all the same.  You see, whe you take long train 
rides (like across most of the US), it gets REAL boring sometimes 
(like going thru Iowa, that's when I finished reading "Neuromancer") 
and you start coming up with ideas on how to spice up the train ride. 
 That's when I came up wth the following:  o  There are these balls 
on the seats for the leg lifts which you can take         off and use 
for all sorts of things.  Like playing hot potato and the      loser 
gets busted by the train attendant, practice your juggling, roll 
them down thesles, or take them home for memories.  o  Using chairs 
as catapults!  Boy, they sure had a good snap to them when      you 
hit the button.  I tested the action with those cheap pillows they 
     give you, but it didn't get far.  If you use something lighter 
and small-      er, I'm sureou could get it airborne.  o  During the 
night, tie a string to the leg rest lever (mentioned above) of 
     someone a couple seats up with a slip knot.  And when he (or 
she) goes to      sleep, pull the string and bring their peaceful 
sleep (as you can get on      a train)o an end, then remove the knot 
and pull the string in!  o  A fun time I had was with the bathroom 
doors.  When the trains pull into      stations they must lock the 
doors.  So when I went to the toilet I saw      that the lock on the 
doors had a hole in it, and it was a simple matter      of sliding 
thelock into "IN USE" with a pen (anything sturdy and narrow 
     like a pen will do) and locked all of the doors.  You could hit 
all the      cars in the train like this and watch all the people 
line up!  I do      think there is some electronic monito on the 
doors, so the engineer can      know of they are shut.  But you just 
go down and do it again.  This can      also work the other way. 
 Like opening a door of some babe taking a squat      or what ever 
tickles your fancy (you get the idea).  o  The most interesting thing 
I noticed is that there is NO security either      personal or 
baggage checks.  This means you can walk on a train with 

ANYTHING you can carry on your self of in a carry-on.  So for 
all you      real anarchists itcould be a field day!  But also a good 
place for      terrorism! (Not that trains are big targets, but they 
certainly are easy      to get things onto them).  And with cut backs 
in budgets, they now staff      (from what I saw) one attendant per 
twoo three cars.  Although others      move through the cars 
randomly, there's always one to stay with those      cars.  Well, 
that's about it!  Remember, long train rides get boring.  So bring 
along plenty of batteries, a good book or mags, and this doc... 

                                     Till next time... 
                                        Smashin' the booster gangs, 
                                             Cyber 

