
The correct way to Hot Wire A Car. (*) Writen by Mopar One

Be sure to call all the P.H.N. systems for all your infomation needs.

   This file is was writen for the intent on teaching and not the actual use
of how to hot wire a car.  The Author of this file takes no responsiblty in
any actions of anyone that uses this information.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      There are basicly two types of cars in use today.  The first one is the
older types of cars (pre 1968. I think) That have the ignition switch built
into
the dash board.  These cars can be hot wired in a number of ways depending on
just how much you know about wiring.  The fastest way is to run a wire from
the
positive pole on the battery to the positive side to the coil.  The battery
and
the coil will be marked with a + sign.  After connecting the wire you will
need
to jump the starter.  On all Chrysler and GM cars, This is done from under the
car. There will be one thick wire and two thin wires.  Just use a screw driver
and connect the big bolt holding the thich wire to the thin wire closes to the
moter. Once these two touch, The starter will turn over and start the car.

  On a Ford type car (and truck) there will be a Starter relay on the fender
very close to the battery.  Just follow the Positive cable till you see a
round
cylinder connected to it.  Use the bare metal handles on a pair of pliers to
connect the battery wire to the Small wire on the relay.  Again, Once these
connect, The moter will turn over.

  Be sure to hook your wire to the battery first. Any sparks near the battery
may cause the fumes comming from the battery to ignite.

                  BATTERIES WILL EXPLODE!!!!!

  The under the dash board hot wire is in some ways harder but its better then
being seen under the hood of someones car.  There are 5 wires going into the
ignition. The only one that remains the same color on all cars is the red one.
  This is the main hot wire for the whole ignition. The fastest way to know
what
is what is to remember that all the wires but one can be connected at one
time.
  The first thing you want to find is the starter wire.  cut and strip all the
wires. The one at a time touch them to the red wire. When the starter turns
over
you have found it. Now connect all the other wires to the red one. This will
turn on the ignition and all excesories. Then all you need to do it touch the
starter wire to this mess of wires just long enough to start the car.
  To stop the engine, Just disconnect all the wires.

  The newer type of cars have the ignition switch built into the steering
column.  This was done as an antitheft deterent.  All they realy did was make
it easier to steel.

  With the ignition switch built into the steering column, The easiest and
fastest was is to get (or build) what is known as a body puller.  This nice
tool
is used in the body shops and can be bought in a parts store for about $15.00.

  It was made to pull dents out of a car body with the help of a few holes
drilled in it and pulling the dents out.

  The body puller is made of three parts.  A pipe with a handle on one and
(also used as a stop). one sheet metal screw (Normaly welded to the pipe).
 And a weight. The weight is used to slide up and down the pipe to apply a
pulling action.

  All you need to do it screw the sheet metal screw into the ignition lock and
slide the weight away fron the ignition to the handle.  When the weight is
suddenly stoped by the handle, The force will cause the sheet metal screw to
remove the ignition lock from the steering column. (it may take 2 or 3 good
hard blows to remove the lock)

  Once the lock is removed, Insert a regular screw driver into the the housing
where the lock was.  You will see a slot (almost like a screw). Once the screw
driver is in, Just turn the screw driver clock wise and the starter will turn.
   If you wish to stop the moter, Just do the same but turn the screw driver
counter clock wise.  Its all just like using the key except we have removed
the
one item that only allows certin people to start it.

     In the next chapter, (maybe) We will get into making a body puller.

  Also look for Future files on :Opening car doors, Destuction of an engine
(internaly).

EOF
