

(>View: SCHOOL FUN //


                          School Fun Number: //
                          ---------------------
                           By - Walkon / Sysop
                          Temple of the Un-Dead
                             201 - 575 - 4010

  If you have'nt yet seen part I of this phile, I suggest you do so, for it is
definatly one of a kind. I shall start off with some of the cool aspects of a
school cafeteria. As most of you know, this is not a very nice place, or at
least it's not very nice in my school., you have to get out there and catch
the
food before it gets away... but in any case...

  1) School Cafeterias: In this ever growing world of terrorism, and practical
jokes, you should learn the basic methids and uses of ketchup. This red stuff
that they use to cover the mold on the french-fries, makes a nice stain on
peoples clothing. So... take a few packets of ketchup, and during phys. Ed.
you take the pack and put little holes in it, then put it in someones back
pocket, (preferably white pants), do this while they are out in the gym, and
you are alone in the locker room... It's a gas when they get up after pulling
their pants on and there 'Bleeding...'...

 2) Marbles are very cool... especially glass ones and steel ones, what you do
is, get into your 'Friends' locker and (if he/she has a shelf) take a book and
brace it up at an angle, and leave them alot of marbles to play with... so
when
they open their locker, they should have no problem watching them spill all
over the floor... then they get little questions like 'Hey man, did you loose
all your marbles?' and 'Is this a throw back to your child hood?'. This is
even better when they have to go out in the middle of a class period and when
all the marbles fall out he has teachers all over him asking 'What do you
think
your doing?' and the ever popular 'Wheres your pass?'...

 3) You can improve on the marbles scheme by using water/perfume filled
baloons
or plastic baggies. 'Cause, howd you like to go around smelling like a flower
all day long (if your a boy), if your a girl, then your a wet flower... your
'Friend' walks down the hallway 'Squish. Squish Squish' from all the water in
their sneakers...

 4) Do any of your parents have old contact lens fluid bottles? (small) If so
then your in luck... if you fill these with water and walk down a crowded hall
you can have alot of fun... Spray your victem so it looks like he/she took a
leak in thier pants... in a crowded hall-way, the'll never notice till someone
says.. 'Hey, Professor Leaky... Turn off the faucets...'... If you want to
be even meaner, then you can take the bottle and fill it with the juices from
a rotten egg.. now its' one thing to piss in your pants, but if you go around
smelling like rotten eggs all day, whew... I can almost guarntee a suspension
or a free trip home... (very embarrasing)...

 5) During your free period, goto a pay phone and call the front office, and
have your victem paged to the front office... tell the front office that you
are the boy/girls father and your coming to pick them up for an emergency
doctors appointment... and to go and get his/her books... then they sit in
the front office for 1/2 an hour, (and miss class).. then they say  ' Hey,
did you and some of your friends pull this stunt so you wouldnt have to goto
class?!?!?!.. Goto the principals office NOW!' Good 'eh?

 6) Heres some fun to have at the library... goto the magazine rack and
replace the Sports Ill. and the other widely read magazines with Playboy and
some of the others... (rip off the Sports. Ill. cover and put Playboy inside)
You should see the expressions on the girls faces when they open that sucker
up... (or on the teachers faces)...

 7) Hide a cheap radio ($3.00 things that you get from radio shack (am)) and
set it to blast when the locker is opend. (set it on some queer station) To
set the wiring up.. Open up the radio and disconnect one of the wires going
to the switch, turn the switch on. Now take the wire you just disconnected and
run it to another switch, and a wire from the other end of that switch to the
old switch... now tape the switch into the locker in a way that whenever the
locker is opend, the switch will go on, and whenever the door closes, the
switch will go off... this is embarrasing, especially when you cant find the
radio to turn it off...

   Well, I have coverd just a few more aspects of life in a school... so I
will be signing off now... call my bbs at: 201-575-4010, and keep those
teachers/students hopping... and look for.. yes I will... PART /// coming
soon to a terminal near you...

  ---===>>> WALKON <<<===---
            ------
