                 --> How to have fun at school <--
                     -------------------------
                     By: Walkon - 201-575-4010
                       Temple of the Un-Dead
                     General - Files - Section


       This works best if you happen to have alot of deralict friends, as
I do... Your first day of school you should bring the following items, to
insure a prosperous school year:

   1) Fountain pen (and extra ink refills)
   2) 3 tubes of Super Glue (Krazy Glue)
   3) Pennies (about $1.00 worth)
   4) Baloons (small sized for convieniance)
   5) Mirror (small hand held)
   6) Liquid soap
   7) Lighter, (matches as alternat)
   8) Firecrackers (ladyfingers are great)
   9) Screwdrivers and other tools (small)
  10) Small squeezable bottles (like nasal de-congestant type)
  11) Wire (10-20 ft)
  12) Tape recorder mic. (batter operated pref.)
  13) Ziplock baggies
  14) Half of an orange
  15) Ligth bulb (75 watts and over are great)

       This will do for now... Some of the cool things to do are, take the
pennies and glue them to the cafeteria tables, (and watch the custodians
try to get 'em off). (this also looks good with silver dollars glued to the
fire alarm (so it goes off when the custodian attempts to remove the coin)
and to a door someplace.... (principals preferably))

       Another thing to do with a coin is, heat it up over a bunson burner
(in chem) and just as the bell rings, toss the coin into the hall, I will
guarantee you will know when the coin is picked up... While your using the
bunson burner, fill your little squeeze bottle with gas, then cap it tight
and put it in your pocket... later, take a firecracker, and glue it to the
bottle, use a cigarette as a fuse extension, then put it in the bathroom,
and get to class fast... (gas and glue make a nice flame)...

       While your in the bathroom, place a light bulb over the door, and
when the superintendant goes to see what the explosion was, he gets a
nice little surprise...

       Now for the wire, if you can access a room near your locker, when
no one is in the room, take off the speaker cover on the pa system, and
hook 2 wires from it, to your mic. ( then into your locker) This is good
for getting your friends out of classes... Just ask for them... (use your
tools for that one, and try to be neat about it)...


        Now for your mirror, you can use this for getting your, uh...
"Friends" locker combanation.... after you get that, take that little
baggie you got, and put the orange in it... let it sit for a week or
four, then open the baggie, and place it in your friends locker... I
can guarentee he/she will love it...

        Another thing that is fun to do, is, Take a penny, and glue
it over the key hole on your friends gym locker, just after he goes
out, thus he has to truck around all day in his gym stuff, (unless
you rent him your screwdriver to pry the penny off)

        Ballons are fun to play with in chem lab, fill them with the
gas that you get out of the taps on the lab desks, then tie up the
baloon tight, and drop it out the window to the burnouts below, you
know, the ones that are always smoking, they love to pop baloons with
light cigaretts.... get the picture? Good...


        Those fountain pens are cool, because if you make a slight jerking
motion with your hand, ink squirts all over the room, (or person, what ever
your aiming at) It is a good idea not to let the teachers know you have one of
those, it makes it too easy to find out who did it when theres ink all over
the
principals face... (or on the floors, walls, and ceilings...)

        Liquid soap is great for use in crowded hallways, it turns everybody
into a ice skating star, (works especially well when people come in from the
rain)... If your school is anything like the one I goto, people never flush
the
toiletts, A little liquid soap in here makes for a nice surprise, I mean, what
happens when the soap is not flushed out of the toilett, and the suds are'nt
flushed out either? The janitors have a really good time trying to figure out
that one... (glue a quarter in one of the urinals, always ane)... Turn off the
water under the sinks too... Getting back to the soap, it is also good on the
hand railings in hallways and on steps, If you mix perfume with it, some poor
grub has to have that stench on him all day....

        I shall go into more depth at a later date, so look for a new
volume coming to a bbs near you... This was: How to have fun at school
part 1, (By: Walkon) Part 2 will be written as soon as I have some more
time...

       ---===>>> WALKON <<<===---
                 ------              SYSOP: TEMPLE OF THE UN-DEAD
                                               201 - 575 - 4010
                                            GENERAL FILES SECTION
