Sun Apr 7, 1991




                 How to Blow Up Your School and not get Caught
                                  By: Killer/MoM

I. Introduction
   A.  Discalimer        
II. Do you have the balls?
III. Scoping out the school
IV. What to use
V. How to strategically place the things you use
VI. Getting away
   A.  Good vehicles to use.
VII. Hints/Tips










     I.  Introduction

     Well,  at first I decided to write this for the first issue of DFX
International, but I never got around to giveing it to them, so I am just
realseing it.  I wrote this file because I feel I am pretty much experienced,
I have only been caugt once in my life, and that one time is the one that will
kill you.  You can get VERY heavy sentences for this, so be VERY
careful.  I think it's like 30 years, I don't remember, but it was
high.  I got lucky, they lost a lot of my papers at the court
house, and so I got off with Probation for 1 year.  I also got
caught w/ 2 hits of acid on me, but they didn't charge me with it. 
But, the judge said if I get caught again, then I will get charged
with it, so don't do anything for a while after you do this.  It's
not hard to do so just pay attention to what you are doing, and be
able to get away, and keep shut up about it.  You will be in high
heaven.

          A.  Disclaimer
     
     You can blame me for getting caught.  I don't give a fuck. I
am just glad you are doing it in the first place.  Just don't
expect to find me when they summon me to court.

     II.  Do you have the balls?

     This isn't a very good idea to do unless you have the balls
and nerves.  You can't be running and collapse because of being
scared.  In other words, don't be a chicken shit/pussy etc. and
don't be scared of the cops even if they raise their guns.  They
can't shoot you unless you are a threat to them or anyone in the
immediate vicinity danger.

     III. Scoping out the school

     Ok, first off, you are going to have to find a way to get in. 
Now then, w/ my experiences I have always just broken a window and
just jumped in, or the last time I did it, I just poured in
gasoline, and didn't worry about going inside.  Now, if the alarms
are the cheap ones that are tanish and are rectangle and have a LED
looking pad right in the middle/top part, they take a while for
them to register that you are there.  It took about 1 1/2 minutes
in my case.  They are pretty easy to get by.  It also helps if you
live out in BFE, rather than in the city since the Small Town cops
usually take their time in getting there especially if it is late
at night/early morning.  The pigs took around 45-60 minutes to get
to the last one I had the honor of doing.  We sat there and waited
for a while, then we went to the park next to it, and waited some
more, and finally he came by.  Well anyway, enough of the babbling. 
I don't have too much experience w/ those types of alarms, but I am
sure if you brought a hammer and jumped up there and broke it to
smithereens it wouldn't go off, or stop going off if it detected
you.  It's up to you to experience, at least until I get off of
probation.  Now then, if you are going to break a window, don't hit
it right in the middle, hit it in a corner.  Throw a medium sized
rock at it, and it should break.  The safety glass they used took
us about 10-15 minutes to break.  Of course we were hitting the
middle of the window, so that didn't help whatsoever.  We tried a
garbage can, a rock, the top of the receiver of a telephone I had
just destroyed and then we were about to give up, and I just
happened to hit the glass up top w/ the rock and k-blewey, there it
went.  Now then, I suggest you bring a hammer for the task, it will
help you out quite a bit.


     IV.  Supplies

Here is a simple list of supplies you will need.  Depending on what
you want to do.

1.  Mace - For the pigs/rent-a-cops to spray them in the face.
2.  Hammer - For breaking the window
3.  Duffle Bag - For carrying your supplies.
4.  Gasoline - For making Moltove Cocktails, or a fire.
5.  Oil - Also for the Moltove Cocktails.
6.  Gloves - For your protection.
7.  Rags - for the M.C's.
8   Matches - To light stuff
9.  Plastic Explosive - If you are going to blow it up.
10. Denotator - for the P.E.'s.
11. Dark Clothing - For Protection.
12. Shoes - Make sure you can run fast in them.


I really suggest you use Oil to burn things if you are going to
burn anything, it burns at a much higher temperature, and will do
a lot more damage.  Also, if you wish, make Napalm.  That always
works great.  You might also want to try thermite if you are
breaking into a door or something metal.


     V.  Strategies

     If you are going to blow the place up, don't just put your
explosives in the middle of a room or something, put it by a wall,
in a corner, by a metal beam in the ceiling, by the Air
Conditioner, in a Maintenance room, any where that looks like it
would take a wall down or something.  Also try and make it spread
out, but not too much.  If you are going to use M.C's, then throw
them on the carpet, or tile floors, or better yet in the Gym. 
Don't throw it on the cement where it won't do any damage.  Also,
the Trophy case is a good thing to hit, that will make them feel
really great to see all of them go up in smoke.  Hit the principles
office or the Registers or Book Room or Library. If you hit the
Library, the school will more than likely burn all the way down,
but no guarantees.  Always use big thin bottles too, and don't
forget to cork them, that will make a nice explosion, of course. 
In the end, just use common sense.







     VI.  Planning Your Get Away.

     If you are going on foot, it is a good idea to get in shape
and wear your dark clothes.  If not, then cover up your license
plates w/ mud or something of the sort, so no one can get it.  Also
make out more than one escape route. 

          A.  Good Vehicles to Use
     The best thing to use to get away speedily would be a dirt
bike.  They are fast and more maneuverable.  You can also get
through many places a car can't get through, and remember that when
you are getting away if you are being chased.  A car wouldn't be so
bad, just make sure it's fast as hell, and you know your way around
really good.  Use peoples driveways to park in, never go down a
dark alley and park.  They can shine their light on you and see you
just as easily as any other time of day, unless it is a highly
parked on alley.  A bike wouldn't be such a great idea because they
aren't as fast as a car or dirk bike.  They in a sense better than
feet, considering you could go fast usually.  But on feet is the
best advantage, you can go anywhere and do anything just about.  So
try and go by feet.

     VII.  Hints/Tips

     As w/ any crime, never brag about it, or tell anyone that you
did it.  A REALLY GOOD friend ratted on me, so now I am on
probation because I got lucky that they lost my court papers. 
Also, never sign anything, or say anything till your lawyer gets
there.  Be stubborn if you have to, and don't let the pig scare
you, because they know if they hit you or anything, they just lost
the case.  Never leave any evidence that you were there, and make
sure no one knows you are gone that night.  If you are going w/ a
friend, then don't have him stay the night that night, that will
rise even more suspicion.  Just be careful, and remember.  You are
doing this for the sake of all man kind.  You are saving yourself
from the boring 9 to 5 jobs.


Fred/MoM


