
                        The BOM Squad proudly presents
                        "Gross Revenge Tactics Part 1"
                               "The Shit Bomb!"     
                                 written by:
                                 Mr. Sandman

      There are all kinds of ways to make really gross things to get even
  with people. The first one I am going to discuss is the Shit bomb!
  There are many types of bombs you can make with shit. All are really 
  disgusting but are a great way to gross out some prick you don't like.
  The first one I will tell you about is simple but sweet. You've probably
  heard of it but in case you haven't here is what you do. Wait until night
  and get yourself a paper bag. Fill up this bag with shit. Grab some matches 
  or a lighter. Now go to the frontdoor of the persons house and set the bag 
  down on his front steps. Take your lighter and light the bag on fire. Now
  ring the doorbell a bunch of times and run like hell to a place where you
  can hide. When the person opens the door and sees the fire he will most 
  likely stamp it out and discover the little surprise you filles the bag 
  with all over his shoe.
      Here is another good method which is much more gross. However you 
  will need access to the persons house. This works best in a college dorm.
  Get a plastic bag and fill it up with a bunch of shit. Now take a working
  lightbulb and gently break or remove the glass without breaking the 
  filament. Get an M-80 and an extralong fuse. Attach the fuse to the M-80. 
  Put the M-80 in the bag of shit. Now attach the other end of the wick to the
  lightbulb filament. Here is where the fun begins. Grab yourself some duct 
  tape and then go into the persons room or house. Remove the lightbulb out of
  a reading lamp where they sit or an overhead light and replce it with your
  filament. Now take the duct tape and tape the bag of shitt to the ceiling
  or the inside of the lamp. Then get the hell out of there. When the person
  turns the light on the filament will get hot enough to ignite the fuse of
  the M-80. When the M-80 goes off shit will fly all over the place and 
  hopefully on your victim. Also, this method can also be done with a bag
  of stale urine. Just don't put the M-80 into the bag. Tape it to the 
  outside of it.  

        Look for more info like this later from the BOM Squad in upcoming
        files. If you have some gross revenge methods then type them up and
        consider joining our group. I can be contacted the Citadel of Raven
        or my own board The Garden of Souls.

