:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
:                                                                            
:
:                      Niffty Ideas For When Your Bored                     :
:                                                                            
:
:                       Brought to you by:                                   
:
:                                                                            
:
:                                          Night Scout                       
:
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::





Record Revenge
--------------
    One day when you and a friend are bored make a strong electromagnet that
will fit in a coat pocket then go into a record store and make like your
shopping picking up the tapes putting them back and if you made the
electomagnet strong enough when you walk by the tapes should erase, you can
do the same to video tapes causing the store to loose money.

Windows
-------
On a cold day take some rubber cement( the flammable kind) and go to someone's
house of whom you donot like put some rubber cement on the window, better if
you do it to a bay window, light it and leave.  The window should crack.

Parked Cars
-----------
If you find a car with its doors unlocked, especially at night go in turn on
the lights and leave, next morning the person will be pissed cause of his
stupidity to leave the lights on all night

Bike Track
----------
During the summer get together with some friends who have bikes(normal dirt,
not mechanical) and ride through people yards if you do this frequently then
the grass will ware away and you have a niffty little track.

Light Bulbs
-----------
Go up to someone's house and take out as many light bulbs as possible in one
night without being caught, be imaginative with your uses for them.

Trash
-----
Around spring cleaning time when people throw alot of stuff away.  Go out and
get stuff like carpet, televisions, tables, chairs, and set them up as if to
make a room right outside on their front lawn.

Painting
--------
If your mark lives in a single story house get some black spray paint and
paint all the windows.  Make paint bombs and throw at house for nice abstract
painting effect.  The bombs are easy to make and there are a couple of ways
to make them. One way is to take baggies and put paint inside close tightly
then throw or you can take milk cartons (small ones like at school) drink the
milk pour in paint reglue it and throw, these are excellent to throw at
parked cars from a moving car.  Florecent orange is great and if the people
don't really look harder to see on a white hose compared to black paint not
to mention the fun at night when their house starts to glow.

Barf
----
Barf is fun to use too and fake barf is more easier to obtain.  Here is a
recipe for it that works well.  Put all these things into a container,
baggie(zip-lock) in unlimited proportions.  Whipped cream, special K, grapes,
Hershey's Chocolate Syrup, maple syrup, dish detergent, and a little warm
water.  Zip-lock it and shake it should look brownish in color and smell
awlful.  Go to your marks house and dump on the front door, try to get inside
of screen, even more fun if the front door is open.

Delivery Services
-----------------
I know this kid who's a real ass and he works at a pizza shop so me and a
friend ordered a pizza to this house.  When he delivered it we threw rocks
and stuff at him.

Obstacles
---------
Get some fishing line, 20pound test kind.  Go up to someone's house and tie it
around their railing, at ankle level, and other things like trees, bushes and
something loose like lawn furnichure.  Then go up to their house and get them
to chase you, What fun!

Fireworks
---------
Get some bottle rockets and aim them right at your marks bay window, light.
Make a match stik bomb(end of file) and light on someones porch.  Ring bell
and run.

Swimming Pools
--------------
If your mark has a swimming pool get an awe and puncture the side of it as
close to the ground as possiable or maybe add some bubble bath to it ot if
you want to be really fuckin tight.  Get hold of some acid preferablly
hydochloric get the higher molar soulution you can then one night, right
before the have a pool party dump it in, it is going to take a lot but it
will be worth it tommarrow when they go in and a few minutes later they feel
really hot and their skin starts falling off.  If anybody out there has
gotten HCl on them and remember how it felt, think of it all over somebody.

Woodpiles
---------
The bigger they are the better they fall.  Get some friends together and have
them line up along the pile.  On the count of three push then get the hell
out of there.

     Whatever you do at night have fun doing it and don't get caught.  Some
recommendations, learn the yards around your neighborhood, knowing who has a
dog is useful too, learn to identify cars (cops, marks). Never chicken out if
someone in your group gets caught and you get away, have a set up where if
the mark takes the person in the house, have everyone else throw rocks at the
house so the person can escape.  If someone starts chasing you, get them to
chase you behind peoples houses then lead them to where you know there is a
wood pile. knock it over and keep running, chances are that if there are a
bunch of kids chasing you the guy will come out and assume they knocked over
his wood pile and fuck them over. Later.

Matchstik bomb
--------------
It is not a bomb that blows up but is more of a flare.  Go to a store like CVS
or Pathmark and buy some matches(they come in boxes and are about 43cents
each) rip apart package saving the cardboard box.  Get some good sharp
siccors and cut just below the match head, do this to the whole package
putting heads in cardboard box.  Get a container and put them in there.  I'll
use a tennis ball with a hole poked in it, get a fuse or take an old shirt
rip into little strips and substitute.  Put the fuse in the hole and pour in
matchheads, you may need 2 or more boxes.  Pack them tightly, then dump some
lighter fluid on the fuse ,light and get away.  You can put tape around the
hole so matchheads won't fall out.
