
Ever had that annoying friend who has nothing better to do than come round and
wants to play on your Amiga because he hasn't got one. Has he ever sat there in
the chair next to you comfy coding chair and made comments like.

"You demo isn't very good. Just look at that one SCOOPEX did... "
 
It is also pretty bad when he gets bored, because you wont play North & South
with him and starts messing with your stuff. Ie putting his drink next to your
hard drive and accidently kicking your power supply. Have you ever wanted to
tell him to F**K OFF but realised that would only mean him moaning and saying
things like 
              "If you really don't like me, tell me really honestly..."
 
Heres how to get rid of him. Simply type BYE and my code will pick up the hook
on your modem and send a ATD175 code to it. This means that it will dial the
ring test number (hope its the same where you live!) and then after 30 seconds
hang up again. This means that your phone will ring. All you do now is pick it
up and say.  
 

            "Hello? "
         (look at your watch) 
            "Oh my god! I forgot.. I will be there in just about ten minutes"
         (Then Hang up)
 
Now you tell your friend that you forgot to meet your dad or girlfriend and
they are really mad. Lamers hate awkward situations as they realise that they
have in fact invited themselves around and so they will say ahh well I better
be going as it seems you wont be playing a game of Kick off. 
 
Everytime I have used this it worked on my two lamer friend who come round and
bug me. If you have this problem, it will work for you too, providing you have
Kickstart 1.3 and an entry in your DEVS:mountlist for the AUX: device which
uses the L:Aux-handler. Oh yes you also need a Hayes Compatible modem. Which
can handle the same speed as you have set using preferences.
 
This program is Public Domain. You may change the name to something like QDIR
or anything subtle!
 
Another Fantastic Production from TAS! Of ZINE UK. Contact me for more on 
        
        ---------->     0 7 0 7   3 2 9 5 4 2      <---------

			 
TAS.

