        /:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/
        |:|                                                           |:|
        |:|                    Driving: Techniques                    |:|
        |:|                  For Escape and Evasion                   |:|
        |:|                                                           |:|
        /:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/:/

                              Vehicle Improvements

   Listed  below are  modifications which will  enchance both the performance
and  reliability  of  a  vehicle.  Also  listed  are modifications  which  will
serve  as  deterrents  to  an attack.

Tires  - Get the best radial  tires you can afford. Radials offer increased
durability, superior handling,  and better gas  mileage than  old-fashioned bias
ply tires. Also, to some degree, radials are bullet resistant.  Be sure to
slightly overinflate them  and fill them with run flat foam.

Heavy Duty Shocks and Springs - Other than good tires, nothing will improve your
car's handling more than top quality shocks and springs. Shock and springs are
items where price is an indication of quality, so get the best you can afford.

Lights - You should replace your old-fashioned sealed beam headlights with
quartz-iodine lights. These give off twice the light of the sealed beam units
and will enable you to drive much faster at night. There are quartz-iodine
lights to fit almost every vehicle. Auxillary lights should be mounted low and
angled slightly outward.

Spotlights - Four high intensity spotlights should be mounted high on your
wehicle. These will effectively blind an attacker. Three of the spotlights
should be directed to the front, one aiming straight ahead and the other two
angled slightly outboard. A forth light should be aimed to the rear.

Cut Out Switches - Cut out switches enable you to independently control each
light on your vehicle. The addition or elimination of various lights at night
will alter the appearance of your vehicle and might allow you to lose a pursuer.

C.B. Radio's - Even though C.B. radio's are a virtual party line, the fact that
somebody is always listing in could prove useful in an emergency. Also to be
considered is the use of two-way radio's between the car and the home.

Locking Gas Cap - A locking gas cap prevents anyone from using the tank as a
receptacle for explosives. It will also prevent Halloween pranksters from
putting unwanted items in the tank.

Guns and Crowbar in Trunk - Kidnappers have been known to throw the victim into
the trunk of his own car. A gun and a prying bar instrument such as a crowbar
could prove useful in an escape.

Pressurized Oil Slick - A pressurized device which sprays oil onto the roadway
will eliminate almost any pursuer.

Calthrops - Calthrops are metal spikes constructed so that one point is always
up. If thrown in the road behind you, they will flatten the tires of a pursuing
vehicle. One company who sells them is Beaver Products, P.O. Box 1580, Anna
Maria, FL 33501.

Thick Bolt Through Tailpipe - A thick heavy bolt put through the tailpipe and
welded into place will prevent a bomb from being placed in the exhaust system.

Smoke Screen - A cheap but effective smoke screen can be made as follows: First
drill a hole into the exhaust manifold of your car, and weld the nozzle of a
small plant sprayer over it. A gas line is then run from the nozzle to a pump
and container containing castor oil inside the vehicle. Clouds of ssmoke are
produced by pumping the castor oil onto the hot exhaust manifold.

Reinforced Ram Bumpers - Bumpers can be reinforced by bolting or welding extra
supports from the vehicle frame to the bumper. Further reinforcement can be made
by welding a two-inch metal pipe to the vehicle frame, right in back of the
bumper. These extra reinforcement could prove useful in a ramming situation.

                        Surveillance and Antisurveillance

  One of the keys to avoding a terriost attack is recognizing when you are under
surveillance -- sometimes for as long as several months prior to the attack.

  In order to stop an attack before it occurs, you must develop a surveillance
awareness. To develop this awareness you must be constantly alert to suspicious
people in the vicinity of your home and at work.

  In stalking their victims, terrorists have posed as laborers, hookers,
derilects, and used numerous other ruses. I do not expect you to become a raving
paranoid constantly on red alert against everyone and everything, but it should
be in the back of your mind that someone's eyes might be watching you.

                      Tactics of Professional Surveillance

  To my knowledge, there have been no instances of terrists using the
sophisticated techniques of surveillance employed by professional investigators.
Nevertheless, it can be assumed that sooner or later they will be using these
methods. In any case, it is always best to be prepared for anything.

                                 The Single Tail

  The easiest type of surveillance to detect is when you are being followed by a
single surveillant. The lone surveillant must stay close enough to keep you in
sight, yet far enough away to avoid detection -- no easy feat. In residential
areas, he can remain a few cars back due to the density of traffic. Also he has
the option of following the victim on a parallel street. In rural areas, about
all he can do is remain well back and hope for the best.



  The single tail may employ certain tricks of the trade to make his job easier.
At night, he may break a taillight or place a small luminous sticker on the rear
of the victim's vehicle to make it more distinguishable. To decrease the
possibility of detection, he may change his seating position or use various
types of disguise.

  Professional investigators, whether governmental or private, rarely conduct a
surveillance using a single unit. The risk of getting burned is just too great.

                              Parallel Surveillance

  This type of surveillance is conducted by two or more vehicles. One vehicle
tails the victim at a reasonable distance. His comrades follow on parallel
streets ready to take up close survillance should the victim turn. Obviously,
this method will not work in area where there are no parallel roads.

                                 Eluding a Tail

  The following will give you some general ideas on how to detect and elude a
vehicle surveillance.

(1) After running a red light or driving the wrong way on a one-way street,
    watch to see if anyone follows.
(2) While travelling on a freeway at high speed, suddenly cut across four lanes
of traffic and make an exit.
(3) After rounding a blind curve, make a bootlegger's turn and take off in the
opposite direction.
(4) After turning a corner, pull over and park. Take note of all vehicles
passing by.
(5) Go through alleys, dirt roads, or even cut across people's lawns.
(6) While driving over a long undivided bridge, then make a bootlegger's turn
(7) Have a friend follow you to detect any surveillance.

                                    Cornering

It is commonly held belief that the best way to handle corners is to blast
through them as quickly as possible. This is completely wrong. The speed at
which you exit a corner itself. Assuming identical cars, the car which exits the
corner at a greater speed will be going faster on any straight stretch of road
that follows.

Proper Apex - The apex of any turn is that point at which your wheels are
closest to the inside edge of the corner. By choosing a relatively late apex,
the drive can exit a corner at greater speed than if he had chosen an early one.

The 90-degree Turn - This is the most common turn, particulary in urban areas.
This turn is begun as far outside as possible. Obviously, if there is a lot of
traffic on the road, you are going to have to adjust your turn. In that case,
drive as far to the outside as you can within the confines of your lane.
Approaching the corner, gradually increase braking pressure to heavy breaking.
Be careful not to lock the brakes, as all this does is prevent you from
steering. If you feel any of the wheels locking up, let off the brakes for an
instant, then reapply them. After downshifting (manual transmission only), start
trailing off the brakes into the first third of the turn. Then gradually
increase the throttle to full acceleration coming out of the turn.

S Turns - Actually, this need not be a turn at all, as you can go straight
through it. Remember to set yourself up to take full advantage of and straight
that might follow.
                                      Turns

Bootlegger's Turn - This maneuver enables you to change your direction 180
degrees, without stopping, within the width of a two lane road. The bootlegger's
turn is eaisiest to do in cars having an automatic transmission and a hand
emergency brake. Here's how it's done.

(1)  Speed at around 25-30 m.p.h.
(2)  Get off the gas and crank the wheel 1/2 to 1/2 of a full turn. At the exact
same time, hit the emergency brake hard.
(3)  When your vehicle is at approximately 90 degrees, release the emergency
brake, step on the gas, and straighten out the steering wheel. If you have a
manual transmission, you will have to let out the clutch as you hit the gas.
(4)  Get out of the area fast.

This maneuver is easier to do if you make the emergency brake catch inoperative.
On hand brakes this can be done by putting strong tape across the release
button. On foot type brakes, you can put a piece of stiff garden hose behind the
handle of the brake release. Before practicing the bootlegger's turn, be sure
to inflate your tires to 40 lbs. p.s.i. Otherwise, the tires might blow.

Moonshiner's Turn (Reverse 180) - Looking like a bootlegger turn in reverse, the
moonshiner's turn allows you to change your direction 1800 degrees within the
confines of a two lane road, while going backwards.

(1)  Accelerate in reverse to 20-30 m.p.h.
(2)  Get off the gas and crank the steering wheel all the way to the left as
fast as you can.
(3)  When the car is 90 degrees, shift into a low gear, hit the gas, and
straighten out the steering wheel.
(4)  Get out of the are fast.

                                     Ramming

The basic steps involved in ramming a single vehicle stationary roadblock are as
follows.

(1)  Slow down almost to a complete stop and put the car in low gear. This will
     give the impression that you are going to stop.
(2)  Suddenly hit the gas hard and pick a ramming point.
(3)  Hit the target at an angle and keep the accelerator fully depressed through
the collision. Your speed at impact should be between 15 and 30 m.p.h.
(4)  After breaking through, get out of the area fast. Even if your car is badly
damaged, keep going.

* The ramming points are (1) the rear wheel and rear fender area;
and (2) the front wheel and front fender.

When ramming two vehicals hit inbetween the two, and follow the above steps.
 
