                                                ีออออออออออออออออออออออออธ
                                                ณ  Filename: FAXLOOP.TXT ณ
                                                ฦออออออออออออออออออออออออต
                                                ณ Title: The Fax of Life ณ
                                                ฦออออออออออออออออออออออออต
                                                ณ     By: Captain Hack   ณ
                                                ฦออออออออออออออออออออออออต
                                                ณ   Released: 06/23/95   ณ
                                                ฦออออออออออออออออออออออออต
                                                ณ   Danger: ฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐ   ณ
                                                ิออออออออออออออออออออออออพ
This is agood way to get back at a school or place of business you do not
like very much. Most fax machines used to use thermal paper that came in
rolls and was VERY expensive, but most machines use plain paper now. This is
much more effective with rolls, but is still costly even with plain. And if
the victim is a company, the revenues they can lose from their fax line being
busied out can be substantial.

All you need is:

A fax machine
3-4 sheets black construction paper
Tape

First, if you can program the number you're calling from into the machine,
since that name and number will be on top of every page, change it to someone
else's name and number whom you do not like. Now, call the victim's fax line,
and take the paper (which you already taped together to form one LONG sheet)
and feed it in. When you get both ends free of the machine (one having not
gone in yet, and one end already out), tape them together, so you get a big
black loop. THis eats all their paper, and uses all their toner, as well as
blocking up their fax line until they notice. Often in big corps, they don't
run to the fax machine everytime it rings, so you can leave the thing running
for quite a while before they hang up. Enjoy.

--hack
