                           How To Have Fun At School
                               Written By: Walkon

This works best if you happen to have alot of deralict friends, as I do...
Your first day of school you should bring the following items, to insure a
prosperous school Year:

:  Fountain pen (and extra ink refills)
:  Three (3) Tubes of Super Glue (Krazy Glue)
:  Pennies ($2.00 worth)
:  Balloons (small sized for convieniance)
:  Mirror (small hand held)
:  Liquid Soap
:  Lighter
:  Firecrackers (ladyfingers are fine)
:  screwdrivers and other small tools
:  Small sqeezable bottles (like nasal decongestant type)
:  Wire (10-20 ft.)
:  Tape recorder/Microphone/battery operated
:  Ziplock baggies
:  Half of an orange
:  Light bulb (75 watts and UP)

This will dor for now... Some of the cool things todo are, take the pennies
and glue them to the cafeteria tables.  Also glue silver dollars to the fire
alarms.

Another thing todo w/ a coin is heat it up over a bunson burner and just as
the bell rings, toss the coin into the hall, I will guarantee you will know
when the coin is picked up... While your using the bunson burner, fill your
little squeeze bottle w/ gas, then cap it tight and put it in your
pocket...later, take a firecracker, and glue it to the bottle, use a cigarette
as a fuse extension (to buy your self and alaby) and then put it in the
bathroom, and while your in the bathroom, place a light bulb over the door,
and when the superintendant goes to see what the explosion was, he gets a nice
little surprise...

Now for the wire, if you can access a room near your locker, when no body is
in the room, take off the speaker cover and the pa system, and hook 2 wires
from it, to your mic.  (then to your locker)  This is good for getting your
friends out of class.  Use the small tools and be very neat...Also if this is
possible run the wir through the cieling, so that noone becomes suspicious
about seeing a few wires dangling in YOUR locker.  Late organizations
(Athletics/band) have access to the building and you can possibly since some
classes are connected if one door is locked, try another...

Use your mirror and scope out peoples combinations, its going tobe tricky
beings that the reflection is in reverse, but if you have half a brain you can
rearange so that it will become correct.  Take the orange, let it sit for
about 4 1/2 weeks and then use your newly acquired combination.  People w/
floating lockers can make very good use of this.

Take a penny, and glue it over the key hole of a persons locker, just after
he/she goes out....depending on the locker, this could be say, a gym locker,
and do it when he changes clothes he will smell realy nice...

Balloons are fun to play w/ in chemistry class, fill them up w/ the gas that
you get out of the taps on the lab desks, then tie up the balloon, and drop it
out the window to the burnouts below, you the ones that are always smoking??
or throw it someplace nice and realy hot!!

Use your liquid soap after a nice rain storm and start squirting it everywhere
people learn how to skate realy quick!!  Also place the liquid soap in the
toilets in desks, chairs, handrails, stairs...etc...
