Alllll....right.

Hey ever wanta just have tons of phun with upperclass pig society.?
Sure yah have., Well heres how to have phun in a hotel.

I.

Choose your victims carefully. The best hotel is one that is holding a
convention. Science Fiction and Fantasy ones are ideal and the safest. Well what
yah do is dress to blend in with the crowd./conventoioneers. Then yah use yer
dress to hide yer "tools"......

"II.

The tooles:

1 set of jewlers screwdrivers
1 regular phillips head screwdriver
1 rehgular flat head screwdriver
1 handheld ham radio (optional)
1 cheap touch tomne phone (1 piece)
1 can of floral crystal (Californa C. Crystals)
1000 Jell-o packets
1 bar of sodium metal
100 gelatin capsules
1 box of soap detergent
15 rolls of toilet paper
1 package of ORTHO STUMP KILLER
1 pacjkage of sugar

III.

Now to prepare take the gel. tabs and put slivers of sodium metal in each
one. Make sure this stuff is almost dust. Pack half the tab with it. KEEPS
THIS SHIT AWAY FROM WATER. Blow all the excess dust off the tans. Use a
vacumn hoover in reverse. Now take equal parts of sugar and stump killer. Melt
them together at a low heat on the stove. Pour the liquid into several cans.
Insert a piece of tightyly wraped paper into them before the cool. Hide all
other things on yah. ESPECIALLY the radio.

IV.

Now your at the "Con" and yah wanta have some phun with secuirity. Well take yer
handy danDy radio and find the channel 'curity is on. Then say something like
"Hey guys I need help. We got a disturbance in 604 and I need backup RIGHT away.
If they don't reply. Repeat the repeat with more urgancy.This is really phun if
someone you hate is either having a party or sex in the room you mentioned.
Hehehehe. It's phun. Now at most hotels they have courtesy phones. Now usually
there will be a few "empty" modular phone jacks. Well late at night when no ones
looking just plug it in and either call Tibetian time if you can or rooms you
feel need to be called.Also many Cphones have handset that are Still removable..
Hehehehe. Yah can always yank the whole phone out of the wall and take it home.
Now take yer sodium tabs and flush one down  ten or so down several toilets.Then
GET THE FUCK AWAY!!! The sodiUM tabs will melt and the sodium will explode. So
will the toilet. Now take the floral crystals and drop some down drains. Later
they expand and clog them up. Also try stuffIng up the toilet so water runs all
over the floor. Then spread 4 or so handfulls around the floor. The crystall
expand and become quite slippery and hard to clean up. Jello and detergents
in the fountain or toilets is very phun. The srewdrivers yah use to undo
anything yah can. Then use the cands  with that stuff yah cooked up. Light the
paper and run. These suckers are strong smokebombs. Also the smoke mighT
set off the sprinklers on ALL floors. Make a hasty get away.

REMEBER THE TACOMA SHERATON IS FASCIST!!

Say This file brought to you by Robert Kennedy, Mirrored Requiem and others
like The Slash and Manta.
Later.....














 