ANARCHY PART 1 BY: HELL RIDER


Alright, first we'll establish the ground rules, then we'll get down to
buisness. I'm here to provide information, not to protect you from yourself.
I'm gonna warn you all once, and that's all. So be careful! There, I said it,
now lets do it.

In this article, and in future instalments, I will describe easy to make
bombs, and techniques of harassment. I take no resposibilty whatsoever for use
or missuse of the following information. It is purely for the sake of
knowledge gained.

Bomb number one.
Materials: shotgun shell, thin cardboard, glue, a cork, and a nail.
Proceedure:cut cardboard into fins, and glue them to the shell, percusion
cap up, so it looks like a rocket when stood up. Insert nail into cork until
tip peeks thru. Glue cork to shell so that nail lines up whith cap.
Wha-la!Throw at desired bad person. I call this one the nutbuster, cause
if it lands between a guys legs.

Bomb number two.
Materials: one liter soda bottle, some aluminum foil, p.C. Board etching fluid
(radio shack). Procedure:make foil into strips, and fill bottle about 1/6 full
with them. Pour 1/5 to 1/2 of the fluid into the bottle, cap quickly, and
throw at desored target fast(i mean fast!). Its not dangerous when do
properly, (i mean thrown fast), and results can be devastating if target is a
house with aluminum siding.


Bomb number three.
Materials: sugar, potasium nitrate (salt peter), matches, a fuse, very low
flame, pan.

Proceedure:combine four parts sugar to six parts potasium nitrate. Heat over
low flame until "plasticy". When it gels, remove from heat. Stick match heads
into it(to help it burn). Add a wick. What you have here is a pretty good
smokebomb. Its not flamable, but one pound is said to fill a city block.

ANARCHY PT.2 BY:

AN-ARCH-IST(AN/AR/KIST)n.1.one who regards all goverment as evil,
and belives, as a political ideal, in living without any goverment;
2.any person who stirs up violent revolt against  established rule.

AN-ARCH-Y(AN/AR/KI)n.the absence or lack of goverment; hence,
a condition of general confusion and terror resulting from the overthrow or
disregard of laws.

There! That's said and done. You don't know how many times i've been asked
"but whats it mean? "I belive that there is a grey to this subject, and that
it is not just white and black, like being a little bit pregnent. But enough
bullshit, on with buisness. First, I take no responsibilty for the actions of
others who use material within for legal, or illegal activities. 'Nuff said.

I'm sure at one time or another, we've all taken a potato and stuck it up the
tail pipe of a car to keep it from starting (yes, it does work).  Well, I have
a twist to this prank. All you need is a shotgun shell and a long piece of
wire, yep, you geussed it. Take the shotgun shell, and shove it up the tail
pipe of the car, until it falls in. After the car is driven a couple of miles,
the muffler will heat up the shell, and explode it. Neat, huh?

A lot of bombs require a fuse, and you may ask yourself, where do I get
such a fuse?  Well, ill tell ya. You make'm. The simpelest fuses can be
made with a gunpowder mixture. Gunpowder? Let me back up.

The general formula for black powder is, by weight, 15 parts powdered
potassium nitrate, 3 parts powdered charcoal, and 2 parts sulfur. The
ingriedents are ground, sepratly, as fine as possible, or fine enought to go
through a 100 mesh screen.

For a better quality powder, and 1/2 part of dextrine, and enough water to
form a thick mush. Stir and mix well and then rub it through a window screen
in a thin layer onto wax paper.

When the particles are firm, but slightly damp, sprinkle them with 1/2 part
fine graphite. Put them in a round bowl with a plastic cover and gently swirl
them so they become rond and uniform.

Next, put them on a winow screen and shake it gently
until all thh proper size pellets have fallen through.

Now onto the fuse. Use the dextrine but omit the graphite.
Use a piece of cotton string and stir it into the mush, which is wetter then
you you would use for gunpowder, and is well coated and hung to dry. Its
brittle, so I spray on a aerosol plastic, and the coat it with a rubber mold
compound,bought at any hobby store.

Then mix 1 1/2 ounces of black antimony sulfide,  2 1/2 ounces of potassium
chlorate,and 1 ounce of dextrine.

They are mixed wet, because dry the could explode. Then add the dextrine
and enough water to make a paste. Let it dry. To use, mix in enough carbon
tetrachloride (bought at any auto store) to make it a paste, and dip end
of fuse in. What you have is the same substance on the ends of flares and
allows easier lighting of fuse. Just use an old flare striker.

A simple but powerful bomb can be made by using the heads of every day
safty matches. Not the blue tipped kind. Grind up enough heads to fill
up desired pipe. Its tedious, but you can do quite a few while downloading
or whatching t.V. Place the in a plastic bag first before inserting. The
cuts down on possible sparks or powder getting in threads of pipe. The mouth
of the bag is folded back over the threads,and the powder put in.

It is also good to wrap the pipe with heavy wire to help increase resistance
so the bomb will shatter instead of just a couple places.  Drill cap, and hole
size should be as close to the size of the wick as possible. The plastic bag
should only cover the lower part of the fuse.

Well,thats all for now. Until we meet again,let's be careful out there.

ANARCHY PT.3 BY: HELL RIDER*

Today im gonna tell you how to make the "biggie", nitroglycerin.
I myself have not made this, feeling that it is to dangerous to fuck
around with, but, its kinda like having $20 bucks stashed in your wallet.
You know its there when you need it. Here goes:

ingredients:concentrated nitric acid
            concentrated sulfuric acid pure glycerin
            pure sodium carbonate
            pure water
            parafin
            clean cotton
            clean paper

materials:  clean beaker
            clean glass rod
            clean eyedropper
            watch with a second hand

instructions:

1. Mix equal amounts of the acids carefully in a beaker.
2. Stir the acids with glass rod.
3. Start slowly and carefully adding drops of water to this solution.

***Remember***

to do this carefully!!! If you add the glycerin too quickly,
it will cause the acid to overheat and set off the nitro already
made, blowing acid and glass fragments into your face.

4. When you see a reasonable layer of liquid above the acids, stop.
Add the acid-nitro solution to 20 or so its volume of water.
You will see the nitroglycerin precipitate immediatly.

5. After you've done this, try to draw off the water to get the nitro.

6.After you've done this, slowly add the sodium carbonate solution.
This will neutralize the acids and make the nitro much more stable.

Well, there you have it, and now, what to do with it.
Mix it with cotton and the saturate it with parafin.
Wrap paper around it and form some sort of tube.
This is basically how dynamite is made.
Use it as soon as possible, and be carful when transporting it.
Simply wire a m-80 or other suitable primer to it and, ba-boom!!!

A molotov you dont have to light:
a mixture of one part sodium peroxide and one part granulated
sugar will ignite gasoline if you put a few drops of water on it.

The best way is to use it is to spread the dry mixture on some cotton or
a piece of wool cut from a sweater. You want loose material to hold the
grains of the sodium peroxide and sugar. The wool is then wrapped around
the bottle and tapped firmly. The bottle is then filled with gas and a couple
of ounces of water is added. When the bottle breaks, the water reacts with the
mixture, igniting the gas.

A quikie:
take a chunk of calcium carbide and drop it into a toilet (perferably not your
own) and close the lid. Place a lit match or piece of paper near or on top of
the lid, by the crack, and leave. The gas is highly flameble and reacts with
water. Once it b uilds up and it starts to leak out, it will explode.

