    "Behold I will send forth many fishers, saith the Lord, and they
shall fish them; and after will I send for many hunters, and they shall
hunt them from  every mountain, and from every hill, and out of the
holes of the rocks."  Jeremiah 16:16

    In Matthew 4:19 and Mark 1:17, when calling out his disciples Jesus
said,  "follow Me, and I will make you fishers of men."  Here we have
the beginning of the fulfillment of Jeremiah's prophecy.  Most
Christians know that the Apostles and other d isciples were sent forth
as fishers of men.

    During this so called "Christian dispensation", the Christian
religion has  been taught in a manner "you can accept it or reject it
as you wish".  More or  less in the manner we go fishing.  Fishermen
take a line and a hook; put bait  on it; and then put the baited hook
into the water.  The fish can take it or  not as he wishes.  If the
bait is good, the fisherman thinks that he has done a good job because
he has caught a fish.  Just as a fisher-of-men believes that,  when he
preaches the go spel,  and people come to a knowledge of Jesus Christ,
he has done a good work.

   The fisher is usually blind as to what he is catching until after he
has the catch in his net or until he pulls his line out of the water.
But the hunter  is entirely different, he knows his game.  The only
people in the nation who  could be call ed "the hunters" are those who
know, among other things, the true  identity of God's Israel people.
They know their quarry.  They know what they  are hunting for and they
disregard all other things.  They go as hunters who  see the game
before the g ame sees them.

   In the parable of the supper (Luke 14) there were three stages:

1.  Fishing - To whomsoever will.  "Say to them that are bidden,
    Come..."
2.  Hunting - Search the city and "bring in the poor, maimed, halt and
    the  blind."
3.  Finally the king says to the servant "go out and compel them to
    come in..."

   We are getting ready for the banquet, the marriage supper of the
Lamb.  A  time will come when all will be compelled to comply with
God's will.

   How To Hunt The hunter has to know his game, keep his eyes open and
have a  weapon readily available.  The Bible is our main weapon and
battle strategy.  Education, exposure, and truth are our "bullets."

     Many of us have found it difficult to re-train our emotional bias
  concerning our rigid religious beliefs.  Those who are sucessful in
  this endeavor will be those who rely most firmly on the Word of God
  in spite of  prior deep-rooted traditions.  Only by putting on ALL of
  the armour of God  described in Isaiah 59:17 and Ephesians 6:14-17
  can we "withstand in the evil  day."

    God's armour consists of total protection for all parts of the body
of  Christ except the back, because He requires us to "STAND" after
having done all possible, not run from the battle.  The only weapon of
offence we are given is  "the sword of the Spirit, which is the Word of
God" which "is quick, and  powerful, and sharper than any two edged
sword."  It is the sword of truth  which the wicked dread and fear
which will deliver us from their hands.

    We must fear God and keep His commandments; for this is the whole
duty of  man. (Ecclesiastes 12:13)

    The churches have taught us that we must fear "the devil," although
Christ  said, "fear not them which kill the body, but are not able to
kill the soul;  but rather fear Him (God) which is able to destroy both
soul and body."  (Mattew 10:28)

    We are to fear no-one EXCEPT God, for it is our WHOLE duty.  And
that duty  is to OBEY.  "If you love Me, OBEY My commandments"  John
14:15

    It is the hunters who are now being gathered to track God's people
and  bring them home to Him in this end time.  Let us each be a hunter.
