                    (TCC) West Coast Division

                        P R E S E N T S:

          Interrogation Techniques for Fun and Profit!



     It  is easy to intercept transmissions. But the human  brain 
is still one of the safest places to keep information. This  file 
will help you pull information from the body's greatest fortress.

PAIN

Pain used to be the most popular sort of interrogation. The thumb 
screw  and  the rack were famous for 'loosening  a  strong  man's 
tounge'. Pain, however, is a two-edged weapon. Its infliction may 
bring  quick results - but a man pushed to extremes of  pain  may 
babble  anything his questioners wish to hear. Torture  can  also 
harden  a few individuals. They may resist until death, or  prove 
poor exhibits at a subsequent trail. Also torture can bring about 
negative propaganda towards the torturer.

THE FIVE "S'"

1.  STOP AND SEARCH: At checkpoints or random searches.  Clothing 
is checked for weapons, and people are checked against photos  to 
see if they are the suspects being searched for.

2.  SEGREGATION:  As  soon  as  possible,  suspects  should   be 
separated  from  one  another.  This  helps  to  break  down  the 
suspect's will and allows statements may by other suspects to  be 
checked. Also it reduced the possibility of two or more  suspects 
cooperating together to come up with a clever plan of escape.

3.  SILENCING:  A bag put over the suspects head  disorients  and 
isolates the subject. (We will get into more of this later)

4.  SPEED  OF  INTERROGATION: Initial  'safe'  question  throw  a 
suspect  off guard, and quick 'unsafe' questions may  be  answered 
unknowningly by the subject.

5. SAFEGUARD: Thick, steel, locked doors bar escape and crush the 
subject's will. You can also go further and handcuff the subject. 
When  you  handcuff a subject, make sure that the  handcuffs  are 
lock up and that the subject has his/her palms facing out.  Place 
the  handcuffs  on the joint between the hand and the  arm.  This 
way, even if the subject happens to have a key, it makes it  more 
difficult for the subject to escape. The object here is to crush
the idea of escaping and making  the subject  feeling helpless.
If you are going to bind the  subject, make  sure you do it right.
Immobilize him by tying him up in a chair with both feet and hands.  



SENSORY DEPRIVATION

     In civil custody, the same isolation is used as a tool throughout 
many  Western  countries.  Police  forces  can  deny  access   to 
solicitors  or  friends on the grounds that  information  may  be 
passed to the subject associates in crime. Techniques of  sensory 
deprivation can aid the process of isolation.
Hooded  or  crowned with an upturned bucket, the simple  lack  of 
light  and vision can swiftly break a prisoner's grasp on  normal 
realities.  The  use  of "white noise" - a  recording  of  sounds 
across  the  spectrum, not unlike the escape  of  hissing  steam, 
blots  out auditory contact with the world. Drugs used by  Syrian 
captors  on  Israeli  soldiers remove all  sensations  of  sight, 
smell, hearing and touch, but left the brain active.
     To  increase  time  disorientation,  periods  of  lightness   and 
darkness may be varied irregularly. Meals can be produced at  odd 
intervals  so a prisoner looses track of the days  of  captivity. 
Even  before  a formal interrogation has begun, the  suspect  has 
already lost contact with reality.
     Confusion and uncertainty are increased if his captors treat 
him with absolute "correctness". Many experts now regard such  an 
approach  as  more effective than abuse or  hostility  towards  a 
subject,  which  gives  him  a focus  towards  a  subject  and  a 
recognizable  opponent. The captors should reveal no emotion  and 
not  talk amongst themselves. They should  restrict  conversation 
with the prisoner to monosyllabic commands and orders.
     Since man is such a social animal, the surge of relief  when 
he  is  led into a room and comforted by an apparent  friend  may 
overwhelm his determination to keep silent.

SOFT MAN, HARD MAN

     The  'Hard Man, Soft Man' technique is definitely  the  most 
interesting form of non-drug interrogation to be produced in  the 
twentieth century.
     It  is basically this: One interrogator ('The Hard Man')  is 
violent and unfriendly. He insults and may physically attack  the 
subject.  The  other  interrogator  ('The  Soft  Man')  is  nice, 
friendly and compassionate. He may offer the subject something to 
eat or cigarettes. He also establishes a friendly relationship by 
opening  a  conversation, rather than conducting a  question  and 
answer period. One will hurt the subject, the other will  comfort 
the subject and et al. Despite awareness of the game he is caught 
in,  the prisoner finds it difficult not to relax and  lower  his 
guard with the 'Soft Man'. After this, is an easy task to get the 
subject to answer 'unsafe' questions.

BREAKING ALLIANCES

     The toughest job of an interrogator is getting the  prisoner 
to break faith with his friend or organization. He must  convince 
him that his group has rejected him or that they have  cooperated 
also,  thus exonerating him from silence. As his most  effective, 
the  interrogator  uses a mix of suggestion  and  deprivation  to 
persuade  the captive to identify with the new group  the  captor 
represents.

MISC.

          Here  are a few more ways of breaking down  a  person's 
will to resist.

1) Lack of sleep.

2) Sodium Penathol (Truth serum)

3)  Dousing  a  subject with water and  then  subjecting  him  to 
electric shocks. I should warn you to make sure that you use  low 
amperage, as ONE amp can kill a person that has been doused.

4)  Staking the subject down over a gopher hole and then  smoking 
the gopher out. 

5) Keeping the subject constantly cold or hot.

     Well,  that is about it from here. If you know of some  more 
nice  methods, pleas let me know at Pirate's Xchange or The  Dead 
Zone.

                Pirate's Xchange - (805)/485-2913
