



                                HANDY HINTS
                                    FOR
                             MESSIER MASSACRES


           "A guide to maximizing the mass-murderer's kill count"

                             By Full Force Frank*

*( Taken from Frank's bi-monthly publication, "Livin' In A Powderkeg And Givin' 
Off Sparks", available for $2.00 an issue (or trade for used women's shoes or
clippings about serial killers/mass-murderers) from: Full Force Productions, 
328 Flatbush Ave., Suite #119, Brooklyn, NY 11204. SEND NO MONEY, but write 
FIRST and Frank will tell you how you can get this mega weirdness! The address 
is current as of October 1991, although this file was written some time ago)





                               DISCLAIMER!

*****************************************************************************

 THIS ESSAY IS INTENDED FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY! THE ACT OF MASS-
MURDER IS A CRIME AS JUDGED BY THIS SOCIETY. THE EDITOR DOES NOT ENCOURAGE,
CONDONE, OR SUPPORT ANY TYPE OF CRIMINAL ACT. THE EDICTOR CATEGORICALLY
RECECTS AND RENOUNCES ANY AND ALL LEGAL, FINANCIAL, AND ETHICAL LIABILITY
THAT COULD ARISE AS A RESULT OF ANY ACT BY ANYONE IN RESPONSE TO THE
INFORMATION IN THIS ESSAY.

*****************************************************************************



    Hey! How are y'all doin'? This is Frank, yer eDICKtor. I'm sorry about
taking up space with dat disclaimer on top, but I figure that an essay
dealing with MAXIMIZING MASS-MURDER KILL COUNTS leaves a noticeable draft on
your humble eDICKtor's valuable position as a respected and law-abiding
member of the community. So, I am covering MY ASS with a disclaimer up
there!

    So anyway, today is December 22, 1989, a coupla dayz before Christmas.
Is your humble eDICKtor thinking of partridges in pear trees? Is he dream-
ing of a "White Christmas"? Is he prowling the streets of Brooklyn carrying
misletoe and holding it over strange women's feet as he pulls off their
shoes and kisses their feet? Is it even remotely possible that the festive
holiday season has managed to penetrate his psychopathic soul??? The answer
to ALL these questions is NO!

    On December 6th, about 2 weeks ago, Marc Lepine killed 14 young women in
Montreal, Canada and set an all-time record high for mass-murder kills in
one day for that country. Ever since then Frankster has had a major case of
mass-murder on his otherwise care-free and light headed brain. So, here we
are, after two weeks of these thoughts floating around my brain, they are
finally being put into written form in this essay. Isn't THAT special?!

    Let me first state the topic of this essay, which is: How To Kill A
Large Number Of People Using A Gun (Or Guns). Yes, you CAN kill lots of
people in other ways, such as poison, bombs, arson, etc...BUT you won't
learn how in THIS essay! HELL NO! Only GUNS are discussed in THESE pages.

    Yes, my friends, it's the All-American pastime called: Maximizing Your
Mass-Murder Kill Count- sure to come in handy on NUMEROUS occassions!

    The record high for mass-killings in the United States in a single day
using guns is TWENTY-ONE. On July 18, 1984, James Oliver Huberty walked into
a McDonalds fast-food resturant in San Ysidro, California and shot 21 people
dead. That is the record high. I personally think that is NOT a very high
number. Talk is cheap- talk is VERY cheap, my friends! So, let's SHOOT the
bull for awhile...

    The making of a successful massacre involves the following: good guns, a
powerful and LARGE quantity of ammunition, good shooting technique, element
of suprise attack, inability of victims to escape from confined areas, good
mental state of gunman, attack of a poorly defended location, and a single
and clear-cut goal. In MY opinion, this is THE basic checklist of the
ingredients needed for a successful massacre. Of course, there are NO
guarentees... Hell, you might invade a nunnery and one of the sisters might
have a loaded automatic underneath her habit and blow you away before you
can even START your massacre! The very nature of mass-murder involves
possibilities of risk and failure. What follows are simply my thoughts on
how to maximize the body count and minimize the risk of failure.

    We begin with guns and ammunition. The following have absolutely NO
BUSINESS being used in a massacre attempt: ALL .22, .25, .32, .38 caliber
guns, ALL revolvers, ALL semi-automatics with a magazine capacity of LESS
than 13 rounds.

    Look, we all know that any one bullet can kill any one person, assuming
that a head or heart shot is made. However, massacres are not controlled
situations- we need to use ammunition of sufficent power to cause death
without necessitating perfectly placed shots. And, in addition, we need a
large quantity of ammunition in a short period of time. Thus, ALL of the
"minor" caliber guns are out, and all revolvers are likewise eliminated. A
.357 or a .44 caliber magnum revolver is quite decent for something like an
assination attempt (or serial killings), but the have NO PLACE in a
massacre. In massacres, a balance must be reached between (1) A need for
destructive power, and (2) A need for a large amount of ammunition to be
accessible and ready to be fired immediately. This leaves semi-automatics
and full-automatics. Fully automatics are THE best, but they are very
difficult to accquire. There are books that describe how to convert a
semi-auto rifle to fire fully automatic, but I personally feel that unless
you are an experienced machinist or gunsmith, that the risks of attempting a
successful conversion outweigh the benefits of full-auto firepower.

    A semi-automatic, either rifle OR pistol, will get the job done only
slightly less successfully than the full-auto. Here are some conserative
numbers (it is quite easy to operate semi's even faster than this with some
practice): During a massacre, taking general aim without sighting in one the
target, one round can easily be fired every two seconds. If you choose to
sight in on the target, one shot every three seconds. Releasing an empty
magazine, inserting a fully loaded one and cycling a round into the chamber
is easily done in five to seven seconds. Using these figures, it is obvious
that in the time span of five minutes (which equals 300 seconds), between
100 and 150 rounds of ammunition can EASILY be fired. This number COULD
approach TWO HUNDRED if the gunman is familiar with the weapon and has
practiced speed shooting at a firing range prior to the massacre attempt.

    What caliber of ammunition is best? My personal choice is the 9mm (nine
millimeter) round. Besides the 9mm, I also like the .308 Winchester, the
.223, and the .45 ACP. As I said earlier, a balance between powerful ammo
and the need for a large amount of ammo is vital. Tipping the scale too far
in either direction could limit your kill count. I like the 9mm "speciality"
rounds. These bullets cost around $1.25 EACH, but if you're going to do a
massacre, I cannot see money being a viable consideration. The "Glaser
Safety Slug" is a 9mm bullet loaded with about 50-60 tiny pellets of #12
guage shot that explodes upon impact with the target. The "Multiple
Projectile Cartridge" actually seperates into TWO bullets once it is fired
from a gun, BEFORE it makes contact with it's target, thus for every round
fired, two seperate bullet entry wounds are created, each about 2-4 inches
apart from the other. Anyone looking to maximize kill counts should
consider these "buck-a-bullet" rounds.

    BUT, an important point must be made; MANY guns, even BRAND-NEW ones,
will only feed certain bullet types reliably. For example, many 9mm guns
will feed heavy, full metal jacket bullets perfectly, but if you use a
lightweight hollowpoint, there will be an occassional "failure to feed".
When you are in the middle of a massacre, the LAST thing you need is for
something like THIS to happen! Practice your shooting using the EXACT same
ammunition that you plan to use in the massacre. If you EVER experience even
ONE failure to feed or "stovepipe jam" using a particular ammunition, then
you should NEVER consider using this ammo in your massacre. What you SHOULD
consider is having your gun modified to feed that particular ammo if you
feel it is best for your massacre. Any gunsmith can do this for you. All you
have to do is bring the gun and a box of the ammo to the gunsmith. He can
"customize" your gun so that it will feed that ammo perfectly. Another thing
that most any gunsmith can do is replace your gun's standard "magazine
release button" with an extra-large and quicker releasing one. This offers a
small but possibly significant advantage in a massacre-type situation where
the gunman must release the empty magazines many times and replace them with
fully loaded ones. An extra-large button can make this action quicker and
more fumble-free, especially since the midst of a massacre is a stressful
time for the gunman.

    Lets talk magazines: Since a gunman can easily fire 100-150 rounds in a
five-minute time span, it is fairly obvious that one can never have too much
ammunition on hand. Anyone who undertakes a massacre with less than 500
rounds on hand is limiting himself. It may be that he will never get a
chance to shoot half that, but having more than need can never hurt (but,
having LESS than needed can HURT PLENTY!). Personally, I would take
ONE-THOUSAND rounds... Yes, it will be heavy, especially if you carry it all
on your person, but HEY- NOBODY EVER SAID MASSACRES WERE EASY! If you want
easy, then commit suicide. Successful massacres take dedication, planning,
effort, and determination... and MONEY too!

    You will need magazineS, LOTS of 'em! This is no problem in terms of
acquiring- any gun dealer will order, direct from the factory where the gun
was made, any number of magazines with no questions asked. For example: if
your gun uses 30 round magazines, you will need to order THIRTY-THREE mags.
Yes, 33! And fully load ALL of them with 30 rounds of ammunition before you
set out on your massacre. This will give you 1000 rounds at your immediate
disposal during the massacre. Obviously, if your semi-auto accepts smaller
or larger magazines, then you need to adjust the number of magazines needed
accordingly.

    You MUST have ALL of your magazines FULLY LOADED when you begin the
massacre, in order to maximize the kill count! It is FOOLISH to plan on
taking a "time-out" during the massacre to reload an empty magazine. It only
takes 5 to 7 SECONDS to release an empty magazine an insert a new, fully
loaded one. To actually LOAD an empty 30 round magazine would take about TWO
MINUTES! This is TOTALLY UNACCEPTABLE in a mass-murder situation.

    A semi-auto pistol that uses a 15 round magazine will do the job only a
LITTLE slower than a semi-auto rifle that uses 50 round mags! As long as you
start out with FULLY LOADED mags, and have a LOT of them, then a 15 round
semi-automatic pistol is good enough. Obviously, the rifle would be BETTER,
but the advantage would be quite small in my opinion.

    ANYONE who undertakes a massacre carrying only ONE firearm is a FOOL!
Guns DO jam. Guns malfunction. If you have only one and it fails after
you've only shot a few people, then your massacre is "shot to hell" (no pun
intended)! Unless you can clear the malfunction, the WHOLE THING IS OVER!
You MUST carry a MINIMUM of TWO GUNS, and if at all possible, they should be
IDENTICAL! EXACT same make and model. The reason this is important is
because of the MAGAZINES. If both guns are identical, then ALL of the
magazines you are carrying will function in EITHER gun. This is a BIG
advantage. I will say this: It is better to carry TWO guns, both identical,
than it is to carry FIVE guns that each use different mags. The odds of two
guns malfunctioning at the same time are very small. Obviously, if you can
get THREE guns of the SAME make and model, that's better than two! However,
anything over three guns is OVERKILL (no pun intended)! It is much better to
carry extra magazines than it is to carry extra guns. Three guns are enough.
Carrying more than that will slow you down, and could limit the number of
MAGAZINES that you can carry. In this case, BULLETS are MORE important than
guns.

    We now move to a new topic, which is: "Good Shooting Techniques". Good
shooting techniques in a mass-murder situation are different than in any
other shooting situation. Accuracy is NOT very important. Making every shot
count is NOT very important. Conserving ammunition is NOT very important.
"One shot-one kill" is NOT very important. Avoiding hitting innocent
bystanders is of NO IMPORTANCE AT ALL!!! I will tell you what IS important:
It is VITAL that you get people down on the ground at the start of the
massacre. This is so they cannot escape or try to wrestle your weapon away
from you. At the start of a massacre, you NEVER aim at ANYONE'S head! You
shoot in wide arcs, covering all of your targets, and you aim at the
midsection of the body. You hit people in the lower chest, stomach, groin,
and upper thigh area... the midsection. This is THE most effective type of
fire at the START of a mass killing. The wounds caused by these midsection
will put the injured ON THE GROUND. FATALITY is NOT the goal of this first
barrage of gunfire. The goal IS to immobilize the people so that your
position is unchallenged by ANYONE. Even those people not hit by gunfire
will most likely be in shock over all the blood pouring out of their
friends/relatives/co-workers,etc... Once this initial barrage of gunfire,
probably 40-60 rounds worth has been fired. Now you can deliberately sight
in on the wounded and finish each one off with four or five shots to the
chest area. 4-5 hits to the chest area have a about a 95% fatality rate.
Since the chest area is BIGGER than the head, that is why I would aim at the
chest. However, the visual feast of seeing "brains getting blown out" is an


important consideration. If you are an experienced target shooter and have
good eyesight (I do not have good eyesight), then you can choose to
concentrate on head and face shots rather than those to the chest. The
fatality rate will be just as good, if not better, and you will have the
more exciting visual situation. However, if you are not experienced with
shooting the gun, then I suggest sticking to the chest area to maximize the
kill count.

    One VERY important point: If your massacre takes place in a situation
where one or more of the people involved attempts to resist OR to encourage
other people to resist, OR is viewed as an "authority figure" by the other
members of the group you plan to massacre, you MUST, I repeat you MUST kill
this person first! Shoot him 25 times!!! Mutilate his body with gunfire!
This is crucial- you MUST assume COMPLETE CONTROL over the group at the
START of the massacre. Let me explain: The fact is that if you are a lone
gunman against...let's say...fifty people. Those fifty people, all unarmed
even, can easily rush you and disarm you IF they have a "leader", someone
who gives the orders and is respected and viewed as an "authority figure" by
the others in the group. This type of situation virtually never occurs,
because people are in shock and are too frightened to think of anything
except begging for mercy, praying to God, hugging their wounded friends,
etc... But if there is a leader in that group of people, then HE IS
DANGEROUS! You MUST single him out and kill him FIRST! If you kill him, then
the other people will immediately abandon any thought of overpowering you by
sheer numbers. The way to spot an "authority figure" is to locate the source
of the loudest coherant words and/or shouting of instructions. Nobody ever
expects a massacre- There will definately be TOTAL confusion as the shooting
begins. IF there IS indeed an "authority figure" present, this person will
most likely attempt to give some "orders" by shouting things like: "Run to
the nearest exits!" or "Don't panic people!" or "Rush him! Grab his gun!",
etc... Your job as a mass killer is to locate the person whose voice you
hear- everyone else will be crying or praying or screaming incoherantly.
Locate this "authority figure" and concentrate your gunfire on him and anyone
around him until the shouting of instructions stops! Then, this "leader" is
most likely dead, and you can resume sweeping the entire area as before.

    In closing, I will say this: There is absolutely NO excuse for any large
number of WOUNDED people to survive. If you shoot a person anywhere, even if
it's only in the arm or the leg, this person is most likely on the ground.
He is an easy target. Finish him off with a burst of gunfire to the head or
chest. Fatalities are what count- not the wounded that eventually recover.
Don't ever be stingy with the ammunition- Like I said before, carry 500
rounds as the minimum. If someone is lying on the ground and you see him
moving an arm or a leg, shoot into that area until you see his body jerk and
you recognize a hit, then continue to sweep the entire room. Don't spend TOO
much time on any one person, but DO keep in mind that as long as someone is
moving he is still alive. DO NOT assume that he will bleed to death...
FINISH THE JOB!

    I personally view Patrick Purdy's Stockton, California schoolyard
shooting spree as a horrible failure in terms of body count. He fired
approx. 110 shots, hit 34 people, and only KILLED FIVE PEOPLE! From my point
of view, this is hard to believe. There were 29 OTHER people, most LITTLE
CHILDREN who were HIT by GUNFIRE! But Purdy did NOT finish the job. They
WERE on the ground...he just failed to finish them off!

    Marc Lepine, on the other hand, shot a total of 27 people; of those 27,
FOURTEEN of them DIED! This is OBVIOUSLY much more impressive than what
Purdy did. More than HALF of those that LEPINE shot ACTUALLY DIED. 14
fatally shot, 13 shot but survived. I personally feel that ANY massacre,
where more than HALF of those shot survive their wounds, must be considered
a failure, at least from the point of this essay. Let me just emphasize once
again that this essay deals with only ONE particular aspect of mass-murder,
and that is how to obtain a MAXIMUM BODY COUNT.

    I'm not saying that this is the best or only proper (?) way to do a
mass-murder... I will not argue with anyone who says it is more "courageous"
to do a mass-murder in a police station rather than a schoolyard... But the
entire focus of this essay is centered on the one goal of MAX. DEATH!

    O.k., let us now briefly examine the "element of suprise attack" and
it's importance to mass-murder. I do NOT think it is a very crucial element.
The fact is that most EVERY mass-murder is a TOTAL suprise. NOBODY can EVER
predict that a certain person will attempt a mass-shooting on a particular
day in a particular place. The only precautions a gunman needs to take
involves simple common sense. If you write threatening letters in which you
indicate that you are planning a massacre in a particular location, then you
are a FOOL! If you are driving towards the place you plan to do a
mass-killing and you get out of your car a block away and walk the final
block with your rifle clearly visible to everyone on the street, then you
are a FOOL! I'm sure you get the point- If you are serious about doing this
and use ordinary common sense in your approach, then the "element of suprise
attack" will be successful.

    The next point is "picking a poorly defended place to attack". This is a
bit more complicated. Obviously, to maximize the body count, you do not
attack a police station. You may kill 3 or 4 pigs, but since there is an
abundance of firearms there, eventually a pig will shoot you! I'm not
knocking this idea- it's damn decent... but if you wish to achieve a maximum
body count, it's the WRONG way to go!

    It is a fact that LOTS of ordinary people own guns for self-protection
purposes. Anytime you attempt a mass-murder, you run the risk of an ordinary
citizen pulling out a gun and shooting you. This CAN happen in most any
situation, although some things DO increase the likelihood. ANY massacre
attempt in a truly large or wide-open area such as an amusement park,
stadium, movie theatre, etc. involves a considerably high risk. One of the
places with the LEAST risk are SCHOOLS: large number of people to kill, and
a very minimal risk of return-fire. Another ideal situation is one in which
the gunman is familiar with the people he is killing. For example: a man can
throw a big party for all his close "friends" and relatives. In most cases,
he will know with near certainty that none of these people carry guns, thus
virtually no risk of return-fire.

    Another useful tool in CERTAIN situations is the FRISKING of people for
weapons. This is NOT APPLICABLE in MANY situations due to the time factor.
But if a gunman enters a confined area with no suspicion aroused to anyone
on the outside, then he could produce his weapon, point it at the people,
order them to put their hands over their heads, and then perform a frisk on
each person. Then, he can open fire and begin the massacre with complete
confidence, knowing that none of the victims are armed.

    One thing is certain: When you attempt a mass-murder, you risk your own
life in the process. You must be willing to die. This does NOT mean that you
should commit suicide at the end of the massacre, or that you should force a
gun battle with the police when they arrive on the scene. If you choose
these options that is up to you, and I respect that.

    I would not do either of these two things. I do not hate myself. I hate
other people and I hate society in general. I may be WILLING to die, hell, I
MUST be willing to die if I attempt a mass-killing... This does NOT mean,
however, that I am EAGER to die, or have a "death wish".

    Let us move merrily along to: "Inability of Victims to Escape From
Confined Areas". This is rather important, and is something that is
sometimes overlooked. Mass-murder can happen in an open area, such as a
stadium, concert, etc... or just prowling the streets... Witness Howard
Unruh, who killed 13 people in one day prowling the streets of Camden, New
Jersey back in 1949...

    However, entrapping and containing a group of people in a confined area
would seem to be the best way to maximize the kill count. A gunman who plans
to attack a certain building, house, or room should attempt to familiarize
himself with the layout of the structure. The basic questions must be: How
many exits to the outside are there from the structure, how many does each
particular room have, and where do they lead? You need to take into account
the fact that every individual room could be used as a confined area. Most
buildings have MORE than ONE exit, even private houses have a front and back
exit. If you do not think this through in your mind, the consequences can be
VERY serious. You MUST know where the exits are located in order to plan an
attack.

    If the building that you plan to attack is a small one with only people
that you have chosen to kill inside, then you must find a way to seal off
all exits except the one through which you enter. On the other hand, if the
building is large and you do NOT have any particular victims in mind, it may
not be necessary to seal off outside exits. What you can do is create a
"confined area" in INDIVIDUAL ROOMS. Most rooms have only one door leading
into a hallway. There is no exit from the room onto the street, only into a
hallway. With only one door, it is a cinch to block this door with your own
presence and massacre all the people in that room. If the rooms have
windows, then you need to consider this as a possible method of escape.

    Another useful detail is whether the door opens from the inside outward,
or from outside inward. Let me give you an example of an ideal massacre
situation: a large room full of people located in a large building, no
windows in the room, only one door leading into the hallway, and this door
opens from the outside inward, meaning that someone in the hallway would
have to push the door FORWARDS to enter the room. This scenario would be
IDEAL for a massacre. Mass-murderer heaven (or should I say hell?). Of
course, it's not necessary to have this "perfect" type of situation in order
to do a successful massacre... ANY type of building or room can be turned
into a "confined area" as long as the gunman is familiar with the layout.
Blocking off all of a buildings exits prior to a massacre with the use of a
large bottle of gasoline (setting off a fire in front of each exit) is one
possibility.

    The next item is : "A Good Mental State of the Shooter". To some people
it may sound strange to refer to a "good mental state" during a mass-murder
rampage, but I see nothing strange about it. There is absolutely NOTHING
inherently insane about mass-murder- it is a conscious, rational decision
that a person reaches after considering all the options and deciding the act
of killing a group of people is a worthwhile and logical thing to do, based
on this person's own reality and life experience. I think this is true for
most mass-murderers.

    Sometimes a gunman has been found to be HIGH on drugs and/or alcohol at
the time of the massacre. This is NOT common. Most massacres occur when the
gunman is COMPLETELY SOBER. My personal opinion is that a person who is
stone-cold sober as he massacres his victims is more likely to get genuine
pleasure from the killings. More importantly, the massacre will be a
completely honest and true expression of his anger, rather than having the
emotions expanded or diluted by drugs and/or alcohol.

    I feel that this is even MORE important if the gunman plans to NOT
commit suicide- If he is captured, he will spend the REST OF HIS LIFE either
in jail or a mental hospital. The WONDERFUL MEMORY of HIS massacre will have
to sustain him for the REST OF HIS LIFE! If he was high during the massacre,
his memory could easily be distorted or blurry. On the other hand, if he was
stone sober, the details will remain etched on his mind and soul for as long
as he lives, at least this is my opinion.

    The gunman also needs to have: "A Single and Clear-cut Goal". Ideally,
he will have replayed the massacre THOUSANDS of times in his MIND BEFORE he
actually commits it... This way, every scenario that could possibly occur
will have been thought out by the gunman. AND...he will have chosen to act
on the one that will bring him the MOST PLEASURE- the one that he views as
being most true to his own personal hate and anger and view of the world
that created him and turned him into a person unable to feel compassion for
any other human being.

    The massacre itself must be single-minded, as there will be NO TIME to
THINK about the actual scene as the bullets are flying... The memory will be
forever etched in his mind, but as it's coming down ALL thoughts MUST be on
the practical: changing magazines, aiming at the different people, moving
from one area to another, on guard for any counter-attack, etc...

    I personally feel that in most cases one thought is flashing through his
mind over and over as the bullets fly out of his weapon and into human
flesh- and that thought is "WHY?" I think that as he kills, as he sees the
blood pouring, the life ebbing out of other human beings because of him,
deep within his soul he is thinking "WHY?". No, he feels NOT ONE SHRED of
pity or remorse... He is simply recalling his own dead soul and mourning for
himself. He is mourning his own dead soul as he murders the people. This is
how I view the act of mass-murder.




Hey everybody!!! I think I've finished... Wuz dat a heavy trip, or what???
As you probably realize by now, I wasn't bullshittin' when I wrote in the
beginning of this essay that Frankster has had a major dose of mass-murder
on his brain. Now all of youse guys and gals have a tiny snippet of my
reality. Just be grateful and thankful that you don't actually have my brain
with you for a lifetime like I do. All of you can just put down this zine,
throw it in the garbage, or stuff it on a shelf and go back to your own
realitys. I can't do that. THIS is MY reality and it NEVER goes away... It's
here EVERY MINUTE of EVERY DAY of EVERY YEAR until the day I die.

    As usual, I welcome ANY and ALL comments, questions, ideas, theorys,
etc... Either positive or negative, it does not matter- NOBODY can EVER
reach deep enough into my soul to change my mind about anything, but I do
like to hear other people's thoughts and opinions.

Thanks for reading my mind.




                                  -Frank
                                  -December 22, 1989


* [ A special note from Psycho:

    Hey d00ds! Is this POWERFUL stuff or what??? If your into murder, serial
    killings, beatings, sexual perversions, cannabalism, torture, dis-
    memberment and all the other FUN things in life, you owe it to yourself
    to order a copy of "Livin' In A Powderkeg And Givin Off Sparks" for your     
    very own! Just write FIRST, then send $2 or a pair of women's shoes (no      
    shit!!!) to the address at the top of this file, and ol' Frankster'll fix 
ya right
    up! Issues #1 & 2 are all SOLD OUT, but #3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 & 11 are    
    available, with #11 on the way as I write this. Also, Frank is working on a  
    video version of his zine, which will go for $10. Guaranteed to scare the    
    piss outta any "drop-by" guests!!! Also, Frank is coming out with a "Marc
    Lepine (the Canadian guy who shot up all those women "feminists")
    Memorial Tribute", which will go for the same price as one of his
    regular zines.

                     Later folks, I gotta go practice firearm safety-

BHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA!!!

                                          -The Green River Killer ]
