                        Mindless Mayhem  Issue 2 <wow!>

        Once again, I have to say that this file MAY contain horrid,
        evil, sick, demented, poorly slapped together, sloppy, 
        obtrusive, misspelled, nazi punkified work.  Pretty neato,
        eh?
        Also, I am not responsible for any of the actions contained
        wherein, because I was probably on an adrenaline high.
        I'll take NO responsibility of ANY actions you take after
        reading this text.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 


 oh yeah, today is 5/18/91. 


- -

                There has been some talk that lye bomb's do NOT work.
        Well, I really wouldn't know, 'cause I never stuck around 
        to see if it worked.  I have been told by a chemist friend 
        that it doesn't balance out, and the only real effect you'd
        get out of it is (Al+ NaOH + H20) a soggy aluminum and dilute 
        NaOH.  Well that's life, ain't it?
                Enough downer's.  Today, we get to discuss some 
        (un)Mindless Mayhem, Breaking and Entry.  

                There is NO possible way for me to cover all forms
        of breaking and entry, knocking out alarms, keeping you from
        making stupid mistakes, getting caught, etc.  However, I can
        offer some advice (note, I'm not saying HOW to do it, just 
        some ideas in case you go ahead and try anyway),  and it's
        free (unless this file cost you something, which it would on
        my board), so if you want you can take it with a shaker of 
        salt.

                Why do that when you can card?  Why do that when you
        can mug kids?  To answer that question, I have come up with 
        a rather interesting answer: Why not?  I mean, after all, 
        this type of activity gives you a great adrenaline rush, get
        you some real good stuff, and can make you lots of money if
        you have a fence or people willing to buy it directly from
        you.  The only drawbacks I see are:  getting caught (eew)
        and severly injuring yourself in the process.  
                
                Anyway, favourite sites to hit are construction
        sites, because they have those neat trailers and you can 
        never know what's in them.  I will describe a typical break 
        in at one, and what Is used to do it.

                Supplies:  Back Pack, crowbar, flashlight, 
                           dark clothing, some form of contact
                           with your lookout, a lookout (wow),
                           and good eyesight or a 6th sense.
                           Along with a pair of gloves. 

                Why do you need these?  Well, let me try to explain:
        Backpack's can carry things. Wow.  You can carry the bar, 
        flashlight, radio (i used that to keep in touch with my 
        lookouts), wire cutters if you want, BB gun, whatever. 
        They also can carry a bigger folded up bag to carry ill-
        -gotten booty in.  
        Crowbars can break windows, pry open things, break things you
        can't take (like that 200 ton 1976 photocopier) etc.
        Flashlight so you can see!  Only an idiot would turn on
        the lights in a place like that at night.  If they (the 
        lights) are already on, leave them on and just slink by the
        windows.
        Dark Clothing is self explanatory and so are the last two.

                Ok, here we go.  lookout would drop X off about
        1 or 2 blocks away from the 'hit place' and they'd chat via the
        radio's until X got there, then keep silence until something
        comes up (a car, cop or whatever) approaching, or something 
        of interest that X wouldnt want, but they might, etc.
                When X arrived the place, X'd describe it to them
        as X looked for a good place to try to get in.  X'd try to make
        the cleanest possible break in, so X'd check the windows to 
        see if they are unlocked (to avoid noise of breaking glass),
        doors, vents, etc.  If X had to break glass, X would let 
        them know, and X would look for bugs on the glass or 
        something to that effect.  If satisfactory, X would break it,
        remove all pieces of glass left in the frame, or slide it 
        open if X now had access to the lock.
                After that, X'd climb in.  but BEFORE X went in,
        X'd make a quick scan for an in-wall-mount alarm (those
        keypads).  If there is none, X would enter and procede to 
        clean out the room.  X would NOT pick up the phone, because
        some places have alarms on them and make a real loud noise 
        some hidden speaker.  X would disconnect them (if any good)
        and place them in the bag, and if time permits describe the
        place to the look outs. (note they are using 2 way FM radios)
        as X is doing this, X'd search the desks for things of use,
        and pretty much take everything that isn't nailed down, then
        use the crowbar to undo the nails, if you get my picture.
        Then X'd look at the door of the room, and then beyond with-
        out leaving the room.  Again, this is a check for those key
        -pad things.  If it seems ok, X'd go in, and do the same as
        in the other rooms.  If there was something big, but worth
        taking, X'd call the lookouts and see which one wanted to
        come and help X load the car (that they'd bring).  If there
        was a back door, X'd unlock it, and continue looking around,
        sometimes having a snack if any were out (like in the fridge,
        or in the freezer.), or maybe a cup of coffee or water.
        The lookouts most likely would want a better description
        of the place, and that's a good idea to do as long as you 
        dont sit down and become oblivous to the world around you.
        Anyway, if your backpack and bag become filled, just 
        deposit them outside, and then take some more, fill your
        coat, carry what you can.  Sometimes there are blue-prints,
        which can be fun and logical to keep, because after the
        places are built (assuming they arent homes or even if they
        are) they could be used for future planning, if you decide
        to come back.  
                By now, the lookout #3 mostlikely has arrived, and 
        they'd load the trunk and leave. X's most recent hit was worth
        about $1,800.  I know this because it said so in the Police
        Notebook in my neighbourhood paper.  

                Looking back at this, I can see I didn't do that well of a 
        job telling you HOW to do it, but there are some good 
        pointers in there.  Things like pagers can be sold to people
        that need them for a short time, and the fax machines and 
        such can be kept for personal use or sold for a decent 
        amount.  X had NEVER found any liquid cash, but you may be 
        lucky.  X was only caught once, and this was in 7th grade, 
        and that was done in a very stupid (childish?) manner.  So
        you can see just how easy this can be, with some well thought
        out plans ahead of time.


Next issue, we will be discussing something unyet thought of.
If you feel compelled, please give Destiny Knights a ring
at 708/307-3768.  We'd be happy to hear from ya.  
- -
This file, of course, can be freely copied as long as you don't
add or take anything out of it.  Anyone that would do such a thing
falls under my exclusive "Loser Listing" of which several of my
users are now under for doing so to other's text files.
--
Mindless Mayhem is published at random intervals by a band of
gypsies at Destiny Knights.  Textual contents are our property,
but we can't stop you from changing them, can we?
Editing this file without previous written permission is prohibited
and punishable by having to dream up next issue's punishment.

Watch for our PO Box soon!
