
                        How To Have Phun In School

        Ok....here are a few of my ideas on how to make school interesting 
 for you and a living hell for others....

        Section 1- Pissing Off Your Teachers
                
                1)Getting to class early (i know this goes against all your
                  principals..but)...and steal every piece of chalk in
                  sight.
                2)Writing all your homework backwards and when questioned
                  about it...you and your friends say it looks fine to you.
                3)Turning the thurmostat dial as high as it goes.
                4)Whenever your yelled at....rip out your pack of mentos
                  and smile like that pecker on tv.
                5)Come to class naked.
                6)When doing a punishment assignment...like writing a word
                  500 times.....periodically switch a the word with something
                  kewl...for instance i recently had to write the word 
                  mastication 250 times for chewing gum in school so i wrote
                  something like: "mastication mastication mastication
                  mastication masterbation mastication mastication..."
                  Get the idea?
        
        Section 2- Terrorizing Kids
                
                7)Walk up to some girl and say "Nice outfit..but it would
                  look better crumpeled up in the corner of my room."
                8)Scream at EVERY one you see for no apparent reason and 
                  walk away.
                9)Steal demerit sheets and fill em in for all the followers
                  you know.
               10)Get a pair of those stupid x-ray specs and walk around
                  with them on staring at kids suggestivly.
               11)Go around stealing or borrowing pens off of lamers...bic 
                  perferably....take the front off of it...the part you write
                  with...now you should have a tube in one hand and a ball
                  tip with the ink rod still attached....well...pull that ink
                  rod off of the pen itself....you will notice it start to
                  bubble off of the bottom of the rod.....now..quickly put
                  it back on the ball point part....put the pen back together
                  be sure not to let too much of the ink escape.....give the 
                  to some dork that all ways wants to borrow one off of you...
                  tell him he can keep it.....with the air you have let into it
                  it won't be long till it explodes allll over him and what ever
                  he is writing..hehe
               12)take all of those damn scan-tron sheets and get your nifty
                  #2 pencil ready...there is a verticle row of black boxes
                  on the left of the paper..take your pencil and randomly 
                  fill in the spaces in between the boxes on every paper you
                  get that ain't yours...then pass them forward...those black
                  boxes are timer marks for the machine to locate and match
                  answers from the key to your paper...so if there are more 
                  timers than there should be..it will mark the answers wrong.
                  
        Section 3- Terrorizing Those Retard Mantence Workers

               11)Go to computer class and pull out all the keys and put them
                  in alfabetical order or some stupid shit like that for 
                  lamers who look at the keys...try them upsidedown.
               12)Scratch "Satin Was Here And Will Be Back For You" in real
                  wicked letters on all the desks you see.
               13)Disconnect all the printers in the computer labs and see
                  if they they figure out how to fix em or if they buy new ones.
               14)Clogg all the sinks and turn em on.
               15)Shit in the sinks instead of the toilets....or shit in 
                  the stalls.
               

        I hope you now have a purpose in going to school.....i know i still 
 don't...


                                _-Storm Shadow-_


