                             ë The BëM Squad ë 
                                 presents
                            "Breaking The Club"
                                    by
                                Mr. Sandman
                                 02/02/93

        It's been a long time since we've put a text out! This is basically
  because I had to close down Hangar 18 and many of the other places where
  I was able to communicate with the other members also closed down. If you
  were previously involved with the BOM Squad and would still like to be a 
  part of it then call High Voltage at 908-231-0252. High Voltage is now the
  new WHQ.
                                
                                ë Disclaimer ë

        This file is for informational purposes only. The BOM Squad, author,
  and the BBS carrying this file do not condone what is in this file and will
  take no responsibility if you get arrested for the use of the information
  in this file. There is still free speech in this country (I think) and 
  nobody is forcing you to read or do any of the actionss discussed in this
  file.

                           ë Back to the Good Stuff ë

        Have you ever heard of a device called The Club or seen one of those
  bars that lock on to the steering wheel and the brakes? This will discuss
  a way to get around them. The Club is a device that is attached to a cars
  steering wheel so that if someone steels the car they wont be able to steer
  because the window will hinder their turning. Now you can always break the
  window but that makes noise and it also wont help for the bar attached to 
  the brakes. Here is a silent and easy method that will work for both of 
  these contraptions. I am not going to discuss breaking into the car but 
  if you need info on breaking into cars I would suggest getting your hands 
  on SANctuary's Lock Picking Tutorials. 
        The two things you are going to need for this method is Liquid 
  Nitrogen (contact a chemical supplier to get info on obtaining this) and a 
  Rubber Mallet. Liquid Nitrogen is EXTREMELY cold. It is basically Dry Ice 
  in a Liquid state. DO NOT GET ANY OF IT ON ANY PART OF YOUR BODY!!! The 
  method is simple. Once you are in the car take the Liquid Nitrogen and pour
  it onto a section of The Club or the bar. Make sure you get enough on the 
  thing or nothing will happen. Now take out your rubber mallet and strike
  the area of The Club with the mallet. If you did this right you should have
  a nice clean break on The Club and you can now drive away with the car at 
  ease. 
        I hope this text file proves to you that these theft deterent devices
  are only a waste of money. I would suggest not buying The Club even though
  the Cops do. If you are curious how I found out about this method here is 
  the story. A person was sitting in a restuarant and he had the club hooked
  up in his car. While he was eating he witnessed a thief break into his car.
  The man ran out of the restuarant and by the time he got to his car the 
  thief had already broken off The Club using Liquid Nitrogen. When the man
  told the thief to stop the thief then beat the man to death with The Club
  that was in the man's car. Now do you think the man's family got a refund
  for The Club? I doubt it.

                                Until next time,

                                        Mr. Sandman
                              
                              BOM Squad Members
                              ë-ë-ë-ë-ë-ë-ë-ë-ë

                                 Mr. Sandman
                                   Raven
                                 Neuromancer
                               The AntiChrist
                                 Phat Klown


                               BOM Squad Sites
                                 þ-þ-þ-þ-þ-þ

                   High Voltage ú 908-231-0252 ú BOM WHQ!
                    êrete ú 201-984-1738 ú 201 Dist Site








