

                        The Urban Terrorist Philes


                           
                              Brought to you by:

                             The Urban Terrorist!
                                  (Duhhhh...)   


Part 2- Payphones


This is the second file in my series. Like I said before, everything is true
and accurate to the best of my knowledge.  I don't write about anything I
wasn't a part of....

Without further adue,  on to the party.....


CALIFORNIA PAYPHONES:

This file will deal with payphones that PAC BELL uses and how to rip them off
for phun and profit.  This won't work on NYC phone due to the fact that they
are the strongest in the world.  The boys over there have there own way of
dealing with them....



    This all started one night while I was trying to build a diverter out of
some plans I got off a BBS (It's didn't work BTW) andyway, we were all talking
about what to do with this if it worked.  I told my friend, "Well, we could
hook it up to a pair of payphones and then call one up and zap a few quarter
tones with a red box to make some free calls."

   He said, "Great, do you have a Red Box?"

   "No, I don't.  I'm gonna have to make one....."

   Well, from there on out the conversation went from, how does a P-phone work,
to it makes tones to, "Heh, why don't we just lift one?"  That's when I said,
"Ok, let's do it!"

    My friend didn't take me seriously at first but soon enough, we were geared
up and ready to go!


Let me set something straight right here, these suckers arn't easy to get into.
In fact, it's a pain in the ass.  Don't use his phile step by step, this is
only to be used as a resource of ideas and info you may not know about.  I have
the sucker sitting in my room as a wall decoration so it can be done!

#1- Find a secluded LOUD area to swipe it from.  The thing makes a lot of noise
when you finally remove it!

#2- Tools:  Don't waste time trying to get the $$$ box off while it's connected
to the wall.  You won't get it off W/O key's or C-4.  What you DO need it a
GOOD crow bar, a powerful drill (alway nice to have) with EXTRA high carbide
drill bits.  A hammer is also necessary....

#3- A booth phone is about 500% easier than a wall phone!


    Now then, from here the phun starts!  Try rattleing the phone.  See if it's
loose at all.  If you find one that's even a LITTLE loose your job will be much
easier....   They way that it's held onto the booth is three bolts.  These are
mounted with the head inside the wall of the booth with the threads sticking
out.  The mounting plate is then attached with one way nuts.  From there they
mount the actual phone to the mounting plate with the same pattern (Bolts
sticking out with one-way nuts inside the phone)

    If you can get the phone open by drilling out the lock on the side, go for
it.  I tried for 15 min and succeded in busting my bit and wearing out the
batteries in the drill.  The best way to get the face of the phone off is to
smash the keypad with your hammer, then take Vice Grips and rip the hole wider.
If you have time use a hack saw to get your rips started.

    Once inside, you can break the lock off with a screw driver, remove the
tumbler and slide the lock bar with the driver, TA-DAA:  You know have the face
plate off!  Bust the nuts and the phone comes off.  If you have time, take
voltage test of the power IN lines so you can hook the thing up at your house!


METHOD #2-

    Basically shake the damn thing off by stripping the threads on the screws. 
This takes about 1 hour but hey, if you see a car comming, just act like your
talking on the phone!


GETTING THE $$$:

    This is the hard part.  What you have to do is gut out the inside of the
phone.  Take out the coin sorter, the solnoid, the PBC (good chips on it!) the
ringer...  etc.  There will be a silver cover that leads to the change box.  If
you break this off you can shake the change out.  We scored about $70 ($32 in
quarters alone!) out of ours...  I figgure with 2-3 a week you could cover the
rent!  hahaha...(I've heard war stories about guys that got $250-$300!)

I'm gonna work on getting a set of phone keys.  Hopefully if I score them I
won't have to phuck with ripping the whole thing off!



Welp, this concludes phile #2.  Hope this help some of yu out there....  Be
watching for Survival Techniques, Favorite Chem Combinations, Inflicting Fear,
and anything else I can come out with.


Need to get in touch with me?  Leave a post on Lunatic Labs (415) 278-7421 on
the main base adressed to The Urban Terrorist (I have a differant name for my
account).

Austa la tacos....


                The Urban Terrorist

Thanks to all the Anarchists that helped me out!

