      
RelayNet (tm) International Message Exchange (RIME) BBS Network
                                By-Laws 
                  Version 2  (09 September 1996) Draft A
                  Copyright 1988,1989,1993 RIME BBS Network
   
I.   PREFACE. The RelayNet (tm) International Message Exchange (RIME)
BBS Network (known hereafter as the "Net," "RIME," or "RelayNet) is a
multi-tier telecommunications network comprised of one "Network Hub," or
"NetHub", multiple  "Regional Hubs" or "RHs," and "nodes."

II.   RIME is owned and operated as a private organization by a Board of
Directors referred to as the "RIME Administrative Council," or "SC," whose
membership is listed in Appendix A. The  RAC  reserves the right to admit
or refuse any BBS SYSOP as a participating node or hub; the RAC further
reserves the right to remove or suspend network access of any individual
or sysop, whether they are a node or a hub for grevious misconduct
considered detrimental to the spirit and intent of RIME and these
bylaws.

III.  The RAC shall designate one of its members to act as Operations
Officer to run the day-to-day operations of RIME and to coordinate node
and RH membership applications.

IV.   RIME requires each participating node to provide to its end-users
a common link which may be a conference, door, or other software device
to ensure that all nodes have a common channel available throughout
RIME. The RAC will define and provide the framework and access mechanism
for this common channel. A BBS is not considered part of RIME until and
unless it provides this common channel and notifies its users of the
scope, intent, and any special rules of the common channel.

However, "Administrative Nodes," i.e., nodes which are used soley for
RIME's administration purposes, are exempt from carrying this common
channel. Examples of administrative nodes are (a) the NetHub for
maintaining a central file library, (b) a node that may be transferring
messages between multiple networks (RIME Network and Metrolink Network),
and (c) nodes whose sole purpose in RIME serve to provide
"product/service support conferences," such as the USRobotics Conference
sponsored by USRobotics. It is understood that RIME's overall objectives
and goals are dedicated to provide an information service to its most
important participant, the BBS user community.

In addition there is a second required conference, RimeNews, which is
required to be carried by each node on Relaynet.  We ask that you
specifically name this conference RIMENEWS and that you clearly inform
your users that this is an announcement only conference and no posting
of any messages is permitted except by designated individuals.
                                             
While RIMENEWS is a public conference open to all users and sysops of
the network, for reading purposes only, no users or sysops may post any
messages whatsoever in this conference. All posting to the conference
will be done by the RAC or the conference coordinators.  Any replies to
announcements can be made as routed and/or r/o messages in USERS, ADMIN
or COMMON.  Any replies placed in the Rimenews conference will be
immediately moderated.

The purpose of the Announcement Only conference is to provide the
users and sysops of Relaynet a single channel in which to obtain all
important network information.

Announcements only will be placed in this conference.  If you, as a
sysop/conference host/co-sysop/user, wish to have a message placed in
this conference, send the message (using any appropriate conference such
as common, admin, hosts, users) to Garry Baker (BLAKGOLD 1279), and we
will post it for you.

V.   SCOPE AND PURPOSE
 
    A.  Purpose. The purpose of RIME is to provide participating hubs
and nodes a means of communicating with each other through common
conference areas which are "relayed" via the central NetHub. RIME's
primary purpose is considered social in nature.
 
    B.  Terminology.  
   
        1.  "RH" and "Node" refer to specific Postlink software setups
as used by BBS Sysops to participate in RIME.

        2.  "Relay" is used to describe the transfer of conference 
        messages from one node (BBS) to another node via an RH.
   
        3.  Network.  
   
            a.  A "Regional Hub", or "RH is comprised of one Hub and
two or more nodes. A BBS Sysop "hosts" an RH and this host BBS is one
of the RH's nodes. To be considered an RH, a hub has to have at least two
nodes "relaying" through it.  
   
            b. The RAC is composed of 7 members or the number it decides.
   
    C.  Size. The physical size of RIME may be no more than the number
of nodes and RHs as prescribed by the RAC. Each RH may have
non-RIME-relayed nodes (that use Postlink software). However, such nodes
may be authorized to carry RIME's common channel.
 
    D.  Software   
   
        1.  All member nodes and RHs in RIME (including non-RIME-
relayed nodes) need to use legally purchased relay software.
   
        2.  All member nodes and RHs in RIME need to use legally
purchased, obtained, and/or registered BBS software.

        E.  RIME maintains the capability and capacity to send and receive
messages that are flagged as "Receiver-Only" or "Routed Mail."  Messages
so flagged are not to be considered by any user as actual "private"
messages. The purpose of the "R/O" and "Routed Mail" flags are intended
solely to provide a means to limit the possible number of nodes that may
have access to the messages for display purposes.
 
        1.  Therefore, pursuant to the Electronic Communications Privacy
Act of 1986, 18 USC 2510 et. seq., all BBS SYSOPs participating within
RIME must be aware that there are no facilities provided by RIME for
sending or receiving confidential electronic communications.

        2.  All participating node and RH SYSOPS need to agree, as a
condition of network membership and participation, that they will notify
anyone reading or exchanging messages within all RIME conferences on
their BBSs of all applicable by-law and conference rules and that RIME
has no facilities for exchanging confidential electronic communications.
A suitable bulletin and/or news display should be placed in a prominent
place within the the individual RIME BBS indicating that there are no
confidential communications capabilities within RIME.
 
        3.  All messages posted in relayed conferences are deemed to be
public. All nodes and RHs shall deem all messages posted within RIME's
conferences to be readily accessible to the general public at all times.
If any person posts a message within any RIME conference, his/her
acceptance of this policy is heretofore implied.
 
        4.  RIME and all member nodes and RHs assume absolutely no
accountability or liability whatsoever for any violations of this policy
by any and all users of RIME.
 
VI.  AUTHORITY AND RESPONSIBILITIES
   
    A.  The individual node SYSOP is responsible for enforcing the rules
as set forth in our RIME(tm) Users Manual (contained in a file called
RIMEMAN.TXT) or our RIME(tm) official conference rule file (contained in
a file called *RIMEMAN.ZIP)  These files MUST be made available to
every user on your system who access the RIME(tm) network as either a
download or a bulletin. While it is not the intent of RIME or the RAC to
interfere with any SYSOP's authority on his/her own BBS, all "relayed"
conferences on nodes and RHs are considered subject to the jurisdiction
of these rules.

    B.  The Regional Hub (RH) SYSOPs have the freedom to solicit, but
not grant RIME membership, to prospective nodes within their region.

        1.  RH SYSOPs who solicit prospective nodes need to advise
applicants:
   
            (a) of RIME's basic rules
   
            (b) That the RH SYSOP will provide to the RAC an admission
application form which details the the applicant's particulars such as:
applicant's name, voice and BBS telephone numbers, address, BBS name.
   
        2.  The RHs are responsible for enforcing these by-laws within
their region. An RH must relay mail a minimum of five times a week
unless it is technically not feasible to do so. The RAC will resolve any
problems regarding the potential overlapping of regions. No RH should
intentionally shut down for more than 24 consecutive hours without first
making provisions for the continued relaying of it nodes.

        3. RHs should make every feasible effort to accommodate all
conference requests for their nodes as their equipment and configuration
allow.

        4.  When an RH has been notified by the RAC to remove the access
of a node, the RH should remove the node's access as quickly as
possible. In the event that the RH does not comply with an SC-directed
node-access-removal request, the RH's access may be removed at the
NETHUB level.

        5.  The RH has the authority to remove the access of one or more
of its nodes for one day if the situation warrants such action.
Immediately following any access removal, the RH needs to notify a SC
member by voice.

    C.  Conference Coordinator(s) (CC) and Conference Hosts (CH).

        1.  The Conference Coordinator is the SC's designated
representative. Duties include: (a) administrate conferences and
designates Conference Hosts, (b) maintain conference lists, (c) advise
the RAC regarding conference problems. The RAC will appoint the Conference
Coordinator for any length of term.  The Conference Coordinator job may
be split among several persons, such as a Coordinator in charge of
Conference Moderations, a Coordinator in charge of Conference Setups, a
Coordinator in charge of Marketing and a Coordinator in charge of
Statistical Analysis.
 
        2.  Conference Hosts are designated by the Conference
Coordinator. Conference Hosts are responsible for their conferences and
guide the discussion areas. Their duties include: (a) provide bulletins
to nodes carrying their conference for the purpose of clarification and/
or information; (b) define what should and should not be discussion
areas within the conference; and (c) provide guidance to all concerned
with legal responsibilities and/or disclaimers. The Host may be
responsible for providing to the Conference Coordinator a description of
the conference, it's aims, and the scope of the conference.
 
    D.  NetHub Operations.

        1.  The NETHUB equipment and the trademarks "RelayNet" and
"RIME" are the property of the members of RIME's RAC.
   
        2. The RAC will make available a conference for the general
administration affairs of RIME. This conference is open to sysops,
working co-sysops, the Conference Coordinators and conference hosts.

        3.  The NETHUB Sysop coordinates the primary mail exchange time
for each RH connected to the NETHUB. Each RH has this primary time to
ensure that all routine mail exchanges are accomplished in a timely
manner. The NETHUB Sysop publishes the primary mail exchange times to
ensure that no RH deliberately intrudes during another RH's primary mail
exchange time-window. Only RHs may relay through the NetHub.
   
    E.  Ammendments
   
        1. Though the RAC is ultimately responsible for implementing
changes to these by-laws, any RIME node or RH Sysop, Co-Sysop,
Conference Host or the Conference Coordinator may petition the RAC for
by-laws changes at any time. However, such requests and petitions and
any and all discussions thereof MUST be conducted in the designated
general RIME adminsitration conference, as specified in subparagraph 2,
paragraph D, section VI above.
 
VII. RULES AND REGULATIONS
   
    A.  All node sysops must adhere to the general principle that NO
illegal activities, which includes promotion of illegal acts and
promotion of software copyright infringement, will be allowed on RIME.
Such activities constitute a grievous reason for the potential removal
of the node from RIME, and may necessitate compensatory action against
the violator for any legal liabilities such activities may cause RIME.
   
    B. All rules contained within the Conference Rule and RIME(tm) Users
manual are to be considered rules of the network and are to be enforced
on a local level.  Flagrant continual disregard for the conference rules
of the network constitute a grievous reason for possible removal of that
node.
   
    C. It is RIME's understanding that each node SYSOP is responsible
for the names used on his/her own BBS. If the SYSOP grants a user the
right to use an alias, for what the SYSOP deems is a valid reason, such
as security, and that alias is not apparently an alias (such as Dr.
Midnight, which is) then there is no need to inform RIME of that alias.
Duplicate names within RIME, such as three John Smiths, will be handled
by the node SYSOPS of the involved boards in a manner which would not
cause an alias to be relayed (example, John Smith, Johnny Smith, J.
Smith or Johnnie Smith)
 
    D. Although Postlink software may allow the "file send" feature
without RH control, unauthorized "sends" of files by a node --
especially global file-sends -- is prohibited. Every RH within the chain
between nodes which either "sends" or "receives" a file should approve
such actions. An exception list (with official items that are considered
network files and as such must be permitted to be sent is provided in
Appendix B.)
 
    E. There are some National Conference Names (such as COMMON) which
needs to be used on all participating nodes to prevent possible
confusion. The current list of conferences which must be called by their
National Conference Name is contained in Appendix C.
 
    F. Messages contained in conferences relayed through the NETHUB are
considered in the public domain. However, the RAC needs to authorize the
"sharing" of conferences with non-RIME-participating BBS systems. A
"shared" conference is one that is relayed to or between other networks
or BBS systems that have the capability of responding to such "shared"
conference mail.
 
    G. It is understood that node and RH SYSOPS take vacations. RIME
requests that a vacationing SYSOP delegate to another responsible Sysop
the ability to monitor the BBS in his/her absence. In the event that any
node does not relay within 3 consecutive days, the RH may decline to
hold mail until the node SYSOP has contacted the RH. It is also
understood that users may commit violations of RIME's rules in the
absence of a full time SYSOP and that immediate action may not be able
to be taken by the appointed SYSOP. This type of event does not
constitute a grievous reason for removal of a node.
 
    H. Conference message bases may not be sent to non-RIME-relaying
nodes without the permission of the RAC.

    I. From time to time the RAC may authorize the sending of files,
other than those listed in Appendix B, through RIME from authors and/or
vendors in support of their programs. This will be done with the advance
consent of all RHs involved.

VIII. MISCELLANEOUS

     A.  No node may charge its users specifically for access to
individual RIME conferences beyond whatever subscription rate, if any,
they generally charge. No RH may charge a node for admission to the RIME
Network. No RH may require that a node be a regular subscriber to the
RH's BBS. A RH is however free to split the phone bill costs with their
nodes, using any viable scheme that does not result in a profit to the RH
sysop.


                                 Appendix A
                  RIME Administrative Council Members as of 08-15-1996
 
                   Site Number
Don Barba             35
Rex Hankins            5
Garry Baker         1279
Sue Moore           5012
Bob Sasso             35
Roy Wilson            35
Rick Cowles         5690
                                 Appendix B
                           Authorized "Send" List
 
The following files may be transmitted unsolicited to RHs, by designated
individuals only, using the Postlink software's "send" feature:
 
            Conference lists and nodes such as YYMMRIME.ZIP
            BBS instruction lists such as RIME-BBS.ZIP
            Monthly RIME(tm) newletter such as RIMEYYXX.ZIP
            Publicity packets such as RELAYNET.ZIP
            Conference Host instructions such as RIME-CHS.ZIP
            Users manuals such as *RIMEMAN.ZIP
 

                                Appendix C
 
    National Conference Names That Must Be Used On Participating BBSs
 
            COMMON 
            UPLINK 
            RIMENEWS

============================== END OF BY-LAWS =========================
