                        RIME FTP PROCEDURES
                        -------------------

FTP accounts are FREE! Please contact the Nethub for login's and
passwords. Do not ask Sue Moore, as she will refer you here. The
login/password administration for this service will be provided by the
Nethub. This is available to every RIME sysop in good standing.

The following procedures must be followed exactly:

For Postlink:
        Packets are named in the following manner:

        Ussss.NNN  - Packet going *to* the Nethub placed in /ftpout
                     by you.
        Dssss.NNN  - Packet from the Nethub placed in /ftpin
                     by me.

        They *MUST* be zipped and the Ussss.NNN packet *MUST* contain
        your PostLink PREAMBLE from your export run.

QWK:
        Packets are named in the following manner:

        QUssss.NNN - Packet going *to* the Nethub placed in /ftpout
                     by you.
        QDssss.NNN - Packet from the Nethub found in /ftpin
                     by me.

        Packets are compressed with PKZIP, and renamed from
        MOONDOG.REP for the site, or MOONDOG.QWK from the
        NetHub.

FTSC:
        Packets are named in the following manner:

        FUssss.NNN - Packet going *to* the Nethub placed in /ftpout
                     by you.
        FDssss.NNN - Packet from the Nethub found in /ftpin
                     by me.

        Packets are compressed with PKZIP only. FDssss.NNN packets
        are returned from those sysops using AREAFIX on the NetHub
        and not taking the ALTERNATE packet (RIMEFTSC.NNN).

        **DO NOT** Areafix if you are taking RIMEFTSC.NNN from
        our ftp sites, or from Planet Connect! It duplicates
        the Nethub's effort, and wastes our resources.

        Your SESSION and AREAFIX passwords must be in UPPER CASE.

All Formats:

1)      ssss - is your RIME site number.
        NNNN - is a number, starting at 000, and incrementing
               by 1 for each packet, resetting to 000 when
               999 is reached.

2)      IMPROTANT - Each sysop is on the honor system
        during this initial phase. Please insure your
        script is set to mget YOUR PACKET ONLY!

3)      In the coming days I will have the RIME encryption
        method in place. A very simple, one-step process
        to use when you rename your packets. In a nut-shell,
        I will have a set of 'keys' at the nethub, and will
        hand out an individual key to each sysop. The sysop
        will then use this key to encrypt his ZIPped packet.
        I will use the corresponding key on the Nethub to
        decrypt your packet. No two sysops will have the
        same key. I am told that the combinations of keys
        number in the billions.
        (Please store a copy of your KEY on a floppy)
        (or some other safe place in case I loose it.)

4)      You may delete your packets after 48 hours. Although
        The Nethub Agent will travel around the sites every
        90 min collecting packets, no packet will be imported
        more than once at the Nethub.

5)      If the packets are not deleted, the Nethub Garbage Agent
        will make one pass every 48 hours, cleaning up each site.
        Please make sure you save your packets for a minimum of
        14 days, especially hubs.

6)      FTP login names and passwords will change every 30 days.
        Current ftp sysops in good standing will receive the new
        passwords in their encrypted packets starting on the 25th
        of each month, and for the following 5 days.

7)     New ftp sysops will need to call the Nethub voice, or use
       Internet email to receive their initial login name, password
       and RIME encryption key.

       NetHub voice number is :

                        (718) 338-1932

       Nethub email address is:

                        don.barba@moondog.com

8)     RIME encryption keys may be changed at various times
       during the year. If a mass change is planned, sufficient
       notice will be given.

-Don-
