RELAY INTERNATIONAL MESSAGE EXCHANGE (RIME) USER'S GUIDE
Revised 09-15-1996
                          INTRODUCTION

This manual deals with how you, as a user, can realize the most
from the RIME network.  Hopefully answer your questions on how to
use the network to your best advantage.

As you read this manual please remember that if there is a
subject you do not understand, the NEW USERS and COMMON
conferences are always available for all questions.  Never be
embarrassed to ask a question on this network.  We were all new
users once too.  No question is ever considered too dumb-- and
really, we are a friendly lot!

A conference is grouping of messages by subject.  RIME provides
user support for a wide variety of special interest groups
(conferences) and product support for a wide variety of products.

This network of bulletin boards has one common goal: To provide a
environment for the friendly exchange of messages with others all
over the world.

WHAT IS RIME?

RIME is a private organization, for the purpose of worldwide
independent electronic message exchange.  RIME is made up of:

 1.  A central body governed by a volunteer Administrative   
 Council (AC), and many others who assist them in various        
 capacities.
   
 2.  Independently owned and operated Bulletin Board Systems      
 (BBSs) who agree to carry the RIME network.

 3.  You the subscribers to those BBSs, who agree to abide by the 
 rules set by the (AC).

WHO IS IN CHARGE?

RIME is also a group of very committed professional SYSOPs who
have made the resources of an international BBS network available
to you.  Each BBS has it's own rules of operation, qualifications
for membership, and services being offered.  Those should be
obtained from the SYSOP of your own BBS, and are not dealt with,
in this document.

The function of the (AC) is to establish and maintain the flow
of messages within the network, maintain the NetHub (MOONDOG BBS,
Brooklyn, NY, USA) and determine the various methodologies of
accomplishing this task.  In addition the (AC) will determine
the various message conference areas, grouped by subject matter. 
The (AC) will established rules for maintaining a standard of
"excellence of content" in those conferences.  The (AC) will
assign one or more of RIME's members as a Conference Host and
moderator in order to insure that those rules are being met.

The RIME Administrative Council and their RIME BBS number, 
as of 09-15-1996 consists of:

Chief Administrator      - Don Barba   - #35, MOONDOG
First Administrator      - Rex Hankins - #5, IBMNET
Conference Administrator - Garry Baker - #1279, BLKGOLD 
FTP Administrator        - Sue Moore   - #5012, SVIS
PR Administrator         - Bob Sasso   - #35, MOONDOG
Statistics Administrator - Roy Wilson  - #35, MOONDOG
FTCS Administrator       - Rick Cowles - #5690, WRITERSBLOCK

If you need to send them a message, you may leave your question
in either the COMMON or RelayUser conference.

THE STRUCTURE

To help you understand some of this terminology:

NODE: A bulletin board system (BBS) that calls another bulletin
board system (called a Hub) in order to  transfer mail.  A node
does not receive mail directly from any other BBS. (that is, no
one calls it to transfer mail.)

SITE:  A site is the same as a NODE, a BBS. Each site is
designated by its own unique site number.  The site number
appears in the tagline area of every message that is exported
from a board.

HUB:  A bulletin board system (BBS) that calls a higher level Hub
to transfer mail, and is called by one or more nodes to transfer
mail.

SUPER-REGIONAL HUB:  BBSs that are called by other HUBS 

NETHUB: The "home" of RIME, operated in New York by Don Barba.
All SUPER-REGIONAL HUBs call the NetHub for their mail packets.

ID CODE:  A two to twelve character string which contains letters
or numbers. Each node has a unique IDCODE which is used to
identify that node in the network.  The IDCODE appears at the
bottom of every message that is "relayed" throughout the network.

SITE NUMBER: The number of each individual site.  The site number
is the most convenient way to route to a particular board in the
network.

Then there are the conference hosts.  A conference host is in
charge of a particular conference (defined later), assisting the
RIME Administrative Council who is in charge of the network.

On our Network, coordinating the conferences is a big job, and is
currently handled by several people.  You should familiarize
yourself with who does what:

    Garry Baker (IDCODE=BLAKGOLD  SITE 1279) is the Conference
                Manager, the person that handles all              
                intra-conference problems.

If you are experiencing some problem in a conference, Garry is
the one to get in touch with.

Garry is also the conference coordinator and responsible for
assigning hosts to conferences and keeping track of conference
numbers - in other words, he is the man to see if you want to
become a host on RIME.

Greg Birosh is our Scouting Coordinator, responsible for        
managing all scouting activities.  He and Garry work closely
together to bring you the best and most interesting conferences
that we can offer.

Last but not least are the real, unsung heros of the network, the
SYSOPs! These are the people who go to great expense providing
equipment and phone lines so you can converse with the world. The
SYSOP is always the first line of defense in case a problem
arises.

HOW DOES MY MAIL GET TO ME?

Think of the network as a solar system.  The NetHub is the sun,
the HUBs are planets, and the Nodes are moons.

Each day your local bulletin board calls its Hub, usually in
the middle of the night.  At that time, all new messages that
users have entered on the BBS are uploaded to the Hub.  Then,
that board downloads a packet which contains all the public and
routed messages from every other BBS on the network.

The Hub takes this packet and adds it to packets from other
boards connected to it and creates larger, more complete packets. 
These packets contain messages, files and requests from each
board that calls the Hub.  At least once a day, usually two or
three times, the Hub calls the Super-Regional Hub, which, in
turn, calls the NetHub.

The NetHub takes the incoming packet of hub mail and returns to
the Super-Regional Hub all the mail it received since that Hub
last called. The NetHub then adds the new mail it received to the
waiting mail for all other HUBs.  This is all done automatically.

Then you call your local board and either download the mail to
read using your off-line reader or read and reply to the new
mail on the board.

FEATURES AVAILABLE TO USERS

A conference is a message area that is specific to one particular
topic of interest.  There are many conferences currently defined
on RIME.  Your BBS may not all of the conferences as the disk
space required for this may be high.

Your SYSOP may carry conferences that are both relayed and not
relayed.  If you have any questions about whether a particular
conference is relayed, please ask your SYSOP.

When you enter your message in a relayed conference you may be
asked if you wish to "ECHO" the message.  If you say "Yes" your
message will be sent out to all other participating bulletin
board Systems.  If you answer "No"  the message remains on your
local bulletin board and is not transferred within the network.
When you relay your message, please remember that it is being
copied to all RIME member boards.

Although there may be reference numbers on the message, it is
considered polite to quote a few lines from the message you are
responding to.  That helps the recipient remember the
"conversation" even if he reads the message days later.

Please be aware that every participating bulletin board system
will have a different set of reference numbers for the same set
of messages.  This is due to the different times that each board
started receiving the particular conference. Therefore you should
not mention a reference number unless you are talking with
someone on the same bulletin board.

TYPES OF MESSAGES

RIME supports both PUBLIC and ROUTED MESSAGES (R/O) and R/O
private.  R/O messages and their use is to a great degree
dependant upon the mail transfer method your local SYSOP uses.
Several are possible with RIME.  Check with your SYSOP to see
which one your BBS uses.  Then read one of the following RIME
documents for the specific instructions for that method.

   PostLink = RO-PLINK.TXT
   QWK      = RO-QWK.TXT
   FTCS     = RO-FTSC.TXT

When you use the Receiver/Only (R/O; private) of specialized
message function on RelayNet(tm) (RIME) you are agreeing:

-  To hold the net blameless for the release of the message
as a public message.
-  To allow people who normally have sufficient security to
read your message.
-  NEVER to use a private message to speak of or conduct
any business that may be contrary to network policy or considered
illegal in the outside world.
-  That the message you enter is not the same private
message described in the recent ECPA rulings.

Remember, the SYSOP of the receiving system and of the sending
system, as well as all other users on each system who are
qualified to read private mail can read all routed messages. 
There is no such thing as a message that a SYSOP cannot read and
a user can read.


USING OFF-LINE READERS

Off-line readers are a method by which you may read messages from
a BBS while off-line (i.e. not logged on.)  You start by logging
on to a bulletin board, briefly, to download your messages. Then,
by using one of the off-line reader programs, you may spend all
the time you need reading messages, entering replies and any new
messages you may come up with.  When you are finished, you log
back on to the BBS, briefly, in order to upload your replies and
any new messages you may have created.

The process of uploading and downloading messages may be done in
one phone call.  Log on to the BBS, upload your new replies,
download the new messages that have been entered since the last
time you were on, then log off the BBS. Those of you who call
long distance may prefer this approach, as it helps to reduce
long distance changes by doing the whole process in one phone
call.

The use of an off-line reader may save you telephone charges by
also shortening your daily total on-line time, and, at the same
time, it allows more users per day to access your local BBS.


GENERAL CONFERENCE RULES:

Please refer to the companion to this document RIMECONF.RUL for
the current rules.  Conferences with special rules exist.  Those
rules can be obtained from the Conference Host of the conference.

GENERAL DISCLAIMERS - LEGAL AND MEDICAL:

Neither medical nor legal advice may be officially given by any
user, CH or Administrator on this network.

Because we cross state and national boundaries, pertinent legal
advice varies from jurisdiction to jurisdiction.  RIME could not
guarantee that any advice tendered is correct for your
jurisdiction nor that anyone claiming to be a lawyer, is in fact,
a lawyer.  We ask that you not use this network to obtain legal
advice or that you imagine that anything said to you on this
network constitutes valid legal direction. Proper legal advice
can only be obtained from an attorney licensed to practice
in your jurisdiction who is competent in the specialized area of
the law that you have questions in, whom you consult and hire,
and who then assumes the obligation to protect your rights and
explain your responsibilities.

Adequate medical diagnosis and treatment is dependant not only on
history talking but on a physical examination and pertinent
laboratory tests.  RIME could not guarantee that any medical
advice tendered would be correct for your situation nor that
anyone claiming to be a physician, is in fact, a licensed
practicing physician.  We ask that you not use this network to
obtain medical diagnosis or treatment or that you imagine that
anything said to you on this network constitutes valid
medical diagnosis or treatment.  Proper medical care can only be
obtained from a physician licensed to practice in your state or
country, whom you consult in person, and who has the ability to
perform the proper medical examinations related to your
difficulties and then render proper medical treatment with
correct follow up care.

USER COURTESIES

Did you know that if you use all upper case letters, that other
users think you are shouting at them?  Remember to turn off your
CAPS LOCK key when you go to enter a message.

Some users think that the way to get started is to answer every
message they see.  That sometimes works but often it serves to
annoy the other users who are already engaged in some kind of
dialog in the conference.  When you enter a conference for the
first time, feel free to say hello and introduce yourself.  Then
sit back and read a few days worth of mail.  In that time, you
will probably discover the trends of the conference and that you
have something substantial to add to the discussion.

The conference host is a valuable asset in a conference.  The
hosts run the conference, introduce topics of general interest to
the conference members to enlarge discussions, oversees that the
messages stay on topic, provides information and act as a liaison
between users and the powers that be above him/her.

When a CH (conference host) asks you to end a thread, or move the
discussion along, please be aware that they can enforce the
conference rules in their conference.  If you feel that you are
being treated unfairly, there are recourse open to you.  But
these do not involve public discussion in the conference itself.

While quote boxes can be nice looking, some computers cannot
handle them, special readers such as for the visually impaired
often do not handle them well, and they can lead to problems in
general readers as well as corrupt mail packets. We ask all users
to reduce, if not eliminate, the quote boxes in the interest of
fairness to all the other users of the network.

If someone sends you a R/O, routed message, it is considered
polite to reply with a R/O, routed message.  While we do not
guarantee privacy of messages, we do ask that each user extend
the courtesy of replying to R/O, routed mail, with R/O routed
mail.  We also ask that users, under normal circumstances, do not
make R/O, routed mail public.  It is considered rude to discuss
R/O, routed mail in public.

Because R/O, routed mail cannot usually be seen by a majority of
users, moderation on content, is very difficult.  However, if a
SYSOP notifies the network that a user is sending R/O, routed
messages that are illegal, moderation and/or suspension will be
considered for this very serious offense.

WHEN A PROBLEM ARISES

A problem arises?  You need some sort of help?  Here's how to get
the answers that solve your problem.

If it is a system problem or a general question, ask your SYSOP
first! Most times he/she will have the answer you need to solve
your problem. Leave them a Comment.  This is a private message to
your SYSOP. If you leave such a message in a relayed conference
it will usually not be transmitted across the network.  Your
SYSOP may not read every conference he relays, so leave him/her a
comment on the Main Board. Most SYSOPs read their own Main Board.

If it is a conference specific question leave a message to the
conference host of that particular conference.  If the conference
appears to have no host or you are unsure exactly who the host
is, leave a message to Garry Baker (IDCODE=BLAKGOLD, SITE 1279)
in the Common conference - our "network bulletin board" and ask
him who the conference host is.

If you are experiencing a problem with a conference host, or feel
that the problem you have needs resolution at a higher level,
leave a message for Garry and tell him what your problem is and
see if he can help you out.  Again, they both hang out in COMMON.

If you still have a question and it has not been resolved by the
steps above, write a message to an RAC member and leave it in the
Common conference or if it is available on your BBS join the
Relay Users conference.  The RIME Administrative Council can be
found monitoring both conferences for any questions that users
might have.  ALL DECISIONS OF THE RIME Administrative Council ARE
FINAL.

THE RECENT ECPA RULINGS AND PRIVATE MAIL

There is always lively discussion surrounding the issue
of private mail on a BBS network.  Below is the RIME policy
regarding private mail:

                    TO ALL USERS OF RIME

Messages that are posted in any and all conferences on any BBS
designated as a member of PostLink, RelayNet or RIME are relayed
("echoed") throughout the international network.

RIME maintains the capability and capacity to send and receive
routed messages that are flagged as "Receiver-Only". However,
messages so flagged are NOT to be considered by any user as
actual "private" messages.

The purpose of the Receiver-Only flag for such messages is
intended solely to provide for a means of limiting the possible
number of BBS's that may have access to the messages for display
purposes. The following is the official RIME policy regarding
Receiver Only flagged messages.

PURSUANT TO THE ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS PRIVACY ACT OF 1986, 18
USC 2510 et. seq., NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN TO ALL USERS OF THIS
NETWORK THAT THERE ARE NO FACILITIES PROVIDED BY THE RIME
INTERNATIONAL NETWORK FOR SENDING OR RECEIVING PRIVATE OR
CONFIDENTIAL ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS. ALL MESSAGES POSTED IN
RELAYED CONFERENCES SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE READILY ACCESSIBLE TO
ALL NETWORK HUBS, NODES, SYSOPS AND USERS.

Do NOT use RIME conferences for any communication for which you
intend only yourself and one or more specific recipients to read.
Consider that all node SYSOPs have the capability, capacity and
potential to read all mail posted in this network, and, as a
result, to post said messages as public messages on their boards. 
SYSOPs that do so are considered blameless as there is no
guarantee of privacy on this network.

All participating Network Bulletin Board Systems shall deem all
messages posted within the RIME conferences to be readily
accessible to the general public at all times.

If you post a message within any RIME conference, your acceptance
of this policy is heretofore implied. The RIME International
Network and any participating bulletin board system assumes
absolutely no accountability or liability whatsoever for any
violations of this policy by any and all users of this network.

To reiterate: This network provides the capability and capacity
to flag messages as R/O.  However, messages so flagged will not
and cannot be considered or defined as "private communications"
between two or more people.

CONFERENCE HOSTING

The following are the general duties of a conference host. These
may vary from conference to conference.  If you wish to host a
conference, and all conferences are hosted by volunteers like
yourself, these would be the general responsibilities of being a
conference host.

- Defining the operating rules of the conference.

- Dealing with those users experiencing difficulty conforming to
the set rules.

- Encouraging discussion by either responding to messages or
initiating pertinent topics for discussion.

- Replying to ALL messages that, either explicitly or implicitly,
call for a reply from the host.

- Convincing SYSOPs not currently carrying your conference to do
so.

- Getting people who are leaving messages in other conferences
appropriate to yours to join the discussions  in your conference.

- Coordinating with other conference hosts whose conference
topics
overlap with yours.

STARTING A NEW CONFERENCE

If you think that you have a good idea for a conference, or would
like to host a conference, please send a message to Greg Birosh
in the COMMON conference.  In general, to start a conference you
need to have the topic clearly defined, a conference host
available that would be suitable for that conference, and the
topic has to be approved by Garry & Greg.

      RULES, PROCEDURES FOR PROPOSING A NEW CONFERENCE ON RIME
are contained in a RIME file called:  SCOUTING.TXT

THE CONFERENCE COORDINATOR IS GARRY BAKER, NODEID (BLAKGOLD
SITE NUMBER 1279, THE CONFERENCE SCOUTING COORDINATOR IS GREG
BIROSH, MOONDOG, #35

1.  The (AC) reserves the right to establish specialized
conferences, such as vendor support conferences, announced
through the CC.

2.  Removal of conferences.  The CC will monitor on a monthly
basis conference activity using reports generated by the NETHUB.
Conferences that do not meet established activity criteria for
that conference, will be subject to discontinuation by the CC.

3.  Conference Hosts are designated by the CC.  Conference
Co-hosts can only be assigned with the advanced consent of the
CC; Conference Hosts can only recommend and cannot appoint
Co-hosts directly.


HOW TO BECOME A MEMBER BOARD IN THE RIME NETWORK

Some of you may decide you like this medium so well you would
like to join the network with your own board. To do this the
Network requires that:

-  You have legally Registered copies of the software involved in
the setup of your board.

- You download and familiarize yourself with the material
contained in a file called RELAYNET.ZIP.

- You allow no pirated or commercial software in your files
sections.

- You read and agree to the Network Bylaws.

- You complete and return the RIME application form.

If you meet these conditions you may join the network on a
temporary basis until a probationary period has elapsed.  A
decision on your status will be made at the end of that
probationary period.


