RIME Conference Scouting Procedure - Revised 09/15/1996

     1)  You must submit a request for a scouting request for a new
     conference to the Scouting Coordinator:  
            
        Greg Birosh, MOONDOG #35, in COMMON, or CHOST conference.

     The conference you are requesting must be one that does NOT 
     exist.  If there is a conference that is close to what you are 
     requesting already in the network, the conference you wish will 
     be included in that existing conference.  Please have a Host, 
     and a Co-Host (if needed) for your conference in mind when you 
     post your message.
     
     1a)  In the case of a technical conference, please have a
     member of that vendor's support team in the conference.

     2)  The Scouting Coordinator will issue a SCOUTING NUMBER
     (KEEP THIS HANDY, YOU WILL NEED IT!,) that must be used in
     every scouting message you post.  You may post a message in
     Common once every OTHER week.  You have four weeks to receive
     the correct numbers of nodes and hubs (see next section.)

     3)  You must have (AT MINIMUM) a total of 10 boards who will
     carry the proposed conference.  When the sysop(s) of these
     boards tell you that they will carry your conference, please
     leave the Scouting Coordinator a note stating which board(s)
     they are, and what their number(s) are.  Or, the sysops
     themselves may do so.

     4)  If you cannot get the correct number of nodes and hubs
     before the end of the 4 week period, your request will be refused.
     You must then wait 90 days before you may re-submit your request.

     5)  A total of 3 requests for the conference may be made
     during any 12 month period.  (If not approved after 3 requests
     have been refused, you must wait 1 calendar year before re-
     submitting.)

     6)  If you CAN get the correct number of nodes and hubs within
     the 3 week period, the Conference Administrator will issue a
     conference number, the conference will be officially opened, and
     you will receive a message from the Conference Administrator.
