
                         ____
                         |  |________________________  __
                         |  |     |     |     |     | |  |
                      ___|  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  | |  |
                      |  |  |  |  |  |  |__|  |  |  | |  |
                      |  |  |  |  |  |  |     |  |__| |  |
                      |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |___  | |  |
                      |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  | |  |
                      |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  | |  |
                      |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  | |__|
                      |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  __
                      |_____|_____|__|  |_____|_____| |__|
   ----------------------------------|__|-------------------------(gh/cia)---

          Jonas e'Zine -- Volume 2, Number 3 -- Released May 27, 1996
       Jonas is produced semi-regularly by Edicius (Tom Sullivan).  Jonas
    and the material therein are property of Edicius and Jonas Print Matter
     Incorporated.  Jonas may be freely distributed as long as this notice
        remains in place, and there is no fee charged for its retrieval.

                               .. and in the end
                            we shall achieve in time
                           the thing which is divine.
                          Spacehog / "In The Meantime"

   --------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Jonas E'Zine Volume 2, Issue 2                                May 27, 1996

   Contents:

   (1) - Edicius' Editorial
   (2) - How I Got This Way / by Mercuri
   (3) - Internet Censorship Revisited / by Edicius
   (4) - Snowglobes / by Funkdafied
   (5) - Wacky Mall Excursions: Take One / by Edicius
   (6) - Reviews: Edicius' Opinions on EVERYTHING!
   (7) - News From The World

   --------------------------------------------------------------------------
   (1) - Edicius' Editorial

   [May 20, 1996]

   Another Monday, more things on my mind.  This may turn out to be little
   more "ranty" then my normal writings, but eh.  So be it.

   There's less then 3 weeks left in the school year.  Instead of jumping for
   joy, I'm seeing the down side of it.  Do you realize that a week from now,
   the present seniors will be starting their exams.  Soon after that, they
   graduate.  I won't see 90 percent of them again.

   That's good.  Out of that 90 percent of the ones I'll never see again,
   99.9 percent I don't want to.  However, there is one that I will utterly
   miss.  I've just fallen all over her in the last few months.  Let me tell
   you, it sucks.

   She's popular, but not overly popular.  She isn't drop-dead gorgeous, but
   instead she can be simply described as cute.  There is nothing else that
   fits her better.  She isn't ugly, but she isn't one that would strike you
   as overly beautiful.  Her personality is great.  She amazes me.  I just
   don't know why.

   I don't know how it really started, either.  When my semester Art 2 class
   started in January, she was in it.  She wasn't in my Art 1 class early, so
   I didn't know who she was.  Two days into the class I looked in last
   year's yearbook and found out exactly who she was.  Since then, I've never
   forgotten her name.

   She will actually stop by my table and converse with me (well, me and the
   others sitting at the table).  I don't know if she's doing it just to make
   casual conversation and be nice, or whatever.  But I do know I melt when I
   am near her.

   She has a boyfriend.  That hampers the whole situation.  I saw his picture
   one day, and he isn't that bad looking of a guy, and from what I hear,
   he's not a bad person overall.  So, basically, I don't have a chance with
   her.

   Couple in the fact that after a week I will never see her again, it makes
   for one depressed Tom.  In a week or so the seniors graduate and leave the
   halls of my school forever.  In August she will start getting ready for
   college in Pennsylvania.  I just can't win.

   In two days, I have a rough draft for my history term paper due.  I
   haven't even started it.  Well, I have the research and everything, I just
   need to write it all out.  Let me tell you how fun these next two days
   will be.

   On the upside.  I get home from school today, and check my mail that I got
   today.  Not only did I get the new issue of Us News & World Report, with
   the cover story of "Wired Whiz Kids" (good reading, btw.  it's the 5/27/96
   issue), but I have a big brown envelope sitting for me.  Quickly I
   recognize the return address as the Weezer Fan Club.  Rock!  Inside it
   contained the spring '96 issue of Weezine (see review later in this
   issue), but it also had an autographed picture of the band, along with
   some other stuff.

   In case you still didn't know, I took the name "Jonas" from the Weezer
   song, "My Name Is Jonas."  So yes, I love the band.

   ----------

   As far as news this issue ..

   The first installment in the new Jonas column, called "How I Got This
   Way", was written by Mercuri.  The goal of this column is to provide a
   outlet for various people to talk about their lives.  More specifically,
   it is meant to show that the way we are today, personality wise, can
   normally be traced to one single event in our lives.  I believe Mercuri
   captured this perfectly.  You may know Mercuri as the editor of
   Radioactive Aardvark Dung magazine.  A million thanks go out to him.

   As always, the website is changing.  This time, I changed the layout and
   graphics and stuff, so it actually looks good!  The address is at the
   bottom of the file.  (Hey, if you're reading this from the website, you
   don't really need to know it, do you?)

   That is about it.  Have a great day.

   --------------------------------------------------------------------------
   (2) - How I Got This Way - by Mercuri

   I was at a friend's birthday party back in eighth grade, now, we had
   planned the whole time we were going to raise Hell that night.  Whether it
   was by terrorizing him in his sleep, or T-Ping.  We played football in his
   backyard, then we realized what we thought was mud was actually goose
   crap, so we stopped.  I poured a laxative in his drink, all in the name of
   good- natured fun, it was his birthday =).

   Anyway, the night dragged on.  We started playing "Risk," the board game
   at about 2:00am, me and two other anonymous friends went out to T-P and
   egg houses/cars, whatever crossed our path.  We found the first house,
   nestled tightly away in the woods, hit it with about two rolls of toilet
   paper, shaving creamed their windows.  it was a masterpiece of vandalism,
   it brought tears to my eyes. =)  Moving along, we went to the next house,
   while the third musketeer got weak in the knees and decided to go back to
   the house and play Risk with the rest of the people still their.

   This is where the destruction began, and basically my whole life is a
   result of the consequences of the following actions.  I myself, uprooted a
   stop sign, and speed limit sign, stole a license plate and slashed two
   tires. We together uprooted about eight to ten mail boxes.  The adrenaline
   was flowing that night.

   We went back to the house, where we played Risk until I fell asleep. I
   woke up around 4:00am only to find myself covered in shaving cream.
   "Those crazy kids!"

   I woke up the next morning with people shaking me.  "The police are all
   over the place!"  "You should see what we did in the daylight!  The tires
   you slashed were on a Cadillac!"  Not seeing any bright side to this whole
   thing, I walked outside, threw my pocket knife into a pond, shoved the
   license plate into the ground with my foot.

   "How could I have POSSIBLY thought I was going to get away with this?"

   "What the HELL was I going to do?"

   Like the police wouldn't suspect a sleep over as the cause of all this.  I
   have no idea what went through my head that night, but I do know that was
   the end of all of my vandalization for a while.  As well as my life.

   We had convinced the birthday boy's parents that we didn't do it, but boy,
   did I ever feel low after I heard that the house that we T-P'd majorly was
   a mixed marriage.  "Great, now I'll be coined as a racist."

   So we had escaped, and we went home.  I took a shower, praying to God on
   my knee's, that He make the punishment nothing.  And I went to bed, still
   praying.  I woke up at about 4:00pm, took another shower, and went down-
   stairs.  The rest of the day was normal until the phone rang.  It was the
   kid who went home before we did all the "bad" stuff.  He told me that the
   mother had just called His house, and that we were definitely, no doubt
   about it, implicated into the whole thing.  The call waiting beep sounded
   while I was talking to him.  Said "Hello," and the voice I heard was the
   birthday boy's mother, wanting to talk to my mother.  "Uhm, Mom!  Phone!"
   I yelled.  She talked to my mom, and I listened in.  We had more or less
   been ratted out by the Birthday Boy's little sister who had seen us sneak
   out.

   Wow, I had never seen my parents so absolutely pissed off and sad at the
   same time.  At the time, what they tried to get across from me didn't
   really sink in.  But it all hit me eventually.  Had this entire escapade
   not have happened, I would have definitely gotten into drugs heavier than I
   had, I would have never began to weight lift, I would have never had any
   dreams about going to VMI or West Point, like my role models did.  I would
   have never have had the grades I have now.  This event, what seemed to be
   the worst thing that had ever happened to me at the time, turned out to be
   the greatest turning point of my life.  I wouldn't trade what happened for
   the World.  Everything just seems to fall in place now.

   But something like this, you would think would make me be an angel. It
   sounds like now that I have completely avoided trouble and all risk, not
   true.  You have to gain the ability to recognize what is worth the risk,
   and what is not.  You have to balance yourself in the medium's of right
   and wrong. And remember, we are all made perfect through failure.

   --------------------------------------------------------------------------
   (3) - Internet Censorship Revisited - by Edicius

   [See endnotes for more information]

   How would you feel if censorship extended as far as your private phone
   calls?  You would feel offended, wouldn't you?  Well, what if instead of
   your private phone calls, your private email could earn you jail time?

   As long as the Internet is around, the topic of Internet Censorship won't
   die.  Recently we have seen several examples of this.  From Germany's list
   of explicit, and thereby illegal, newsgroups, to the United State's
   Communications Decency Act, the Internet has suffered a few blows.
   However, the biggest restriction may be in Australia.

   According to a press release put out by New South Wales (Australia)
   State Attorney-General Jeff Shaw QC MLC, the NSW State Government has
   proposed some very serious legislation.  The bill has many parts "to
   protect children and others from intentionally or accidentally accessing
   abhorrent and objectionable material." (1)

   This bill goes farther then a bill proposed by Western Australia.  The
   similar bill had an irregularity which allowed the legal transmission of
   computer games that contained any material containing violent and sexual
   acts.

   The bill proposed by NSW goes much further then newsgroups and web sites-
   some of the key components of the Communications Decency Act.  In a
   nutshell, this bill targets:

          - material that would be refused classifications;
          - material that would be unsuitable for minors of any age, such as
            a film classified X or R;
          - a publication that would be classified Category 1 or 2 (including
            explicit sexual or sexually related material) and;
          - material unsuitable for minors under 15 (2)

   Material considered unsuitable for children, even if it is not directed
   towards children, would be banned from everything- including private email.
   Material available in libraries would be illegal if published
   electronically.  Also, conversations that are legal on the street or on
   the telephone, would be illegal in chat rooms or email.  (3)

   This bill targets Internet Service Providers with jail time and stiff
   fines if any of their users violate this bill.  ISPs would be legally
   liable for everything, which would force many, if not nearly all, to close
   down due to the fact that they can't monitor everything their users do.
   Exceptions to this are two ISPs in New South Wales, Telstra and Optus, who
   have "common-carrier" status and are protected under Federal Law.

   According to a press release by the Electronic Frontiers Australia (Inc.),
   from Sunday May 19 1996, "existing laws against exploitative pornography,
   defamation, and harassment have proved sufficient in dealing with abuses
   of Internet services."  The EFA also goes on to say, "the Office of Film
   and Literature Classification itself has searched the Internet and
   reported that 'restricted and refused classification material was
   difficult to find.'"

   A May 27 rally at Sydney Hyde Park in Sydney, Australia, is planned.  This
   is to be followed be a march to the parliament House.  This is meant to
   give Internet users a chance to show their anger in person.  Police and
   City approval has been given to this event, and it is expected to be very
   mild.  Although at the current time no information regarding the outcome
   of the event is available, Jonas will keep you informed in a later issue.

   ----------

   Of course, all of this action in the land down under is due to our
   wondering Senators and Congressmen.  Thanks to their brilliant rendition of
   "Let's Regulate the Internet", now other countries feel they should do the
   same.

   Thanks guys, the world means it.

   ---------

   [Endnotes]

        (1) - taken from the press release from New South Wales Attorney
              General Jeff Shaw, titled "NSW Clamps Down on Pornography on
              the Internet."

        (2) - press release, Jeff Shaw.  See above.

        (3) - taken from Electronic Frontiers Australia Press Release
              (5/19/96), "Internet Uproar Over NSW Government's Censorship
              Plans."

   --------------------------------------------------------------------------
   (4) - Snowglobes - by Funkdafied

   I sit here and look at this beautiful snowglobe my friend Scott and his
   mother gave me for Christmas, and I start to cry, because I realize, that
   is the only thing left I have to remember them by.

   Last week, my friend's house caught on fire..  My friend Jon went to the
   store around 12:30 to get cigarettes (so he told the cops) and came back
   and the house was a big flame, with his brother Scott and his mother still
   inside.  By the time the cops and fireman got there, the mother had passed
   away and so had Scott..  Fortunately, they brought Scott back to life and
   flew him to Livingston (NJ) burn center, because he was burned 85% percent
   of his body.  The mothers funeral and wake was this week and it was very
   sad, everybody was crying, and I honestly thought I walked into the wrong
   room because unfortunately it was an open casket and it didn't look like
   her at all.  As the week went on Scott got worse, he lost 40% of his
   blood, his lungs stopped working and only 1/4 of his lungs worked, both of
   his kidneys gave out and he died yesterday morning for 25 minutes, they
   brought him back, but by then he was brain dead.  There wasn't really much
   of a chance of him suriving life too long, and he passed away last night
   in his sleep..

   No one knows if Jon did set the fire, or if he didn't..  they have him
   under investagation, but nothing will come out of it, the only people who
   know what really happen, is Scott and his mother..

   It's especially sad because a week before this happen, his mother was in a
   car accident and her car was totalled, and 3 days before the fire it was
   Scott's birthday.

   Can you just imagine how *you* would feel if your mother and brother were
   killed in a fire that *you* may or may not have started?  Can you just
   imagine how *you* would feel if you grew up with someone since
   kindergarten and was best friends since then and he called your mother mom
   and you called his mother mom, and both your friend and his mom died?
   That's what my ex boyfriend is going through.

   Scott was only 14 years old, that is when life basically begins; when you
   start knowing who your friends are, and what kind of music you actually
   like, not the kind your parents listen to and you thought was "cool", what
   clothes you actually wanted to wear, when you start going out with people.
   Scott died never graduating the eighth grade, never knowing what high
   school was like, he never had a girlfriend, him and his mother planned a
   trip to the Bahamas they are never going to get to go on, he was looking
   forward to a summer he is never going to have.  Things like that make you
   wonder..

   Maybe after reading this you should give your mom, or dad or brother or
   sister, a big hug and let them know you appreciate them, and look at what
   you are doing in your life and how some of you do drugs and not realize
   this could kill you and do a lot of other stupid stuff.  Just think, some
   investigators are saying this was arson and that Jon left a cigarette in
   his room somewhere, whether he dropped it on his bed, or in the garbage, a
   simple careless thing like that could have caused his whole family their
   life.  So maybe for those people who like to play with fire (you probably
   are thinking, only 12 year olds do that, I know seniors in high school
   that like to make bon fires in their backyard), or leave cigarettes around
   the room, forget to ash it, dump the ashtray in the garbage or throw a
   match when it still could be lit.  You think, "that could never happen to
   me", one week we are all over Scott and Jon's house watching a movie and
   the next week, his house isn't even livable.  It could happen to anyone.
   Now I have to go to a funeral for a boys life who didn't even really begin
   but it's already ended..

   And even though most of you don't believe in God, I do. In my snowglobe
   Scott and his mom gave me, It's a woman angel looking over a cherub in
   Heaven, and I'd like to think of that as Scott and his mom, happy in
   Heaven..

   --------------------------------------------------------------------------
   (5) - Wacky Mall Excursions: Take One - by Edicius

   I was in the mall today, and I went to this fast-food place (Nathan's).
   In my hand I had a CD I had just bought, Dead Milkmen, "Chaos Rules (Live
   at the Trocadero.)"  As I'm up getting my cheese fries and hot dog, the
   manager-type said, "Oh, what CD did you get?"  I said, "the Dead Milkmen."

   He just looked at me blankly.

   Now, I wasn't expecting a big fan from this guy, and I could deal with him
   not even knowing who they were, but I just found it really funny when he
   looked at me and said, "Who?  Are they big?  Like, have they made MTV
   yet?"

   My sister, who was standing next to me, laughed in the guys face.  At
   least I waited until my back was turned to laugh.

   ----------

   Now, I don't want to pass judgement on the guy or anything.  Nor am I
   trying to pull anything from this story in this article.  I'm leaving you
   to draw your own conclusion.  I just felt like relaying something eventful
   from my day to you.

   --------------------------------------------------------------------------
   (6) - Reviews: Edicius' Opinions on EVERYTHING!

   CDs/LPs

   Goldfinger/self titled/Mojo Records

   "You're probably thinking that we're some type of trendy punk rock band,
   jumping on the bandwagon.."

   With the recent new wave of So Cal punk ska bands, you may get tired of
   them.  Well, myself, I like the punk with the ska influenced.  This album
   is no exception.

   The two tracks that you could tell would be the first two singles are
   "Here In Your Bedroom" (which has been getting increasing airplay and a
   video on MTV) and "Minds Eye."  A lot of you are probably familiar with
   "Here..", but "Minds Eye" happens to be a really good song.  It has been
   getting some airplay, but expect to hear it A lot more in due time.  Then
   again, most of the songs on here are catchy enough to remain in your head
   easily enough.
   
   Most of the 16 tracks (14 listed, 2 "hidden") range from pretty good to
   really good.  There isn't much on here that I would really cut out.
   However, there isn't much on here that I would say is excellent.

   Some of the highlights of this album, besides the aforementioned "radio
   hits", include "Mable", "Answers", and "Stay."  On the same note, they
   could have cut out "The City With Two Faces" and "My Girlfriend's Shower
   Sucks."

   -----

   Love and Rockets/Sweet F.A./American Recordings

   Man oh man, this CD is definitely a great one.  If you can get your hands
   on a copy, definitely get it.  A great mix of guitar, piano, organs, bass,
   and "sound effects" produce an amazing album.  Between the acoustic
   and electric guitars, you also get a somewhat "techno-y" guitar sound.  I
   guess the best description for this is a part-acoustic, part-techno album.

   "Sweet Lover Hangover" is their first single.  This is a really great
   song.  I really don't know how to describe it, but I'll try my best.
   (Don't laugh)  Take smooth acoustic guitar (a la softer Oasis?) and mix
   with easy electric guitar solos, add organs and some wave sounds.

   For the most part, this is a very mellow sounding record.  It would
   definitely get my vote for one of the albums of the year.

   It is really hard to pull out the highlights of this album.  Mainly
   because every one is _GREAT_.  This is well worth whatever you pay for it.

   ----------

   'Zines

   Weezine - Issue 6/Spring 1996
   (14 pages/half sized)
   Weezer Fanclub
   9311 SE Foster Rd. #666
   Portland, OR 97266

   This has to be one of the best 'zines I've ever read.  It has great
   information on Weezer and a fantastic layout.  You really can't ask for
   much more then this in a 'zine.

   The main editors of this 'zine are Mykel and Carli.  They both run the
   Weezer Fan Club, which is how this 'zine is obtained.  To the best of my
   knowledge, I don't believe you can get this without joining the fanclub.
   Then again, if you want to read this 'zine for it's content (like you
   should), wouldn't you be interested in the fan club as well?

   ANYWAY.

   This issue features an update from Rivers Cuomo (lead singer of Weezer),
   in which they print a photocopy of a handwritten letter of his.  He tells
   us how Harvard life is, how his leg is feeling these days (he had an
   operation last winter), and the status of the new album.  Very interesting
   reading.

   The bulk of the issue (6 out of the 14 pages) is a column written by Karl
   Koch, who is Weezer's chief helpers (roadie duties, I presume?)  He does
   A lot of work for Weezer and The Rentals.  In this column he answers a lot
   of fan's questions about the band, reviews four Weezer bootlegs, and goes
   through a very thorough instrument history.  If you ever had the inkling
   to find out exactly what type of bass Matt Sharp uses, or the type of
   drums Pat Wilson uses, you will find that all in here.  Very amazing.

   The design itself is pretty professional.  They did a very good job with
   the layout.  The fonts are all perfect, nothing is hard to read.  Nor are
   there any blurry photocopies.

   Membership to the Weezer fanclub is $10.  Send a SASE to the address
   listed above.

   -----

   Big*Geek (Issue 2) / Inverted Magazine (Issue 3)
   (22 Pages/Full Sized)

   Big*Geek
   PO Box 319
   Glenview, IL 60025

   Inverted Magazine
   75 Grand St. #2e
   New York, NY 10013

   This is a split issue by two very good 'zines.  Let's look at Big*Geek's
   half first.

   This 'zine is run by Brian Geek (briang@ais.net).  It is still somewhat
   new, but shows A lot of potential.  Let's hope it continues on it's present
   track, and it will prove to be a very good read.  As it has proven
   already.

   This issue is really good.  A thought-provoking article on short
   attention spans, titled "what was i going to title this?" and a two page
   diary-type article, both show us the inner workings and thoughts of Brian.
   He also gives us a really good essay in "Red Kite".  There is also an
   interview with The Pist, and a messload of 'zine and record reviews.

   This was my first time reading Inverted, and I must say that I'm
   impressed.  Somewhat more "angsty" then most of my readings, Michelle
   Chen's (editor/voxpop@pipeline.com) writing's are very good.

   She has an article, titled "A Confession", in which she admits to being a
   dork (is that really hard to do? :)).  A really interesting short
   'personal reflection' called "Shows" and "An Anecdote" are also very great
   writings.  The thing I didn't really like, mainly because I didn't get it,
   was a short comic called "Pin Money" by Mimi Ilano.

   There are also some other short essays and stories in this issue.  Most of
   them are very good.

   Overall, both of these magazines are great.  Good layout, great content.
   Contact these editors and get their 'zines.

   ----------
   Relish e'Zine - Issue 3
   email: jlantz@netcom.com

   This has to be my favorite e'zine right now.  It's such a lovely blend of
   personal reflections with short stories and other essays.  Man, The Masked
   Marauder (editor) rocks.

   This issue has a really good rant-spew called "alterna-teen", a funny story
   called "Lassie", and A lot of other really good things.  Murmur has a great
   piece called "Licking Stamps."  TMM has other great stuff, Shadow Tao has
   an article..  Man, this issue just _RULES_.  It is so great.  So great.

   ----------
   Slinky e'Zine - Issue 4
   email: b3lial@cybercomm.net

   This is definitely my second favorite e'zine in the world (see relish
   review, above :)).  This is also really great.  This issue is the best
   Slinky issue to date.

   With a really funny opening editorial ("Meet Russian Women!"), to great
   stories by Belial, "Did You Love Her?", and Cerkit, "What Time Is It?", to
   a great essay by Jestapher, "Intellect vs. Introspect."  Cerkit also had
   very good poetry this issue, especially "Shadows Conversing."

   This is a great 'zine.  That's all that can be said.  Keep looking towards
   this 'zine in the future.  If all holds well for the Slinky people, we
   could be looking at a fierce 'zine.

   --------------------------------------------------------------------------
   (7) - News Snippets - Compiled by Edicius

                   _Teens charged in credit card online scam_
                           Asbury Park Press, 5/4/96

   By Bernhard Warned, Staff Writer

   To an unsuspecting computer user on line, the message seemed legitimate
   enough: "You're out of time.  Please enter your name, credit card account
   number and computer password to continue to operate on-line."

   Behind the message, however, were two South Brunswick Township [NJ]
   teen-agers who retrieved the credit card account information and used it to
   mail-order a cache of computer and music equipment, police said.

   In the end, the boys obtained $14,235 worth of merchandise -- including a
   high-tech notebook computer, a CD-ROM drive, modem and drum cymbals --
   thanks to their home computer, police said yesterday.

   The two -- 16-year olds from the Dayton and Kendall Park sections --
   ultimately defrauded 15 subscribers of America Online, a computer service
   with subscribers across the United States, police said.

   The boys have been released to the custody of their parents with a date
   pending in Family Court in New Brunswick.

   Beginning perhaps in early March, the suspects had the merchandise
   delivered to five township homes that were either unoccupied or in the
   process of being sold.

   In an effort to cover their tracks, precise instructions were attached to
   the front doors ordering the deliverymen to drop off the items in the
   rear of the homes, presumably out of view of any suspicious neighbors.

   Their alleged scheme began to unravel on April 8, however, when township
   detectives received a phone call from Wisconsin police.  Wisconsin
   authorities told police that an order for music equipment was to be sent
   to a residence in the Kendall Park section of the township.  What made it
   suspicious was that the item was ordered with a credit card belonging to
   a Flushing, N.Y., resident.

   In the following weeks, detectives learned of similar billing
   arrangements identifying other township homes, police said.

   Finally, investigators spoke with a woman from the Franklin Park section
   of South Brunswick who gave them a description of two young men who had
   knocked on her door looking for a package.  She told that boys that she
   had it returned.

   With the use of United Parcel Service records, more credit card victims
   surfaced, creating a paper trail that eventually led to the boys' homes.

   A search of the boys' homes revealed additionally merchandise and a
   damming bit of evidence: the computer used to perpetrate the crimes -- and
   a computer file in it detailing whom they had defrauded, police said.

   At the home of one of the culprits, police found a new $4,000 laptop
   computer.  The boy explained its existence by drafting a letter to his
   father, which stated the boy won the computer for his scholarly
   achievements, said Detective Ed George.

   In the end, the boys had been tied to seven different crimes, police said.
   For their alleged roles, they were charged with a 39 counts of theft and
   fraud, police said.

   Pirate software, the type the boys used to allegedly snatch up credit card
   details, is readily available from hackers or via the Internet, police
   say.

   In this case, the boys used a program called "AOHell," which permitted
   them to fish for credit card account information of online users.

   "A lot of kids have it," Detective James Kennard said of the program.
   "Not all of them use it, however."

   Kennard said the program could be used to irk online users by infiltrating
   on-line chat sessions or even bumping them off the computer network all
   together.

   Investigators suspect that as many as 12 students may have conspired to
   commit the crimes.

   ----------

   From Time magazine, 5/13/96:

                                 Just Too Much

   Is Newt Gingrich a punk-rock fan, particularly of "Theme Song", a tune by
   the band Too Much Joy?  As the story goes, Gingrich heard the single played
   among G.O.P. staff members, then last month allegedly sent fan letters to
   the irreverent musicians (once tried and acquitted of obscenity charges),
   raving that they "had captured the entire essence of our 1994 campaign in a
   single line: 'To create, you must destroy.'"  The band's promoters used the
   letters to help publicize its new album.  Last week Gingrich's's office
   claimed the letters were a hoax, despite being on the Speaker's stationery,
   complete with signature, gold seal and watermark.  Band member Jay
   Blumenfield believes the letters are authentic.  Still, he says, "it's
   becoming more and more sinister."

   -----------

   Posted to several newsgroups, including alt.zines and
   alt.music.modern-rock, by Radical Records (radical@chesea.ios.com).

            _INDIE LABEL Inter-"NETS" SOUGHT-AFTER AUSTRALIAN BAND_

   New York City-based Radical Records broke new ground this week, quite
   possibly becoming the first label to sign a  band without ever meeting or
   speaking to them.

   The deal was set up by Eric Rosen, Director of A&R at Radical, who
   discovered Bucket while scanning an Australian web page devoted to unsigned
   bands.

   Eighty-six e-mails and 7 months later, Bucket signed a four year, four
   record deal with Radical Records, a growing indie label, whose use of
   modern day technology just sent a clear message to Bucket's many other
   worldwide suitors:  Hop aboard the information highway now, or lose the
   race.

   The four piece has already had top picks from past recordings at worldwide
   radio stations.  They've also been nominated for several music awards back
   home in Western Australia.

   "I never thought the internet would help us," Bucket's manager Kevin
   Russeth wrote in one of his e-mails, "We thought it was something that was
   going to steal our freedom, not help us get it!"

   There's definitely something special about these guys.  Three of the four
   bandmembers write the songs, resulting in a variety of sounds ranging from
   melodic string arrangements to faster, dirtier rhythms.  Their left handed
   bass and guitar players not only play their guitars upside-down, they also
   use a wealth of bizarre tuning configurations toproduce their own unique
   sound.

   Their first American full-length, a mixture of  previous Aussie releases
   "Flounder" and "Muddle" will be released this fall on Radical, backed up by
   a nationwide college tour.

   Also coming up on Radical this summer is a new release by New Jeresey
   punksters BLANKS 77 and "Oi! Skampilation, Vol.2".  Phew, it's a wonder all
   those Radical guys and gals don't kick the "bucket"! No way, they're too
   damn good!

   Call 212-475-3672 for more info..

   --------------------------------------------------------------------------

                            Jonas e'Zine -- Issue 18
                                This is line 700
                    Send all inquiries to edi@cybercomm.net
                          .. or visit the website at:
                    http://www.cybercomm.net/~edi/jonas.html
                          .. or visit the ftp site at:
                         ftp.etext.org /pub/Zines/Jonas

              "Jonas.  It's more then a 'zine, it is a lifestyle."

   -- eof ------------------------------------------------------------ eof --

