From: Minotaur@cup.portal.com (A Frank Swilling)
Newsgroups: soc.motss
Subject: The GLBO-Centered Film List
Message-ID: <73390@cup.portal.com>
Date: Mon, 11 Jan 93 18:23:27 PST
Organization: The Portal System (TM)
Lines: 1142

The GLBO-Centered Film List
compiled by Frank Swilling

***** GLBO-Centered Domestic Documentaries *****

Alternative Conceptions - 1985 (Lesbian: Documentary concerning artificial
	insemination for lesbians.)
American Fabulous - 1990 (Gay - 103 minutes of a gay man named Jeffrey
	Strouth, who recently died of AIDS, sitting in the back seat of an
	old car telling boring stories about his life.)
Before Stonewall - 1984 (GLBO - Documentary: Gay and lesbian culture before
	the Stonewall uprising.)
A Bigger Splash - 1974 (Gay - Documentary: 4 years with David Hockney and
	friends.)
A Celebration of Lesbian and Gay Life and Love - 1990 (Gay/Lesbian - Music
	Video celebrating the ubiquity and strength of the gay and lesbian
	experience.)
Choosing Children - 1985 (Lesbian - Documentary concerning the issues
	surrounding lesbians who became parents after coming out.)
Common Threads - Stories From the Quilt - 1991 (Gay/Bisexual - Several random
	stories of people represented by squares on the AIDS memorial quilt.)
A Conversation with Brian McNaught on Being Gay [On Being Gay] - 1986 (Gay -
	Documentary:  Activist, lecturer counselor, and author McNaught
	discusses being gay in a straight world.)
Del Martin and Phyllis Lyon - 1975 (Lesbian - Documentary wherein the
	founders of "The Daughters of Bilitis" speak their minds.)
Dry Kisses Only - 1990 (Lesbian - Documentary: Lesbian subtexts of Hollywood
	movies are revealed through inventive editing, hilarious commentaries
	and interviews.)
The Families We Choose - 1985 (Lesbian - Documentary: 4 lesbian families and
	other women talk about their lives.)
For Love and For Life: The 1987 March on Washington for Lesbian and Gay
	Rights - 1988 (GLBO - Documents the March on Washington.)
Framing Lesbian Fashion - 1992 (Lesbian - A look at the evolution of lesbian
	attire and identity, featuring interviews with Sally Gearhart, JoAnn
	Loulan, Arlene Stein, Kitty Tsui, and others.)
Gay for a Day/Costumes on Review - 1976 (GLBO - "Gay for a Day" documents
	the 1976 Gay Pride Parade, & Costumes on Review" is a funny look at a gay
	Halloween party.)
Gay Games II: Highlights - 1986 (GLBO - Documentary)
Gay Games II: Women's Physique - 1986 (Lesbian - Documentary of the women's
	bodybuilding competition.)
Gay, Proud, and Sober - 1978 (Gay - Documentary about alcoholism and its
	treatment in the gay community.)
Gay Voices, Gay Legends - 1988 (Gay - Famous and lesser known gay men talk
	about their lives.)
Gay Youth - 1992 (Gay/Lesbian - The stories of two teens: Bobby Griffith,
	who killed himself at the age of twenty, and Gina Gutierrez, a
	17-year-old high school senior who received acceptance and support
	for her sexual identity.)
Greetings from Washington, D.C. - 1981 (GLBO - Documentary about the 1987
	March on Washington.)
The Historic March on Washington: The Largest Gay Rights Demonstration
	Ever - 1987 (GLBO - Documentary about the March on Washington.)
Homo Promo - 19?? (GLBO - A collection of trailers for GLBO films from
	the 30s to the 80s.)
Honored by the Moon - 1990 (Gay/Lesbian - Documentary about homosexuality
	among Native Americans.)
If She Grows up Gay - 1983 (Lesbian - Documentary about the life of a
	19-year-old black lesbian who talks her pregnancy and about raising
	her daughter with her new lover.)
In the Best Interests of the Children - 1977 (Lesbian - Documentary with
	8 diverse lesbian mothers talking about parenting and child custody.
	Also gives the children's views.)
Juggling Gender - 1992 (Lesbian - Savvy documentary about a bearded
	lesbian performance artist.)
Just Because of Who We Are - 1986 (Lesbian - Documentary about physical
	and psychological violence and harassment directed against lesbians.)
Kim - 1988 (Lesbian - Documentary about the coming out process of a young
	Puerto Rican lesbian in New York.)
Labor More Than Once - 1983 (Lesbian - Documentary about Marianne MacQueen,
	a lesbian mother who's trying to regain custody of her son.)
Last Call at Maud's - 1992 (Lesbian - Billed as a "work-in-progress", this
	film focuses on the closing of the world's oldest lesbian bar in the
	world, Maud's in San Francisco.  Tracking lesbian history from the
	WWII lesbian bar scene, to the birth of The Daughters of Bilitis, to
	the closing of Amelia's in 1991, Last Call at Maud's documents the
	lives and histories of some of the major figures in San Francisco's
	lesbian community.)
Lesbian Mothers - 1979 (Lesbian - Documentary about the social stigma of
	lesbian motherhood.)
Lesbian Tongues - 1989 (Lesbian - Documentary: Prominent lesbians talk about
	love, sex, and coming out.)
Lifetime Commitment: A Portrait of Karen Thompson - 1988 (Lesbian -
	Documentary about the legal struggles between Ms. Thompson and her
	lover's family over visitation rights after Sharon Kowalski is
	critically injured in a 1983 auto accident.)
Males Couples: How Relationships Develop - 1985 (Gay - Documentary:
	discussion of the stages of a male couple's relationship, using
	dramatized vignettes of a male couple's life.)
The Male Escorts of San Francisco - 1992 (Gay - Thoughtful, unsensational,
	this tape answers almost all the questions you might ever have about
	male escorts.)
Meet Bradley Harrison Picklesimer- 1987 (Gay Transvestite - Documentary:
	The profile of a Kentucky drag queen.)
Nitrate Kisses - 1992 (GLBO - Lesbian filmmaker Barbara Hammer's "experi-
	mental" (read:non-traditional filmic styles) film explores the history
	of lesbian and gay culture.  Part oral history, part collage, part
	film montage, the film might sometimes get unwieldy, but it remains
	interesting throughout.)
No Need to Repent: The Ballad of Rev. Jan Griesinger - 1989 (Lesbian -
	Documentary: Reverend Jan Griesinger is an "out" minister in the
	United Church of Christ who has integrated her ministry, her politics
	and her personal life.  The story of a courageous contemporary
	feminist, this film reveals some of the many levels of her activism.)
Non, Je Ne Regrette Rien - 1992 (Gay - Through music, poetry, and, at times,
	chilling self-disclosure, five serio-positive black gay men speak of
	their individual confrontation with AIDS.)
Not All Parents are Straight - 198? (Gay/Lesbian - Documents parent-child
	relationships in several gay or lesbian-parent households.)
Paris Is Burning - 1991 (GLBO - A look at the drag balls of Harlem and
	interviews with some of people who enter them, in which drag of every
	description is featured.)
Part of the U.S.A.: The Official National March on Washington for Lesbian
	and Gay Rights Video - 1987 (GLBO - The only video endorsed by the
	organizers of the event.)
Pink Triangles: A Study of Prejudice against Lesbians and Gay Men - 1982
	(Gay/Lesbian - Historical view of homophobia from the Nazi era
	through the present.)
Portrait of Jason - 1967 (Gay - Interview with hustler Jason Holliday.)
Pride - 1989 (Gay/Lesbian - ACT-UP New York's DIVA TV [Damned Interfering
	Video Activists] celebrates events of Lesbian and Gay Pride Weekend
	1989.)
Pride and Prejudice - 1992 (Gay - A primer about homophobia, the closet,
	and coming out today - nicely spliced together with visual jokes and
	in-the-know references.)
The Queen - 1968 (Gay Transvestite - Outlandish documentary of the 1967
	Drag Miss All American Beauty Queen Contest.)
Ray Navarro Memorial Tape - 1990 (Gay: A tribute to the AIDS activist and
	videomaker, who died while making a work about Latino gay male assimi-
	lation into white gay culture.)
Rights and Reactions: Lesbian and Gay Rights on Trial - 1988 (Gay/Lesbian -
	Documents the passage of the 1986 Gay and Lesbian Rights bill in N.Y.)
The Salt Mines - 1990, (Transvestite - A group of homeless, urban, Hispanic
	drag queen prostitutes on crack live in a junk yard in a secluded
	area alongside the Hudson River known as the Salt Mines.  Powerful
	and grim.)
She Don't Fade - 1991 (Lesbian - A self-reflexive look at the sexuality,
	love life, and friendships of a young black woman who is passing
	for white.)
Silent Pioneers - 1984 (Gay/Lesbian - Interviews and profiles of six gay
	and lesbian senior citizens.  Also examines services available to gay
	seniors around the U.S.)
The Sluts and Goddesses Video Workshop, or How To Be A Sex Goddess In 101
	Easy Steps - 1992 (Lesbian - Learn how to have more sensual and sexual
	pleasure in your life.  Follow along as Annie Sprinkle catalogs the joys
	of sex, along with her "Transformation Facilitators", which include
	Diviana Ingravallo, Jocelyn Taylor, and Carol [Scarlot Harlot] Leigh.)
Sonia Johnson: Going Farther Out of Our Minds - 198? (Lesbian - Author
	Sonia Johnson explores how women can leave patriarchy behind and
	begin living in a new world right now.)
The Times of Harvey Milk - 1984 (Gay - The life and death, by assassination,
	of San Francisco Supervisor Harvey Milk.)
Tiny and Ruby: Hell Divin' Women - 1988 (Lesbian - Biography of jazz
	trumpeter Ernestine "Tiny" Davis and her lover/partner of over 40
	years, drummer Ruby Lucas, aka Renee Phelan.)
Tongues Untied - 1989 (Gay - Documentary using poetry, rap, interviews and
	dramatic situations to express the oppression faced by black gay men
	in America today.)
Voices of Life - 1991 (Gay - A clever deconstruction of conventional AIDS
	documentaries, which alerts us to how appearances can be deceiving.)
War on Lesbians - 1992 (Lesbian - Drawing on various pop culture
	conventions and referents, director Jane Cottis poses as a gallery
	of characters and incorporates the subject of lesbianism into every
	imaginable area.)
We Are Ourselves - 1976 (Lesbian - Tee A. Corinne and Honey Lee Cottrell
	discuss their relationship and sexual orientation.  Explicit sex
	scenes show them making love.)
We Are Family - 1987 (Gay/Lesbian - Examines daily life of parents and
	children in gay and lesbian families.)
Who Happen to Be Gay - 1979 (Gay - Six openly gay professional men talk
	about their lifestyle and its impact on them, their families, friends,
	and colleagues.)
Wild Life - 1985 (Gay - Examines the social milieu of two 15-year-old
	Latinos in LA, mixing documentary-style interviews with vignettes
	about their fantasy lives.)
A Woman's Place Is in the House - 1976 (Lesbian - Portrait of Elaine Noble,
	first woman and self-avowed lesbian elected to the Massachusetts
	legislature.)
World of Light: A Portrait of May Sarton - 1979 (Lesbian - Interviews with
	and readings from the works of 70-year-old author May Sarton.)
Word Is Out: Stories of Some of Our Lives - Conversations with 16 Gay Men
	and Women - 1977 (Gay/Lesbian - Interviews gays and lesbians from
	different backgrounds and discusses how they deal with their sexuality
	and with society's attitude towards them.)
You Can Fight City Hall - 1986 (GLBO - Details the struggle of the Columbus,
	Ohio gay community to add the words "sexual orientation to existing
	job protection legislation.)

***** GLBO-Centered Foreign Documentaries *****

Absence of Us - 1986, Canada (Lesbian - Examines the public and private
	realities of being a lesbian in Canada today.)
All Out Dancing in Dulais - 198?, Great Britain (Gay/Lesbian - Recounts
	the formation of an unusual alliance between a group of young gays
	and lesbians from London and a group of miners from Wales during a
	Welsh miner's strike in 1984-85.)
Armisted Maupin is a Man I Dreamed Up - 1992 (Gay - A Made-for-BBC look
	at San Francisco, and the man whose "Tales of the City" series have
	inspired thousands to move there.)
Army of Lovers, or Revolt of the Perverts - 1978, West Germany (Gay -
	Rosa von Praunheim's highly subjective, heavy-handed view of the gay
	movement in America, telling its story through a series of interviews
	interspersed with newsreel footage, still photo montages, snippets of
	marches and rallies, and agitprop gay theatre.)
Bright Eyes - 1986, Great Britain (Made-for-British-TV 3-part video which
	examines the historical and social factors influencing current reactions
	to homosexuality and AIDS.)
Corps de Parole - 1989, Canada (Lesbian - Documentary centering on French
	writer Michele Causse.)
Cover Comrades in Arms - 1990, Great Britain (Gay/Lesbian - Documentary:
	Six lesbians and gay men recall living, loving and serving in the
	British armed services in World War II.)
Daddy and the Muscle Academy - 1992, Finland (Gay - Combines interview
	material with Tom of Finland, and hundreds of his drawings, with
	testifying "Tom's men", from Drummer Daddies to fellow artists.  This
	controversial film also includes some steamy invented sequences - a
	sort of "journey to the center of Tom's psyche".)
Derek Jarman, Know What I Mean - 1988, Great Britain (Gay - An overview of
	the controversial artist's life and work.)
Desire - 1989, Great Britain (Gay - A view of gay life in Germany before
	the Holocaust.)
Every Conceivable Position: Inside Gay Porn - 1992, Great Britain (Gay/
	Lesbian: A fresh and thoughtful look at the modern gay and lesbian
	porn industry, including behind-the-scenes interviews with stars,
	producers, and commentators.  This documentary was commissioned by
	the BBC, who allowed the filmmakers to include clips, so long as
	genitals weren't visible.)
Eunuchs: India's Third Gender - 1991, Great Britain (Gay - A made-for-BBC
	look at some of the more than half a million eunuchs - or hijiras -
	in India today.  This film captures the pleasures and contradictions
	of a living alternative to Western ideas about gender.)
Flesh & Paper - 1990, Great Britain (Lesbian - Documentary: The life and
	writings of the lesbian writer and poet Suniti Namjoshi who is from
	an Indian royal family and resides in England.  Includes interviews
	with her friends and with the young Indian women who take her as a
	role model.)
Flowing Hearts: Thailand Fights AIDS - 1992 (The White Line Dance Troupe
	uses Thai and modern dance to enact AIDS awareness.  Thai gay/AIDS
	activists are interviewed.)
Framed Youth - 198?, Great Britain (British teens confront straights in
	London about their views on homosexuality with amusing, revealing,
	results.)
In the Out Tray - 198?, Great Britain (Gay/Lesbian - Examines the issue of
	lesbian and gay employment rights.)
Handel und Wandel - 1983, West Germany (Lesbian - Loving docudrama about
	the filmmaker's girlfriend, a vital, energetic lesbian.)
Improper Conduct [Mauvaise Conduite] - 1984, France (Gay - Documents all
	persecution in Castro's Cuba, including that of gays.)
A Kind of Family - 1992, Canada (Gay:  Documentary profiling the relationship
	and family life of a gay city counselor and his street kid foster son.)
Legal Memory - 1992, Canada (Gay: Plodding but still interesting docu-drama
	about the last man hanged in British Columbia, for the 1958 murder of
	his sailor boyfriend.)
Lesbians Against the Right - 1981, Canada (Lesbian - Addresses the attempts
	by the New Right to blame society's ills on gays, immigrants, and
	the women's movement.)
Looking for Langston - 1988, Great Britain (Gay - Documents the life and
	times of gay black poet Langston Hughes.)
Macho Dancer - 19??, The Philippines (Gay - Documentary: About the lives of
	boy prostitutes in Manila.)
The Making of "Monsters" - 1991, Canada (Gay - George Lukacs is a Marxist
	literary critic and has made films such as Star Wars, about American
	Imperialism in the space age.  Berthold Brecht is a catfish and
	renowned playwright. They team up to film the musical "Monsters",
	about 4 Toronto schoolboys who killed a gay highschool teacher.
	Indescribable, absurd, and hilarious.)
Memoire de notre hystoire 1972-1987 - 1987, Canada (Lesbian - Depicts
	lesbian history in Canada through the years 1972-1987 as seen by two
	lesbian feminists.)
Michael, A Gay Son - 1981, Canada (Gay - Explores the feelings and
	experiences of gays coming out to their families by following one
	man through the process.)
Minoru and Me - 1992, Great Britain (A brutally honest real-life-while-it-
	happens drama of a man with cerebral palsy trying to come out to the
	filmmaker, his friend.  As the filmmaker becomes increasing obsessed
	with portraying the physically challenged man as disabled and dependent,
	the man with cerebral palsy becomes increasingly disgusted and unable to
	state what he's traveled all the way from Japan to say.)
Montgomery Clift - 1985, Italy (Gay - Biography which deals extensively with
	the actor's homosexuality.)
Over Our Dead Bodies - 1991, Great Britain (GLBO: Documentary examining the
	direct action gay movement, including ACT-UP, Queer Nation and OUTRAGE
	in the United States and the United Kingdom).
A Place of Rage - 1991, Great Britain (Lesbian - documentary: Lesbian
	filmmaker Pratibha Parmar directs this tribute and celebration of
	African-American women and their accomplishments.)
Positive - 198?, West Germany, USA (Gay/Lesbian - A documentary about the
	rise of the AIDS activist movement in the US. The focus is on New York
	City.  Footage of GMHC, ACT-UP etc.)
Prison for Women [P4W, Pan Canadian Prison for Women] - 1981, Canada
	(Lesbian - A film about a woman's prison in which lesbians, among
	others, are jailed.)
Saturday Night Out:  the Gay Rock'n Roll Years, 1954-1991 - 1992, Great
	Britain  (GLBO: A history of the gay/lesbian movement from 1954-1991
	as seen from clips from the BBC archives and set to the rock'n roll
	music of those years.)
Sharing the Secret - 1981, Canada (Gay - The lives and feelings of several
	gay men are explored as they go through their day to day lives.)
Silence=Death - 198?, West Germany,USA (Gay/Lesbian - A documentary about
	several New York-based performance artists, including Diamanda Galas,
	David Wojnarowicz, and Emilio Cubeiro, whose work discusses issues
	related to AIDS.)
Susana - 1980, Argentina, United States (Lesbian - Autobiographical sketch
	of a young Argentine lesbian who has to deal with her family's
	disapproval as well as her emerging lesbian identity.)
That's Masculinity - 1991, Great Britain (Gay - Documentary: Campy and
	erotic answers to the ever pervasive questions about sex and gender.)
Trojans - 1990, Great Britain (Gay - Documentary: A look at nineteenth
	century Greek poet Constantine Cavafy, whose work is loaded with
	homoeroticism and motifs from Greek history.  The film reflects the
	same heady ambience using sexy Derek Jarmanesque super-8 visuals and
	the poet's work on the soundtrack.)
Veronica 4 Rose - 1985, Great Britain (Lesbian - Made-for-British-TV
	documentary about teenage lesbians growing up in several diverse
	English cities.)
We've Been Framed - 1991, Great Britain (Lesbian - Documentary: Lesbians
	talk about the best, worst, and first lesbian film they've seen.)
What Shall We Do Without Death - 1980, West Germany (Lesbian - A female
	couple who have vowed to spend the rest of their lives together are
	the focus of this film about a retirement home in Hamburg.)
Whoever Says the Truth Shall Die - 1981, Netherlands (Gay -
	Made-for-Dutch-TV film about the life and murder of filmmaker/poet
	Pier Paolo Pasolini.)
Witches, Dykes, Faggots, and Poofters - 1979, Australia (Gay/Lesbian -
	Documents the oppression of gays and lesbians throughout history,
	focussing on Sydney and New South Wales.)
A Woman of My Platoon - 1989, Canada (Lesbian - Juxtaposes the
	experiences of lesbians serving in the Canadian armed services during
	WWII against a modern debate in the Canadian parliament concerning
	a bill which would prevent discrimination against lesbians and gays
	in the armed services.)

***** Gay-Centered Domestic Films *****

Abuse - 1983 (Gay - Drama: A young boy, abused at home, finds love with a
	gay filmmaker.)
As Is - 1986 (Gay - Drama: A man who has contracted AIDS from a lover who
	then abandoned him moves in with his caring ex-lover.)
The Boys in the Band - 1970 (Gay - Drama: The first Hollywood movie to
	feature male homosexuality, in which a straight man is the accidental
	guest at a birthday party with one of each of the major gay male
	subgroups except for leather.)
Buddies - 1985 (Gay - Drama: A gay activist who has AIDS starts out hating
	the yuppie volunteer who comes to take care of him out of a sense of
	duty, but their brief relationship is both poignant and intense.)
The Christine Jorgensen Story - 1970 (Transsexual - Biography: the world's
	most famous male-to-female sex change story.)
Citizen Cohn - 1992 (Gay - Biographical Drama: Made-for-HBO movie about
	infamous lawyer Roy Cohn, a Jew who prosecuted the Rosenbergs, a
	queer-hating homosexual who was the prime shaker behind Senator Joe
	McCarthy's anti-communist & homosexual witch-hunt in the 1950's.
	Includes such delightful scenes as Cohn being entertained after
	dinner at J. Edgar Hoover's home by Hoover's true love, Deputy FBI
	Director Clyde Tolson, at the piano, and a restaurant scene with
	Cohn eating from the plate of one the other most influential right-
	wing closet-cases of the day: renowned chicken-hawk Francis Cardinal
	Spellman.)
Consenting Adult - 1985 (Gay - Drama: Made-for-TV movie about a teenage
	boy who comes out to his parents.  Mom eventually comes around, but
	Dad would rather die, and does.)
Cruising - 1980 (Gay - Drama: Extremely negative film about gay murders
	and the undercover cop trying to solve them, but who turns into a
	killer faggot himself from exposure to the New York leather scene.)
The Dead Boys' Club - 1992 (Gay - Drama: Toby's cousin gives him a pair
	of shoes previously owned by the cousin's deceased lover.  When Toby
	wears the shoes, he's transported to the 70s pre-AIDS world of disco,
	hot guys, and glitter balls, juxtaposing the generational differences
	that AIDS has wrought.)
The Disco Years - 1992 (Gay - Drama: Set in the times of pet rocks, gas
	lines, and macrame, a high school student's sexual passions are stirred
	in his gym class.)
Dog Day Afternoon - 1975 (Gay - Drama/Biography: Gay man robs bank to pay
	for his male lover's sex-change operation.)
Doing Time on Maple Drive - 1992 (Gay - Drama: A teenager comes to grips
	with his gay identity and tries to come out to his dysfunctional
	suburban family in this made-for-TV movie.)
Drum - 1976 (Gay - Drama: A white plantation owner and his gay pal rape
	black men.)
An Early Frost - 1985 (Gay - Drama: Made-for-TV movie about a family
	having to deal with their son's AIDS.)
Fortune and Men's Eyes - 1971 (Gay - Drama: A tough, tragic story
	involving violence, sex roles, and epic bitchiness in a men's
	prison.)
Fun Down There - 1988 (Gay - Drama: The life and loves of a guy who
	leaves his home in upstate New York for Manhattan.)
The Genesis Children - 1972, USA, Italy (Gay? - Drama: A joyous
	celebration of innocent youths on a journey of self-discovery.
	Controversial even today because of its uninhibited naturist
	sentiments.)
Horror Vacuii - 1984 (Gay - Drama: A gay man tries to save his lover
	from a religious cult.)
Kiss of the Spider Woman - 1985 (Gay Transvestite - Drama: A gay prisoner
	falls in love with the revolutionary he's supposed to be spying on
	for the prison authorities.)
The Living End - 1991 (Gay - Drama: Two fatalistic L.A. boys - one an
	impulsive, on-the-edge psycho cutie, the other a lover of Godard
	movies who listens to the Smiths a lot - discover they're HIV
	positive and set off on an unplanned, unhinged cross-country spree
	of violence and abandon.)
Longtime Companion - 1990 (Gay - Drama: In 1970s New York, a bunch of gay
	friends are having wonderful lives, until one by one, most of them
	start getting sick with AIDS.)
Making Love - 1982 (Bisexual/Gay - Drama: A handsome young doctor leaves
	his beautiful young wife for a handsome young writer.)
Mala Noche - 1985 (Gay - Drama: A well-adjusted young gay grocery clerk
	falls in love with a 16-year-old Mexican illegal alien who doesn't
	return his feelings.)
Mountains of the Moon - 1990 (Gay - Biographical Drama: Epic about
	explorers Richard Burton and John Hanning Speke.  The film makes
	it quite clear that Speke is homosexual, and, in fact quite taken
	with Burton.  This storyline is not the main thrust of the film
	however.)
My Own Private Idaho - 1991 (Gay - Drama: A narcoleptic hustler looking
	for some love in his life and a bisexual hustler who'd do anything
	to outrage his father go on a search for their own identities.)
Nocturne - 1989 (Gay - Drama: Mark Harris's contemplative coming of age
	story about Martin, a shy pianist new to New York, who meets the
	handsome Gino.  Martin thinks he's found his match, but Gino only
	wants a casual sexual liaison.  As Martin slides into obsession he
	is forced to deal with a terrible secret from his past.)
Norman, Is That You? - 1976  (Gay - Comedy: A butch gay black youth is
	in love with a nelly white youth, and his parents are both about to
	have a heart attack over it.)
Parting Glances - 1986 (Gay - Drama: Lovers find their relationship is
	falling apart because one is getting ready to take a job in Africa;
	the other has to also cope with his ex-lover and dear friend, who
	has contracted the AIDS virus.)
Partners - 1982 (Gay - Comedy: Insulting, homophobic, and crude story of
	a straight cop posing as a gay man along with a real gay man in order
	to solve some murders in the gay community.)
Pink Narcissus - 1970 (Gay - Drama: Caballeros and bike boys, striptease
	and tearoom sex.  This film delves beneath the surface of gay sex
	fantasies.)
Rock Hudson's Home Movies - 1992 (Gay - Comic pseudo-documentary:
	A Rock Hudson look-alike impersonates the star as he takes us through
	an array of cleverly-edited clips of Hudson's films and confesses to
	all the homosexual connotations.)
The Rocky Horror Picture Show - 1975 (Gay Transvestite - Horror/Comedy/
	Musical: An innocent young couple take refuge in the castle of
	Dr. Frank 'n' Furter, that sweet transvestite from Transsexual,
	Transylvania.)
The Sergeant - 1968 (Gay - Drama: A deeply repressed Sergeant Major falls
	in love with a company clerk, and is unable to deal with his homosexual
	desires.)
Sergeant Matlovich vs. U.S. Air Force - 1978 (Gay - Drama: Made-for-TV movie
	about Matlovich's fight to stay in the Air Force despite his revealed
	homosexuality.)
Some of My Best Friends Are... [The Bar] - 1971 (Gay - Drama: One night in
	the life of a pre-Stonewall bar in Greenwich Village.)
Summer Kiss - 1987 (Gay - Drama: Falling in love story about two young men
	who go to the same school, meet on a Provincetown Ferry, and begin to
	build a relationship.  Recalls much of the universal pain, confusion,
	and embarrassing foolishness of first love.)
Swoon - 1991 (Gay - Drama: A reexamination of the infamous Leopold and Loeb
	murder case, focusing on their homosexuality and its relevance to
	their crime.)
That Certain Summer - 1973 (Gay - Drama: Made-for-TV movie about a father
	trying to establish a relationship with his son after leaving the boy's
	mother for another man.)
Tidy Endings - 1988 (Gay - Drama: Made-for-TV movie about the aftermath
	of a man dying of AIDS: his male lover and his ex-wife have to come
	to legal and emotional terms.)
Thundercrack - 1976 (GLBO - Comedy: A bizarre black comedy wherein the
	visitors to an "old dark house" are terrorized by a bunch of perverts
	who sexually assault them.)
Torch Song Trilogy - 1988 (Gay/Gay Transvestite - Comedy/Drama: Harvey
	Fierstein wrote and stars as a professional drag queen looking for
	love and respect all through the '70s in New York.)
A Very Natural Thing - 1973 (Gay - Drama: This film tries to explore gay
	male relationships first from the point of view of trying to maintain
	a monogamous relationship and when that fails, from the POV of having
	a lot of empty, meaningless sex.)
Victor, Victoria - 1982 (Gay - Comedy: Female to male cross-dressing is
	featured in this farce about a woman pretending to be a man
	pretending to be a woman in 1920s Paris, but there's male-to-female
	cross-dressing too.)

***** Gay-Centered Foreign Films *****

The Affairs of Love - 1990, Spain (Gay - Drama: The life of a gay man in
	the 1940s and the power of music are the intertwined themes of this
	film which follows the lives of three vaudeville performers; a gay
	man, a straight man, and a straight woman.)
Angel [Angelos] - 1982, Greece (Gay - Biographical Drama: This violent
	but moving account of a handsome young gay man accused of murder is
	based on a true story and contains explicit love scenes.)
Another Country - 1984, Great Britain (Gay - Biographical Drama:
	Romanticized version of the Guy Burgess and Donald MacLean story,
	in which homosexual love among upper-crust English schoolboys causes
	them to grow up to be notorious traitors to their country.)
Apartment Zero - 1989, Great Britain/Argentina (Gay/Bisexual - Drama:
	Politics, murder, and sexual repression ignite the screen when a gay
	cinema owner picks a mysterious stranger to be his roommate in Buenos
	Aires.  Lots of sexual tensions develop between the two, but the plot
	centers around the mystery of recent news headlines and the new
	tenant's relationship to them.)
Bad News Bachelors - 1990, Australia (Gay - Comedy/Drama: A gay man
	and his straight female friend trade stories (in flashbacks) of their
	romantic misadventures.  Cheerful.)
Behind Glass - 1981, Netherlands (Gay - Drama:  Two lovers from different
	backgrounds fight about class, money, education, and sex.)
The Best Way [La Meilleure Facon de Marcher, The Best Way to Walk] - 1982,
	France (Gay Transvestite - Drama: Butch athletic coach scorns the
	advances of the transvestite drama teacher, but an eventual con-
	frontation causes the jock to look at his own suppressed sexuality.)
Beyond Gravity - 1988, New Zealand (Gay - Drama: Flamboyant rebel Johnny
	meets shy glass technician Richard in this offbeat love story.)
Black and White [Noir et Blanc] - 1986, France (Gay - Drama: A shy
	accountant gradually enters into a bizarre sadomasochistic
	relationship with a black masseur.)
Blue Jeans - 1982, France (Gay - Drama: A young boy suffers from an
	unrequited love for an older teen.)
La Cage Aux Folles [Birds of a Feather] - 1981, France (Gay/Gay Trans-
	vestite - Comedy: Renato's son is bringing his fiance's conservative
	parents home to meet the family: Renato, his gay father, and Albin,
	Renato's lover, an aging female impersonator who raised the boy as
	"her" son.)
La Cage Aux Folles II - 1983, France (Gay/Gay Transvestite - Comedy:
	Renato sets out to prove to Albin that he still has sex appeal, and
	they accidentally get involved in espionage.)
La Cage Aux Folles III - 1985, France (Gay/Gay Transvestite - Comedy:
	Albin has to get married and father a son within 18 months if he is
	to inherit a family fortune and save his and Renato's nightclub.)
Caravaggio - 1986, Great Britain (Gay - Biographical Drama: Life and times
	of the famous Renaissance painter.)
Caught Looking - 1991, Great Britain (Gay - Comedy: A new virtual reality
	home computer game soon becomes a sex toy for use in gay men's
	stereotypical sexual fantasies.)
The Clinic - 1985, Australia (Gay - Comedy: A gay doctor at an Australian
	VD clinic has to cope with a lot of wild goings on.)
Colonel Redl - 1985, Hungary (Gay - Drama: The head of the Austrian
	imperial secret service gets outed as a homosexual and a spy.)
Coming Out - 1989, East Germany (Gay - Drama: The story of a young school
	teacher who is confronted with his sexuality after a chance encounter
	with an old friend.)
The Consequence - 1977, West Germany (Gay - Drama: The world is unkind
	to two gay lovers.)
Death in Venice [Morte a Venezia] - 1971, Italy (Gay - Drama:
	In turn-of-the-twentieth-century Venice, an aging artist falls
	obsessively in love with a beautiful young boy but never tells him,
	and ends up dead of cholera.)
The Deputy [El Diputado, Confessions of a Congressman] - 1983, Spain
	(Gay - Drama: A rising young gay politician is the target of
	blackmail, and gets romantically involved with the hustler his
	enemies send to do the job.)
Different from the Others [Anders als die Anderen] - 1919, Germany
	(Gay - Drama: A silent film about a concert violinist being
	blackmailed because of his sexual orientation.)
Dona Herlinda and Her Son [Dona Herlinda y Su Hijo] - 1985, Mexico
	(Gay/Bisexual - Comedy: A doctor has a male lover, but to please his
	mother, he marries a woman, and everyone ends up living happily
	together under one roof.)
Drifting - 1982, Israel (Gay - Drama: An aspiring Israeli filmmaker works
	in his grandmother's store while dreaming of making gay films.)
Dubbel Leven - 1978, West Germany (Transvestite - Drama: Events in the
	life of a young man, told mostly in flashback, as he and those
	around him slowly discover that he really wants to become a woman.)
Edward II - 1992, Great Britain (Gay - Historical Drama: Derek Jarman
	retells the story of Edward II and his despised low-born lover using
	Christopher Marlowe's language, sparse sets, and modern dress and
	imagery.)
Ernesto - 1983, Italy (Gay - Drama: A middle-class Italian Jewish teenager
	has an affair with a dock worker and then falls in love with a fellow
	violin student.)
The Flavor of Corn - 198?, Italy(?) (Gay - Drama: Gentle, compassionate
	story of a handsome young high-school teacher, who, in spite of  his
	best (and explicitly shown) attempts at a heterosexual relationship,
	helplessly drifts into an intense and emotionally devastating relation-
	ship with a 12 year old male student.)
Forbidden Passion: Oscar Wilde - 1976, Great Britain (Gay - Biography:
	The whole tragic story of the famous wit's life and ruinous love affair
	with Lord Alfred Douglas.)
Forever Mary - 1991, Italy (Gay Transvestite - Drama: A young gay reform
	school student teaches a straight teacher something about dignity.)
The Fourth Man [De Vierde Man] - 1983, Netherlands (Bisexual - Drama:
	A bisexual novelist finds out that the thrice-widowed hairdresser who
	seduces him is engaged to a fourth man, and together the  men
	discover her deadly secret.)
Fox and His Friends - 1975, West Germany (Gay - Drama: A working class
	gay man is victimized for both his sexual and social status.)
Friends Forever - 1986, Denmark (Gay - Drama: A charming, exuberant
	story of friendship and sexuality between three 16-year-old schoolboys.
	It's sexy, funny, and guiltless.)
A Hard God - 1980, Australia (Gay - Drama: A depressing made-for-Australian-
	TV movie wherein a working class Catholic family in Sydney endure tough
	times and misery in the 1940s.  In the middle of it all, the 16-year-old
	son tries to cope with falling in love with a male friend.)
The Heart Exposed - 1986, Canada (Gay - Drama: A middle-aged teacher starts
	a relationship with an actor fifteen years younger who also has a young
	son.)
The Hours and the Times - 1992, Great Britain (Gay - Biographical Drama:
	This is more or less a fantasy dealing with Beatle manager Brian
	Epstein's unrequited love for John Lennon, centering on a week-end
	they spent together in Barcelona.)
It Is Not the Homosexual Who Is Perverse But the Society in Which He Lives -
	1971, West Germany (Gay - Drama:  A gay man in the process of coming
	out examines all the options.  Political, dogmatic, and anti-bourgois,
	this film assails media-created romantic illusions, capitalist
	principles, and sexist role playing.)
The Last of England - 19??, Great Britain (Gay - Drama: A post-nuclear
	fantasy about England with many bootboys and other luscious types.)
Law of Desire - 1987, Spain (Gay/Transsexual - Comedy/Drama: Screwball
	tragicomedy centering on a gay film director, his transsexual brother
	[now a sister, who is played by a born-female actress], and two of his
	young lovers.)
Lawrence of Arabia - 1962, Great Britain  (Gay - Biographical Drama:
	Epic story of T. E. Lawrence, the flamboyant British officer who
	helped to weld together disparate Arab tribes and then led them in
	successful guerrilla warfare against the Turks who were allied with
	the Germans in WWI.  There isn't much overt gay content in this
	film -- Lawrence gets raped by a Turk, and he has a very chummy
	relationship with two Arab boys who attach themselves to him -- but
	historically, Lawrence is said to have been homosexual, and this
	film is a masterpiece, so here it is.)
The Leather Boys - 1964, Great Britain (Bisexual/Gay - Drama: Against his
	better judgment, a gay man marries a girl who is bored with her life.
	The marriage falls apart and the gay man goes to bed with a buddy
	whom he doesn't know is also gay.  Complications ensue.)
The Lost Language of Cranes - 1992, Great Britain (Gay - Drama: A properly
	reserved middle-class British family is thrown into turmoil when the
	son announces he's gay.  Mother doesn't want to know about it, and
	Father starts coming apart because he's been hiding his gay double-
	life for years, and the guilt and self-loathing finally catch up to
	him.  Adapted from David Leavitt's novel about an American family.)
A Man Like Eva [Ein Mann wie Eva] - 1983, Germany (Gay Transvestite:
	During the shooting of a Fassbinder movie, gender-bending star Eva
	ditches an ex-lover, marries the leading lady, and seduces the leading
	man.)
Maurice - 1987, Great Britain (Gay - Drama: Two upper-crust English boys
	are drawn to one another, but one insists on keeping the relationship
	platonic, while the other one wants someone he can go to bed with.)
My Beautiful Launderette - 1985, Great Britain (Gay - Drama: Race,
	social class, and sex are some of the issues that need to be dealt with
	when a British street punk and a young Pakistani entrepreneur fall
	in love.)
The Naked Civil Servant: The Autobiography of Quentin Crisp - 1975,
	Great Britain (Gay - Biography: Quentin Crisp is *way* ahead of his
	time when he outs himself in a era where ostracism and intolerance
	were rampant.)
Nighthawks - 1980, Great Britain (Gay - Drama: Realistic, gritty story
	about the day-to-day life of a gay school teacher who is eventually
	outed by his class.  Grim.)
Night Out - 1989, Australia (Gay - Drama: When Steve leaves town for a
	few days, his lover Tony decides to cruise the beach one night, and is
	brutalized by a gang of thugs.  The event triggers an examination of
	the couple's supposedly wonderful relationship.)
North of Vortex - 1991, Great Britain (Bisexual - Drama: A studied black
	and white road movie about a bisexual poet, two hitchhikers, and the
	American landscape.)
The Outcasts - 1986, Taiwan (Gay - Drama: An older photographer tries to
	make a home for a group of gay teens who've been abandoned by their
	families because of their sexual orientation.)
Outrageous! - 1977, Canada (Transvestite Drag - Comedy/Drama: A gay
	hairdresser has an interesting relationship with a schizophrenic girl
	on his way to stardom as a drag queen who does impressions of all the
	usual gay icons.)
Pink Ulysses - 1989, The Netherlands (Gay - Drama: The inner struggle of
	"pink Ulysses" is entwined with a loose adaption of The Odyssey in
	this sensual film featuring footage from a 1950s bodybuilding show,
	Eisenstein, and a TV version of "Sleeping Beauty" by the Dutch
	National Ballet.)
Prick Up Your Ears - 1987, Great Britain (Gay - Biographical Drama: The
	life and death of playwright Joe Orton, who was murdered by his lover
	at the height of his fame.)
Privates on Parade - 1982, Great Britain (Gay Transvestites - Comedy:
	The bitterly satirical adventures of a theatrical troop of drag
	queens during wartime.)
Querelle - 1982, West Germany/France (Gay - Querelle is a devastatingly
	handsome gay sailor who is also a cold-hearted killer.)
Relax - 1991, Great Britain (Gay - A remarkably electric, imaginative,
	and intense short film in which Steve, a young gay man, explores
	his feelings leading up to  the result of an HIV test.)
Salome's Last Dance - 1988, Great Britain (Gay - Drama: A Ken Russell
	extravaganza, wherein Oscar Wilde is invited to a bordello to view
	a wildly decadent version of his banned play "Salome".)
Salo, or the 120 Days of Sodom - 1975, Italy (Gay S&M - Drama: Pasolini's
	last film before his murder is powerfully anti-Fascist.  During WWII,
	a group of powerful Fascists play S&M games with a group of young
	people, culminating in murder.)
Salut Victor! - 1988, Canada (Gay - Drama:  Two elderly gay men who are
	complete opposites befriend one another in an old age home.)
Sebastian [Sebastiane] - 1977, Great Britain (Gay - Biographical Drama:
	The story of St. Sebastian, who was sent to be outreaches of the
	Roman Empire after objecting to the murder of a young Christian
	page.  There he carries on an affair with his commanding officer,
	whereupon he is brutally murdered by his fellow soldiers.)
Staircase - 1969, Great Britain (Gay - Drama: Rex Harrison and Richard
	Burton are a couple of gay barbers trying to adjust to the onset of
	old age, but they are both just walking stereotypes.)
The Summer of Miss Forbes - 1988, Spain (Gay - Drama: A made-for-Spanish-
	Television movie about a frustrated and slightly unhinged teutonic
	governess with a passion for Greek Tragedies and alcohol who is hired
	to mind two children at a beach house for six weeks.  She becomes
	obsessed with Achilles,  a beach boy reminiscent of a Greek God,
	adopted by the family; then goes bananas when she eventually discovers
	that he is gay.  Not for those who like happy endings.)
Sunday, Bloody Sunday - 1971, Great Britain (Bisexual/Gay - Drama:
	A bisexual man carries on an affair with a woman and man at the same
	time, and claims to love them both.)
Taxi zum Klo [Taxi to the Toilet] - 1981, West Germany (Gay - Dramatic
	Autobiography: Escapades of a gay man who wants as much sex as he
	can get, while his lover just wants them both to stay home.)
Taxi to Cairo - 1987, West Germany (Gay - Comedy: Our hero stages a
	marriage to a woman to remain in his mother's will, but he and his
	bride fall in love with the same man.)
This Special Friendship [Les Amities Particuliers] - 1964, France (Gay -
	Drama: A relationship between an older boy and a younger boy at a
	strict Catholic boy's school ends in disaster when the priests keep
	voicing their disapproval with heavy-handed tactics.)
Together Alone - 1991, Canada (Gay - Drama:  Brian and Bryan talk after
	sex, about honesty, safety, sexuality, fidelity, power, companionship
	and more.)
Too Outrageous! - 1987, Canada (Gay Transvestite - Comedy/Drama: Sequel
	to "Outrageous!".)
To Play or Die - 1991, Netherlands (Gay - Drama: An introverted schoolboy,
	bullied by his handsome schoolmates, invites the ringleader home
	with plans of revenge, but the other boy gets the upper hand.)
Two of Us - 1986, Great Britain (Gay - Drama: Made-for-British-TV show
	about two working class teens who become lovers.)
Un Chant D'Amour - 1950, France (Gay - Drama: Jean Genet's only film -
	a notorious fantasy set in a French prison.)
Via Appia - 1992, Germany (Gay - Drama: A Lufthansa steward goes to Rio
	de Janeiro, trying to find a hustler named Mario who purposefully
	infected him with the AIDS virus during a one-night stand and left
	behind the message, "Welcome to the AIDS club.")
Victim! - 1961, Great Britain (Gay - Drama: A respected barrister gets
	involved with a lonely young drifter and is forced to confront his
	own homosexuality.)
A Virus Knows No Morals - 1986, West Germany (Gay - Comedy: A gay
	bathhouse owner finds AIDS a drag on business in this funny, campy
	satire on society's attitudes toward homosexuals and AIDS.)
You Are Not Alone [Du Er Ikke Alene] - 1982, Denmark (Gay - Drama:
	Coming of age love story about two adolescent boys in a boys' school.)
Westler: East of the Wall - 1986, Germany (Gay - Drama: A West Berlin boy
	falls in love with an East Berlin boy on a day trip.  The border
	guards start getting suspicious when the West Berliner starts making
	frequent trips, and the boys plan an escape for the East Berliner.)
We Think The World of You - 1988, Great Britain (Gay/Bisexual - Drama:
	In the 1950s, an uptight Londoner is pushed around by his bisexual
	lover's family and wife.)
We Were One Man [Nous Etions un Seul Homme] - 1978, France (Gay -
	Drama: In occupied France during WWII, an escaped mental patient
	nurses a wounded German soldier back to health and they have a highly
	erotic love affair.)
Where the Sun Beats Down - 1989, Portugal (Gay - Drama: A haunting
	film of a young man determined to break the sexual and class taboos
	of his culture, modern day Portugal.  Nuno returns from the city to
	his sister's farm where a relationship develops between him and
	Alberto, a young farm worker, which threatens the stability of
	Nuno's snobbish family.)
Wonderland [The Fruit Machine] - 1988, Great Britain (Gay - Drama: The
	surrealistic adventures of two gay working class teens.)
The Wounded Man [L'Homme Blesse] - 1985, France (Gay - Drama:
	A teenage boy stops an attack in a toilet, gets passionately kissed
	by the attacker, finds he is drawn to homosexual sex, and becomes
	infatuated with a sociopathic hustler.)

***** Lesbian-Centered Domestic Films *****

Because the Dawn - 1988 (Lesbian - Drama: An alluring, upbeat, modern
	day vampire musical comedy set to swing tunes.  Sax-playing Vampire
	Marie seduces sports photographer Ariel from behind the camera.)
Becoming Colette - 1992 (Bisexual - Drama: In the process of becoming a
	writer, the young Sidonie Colette endures the coldness of her
	philandering husband and eventually enters into a menage a trois
	with him and his mistress.)
Born in Flames - 1983 (Lesbian - Drama: After the a socialist revolution
	goes sour, a diverse group of women unite to spread the truth about
	the government.)
A Certain Grace - 1992 (Lesbian - Drama: Zelda and Alice are working
	together on a photography project, and as their relationship
	develops, Zelda's boyfriend starts to think the women are spending
	too much time together.)
Claire of the Moon - 1992 (Lesbian - Drama:  Claire, an irreverent
	humorist given to one-night stands with men discovers the emotional
	fulfillment she has been seeking when she and a controversial, openly
	lesbian psychologist are thrown together at a picturesque beachside
	writer's retreat.)
Desert Hearts - 1985 (Lesbian - Drama: An English professor goes to Reno
	to get a divorce, and falls in love with a young woman who works at a
	dude ranch.)
Desperate Living - 1977 (Lesbian - Drama: John Waters's most outrageous
	movie ever, in which a housewife and her maid enter the fictitious
	kingdom of Mortville after the woman kills her husband.  Enough
	blood, guts, and camp acting/dialogue to make it a cult favorite.)
The Fox - 1968 (Lesbian/Bisexual - Drama: Two women running a remote
	chicken farm in Canada are lovers until a man comes along; then one
	of them discovers heterosexuality, and the other ends up dead.)
Fried Green Tomatoes - 1991 (Lesbian - Comedy/Drama: Some may quibble
	about whether or not Idgie and Ruth count as lesbians, since it is
	never spelled out, but *we* know, don't we?  Straight, middle-aged,
	middle class frump Evelyn Couch gets lessons in personal liberation
	from elderly Ninny Threadgoode, who tells her the story of Idgie's
	and Ruth's unconventional friendship.)
Illusions - 1982 (Lesbian - Drama: A black woman who passed as white in
	Hollywood during the 1940s has a relationship with a black woman
	singer who provides the voice for a white movie star.)
The Killing of Sister George - 1968 (Lesbian - Drama: An aging lesbian
	actress loses everything, including her young lover, when the character
	she plays on a BBC soap opera gets killed off.)
Lesbionage - 1988 (Lesbian - Drama: Two detectives who are also lovers
	investigate a blackmail plot against a lesbian congresswoman.)
Lianna - 1983 (Lesbian - Drama:  A young mother falls in love with her
	psychology professor and slowly comes to terms with her sexuality
	and independence.)
Long Awaited Pleasure - 1987 (Lesbian - Comedy/Drama: Two lesbians leave
	their emotional baggage behind and start over.)
Love Game - 1990 (Lesbian - Comedy: A famous lesbian tennis player meets
	a girl she wants to get to know.)
My Father is Coming - 1991, USA/Germany (Lesbian/Gay - Comedy:
	A lesbian living in New York has to prepare for her father's sudden
	arrival from Germany with the help of her gay male friend.)
Out of Our Time - 1989 (Lesbian - Drama: This film contrasts the personal
	choices, experiences, and desires of a contemporary lesbian couple
	named Valeri and Marilyn with those of Valeri's grandmother in the
	1930s.)
Personal Best - 1982 (Lesbian/Bisexual - Drama: Two female jocks training
	for the Olympics fall in love and have an affair, but at least for one,
	lesbianism is just a phase she's going through.)
A Question of Love - 1978 (Lesbian - Drama: A made-for-TV movie about
	a lesbian mother's fight for custody of her son.  Her homophobic
	ex-husband drags her through the mud and the courts.)
She Likes Girls - 1992 (Lesbian - Comedy: A few days in the life of a
	young New York lesbian - without a cliche in sight!)
She Must Be Seeing Things - 1987 (Lesbian - Drama: A lawyer and a film-
	maker are lovers, and while the lawyer has a jealous fit over the
	filmmaker's diaries, which describe her past exploits with male
	lovers, the movie juxtaposes scenes from the filmmaker's film, which
	is about a nun fighting sexual repression in a 17th century convent.)
Two in Twenty: A Lesbian Soap Opera - 1988 (Lesbian - Comedy:
	A 5-part lesbian soap opera which focuses on the day-to-day problems
	of two lesbian households.  Includes satirical commercials with a
	lesbian/feminist slant and outtakes.)
Vegas in Space - 1991 (Lesbian - Musical Comedy: The four-man crew of
	the U.S.S. Intercourse races on a secret mission to the planet
	Clitoris, a 23rd-century all-female pleasure planet where men are
	forbidden to touch down.  Ordered by the Empress of Earth to swallow
	gender-reversal pills, the spacemen swap their sexes to go undercover
	as 20th-century showgirls and are propelled into a dizzying caper
	to capture the perpetrator of a heinous crime that has hurled the
	orbiting resort on its path to doom.)
Waiting for the Moon - 1983 (Lesbian - Biography: Beautifully filmed but
	emotionally uninvolving exploration of the relationship between
	Gertrude Stein and Alice B. Toklas.)
Waking Up: A Love Story - 1988 (Lesbian - Drama: A young woman gets a
	taste of lesbian love and soon becomes the town's number one lesbian.)
The War Widow - 1976 (Lesbian - Drama: Made-for-TV movie about a woman
	who falls in love with another woman while her husband is off fighting
	WWI.  When he returns, she has to decide whether or not to leave
	him and her child to be with her lover.)

***** Lesbian-Centered Foreign Films *****

Anna und Elisabeth - 1933, Germany (Lesbian - Drama:  A peasant girl's
	touch heals the paralysis of the lady of the manor, and the lady soon
	discovers that she can't live without the girl.)
Anna und Edith - 1975, West Germany (Lesbian - Drama: Made-for-German-
	TV movie about two clerical workers who fall in love while trying to
	get better working conditions.)
Anne Trister - 1986, Canada (Lesbian - Drama: An Israeli artist goes to
	Montreal, stays with a psychologist friend, and falls in love with
	her.)
Another Way [Egymasra Nezve] - 1982, Hungary (Lesbian - Drama:  Two
	journalists fall in love against the backdrop of the 1956 Hungarian
	uprising.)
The Banker [La Banquiere] - 1980, France (Lesbian - Drama: The rise and
	fall of a masculine self-made bank president in the 1920s in Paris.)
The Bitter Tears of Petra von Kant [Die Bitteren Tranen der Petra von
	Kant] - 1972, West Germany (Lesbian - Drama: A decadent fashion
	designer plays the dominant role in a sado-masochistic relationship
	with one of her employees, but she meets someone who turns the tables
	on her.)
By Design  - 1981, Canada (Lesbian - Comedy:  A lesbian couple who decide
	to have a baby "the old-fashioned way" encounter humorous obstacles.)
Can't You Take a Joke? - 1989, Australia (Lesbian - Comedy: A woman
	cartoonist, with the help of pet character Lady Dick, sets about
	recovering her mysterious female client's lost sense of humor.)
Celine and Julie Go Boating [Celine et Julie en Bateau] - 1974, France
	(Lesbian - Drama: A magician and a librarian meet in Montmartre.)
Daughters of Darkness [La Rouge aux Levres, Blud an den Lippen,
	Bloed and de Lippen] - 1970, Belgium, West Germany, France
	(Lesbian - Horror: Campy cult lesbian horror film which features
	a lesbian vampire as its most sympathetic character and makes
	heterosexuality seem abnormal.)
Depart to Arrive [Weggehen um Anzukommen] - 1981, West Germany
	(Lesbian - Drama: The story of the separation of a photographer and
	a journalist from the photographer's point of view.)
Domestic Bliss - 1984, Great Britain (Lesbian - Comedy: Made-for-British-TV
	soap opera about a lesbian couple and their chaotic adventures.)
Entre Nous [Between Us, Coup de Foudre] - 1983, France (Lesbian - Drama:
	In 1950s Lyons, France, two married women meet, develop a friendship,
	and leave their husbands for one another.)
Erika's Passions [Erikas Leidenschaften] - 1978, West Germany (Lesbian -
	Drama: A butch lesbian and her femme lover are accidentally locked
	in a room together after a long separation and are forced to confront
	each other's differences and complaints.)
The Farewell [Jaahyvaiset] - 1982, Finland-Sweden (Lesbian - Drama: In the
	1930s, a young Finnish woman defies her tyrannical father to have a
	relationship with a young German woman.)
Flaming Ears - 1992, Austria (Lesbian - Drama: A fragmented and bizarre
	tale of lust, jealousy, and revenge among three lesbians in the far,
	far future.  Technically innovative, staking out a new lesbian
	aesthetic for the 90s.)
La Fuga - 1967, Italy (Lesbian - Drama: Well-to-do wife finds fulfillment
	with a lesbian interior decorator.)
Full Moon in New York - 1989, Hong Kong (Lesbian - Drama:
	Three Chinese women immigrants in New York, one from mainland
	China, one a Taiwanese actress, and one a successful entrepreneur and
	restaurateur from Hong Kong.  The film can be taken as a symbol
	of the struggles of the three Chinas to come together.)
The Getting of Wisdom - 1977, Australia (Lesbian - Drama:  A gifted young
	pianist becomes inseparable with a classmate in an oppressive finishing
	school in turn-of-the-century Melbourne, Australia.)
Girls in Uniform [Madchen in Uniform] - 1931, Germany (Lesbian - Drama:
	Considered by many to be the first radical lesbian-feminist film, in
	which a student at a repressive authoritarian Prussian boarding school
	finds comfort only in the companionship of a sympathetic teacher.  It
	was remade in 1958 in English.  See the original German version.)
The Gold Diggers - 1983, Great Britain (Lesbian - Drama: An actress and
	a mysterious woman on horseback come together while searching for
	social roots.)
In This House of Brede - 1975, Great Britain (Lesbian - Drama: A young
	nun gets a crush on older one who wants to reciprocate but cannot.)
I've Heard The Mermaids Singing - 1987, Canada (Lesbian - Comedy: An
	"organizationally-impaired person Friday falls in love with her
	boss, the sophisticated Curator of an art gallery.)
I, You, He, She [Je, Tu, Il, Elle] - 1974, Belgium (Lesbian - Drama:
	Conflict- ridden relationship between a woman and her lover and a
	strange man.  Features an 18-minute love scene between the two
	women.)
Johanna, D'Arc of Mongolia - 1988, West Germany (Lesbian - Adventure:
	Our heroine is invited on a trip by an affluent older woman.  They
	travel to Mongolia where they are kidnaped by Mongolian Amazons,
	and the adventure begins.)
The Life that We Dreamt [Het Leven dat we Droomden] - 1981, Belgium
	(Lesbian - Drama: Two women fall in love with the same man, but
	soon discover that they love each other.)
Madame X - Eine Absolut Herrscherin - 1977, West Germany (Lesbian -
	Drama: Women cannot resist the pirate Madame X, and board her ship
	in quest of gold, love, and adventure.)
Mano Destra - 1985-86, West Germany (Lesbian - Drama: A relentless
	physiological experience of cinematic bondage and sensory
	manipulation.  A European lesbian cult classic, *this* is S&M
	cinema.)
Miss A and Miss M - 1987, Great Britain (Lesbian - Drama: A young girl
	slowly becomes aware of the true nature of the relationship between
	two school teachers.)
Night Visions - 1989, Canada (Lesbian - Drama: Racism and homophobia
	are explored in two overlapping stories, one about a Native American
	single mother fighting social welfare authorities and her white
	ex-husband for custody of her daughter, the other about a lesbian
	photographer whose erotic photographs have been seized by the
	police.)
Nocturne - 1990, Great Britain (Lesbian - Drama: Joy Chamberlain's
	film of a woman who returns home for her mother's funeral and
	meets memories which are the key both to her self-repression
	and her desire.)
November Moon [Novembermond] - 1985, West Germany (Lesbian - Drama:
	During WWII in France, a Frenchwoman hides her lover, a German Jew,
	from the Nazis.)
Olivia [Pit of Loneliness] - 1951, France (Lesbian -Drama: Set in the
	latter half of the 1800s, an English schoolgirl falls deeply in
	love with one of her headmistresses in the French boarding school
	she attends.)
On Guard - 1983, Australia (Lesbian - Drama: An aerobics instructor, a
	disillusioned nurse and two other lesbians conspire to sabotage a
	reproductive engineering facility and alert the media to a Brave New
	World bioproduction line.  A heist movie which incorporates frank
	portrayal of the characters' domestic and sexual, personal and
	political struggles.)
Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit - 1989, Great Britain (Lesbian - Drama:
	Coming of age story about a young woman who's been raised by a
	strict evangelical mother.)
Pepi, Luci, Bom - 1992, Spain (Lesbian - Drama: An angry lesbian declares
	war on the Madrid police.)
Richard's Things - 1980, Great Britain (Lesbian- Drama: Made-for-British-TV
	movie about a dead businessman's widow and mistress, who go from
	open hostility to falling in love with each other.)
Salmonberries - 1991, Canada (Lesbian - Drama: A woman searches for
	meaning in her life and makes contact with another woman in the bleak
	North.)
Simone - 1984, France (Lesbian - Drama:  Simone, a mysterious stranger,
	enters the life of Francoise, a suicidal woman, and the two explore
	their fantasies.)
Therese and Isabelle - 1968, United States-West Germany-France (Lesbian -
	Drama: A woman reminisces about a love affair she had with a girl
	in boarding school.)
To Forget Venice [Dimenticare Venezia] - 1979, Italy (Lesbian/Gay - Drama:
	In 1920s Italy, Anna and Claudia live in the country with Anna's Aunt
	Marta.  Anna and Claudia have become bored with each other, but one
	day Aunt Marta's brother Nicky shows up with his young lover Picchio,
	and things start to change.)
Twice a Woman - 1985, Great Britain (Lesbian - Drama: A man becomes
	obsessed with the young female lover of his ex-wife.)
The Twin Bracelets - 1990, Hong Kong,Taiwan (Lesbian - Drama: A young
	woman in an oppressive Chinese fishing village seeks love and escape
	in the arms of her childhood girlfriend against a backdrop of customs
	and mores that treat women as property with no human rights.)
Vera - 1987, Brazil (Lesbian - Drama: A young woman believes she is a man
	trapped in a woman's body in this intense investigation of sex roles.)
The Virgin Machine - 1988, West Germany (Lesbian - Drama: A naive German
	journalist searches for love in San Francisco's lesbian underground.)
Wild Flowers - 1989, Great Britain (Lesbian - Drama: Two women discover
	love for each other in a fairly repressed corner of Scotland.
A Woman in Transit [La Femme de l'Hotel] - 1984, Canada (Lesbian - Drama:
	A director and her leading lady search for someone to play the central
	figure in their movie and find her in the hotel where they are all
	staying.)
A Woman Like Eve [Een Vrouw als Eva] 1979, Netherlands (Lesbian - Drama:
	On vacation in France, a married Dutch woman falls in love with a
	French lesbian.  When she attempts to divorce her husband, a bitter
	custody battle ensues.)

***** Directory of GLBO Film and Video Distributors *****

Back Porch Productions              Cambridge Documentary Films
113 E. Whiteman St.                 P.O. Box 385
Yellow Springs, OH 45387            Cambridge, MA 02139
                                    (617) 354-3677

Charis Video                        Cinema Guild
P.O. Box 797                        1697 Broadway, Suite 802
Brooklyn, NY 11231                  New York, NY 10019
(718) 855-4458                      (212) 246-5522
(Many Lesbian Videos)

Cinevista                           Direct Cinema Ltd.
353 W. 39th St.                     P.O. Box 69799
New York, NY 10018                  Los Angeles, CA 90069
(212) 947-4373                      (213) 652-8000

Exportfilm Bischoof & Co.           Facets Multimedia, Inc.
Isabellastrasse 20                  1517 West Fullerton Ave.
D-8000 Munich 40, West Germany      Chicago, IL 60614
                                    (800) 331-6297, (312) 281-9075 in IL

Filmmakers Library                  First Run Features
124 East 40th, #901
New York, NY 10025
(212) 355-6545                      (800) 229-8575

Frameline                           Insider Video Club
P.O. Box 14792                      P.O. Box 93399
San Francisco, CA 94114             Hollywood, CA 90093
(415) 861-5245                      (800) 634-2242

International Film Exchange         Ishtar Films (West Coast)
201 W. 52nd St.                     6253 Hollywood Blvd., Suite 623
New York, NY 10019                  Hollywood, CA 90028
(212) 582-4318                      (213) 461-1560

Ishtar Films (East Coast)           Kartes Video Communications
P.O. Box 51                         P.O. Box 68881, 7225 Woodland Dr.
Patterson, NY 12563                 Indianapolis, IN 46278
(914) 878-3561                      (800) 582-2000, (317) 297-1888

Ladyslipper                         Lambda Rising
P.O. Box 3130                       1625 Connecticut Ave., NW
Durham, NC 27705                    Washington, DC 20009-1013
(919) 683-1570                      (202) 462-6969

Maya Vision                         Moonforce Media
43 New Oxford St.                   P.O. Box 2934
London, WC1 A1BH, England           Washington, DC 20012
                                    ATTN: Joan Biren
                                    (202) 526-0049

Moonlight Productions               New Yorker Films
2243 Old Middlefield Way            16 W. 61st St.
Mountain View, CA 94043             New York, NY 10023
(415) 948-0199                      (212) 247-6110

Polyglot Productions                Pop Video
136 Brattle St.                     P.O. Box 60862
Cambridge, MA 02138                 Washington, DC 20039
(617) 491-3541                      (202) 726-1650

La Reseau Vide-Elle                 Tapestry Productions
4013 Rue des Erables                924 Broadway
Montreal, Quebec H2K 3V7, Canada    New York, NY 10010
(514) 525-8456                      (212) 677-6007

Third World Newsreel                Water Bearer Films
335 W. 38th St., 5th Floor          205 West End Avenue, Suite 24H
New York, NY 10018                  New York, New York 10023

Winds of Change Productions         Wolfe Video
12 Grove Ave.                       P.O. Box 64
Toronto, Ontario M6J 3B6, Canada    New Almaden, CA 95042
                                    (408) 268-6782

Womankind Books, Inc.               Women in Focus
5 Kivy St.                          849 Beatty St.
Huntington Station, NY 11746        Vancouver, BC V6B 2M6 Canada
(800) 648-5333, (516) 427-1289      (604) 682-5848

Women Make Movies, Inc.             Yoyo Film, Video & Theatre Productions
225 Lafayette St., #212             108 Grove Park
New York, NY 10012                  London SE5, England
(212) 925-0606

Please note that I have arbitrarily established a 30-minute minimum length
requirement for films to be included on this list.  There are literally
hundreds of film shorts from 1 minute in length to 29 minutes in length
which do not appear on this list, although if a film is, say, 25 minutes
long it just might find its way onto the list.  Many, if not all, of the
distributors above will provide you with a catalog of their films, including
film shorts.

For more information regarding these and other GLBO-centered materials,
notably books, periodicals, music, and some film shorts get yourself a copy
of this outstanding reference book:

Gay and Lesbian Library Service
edited by Cal Gough and Ellen Greenblatt
MacFarland and Company, Inc., Publishers

Many thanks to Ellen Greenblatt for giving me access to the film lists from
this excellent resource book.

Another book I used to compile this list is "The Celluloid Closet",
by Vito Russo.  Russo's book is mostly about Hollywood's mistreatment of
gay characters in films, but by the last chapter, films featuring accurate,
sensitive, or at least interesting portrayals start showing up with more
regularity.

Thanks for the contributions from Sim David Aberson, Hector Bellmann,
Ron Buckmire, Mary Cardenas, Thomas Carlin, Vince Cavasin, David Peter
Coster, Jeff Dauber, Mike Drayton, James Drew, Michael Dunn, David
Edelsohn, Michelle Elliott, William Tsun-Yuk Hsu, Curtis Johnson, Tracey
McCartney, Robert Marshall, Bret Marquis, Valerie Mead, Steve Misek, Tim
Pierce, Jeff Shaumeyer, Glenn Slayden, Mike Shepherd, Tane' Tachyon, Max
Meredith Vasilatos, and David Wyatt.

Thanks for e-mailing any GLBO-centered films that you don't find on this
list, folks, and don't forget to sign your name to your letters so that I
can acknowledge your contribution.)

Frank Swilling
Minotaur@cup.portal.com
