MOVIE GOOFS LIST Version 3.1 (January 1992)
A collection of film flubs, cinematic slip-ups, movie mistakes,
Hollywood howlers, etc etc. 
Compiled by Murray Chapman and Michael Gaines (meg5184@hertz.njit.edu)
Found by the users of USENET.

------------------------------------------------------------------
Please send your contributions/corrections/donations/suggestions to 
meg5184@hertz.njit.edu Please DO NOT POST to the net, as I may not see 
your posting, and it bugs the people who are not interested in this 
rubbish.

Contributions should be in the following (*NEW*) format:

# Movie Title
-blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
 blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
-blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
 blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah

Notes:
-Visible boom mikes aren't really goofs unless they are appear in some
 unexpected way (eg reflection, hit actor on the head).

-I prefer goof reports which are short, specific, and about new or very
 well-known movies. Picking faults in B-Grades isn't very sporting!

-There are two version of movies out there: Letterboxed and pan and
 scan. I get goofs that are in the cropped version and not in the
 letterboxed versions. Because of this, I will NOT post goofs that are
 the cause of the movie being cropped for videotape, but I will note
 flubs that can only be seen in letterboxed versions. Also, some movies
 are filmed in the same aspect ratio as a television screen with 'safe
 areas' masked off which are not intended to be seen in the theater.
 When shown on video, the safe area is opened up which accounts for boom
 mikes, wires and scaffolding seen in some movies. These 'safe area'
 goofs will be listed, but noted as such.

-I post the list every month or so to rec.arts.movies. It is availble for
 anonymous FTP at boulder.colorado.edu as /pub/tv+movies/lists/goofs.list
 There is no mailing list.

-Spelling mistakes will be displayed in their full majesty to
 hundreds of net readers.

-If the list gets too long, I may edit out some of the boring goofs.

-A book released on this topic is "Film Flubs: Memorable Movie Mistakes" 
 by Bill Given. It includes many of the goofs collected here (coincidence?)
 and has some nice movie stills.

-New goofs will be posted in the differences list. If I get enough
 complaints that the goof may be some bad editing job, or that the
 person who wrote the goof may be some sort of  loony, then it will
 be deleted after one month. If nobody bothers to complain, it becomes
 a permanent part of the following update.

-Mac Users: I have created a Microsoft Word version of the list.
 Although I haven't updated it for version 3.0, if you're interested,
 leave e-mail.

-Please remeber that this is the movie GOOFS list and not the movie
 GRIPES list. I will not put entries into the list based on people's
 opinions of what something SHOULD be in terms of wallpaper color,
 accents, etc.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
			T H E   G O O F S   L I S T
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

# About last night
-On new years eve, before dan and debbie decide to go out,
 they are having a modest dinner with shrimp-looking-things on
 the plates.  As the camera angles change, dan's food is eaten and
 uneaten a couple of times.
-When litco is giving dan his first delivery of stolen
 (100% off) restaurant supplies in dan's brand new CITY DINER,
 the clock dances wildly in the background as the views change.
 
# The Abyss
-When Bud brings Lindsey back to the rig after she drowns, she is pulled out 
 of the water by the rest of the crew. They clear her hair out of her face. 
 In the next scene Hippy puts a tube into her mouth and her hair is back on 
 her face again. It's off her face again in the next scene.
 
# Aliens
-In the battle scene between Ripley and the mother alien where Ripley is in
 the loader, we see the alien pull the loader into the airlock when Ripley
 tries to drop it.  The loader is turned upside down and the cone on top with
 the spinning yellow caution light is broken when it slams into the floor.  In
 the next scene, however, we see the loader lying on the floor of the airlock
 with the yellow cone still in one piece.  Also, the sharp end of the alien
 tails seems to be missing, as if it broke off, but the broken part isn't on
 the airlock floor.
-When Bishop gets it from the mother alien, you can see the string
 pulling the stinger through the dummy.

# Anatomy of a Murder
-Lee Remick has a skirt when she gets up to leave a cafe. By
 the time she gets outside, she's wearing slacks.

# Annie Hall
-In the cabin bedroom scene, a boom mike pop in from the SIDE.
 
# Awakenings 
-There is one scene near the beginning where Robin Williams gets in his car
 and talks to his nurse, who is outside the car.  When you look into
 the car from the outside, the car window is not quite rolled down,
 and when you look out from the car, the car window is completely rolled down.
-When Lucy stops walking because the pattern of tiles on the floor changes,
 her feet change position when the camera cuts to a different shot.

# Baby Boom
-When Diane Keaton has moved out to her new house and is talking to
 her plumber - if you watch the door of the plumber's van during their
 conversation, first he closes it, but in a following shot it is open again.
 
# Back to the Future
-When the Libyan terrorists are chasing Marty around the mall parking lot, 
 look at Marty's speedometer. The odometer jumps about 200 miles between 
 consecutive shots.
-Same scene: Marty shifts into second gear twice.
-This one takes place really quick, but when Biff et al.
 are chasing Marty (on the "skateboard") their car changes between two
 different models.  Watch the headlights!!!  The cutting is rapid and it is
 difficult to catch this, even when you're looking for it.
-Right after Marty returns to 1985, the yellow readout (the one that shows
 when you just left) should read 'November 12, 1955'. Instead, you can see that
 it says 'October', which is the month in 1985.
 
# Backdraft
-When the man in the theatre drops his keys, they are at least 18 inches from
 the door.  In the next shot, they are about two inches from the door.
-When 'Shadow' (Robert De Niro) gets blown off of a porch, along with
 two other people, you can clearly see him land on a stunt mat off to the
 left.  After the next camera cut, we find that the blast actually forced
 him onto a spiked fence (which goes through his shoulder).  Interesting
 transition...
 
# Bagdad Cafe
-As Jasmine is walking along the deserted road, the shadow of the camera 
 and crew in the back of a pickup truck is quite visible. I think this is 
 intentional, though, as the cinematographer credit is up during the shot.
 
# Barton Fink
-when the producer is wearing his uniform, some scenes show the bottom row of
 medal strips hanging down while others show it straight.
 
# Batman
-The name of the museum is spelled differently on the outside
 and inside of the building.
-In the scene in which Jack Nicholson and his gang deface 
 a collection of of paintings, one canvas has pink handprints
 on it in one shot but not in a later shot.
-When the joker send a ballon downtown that release a toxic gas, Vicki
 is in a car, everybody outside dies, and she drives away, in a shot
 from the back left of the car when she drives off, we see the
 rear-left window open...
 
# The Battle of Midway
-The same Forestal-class carrier (60's vintage, with slant decks and full 
 radar suites) is used as the "Hiryu" and "Soryu", one of which is simply 
 the same film turned left-to-right, including the backwards hull number 
 painted on the flight deck.
 
# Better Off Dead
-During the scene of the final ski race down the K-12, when the paper boy 
 is chasing Lane, there is an obvious camera on skis in the bottom of the 
 shot. I know the skis and the reflection of the camera gear is visible, 
 and I think the camera pops in for a minute, too!
 
# Beverly Hills Cop 
-The more I watch it, the more goofs I find.
 Remember the scene where Axel goes to Victor Matlin's office and meets
 him for the first time? After a brief conversation, Victor presses a
 button to summon his goon squad. They come in to forcibly remove Axel.
 Victor's head goon is a thin man with straight hair and glasses. As
 the goon squad enters, you see a shot of them looking from Victor's
 desk. In this shot, the head goon has his suit jacket buttoned. They
 grab Axel, and you see a shot from the door as they carry him out. The
 head goon turns around and starts to lead them out. As he does he buttons
 his jacket.
 
# Beverly Hills Cop II 
-There is a scene where Rosewood is driving a large, but slow,
 truck(?) and chasing the bad guys.  Eddie Murphy catches 
 hold of the door, jumps onto the truck, and gets into the cab.  
 Meanwhile, his gun, which he stuck in the back of
 his jeans (in the small of his back) can clearly be seen falling out
 and into the road.  A little while later he naturally produces this
 gun and starts shooting.
 
# Big
-When Tom Hanks' character is about to return home, the girl's hand moves
 from his cheek to his chin and back to his cheek in subsequent shots.
 
# The Big Easy
-In the scene after "Big Daddy" (?) is killed, the position of Ellen 
 Barkin's pearl necklace changes depending on whether she is seen from 
 the front or the side.
 
# Bird on a Wire
-In the scene where Mel and Goldie are on the ferry to Wisconsin, they leave
 from Detroit (apparently the ferry goes over Michigan!)
 
# The Black Hole
-The space travellers describe their mission as being to find
 "inhabitable life" in the universe, as though we are a race of fleas, looking
 for a new dog. They really do say it.
 
# Blade Runner
-When we first see Roy Batty, he's in a phone box. There's someone's hand on
 his shoulder even though he's clearly the only person in the phone box.
 (Bob N. sez: "That's Tyrell's hand.  The shot is from them sitting on
 his bed near the end of the film, reversed left to right".)
-In the very first shot of Batty, we see his hand clenching up. If you look
 carefully as he turns his hand just before the shot changes, you can see
 the nail sticking through the back of his hand. He doesn't actually insert
 that nail until about an hour later in the film.
-When Leon throws Deckard into the car window -- the window was already
 broken before Deckard hit it. Not necessarily a goof, but could be.
-Yet another `spot the stuntman'. When Zhora goes crashing through those
 plate-glass windows, the stunt double looks NOTHING like the actress.
 While the actress has wavy reddish hair, the stunt double has this very
 curly dark hair. Oops!
-For the scene of the skimmer taking off, the support cables are quite
 visible.
-In the Deckard/Batty confrontation, after Deckard has been given
 his gun back, and stalk off, you can see (in letterboxed versions) the
 shadow of the camera man and camera on the wall.
 
# Blowout
-In the scene where John Travolta crashes through the police barracade
 to drive straight through Philly's City Hall they accidentally show the
 film crew in an overhead shot swinging their boom around.

# Blue Thunder
-When Officer Lymongood is running on foot and being chased by the bad
guy in the car,he has his hands tied behind his back but when he runs into
the bike he puts his hands out to break his fall.  In the next scene before he
gets run over, his hands are back behind his back.
 
# The Blues Brothers
-In the scene after the hotel is blown up, one of the troopers stands up with
 a brick sitting on the side of his hat.
 
# Body Double
-When Gloria (?) leaves the mall, she hands her parking ticket to the
 attendant, and tells him it's a green Mercedes, but it's actually
 yellow.
 
# *******Boom Mikes**********
It seems that in many movies the microphone that usually presides above
the speaking actor's head can be glimpsed. I think it only fair to 
remember that there is more to be seen vertically in video adaptations
of movies than the editor intended. However, there are times when mikes
appear in other places as in Annie Hall. If a movie is letterboxed and
you still see a boom mike, that could be considered a goof since
theoretically, letterboxed movies are not cropped on the top & bottom.
 
# Hiding Out
-The boom mike should have top billing for this film, as
 it appears more than any of the actors.

# Johnny Handsome
 
# Monty Python's Life Of Brian
-Another boom mike: in the scene where Brian's mother is buying rocks to take
 to the stoning, the mike is visible at the top of the screen, SWIVELING back
 and forth between the two actors as first one talks, then the other.

# Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2: The Secret of the Ooze
Spotted by a six-year-old.
 
-During "Longtime Companion", the well-known death scene where one man is
 telling the other to "let go", the overhead mike was visible to me off and
 on through the entire scene. I remember it so clearly because I was so
 shocked that this very important and emotional scene would have this
 occur.  Not only was the mike apparent, but it was moving in and out
 of the picture (up and down, like someone couldn't hold it properly),
 which was even more of a distraction.
 
-A classic "boom shot" sequence occurs in the middle of
 "Yankee Doodle Dandy".  George M. Cohan (James Cagney) is walking
 along a street scene, having a converstion.  The camera is following
 him, when the shadow of the boom assembly sweeps across the shot.
 
-Hey, what about all those sound booms in 'Out of Africa'?
 Made me wonder what kind of African plant has mikes as its fruit. 
 
-"Night of the Iguana"- Richard Burton actually gets hit in the head
 by a friendly boom mike in one scene...
 
-"One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest"- two or three scenes of a black mike
 standing out against the white ceiling...
 
- In `Wall Street' there's a scene where Michael Douglas is walking around 
 in Charlie Sheen's apartment giving a speech to Martin Sheen. 
 It's dark outside, and the boom mike is clearly visible in the window 
 following him around.
 
************************************************
 
# Born on the Fourth of July
-Set in 1968-69 includes Don McLean's American Pie, released in 1971.
-In a protest scene outside the 1972 Republican convention, a
 Vietnam veteran is wearing Reeboks, which weren't introduced until
 1978.
 
# The Breakfast Club 
-When the teacher is in the basement looking at the files, the index card 
 on the open drawer is in two different positions depending on the angle of 
 the camera.
 
# Bride of Frankenstein
- At the end, when the castle is self-destructing, the good Doctor can 
 be seen against the far wall. Yet he is next seen outside in the arms of
 his beloved, watching the explosions. There were two endings originally.
 The first had Doctor Frankenstein dying within the castle and this was so
 filmed. But the producers judged this a bit harsh and wanted a happy ending,
 so they shot the extra footage (too expensive to re-film the explosions).
  
# Bullitt
-The Charger loses three hubcaps during the chase scene, and then another
 three when it leaves the highway and runs into the gas station.
-The same little green VW Beetle keeps showing up during the chase scene.
 Funny how it keeps up with the Charger and the Mustang!
 
# Camelot
-In one scene, Richard Harris is sporting a band-aid on his neck.
-Guinevere's party stops along the way for a cup of tea; tea wasn't
 imported to England until much, *much* later. (neither was plate-mail,
 it is widely accepted).
 
# Can't Buy Me Love
-Miller and Budweiser must've both paid for product placement in this movie. 
 At the New Years Eve party, Ronald, Iris, and John(?) are all holding cans 
 of Miller. The camera moves to Bobby, then back to the threesome; now they're 
 all holding Budweiser!

# Cape Fear (1991)
-In the bar scene where Max Cady is talking up the law clerk
infatuated with Nolte's character, there is a shot where she is either
buttons or unbuttons (I forget which) the collar of her blouse. Whenever
the camera is on her during the rest of the scene, the collar of the
blouse alternates with different shots.
 
# Casablanca
-12 minutes into the film, it is mentioned that the stolen Letters of Transit
 are signed by General DeGaulle, and cannot be questioned.  But DeGaulle was the
 leader of the Free French, and CASABLANCA is set in Vichy France, where he had
 been sentenced (in absentia) to death as a traitor. (This is contentious; did
 Peter Lorre say "DeGaulle", "Weygand", or a mix of the two?).
 
# The Cassandra Crossing 
-There is a train that cannot stop, and there is an attempt to pace 
 it with a helicopter and lower something down to it on a rope.  
 This would be rather a neat trick, because this is
 Europe and the train is electric, and every few seconds it passes
 under one of the structures holding up the overhead wires!
 Solution?  Simple.  In the shot where the attempt is actually made
 to lower the rope, the locomotive is magically transformed into a
 diesel, and the electric wires are gone!  (And only in that shot;
 it's still electric while the helicopter is lining up for the attempt,
 and turns back to electric as soon as it's finished.)
 
# Cleopatra
-She goes thru that arch. Cleopatra died in 30 BC, the arch was
 constructed in 300 AD.
 
# A Clockwork Orange
-Scene where Alex returns to "Home" were he raped the author's wife.
 He is eating some spaghetti and drinking some wine, the amount of 
 wine in his glass and the amount of spaghetti on his plate jumps
 around in an unnatural manner.
-There is a goof in the scene in which Alex is talking to a high mucky-muck
 (I think it was the warden in prison just before he gets the
 Ludovecho treatment started.) We cut back and forth to the mucky-muck
 a few times and alternatly see that in some scenes he has his hands
 (fingers interlocked) supporting his chin and in others his hands are
 on his desk.
 
# Close Encounters of the Third Kind 
- During one of the Aliens' visitations to the farm, there's a close of the
 little boy Barry watching out the screen door. As the camera zooms in, the
 camera shadow becomes apparent on the screen door.
 
# The Color of Money
-Right after Eddie (Paul Newman) plays Vincent (Tom Cruise), Eddie is seen 
 taking apart his cue stick, then the movie cuts to a short time later (after 
 the crowd appears to have cleared out some) when Eddie walks over to the table
 and AGAIN begins to disassemble his stick.
 
# Commando
-After Rae Dawn Chong is introduced, Rae gets into her car in the
 parking garage. You can see a reflection of the camera and sound man.
-In the chase scene between the bad guys' yellow Porsche and 
 the girls' red convertible, the front bumper of the red 
 car gets hit and hangs from only one side. A few seconds 
 later the bumper is back on the car again all fixed.
-when the Porsche rolls over, it smashes the driver's side. After AS drops the
 bad guy over the edge, he rolls the Porche back upright; the driver's side
 is **clearly** smashed badly.  Yet a few seconds later, they show the car
 driving off, and there is not a scratch on the driver's side!
-When Arnie is hit by the car as he runs out of the shopping centre, it is easy
 to see his wallet fly out of his pocket.  In a later scene, he pulls out his
 wallet to show Rae Dawn Chong a picture of his daughter.
-As Arnie is pulling his rubber raft onto the shores of Val Verde,
 he is wearing a black bathing suit.  When we are shown a different angle,
 the bathing suit is white (or the other way round).
-I think it's just after Arnie get's out of the shed after ventilating
 the nasty man's head with a sawblade. Arnie has a machine gun in his
 right hand and bullet casings are being ejected to the right.
 Cut to a slightly different angle for ~.5 seconds and Arnie has the gun
 in his left hand and casings are being ejected to the left. Quickly cut
 to the original view and the gun is in his right hand with shells
 ejecting to the right.
 
# The Cowboys
-Early establishing shot.  Jet contrails!

# Cutter's Way
-Near the end of the movie, as Alex Cutter (John Heard) is charging
 across J. J. Cord's estate on a horse, for about a second he is
 seen as missing his right arm instead of his left.  They must have
 felt that the importance of keeping the action moving from left to
 right on the screen outweighed this brief inconsistency.

# The Crimson Pirate
-(During the balloon scene) the camera pans down from the balloon and onto 
 the ship where we see the old crew tied up in the big net. Between the masts 
 of the ship you can see a luxury sealiner in the background.
 
# The Crusades (1935)
-Richard the Lionheart dramatically tosses back his cape .. to check his watch!
 
# Dances With Wolves
-Early in the film, the first time we see Costner riding Cisco,
 there's a canteen tied to Cisco's saddle; as the camera pulls back for a
 longer shot, Cisco is prancing along and it becomes obvious that the
 canteen is *open*, and there's clearly water splashing all over the side
 of the horse.  Score -1 for the prop department.
-Dunbar's wagon driver who carries him to the outpost has some migrating egg
 on his face.  In the scene where he is eating the pickled eggs, every shot
 from the front of wagon has him with a large piece of egg on his upper lip,
 but every time he looks back at Dunbar, its gone.  
 
# Darkman
-(near the beginning) Darkman and Julie are on the bed & Julie is using the 
 cordless phone. After she hangs up and puts the phone back down, it is 
 facing down. The next scene shows the phone facing up.
 
# Days of Thunder
-When Tom Cruise is injured during a race, he's taken to hospital with a
 red ring around the iris of his right eye. But in the subsequent scenes at
 the hospital, the ring moves to his left eye and then back to his right.
 
# Decameron Nights
-As Louis Jourdan surveys the shore from his 14th century ship, you
 can clearly see a large white truck winding its way down a hill.
 
# Diamonds are Forever (James Bond) 
-There is a chase scene between Bond in a "moon buggy" and a bunch of Fords 
 careening across the desert. In one shot, one of the Fords shoots over 
 a sand dune. In the lower corner of the screen, you see what appears to be 
 one of the moon buggy's wheels bouncing away. Next shot, the moon buggy 
 drives away, with all wheels intact.
-At one point James Bond is driving a car down an alley that ends at a gap 
 between two buildings that is too narrow to drive through normally.  Somehow, 
 Bond manages to get the two left wheels up in the air and drives through the
 gap at a slant. When the car comes out from between the two buildings, the 
 two RIGHT wheels are in the air. (The intervening sequence, where the car
 rides on all 4 wheels again before lifting the two right wheels, was edited
 out of the TV version of this movie).
 
# Die Hard
-Watch the window on the door to the conference room where Hans kills Takagi. 
 Takagi's brains splatter all over the glass. But in the next scene the amount 
 of blood on the glass is a lot less.  Later during the shootout in the same
 room the amount of blood that was originally on the glass reappears.
 
# Die Hard 2
-Pacific Bell phones in Dulles Airport.
-You can't make phonecalls *to* planes.
-Later in the movie, Bruce Willis is shown running through the airport 
 terminal.  In the background, you see him running past one of the 
 information boards near the baggage claim and rental car area. It shows 
 a map of the *Los Angeles* freeway system.
-The Air Traffic Controllers said that the planes could only stay in a
 holding pattern for 2 more hours before they crashed.  Those planes could
 have easily reached O'HARE from Dulles in 2 hours.  I also believe there was
 some problem with the radio antenna in the airport (it was blown up or
 something).  Many pilots have their own transceivers, which are little
 radios.  I'm sure that someone in the airport would have one that could talk
 to the planes with.
-During the snowmobile chase, towards the part before the bad guys start
 shooting at McLane, there is a person towards the right hand side trying
 to flag the actors with a flashlight to go a certain way.
-During the fight scene on the wing between Bruce Willis and John Amos,
 Bruce has him down pounding his bloody face.  When John Amos says "Too bad
 McClane I could have liked you" his face is clean no blood.
 
# Dirty Dancing
-You can see Jennifer Grey's body stocking durint the first sex scene,
 when Patrick Swayze gets out of bed with nothing on.
 
# Disorganized Crime
-Two FBI agents have their car stolen by a group of bank robbers. 
 The car is used by both sides in several chase scenes, and they keep 
 referring to it as a "Chrysler", even though it's a Ford. I wonder if they 
 took product-placement money from both companies?
 
# Do the Right Thing
-The "mayor" of the street gives the old woman (Ruby Dee?) a bouquet of red
 flowers.  The next day she is shown with the flowers, but they have changed.  I
 think they switched between carnations and roses.

# Downhill Racer
-Redford pulls a u-turn while driving through his "home town".  From one
 camera view no other cars are in site. 2nd view is from a rooftop and *POOF*
 there is another car.
-While winning the olympic gold medal in downhill racing just after he reaches
 the finish line there is an announcement over the loudspeaker (in German)
 "please clear the course the first racer will be down in 5 minutes". Obviously
 they filmed their sequences just before a real world cup race was run.

# Driving Miss Daisy
-Jessica Tandy and Morgan Freeman's encounter with state troopers clearly 
 takes place in Alabama. The troopers, however, wear Georgia Patches on 
 their uniforms.
 
# Dr Strangelove
-You see the B-52 flying (obviously a model) over the arctic landscape and
 below you can plainly see the shadow of the prop-driven plane (a B-17) from 
 which the snowscape shots were filmed.
 
# E.T.
-Did anyone else notice in E.T. that for about one second, you see Ellioit 
 wreck his bike?  He has E.T. in the front and everything.  It flashed really 
 quick, and most people didn't see it.  I only saw it the second time I saw it 
 because a friend had noticed it the time before, so I was looking.  The guy I 
 was with didn't catch it though.
-When Eliot first sees ET in the storage shed, watch him and the boy
 sitting next to him at the table after he runs in to tell his 
 brother's friends.  As he's telling them of his amazing discovery,
 the boy next to him is mouthing the lines along with Eliot.
-last scene, E.T. getting on ship and waving goodbye: mom kneels down - twice.
 kid standing next to dog, cut to ship, kid holding dog by collar, cut to
 ship, kid standing next to dog.
 
# Emma Hamilton
-Set in 1804, the film features the chimes of Big Ben... 50 years
 before it was built.
 
# The Empire Strikes Back
-Just as the Rebel troops are lining up in the trench, you see smoke
 from a damaged piece of equipment floating by. The AT-ATs haven't
 fired yet!
-In the scene where Han Solo is about to get carbon-frozen, the close-ups
 show him without his vest, then with his vest, then without his vest as he
 goes down...
-More obvious than this - when he is lowered into the hole to get carbon-
 frozen, his hands are tied (behind his back?)...  When he is raised back up
 after being frozen, AND in the beginning of the "Return of the Jedi", his
 hands are frozen in place clearly untied, up in front of him, at the surface
 of the "frozen" block, as if he were pushing against a wall...
 
# Excalibur
-King Arthur sure looks spiffy in his shiny silver armor. As a matter of
 fact, it's so shiny that in it you can see the reflection of someone
 holding what appears to be a boom microphone. Considering that Arthur
 is having a private chat with Guenevere, it is safe to say that the
 "boom guy" *ISN'T* supposed to be there.

# Exorcist III
-When George C. Scott and Ed Flanders go to see "It's a Wonderful Life".
 In an outside shot we see Scott's cab pull up and him getting out. It then
 switches to a shot from inside the lobby where we see Scott coming into
 the theater. The interior shots were done at the Biograph theater in
 Georgetown, but the outside shot of Scott's cab pulling up was not done
 anywhere near the theater.
-Complete mixup of Georgetown geography during the big car chase. Some shots
 might even be from a different city.
 
# Fatal Attraction
-Glen Close is in bed, talking to Michael Douglas, who's standing.
 In the shots looking at her from the viewer's left (her right), the sheet
 is below her (visible) breasts. In the shot looking at her from the
 viewer's right, the sheet is over her breasts.
 
# La Femme Nikita
-Nikita is in Venice when she is called upon to perform an assassination.  
 The window in the bathroom won't open, so she uses a towel to protect her 
 hand as she punches a hole in it. But after she shoots her target, you
 can see the window in the background, complete and unbroken.
 
# Flatliners
-During the final resuscitation scene, the hand-held camera is
 easily seen in the reflection of the EEG monitor when it zooms in.
 
# Fletch:
-Doctor Rosenpenis's stethoscope, VERY BRIEFLY, appears off, then back on 
 his ears as he is bending over to pick up the papers he has dropped.
 
# 48 Hours
-There is a black, dusty Porsche that Eddie drives
 around in late in the movie, but you can see that car early in
 the movie while traipsing around the city.  Pretty lousy
 garage to let the car out without washing or without a ticket.
 
# Frankenhooker
-It is the scene just after the doctor wakes up in his garage/laboratory,
 finds the "monster" is gone, and runs out to the street.
 >From the street, the camera shows the doctor comming out of the 
 garage.  His car is in front of his house on the street.  Then the camera 
 follows him as he runs a little way up the street looking for the monster.
 It is late at night and the streets are empty of people.  
 There is another car on the street not far in front of the doctor's car.
 The doctor then runs back to his car, jumps in, and drives off.  But ...
 THE CAR DIRECTLY IN FRONT OF HIS IS NOW GONE.
 The whole scene is just a few seconds. The strange thing about this goof is 
 that the scene is (apparently), continuous.  I could not see break in the 
 action where they could have moved the car.  Its as if the movie makers did 
 it just as a joke of somekind.
 
# Full Metal Jacket
-In the first half of the film, the soldiers have to go across one of those
 monkey-bar-type things that you hang from and get across by moving one hand
 alternately ahead of the other. The sergeant in charge shouts "It should take 
 no less than x seconds to get across!"  But this doesn't make sense. He should
 have said "it should take no *more* than"....because then he'd be putting a 
 reasonable upper limit on it.
 
# Gargoyles 
-There is a scene where a cops car in speeding down a dirt road. The 
 car changes from a Chevy Impala to a Ford several times during the 
 scene.
 
# Ghost
-When bad guy Rick Aviles is hit and killed by a car, his body is left
 lying in the street. Seconds later, when his ghost appears at the scene,
 his dead body is lying on top of the car. [Roger W. said that the
 *ghost* was left on the ground, and the *body* on the car bonnet. Can
 someone please check this on video?]
 
# Ghostbusters
-During the scene on top of the apartment building, there are rocks
 falling from the top of the building.  At one point, the scene cuts to a shot
 of the panicking crowd in the street.  Watch closely - you can see one of the
 rocks hit a wooden police barricade - and BOUNCE OFF!
-You can also see marshmallow on a truck *before* Mr StaPuft gets fried.
 
# Gleaming The Cube
-During the big chase sequence at the end, the burgundy Toronado 
 alternately has and doesn't have headlight covers.
-Later during this same chase, the stolen police car cuts in front of 
 a red Corvette, "damaging" the left front fender near the headlight. 
 When Christian Slater skates up alongside the irate driver the "damage"
 to the car is obviously from *old* rust, and not a hit from another car.
 
# Glory
-In the first scene where Morgan Freeman meets Matthew Broderick, Freeman is
 is kicking soldiers to see if they are alive. When Broderick looks up to see 
 who has kicked him, the sun is clearly shining from behind him. Yet in the 
 next scene, Freeman comes into the sunlight, showing his face. The sun is 
 behind him now. The direction of the sun alternates in the next two scenes.
- One has to look real close at the night battle scenes at the end to discern 
 that the bayonets are rubber (they wiggle). This was actually a safety
 precaution so that no one got skewered in the dark.
 
# The Godfather
-There's a major glass-of-wine continuity problem during the wedding scene near
 the start.
 
# The Godfather III
-In the montage of newspaper clippings describing the Corleone family's 
 involvement with the Italian corporation, all of the headlines are correct
 (e.g. CORLEONE GAINS STOCK IN IMMOBILIARE), but the text underneath them is 
 way off base: one story talks about Saddam Hussein, another is about something
 else in current affairs (taxes? I forgot), and the third is actually from a 
 computer manual, as I recall seeing "Insert the disk into the drive and
 turn the computer on" before it flashed offscreen. 
 
# Gone With the Wind
-When the horse-drawn carriages are driving up to Twelve Oaks, 
 they cast no shadows on the ground.
-When Scarlett and Melanie are nursing the wounded soldier, their
 shadows don't fit their movements.
-Late in the second half, Rhett Butler (Clark Gable) takes the women on
 a wild "chariot style" ride through burning Atlanta.  Depending on which cut of
 the film you see, Rhett changes once, twice, or three times into a short black
 stunt man while driving the wagon!!
 
# Goodfellas  
- In the final chaseing scene, which is supposed to be happening in 1981:
 The scene shows two people (I forget the names of the characters)
 covnersing in the back of the car.  You can see the "third tail light" above
 the back seat.  This would be completely normal, except that this feature
 wasn't offered unitl 1986 +/- a year.
-In the scene near the end where DeNiro's character is trying to off
 the wife (by telling her to go into the "dress shop"), she speeds off
 in her car, and in the process, blows a fake license plate off the
 car parked in front of her (an orange new york license plate covering
 a new one).
 
# The Graduate
-Ben, in a pretty establishing shot, drives over the Bay Bridge to 
 Berkeley and is on the upper span, thus going the wrong way.

# The Great Outdoors
-In the scene where the bear knocks down the cabin door on top of John Candy
 you can clearly see the trainer's stick being waved under the bear's chin
 to make it roar for a close-up.
 
# Green Berets
-John Wayne goes eastward into the sunset
 
# Green Card
-Andie MacDowell goes to the dinner party at her friend's parents' house.
 In the scene out in the garden when she is talking to the father
 she is barelegged; later when she comes home we see her taking off 
 black stockings.
 
# Gremlins
-Zach Galligan's Volkswagen changes color twice in the course
 of a few minutes.
-The *underside* of tree branches are coated with snow.
-Look at the scene when the gremlins are swinging from the Christmas tree and 
 the tree falls forward.  For a split second, you can see a prop man pushing 
 the tree over.  He's behind the tree a little to the left, and he's wearing a 
 red shirt and glasses. 
 
# Halloween
-Although the story takes place in Illinois, all the cars have
 California license plates.
 
# Hamlet (Zefferelli)
-When the guy is stabbed through the curtain, the size and position of the
 hole in the curtain changes.
 
# Handmaid's Tale
-In the scene where Offred is holding yarn for Major's Wife, the amount
 of yarn jumps around erratically.
-Natasha is given a photo of her daughter. The camera angles change, and
 in the next shot she is holding a _different_ photo. 
-A man is giving a speech denouncing women. He lists one of their sins
 as "test-tube babies" (on the soundtrack), but his mouth is clearly
 saying something else.
 
# Hang 'em High
-There's a scene where Clint Eastwood walks into a saloon.
 The shadow of the cameraman is clearly visible in the street.
 
# The Hard Way
-In the captain's office (early in the film, when John is complaining
 about Nick) a list on the wall is titled "Homocides" (sic).
 
# Hell Comes to Frogtown 
-(Rowdy Roddy Piper stars as a post-apocalyptic stud whose drafted
 by the US government to impregnate virgins in the field ... really
 funny !) Roddy shoves a bad-guy demon off a cliff, and the demon falls 
 off and out of the picture.  If you play it in slow motion, you can see 
 the matress that the demon lands on pop up for a second into the picture.
 
# High Noon
-At the end of the movie, a long boom shot pulls back from the cowboy-era town
 to reveal downtown Los Angeles in the background with telephone pole wires and
 all.

# How I Got Into College
-There is a scene with an overhead view of the car the main character is
 driving on his way to college.  The shadow of the helicopter this scene
 was shot from passes through the bottom of the picture.
 
# Hudson Hawk
- When Hawk gets out of the packing case, he has some styrofoam stuck to his
 head.  In a later shot, the position of the styrofoam changes.
 
# The Hunt for Red October
-A soviet crewman on a US ship does a sign of the (Roman Catholic) cross 
 when the Russian sub goes down. Russian orthodoxists should do a mirror-image
 cross (ie. head, heart, right, left)!
-in the beginnig when the Political Officer is reading the orders ... they
 are supposed to test the caterpillar drive and return to base "on or about
 the 16th of this month..." a few scenes later (and not more than 1 day)
 Jack Ryan is in the breifing of Jeffrey Pelt, and asks "it isnt the 23rd"
 
# Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade
-(In the scene at the beginning) Indy is swinging off the Coronado via 
 a hook on a line.  He distinctly has the Cross of Coronado in his left hand 
 in the previous scene.  When he grabs onto the hook, the cross disappears, 
 and when he lands in the water, it's in his left hand again.
-At the beginning of the movie, just before young Indy escapes into the train's
 caboose, the train is seen going through a mountainous area with forests. He
 disappears through the box in the floor, and when the guy with the hat looks
 out the back door of the caboose, there are no more mountains ... the terrain
 is flat like the place where Indy boarded the train in the first place!
-The first shot of the adult Indy as he raises his head shows blood trickling
 down his chin from one side of his mouth.  In the next and subsequent shots,
 the blood is dripping from the other side.
-In trying to find his father. Indiana Jones goes thru his father's mail.
 A close up of the letters shows one with a stamp not issued by the U.S.
 Post Office until after the time frame of the movie.
-After being chased by the Germans, Indy and his father come to a sign that
 is posted by a fork in the road.  One road goes to Berlin, the other to Venice.
 This sign is unlikely, because Venice and Berlin are roughly 400 miles apart.
-In the sequence in which Indy's clambering about on the outside of the tank,
 it's impossible for him to have gotten hung up on the gun barrel the way he 
 does -- the end of the barrel's already been blown apart, causing it to 
 blossom like a metal flower which is too large for Indy to have passed that 
 loop of equipment strap over even if he'd wanted to.
-After the tank goes over the cliff, the turret of the tank falls off and away
 as the tank hits the ground. However, when Connery and the rest look over the
 edge at the tank, the turret is in place on the top of the tank.
-As the camera angles change on Sean Connery right after the Hatayan tank
 falls from the cliff, you can see marked differences in the way Connery's
 beard is trimmed.
-While spelling out the word of God, Indy steps on a letter, accidentally
 breaking the letter behind his foot.  In the next scene, the letter is intact.
-The letter he stepped on was a J, which was wrong because Jehovah is spelled
 Iehovah in Latin.  But the reason for the spelling difference is that Latin
 *has* no letter J.  So there shouldn't have been a J tile in the first place.
 (It might conceivably have been an ornate T, but doesn't look much like one.)
-Hitler writes his name with the wrong hand when he autographs the diary.
 
# Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom
-In the long shots of Indy on the rope bridge when he has thugees on either
 side of him, the thugees are much further from him than in the close up
 shots. Note that this is not a deceptive camera angle, it is quite clearly
 the case.
-When the rope bridge is cut and Indy is climbing up, the stuntman is far
 thinner than Harrison Ford.
-In the finale when the kids are returning to their mothers, one kid is
 boosted up to his mother. You can see the assistant's white hands for a 
 second helping the kid up to the mother.
 
# Intolerance [1916] 
-Shot includes director's assistant clad in coat and tie in scene set
 in ancient Babylon.
 
# Jagged Edge
-Glenn Close's outfit changes from gray to blue to brown to blue in a
 a courtroom sequence (..or was this to convey the passage of a 
 few days? Anyone?).
 
# Jailhouse Rock
-The prison number on Elvis's jacket changes from 6239 to 6240.
 
# The Jewel of the Nile
-Kathleen Turner jumps onto a train wearing canvas slip-on that
 change to leather sandals that change back to canvas shoe later
 in the scene.
 
# Julius Caesar 
-In the scene where Cassius offers Brutus his dagger to kill him,
 the blade of his dagger falls off as he pulls it out of the sheath.
 Without even slowing down, the actor offers the hilt of the dagger to Brutus,
 with the "blade" hidden behind his forearm.  Truly a great recovery...
 
# Kelly's Heroes
-While they are removing the "boxes of gold bars" from the bank, some
 of the actors act as if the boxes are very heavy, while others toss them
 around as if they are empty (which they were).
-Each box is supposed to carry 12 gold bars, each of 10 kg -- that's
 over 240 lbs a box -- at the very end, Kelly (Clint Eastwood) picks up
 two boxes, one in each hand, and hauls them out. A real man's man :-)
 
# The King and I
-During Yul Brynner's "Is a Puzzlement" number, the earring he
 wears in some shots is absent in others.  It also shifts from
 ear to ear.
 
# Knock on Wood
-A policeman dashes up the stairs wearing a helmet...and busrsts into
 the room wearing a peaked cap.
 
# Krakatoa, East of Java
-It's west of Java.

# Ladyhawk
-The moon goes from gibbous to full to gibbous again over three succesive days
 more or less as it should.  Then, only three days later it's new.  Or, is this
 movie set in some fantasy world with multiple moons?  The people in this movie
 also had the strangest pronunciation of Aquila that I ever heard.
 
# Lethal Weapon:
-When Roger is complaining about his life being over and xxx years on the
 force and not a scratch on his record, the car he's driving is moving 
 but the shifter is in park.
-Riggs handcuffs himself to the depressed businessman. They jump off the
 building but they're not handcuffed to each other anymore.
-Riggs describes his "special" bullet as a hollow point, but the one he put in
 his pistol earlier wasn't.

# Little Man Tate
-In the scene where Fred is having his last talk with the Harry Connick Jr.
 character, the strap on his on his breifcase changes positions from his
 shoulder to his arm, depending on the angle of the shot.
 
# Look Who's Talking
-While John Travolta and Kristie Alley drive around in search of a 
 missing child, Travolta has sunglasses on in the shots taken from
 outside the car but not those taken inside.
 
# The Lost Boys
-There is a scene where actor Jason Patric is flying uncontrollably in 
 his room.  In his scramble to control himself, he accidentally knocks 
 his phone off the hook.  This is quite clear.  We then
 cut to the next room, where the phone rings.  Corey Haim picks it up, 
 and begins to talk...only to have Patric talk on his phone.  Of course, my
 question is how could the phone ring?  Wouldn't it have been a busy signal?
-There are two or three scenes where the camera simulates the vampires
 flying into and out of their lair.  One of the scenes is clearly just
 the previous one played backwards (as the camera flies over the ocean 
 the waves head *OUT* to sea)
 
# The Maltese Falcon:
-There's a fire on a boat (La Paloma) in the port of San Francisco.
 The fire fighters have Los Angeles Fire Department uniforms on.
 What a long drive to put out a fire!!!

# Magnum Force
-When the boss bad cop takes Dirty Harry prisoner, he makes him throw his gun in
 the back seat, not out the window.  Later, when left alone in the car, Harry
 flees without getting the gun and is unarmed throughout the climactic battle
 royal (which, incidentally, hinges on a homicide detective's ability to
 outride several full-time motorcycle cops).

# Manhattan
 There is a scene in Manhattan, where someone is running down
 a sidewalk being filmed out of a moving car.  You can see a reflection
 of the camera (and cameraperson) in some of the windows of the cars
 that are between the camera and the subject.  [this is the kind of
 
# Manhunter
- when the second police car crashes into the ditch, the driver cracks his
 head on the windscreen (complete with sound effects).  In slow motion, it is
 obvious that the windscreen was smashed, and then the stuntman threw his
 head against it.
 
# Marked for death
-There is a scene where Stevan Segal is sitting in a truck parked next to the 
 curb, watching some bad guys in a black four-door.  The street is covered 
 with leaves. Later when he starts up the truck and drives toward the bad guys 
 car the street is clean with barely any leaves on it.
 
# Meet Me in St. Louis
-While Judy Garland sings "The Trolley Song" a friend visiting the set 
 shouts "Hiya Johnny!", not "Hiya Judy, as widely reported.
-In some early scene you can see that there is feather/down snow
 floating all over the set, left over from the upcoming winter scenes.
-When Judy Garland and Margaret O'Brien are singing "If You Like-a Me",
 Margaret's slippers change from pink to blue.
 
# Memphis Belle
-In the opening minutes of the film, a B17 is returning to its British base 
 after a mission and attempts a crash landing, siding over the camera placement.
 During this shot, look at the engines on the port side of the plane (right 
 side of the screen): the inboard engine has two of three blades remaining and 
 there is only one left on the outboard engine. But when the plane finally 
 slides to a stop, the propeller blades have miraculously reappeared.
-The Memphis Belle had  P51 mustangs escorting the bombers several
 months before they appeared in the European theatre.  (movie takes place in May,
 43 - mustangs showed up in the fall)
 
# Mermaids
-Bob Hoskins discusses how "AstroTurf" will ruin baseball.  
 Movie is set in 1963, AstroTurf was not introduced until 1967 or so. 
 
# Midnight Express
-There is a shot of one of the walls to the prison, from the outside.  
 There is a path that starts at the lower left of the wall and goes 
 to the right, climbing.  Along the bottom of the wall there are a 
 few scraggly trees.  Now, the protagonist (or someone) 
 goes running up the path, from left to right.  Your attention is
 meant to be focused on him, but if you watch the bottom of the screen, you
 will see the boomman running in time with the actor, sticking his
 microphone in the general direction of the action.  It is plain as day.
-In the scene where Hayes is alone(?) in that "wheel room", I recall the
 boom mike being PLAINLY visible. This is not one of those times where
 it simply "dips" down from above. In this scene, you can see the entire
 rig.

# My Girl
-When Thomas J. (Caulkin) and Veda (Chlumsky) are fishing, Thomas J.
catches a fish and proceeds to say, "I hate touching the fish." While
the hook falls out of the fish's mouth twice before Veda grabs the fish and
removes the hook.  No wonder the fish died!
 
# Narrow Margin
-There's a chase scene in the early part of the movie through a Canadian
 wood. Their vehicle hits a low branch and it thoroughly cracks the upper
 half of the windshield. Towards the end of the chase, for one shot, the
 windshield is miraculously gone! and then reappears for the next shot...
 
# The Natural
-At the end before Roy Hobbs hits the home run, look how the blood pattern
 on his uniform changes from shot to shot. It gets bigger and smaller and
 the number of spots changes.
-When he is in his slump, he goes to Wrigley and it is supposed to be the
 first inning when he bats the first time. However, the scoreboard shows
 the Cubs up 1-0. They would not have batted yet since it is at Wrigley. Then
 in the ninth when he hits the home run  and breaks the clock; everybody
 acts like they are leaving but why don't the Cubs bat in the bottom of ninth.
-In the scene where Redford and Close meet in the diner, watch for
 the mysterious moving/disappearing/reappearing glass.
  
# Never Say Never Again (James Bond) 
-There is a scene where Bond and Felix swim across to have a look at 
 the villain's yacht - when Bond first gets into the water he has no 
 head mask with his scuba diving suit, but when he exits, he is seen 
 taking it off - guess somebody forgot about Connery's toupee.......
 
# The Never Ending Story 
-Atreyu is washed up on a beach, face down.  He raises his head, looks around, 
  then stands up.  During this movement, there is a cut from a tight to a wide 
  shot. In the tight shot, Atreyu's chest is covered with sand.  In the wide 
  shot his chest is clean.
-Hathaway has just left Rockbiter. We see him (from above) walking towards
  that building on top of the hill. All around him there are the remains
  of the devastated city. On his right there are some rocks strewn about.
  Suddenly the ground opens up. The camera switches to a ground-level
  shot. On his right there is now a "wall" of rocks (extending way up into
  the air). The camera now switches back to an aerial shot. The wall is
  gone and the "strewn about" rocks are back. Looks like the matte painters
  and set designers didn't agree on this one.
-(38:19 into the movie)
  You can play "spot the stuntman" with this scene. If you can single-
  frame the film, go about 9 frames in to this "second", and there is a
  full-face image of the stuntman just before he falls from the tree.
-Watch the bottom of the asteroid flying by. Its support pole apparently
  gets in the way as the asteroid rotates and ends up "masking" a vertical
  section of the asteroid. Looks like the effects department goofed up this
  time.
 
# Nightmare on Elm Street
-Nancy, after talking to her father, is seen walking past a tree, and
 in her hand is what seems to be the exact same tickets that her boyfriend 
 gives her in the next scene!!!
 
# Ninja III (The Domination)
-At one point, the ninja is standing on top of a police car.  He then stabs
 on policeman through the top of the car and punches the other, also through
 the top of the car.  This makes two large holes in the roof which magicaly
 no longer there in the next shot when the car goes into a lake.
 
# No Way Out
-Kevin Costner's character escapes two assasins while running along the
 C&O canal in Washington D.C. by ducking into a Metro station and getting
 on a BALTIMORE Metro train just as it leaves.

# North and South
-In one battle scene, the camera pans across the battle field... and
 gets a shot of another camera filming away.
 
# North by Northwest 
-Cary Grant complains that he only has one suit for his stay in
 Chicago. Yet when he heads out into the prairie, he has a different
 colour suit on.
-There is a scene in a cafe where Cary Grant is approached by Eva Marie Saint.
 They talk and she draws a gun and shoots him. Before she does however 
 there is a shot of a crowd scene. Included is a little boy, who was 
 obviously at the scene rehearsal, putting his fingers in his ears.
-Many backdrop tops and light reflections.
 
# An Officer and a Gentleman
-In the fight at the end of the film, Lou Gosset throws a punch that Richard 
 Gere blocks. Gere then grabs Gosset's arm.  If you single step this scene, you 
 can see that in one shot, Gere is holding Gosset by the wrist, and in the next
 frame (from a different angle) he is holding him near his elbow.
 
# One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest
-As Jack Nicholson is strangling Nurse Ratchet, his cap falls off and 
 is surprisingly back on his head seconds later.
 
# Operation Petticoat
-At the end of the movie, as Cary Grant is coming off the gangplank from the 
 submarine, Tony Curtis's character's kids actually call him Mr. Grant rather 
 than Admiral Whatever.
 
# Outland
-Sean Connery is involved in one of those fights where they are outside
 with spacesuits on. As he is struggling, you can CLEARLY see his bare
 arm where the sleeve of the spacesuit is supposed to be attached to
 the glove. Considering the way people are blowing up whenever they are
 exposed to space elsewhere in the film, this probably wasn't intended.
-At one point Connery gets a bad guy cornered and "interrogates" him
 with his custom shotgun. Both men are approx. 4 meters apart and still
 Sean manages to miss the baddie twice. Some special non-expanding ammo?
 
# Out of Africa
-During one scene in the movie, Robert Redford and Meryl Strep are sitting
 down at a table outside.  Redford's character is shown pealing and eating
 an orange.  The camera cuts back to Redford often, sometimes eating and
 orange and sometimes peeling another.  If you count, it would seem as if
 he has eaten 5 or 6 oranges in the span of about 3 minutes.  And on Oscar
 was awarded to this fool.

# Oxford Blues
-When Rob Lowe arrives in Oxford with his sports car, driving through
 town and shouting "I do not believe this!" the shots are of locations
 in Oxford spliced together in random order.  For example, he drives
 into a dead end inside New College and reappears on Oriel Square,
 where he asks directions to Oriel!
-He gets his car stuck in an artificial wall.  You can see the fittings
 shake on impact.  In reality that car could make it through the street
 with no trouble.
-Everybody including Rob Lowe wears scholar's gowns.  In reality only
 about 3 percent of Oxford's students are entitled to wear scholars
 gowns, and Rob and his boatie friends don't seem likely scholars.
-There is no architecture course at Oxford.
-Admissions and students' course schedules computerized/centralized?
-Virtually no one has a roommate.  To be assigned a roommate in college,
 even in the "rowing room," would be an imposition, not an honor.
-Rob breaks up an intimate late-night tete-a-tete between Amanda Pays
 and Julian Sands at Brown's coffee bar in the Covered Market.  Brown's
 is always bustling and the whole Covered Market complex closes at 5:30 p.m.
-It would be very unusual for a university fellow to be a rowing
 coach.  Usually the coaches are just veteran student rowers, or for
 the really good crews, professionals brought from outside.
-Rowers do not occupy high table at any college, not even Oriel.  The
 fellows do.  Most students in Oxford are so cynical/apathetic about
 rowing (and also hungry) that a suggestion of a walkout would be
 laughed out of college.
-In the punting scene (long boat with pole), Rob Lowe moves the boat
 in circles, a mark of an inept novice.  He probably needed to be
 towed back to shore.
-Sconcing is banned in Oxford and certainly would not be done in
 formal hall with all the fellows of the college looking on.
-Boat-burning takes place only after eights, not after ad hoc
 coxless pairs grudge matches against Harvard.
 
# Pacific Heights
-Melanie Griffiths is sneaking around Michael Keaton's room. We see his
 open briefcase on the table. The next scene shows Melanie sitting at
 the table and opening the (inexplicably closed) briefcase.
-I believe that they were depicted as a young couple just starting out.
 Well, Pacific Heights is the most exclusive neighborhood in San Francisco
 and I doubt even the meanest little house would go for much under $1M U.S.
 Thanks to San Francisco Chronicle for pointing this one out.

# Pale Rider
-The snow in town appears and disappears each day. Also it is clearly winter in
 the town, but not in the panner's settlement or the miner's valley (this may
 be explainable by them being some distance from the town).
-Prospector Michael Moriarty finds a chunk of gold about the size of a football
 and dances through the streambed waving it around over his head.
 ("Styrofoam.  There's STYROFOAM in them thar hills!")
 
# Parenthood 
-During the scene where Jason Robards talks to his
 wayward son in the garage in front of his prized green car, the entire
 film crew is visible in the reflection of the car.
-The horse that the kids ride is a docile looking, skinny
 chestnut colored horse.  Then Steve Martin gets on the horse
 an rides him down the street and attempts to jump him over a
 hedge - the horse is now bay coloured, and with a lot more energy..
 
# Pee Wee's Big Adventure
-When Pee Wee is chaining his BIKE up next to the clown (outside the bike-
 store), he opens up a small "basket" on his bike to pull out the chain. Of
 course, he pulls out about 75 feet of chain, so what is desired is that old
 "joke" about something very large fitting in something very small. However
 one thing spoils it... in the "wide view" shot, it is clearly seen that the
 "basket" has a hole in it. Looking at the bottom-right of the screen, one can
 see the chain going up through the hole in the basket, through the basket and
 being pulled by PW...

 Ed Note: This is due to the fact that the 'safe area' was not covered
  in the home video version
 
# The Perfect Weapon
-When Jeff is listening to the song 'The Power', the radio station
 identifies itself as "FM 109". (FM dials only go as high as 108).
 
# Pet Sematary
-While daddy Dale Midkeff kneels by his son's grave, the nearby
 flowers change from purple to yellow.
 
# The Pink Panther
-There's a scene where David Nivens's character romances the Princess and
 gets her drunk on champagne while she's laying on a tiger rug.  While
 they're talking and drinking she's been holding a lit cigarette.  She
 passes out, still holding the cigarette; her hand flops down on the rug.
 Niven then tries to pick her up in order to carry her into the bedroom,
 and eventually wraps her up in the rug and drags it in.  During this
 procedure, the cigarette is gone; it probably should have lit
 the rug on fire.  I was watching carefully to see if he had taken it out
 of her hand, but it just disappeared.
 
# Plan 9 from Outer Space
-The grass wrinkles.
-Day changes to night and back and forth in the same scene, many times.
-Bela Lugosi appears in only a few shots (he died early in production)
 and in all other shots his character is played by Ed Wood's wife's chiropractor
 with his arm in front of his face. Furthermore, he was blond and made no
 attempt to color his hair like Lugosi's.  (Ed Wood being, of course, the famous 
 bad-movie director [Plan 9, Glen or Glenda, etc]).
 
# Porky's II 
-Set in the 50's, the movie poster showed a cheerleader wearing
 Nikes. Don't know if this reoccurs in the movie.
 
# Predator
-When Mac and the major are hiding under the log (just before Mac gets it),
 you can see a microphone pinned to the underside of the log.
-After the commandos have toasted the enemy camp and the major is going through
 the papers, Dutch (Arnie) leaves the office in a vest and comes back wearing
 a jacket and smoking a cigar. Immediately afterwards they are leaving the
 camp and Dutch has lost the jacket.
-Later when Anna runs off and the guy-with-glasses gets it, one of the two
 cable wraps tying her wrists together is clearly hanging below the other.
 
# Presumed Innocent
-Check out the tape recorder shoved into ???'s face (Can't remember who,
 I was so blown away by it) after ??? emerges from the courthouse making
 a few statements to the press. The tape recorder is an obvious "prop" that
 nobody thought to put a tape in. I about cracked up watching him talk into
 an empty tape recorder.
 
# Pretty Woman
-On the movie poster, Gere's hair is brown. In the movie it's grey. 
-It's not Julia Roberts' body on the movie poster.
-While they are having breakfast - watch the donut/roll/pancake Julia Roberts 
 is eating - it keeps switching -very bad editing!
-In the scene where Gere and Roberts are dining with Ralph Bellamy,
 the meals they have in front of them (esp. the sorbets) chop 'n change.
-Julia Roberts starts undressing Richard Gere, Gere's tie and collar and zipper
 go from being untied and unbuttoned to being tied and buttoned, then
 back again, all in a matter of seconds (but not the zipper).
-Also, Julia takes off his shoes and socks. A few seconds later they
 are magically back on his feet again.
 
# Pump Up The Volume
-There is one shot of the exterior of Hubert Humphrey High where you can clearly
 see what is presumably the actual name of the school on a wall behind Slater.

# The Princess Bride
-In the beginning when the grandfather arrives with the book.  He opens
 the book, the camera angle switches, and the book is closed and gets
 opened a second time.
 
# The Prize
-Watch Paul Newman's hands when he jumps to the cargo net on the ship; you can 
 see a pair of gloves briefly appear when his hand reaches for the railing, 
 and just as quickly disappear as he swings over.  Didn't want to hurt his 
 dainty little hands, no doubt.  Whatta wimp.
 
# Rambo, First Blood Part II
-When Rambo fires the rocket launcher through his helicopter's (missing)
 windshield to blow up the Russky's helicopter, the backblast would have
 fried all of the MIAs (and the helicopter).
 
# Raiders of the Lost Ark 
-In the scene where Indy and Marion emerge from their entombment
 in the crypt after crashing through a wall with a statue. Indy pushes a 
 massive stone block out of the outside wall - and you can see from the block's
 shadow that when it hits the ground, it bounces!
-In the same scene, I noticed that when Indy and Marion run down the slope
 from the wall, there is an unconcious man sitting under the hole left by
 the rock. His presence is left unexplained (or is it an intentional joke?). 
-Note the tell-tale reflection of the glass pane that keeps Harrison Ford 
 safe during his tete-a-tete with the cobra.
-When Indiana Jones escapes from a pyramid through the wall by pushing
 out one of the big stones from it, you can see from the shadow of the
 stone how the 'stone' bounches up from the ground.
-Indy goes to Marion's bar to get the medallion.  She tells him to get 
 lost.  After he leaves she sits down and pulls the medallion, which she is 
 wearing on a chain around he neck, out of her blouse.  Straight-on shot of 
 Meriam looking at the medallion with the chain still around her neck.  Cut 
 to a profile shot where she is still looking at the medallion and the chain 
 is no longer around her neck.
-When the truck explodes, you can see the pole shooting out of the bottom
 of it to make it tip over as if the explosion was real.
-When Indy finds Marion in the tent after he thinks she is dead, he unties 
 the gag in her mouth. He then ties it back catching a lot of her hair in 
 it. The camera changes, and there is no more hair caught in the gag.
-When they go to see the old man about the writing on the medalion,
 he tells them that the staff should be 6 kadams to which Indy states
 that is about 72 inches.  Then the old man says to remove 1 kadam.
 Simple math dictates that the staff should be 60 inches or 5 feet tall.
 When Indy is later in the map room, he inserts the staff into the
 hole and the mounted medalion is over his head.  I don't think Harrison
 Ford is less than 5 feet tall.
-When Indiana leaps aboard the German submarine on its way to the
 island to open the Ark, he is on the outside. Then the Uboat captain
 shouts "tauchen, tauchen" meaning "dive, dive"!
 
# Red Dawn
-The Colorado Rockies conveniently have just enough of a dusting of snow that
 winter to provide a nice Valley Forge atmosphere of shared patriotic hardship.
 Try "snow ass-deep to a tall horse."
 
# Return of the Jedi
-When Luke is explaining to Threepio about the 'magic', Artoo is NOT tied up.
 (Letterboxed version only)
-There is one point in the climatic battle scene where a tie fighter
 magically appears in the middle of the Falcon.
-As Threepio is trying to get his frinds untied, we see Chewbacca poke his head 
 onto the set BEFORE he is actually cut loose (letterboxed version ONLY)
-After the battle on Tantooine, there is a flypast of many TIE fighters past
 the Death Star.  As 3 of them approach, they magically disappear. It's about
 30m into the film.
 
# Roadhouse
-Before Patrick Swayze punches the tall, goofy guy in his boss's office, 
 you can see some of the blood come out of the guy's nose before he's 
 punched!!!
 
# Robin and Marian
 In the very last scene, after Robin(Sean Connery) has shot his last
 arrow, you see three apples on a window board. Two are rotten, the
 third one seems to be a Golden Delicious. It`s doubtful whether this
 variety was known in 13th century England...
 
# Robin Hood, Prince of Thieves
- When Robin returns to England and throws himself on the ground, he offers his
 hand to his Moorish slave.  In a subsequent shot, he is offering his other
 hand.
-The Sheriff asks his maids to see him tonight, one at 10:00, the
 other at 10:15. In the 12th century, they didn't have clocks.
-There is one scene where the thieves are casting arrowheads out
 of *lead*!
-there is a plaque in the wall of the castle near where he and Marion are
 standing.  It happens just before the bad guys come to give chase.
-When Sherwood Forest is initially shown (a distant shot) it appears to be
 an coniferous forest, and yet when Robin and party are shown within, the
 forest has become deciduous!
-When the outlaws' hideout in Sherwood Forest is attacked 'by surprise' there
 are a large number of heavy cataputs, which 'shell' the hideout. Given the
 density of the forest and the size of the catapults it probably would have
 taken over a week to get them in position.

# Robocop
-When the disgruntled ex-city official is blasted out of the window of
 City Hall, he falls out of screen. During the replay of the scene for
 the "news" immediately afterward, the stunt man's feet are seen popping
 up into view as he bounces on the padding and rolls to take the impact.
 [This may have been intentional]
- In the scene where Clarence is showing off his new "toy" gun to his
 pals, he gets back in his Brand New SUX to have the rear view mirror fall down.
-After Clarence Boddicker spills his guts and rats of his boss Dick Jones,
 Robo goes to arrest Jones.  To get to Jones's office, Robo rides in an
 elevator that takes him up past the 90th floor.  In the office Robo meets
 up with ED209.  To escape, Robo walks down a flight of stairs that the
 Enforcement Droid cannot.  Has anyone noticed that he immediately opens
 the door there and is amazingly on the ground level of the building?
 
# Rocky Horror Picture Show
-In the scene where Brad and Janet are being undressed, Brads Sweater is 
 removed and his shirt is already unbuttoned. Later Riff Raff walks by, and 
 then Magenta unbuttons it.
-When Brad and Janet are putting on their robes in the lab, at one
 point, Brad's robe is wide open, he turns around, and it somehow gets
 completely closed.
-During the Time Warp, one of the Transylvanians hands another an 
 hors d'ouevres tray, and then immediately has it back in his hands again.
-During "Dammit, Janet", Janet drops her purse in back of her.  Later
 in the scene, when she bends down to get the ring, it is in front of her.
-Frank does not hit Eddie with the pick until he is well within the freezer, 
 but when he emerges, there is a long trail of blood leading into it.
-At the end of the movie, Brad and Janet carry Dr. Scott out of the castle - 
 no wheelchair.  But later, as the scene begins to spin, you can see
 Dr. Scott lying on the ground next to his crushed wheelchair!
 
# Scarface
-Set in 1980, the movie includes a billboard for a 1984 Corvette
 and a vending machine for USA Today, which began in 1982.
 
# The Sea Hawk
-after the first battle, when stuff is being moved from the captured ship, there
 is an overhead shot of the two ships side-by-side, with lots of men carrying
 stuff across planks set up between the two ships.  Watch closely, and you'll
 see a couple of guys fall off one of the planks! The guy following them pauses, 
 as if he is expecting the director to yell "cut", and then finally continues
 across.
 
# See No Evil/Hear No Evil 
-Pryor & Wilder are on the run from the police.  They ditch the
 stolen police car that they were driver into a muddy bog.  Their clothes
 end up being covered in mud. In next scene, they show up squeaky clean.
 
# The Shining 
-During the opening with the aerial view of the car climbing up the 
 lonely mountain road, the shadow of the helicopter is visible for more 
 than just brief moment.  
-Jack Nicholson hacks through one of two thin panels in a bathroom door.
 In a later scene, you can clearly see that both panels have been hacked 
 through.  According to Maltin, Kubrick cut the film by 4 minutes after 
 its premiere.  I guess more ax work by Nicholson must have been what was cut.
 
# A Shock to the System (Michael Caine)
-A detective questions Michael Caine's secretary and writes down his 
 telephone number on a piece of notepad paper for her.  Later, when she decides
 to call him, she has his business card.
 
# The Silence of the Lambs
-When Jodie Foster goes into the first girl's room, her father says
 that the room has been left the way it was when she died. But, there's
 a Debbie Harry "Def, Dumb & Blonde" poster on the wall; that album was
 released in 1989, 3 years(?) after the girl died.
-When we first see Dr. Lector in the "courthouse cage", we hear his 
 cassette player playing. I looked very closely, and noticed that the 
 tape wheels on the cassette are *not* turning.
-Toward the end of the movie, when Buffalo Bill is sitting in front of
 the leading lady in the dark, he can see her because he has night vision
 goggles on.  The audience is shown what he supposedly sees, but there is
 something that we see that we shouldn't: shadows resulting from the
 really bright lights behind the camera to create this view!
 
# Silent Running
-Someone hits Bruce Dern's left leg with a shovel.  Later, his 
 right leg is the one that is injured.

# The Sons of Katie Elder
-Early in this film various characters run out of ammunition after firing
 six shots from their revolvers.  So far, so good.  But, in the climactic
 gunfight at the end, John Wayne loads up his six gun and then goes out and
 fires fourteen shots.  This is in the Paramount home video.  I could swear
 that when I first saw this on film, he fired 15 shots, THEN reloaded and
 fired 3 more. (different editing?)
 
# Spartacus
-Watch for the truck driving along the hills behind a battle scene.
-Same scene:  the directory utilized college students as extras in some of
 this "cast of thousands" scene. If you look quickly, you can see slaves wearing
 wristwatches.
 
# Splash
-When the mermaid (Daryl Hannah) steps on land for the first time,
 she is supposed to be totally nude. The director tries to convey her
 nudity WITHOUT actually showing her nude body thus:
 As she walks towards that crowd, the camera alternates between
 her bare back (waist upwards) and her bare legs. EXCEPT that in the
 first shot, you can see Hannah wearing blue jeans (!!) and in the
 second, she is wearing a long brown(?) shirt!! Someone was very
 careless somewhere!

 Ed Note: This is due to the fact that the 'safe area' was not covered
  in the home video version.

-Scene where Tom Hanks has the lid off the outboard motor while
 he is trying to start it.  The motor starts suddenly, throwing
 him overboard.  Next shot has the boat spinning around with the
 lid magically back on the motor.

# Star Trek The Motion Pictue
-During the climatic scene outside of the Enterprise (inside of V'ger),
 Kirk, Spock, and McCoy are all wearing jackets with a colored band on
 the sleeve.  Just after the return inside the Enterprise and are back
 on the bridge, the colors (red & blue, I think) on Spock and McCoy are
 swapped.

-The scene of Spock on Vulcan clearly shows two moons hanging in the sky
 despite Spock's statement in the Star Trek episode "Charlie X" that
 Vulcan has no moon.
 
# Star Trek II
-The blood-stain on Kirk's uniform (from Scotty's dying relative) changes
 size & position.
-During the battle in the nebula, Khan pulls debris off of a comrade,
 who says something to him and dies with his eyes open. As Khan leans 
 over him the dead man's eyes briefly follow his face and then close when 
 Khan puts his arms around him.

# Star Trek IV
-In the dinner scene, the candle in the middle of the table changes postion 
 all the time.
-After the President gives his warning, Kirk gets up to talk to Spock.
 You see a boom mike for an instant.

 
# Star Trek V: The Final Frontier
-Well, the whole was a goof when you get down to it, but in the opening
 sequence when Kirk falls off the cliff, Spock catches him before he goes
 splat. Right after he's caught, take a close look at Kirk's shirt. You
 can see at least one part of his shirt puffed out where wires are attached
 to keep Shatner from swaying back and forth.
-Star Fleet Headquarters is in the same time zone as Yosemite, when
 Kirk, Spock and McCoy leave Yosemite it's dark, when there are
 aboard the Enterprise talking to the 'Bob' from Star Fleet it's
 daytime in the background.
-When Spock, McCoy, and Kirk shoot up the accessway aboard the Enterprise while
 attempting to escape Sybok's men note that the decks are numbered.  Also note
 that they seem to pass (I believe it's) deck 52 twice.
 
# Star Wars
-when Ben watches Leia's holographic message, the items placed on the table
 change.
-After Luke buys R5-D4 it explodes. He points to R2-D2 and as Artoo's
 head turns, you see the previous shot of the Jawas prepping R5D4 BEFORE they
 take him away.
-A major consistency point in the movie is C3P0's dent in his
 forehead, which is consistently on one side of his head.  However,
 during the final battle when he and Princess Leia (and several
 others) are looking into that round pool-thing, a couple frames are
 backwards and C3P0 is standing on the wrong side of Leia with the
 dent in the wrong side of his forehead.
-When the stormtroopers break into the control room, one of them bangs his 
 head on the door.
-The shots of the twin stars of Tatooine CLEARLY show them at different
 distances apart in two different shots. Note this is not explained by a
 different time of day as the time between shots is seconds.
-In the trash compactor, Carrie Fisher is anticipating her cue by
 getting ready to lift the metal(?) bar BEFORE the compactor begins to
 close (a good second or two.)
-After Luke destroys the Death Star and lands, Leia runs up to him yelling
 "Luke!". Luke's response is "Carrie!" (as in Carrie Fisher). (some prints only)
-When we are looking from behind the pilot's chair in the Millenium Falcon
 as they go into hyperspace, the actors and the cockpit of the MF are in
 black and white.
-As the film is nearly 15 years old, it is easy to see the cut-outs used
 for the TIE-fighter gel scenes.
-After Vader kills Ben, there's a shot from the docking bay towards Vader. They
 forgot to color in his lightsaber.
-In the final scene, when Luke, Han and Chewie are getting their medals, in the 
 very beginning of the scene some of the Troops lining the aisle are very
 obvious cardboard cutouts.  This doesn't show on video or TV.

# Stateline Hotel
-During the middle of the getaway scene the driver and passenger in the Mustang
 suddenly switch sides in the car, and then switch back.  This is convenient,
 however, as the steering wheel in the Mustang switches too!
 
# The Sting
- In the scene where the FBI guy is talking to Robert Redford in the
 warehouse, at one point he leans forward to speak to RR.  At this
 point the camera is aimed over his shoulder.  The camera angle shifts
 to a full-face shot, in which we see him lean forward again.
 
# Stranger Than Paradise
-Just before the end of the scene where Eva is throwing away the dress, you can
 see a shadow cast by someone stepping in front of the lights.

# Stripes 
-During the part of the film where Harold Ramis stops Bill Murray from 
 deserting, there is a "goof". From one angle, while Murray is laying 
 on the ground with Ramis on top of him, Murray has his pack under 
 his head, while in another angle, it is to his side. 
 
# Sudden Impact
-In the scene where Harry is practicing with his .44 AutoMag, and his partner 
 sneaks up in his car, we get to see the camera, dolly and operator
 reflected in the car window just before the door opens.
 
# Supercarrier
-Aircraft regularly change paint schemes (including serial numbers)
 during flight.
 
# Supergirl
-The posters show her flying over New York City near the Statue of
 Liberty... and the Statue is holding her torch up in her *left* hand.
 
# Superman IV
-When the Statue of Liberty is thrown down on the street, we see it clearly
 fitting easily between two high-rises, and it seems to be only three or
 four stories high.
-Capes of both supermen ruffle when they are on the moon.
 
# Terminator
-In the scene where Arnold goes to kill Sarah in her apartment (but
 ends up killing her roommate), her roommate accidentally knocks the
 phone off the table (you can see and hear this).  Shortly after,
 the phone rings.
-After Arnie says "I'll Be Back", the clerk looks up to see headlights coming at
 him. When we see the front of the car, the headlights are OFF.
-Also in the scene inside the police station.  A guy steps out of a
 doorway to shoot at Arni and gets blown away.  The camera is
 positioned at the bottom of the floor at the foot of the dead cop.
 Arni walks past and turns to the door on the left and blows some cops
 away.  Watch real close and you'll see the "dead" cop jump at the
 noise of the gun.
 
# Terminator 2: Judgment Day
-When the camera zooms out of the truck's grill to reveal the scene where
 Arnie is about to materialise, you can see the camera/light rig in the
 truck's bumber.
-In the beginning of the Bike Chase scene: When Arnie turns out from the
 garage and into the street, he gets followed by a red car which in turn
 crashes into another car as a result of Arnie's hazardous left turn. The
 red car is already wrecked BEFORE the collision.
-The Bike Chase: When Arnie shoots the two locked gates to follow the
 chasinging truck, it's the same gate he blows away, shot from different
 angles.
-When the T-1000 flies the tow truck into the gulley, the windows pop
 out as it hits the ground. Next scene: they're still in place.
-The Bike Chase: Sparks emerge from the truck BEFORE it scratches the wall.
-At the car park where Arnie and John have their little tete-a-tete, the
 automatic pistol is cocked and uncocked alternatively.
-Atomic Blast Scene: I didn't know skeletons needed wires to hold together.
-Sarah's Escape: When she knocks down the guard (or what ever) he bleeds
 on the floor. Next time we see the floor, the blood's gone.
-Sarah's Escape: The T1000 fires >26 round into the elevator from his guns.
-The Bike Chase: John stops and waits for the truck to drive down from
 the bridge. When he turns, he's wearing a moustace (better check that again
 I think).
-When John tries to ease Sarah down because she nearly killed Dyson, his
 watch shows different hours from 10:35 to 12.
-When Arnie takes the teargas gun it is half empty. When he steps outside to
 fire it, magically it's full again.
-On their escape from Sky Net, the SWAT truck has its right backdoor open.
 But all subsequent shots of the truck show its left back door open.
-The Truck Chase: When the SWAT truck tilts over on the bridge, its front
 window is thrown out and smashed. When we see the N2-truck pass by, the
 front window is almost intact and back in place.
-When Arnie is thrown from the Cryoco truck, you can CLEARLY see the
 wires.

# Thelma and Louise
- In the scene in the bar, Geena Davis's glass of coke is delivered full, she
 picks it up and it is half empty.  Then she puts in down, and it is 3/4 full
 again.  Also, she takes a large drink from her shot glass, and in the next shot
 we see her sipping from a full glass.
- When Thelma shoots the 'air-holes' in the police car's trunk, she
 does so at roughly a 45-degree angle. Later when we see a closeup of
 the holes they are perfect circles, as though they were drilled
 (or the gun was fired straight down at the trunk).
 
# That Was Then, This Is Now
-At the end of the film, the protagonist (not Estevez) gets off a bus to visit
 his girlfriend at work (behind the counter in a hospital cafe).
 The shot looks out the hospital doors as the bus pulls up and
 the protagonist climbs off.  The buses marquee clearly reads
 "Chartered".
 
# Those Magnificent Men in their Flying Machines
-The scene with the train: in the background, right in the center of some 
 shots, are those concrete towers typical of nuclear power stations...
 
# Three Men and a Baby
-About 60 mins into the movie, Ted Danson is showing off the baby to
 his mother. The camera pans across a window, and you see a cardboard
 cutout of Danson's character
 
# Thriller (Michael Jackson):
-As he's walking with his girlfriend and singing (after they leave the movie
 house) you'll see the shadow of the camera cart in view.
 
# Thunderbolt and Lightfoot
-In the scene where they're hitchhiking, and the crazy guy with the rabbits in
 the trunk picks them up, when the car crashes you can see one of the
 rear wheels come off and roll away from the crash.  They drive the car away
 shortly thereafter...
 
# Time Bandits.  
-The scene where the bandits are trapped in the cage
 by "Evil" over what appears to be a bottomless chasm.  They make their
 escape by cutting small strips of rope off of the support rope and
 makeing a long rope from the fragments.  Then, one of the bandits is
 lowered out of the cage and is swung up to the next cage.  During the 
 scene where they are trying to get the swing high enough for the 
 guy on the end of the rope to grab ahold of the other cage, you can
 easily see the floor of whatever set they are on.  The bandit appears
 to be only a few feet off the floor.   Oops...
 
# Top Gun
-At the beginning, an officer comes in and says Good morning, which means
 Maverick meets the MiG in the morning.  However, at the end of the fight,
 they trap at the carrier and it is NIGHT!  Gee, must have been about a
 12 hour fight.
-At the beginning, Stinger (the bald guy from Back to the Future, James Tolkan)
 has a slew of ribbons on his chest that disappear, reappear then disappear.
-The armament of the F-14s change in midair a lot of times during the movie.
-When Merlin says, "we're running low on gas", he taps the fuel guage.  Unfor-
 tunately, the fuel guage tapped is in the front cockpit, and Merlin is in the
 REAR.
-Near the beginning of the film, when Maverick is going to land on the
 carrier, but then decides to go rescue Cougar, who has been shaken up
 by the Migs, his tail hook has been lowered for the carrier approach.
 As he decides to abort the landing, his tailhook has been retracted!
 (This was obviously to prevent the F-14 from inadvertantly catching
 a wire as it did a touch and go on the carrier deck)
-When Charlie is giving Maverick a pep talk in the airport bar, Maverick's
 ice water gets more ice in it as the scene progresses!!
-When Maverick (as Alert5 aircraft) is launched to help Iceman in the
 climatic battle near the end of the movie, he is more than 110 miles from
 Iceman.  Once he goes supersonic, he says "Maverics supersonic, I'll be
 there in 30 seconds."  Well, supersonic is about 730 mph, so it would take
 the airplane at least 9 minutes to go 110 miles!!!  Even at the F-14's
 maximum speed (around Mach 2), it would still take 4 1/2 minutes!!!
-When Iceman is shot at, he gets hit near the cockpit, yet the engine catches
 fire and they say they were hit in the right engine.
-At the end of the movie when maverick lands on the deck after shooting 
 down all the baddies, Slider(iceman's partner) picks maverick up sort of 
 bear hug style. Well before he picks him up maverick doesn't have his 
 sunglasses on, but when he has been lifted up they have magically 
 appeared on his face! If you don't believe me check it out!!
 
# The Town that Dreaded Sundown (Ben Johnson)
-Near the end of the movie, during the climactic chase, on foot,
 the killer manages to run in front of a freight train and put
 it between himself and his pursurers.  A long shot shows train
 and characters running and then close shots from the train show 
 the characters running along side.  In the long shot, the 
 camera used in the close shots (and the camera man) can be seen
 on a flatcar.
 
# Total Recall 
-In the 'elevator' scene, Richter and his men are running to the elevator...
 past a blue screen.
-Just after Arnie has killed his first four he goes back to his apartment and
 talks to his wife.  He places boths hands on either side of her head and
 pretty much immediately afterwards he shows her his blood covered hands.
 She doesn't of course have any blood on her face! (NB. This may not be
 a goof, but a clue to show that Arnie is only dreaming. That's the
 continuity man's story anyway...)
-Doug has the hologram when inside the alien nuclear reactor, and a bunch of bad
 guys encircle the holographic image and fire upon it at point blank with
 automatic weapons- and guess what- not one bad guy gets hit!  If they encircled
 the 3D image, at least a few bad guys would have been hit by their own men.
-In the last scene in the movie, Arnie and his Dream Girl are kissing, the
 camera pulls back to show the Martian landscape... except for the lop left
 hand side of the screen where the clips holding the back projection screen
 are visible (may not be visible if the projector is not lined up right).
-guns magically appear to be either close-range blunderbuss weapons or highly
 accurate longer-ranged weapons, whichever is needed
-incredible speed and windlessness of the re-atmosphering of the entire planet
 
# Tremors
-As the camera is panning up the side of Michael Gross' and Reba McEntire's
 "fortress", it goes past a window. In the window you can make out a
 reflection of some guy standing on the ground nearby wearing a red hat
 and white shorts. Due to the nature of the plot at this point, it is safe
 to say that he *ISN'T* supposed to be there.
-(Near the end of the movie) As one of the brave men makes a run for it, 
 you can see the ground beneath his feet WOBBLE as if he had run across a 
 ditch covered by a piece of plywood.  Oops, now we know how they did the 
 mechanical effects for the underground monsters :-)
 
# True Stories
-David Byrne is cruising around in his jumbo red convertible. His rearview
 mirror is present in the interior shots but removed for shots through
 the windshield. Very common in movie scenes where a car is driven.
 
# Twins
-During a conversation between Arnold Schwarzenegger and Danny
 DeVito in a bar restroom, a bottle of beer shifts from one
 towel dispensor to another.
 
# The Two Jakes
-Although the film is set in 1948, Jack Nicholson strolls past
 an automatic teller machine.
 
# 2001
 (Loads of 'technical' goofs, relating to vacuums, weightlessness
 and space physics. These would not be noticed by most people. Here's
 some of the more obvious ones to keep the 2001 fans at bay:-)
-The rotating space station changes its direction of rotation three times.
-Stars in the background drift slowly past the spaceship.
-The hibernating astronauts are shown lying in different positions at
 different times.
-as Dave Bowman climbs into HAL's logic center to shut him off, the seal on his
 suit's left hand is hanging open.
 
# The Untouchables
-When Sean Connery is talking to Kevin Costner in his (Connery's)
 room, Connery's shirt collar alternates between being buttoned and 
 and unbuttoned in the several shots of that scene.
-When the knife-man is sneaking into Sean Connery's apartment, there is a POV
 shot as the camera approaches a window.  The camera and cameraman are clearly
 reflected in the window.  (He is wearing a white shirt and a red cap, as I 
 recall.)
 
# The Viking Queen
-One of the characters in this 1st Century AD epic is clearly wearing a
 wristwatch.
 
# Wall Street
-As the movie opens, it tells us that it is set in 1985.  A few minutes
 later, Charlie Sheen's coworker makes a remark about how bad the stock
 market was after the Challenger blew up.  The Challenger disaster was in
 1986.
 
# War Games
-The General yells "Send out the F-15's", and footage shows F-16's
 taking off.

# Water
-Near the end of movie : When Ms. Baxter speaks to her husband by megaphone her
 voice sounds equally amplified albeit the distance between mouth and
 microphone ranges from 10 to 60 cm.

# Weekend at Bernie's. 
-In one of the scenes where the two guys are trying to deal with Bernie's 
 corpse inside his house, Jonathan Silverman is alternately barefooted and 
 wearing shoes every 2 seconds, as we switch from medium to long shot.  
 Fire that continuity person!
 
# When Harry Met Sally 
-When leaving from the Univ. of Chicago to drive to NYC at the beginning
 of the movie, the Chicago skyline is shown.  The Univ. of Chicago is
 South of downtown Chicago, and the way to leave for NYC is South/Southeast.
 (unless you want to drive through Wisconsin and Upper Michigan:-)
-Harry says "I'll open the window" and does so immediately.  The next shot shows
 the outside of the car and the window is closed.  The next shot is inside the
 car and he spits grape seeds out the window directly at the camera!
 
# Who Framed Roger Rabbit
- In one scene, Judge Doom is walking towards Eddie Valiant, and we can see
 that there are some ping-pong balls in front of him.  In the reverse angle
 shot, the balls have disappeared.

# The Witches of Eastwick
-Watch carefully near the end of the movie when Susan Sarandon falls
 off the balcony. Just before she hits the floor you can see the
 wires holding her up.

# The Wizard Of Oz
-In the wonderful dance scene where Dorothy meets the Scarecrow, 
 you will notice her hair length change quite a few times.
-The wire holding the Lion's tale is visible during his solo
 "If I Were King of the Forest".
-After the "Off to See the Wizard" song, when Dorothy waves goodbye
 to all the munchkins, look behind her at the yellow brick broad stretching
 off into the distance.  This scene is obviously painted on a wall; you
 can see a line where the wall meets the floor.
-As they prepare to skip down the road in the closing shot, look
 in the woods in the far background. You can see a person scrouching
 down, possibly a camera man. He can be seen twice clearly.
 
# Working Girl
-Once scene has Melanie Griffith stepping off a bus wearing panty-hose.  In a
 subsequent scene, they have changed color.
-Check me on this -- does the financial shark/love interest remove the
 usual forest of pins from that brand-new shirt when he changes clothes
 in the office?
 
# The Wrong Box
-The Victorian-age London houses have TV antennae on them.
 
# Xanadu
-An early scene in the movie has Gene Kelly at the beach sitting
 on a rock, playing his clarinet, as the sun rises over the 
 (Pacific) ocean. (No, it wasn't Australia.)
 
# Young Guns
-Twice in the film, one character calls another a "geek." (I can't remember
 who the offenders were)  "Geek" was a word back then, I believe, but it was
 used as a term for a side-show freak, not a general insult.
 
# Zulu
-In this reenactment of the 1879 stand at Rorke's Drift, several of the
 Zulu warriors are wearing the wrist watches the extras had been paid with.
 
===========================================================================
"We seek peaceful coexistance!"		      |		 Mike
"Yeah, and monkeys will fly outa my butt!"    |	  meg5184@hertz.njit.edu
===========================================================================
		Wayne's World: The Next Generation...NOT!
===========================================================================
