                    Twin Peaks 1990 season summary
                            Jim Gorman
                     With help from Don Wiedman

List of characters, actors who plays the part and summary of who they
are:

 F.B.I. Agent Dale Cooper (Kyle MacLachlan)  Uses Tibetan Buddhist
techniques to manipulate clues.  Trusts in Dream type clues.  Loves
(is addicted to) coffee, donuts, huckleberry pie and the like.  He is
shot in the very last scene of very last episode at 4:37 a.m. as he is
dictating to "Diane" in his cassette dictaphone.

 Albert "and his team" Rosenfield  (Miguel Ferrer)  FBI forensic
expert called in by Cooper.  Looks and talks like Sargent Joe Friday
from Dragnet.  Nasty personality.

 Sheriff Harry S. Truman (Michael Ontkean)  Sheriff of Twin Peaks.
Having an affair with Josie Packard.

 Deputy Andy Brennan (Harry Goaz)  In love with secretary Lucy Moran,
and may have gotten her pregnant.  He shoots Jacques Renaud at One
Eyed Jacks.

 Deputy "Hawk" (Michael Horse)  American Indian who seems to agree
with Agent Hooper's trust in the mystical.  Did he shoot Leo Johnson
In the last episode?

 Shelly Johnson (Madchen Amick) Married to Leo.  She finds his bloody
shirt.  She is having an affair with Bobby Briggs which Leo knows
about.

 Leo Johnson (Eric DaRe)  Trucker.  Married to Shelley.  Abusive to
her. His truck seems to appear in an ad in "Fleshworld" found in
Laura's saftey deposit box (see clues).  Among the many clues that
convince us that Leo's the chief suspect, Agent Cooper breaks a
bottle with a rock when the throw of the rock was designated for Leo.
According to Cooper, this Tibetan connection between soul and body
means that Leo killed Laura.  Leo is connected by drugs to Bobby,
Mike, Jacques, Laura, Hank Jennings, and possibly a host of others.
Leo sets fire to mill and ties up his wife, Shelley inside.  Two
birds. . . . etc.
He is shot in last episode by Agent Hawk(?) just before he is able
to axe Bobby Briggs.  Though the shooting is shady since there are
no other cops around and Hawk doesn't report it.

 Mike Nelson (Gary Hershberger) Blonde guy.  Bobby's best friend
and Donna's "boyfriend" ("I sure know how to pick 'em" she tells Ed
Hurley).  He's been abusive to Donna.

 Bobby Briggs  (Danna Ashbrook) Laura's boyfriend, though not her one
and only (see James Hurley and Doc Jacoby).  Not a real nice guy.  Son
of a military lifer (that would screw up anyone).  Last seen with Laura
the night before till 9:30.  Had a fight with her.  Football player in
H.S.  Agent Cooper is convinced that he didn't do it.  He is currently
having an affair with Shelley Johnson.

 Major Briggs (Don Davis)  Bobby's father. Military lifer, with that
way of looking at the world.

 Betty Briggs (Charlotte Stewart) Bobby's Mom.

 Josie Packard (Joan Chen) Wife of the late Andrew Packard.  Inherited
the mill that Andrew founded.  May have had Andrew done in by Hank
Jennings who went to prison on a lesser charge in a deal with her.  She
is at odds with Andrew's sister, Catherine Martell.  Carrying on an
affair with Sheriff Harry S. Truman, Ben Horne and possibly Hank
Jennings (very busy).  Was tutored in English by Laura. A possible "J."

 Catherine Martell (Piper Laurie) Sister of Twin Peaks founder, Andrew
Packard.  He built the saw mill, but left it to his wife, Josie.
Catherine runs the mill.  Evidently keeps two sets of ledgers.  Has
ongoing affair with Ben Horne (who else?).  Catherine rescues Shelley
Johnson from fire in mill set by Leo.  She (Catherine) went there
because of a mysterious phone call.

 Pete Martell (Jack Nance) Wife of Catherine in what can be called a
"stormy" relationship.  He really runs the mill.  He was a lumberjack
that rich Catherine fell in love with 20 some years ago.

 Benjamine Horne (Richard Beymer) Owner of the Great Northern Hotel.
Is interested in expanding his empire.  May have set up Leo to torch
the mill so that he could buy the land cheap to build his dream
"Ghostwood Estates and Country Club."  Has several active affairs going.
Patronizes "One Eyed Jacks" a brothel and Casino across the Canadian
border.

 Sylvia Horne (Jan D'Arcy)  Ben's long-suffering wife.

 Audrey Horne (Sherilyn Fenn) H.S. classmate of Laura.  Daughter of Ben
Horne.  Pretty nutty.  Attracted to Agent Cooper -- may see him as her
ticket out of Twin Peaks.  She decides to go "undercover" as a prosti-
tute at "One Eyed Jacks."  Her father walks in to her room in  the last
episode saying, "Let's take a look at this new girl!"

 Jerry Horne (David Patrick Kelly) Ben's brother. Goes with Ben to see
the "new girls" at "One Eyed Jacks."  He loses the toss of the coin
with Ben to try out the new wares.  A possible "J" see DIARY in clues.

 Johnny Horne (Robert Bauer) Ben and Sylvia's son -- Audrey's brother.
Wears an Indian War Bonnet atthe dinner table.  Laura Tutored Johnny
in special ed.  A possible "J." see DIARY in clues.

 Dr. Will Hayward (Warren Frost) Donna's father.  Nice guy.

 Eileen Hayward (Mary Jo Deschanel) Donna's Mother.

 Donna Hayward (Lara Flynn Boyle) Laura's best friend.  Daughter of Dr.
Hayward.  Mike's reluctant girlfriend.  Turns out to fall in love with
James Hurley at end of first episode.

 Dr. Lawrence Jacoby (Russ Tamblyn) Laura's psychiatrist who could use
some in-depth work himself.  A possible "J" see DIARY in clues.  Agent
Cooper's rock (see Leo) struck and knocked over the milk bottle, but
did not break it when the rock was designated for Jacoby.  Seems to
have had more than a "client" relationship with Laura.  He is led by
someone (Madeline?) to the site (Easter Park) where the VIDEO is shot
(see clues) and there is beaten badly.

 Leland Palmer (Ray Wise) The Deceased's Father.  Leland Pretty much
stays off-center after his daughter's death.  Likes to dance with his
daughter's picture.  Smothers Jacques Renaud to death (?) in last
episode.

 Sarah Palmer (Grace Zabriskie) Laura's mom.

 Laura Palmer (Sheryl Lee)  The Deceased.  Into drugs, possibly prosti-
tution, sex magazine kinkiness.  Also has a warm and cuddly side to her.
Helped organize a meals-on-wheels program with Norma Jennings and
tutored Johnny Horne in special ed. and Josie Packard in English.
Queen of the Prom or some such thing.

 Madeleine Ferguson (Sheryl Lee) Laura's look-alike cousin who appears
mid-season and joins with Donna and James to solve the case.

 Ronette Pulaski (Phoebe Augustine)  Daughter of mill worker Janic
Pulaski.  Found the day after the murder walking on a bridge wearing
only her slip.  Had been raped a number of times.  H.S. classmate of
Laura's but sherriff Harry says,"As far as we know, they hardly knew
each other."  (See clues).

 James Hurley (James Marshall) Last person to see Laura.  He may be "J"
in DIARY (see clues).  He is also a "Biker."  He and Donna are a number
by the end of the first show.  He tells Donna that Laura screamed that
loved James just before she ran off into the night.  James just rode
around for the rest of the night.  He has no alibi.  James' dad died
when he was 10.

 Ed Hurley (Everett McGill) James' uncle.  Owner of "Big Ed's Gas Farm"
He is married to a crazy woman, Nadine.  Ed seems to be carrying on with
Hank's Jenning's wife, Norma.

 Nadine Hurley (Wendy Robie) Ed's wife who is intent on inventing a
silent drapery runner.  She wears a patch over her left eye. She
commits or attempts suicide in last episode.

 Lucy Moran (Kimmy Robertson) secretary of the Twin Peaks police Dept.
provider of coffee and donuts.  She seems to be pregnant by Officer
Andy.

 Norma Jennings (Peggy Lipton) Owner of the diner where Shelley Johnson
works.  Married to Hank, though not enthusiastically so. A possible "J"
see DIARY in clues.

 Hank Jennings (Chris Mulkey) Just released from jail on a manslaughter
charge.  Seems to have an "Agreement" with Josie Packard by which he
did away with Josie's husband, Andrew, in a "boating accident."  He
pleaded to a lesser charge of some sort in exchange for $90,000 cash
from Josie.  He also said to Leo, "I told you to mind the store, not
to start your own franchise."  All around bad guy. A real possible "J"
(see DIARY in clues).

 Little Man From Another Planet (Michael Anderson) Dwarf in dream.
See Dream sequence in clues below.

 The Log Lady (Catherine Coulson) Log in her arms is an eye witness to
the murder.  Agent Cooper is invited to ask the log who the murderer is.
He is dumbfounded by the request and she says, "I thought so."

 Jacques Renaud: Leo's partner.  Confesses to participating in the tor-
ture of Laura that night.  He is Canadian Drug Connection.  Says that
the US salesperson is "Some high school kid that's all I know." (Cooper
gets this info by posing as Leo's financier).  Leo says he passed out
and "Leo and the Girls (Ronette and Laura) were gone."  Knows nothing
about the Train cars (scene of the murder).  A possible "J" (see diary
in clues)

 One-Armed Man (Al Strobel) See clues.

 "Killer Bob" (Frank Silva) seen in dreams (Coopers and Sarah
Leland's)  He says: "I will kill again."

 Blackie (Victoria Caitlin) Evidently the Madam of "One Eyed Jack's"
the Casino and brothel across the Canadian Border.

 Diane: Only spoken to on cassette
_____________________________________________________________________
                               CLUES

 DIARY: Feb. 23, Last entry.  "Nervous about meeting 'J' tonight."
     Key to saftey deposit box found on an earlier page (see below)
     A white residue found there as well.
 FINGERNAIL:  Letter "R" found under the third fingernail of right
     hand.  No letter was found under the fingernail of Ronette
     Pulaski.  Such a letter was found under the same fingernail of
     one Thersa Banks, killed a year earlier.
 VIDEO:  Shows Laura and Donna having a good time in the woods.  In
     a close up of Laura's eye we see the front headlight of a
     motorcycle.
 MURDER SCENE:  Abandoned railway area.  Mound of dirt a foot and a
     half high.  Gold medallion of a half a heart.  James has other
     half.  He and Donna bury it, but it is recovered by someone at
     end of first episode [Dr. Jacoby?]
     Half burned newsprint with a message printed in blood: FIRE
               WALK WITH ME.
SAFTEY DEPOSIT BOX: "Fleshworld" magazine found with Ronnette Pulaski
     featured in an Ad.  Another ad has a truck in it.  Camera then
     fades to Leo's truck.
     $10,000 in cash "a lot of girl scout cookies," says agent Cooper.
     This is one half of the dope money that Bobby was supposed to hand
     over to Leo.
BLOODY SHIRT:  Shelley Johnson finds Leo's bloody shirt while doing his
     laundry.  He is furious when he finds it missing and comences to
     beating Shelley (the first time).  Later beats her for having an
     affair with Bobby.  Fun guy.  Jacques says that he used Leo's
     shirt to stop the bleeding from Laura's neck wound made by the
     pecking of Waldo the Parrot.
WALDO: Parrot who is shot, but before being shot, it is recorded as
     saying, "No Leo, No."  According to Jacques, the parrot was there
     the night of Laura's torture and death.  Laura was into some kinky
     stuff that involved torture.
CASSETTE: Laura makes a cassette for Dr. Jacoby.  James and Donna break
     in and get it.  James concludes from it that "someone with a red
     corvette killed Laura."  Cassette was recorded "Thursday the 23rd."
     "James is sweet." (crying) "I should have met you a long time ago."
POKER CHIP: A piece of the chip is missing. Jacques says that it was
     placed in Laura's mouth while Waldo pecked at her neck.  Leo
     said, "Bite the bullet, baby."
ONE ARMED MAN: A One armed man was seen sneaking around the Intensive
     care unit where Ronette is in a coma.
WALDO THE PARROT:  Waldo is shot through a window.  Just before he is
     shot,he is recorded as squawking "Leo, no!"  See Jacques Renaud
     above.

DREAM:

     Cooper looks older in his dream.  Shivering Dwarf calls to Laura
and she comes down stairs.  Switch to man with beard who uses phrase
"Fire Walk with Me."  A guy (Killer Bob) who is at what looks like
the scene of the crime calls out to "Mike."  Then says, "I will kill
again."

     There is a pile of earth with a circle of extinquished candles
around it.

     Back to dwarf:  He is on sofa with Laura look alike.  The L. Look
alike touches her nose while looking at agent Cooper and smiles.  A
shadow crosses the drapes behind them.  Dwarf says, "I've got good
news. That gum you like is going to come back in style.  She's my
cousin [referring to Laura look alike].  But doesn't she look exactly
like Laura? She is filled with secrets.  Where we're from the birds
sing a pretty song and there's music in the air."

     Dwarf dances while Laura [l.a.] crosses room to kiss agent Cooper and
then whisper in his ear.  He wakes up and calls Harry S. Truman to get him
to meet for breakfast, "I know who killed Laura Palmer."

                                                                                              