
                  An Alternate System for AD&D

Forward:

     This began as an attempt to "fix" the AD&D system to make it
playable.  I soon found this task to be impossible, without
trashing almost everything in the system and starting from scratch. 
The obsolete concept of "class" with it's built in restrictions
(weapons, armor, spell, skills... the list goes on and on) was
unacceptable.  It is obvious to most people that a skill based
system has many advantages over a class based one, and I for one
was happy to see AD&D ver. 2 "take a step in the right direction"
by adding non-weapon proficiencies.  However, a half step can cause
a fall, and the current NWP system gives some "feel" of a skill
based system while still holding ardently to it's class based
roots.  The obvious solution?  Play something skill based (GURPS,
for example).

Goals:

     I set out making changes in the system with a few goals in
mind.  First, I felt that the current magic system had too much of
a tendency for low level spellcasters to be "johnny one shots"
(cast one spell and be done for the day).  Higher level spell
casters had quite a large selection of spells and were quite
powerful, but had no flexibility.  The level 19 mage (for example)
could still only cast 5 magic missiles before being finished for
the day.  The increased effect of spells (such as fireball) with
level without any additional cost to the caster also bothered me.
     Second, I detested the weapons and armor restrictions.  Why
can't a mage wield a sword?  Gandalf did.  [The astute student will
at this point realize that these restrictions had to be imposed for
some "balance" in the game--a limitation of the class based
system].  Why can't the rogue use a long bow and wear plate armor
(if they want to, that is)?
     Lastly, I didn't like the hit point system.  The system itself
describes hit points as a combination of luck and physical
punishment potential.  [Note that this may not be true, as I
haven't bothered to track that exact quote down].  This is
obviously a pseudo-justification left over from the war gaming days
of D&D.
     The next several sections will describe the changes that I 
have made in the hit point system, the weapons/armor restrictions,
and lastly (and longest) the magic system.

                      Health and Hit Points

     All characters and monsters now have two categories of hit
points.  The first is their physical damage potential, or health. 
The second is their accumulated luck, or luck points.

     The health of a character is exactly equal to their
constitution.  Use the following rules to generate health scores
for monsters whose constitution is not known.  Roll an appropriate
number of dice depending on the size of the creature.  Tiny:  1d6;
Small:  2d6; Medium:  3d6; Large:  6d6;  Huge:  9d6;  Gargantuan: 
12d6.  Note that this is not intended to represent the constitution
of the creature in general.
     The luck of a character is given by their hit dice or level,
and is exactly equal to their hit points under the old system.  All
damage comes first from these luck points and represents small
scratches, bruises and the like.  For example:  a third level
fighter with a 17 constitution would have a health score of 17, and
3d10+9 luck points (fighters still gain higher amounts of luck
points in combat due to high constitution, while other classes do
not).

Negative Health Scores:

     When a character reaches zero health, they fall to the ground
barely conscious.  They are able to crawl at 1", bind wounds, or
drink potions, but little else if they make a successful willpower
check (roll under wisdom+current health on d20).  The check must be
made each round.  For example, the fighter above takes a massive
wound bringing his health to -3.  He must roll under his wisdom -
3 to remain conscious that round.  
     Unlike regular AD&D, characters do not die at -10 health. 
Instead, when the character finally receives aid (from a priest,
for example), they must take their current health and divide it by
their maximum health (round all fractions up).  A successful roll
on the system shock table (equate maximum health to constitution
for finding system shock roll, and add 5% for each point above 25)
divided by the number above will not result in loss of life.  Say
that the fighter above reaches -26 health (for whatever reason)
before a priest can attend to him.  He must roll 97% divided by 2
(26/17=2), which is 49% or less on percentile.  Regardless of
health, a character will die at -5*maxhealth.

Berserkers:

     If a creature has gone berserk (for whatever reason) they will
fight until all enemies are dead, or they have died.  They do not
have to make a willpower roll, but will fight until they are dead,
i.e. at -5*maxhealth.  This makes berserkers (and cursed items that
cause berserking) much more deadly.

Healing:

     Since luck points are not really wounds, I allow healing
magics of all sorts to act doubly on them (1 point of healing heals
2 points of luck).  Optionally, you could disallow healing magic to
work on them, but regenerate them at a rate of 5 points per day
(the phrase "push your luck" comes to mind).  Any method is
acceptable, depending on your game setting and GM's preference.

                 Armor and Weapons Restrictions

     The obvious fix for armor and weapons was to free all classes
from any sort of restrictions.  Note that priests may still be
restricted by their particular deity and wizards in metal armor
will have a chance of spell failure based on the amount of metallic
content.  I still allow priests who worship the major (king,
father/mother, etc.) god of the pantheon to take the standard
cleric package (without any weapons/armor restrictions) given in
the PHB.

     Use the following table to determine a wizard's chance of
spell failure:
     
     Armor Type                    Casting Penalty
     Hide, Padded, Leather                      0%
     Ring Mail, Studded Leather                10%
     Elven Chain *                             15%
     Scale, Brigandine                         25%
     Chain                                     40%
     Splint                                    50%
     Plate                                     60%
     Field Plate                               75%
     Full Plate                                90%
     Shields,
          Buckler                               0%
          Small or Medium                       5%
          Body                                 10%

* - The casting penalty for Elven chain may be reduced if the     
    character is a wizard or a priest.  The penalty for a wizard
    or priest with a bond item is 0%.

Values for shield and armor are cumulative.  For each magic plus of
a suit of armor, subtract 5% from the penalty.  Note that priestly
magic is not affected by the presence of metals about the body. 
For example, a mage in plate +5, with body shield +3 would have:

     (60% - 25%) + (10% - 10%) = 35% chance of failure

The penalty for a shield or armor may never go below zero.

                              Magic

Spell Points:

     The magic system now uses spell points.  When a spellcaster
casts a spell, they pay for the casting in magic points.  The base
number of magic points that the caster pays is given by the formula
below.

     base number of points =  (spell level)*3 - 2

This determines the base cost of the spell, cast at the level that
the spellcaster is required to be to initially cast the spell.  A
spellcaster can "boost" the effects of the spell by putting an
additional magic point per level desired into the spell (up to the
level of the character).  
     For example, a mage must be 5th level to case fireball, and
the base cost for the spell is 7 magic points.  If a 9th level mage
wishes to cast a fireball at 7th level, the cost would be an
additional 2 points for a total of 9 magic points.  The caster
could have put 4 additional points into the spell (instead of 2)
and cast it at 9th level for a cost of 11 magic points.

     The number of spell points per level for the various classes
is given below:

   Level   Priest   Wizard   Ranger  Paladin     Bard
       1        2        2        -        -        -
       2        4        4        -        -        2
       3        8        8        -        -        4
       4       14       14        -        -        8
       5       24       22        -        -       10
       6       30       28        -        -       14
       7       38       40        -        -       20
       8       52       54        2        -       24
       9       68       64        4        2       30
      10       86       78        8        4       38
      11      106      102       12        8       44
      12      130      132       18       12       52
      13      148      156       20       18       62
      14      180      170       26       20       70
      15      198      188       30       28       80
      16      222      230       36       38       94
      17      254      260       36       44      112
      18      296      278       36       44      130
      19      302      294       36       52      138
      20      330      324       36       60      160

You might note that the number of spell points is simply the number
of spell levels a caster could cast at a given level (in the
original system) times two.

Overcasting spells:

     It is possible for a spellcaster to cast a spell that costs
more than they have in current magic points.  This is called
overcasting a spell.  When a spell is overcast, the extra points
come directly from the casters health points (i.e. they are
physically damaged by the overcasting of the spell).  You may wish
to impose some form of penalty for overcasting spells (higher
failure, willpower check, etc.).

Spell Point Recovery:

     Spell points are recovered at a constant rate per hour.  This
rate depends on the prime requisite of the spellcaster (wizard or
priest only), and the availability of mana in the region.  The base
rates for a "normal" mana area are given below:

     Points         Activities
          0         Heavy work, Combat, etc.
          1         Light work, Heavy activity (running, etc.)
          2         Light activity (walking, etc.)
          3         Rest, Relaxing activity (study, etc.)
          4         Sleep

Wizards and priests with prime requisites above 14 add one point to
the above totals.  Exceptionally high scores (above 18) may also
add to the recovery rate.  Other spellcasters do not gain this
bonus (paladins, rangers, bards and the like).

     Five categories of manna areas exist:  very high, high,
normal, low, and none.  In "very high" manna areas, the recovery
rate is as it is in "high", plus one point per hour, and the cost
of spells is halved (round down).  In "high" manna areas, the
recovery rate is doubled (per hour) and the cost of spells is
reduced by one point (i.e. 1st level spells cost the same as
cantrips:  0).  In "low" manna areas, the recovery rate is halved
(rates above are for every two hours) and the cost of spells is
increased by one point.  In areas where there is no mana, all
spellcasters lose 1 magic point per hour to the surroundings,
spells cost double, and no mana is recovered.

     For example, a wizard with an IQ of 16 in a very high manna
area, who is sleeping has a rate of 4 (sleep) + 1 (high prime
requisite) times 2 (very high manna area) + 1 (very high manna
area) = 11 points per hour.  It is very beneficial for powerful
wizards and priest to build strongholds in these areas.  In
addition, a 9th level spell would cost 12 points!

Spell Memorization:

     All spellcasters can memorize a number of spell levels equal
to their effective level plus their wisdom (if they cast priest
spells), or intelligence (if they cast wizard spells).  This forces
spellcasters to choose a good selection of midrange spells at
higher levels, while allowing lower level spellcasters to know a
wide range of spells.  Rarely will a spellcaster keep greater than
6th level spells in memory.  Spell memorization takes only 15
minutes per spell level to replace spells in memory.  No rest is
required (other than regeneration of spell points).

Bond Items:

     A wizard or priest may bond an object to themselves (other
spellcasters cannot make a bond object), which will increase the
number of spell levels a character may memorize.  For the wizard
this item must be organic (i.e. once have lived).  It is typically
a wand of wood or bone, or a staff of wood (hence the stereotype of
a wizard with a staff).  For the priest the item will be an
excellent quality holy symbol.  The bonding process takes 1 week of
constant attention by the spellcaster, putting 1 spell point per
waking hour into the item.  This activity counts as light work for
the purpose of spell point recovery.  After one week, the item is
ready for the final enchantment.  The spellcaster pours all of
their remaining magic points into the item.  The caster then must
roll under the number of magic points that they poured into the
item on a d100.  A successful roll indicates that the item has
bonded to the caster.  A roll of 100 always fails.  The caster then
may memorize an additional number of spell levels equal to one half
their level, rounded up.  Only one such item may be bonded to a
character at a time.
     A bond item may be intentionally destroyed.  A priest may
strike a single foe with their bond item, destroying the item.  The
foe will take 6d6 damage + 1 point damage per level of the user. 
If the creature struck is extraplanar (i.e. summoned) it must save
vs. spells, or return to it's plane of origin.  A wizard may break
his bond item, causing an explosion in a 20 foot radius centered on
the caster.  All creatures in this radius take 6d6 damage plus 2
points damage per level of the user.  Creatures in the area of
effect may not make a saving throw.  If the wizard fails a saving
throw vs. magic, he will take twice the indicated damage, otherwise
the wizard will be unharmed.  In most cases a bond item will be
destroyed when the bond with the caster is broken.  A spellcaster
that intentionally breaks a bond item may not bond another item for
a period of one year.
     A spellcaster that wishes to dissolve their bond with their
bond item may do so, without the one year penalty.  The bond is
dissolved, and the caster immediately loses all spells that were
memorized with the item.  The caster must then wait for a number of
days equal to their level to bond the new item.

Magic Items:

     Several magic items have changed under the new system.  These
are described below.  All items that can be recharged may be
recharged by the appropriate spellcaster by pouring 10 magic points
per charge per hour into the item.  An item cannot be recharged
faster than one charge per hour.


Potion of Mana Restoration:
The entire potion must be consumed in a single round.  If this is
done, the potion restores 3d10+3 magic points.

Potion of Greater Mana Restoration:
This potion may be consumed in thirds, in which case the effect is
as a potion of mana restoration (above).  If the entire potion is
quaffed in a single round, the potion restores 3d10+40 magic
points.

Scrolls:
Scrolls work the same under this system as the previous one.

Ring of Wizardry:
The ring increases the number of spell levels the wizard (and only
a wizard) may memorize.  Roll on the following table to determine
the additional spells available:

      Roll     Additional Spell Levels
     01-70     Level/2 
     71-95     Level
     95-99     3*Level/2
       100     2*Level
     
The level referred to is the character's current level.  The
effects of this ring are cumulative with a bond item.

Rod of Absorption:
This rod works as described in the DMG with regard to absorbing
spells, but will only provide the base cost of a spell to be cast
by the wielder.  If the user wishes to cast the spell at a level
above the base, they must provide the extra magic points.

Staff of the Magi:
Acts as the staff in the DMG, but doesn't absorb spell levels as
described.  Instead, the staff may store 50 magic points which are
available to the caster as if they were the caster's own.  The
staff will absorb spell energy in the form of magic points, instead
of spell levels.  The cost of the staff's functions is doubled and
paid for in spell points, not charges/spell levels.  This item may
be used as a bond item, with double the effect.  Effects of the
retributive strike and bond breaking are cumulative.  Assume that
the current magic points divided by 2 is the current number of
spell levels in the staff for purposes of a retributive strike.

Staff of Power:
This staff is charged, to a maximum of 25 charges, and does not
contain magic points for the wielder to use.  This staff does,
however, increase the rate at which magic points are recovered by
1 point per hour.  In no mana areas, this staff prevents the loss
of magic points to the surroundings.  This item may be used as a
bond item, with double the effect.  Effects of the retributive
strike and bond breaking are cumulative.

Phylactery of Faithfulness:
Acts as described in the DMG, with the additional bonus of letting
the priest memorize additional spell levels, as a ring of wizardry.

Spells:
     Several spells have changed, as noted below.  Note that all
"caps" on maximum dice for a spell (10 dice for a fireball, 5
missles for magic missles, etc.) have been removed, since the extra
power must now be paid for.

Wizard Spells:

Cantrip:
A cantrip costs zero magic points to cast, except in low manna
areas.

Dispel Magic:
If the caster is dispelling his own magic, this spell costs a
single magic point.

Vampiric Touch:
The caster may drain magic points instead of hit points from the
target.  If the target has no magic points, the spell fails.

Anti-Magic Shell:
The shell does not protect against dragon breath.  This is (should
be) a separate sixth level spell.

Limited Wish:
The additional cost of the spell above the base will be determined
by your GM.

Permanency:
The cost of this spell is 500 times the cost of the spell to be
made permanent.  The caster must spend a minimum of 1 hour a day
with the item/area to be enchanted, and must put a minimum of 20
magic points per hour into the enchantment.  At the end of this
time, the spell is made permanent.  If any day is missed, the
enchantment fails.  The caster does not lose a constitution point
from the casting (due to the increased casting time).

Wish:
The additional cost of the spell above the base will be determined
by your GM.

Priest Spells:

Dispel Magic:
If the caster is dispelling his own magic, this spell costs a
single magic point.

Imbue With Spell Ability:
Only one such spell may be active at a time.  The caster imbues the
target as normally.  The caster does not lose the spell levels
imbued to the target!  The target may then cast the spell using the
caster's magic points. 

Raise Dead:
This spell costs the base cost, plus 5 magic points per level of
the dead to be raised.  The casting time is 1 turn per level of the
target plus 1 turn.  This spell may only be used on the recently
dead, up to 1 hour per level of the caster.  The reverse of this
spell takes 1 round to cast, and costs only the base.

Resurrection:
The spell costs the base cost, plus 10 magic points per level of
the dead to be resurrected.  The casting time is 1 hour per level
of the target plus 1 hour.

New Spells:

     Some new spells are described below.

Mana Gradient (1st level priest/wizard, Divination)
Sphere:  All
Range:  10 yards plus 5 yards per level
Components:  V, S
Duration:  2 rounds/level (subject to permanency)
Casting Time:  1
Area of Effect:  caster
Saving Throw:  None

     When this spell is cast, it gives the general direction of
increasing mana concentration within the range of the spell.  This
spell may be used to find locally higher mana areas, but not
necessarily regions of higher manna.  Moving away from the
direction of increasing mana may be used to find locally lower mana
areas.  Optionally, this could be an innate ability of wizards and
(to a lesser extent) priests.

Shape Mana (6th level priest/wizard, Alteration)
Sphere:  All
Range:  0
Components:  V, S
Duration:  1 hour/level (subject to permanency)
Casting Time:  1 hour
Area of Effect:  Special
Saving Throw:  None

     When this spell is cast the caster may locally shape the mana
concentration within the area of effect of the spell.  Certain
areas may be reduced by one category, and a like area increased by
one category.  The area of effect is at most the size of a small
tower or keep, not to exceed 16,000 cubic feet.  Repeated
application of this spell may shift the category by two places, not
to exceed "very high" or fall below "none".  Note that the Mana
Gradient spell is ideally suited to find places that have been
affected by this spell.
