

                       THE BAG O' WONDROUS ITEMS


     This bag, constructed of heavy cloth, is about two feet wide and
four feet long (the size of any large bag or sack). A character who
opens it will find several small, multi-color pebbles inside. The exact
number of pebbles can never be verified by counting or other means.
Even if only one pebbles remains, looking into the bag will reveal many
pebbles.
      If the pebbles are dumped out of the bag, they explode for 5d4
points of damage each. All creatures within a 10 foot radius must
successfully save vs. spell or suffer full damage. To be removed
safely, the pebbles in the bag must be taken out by hand - telekinesis
won't prevent them from exploding, nor will working them out with
tools.
     When a pebble is fully removed from the bag it will transform into
an item (sometimes animated). Roll 1d100 on the table below.
     In every case, the GM may make any adjustments to these results he
feels is appropriate.
     An interesting feature of the bag, is that non-living items may be
placed in the bag. Even if an item seems to big to get into the bag, as
long as a person holds the bag and attempts to put the item in, the
item goes into the bag. An item that goes into the bag becomes a pebble
as described above. A person has the same chance of drawing that
specific pebble out as much as any other item. This feature of the bag
explains how some less wondrous items got into the bag.
     If the bag should every become empty, it will explode causing
10d10 points of damage at ground zero, 9d10 points of damage 10 feet
out, 8d10 point of damage 20 feet out, and so on. The GM may allow
appropriate saving throws if necessary.
     When Detect Magic is cast on the bag, it radiates strongly of
Alteration and Conjuration/Summoning magic. How strong this glow is
depends on the number of items available in the bag. Thus a full bag
would radiate a brilliant glow.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

01.  A parchment that explains that if the bag becomes empty, it will
explode causing cataclysmic damage. It also tells how items can be put
into the bag.

02.  A coin. Roll 1d8 on the following:

     1  Bronze Bit                 5  Steel Piece
     2  Copper Penny               6  Silver Piece
     3  Electrum Piece             7  Gold Piece
     4  Platinum  Piece            8  Adamantite Piece

03.  A T-800 101 series Terminator. Information on it can be found in
the "Terminator" section of THE COMPLETE GUIDE TO TECHNOLOGY.

04.  A Buffalo Bills Super Bowl ring... wait a minute... its actually a
plain tin curse ring that bestows a -3 penalty to hit and to damage.

05.  A small piece of parchment with one of the following message:
"I.O.U. one magic-item."

06.  A wicker basket full of radishes, the love of hobbits.

07.  A spellbook of the GM's favorite spells; preferably spells not in
TSR products so they will be unfamiliar to the players.

08.  A gem. Roll on the appropriate table in your core rules book.

09.  10 ft. ladder.

10.  A S&W repeater, a S&W spas scattergun, or a S&W rattlin gun.
Information on these weapons can be found in the "Schnell & Wilkes
Products" section of THE COMPLETE GUIDE TO TECHNOLOGY.

11.  A potion or oil. Roll on the appropriate table in your core rules
book.

12.  A newspaper from the GM's town.

13.  A set of bagpipes. There is a 50% chance that the bagpipes are
magical and can summon sea monsters. Of course, the character must be
near the sea and be proficient in bagpipe playing.

14.  A large 500 pound boulder.

15.  A 120 lb., 10" cubic inch, gold cube. This cube appears normal to
magical detection, but melts into nothingness one hour after getting
out of the bag.

16.  A magical scroll. Roll on the appropriate table in your core rules
book.

17.  A 20th century digital watch. The watch might have extra features
like a calculator, depth gauge, pulse reader, mini-television, mini-
radio, etc..

18.  An iron skillet.

19.  A metal-framed window, which when placed against a wall attaches
permanently. The window then can open into a 10'x10'x10' extra-
dimensional space.

20.  A ball of Silly Putty.

21.  A Star Trek phaser.

22.  A treasure map, detailing a nearby mountain range and tons of
treasure in a cave at the heart of a mountain. An insane Red Dragon
will be there, guarding its hoard. Unfortunately, all treasure, except
for a few copper coins, were stolen by a party of adventurers a week
back.

23.  A handbook to the mathematics department at Frostburg State
University (put your favorite college here).

24.  Hammer +3, Dwarf Thrower. This appears to be a standard hammer +2.
In the hands of a dwarven fighter who knows the appropriate command
word, its full potential is realized. In addition to the +3 bonus, the
hammer has the following characteristics: The hammer has a 180' range
and will cause the dwarf to be thrown like a boomerang. It has a +3
bonus to attack and damage rolls. When hurling, the hammer inflicts
double damage against all opponents except against the dwarf being
thrown. Against him it causes triple damage.

25.  A magical ring. Roll on the appropriate table in your core rules
book.

26.  An extra large (3 pound) bag of M&Ms.

27.  Lohocla's Tome of Ultimate Chaos. Information pertaining to its
contents can be found in THE COMPLETE GUIDE TO ALCOHOL.

28.  The favorite pipe of a well known and very powerful mage of the
land.

29.  A translation dictionary of some odd humanoid language and of the
language of the person who drew this item. Hopefully, the idiot
adventurer can read the language he/she speaks.

30.  Baseball bat, +1/+2 vs. baseballs.

31.  A magical whistle. When the whistle is blown, no sound comes from
it but the whistle does summon a monster. The GM should on an
appropriate encounter table for the region or to be really nutty the GM
should roll on the most unappropriated encounter table for the area.

32.  A ball-point pen (blue ink).

33.  A magnificent table with a great feast atop that serves 1d10+5
people. The feast take one full hour to consume and the magical effects
do not set in until after this hour is over.
     Those partaking of the feast are cured of all diseases, are immune
to poison for 12 hour, and are healed of 1d4+4 points of damage after
imbibing the beverage that is part of the feast. Also, the feast raises
their attack dice rolls by +1 for 1d6 hours. Furthermore, during this
same period, the people who consumed the feast are immune to fear,
hopelessness, and panic.

34.  A 5 inch square block of Albus Ater Ante Magicus Metallum
(described in the THE COMPLETE GUIDE TO TECHNOLOGY).

35.  A magical rod. Roll on the appropriate table in your core rules
book.

36.  A roll of pink toilet tissue paper; very soft.

37.  A golem. Roll 1d6 (1 Flesh, 2 Stone, 3 Clay, 4 Iron, 5-6 other).

38.  The GM's choice of a 20th century weapon from the list in the
"Weaponry- Past & Present" section of THE COMPLETE GUIDE TO TECHNOLOGY.

39.  A 1" x 2" x 1" gum eraser.

40.  A street car named Desire. This "car" a miniature ox-drawn wagon
with "Desire" carved into the driver's seat. It expands when place on
the ground.

41.  A Ring of Spell Turning. When the command word (Raskilivus) is
spoken, the ring spells the word "turning" in the common tongue loudly.

42.  A miscellaneous magic item. Roll on the appropriate table in your
core rules book.

43.  The royal crown of the nearest royalty.

44.  A manual titled "Daron's Book of How To Simplify Those Income Tax
Forms". It contains 990 pages of fine parchment, but is completely
filled with numbers, letters, and strange symbols.

45.  A vial of holy water.

46.  A Donnie & Marie Osmond metal lunch box with a thermos.

47.  One plush chair which happens to belong to the head of royalty in
the nearest kingdom. Of course it happens to be his/her favorite chair.

48.  An iron ration.

49.  A solid oak door that permanently attaches itself to its current
location in space. This door is a portal to another universe. Roll 1d8:

     1  Car Wars         4  Dinosaur Era     7  Ghostbusters
     2  Real-World       5  Star Trek        8  Star Wars
     3  The Old West     6  Toon

50.  A comfy, cosy sweater that magically keeps its wearer warm (around
70 degrees Fahrenheit).

51.  A magical wand. Roll on the appropriate table in your core rules
book.

52.  A telephone booth from the late 20th century Earth. The phone
booth comes equipped with a phone book chained to it. Characters can
use the phone to communicate with people on Earth if they figure out
how to work it. 1-900-

53.  A 1000 page manual filled with the writing, "I will be good next
time."

54.  Brick of Throwing. This brick when used as a weapon (with normal
penalties for non-proficient weapons) causes 5d2 points of damage on a
successful hit. The thrower gets a +1 to hit and a +2 vs. golems.

55.  A 20th century Earth fire extinguisher.

56.  A life jacket.

57.  A scroll inscribed with the complete list of the Ferrengi Rules of
Acquisition (from Star Trek). The study of these rules gives the
character a +1 bonus on all roles relating to business activities, and
eventually ruins the character's reputation.

58.  An ioun stone. Roll on the appropriate table in your core rules
book.

59.  An iron spike.

60.  A container of alcohol. To get specifics on the type of container
and its contents refer to "Getting to Know Your Booze" section of the
THE COMPLETE GUIDE TO ALCOHOL.

61.  A golden key that unlocks nearest locked item (i.e. door, chest,
drawer, etc.).

62.  A football helmet of the player's favorite football team.

63. A toon hammer. This is a very small metal hammer that is silver and
about 3 inches long with a 2 inch head. When anything is gently taped
by this magical hammer tiny stars erupt from the hammer and many cracks
form on the object. The cracks will quickly connect with each other
creating some sort of pattern. Once the object is completely covered by
cracks the object will shatter and fall to the ground forming a pile of
small pieces of the object and dust. The effect can be reversed with
the appropriate spells.

64.  A T-1000 series Terminator. Information on it can be found in the
"Terminator" section of THE COMPLETE GUIDE TO TECHNOLOGY.

65.  A small golden altar (worth about 5000 silver pieces). A person
can gain the attention of a deity by touching the altar and calling out
the deity's name. Of course, a deity might not like to be called upon.

66.  A bottle of 20 pills. The pill bottle is marked "Aspirin". When a
pill is taken, it cures the imbiber of all wounds (total hit point
recovery), all diseases, all poisons, all curses, and any natural
afflictions (ex. blindness, deafness, etc.).

67.  A life-sized bronze statue honoring a great hero of the nearest
settlement.

68.  A Spelljammer ship. Hopefully, there will be enough room in the
general area for the ship to fit or there will be trouble.

69.  A dead armadillo.

70.  A large leather belt blazoned with gold. On the belt, it declares
"World Wrestling Federation Champion".

71.  A 20th century Earth computer terminal that seems to function
perfectly. Characters who make a successful Intelligence check (-5
modifier) can communicate via electronic mail to a strange group of
people on something called the INTERNET. In fact, some of these people
can give the characters great insight into their world.

72.  A yummy 30-lb. baked turkey (still pipping hot). The turkey is
stuffed with delicious dressing.

73.  A roll of duct tape. A label on the tape says "McGeyver".

74.  A small (about three feet long) ruby statue of a red dragon.
Whenever a person argues with the owner of the statue, the dragon
retaliates by flaming the person causing 1d12 points of fire damage.
This makes a nice addition to politicians desk.

75.  A mood ring. This ring has a mystical rock that changes colors
based on the wearer's mood.

76.  1,000 pounds of freshly cooked dinosaur meat.

77.  A steamer trunk full of clothing. There is a large variety of
clothing including winter and summer clothing for all sizes.

78.  A scroll which just so happens to be a map of the surrounding
area. If in wilderness, the map shows things like traveling routes,
hazards (including monsters), and other things not typical of a map. If
in a settlement or dungeon, the map shows things like secret passages,
hazards, and the quickest escape routes.

79.  An undead creature. The GM should roll on his/her favorite undead
encounter chart. If the GM allows the undead to be controlled by the
adventurers, the morality of such actions should be strongly examined.

80.  A snow shovel.

81.  The GM's choice of a high tech weapon from the list in the "High
Technology Items" section of THE COMPLETE GUIDE TO TECHNOLOGY.

82.  A bag of delicious oranges (15 total).

83.  A 50' long and 20' high steel fence (like prison bars) that
becomes implanted in the ground and anything else that the fence
reaches.

84.  The resume of one Reid Bluebaugh (hey, he needs a job).

85.  A closed wooden wagon. The inside of the wagon is an extra-
dimensional area that is 100 sq. ft. in size. Currently it is empty,
but clever persons can make the inside of the wagon into a nice hovel.
Contents inside the wagon do not manifest themselves as weight on the
outside.

86.  A magical weapon. Roll on the appropriate table in your core rules
book.

87.  A crate marked "Ghostbusters". The crate contains: four Official
Ghostbuster's Proton Packs, one Atmospheric Ionization Analyzer, two
Ecto Visors, twenty Ghost Traps, four PKE Meter, and one Spectroscope.
All items are described in the "Ghostbusters" section of THE COMPLETE
GUIDE TO TECHNOLOGY.

88.  A plastic bag of 100 assorted rubber bands.

89.  A crate of various spell components like bat guano, hemlock, salt,
diamond powder, spider webs, eye of newt, etc.

90.  A condom.

91.  A ring with florescent swirling colors that flow in the ring not
allowing it to be any one color. When a person puts the ring on, he/she
turns into a cartoon character (possible that of an animal). GMs should
treat the character as a character from the TOON RPG universe.

92.  Magical armor. Roll on the appropriate table in your core rules
book.

93.  A tarot card. This card tells the future of the person who drew
this item from the bag.

94.  A Hershey's chocolate candy bar.

95.  A katana sword that belonged to an Immortal (see the GUIDE TO
HIGHLANDER for more information). The sword bestows a +1 to hit, +1 to
damage, and a +1 to initiative. The person who possesses this sword has
flashes and visions of its previous owner (the Immortal). The character
should be shocked to see much of the world's history in the visions of
the Immortals life.

96.  10 ft. pole.

97.  A tiny piece of paper with the address of a prostitute named
Honey. There are five stars by her name.

98.  A cute magical teddy bear that when touched causes 5d4 points of
electrical damage. Rubber gloves will negate the effect.

99.  A dead horse because sometimes one feels like beating a dead
horse.

00.  Bag O' Beans.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
