
(This version lacks a lot of formatting available in the original Macintosh 
MsWord 4/5 version)

                                The Book of Ages

                          by Nordag Elbereth of Mirmir
                                aka the Wanderer
                         sylvain_robert@uqtr.uquebec.ca


1.   The Primordial Chaos.......................1
2.   The Awakening..............................2
2.1. The Seven Swords of Wayland................2
2.2. The Guellup................................3
2.3. Farniss-Gaia...............................4
2.4. The Boerg..................................4
2.5. Garlfilrick................................4
2.6. The Forgotten Gods of Innissith............4
2.7. The Known Gods.............................5
2.8. The Races created by the Gods..............6
2.9. The Tablets of Fate........................6
3.   The Cosmos.................................6
3.1. Space......................................6
3.2. The Celestial Stairways....................9
3.3. Magical and Technological Worlds..........10
3.4. The Known Worlds..........................10
4.   Sueno.....................................11
5.   Beyond the Gates of Dream: The dreamer....13
5.1. Dreamer abilities.........................15
5.2. Dreamer magical items.....................23
5.3. The dreamer in the campaign...............24

=============================================================================

1. The Primordial Chaos

In the Universe, there is a race of creatures whom have the power to mould and 
shape the Cosmos. Usually, only one of those creatures mold one Universe-
Island (Galaxy) to its particular taste. However, in the present case, two of 
these creatures got associated together. The most powerful caried the name of 
Guellup, and the second the one of Farniss.

To deal succesfully with their task, the Guellup created the Arcturienne, and 
owing to it, he created the pre-form of Farniss and the eight Fathers. 
Arendarat, Aurumdarath, Dorbiltisarat, Io, Faranngatsyth, Ptuizgansyth, 
Sivildarath and Tarandat were their names. Guellup told Farniss his wishes, 
and the latter told the Fathers that only one among them will be able to give 
the Cosmos its shape.

The Fathers were divided in four factions: There was the One (Io) that was 
against the others indistinctively. There were those (Arendarat, Dorbiltisarat 
and Tarandat) that were together against the others. There were those 
(Aurumdarath and Sivildarath) whom battled the One anf the three others. 
Finally, there were the Neutrals (Faranngatsyth and Ptuizgansyth) which were 
against the three others.

Cruel and Terrible was the confrontation of the Fathers from which Io emerged 
as the victor.

The incommensurable energies freed during this non-temporal era were consumed 
by the Arcturienne. The latter created the Aasimons and the Archons from the 
positive energies, then the Baatezus and the Tanar'ris from the negative 
energies. From these immemorial times, these two last races fight against each 
other in the "Blood Wars". The neutral energy was reserved for the Guellup.

The victory of Io was recognized by Farniss, and he gave Io the power to give 
the Cosmos his shape by merging his essence by the remaining powers of the 
other Fathers. Io disclosed this power in the form of the Runes of Power. Io 
became "The One Who Remains Hidden" and created the Cosmos.


2. The Awakening

When the Cosmos and the various planes of existences were created (as 
described in the Manual of the Planes), Guellup and Farnis knew their 
definitive shape.

After the creation of the Cosmos, "The One Who Remains Hidden" took conscience 
of his new shape. The Arcturienne has modified him and, after the creation of 
the planar races and the Cosmos, has splitted him in three entities.

Io, known also as Drogon or the One represent the good, as well as the ideal 
of the draconic race. He is the Creator, the Implacabe, the Fundamental Law, 
the sky, the wind, the light and darkness. He resides on the Ethereal plane. 
He concentrated his attention on a part of the Cosmos and created Innissit. 
Io-Drogon created then the Powers that were known as the Forgotten Gods.. He 
is treated as a Greater God.

Shaitan (Satan, the Absolute Evil) coagulated the evil, spawned the Arch-
Fiends and tried to dominate the lower outer planes. For this, he created the 
Gehreleths and the Yugoloths. A truce in the Blood Wars was instaured during 
which the Aasimons, Archons, Baatezus and Tanar'ris united together to fight 
Shaitan and his hordes. So great was Shaitan'a power that they were unable to 
defeat him. So were created the Seven Swords of Wayland to exile him to the 
lowest dungeon under the last plane of the Nine Hells.

Lord Ao concentrated his efforts on the balance of the Cosmos and his essence 
spawned the Greater Powers whom further spawned the various pantheons and 
portfolios known throught the worlds.


2.1. The Seven Swords of Wayland

Thw Swords are made from an alloy of Mythryll and Star Metal. The magical 
bonuses of these swords are effective on all the planes of existence. 

   Number within  Ego  Person-  Bonus  Paladin        Anti-Paladin
    100' radius        nality          vs Baatezu,    vs Aasimon,
                                       Tanar'ri       Archon
     1             6     24       +1     +2             +2
     2             9     27       +2     +3             +3
     3            11     29       +3     +4             +4
     4            14     32       +3     +5             +5
     5            16     34       +4     +6             +6
     6            19     37       +4     +7             +7
     7            26     44       +5     +8             +8

For all swords: * Shines with a cold blue light (as spell) when within 60' of
                  a creature from another plane than the wielder
                * All are recognizable at sight for what they are by Aasimon,
                  Archon, Baatezu and Tenar'ri
                * Wielder is immune by all enchantment/charm spells and 
                  receive a +3 on saving throws when subject of a spell from 
                  Aasimon, Archon, Baatezu and Tenar'ri.
                * Alignment = True Neutral, with one edge of the sword Lawful 
                  Good, while the other is Chaotic Evil, I=18. Know alignment 
                  within a 10' radius.
2 swords:       * Locate object within 120' radius.
4 swords:       * Telepathy, 60 yards — twice per day.
6 swords:       * Heal — Once per day.
7 swords:       * If the Seven Swords are brought together, the wielders may 
                  then call Shaitan. They can destroy him for eternity, or let 
                  him take shape and presence where they are. Great was the 
                  power of Shaitan, but the eons past have drained his power 
                  enough so that now he can be destroyed. In any case, Shaitan 
                  is freed from his non-dimentional jail from the deepest 
                  dungeon under the last plane of the Nine Hells. If he is 
                  liberated, he will rapidly regain his power, and only the 
                  alliance of the Greater Powers will succeed to return him to 
                  his goal.

Actually, the Seven Swords of Wayland are located:

      Albyon     Magical Focus of Mount Yvvinor in Abeir-Toril, west of the 
                 Herald Holdfast.
      Belech     In possession of a drow surviver from a crashed spelljamming 
                 ship near the town of Everlund in Abeir-Toril.
      Elidon     In the ruins of Ascore in Abeir-Toril.
      Klaus      In Menzoberranzan, house Barrison del'armgo, weapon master in 
                 Abeir-Toril.
      Maurax     On the dead body of a paladin from Avalon on the Astral 
                 plane.
      Solas      In possession of Sardo Numspa, a Pit Fiend (Greater Baatezu) 
                 in Hells.
      Urias      In Sueno (the plane of Dreams), in possession of Miranda.

Some sages believe that Shaitan is actually rising in power. It is rumored 
that he is responsible for the creation of the demi-plane of Ravenloft. If it 
is so, then this is possible that all the evil present there will strenghten 
him.


2.2. The Guellup

Whence he knews his definitive shape, the Guellup used the power reserved for 
him in the Arcturienne and migrated to the plane of Concordant Opposition. He 
concentrated his power and became the energy pool located at the center of 
this plane. The Guellup transcend time. He can act and exist parallel to time. 
He is the Master of the Time Lords.

According to the Guellup, the gods are all mortals because its their nature. 
However, the do not age. He also says that time is a construction of the mind 
that brings order into reality. It is a fundamental law for all mortals. Still 
according to the Guellup, there is no end of time, only renewals. The Guellup 
is not a god, and thus is unaffected by the time.

He has none of their powers, but also none of their limits. He possess an 
infinity of avatars, and it is a doubt that anybody ever saw or will see the 
entity known as the real Guellup.

It is also the Guellup that holds the Book of Lives, where are written the 
brith and death dates of all living beings past, present and future, even gods 
themselves.

But all this was not enough, the Guellup wanted to incarnated himself. He thus 
choose a sector of the Cosmos, integrated himself into Io's project, and 
incarnated a part of his essence in Innissit.


2.3. Farniss-Gaia

Farnis represent the Force of Life of the Cosmos. Some sages say that he is 
Io's inspiration for the creation of the Cosmos. He is the Nature, in the vast 
sence of the term. He is also known as Gaia, the Mother. This being is 
venerated by druids and elves throughout the Cosmos.

Gaia "The Earth Goddess, The Great Mother" : Avatar (Druid 24)

Gaia's avatar takes the shape of a mature woman of perfect sereine beauty. 
Alternatively, she can manifest herself as an indestructible black monolith of 
1x4x9 proportions. She can invoque spells from the all, animal, charm, 
elemental, healing, plant and weather spheres. AL N, WAL Any, Symbol Fruit 
bowl, black stone, unicorn, Plane Elemental plane of Earth, AoC Fertility, 
health, prophecy, Abilities S20 D20 CO24 I23 W25 CH24 CM24 P25, MV 15 SZ 10' 
MR 60%, AC -7 HD 24 hp 360, AT 1 THAC0 -3 DAM 1d4 + 1 (sickle) + 8, SA/SD +3 
or better weapons to be hit., Her black sickle kills any it hits unless a 
saving throw vs death is made, in case the victim loose 50% of its initials 
hp., Any being that looks upon its avatar without being invited first must 
save vs petrification or be blind for 1d10 days.


2.4. The Boerg

He was begeted by Farniss-Gaia. He represents the incarnation of Farniss-Gaia 
in Innissit and one of his avatars. Those who have traveled by the Boerg's 
forest worship him instead of Farniss-Gaia.


2.5. Garlfilrick

He is the offspring of Farniss-Gaia and Drogon. He is one of the avatars of 
Farniss-Gaia. He is the only being capable of a mass ESP. More so, when he 
transform into a creature, a part of his essence is transfered and he becomes 
this creature (who is ignorant of the remaining hidden power of Farniss-Gaia.


2.6. The Forgotten Gods of Innissith

Thus there was the One, and the Fathers. After, Drogon begeted the Sevens, and 
the Twelves. All dragons were witnesses to the creation of the world by Drogon 
and were those who named things.

The Threes
Andar       Life, fertility, nature, earth.
Otis        Language, claorvoyance, strategy, knowledge.
Ouruk       Courage, changing, war, water.

The Sevens
Isnuk       Speech, the Orator of the Gods, the Messenger of the Gods, the 
            Red, the God of Eloquence.
Lunus       Time, growth, hazard (luck).
Nohalla     Running water, river, rain.
Ollaya      Harbor's protection, medicine.
Ourguin     The Navigator, the Fisherman.
Sukkil      Love, Death.
Tibur       The God not-God, the Traveler, music, mathematics, magic, fire, 
            treachery, the free creatures.

The Twelves
Callurg     The Armorer of the gods, craftmen, dwarves.
Drolnez     The Executioner, the Inquisitor, pain.
Fiournial   Fear, sickness, epidemic.
Hadavog     Agriculture, wine, feasts.
Kalar-Haran Underearth, miners, stone workers, dwarves, gnomes.
Nanlin      Peace, Justice.
Pnagdig     Strife, rage, intrigue, rumors.
Sishtil     Deceit, thieves.
Talbog      Honor, valor in combat, force.
Ulus        Richness, abundance, avarice.
Vyldalla    The Mother, fidelity. The mortal woman that was loved by Isnuk.
Yshlia      Beauty, dance, seduction.

After the first dragon war, Drogon accused Otis of outrage against the Order 
of Things. To punish him, he put him in jail. His warder, Drollne, remove his 
tongue. Then Isnuk raise to the defence of Otis, and his oration was so good 
that Drogon drop a tear that became the Larmacien. He then gave his pardon to 
Otis and freed him. Isnuk then traveled the world, gave magic to the gods 
childs (elves, humans), and falled in love with the mortal Vyldalla. From 
their union was born the half-gor Tibur, the God not-God. Isnuk returned with 
the other gods, but Tibur and Vyldalla are condemned to eternally roam the 
worlds of men, and never to meet again.


2.7. The Known Gods

Lord Ao created the first generation of Greater Powers, which in turn created 
the various pantheons and portfolios known across the worlds. These First 
Borns were:

Annam                     Giants
Boccob                    Greyhawk
Brahman                   Indian
Corellon Larethian        Elves
Cronus                    Greek
Daghdha                   Celtic
Gaea                      Greek
Garl Glittergold          Gnomes
Gilean-Astinus            Krynn
Great Mother              Beholders
Gruumsh                   Orcs
Hera                      Greek
Ilsensine                 Illithids
Io                        Dragons
Izanagi and Izanami       Japanese
Jazirian                  Couatl
Maglubiyet                Goblins
Moradin                   Dwarves
Odin                      Norse
Ometeotl                  Aztec
Paladine-Fizban           Krynn
Ra                        Egyptian
Rhea                      Greek
Shang-ti                  Chinese
Shekinester               Nagas
Stillsong & Water Lion
Takhisis                  Krynn
The Elder Elemental God
The Great Spirit          American Indian
Titania                   Faeries
Uranus                    Greek
Yondalla                  Halflings
Zeus                      Greek

Ao then created the Powers of the World of Abeir-Toril, where the Forgotten 
Realms are located.

Farniss-Gaia spawned The Master of ther Hunt.


2.8. The Races created by the Gods

The various gods created first their respective pantheons, and the influenced 
the development of the various evolutive types on various worlds of the 
Universe-Islands. Some races awakened and were guides by the gods (dwarves, 
elfes, gnomes, humans). In some cases, many different pantheons evolved on the 
same world.

There are also worlds that have spawned races without the intervention of the 
gods. These races evolve without the gods. Some even believe that these races 
possess the potential to evolve beyond what the gods actually are.


2.9. The Tablets of Fate

There is a register hold by "The One Who Remains Hidden" that contains all 
that is written. You are actually reading some abstracts from it. These 
Tablets conatins the portfolio and obligations of all gods and all Fathers. 
These Tablets also hold all magical and technological inventions past, present 
and future.

These Tablets are essentials for the Balance of the Cosmic Order.


3. The Cosmos

3.1. Space

"The One Who Remains Hidden" created the Universe-Island from a central point 
symmetry. In fact, the stellar charts of Sol, where you can found Terra, are 
the same than those of Solaria, where Avalon-Gaea is located. To the exception 
of the other Universe-Islands, the local Universe-Island is totally 
symmetrical from the Central Point. The galactic sector where Sol and the 
United Federation of Planets (UFP) are located possess a very high level of 
technological development. On the other hand, the Solaria's sector possess a 
high magical potential. "The One Who Remains Hidden" remains so beyond the 
great black hole at the center of the Universe-Island.

In the Universe-Island, many kinds of space coexist on the cosmic material 
plane. There are also many ways to travel from one point to the other 
according to the trasnport type used. It is important not to mistake these 
spaces with the various planes of existence, this is entirely diffrent.

Normal space is what we experience every day. It possess the following 
characteristics:

Space                                Normal
Propulsion                           Normal
Maximum Limit Speed (theoric)        c (light speed)
Maximum Limit Speed (technologic)    10E-3 c
Limit of a solar system              Oort Cloud
Outside of a solar system            Deepspace
Passage to the outside               No discontinuity
Maximum Limit Speed Deepspace        c

Hyperspace is used by highly advanced technological civilizations. It possess 
the following characteristics:

Space                                Hyperspace
Propulsion                           WardDrive
Maximum Limit Speed (theoric)        Ultrawarp 10, i.e. 10E5 c
Maximum Limit Speed (technologic)    Ultrawarp 10 (Galaxy Class Starship USS 
                                     Enterprise, United Federation of Planets)
Limit of a solar system              Oort Cloud
Outside of a solar system            Deepspace
Passage to the outside               No discontinuity
Maximum Limit Speed  Hyperspace      Ultrawarp 10

Stars follow the O-B-A-F-G-K-M classification. Class is indicated according 
to: I: supergiant, II-III: giant, IV: sub-giant, V: main sequence, VI: sub-
dwarf. PLease refer to the Burnham's Celestial Handbook.

It should be also noted that planets are technologically classified according 
to the Planetary Classification System (United Federation of Planets)

  Symbol  Surface          Atmosphere       Description       Example

     A    tenuous, may     reducing; CH4,   radiates heat,    Jupiter
          not be present   etc.             "failed" star

     B    tenuous, may     reducing         non-radiant       Neptune
          not be present

     C    iron/silicate    reducing, dense  high surface      Venus
          (Fe/SiO2)                         temperature

     D    Ni-Fe/SiO2       (A-G) none,      asteroids         Ceres
                           (H-N) tenuous

     E    SiO2, some       reducing/        large molten      Janus VI
          metals           oxidizing        core

     F    SiO2, some       oxidizing        very young (less  delta Vega
          metals                            than 10E9 years)

     G    SiO2             oxidizing, thin  desert planet     Rigel XII

     H    SiO2             variable         geologically      Gothos
                                            active

     I    metallic/SiO2    fluid, very      small, young      Escalbia
                           dense

     J    SiO2             very tenuous,    moons             Luna
                           noble gases

     K    SiO2             tenuous, some    adaptable with    Mars
                           H2O              pressure domes

     L    SiO2/H2O         oxidizing        geologically      Psi 2000
                                            inactive

     M    SiO2/H2O         oxidizing        geologically      Terra
                                            active

     N    H2O entirely     oxidizing        pelagic planet    Argo

Subspace is used by highly advanced magical civilizations using helms supplied 
by the Arcanes. It possess the following characteristics:

Space                                Subspace
Propulsion                           Spelljamming
Maximum Limit Speed (theoric)        10E-2 c
Maximum Limit Speed (technologic)    6,2 x 10E-3 c
Limit of a solar system              Crystal Sphere corresponding to the 
position in normal space of the Oort Cloud
Outside of a solar system            Phlogiston
Passage to the outside               Portal or Phase Door

Maximum Limit Speed Phlogiston	Indefinited. 10d10 days to reach another 
Crystal Sphere. The Phlogiston do not possess any stable space-time reference.

While using a Spelljammer Helm, a vessel move in an atmosphere at a speed of 
500 yards per round for each ship rating point, i.e. 25 pi/s/SR, i.e. MV 
50xSR. This mean about 17 mph, or 409 miles per day per SR point ! The time 
required to get out of the gravity well and reach full propulsion speed within 
subspace is determined by the size of the planetary body according to:

   Size    Diameter of celestial body    Required time to escape gravity well
     A     < 10 miles                    10 minutes
     B     10 @ 10E2 miles               15 minutes
     C     10E2 @ 10E3 miles             20 minutes
     D     10E3 @ 4x10E3 miles           30 minutes
     E     4x10E3 @ 10E4 miles           40 minutes
     F     10E4 @ 4x10E4miles             1 hour
     G     4x10E4 @ 10E5 miles            2 hours
     H     10E5 @ 10E6 miles              4 hours
     I     10E6 @ 10E7 miles              8 hours
     J     > 10E7 miles                  16 hours

Also, each spelljamming traveler is referred to the flow charts where each 
world is indicated along with the major component "element" and its general 
shape.

  Symbol   Shape of celestial body
     *     Amorphus, or flexible shape
     #     Belt of small orbiting bodies (asteroids)
     $     Globe or aggregate of localized objects
     O     Spherical World
     []    Cubic World
     —     Flat World
     @     Elliptic World
     %     Regular Rolyhedral World
     ?     None of the above, but irregular

Transspace is used by the civilizations with a very high technological level 
that use the powers of the Epice. This substance cannot be reproduced in any 
way, and is only found on Arrakis (Canopus III). Transspace have the following 
properties:

Espace                               Transpace
Propulsion                           JumpDrive
Maximum Limit Speed (theoric)        Undefined
Maximum Limit Speed (technologic)    Undefined
Limit of a solar system              Portal through the Astral plane to travel 
                                     Conduit
Outside of a solar system            Astral Conduit
Passage to the outside               Portal (Gate)
Maximum Limit Speed Astral Conduit   Undefined, 1d10 days to travel through 
                                     Conduit to the other portal. The Astral 
                                     Conduit does not possess any temporal 
                                     reference.

The time required to open a portal is the same than the one required to escape 
from a gravity well while using a spalljamming helm, but for different and 
poorly understood reasons.

When in normal space, one can see what's in there. Technological sensors are 
required to monitor hyperspace without problems. These sensors detect vessels 
travelling in subspace, but only in what technologist call Quantum Filaments 
and Cosmic Strings. They cannot interpret correctly what's in there because of 
the Arcane's helm technology. While in hyperspace, one can see what's in 
there, alonh to what's in normal space. One detect also Quantum Filaments and 
Cosmic Strings. In subspace, one can see what's in sub-space and normal space, 
but only while inside a crystal sphere. On the outside, the Phlogiston rapidly 
block vision. In transspace, it is impossible to see anithing outside the 
Astral Conduit.


3.2. The Celestial Stairways

These are contact points between the Prime Material Plane and the planar nexus 
located somewhere on the ethereal plane. It is visible only by creatures with 
22+HD or 22nd or more level, or by beings of demi-god or more status. While on 
the stairway, one is protected from all hazards from atmospheric or planar 
origine (winds, temperature, radiations) from the other planes (The reader is 
referred to FRE3 "Waterdeep" p.39 for more details).


3.3. Magical and Technological Worlds

There are worlds with different levels of consciousness, magic, technology, as 
well as different location within the space-time continuum, briefly, all 
worlds are not at the same evolutionary stage.

Each material plane possess its own characteristics. The main characteristics 
are called Physical, Magical anf Temporal Factors. For the planar traveller, 
all these factors are set to zero on his own plane. The informations are 
extracted from the "Manual of the Planes", and the reader is referred to this 
work for more details.


3.4. The Known Worlds

Following is an abstract from the Arcane's flow space records. Here the reader 
is referred to a more complete description of worlds in "The Worlds of 
Federation", by the UFP.

System       Star (name/type)      Planets            [Arcane classification]

Centaure     alpha Centauri A      0-Star                  [G O fire]
             G2 V                  IV- Ecaz                [E O earth]

Dunnspace    Sirius                0-Star                  [G O fire]
             alpha Canis Majoris   I- Dah                  [E O earth]
             A1 V

Eridanus     epsilon Eridani       0-Star                  [G O fire]
             K2 V                  IV- Richese             [E O earth]

Greyspace    Capella               0- Oerth                [E O earth]
             alpha Aurigae         I- Kule                 [B O earth]
             G8 III                II- Raenei              [D O earth]
                                   III- Liga (Star)        [G O fire]
                                   IV- The Grinder
                                       (asteroides)        [B # earth]
                                   V- Edill                [G O air]
                                   VI- Gnibile             [G O air]
                                   VII- Conatha            [C @ water]
                                   VIII- Ginsel            [C ? earth]
                                   IX- Borka               [A $ earth]
                                   X- Greela               [E $ earth]
                                   XI- The Spectre         [B — earth]

Guelspace    Deneb                 0-Star                  [G O fire]
             alpha Cigny           I- Innissith 
             A2 Ia                    and Haspan           [E O earth]

Krynnspace   Vega                  0- Sun (Star)           [H O fire]
             alpha Lyrae           I- Sirion               [D O fire inert]
             A0 V                  II- Reorx [1 moon]      [D O earth]
                                   III- Krynn [3 moons]    [D O earth]
                                   IV- Chislev [Liveworld] [E O earth]
                                   V- Zivilyn [12 moons]   [F O air]          

Paon         alpha Pavonis         0-Star                  [G O fire]
             B3 IV                 III- Calladan           [E O earth]

Realmspace   tau Ceti              0- Sun (Star)           [H O fire]
             G8 V                  I- Anadia               [B O earth]
                                   II- Coliar              [G O Gas]
                                   III- Toril 
                                       [Moon & cluster]    [E O earth]
                                   IV- Karpri              [D O water]
                                   V- Chandos              [F O water]
                                   VI- Glyth               [E O earth]
                                   VII- Garden             [A $ earth]
                                   VIII- H'Catha           [C — water]

Serpent      beta Ophiuchi         0-Star                  [G O fire]
             K2 III                I- Giedi Prime          [E O earth]

Solaria      Sol                   0- Hephaestus (Star)    [H O fire]
             G2 V                  I- Hermes               [D O earth]
                                   II- Aphrodite           [E O earth]
                                   III- Avalon-Gaea and 
                                        Selene-Rhea        [E O earth]
                                   IV- Ares [2 moons]      [E O earth]
                                   V- Trojans              [A # earth]
                                   VI- Zeus [18 moons]     [G O air]
                                   VII- Cronos [13 moons]  [G O air]
                                   VIII- Uranus [5 moons]  [F O air]
                                   IX- Poseidon [2 moons]  [F O air]
                                   X- Hades [1 moon]       [D ? earth]
                                   XI- The Furies          [A # air]

Solspace     Sol                   0- Sol (Star)           [H O fire]
             G2 V                  I- Mercury              [D O earth]
                                   II- Venus               [E O earth]
                                   III- Terra and Luna     [E O earth]
                                   IV- Mars [2 moons]      [E O earth]
                                   V- Asteroid belt        [A # earth]
                                   VI- Jupiter [18 moons]  [G O air]
                                   VII- Saturn [13 moons]  [G O air]
                                   VIII- Uranus [5 moons]  [F O air]
                                   IX- Neptune [2 moons]   [F O air]
                                   X- Pluto [1 moon]       [D ? earth]
                                   XI- Oort Cloud          [A # air]

Vaisseau     Canopus               0-Star                  [G O fire]
             alpha Carinae         III- Arrakis            [E O earth]
             F0 ba


4. Sueno

Miranda and Frondon were looking to a secure refuge, known only by them. They 
were running away from the vengence of the Arch-Fiend Tarentar, and if 
possible also they were looking to insure their long term survival. The 
research last seven years, and the project 13 more. They created a variation 
of the Noledel pocket universe. It became known as the World of the Dreaming 
Lady, or Sueno.

Since many years, Miranda studied the memory and dreams. She had created 
special spells like Miranda's Oniric Travel and Miranda's Oniric Mansion. 
These two spells allowed her not only to ravel but also to intervened 
physically in other's dreams. We only know that these two spelld formed the 
basis of their project. Fo all we know, the major problem was related to the 
fact that the stay within the dream was to be limitless. The solution was for 
Miranda to physically live within her own dream. As long as she will be 
dreaming, she will be safe, but prisonner.

That was the first phase. Miranda became the Reveuse (Dreamer). She is treated 
as a greater god in Sueno. The second phase involved the creation of semi-
Avatars of Miranda, allowing her to intervene outside Sueno but without 
disrupting the Dream. These mirandas have the ability to travel planes as 
normal avatars.

Sueno is located very near the Concordant Opposition. It is generally 
considered as Neutral Good.

For the creatures of Sueno, the Children of the Dream, the peoples of Renin:

Miranda is considered a greater god
Frondon and Cuthbert are intermediate gods
Rurrik (the Guardian) and Manrik (the Judge) are lesser gods.

There are also servants of the wishes of the Reveuse.

The Seven Damargents (messengers) are demi-gods
The Thirteen Darmils (lady chamberlain)
The Three Turnks (Rurrik's servants )
The Thirty Units (Rurrik's guards)
The Four Lisus (Manrrik's servants)

Miranda Desilets (the Reveuse): She created Sueno with her husband Frondon and 
her son Cuthbert. She gave birth to almost all creatures of Sueno and lost of 
the Children of the Dream. She is responsible for the creation of the 
Dreamers.

Illusionnist 27. At will atonement, improved phantasmal force, mislead, quest, 
mirror image, regenerate, Miranda's Oniric Travel , telepathy with mirandas of 
level 10+, and with the Damargents, Darmils, Frondon, Cutbert, Rurrik and 
Manrrik. 6 times per day: dispel magic, blindness, shadow monster, programmed 
illusion. Once per day: restoration, resurection, alter reality.

Frondon (the Father): He created Manrrik, the Lisus, some creatures of Sueno 
and some Children of the Dream.

Wizard 20. At will alter self, improved phantasmal force, improved 
invisibility, non detection, telepathy with Miranda,  Cutbert, Manrrik and the 
Lisus. 3 times per day: quest, true seeing, polymorph other. Once per day: 
death spell, wish.

Cutbert (the Son): He created Rurrik and the Turnks. He installed the 
political organisation of the Children of the Dream. On the prime material 
plane he is responsible for the birth of the People of Renin.

Conjurer 20. At will: alter self, phantasmal force, improved invisibility, non 
detection, telepathy with Miranda, Cutbert, Rurrik and the Turnks. 3 times per 
day: quest, true seeing, polymorph other. Once per day: death spell, wish.

Rurrik (the Guardian): responsible for the security of the Castle of the 
Reveuse. He commands the 3 Turnks and the 30 Units.

Monk 15, Fighter 20. At will true seeing, telepathy with Miranda, Cutbert, the 
Turnks and Units, chromatic orb (as wizard 12). 3 times per day: anti-magic 
shell, quest, heel. Once per day: symbol, death spell.

Manrrik (the Judge): He represents the Reveuse's justice to the Children and 
creatures of the Dream.

Diviner 15. Insensible to charisma and physical beuaty. Immune to charm, 
suggestion and the like spells. At will: true seeing, telepathy with Miranda, 
Frondon and the Lisus. 3 times per day: tongue, legend lore, speek with deed, 
quest, chromatic orb (as wizard 18). Once per day: holy/unholy word.

The Darmils: The chamberlain ladies of the Castle of Miranda. They satisfy all 
wishes of guests. By doing so, they test them.

Assasin 15. At will: empathy, alter self, heros feast, telepathy between 
themselves, with Miranda and Rurrik. 3 times per day: antipathy/sympathy, 
detect lie, magic missile (as wizard 15). Once per day: alter reality.

The Damargents: The winged messengers of Miranda (MV 40, MC A). With the 
exception of the mirandas of level 10+, they are the only one who can get out 
of the World of Dreams.

Fighter 15, Illusionist 14. At will: dimension door, tongue, passwall, 
telepathy between themselves and Miranda. 3 times per day: plane shif, word of 
recall. Once per day: chromatic orb, magic missile, lightning bolt (as wizard 
18).

The Turnks: The lieutenants of Rurrik. Each command 10 Units

Fighter 20, Assassin 10. At will: burning hands, shoking grasp (as wizard 8), 
telepathy with Rurrik, between themselves and the Units. 3 times per day: 
detect illusion, dimension door. Once per day: delayed blast fireball.

The Lisus: The guards of Manrrik and his executioners.

Ranger 15, Wizard 12. At will: true seeing, detect lie, telepathy between 
themselves and Manrrik. 3 times per day: Mordenkainen's sword. Once per day: 
trap the soul.

The thirty Units: The Castle guards

Fighter 10. At will: dimension door, detect invisibility, telepathy between 
themselves and the Turnks. Regenerate 1 hp/round, infravision 100', 
ultravision 100'.

The Children of the Dream: 

Known as the Lintimiens, they are the more numerous creatures of the Dream. 
They look like humans, with two exceptions. They can only live in Sueno, and 
in the dreams of the free will creatures. Thus they are the only beings feee 
to travel from dream to dream. It is a behavior like the one observed in the 
Vistanis fourd in Ravenloft.

Also, the color of their skin is variable. It depends on the social status of 
the individual  as:

Black    political leader         Blue         men and women of knowledge
Brown    small merchants          Gold         military leaders
Green    farmers and foresters    Grey         scribes and administrators
Indigo   servants                 Ochre        artisans and technicians
Pink     musicians                Platinum     high clergy
Red      soldiers                 Violet       artists
White    rich merchants

At birth the Lintimien has the skin th color of its lineage (his mother's 
color at birth). This change when the young learn a profession.

A la naissance le lintimien a la couleur de sa lignee, qui est rarement la 
couleur actuelle de la peau de ces parents. C'est en fait la couleur de la 
peau de sa mere a sa naissance.

5. Beyond the Gates of Dream: The dreamer

The dreamer semiclass is a group made up of human, elven, and half-elven 
beings who have the ability to manipulate their subconscious minds. With 
practice and experience, they can exercise considerable control over their own 
minds and bodies and, to a lesser extent, over the minds and bodies of others. 
At higher levels of skill, they are also able to project their minds to 
communicate with others as well as to manifest themselves elsewhere in 
intangible form, and they can even glimpse the possible future. 

Dreamer skills are similar to psionics (though psionic and dreamer powers 
never occur in the same person), and their presence is determined in a similar 
manner. For any human, elven, or half-elven character possessing an unmodified 
score of 15 or higher in intelligence, wisdom, or charisma, the base chance of 
possessing dreamer powers is 2% for elves and 1% for humans and half-elves. 
This base chance is modified as follows: For every point in any of the three 
abilities above 16, a percentage point is gained; for every point below 12, 
half a point is lost; the total chance is then rounded up and may never be 
below 1%. 

The dreamer is a semiclass because its members may use these powers 
independently of another class or with another class; either way, the dreamer 
does not act like a conventional class or subclass. With combinations of 
classes, it does not act like normal dual or multiclassed characters. Even 
among elves and half-elves, a dreamer may have only one other class.

NPCs with dreamer as their sole class have d8 hp and fight only as zero-level 
fighters. Experience is acquired and accumulated just as with other classes, 
but dreamers do not improve in hit points or attacks; when their accumulated 
experience has reached the required amount, they are allowed to develop the 
skills of that level. The saving throws of dreamers without another class are 
made as clerics of equal level. They may use any armor and weapons, have 
weapons of proficiency as per 1st-level fighter. Dreamers without another 
class begin with two non weapon proficiency slots and gain another every two 
levels.

Dual-classed dreamers primarily operate according to their non dreamer class, 
having the hit points, attacks, armor and weapons limitations, saving throws, 
and special abilities thereof. They also have the abilities of lst-level 
dreamers and realize that they can develop more dreamer skills. Training is 
essentially the same for dreamers with or without another class.

For advancement as dreamers, a certain number of weeks of training is required 
according to the skills to be learned (refer to the Dreamer Advancement and 
Abilities Table and the ability descriptions that follow). This time must be 
spent in developing the talents by resting, meditating, lucid dreaming (see 
ability explanations), and experimenting. No adventuring is allowed.

There are no set level titles for dreamers, but persons of this sort often 
adopt an addendum to their name to reflect their special nature. Common titles 
taken are Augur, Clairvoyant, Dreamer, Medium, Mystic, Prophet, Seer, 
Soothsayer, Tephramancer, and Visionary.

Most sages surmise that the dreamer ability was originally granted by one or 
more deities, and it is not unknown for characters to be granted one or more 
dreamer skills by a deity. The power is usually permanent, but is not 
automatically passed on to subsequent generations. Such bestowal may be a 
reward, a punishment, or (rarely) a whim. It is common for there to be a 
stipulation on the power(s): perhaps it only works at certain times (such as 
the new moon), with certain preparations (such as after the killing of an 
albino rat), or anything the DM can think of to make it fun (such as a 
character cursed to feign death whenever alone in the company of a member of 
the opposite sex; or, in order to utilize the power, the character must eat a 
certain quantity of a certain food, such as four oranges). An example from 
Greek mythology of one cursed with prophetic ability was Cassandra, who could 
see the future; the catch was that no one would believe her. This ability 
bestowal may open new horizons for DM fun (bounded by careful discretion) and 
NPC role-playing.

Dreamer Advancement and Abilities Table

       Cumulative XP
 Level sole class  Abilities gained (weeks of training)
   1          0    Dream travel (4) , lucid dreaming (0) and normal sleep (0)
   2        500    Deep sleep (1), light sleep (1)
   3      1,500    Awareness sleep (2), detect mind (1), dream observation (1) 
                   and empathic sleep (2)
   4      4,000    Detect lie (2), feign death (2), and penetrate disguise (3)
   5      9,000    Read alignment (2) and sleeper communication (3)
   6     19,000    Lesser prophecy (3) and regenerative sleep (5)
   7     44,000    Sleep control (l) and sleep suggestion (3)
   8     94,000    Illusion (4), suggestion (3), and telepathy (3)
   9    194,000    Mass suggestion (4) and projection (5)
  10    294,000    Prophecy (special)

5.1. Dreamer abilities

Level 1

Dream Travel (Psionic like Power, Level 1, four weeks training, perequisite: 
Lucid Dreaming)

Power Score: Wis -4; Range: 50 miles per level; Area of Effect: personal (*)

Dream travel is a powerful but unreliable means of getting from here to there. 
The traveler journeys in his dreams, and awakes wherever his nocturnal 
wandering carried him. The dreamer can even take other characters with him, 
although it's more difficult than traveling alone. (See "Passengers" below.)

To use dream travel, the dreamer must be asleep. Once asleep, he begins 
fashioning a dream that involves traveling from his present location to his 
intended destination. At the beginning of the journey, the DM secretly makes a 
power check for the character. If the check succeeds, the psionicist will 
reach his destination. If the check fails, the character will fall short 10% 
for each point that the die roll exceeded the power score.

If the DM wants, this power check is all that's required to handle dream 
travel during a game. However, it's far more satisfying to actually role-play 
the dream. The player creates the setting and describes his intentions, with 
the DM interrupting to change things arbitrarily and throw obstacles in the 
character's path. If the player overcomes the obstacles and solves problems 
inventively, the DM is justified in giving a bonus to the character's power 
check. If the dream is dull and lifeless, the DM can also penalize the power 
check.

The DM should remember that this is a dream; terrain on the journey may not 
resemble actual terrain, the character may be completely different, and the 
world may be completely strange. The length of the dream journey should be 
approximately the same as the real distance, however, and the final 
destination should be at least similar to the real destination. Such dream 
adventures should minimize combat and maximize problems, puzzles, and surreal 
atmosphere. If combat does occur, it has real physical effect on the 
character, and he may even die. All dream journeys take approximately eight 
hours to complete, successful or not.

Passengers. After reaching level 5 and mastering sleeper communication, the 
dreamer can bring other characters along with him in the dream. His power 
score is reduced by one for each passenger he carries. Passengers must also be 
sleeping. A single power check launches everyone on the dream journey. If the 
check fails, they still attempt the dream journey but fall short of their 
target. If passenger are being drawn into combat, they suffer hald real DAM, 
but they inflict half normal DAM and receivd half xp.

Intelligent animals can also be drawn into the dream, but normal animals 
(horses, dogs, falcons, whatever) are very difficult to bring along. The 
dreamer must make a separate power check to draw in each animal and his power 
score is halved, rounded down, when making this check.

When the dream travelers reach their destination, they awaken. In the place 
where they lay sleeping, their bodies and any equipment carried or worn fades 
away. At the same time, they fade into being at their new location, still in 
sleeping posture, but fully awake.

The world of dreams (Sueno) is very close to both the Astral and Ethereal 
planes. Creatures located on either Astral or Ethereal plane can see those in 
Dreamal plane, and the dreamal creature can also see both of them, although he 
cannot know on what plane they are, but they are incapable of any physical 
(touch, sound) interactions. However, since they see each other, gaze attacks 
are at full potential. The dreamer may first explore his own dream world, and 
after he may be brought into Sueno by the Damargents (see Appendix).

20—The dream is nightmarish. The psionicist must save vs. paralyzation or 
appear dead until violently struck.

Lucid dreaming (Level 1, no training required)

This is simply a state in normal sleep wherein the dreams are controlled by 
the dreamer. Lucid dreaming is not unique to dreamers, but through it the 
dreamers realize and develop their powers.

Normal deep (Level 1, no training required)

This is like any normal person's sleep. Dreaming is normal for the most part 
and of no particular significance. Hit points are regained at the rate of 1 hp 
per 8 hours of normal sleep. Dreamers are able to sustain normal sleep for up 
to 15 hours plus a number of hours equal to the level of the dreamer. They may 
either be awakened like anyone else, or may decide exactly when they want to 
wake up before they go to sleep.

Level 2

Deep sleep (Level 2, one week of training)

A dreamer in this state will only awaken from a strong, radical stimulus — 
such as having a bucket of cold water poured on his head. Otherwise, sleep 
continues until a designated time (as with normal sleep). A dreamer in deep 
sleep remains hit points at the rate of 1 hp per 4 hours, and he may sustain 
this state for up to 20 hours at one time.

Light sleep (Level 2, one week of training)

A dreamer is likely to use this ability most often during adventuring. The 
dreamer will doze until awakened by a noticeable environmental change (sunrise 
or sunset, getting rained on, a change in temperature, etc.) or by an 
irregular noise or silence, and is much more sensitive than normal sleeping 
beings. For example, a thief who fails to move silently is still unlikely to 
wake up most creatures, but a dreamer in light sleep will awaken immediately. 
The character may designate when to wake up, as with normal sleep. Hit points 
are regained at the rate of 1 hp per 10 hours of light sleep. It can be 
sustained for up to 10 hours plus the level of the dreamer.

Level 3

Awareness sleep (Level 3, two weeks of training)

This state is a special combination of light, normal, and deep sleep. The 
dreamer is awakened as per deep sleep, regains hit points as with normal sleep 
(1 hp per 8 hours), but remains sensitive to the environment; the subconscious 
carefully collects and records all sensory information except sight. Thus, 
once the dreamer awakens after a designated time, he clearly remembers the 
sounds, odors, temperatures, and any movement of himself as if he had been 
awake with his eyes closed. It takes an hour to enter awareness sleep and 
another hour to emerge from it; sensory data from these transitional times 
cannot be clearly recalled. If forcefully awakened before the designated time, 
the sensory information is lost (unless the dreamer also has sleep control 
(level 7), as noted below). Awareness sleep can be sustained for up to 24 
hours (including the two hours required for entrance and emergence).

Detect mind (Level 3, one week of training), does not need to be asleep

This power detects minds (defined here as a consciousness having semi or 
better intelligence, I>1 i.e. animal) within a range of 30' per level of the 
dreamer. The dreamer may concentrate specifically on a single object, 
creature, or area—for example, detect mind would reveal the presence of a mind 
in an object used as a magic jar, or that a being was comatose or under the 
effects of a feign death spell. Note that the body of a creature using an 
astral spell or astral projection, or that of a projected dreamer, does not 
have a mind within it. The power may be used once every four hours for as long 
as it is concentrated on.

Dream observation (Level 3, one week of training)

This power allows the dreamer to take a look at someone else dreams. He must 
be asleep, and his head must touch the head of the other individual. He cannot 
intervene in any manner, but he experience exactly what the other individual 
sees and feels.

Empathic sleep (Level 3, two weeks of training)

This state is similar to awareness sleep, but it is receptive to the minds of 
others and is attuned to the emotional environment as opposed to the physical 
one. Specific thoughts cannot be detected, but general feelings (antipathy, 
respect, happiness, frustration, etc.) and a general identification of 
individuals (by personality, not appearance) is possible. Empathic sleep may 
be sustained for up to 10 hours (including two hours total for entrance and 
emergence; the time is pre designated). After eight hours in this state, the 
dreamer also heals 1 hp. A dreamer in empathic sleep can be awakened and lose 
(that is, never consciously know) information as per awareness sleep.

Level 4

Detect lie (Level 4, two weeks of training), not asleep

In range and effect, this power is similar to the fourth-level clerical spell 
of the same name, though it is not reversible. The dreamer attunes himself to 
the subconscious of the subject to detect if a statement is a falsehood 
compared to what the subject actually knows or thinks he knows (i.e., only 
intentional untruths can be noted). It may be used once every six hours.

Feign death (Level 4, two weeks of training), not asleep

This is the same as the third-level magic-user spell of the same name, except 
that it can only be used by the dreamer himself. It may be used once a day.

Penetrate disguise (Level 4, three weeks of training), does not need to be 
asleep

With this power, the dreamer is able to detect the presence of material or 
magical disguise. This is done by finding out what the subject knows he 
actually is. A discrepancy between this and what the dreamer sees indicates 
something amiss. For example, an assassin may be disguised as a noblewoman or 
may have been polymorphed into a frog, but the assassin's subconscious knows 
what she actually is. The subject is allowed a saving throw vs. spells to 
block the dreamer from viewing his mind. Note that a character afflicted by 
certain forms of insanity (schizoid, megalomaniacal , delusional, 
schizophrenic. hallucinatory, or hebephrenic) can give the dreamer confusing 
signals. A hebephrenic person, for example, would subconsciously perceive 
himself as being a child, though the person may be 40 years old. Unless the 
dreamer knows the nature of the character's malady, the condition might be 
mistaken for a disguise. Penetrate disguise may be used once every eight 
hours.

Level 5

Read alignment (Level 5, two weeks of training), does not need to be asleep

The subject of this power is allowed a saving throw; if the save fails, the 
dreamer is able to access the subject's subconscious to reveal the subject's 
code of values and morals—that is, alignment. Read alignment only works on 
creatures of semi- or greater intelligence (those driven by more than mere 
instinct) and may be used once in every 12-hour period. Note that this power 
may reveal much more than a simple alignment; potential (though not actual) 
treachery or faithfulness can also be determined, as could other factors at 
the DM's option.

Sleeper communication (Level 5, three weeks training)

From deep sleep, the dreamer may utilize this ability to communicate with the 
consciousness of another sleeping creature. If the contacted being is having 
normal or lucid dreams, the dreamer appears in the dream and can communicate 
in it. If the contacted being is not dreaming (arbitrarily an 80% chance if 
not known), then the contact has a 10% chance of awakening him, terminating 
sleep. In the communication, which is made through dreams, the sender and 
receiver may appear in any form they wish while communicating. Both will 
clearly remember the communication when they awaken. Sleeper communication has 
a range of 10 miles per level of the dreamer and may be sustained for a time 
proportional to the level of the dreamer and inversely proportional to the 
distance; in other words, the duration in minutes equals the level of the 
dreamer times 100, divided by the number of miles between the contacting 
minds. For example, a 7th-level dreamer communicating with a being 50 miles 
away could do so for 14 minutes. A dreamer may only attempt communication once 
every eight hours, but has no such limit on receiving communication.

minutes = \F(100 x Dreamer Level, miles)

More than one dreamer can contact a mind at the same time. A favorite tactic 
of high-level dreamers is to communicate inside the mind of a third party, 
either to allow longer communication time or to permit communication despite 
considerable distance. The third party usually wakes up thinking that he has 
had an illogical dream or that he was being contacted by gods or spirits.

Level 6

Lesser prophecy (Level 6, three weeks of training)

From a state of light sleep, a dreamer may receive a lesser prophecy at most 
once in every 12-hour period. It may be utilized to derive the effects of one 
of the following spells: augury (second-level clerical spell), divination 
(fourth-level clerical spell), portent (first-level clerical spell), or 
predict weather (first-level druidic spell). Range, duration, and effect are 
as per the spell chosen, but no material components are required in any case.

Regenerative seep (Level 6, five weeks of training)

In this state, the dreamer's brain "closes down" and enters a suspended state. 
All mental activity is subconscious and entirely directed toward commands for 
cell regrowth, as directed during at least three hours of trance like 
meditation (somewhere between consciousness and lucid dreaming), without 
interruption, immediately before entering regenerative sleep. As such, there 
is little or no noticeable brain activity, although there is heightened cell 
activity for regrowth (2 hp regained per hour). Breathing is deep and steady, 
and heart rate is accelerated.

After up to eight hours of regenerative sleep, the character returns to 
consciousness and feels extremely hungry. He is then able—and will need—to eat 
a full day's quota of food (three full meals), feeling as though it were one 
meal. The dreamer can reenter regenerative sleep again after three hours of 
meditation if he wishes to.

No more than five sequential periods of regenerative sleep may be safely per 
formed. At that point, the character must spend at least three days in normal 
activity and sleep to restore depleted stores of essential nutrients and thus 
allow the cells to readapt to normality. If regenerative sleep is continued 
without the three-day recovery time, healing gains are reduced by half. 
Furthermore, there is a 10% cumulative chance for each additional regenerative 
sleep period of the regrowth going out of control. After the dreamer's maximum 
number of hit points is reached, tissues will continue to grow, becoming 
tumors. At this point, 1 hp per day is lost as the tumors destroy the body's 
functioning. Only a cure disease, heal, limited wish, wish, or alter reality 
spell will reverse this condition; other curative spells will not heal lost 
hit points or stop the degenerative condition.

Level 7

Sleep control (Level 7, one week of training)

This is not a new skill as such, but an improved proficiency in previously 
acquired dreamer abilities. It allows the dreamer to do the following:

1. While asleep, the dreamer may change his basic sleeping mode (normal, 
light, deep), as decided beforehand. For example, the dreamer may choose to 
spend four hours in deep sleep and then change to light for six more.

2. In awareness and empathic sleep, the dreamer can retain a small amount of 
conscious control, so that he is aware of the information being gathered and 
stored; he may choose to cause himself to awaken from those modes on the basis 
of the data (such as detecting antipathy in empathic sleep. If he emerges from 
either sort, of his own will or not, a dreamer who has acquired sleep control 
will not forget the information gathered. When this semi consciousness is 
utilized, hit points are healed at the rate of 1 hp every 12 hours.

3. In regenerative sleep, the dreamer can pay some attention to the healing if 
he goes beyond the dangerous time, which reduces the cumulative chance of 
uncontrolled growth to 5% per regeneration period, but at the same time 
prevents limb regeneration (i.e., 1 hp per hour healing is the only effect).

Sleep suggestion (Level 7, three weeks of training)

This is similar to sleeper communication but is effective only at half the 
range (that is, five miles per level of the dreamer). The subject must be 
asleep. Except for the duration (one hour per level of the dreamer), it is the 
same as the third-level magic-user spell suggestion, and may be used once 
every 24 hours.

Level 8

Illusion (Level 8, four weeks of training), does not need to be asleep

This power is basically treated as a spectral forces spell. The dreamer 
directly places images and other sensory data in the subject's mind, 
overriding those actually perceived by the subject's senses. The dreamer may 
project the illusion into the minds of up to two beings for each of the 
caster's experience levels. Subjects must be within 60' of the dreamer. An 
illusion can be created once per day and lasts as long as the dreamer 
concentrates on it.

Suggestion (Level 8, three weeks of training), does not need to be asleep

This power is an improvement on sleep suggestion, but neither the dreamer nor 
the subject need be asleep. The suggestion does not need to be spoken; it is 
telepathically placed in the subject's subconscious. In range, duration, and 
general effect, it is otherwise the same as the third-level magic-user spell 
of the same name. Dreamers below 10th level may use suggestion once per day; 
10th-level dreamers may use it twice in a day.

Telepathy (Level 8, three weeks training), does not need to be asleep

This is an improved form of sleeper communication and is treated as that power 
except that neither the dreamer nor subject needs to be asleep. It otherwise 
has the same limits on range and usage.

Level 9

Mass suggestion (Level 9, four weeks of training), does not need to be asleep

Mass suggestion can affect more than one subject, as per the sixth-level 
illusionist spell of the same name. The dreamer may utilize it once per day 
(see suggestion).

Projection (Level 9, five weeks of training)

This ability allows the dreamer to create a visible but non corporeal 
projection of himself. The dreamer controls the projection as if it were his 
body, although it does not have physical limitations; like certain undead, it 
can walk through solid objects, over water, or whatever. Normal weapons will 
not harm the projection, but being struck by an enchanted weapon instantly 
forces the dreamer's mind back to his body and suffer physical damages. The 
projection gives the dreamer a full sensory range in the area it is sent to.

The dreamer's projection may exist on the Prime Material plane, or may 
directly enter the plane of Shadow, Astral plane, or Ethereal plane. Through 
the Ether, the Positive and Negative Material, Elemental, Para-elemental, and 
Quasi-elemental planes may be accessed. Movement to these planes is virtually 
instantaneous, since it is the mind that is traveling.

On the Astral plane, however, a mind adopts a physical form with a silver 
cord. Movement and so forth is as if the dreamer were utilizing the clerical 
astral spell (refer to the Manual of the Planes for details). An outer-plane 
destination may be reached, and upon entering another plane the mind returns 
to having a visible, non corporeal form.

To create a projection, the dreamer first enters deep sleep, then slips into a 
semicomatose state (cf. astral spell) as his mind leaves the body and is 
projected elsewhere. The projection may be maintained as long as the dreamer 
desires, until forced back to the body (by being struck as if AC 0 by a 
magical weapon, or by a dispel magic spell cast within range of the projection 
and successful vs. the dreamer's level), or until the comatose body is 
disturbed (as if to be awakened from deep sleep). This power may be used no 
more than once per week.

Level 10

Prophecy (Level 10, special training time)

This ability is properly known as tephramancy, which is the ability to predict 
the future through dreams. It is the most difficult dreamer skill and 
potentially the most powerful; certainly it is the best known. Lesser dreamer 
abilities, such as the three modes of sleeping, work within the dimension of 
the dreamer's mind; median skills, from detect mind to mass suggestion, open 
the dreamer to the minds of others; higher still is projection, which allows 
the dreamer's mind to actually manifest in physical dimensions, albeit non 
corporeal. Tephramancy is the greatest discipline: It opens the dreamer's 
subconscious to the dimension of time, effectively encompassing all of 
existence.

It becomes apparent that prophecy is difficult to set strict rules for and 
what follows are little more than guidelines. The greatest responsibility lies 
with the DM, who must be exceptionally cautious. Always carefully consider 
short-term and long-term influences on the characters and campaign.

For effective use of this, it is necessary to arbitrarily define some aspects 
of the AD&D game universe. The past is considered set and unchangeable. The 
future is a myriad of possibilities and likelihood. The present is where the 
action is. The possibilities of the future are converted to the concreteness 
of the past.

After amassing 294,000 experience points, the dreamer may begin training for 
prophecy. After two weeks of work, the dreamer will have a percentage chance 
of acquiring the ability equal to the sum of his intelligence and wisdom. If 
aided by a mentor who already has prophecy, 10% is added to the chance. If the 
roll fails, the dreamer may continue to train, and each week thereafter the 
chance increases 3% and the dice are rolled again. This reflects the 
difficulty of developing the talent, and that some dreamers are simply able to 
develop it faster.

In preparation for utilizing this power, each dreamer has a unique series of 
actions to perform. One may need to burn and inhale the smoke of a certain 
rare incense or herb. Another may need to surround herself with rose-scented 
candles while meditating. The DM is to devise the requirements for each 
dreamer achieving this skill. Generally, preparations take around half an 
hour. The dreamer then enters deep sleep (in a carefully prepared and 
comfortable area) for three hours.

Tephramancy makes the dreamer's subconscious virtually omniscient in viewing 
the past and present (notably excepting objects and persons magically hidden 
and the possibilities of the future. From all of this, the subconscious mind 
compiles the most likely future, and delivers it to the tephramancer in the 
form of a dream of the predicted series of events. This allows characters to 
influence their fates.

For example, Tharset the All-Seeing is concerned about his friend, the Arch-
Mage Carsyll, who is going to travel through a nasty patch of wilderness. In 
his prophetic dream, he sees Carsyll ambushed by a small army of orcs. Carsyll 
slays them, but is so weakened that he falls prey to a demon lord with a 
grudge against him. From this, Tharset can warn Carsyll, who may not have 
realized the demon's grudge; Carsyll can travel with more careful preparations 
in anticipation of the ambush, put off departure for a day, or take a 
different route. Of course, any of those choices may contain a fate just as 
bad.

One nasty thing is bound to come up at some point: two dreamers prophesying 
about the same event. In the previous example, suppose the demon itself 
employed a dreamer. Theoretically, the second dreamer would have seen that 
Tharset would warn Carsyll, and the demon would then take the route that 
Carsyll would then be prophesied to take, but Tharset would see this and warn 
Carsyll, and so the vicious circle continues. In a case of two dreamers 
viewing the same person, area, or series of possible events within 12 hours of 
each other, the one with more experience would receive the prophecy and the 
other would not (which tells the less experienced tephramancer that someone 
else is interested in the same thing). In cases of more time difference, the 
later prophecy is received, and might in effect nullify the first prediction. 
The DM ought to consider the attendant rivalry among high-level dreamers.

Tephramancy may be employed only once per day. The DM should make the 
materials for it quite expensive, therefore, to prevent overuse. If the DM 
feels a dreamer is abusing his powers, it is possible to cause an occasional 
inaccurate prophecy, provide a foe with a periapt of protection from prophecy 
(see below), or (in extreme circumstances) revoke the power for a time. If 
there is protest, it isn't too difficult to find reasons, even if it is that 
"the gods are offended by the misuse of your talents" — possibly a divinity or 
servant could even tell the dreamer personally (by dream, of course) that his 
prophecy power is suspended.

5.2. Dreamer magical items

The following six enchanted devices imitate, protect against, or enhance 
dreamer abilities. The DM is encouraged to use different forms than those 
listed (such as a ring of communication) for variety.

Coronet of communication

This thin circlet of precious metal affords the wearer the dreamer abilities 
of sleeper communication, suggestion, and telepathy, each once per day. (Sale 
Value: 20,000)

Crystal of awareness

A rock-crystal shard of this nature enables the user to perform the following 
dreamer skills: awareness sleep, detect mind detect lie, empathic sleep, 
penetrate disguise, read alignment, and sleep control. These powers may each 
be used once per day, except awareness and empathic sleep, which may be used 
once per week. If the user is a dreamer, this ring also confers the ability to 
remember sensory information going into and out of awareness and empathic 
sleep. (Sale Value: 20,000)

Jewel of projection

By staring at this magnificent gem and entering a trance, the user is able to 
create a projection of himself. It is otherwise identical to the dreamer 
power, and may be used once per week. (Sale Value: 35,000)

Periapt of prophecy protection

This small device renders the bearer invisible to attempts of prophecy: any 
prophecies in which the bearer would be involved are constructed as if the 
bearer did not exist. The periapt also prevents sleeper communication, sleep 
suggestions, suggestion, and telepathy, and makes the individual immune to 
mass suggestion. (Sale Value: 10,000)

Potion of regeneration

A sip of this fluid gives the taster a tingling feeling. Imbibing the whole 
dose causes the drinker to enter regenerative sleep immediately, for eight 
hours. (Sale Value: 4,000)

Talisman of dreams

This item, which can take any of several forms (usually a small object or 
piece of jewelry adorned by curious runes) gives the bearer the power of 
prophecy. Any dreamer will recognize it for what it is, and will be able to 
use it fully. A non-dreamer can be taught how to use it by a 6th- or higher-
level dreamer. This takes two months minus one day per point of intelligence 
and wisdom of the learner; otherwise, the tephramancy will occur at random, 
allowing a 5% chance anytime the bearer is asleep of prophetic dreams of 
anything important to happen soon. Controlled or randomly, this foresight can 
operate once per week. (Sale Value: 45,000)

5.3. The dreamer in the campaign

Obviously, a dreamer has skills that can be used in dungeon and wilderness 
adventures, but a more important and unique niche can be developed in the 
larger campaign setting. Two ideas follow, mostly applying to NPCs; these are 
generally usable when the dreamer reaches 10th level and either plans to 
retire from play or seeks new horizons.

The Royal Prophet

As the Magician is an important court functionary, even more prominent can be 
the Personal Soothsayer of the monarch or noble—especially if the dreamer has 
spell-casting talents.

Several scenarios can come from this. It is not entirely disagreeable to hold 
such a position (it is possible to be as high as upper-upper class in service 
of a great monarch), and to do so could be the goal of a dreamer of humble 
origins.

Of course, not everyone likes court intrigue, but perhaps the one whose court 
it is wants the dreamer's services even if they have to be obtained by force. 
Fore-warned by his tephramancy, the dreamer could seek the protection of PCs 
(possibly paying in services), or be a player character trying to avoid 
"employment" or escape from forced servitude.

The Oracle

This position especially appeals to cleric/dreamers. A respected and famous 
prophet can establish himself somewhere (perhaps a temple, holy shrine, 
ancient ruin, or any out-of-the-way place; the more famous and respected the 
prophet, the more difficult to get there) and live comfortably off offerings 
left in return for the telling of fate. Just being so far away and legendary 
also increases one's reputation greatly. Though it can be boring for a PC to 
be an oracle, a wilderness adventure to see an oracle can be a challenge. The 
oracle may also demand a quest as payment or merely to prove worthiness for an 
audience. The prophecy itself can be a challenge. Dreamers who are themselves 
uncertain as to what their dreams mean tend to give answers that can be 
interpreted in a variety of ways. And, of course, the compensation for the 
prediction can lighten the characters of that load of treasure they 
accumulated on the way there.
