Peako's Book
O' Cantrips


 Cantrip:The Little Wish
 Wizard Prof Slot:1 wizard,2 Bard,Specialist.3 Rogue,Psi,Priest.
 (Int/-2)
 used to create 4 cantrips +1/level of wizard/bard per day.
 5th level a Wizard need not make a Int check,also can cast unlimited Cantrips
 8th level a Bard can do the same.

 Rosco's Cantrip Mastery (All)
 Level 1
 CT:1+1 per cantrip(MAX 5)
 Components:V,S
 Area of Effect:Same as cantrips
 Save Throw:Special
 Duration:3 rounds

  This spell inables a caste to cast up to 5 cantrips per round provided he
  does not go over his daily allotment of cantrips,it is very useful in
  embarsment of other targets,also it can be cast on mulitiple targets if.
  they are whthin range.

  Rosco's Cantrip Contingency
  Level 1
  CT:1 round
  Components:V,S
  Area of Effect:Caster
  Duration:1 week
  Save Throw:None

  This spell acts in all ways like the Higher level Version but it instead
  causes 4 cantrips to activate instead when triggered.This spell is useful
  when looking for a quick Disguise(Color,Smell,Hairy,Dirty)instant BUM!!
  also useful when one is tied up(untie,unlock,Lockpick,Scissors).Or
  when you wish to Really Scare the Shit out of an Opponent(Zap,Sparks,Boom,
  Glowing Eyes).The possibilities are Endless.Enjoy the Spell.


       Rosco's Book of Cantrips

     Please remember the rules for Cantrips
   1)No cantrip can Directly injure another individual
   2)No cantrip can Directly interupt anothers concentration
   3)When influencing another or anothers possessions then that person
     is intitled to a save vs. spells
   4)Cantrips will not harm any magical item,or any item or person within
     the protection of a Protection from Cantrips Spell
   5)Specialists cannot creat cantrips belonging to their opposition schools
   6)When two wizards are attempting to influence the same person or item
     with teleknesis cantrip or a similar type a Prof Check is Required
     the one with the best check wins.

THIRD LEVEL

Cantrip Semi-Permanency
(Alteration)

Range:          Special
Components:     V, S, M
Duration:       1 day/level
Casting Time:   1 round
Area of Effect: Special
Saving Throw:   None

        This spell affects the duration of cantrips, making the duration of a cantrip equal to 1 day per level
 of the caster.

 FIFTH LEVEL

Cantrip Permanency
(Alteration)

Range:          Special
Components:     V, S, M
Duration:       Permanent
Casting Time:   1 round
Area of Effect: Special
Saving Throw:   None

        This spell affects the duration of cantrips, making the duration of a cantrip permanent.



 Note:By saying directly I mean that a magical force can be created but
  it does not automatically cause damage or throw concentration off for
  another individual.Example A Zap Cantrip creates a Bolt of enengy that
  can both interupt spellcasting and cause damage,but a successful attack
  must still be made by the caster to hit the target.

   Cantrips are the Best thing that ever happened to any low level wizard
   since the sleep spell.(by the way check out the sleepy cantrip.)

   Cantrips:Marbles:can create two handfulls of marbles which when thrown
   cause any walking or running over them to make a Dex check or suffer
   damage from falling,another check is made to stand again.
   Also this spell can be modified to make Caltrops,However they have a
   normal duration compared to the permanant duration of the marbles.


   Balance:This Cantrip gives the caster more control over his equilibrim
   so that he/she may for example cast spells while on board a ship without
   being braced,or it may help in a single Dex feat giving the PC a +1
   bonus to any check for 1 round.For Steadness in a Unsteady enviroment
   it lasts for 1 hour/level.The caster when falling allways lands on his feet.

   Coin:Conjures one Silver that lasts for 5 rounds then disappears.
   if bitten it disappears.

   Sharpen:Can be used to sharpen objects so that they can be used as a
   slashing weapon.Examples a coin can be sharpened so that it can be used
   to inflict 1 point of damage or slice a string of a purse.A thumb nail
   can be sharpened to do the same along to cut roped binding the caster.
   The Somatic component is simply to touch the item to be sharpened with
   ones index finger and to make a hissing noise.

   Boom:This cantrip causes a firecracker to appear in the PC's hand and can
   be thrown up to 10 feet away,it causes a loud bang wherever it hit's and
   usually is used to scare or distract.

   Spark:will ignite any flammable material such as paper or oil,if used
   to catch a persons clothes on fire,then it does after a save vs. spells
   and then it only causes damage on the second round.Range 1 yard

   Conjure Water:can create enough water to satisfy any person for a day,
   or in the Desert for 1/2 day.

   Palm/Place:can cause objects to appear in the casters hand,or cause objects
   in the wizards hand to be teleported into a desired place(such as a purse
   or backpack)each case calls for a save vs spells.Also this cantrip will
   not affect magical items.Useful in retreving spell components from backpack.
   This spell will only affect items that the caster knows are there,such as
   a gold peice that a innkeeper just put in his pocket.Also the spells range
   is 10 feet or less.Also useful for retreiving ones dagger after it has
   fallen.The Range for this spell is 5 feet.

   Snatch:Related to the Palm/Place this cantrip takes items out of anothers
   and places them in the casters,Useful with spell components or small weapons
   such dagger or knives.A save vs spells is also allowed for this spell.

   Unravel/Stitch:This cantrip will unravel a seam of any item of clothing
   such as a purse or shirt causing it to fall apart,Stitch does the opposite
   but a seam must be present.

   Chill/Warm:will cause something or someone to become cold or
   warm.(usually which causes the person to shiver or sweat)

   Glowing Eyes:Causes the PC'S eyes to glow,the color is choosen by the PC
   but if cast before Hypnotism it add's a -1 to the victims save throws if
   he/she looks at the PC's eyes.

   Open/Close:can cause door handles to turn and open slowly/or doors to
   close.If used on chests the lid must be under two pounds in order to lift.

   Unlock/Lock:causes simple locks such as those found on Everyday doors to
   unlock,this spell will not lift bolted doors or those with Superior locks
   made by locksmiths.Also if used on locked chests or cabinents it's chances
   of opening such locks are 5%+3%/Level(8 at first,20 at Fifth)also it
   can be attempted as many times as the caster has levels.

   Mana Meal:Creates 1 small loaf of bread which if used with the water cantrip
   can create enough food to feed the wizard for 1 day,however it is not
   enough to help the PC to gain HP's,it's enough to Prevent loss of HP's.

   Rosco's Annoying Anvil:This spell creates a minature Anvil which weighs
   about 5 lbs. to appear over the victims head,although it causes no damage
   it can cause the individual to fall over in pain(DEX check to remain
   standing),If the target is casting a spell then the anvil waits untill
   the spell is cast.A save throw is possible if the person is expecting
   something to happen.

   Rosco's Card Trick:This Cantrip will conjure a Playing Card of any color
   or shape,if playing a game of cards it can alter a playing card to match
   his description,The verbal component is to whistle "The Gambler" and
   the somatic is to tap the card to be altered.The chance of being caught
   is determined by the DM.

   Rosco's Rubber Ball:Conjures a Blue and Red Ball with a white Stripe in
   the Middle,If thrown the Ranges are 1 2 3. If batted with a Club
   the Ranges become 2 4 6.This cantrip can be used in offensive manner.
   The casting time is 2,The speed Factor is 2 or 4 with a Club.These factors
   can be added together to make an attack.The Ball does 1 point of Punching
   damage which dissapears in 1 turn,This spell is very useful against wizards
   and Priests.

   Rosco's Ball o'Static :This cantrip conjures a ball of static in one
   of the casters Hands,it can be thrown at a target using the casters Thac0
   with Dex adjustments,the Target if hit feels a static shock(no damage) and
   it causes the targets hair to stand up on end for 1 turn and static cling
   to plague him for the day.This gets bad if the target comes in contact
   with alot of people.Of course the Target gets a save throw.Range 1

   Conjure Sunglasses:Creates a pair of Sunglasses for the Caster,with these
   Sunglasses the caster recieves a +1 bonus to any light or Blinding attacks
   of 2nd level or less.The sunglasses only work on Sunny Days.They can be
   altered to help Prevent Snowblindness or SunStroke.

   Conjure Blindfold:This spell conjures a Blindfold that appears on the caster
   it also gives the caster a +1 to his Blind-fighting skills.Very useful
   when taking on Invisible or Gaze powered Creatures.Lasts untill taken off

   Sticky/Slippery:This spell is mainly used to make any area under 1"foot
   either slippery or sticky.Very useful when you see a thief about to draw
   a dagger to stab you with it,or you wish to make a fool of someone by
   making the scroll case there about to give to someone stick to their
   hand causing great woe to the holder.This spell lasts for 2 rounds,a save
   throw is allowed.

   Conjure Lockpick:will create 1 lock pick of the casters choice that lasts
   for 2 turns or untill the lock is picked or the attempt fails.Some Thieves
   who can cast this spell also have a Different Version Conjure"Magic"Key
   which in reality conjures a crowbar to Pry the Lock with,It's duration
   is 1 turn.

   Paintbrush:Creates a Paintbrush tipped with the paint color of the casters
   choice,it is enough to draw a simple picture or write up to five words on
   a surface,after either is done the paintbrush disappears.

   Magic Word:This cantrip creates a mouth such as that on a magic mouth,when
   a certain condition takes place such as a man in green passing within
   1 foot,It speaks one word before dissapating,the max range is one foot.
   Useful as an alarm while sleeping or on ones purse against thieves.

   Jokies Present:This spell creates a Bright Yellow Box with a Red Ribbon
   when the Box is opened it Explodes doing no damage but it Blinds and Deafens
   the holder for 1 round unless a save is made,This spell is one of Rosco's
   Favorites.Duration is Standard

   Rosco's Ripe Tomato:This spell conjures a Very Ripe Tomato that can be
   thrown,it does not substain the person attempting to eat the tomato.
   If thrown it does no damage except to stain the targets clothes and perhaps
   his pride also.

   Bump:This cantrip is used mainly by Gemomancers(Earth Elementalists)
   it is cast on any natural earthen floors or fields,It is mainly used to
   trip running opponents(Save vs.Spells).

   Ball of Smoke:Creates a Ball of smoke that covers a 5'radus for 1 round.
   mainly used for escape attempts.

   Glowing Hand:used by the great Illusionist thief Rasmus,It created an
   image of a glowing hand,this hand lasts for 1 week and is usually used
   as a calling card for crimes or to frighten someone as a pretend curse.

   Ice:Can freeze any cubic foot of water into a single icecube.This
   is useful for creating Ice for drinks at parties.Also it is useful on
   smooth floors,the wizard throws water over the floor and then freezes
   it with this cantrip,causing anyone walking on it to make a dex check
   or fall taking 1d2 points of damage or running to make a dex chack -3
   or take 1d3 points of damage,This cantrip has many uses.

   Rosco's Neck Pinch:This cantrip was taught to Rosco by a Spelljamming
   Grey Elf by the Name of Spack,This Cantrip Gives the Caster a +15%
   chance of Knocking the Target with a Punching Attack.This lasts
   untill the Caster makes a successful Punching Attack or 1 turn.

   Metal Detection:Range 1 foot:this cantrip acts as a scanner in which
   the casters hand senses if metal is within 1 foot of it,used in the
   Griffins Nest Tavern where the Bouncer scans persons to make sure the
   only metal entering is in the persons purse only.No Save.

   Wrap:Creates a small peice of paper which wraps itself around small
   items such as spell components,This cantrip is very useful in conjunction
   with the Palm/Place Cantrip.


   Elemental Shield:Creates a Red Shield around the caster that lasts untill
   concentration ends,it will protect the caster from 8 hp of elemental
   damage,this includes elemental spells cast at him,The caster must
   be crouched with one hand resting on the ground for the spell to succeed.
   No Movement is possible during this cantrip.

   Symbolize:Creates a symbol that can be placed on any flat non-living surface
   it is commonly used by wizards as warnings to other wizards or to inform
   the wizard of another wizards domain.It is only visible when another
   wizard uses any detection spells such as the cantrip Magic Detection.

   DRAIN:This cantrip is the most powerful of all cantrips.With it a Magician
   can Drain Magical Items in order to cast spells already in the wizards
   spellbook.A +1 dagger could power a 1st level spell,A cloak of Elvenkind
   could power a 2nd level spell,a Wand of Lightening could power a 3rd level
   spell.A save throw vs. Distergration is allowed or else the item is
   destroyed.A charged item however does not need this but instead is drained
   of 1d12 charges.This cantrip also has a great effect on the wizard also
   if he fails a System Shock then he passes out for 1d20 rounds.Also if
   the item Distengrates he also takes 1d20 hp of damage.

   Cutting:This cantrip can be used to cut wire and rope up to 1/2 inch.
    I find this one very useful against Bows and Crossbows!

   Adrenaline:This rare cantrip inables the caster to double his/her movement
   rate for 1 round.No extra attacks either..

   Flashlight:This cantrip causes light to spring forth from the casters index
   finger,it can be useful in reading or examining items without using alot
   of light,in close quarter fighting it is useful against anyone using infrav
   ision(save vs. spell to avoid)it lasts untill concentration is broken.
   Range is 5 feet.

   Magic Detection:detects magic within 30 feet of the caster,however source
   is not determined or distinguished.Casters possessions are not detected.

   Zap:This Cantrip Creates a minature Lightening Bolt with can Travel up
   to 10 yards and strike a target doing 1d2 of damage with a successful hit
   (Count DeX bonuses to hit)Ignoring Metal Armors.A save throw is allowed
   for half damage rounded up.This spell will not Penetrate any magically
   protected opponent(anyone wearing a +1 ring,bracers,armor +1 etc...)

   Sleepy:This cantrip causes any person or creature of 1 HD or less to feel
   tired and go to sleep in 1d4 rounds unless a save vs. spells is made.
   This cantrip is used often by Rosco when he is being pursued by guard
   dogs.

   Tasters Choice:Causes items of food to taste as the Caster wishes,Bread
   could taste like Chocolate etc... Other foods in another's possession can
   be altered but allowed a save throw to be altered.

   Count:This allows the caster just by touching somenthing to count how many
   items of his or her choice are within a particular area(1 square foot/level)
   this cantrip is useful in determining how many gold coins are in a purse for
   example.

   Glow:This cantrip can only be cast upon any item that the caster is holding
   or upon the caster himself,it can cause a dagger glow green or the caster
   to glow a bright orange,This glow is useless for the purpose of illumination
   but is useful in scaring the average Humanoid.

   Scorch:This cantrip causes paper or thin wood products to burn away to
   nothing without heat or smoke or flame visible.It's range is 1 foot
   and a save is allowed if such item is in anothers possession.

   Exploding Cork:This cantrip can only be cast on corks,it causes the cork
   to explode in a burst of flame(damage only if anyone is holding the cork
   during explosion.It can be set to explode up to a 1d10 rounds  from when the
   spell is cast,Rosco uses this spell often as a diverson.A flask of Gunpowder
   that is plugged with cork can be a very useful diverson.

   Compass:This cantrip conjures a glowing green arrow that appears floting
   over the casters hand,it points north unless a lodestone is present.

   Paintball:This cantrip conjures a paintpellet which can be used in a sling
   or slingstaff or can  be fired out of a Wheellock Pistol without powder.It
   causes no damage but can be aimed at any part of the target with a called
   shot,ignore armor of enemy when determing to hit or not.If aimed at
   face -8 to hit remember if no closed Helm is worn then it also is AC 10.
   only count DEX and Magic Bonus's.If face is hit allow a save vs spells or
   target is blinded for 1d3 rounds.

   Awareness:This cantrip alters the Casters awareness and concentration,while
   under this cantrip the caster loses all DEX bonus's and can only concentrate
   on one item at a time,such as finding a secret door.A +2 bonus is given to
   anything the caster is concentrating on.This cantrip lasts untill
   concentration is broken.

   Sort:This cantrip is useful in sorting items into piles such as sorting
   gold from copper peices into seperate piles.

   Face:A minor Illusion in which the casters alters his or her own face to
   appear different,it requires great concentration and conversation is not
   possible during the spell.

   Polite(Vaxum):This is one of the best Enchantment/Charm Cantrips known:
   it inables the caster to make one creature potite to the caster for
   as long as the caster is polite to him or untill both parties are out of
   visual range,it does not cause the character to act different from his/her
   alignment but it causes them not to be rude ex.Drawing a sword to Attack.
   A CE character might for example politely tell the caster how in great
   detail how he will crush his bones,but he will not for the spells duration.
   Creatures with 3+1 HD are never affected.

   Clean:This cantrip animated cleaning untensils or creates cleaning untensils
   to clean a specific area (10'Max)or Creature.

   Color:with this cantrip the caster can alter the color of any surface,if
   used on ones body then seperate castings are required for hair skin eyes
   if used on clothes then it can enchante one peice of clothing at a time.
   This is a permanant cantrip

   Hide Footprint:This cantrip will hide any footprints made by the caster
   from the time the spell is cast to till the time that he ceases
   concentration.Some believe that Elves can use this spell permantly.

   Guess:This is a simple Divination Cantrip that allows the caster to
   guess how many fingers a person has up,what card someone is holding,
   what word/number someone is thinking or which hand a particular object is
   in,If the person trying to resist the cantrip then a Save vs. spells is
   allowed.

   Inhance Vision:This cantrip lasts untill Concentration ceases,it allows the
   caster to see 3 times his normal vision,however it blurs all vision
   within 5 yards of him.Often used by Magical Scouts.


   CONJURATION
   Summon:This spell summons or conjures insects,rodents,or non poisonous
   snakes or spiders.Normal Items weighing less than 1 lb can be conjured
   such items cannot be worth more than 1 gp however and may not be made from
   any valueable material.Items 5lbs can be conjured but they have a Duration
   of 1 turn before they disappear.

   ENCHANTMENT
   Telekinesis:This cantrip can move inanimate objects around slowly and
   jerkily.It has a weight limit of 2lbs.

   Influence:This cantrip can influence anothers bodily Functions in such as
   way that he or she can be made to :wink,nod,scratch,belch,fart,giggle,
   sneeze,or perform some other involuntary action.All are allowed a save
   vs. spells and neither can break spellcasting attempts.

   ILLUSIONS:These cantrips can be left up to the Caster,from what I can
   gather they can create 2 dimensional illusions no larger than a bush
   or rug,all illusions disappear upon touching them.Minor sounds can also
   be produced such as single words such as DOOM! or FLEE! and minor Moans
   and Groans and Chains rattling can also be produced.Smells such as
   a stinky fart or the smell of roses in the air,however they are overpowered
   by the stench of some creatures and undead.Also a strong breeze will rid
   ther area of a scent.

   NECROMANCY
   Spoil(Freshen)Food/Flower:This cantrip will spoil or freshen food or small
   vegatation.If used on anothers meal then it requires a save.

   Exterminate:Kill small rodents and bugs with 0 hp,2/level can be killed
   in this manor.

   Animate Animal:This cantrip can animate small rodents,or can animate one
   small mammal such as a dog or cat.Max 2HD per casting

   ABJURATION
   Minor Wards:10 foot radius:These wards can be set to do one of three things
   to keep an area warm/cool,to ward off small insects or rodents,and lastly
   to ward off mist or rain or snow.The duration is standard.

   Dispel Cantrip:Dispels any cantrip in Progress or was cast within the last
   turn.Example it will dispel a newly Animated rat,or change somones food
   fresh if it was spoiled with a recent cantrip.

   Polish:This cantrip will polish any particular surface and help with the
   prevention of Rust.All polished items recieve a +1 to their save throws.


   ELEMENTAL Cantrips:Air Cantrips deal with the creation of mists,puffs of
   smoke,hazes,scents and gusts of wind strong enough to dry wash,disperse
   unpleasant odors or knock small objects off shelves.

   Earth:used to create or alter stone,sand,mud,clouds of dust,minor earth
   tremors,and growth of stalactites.

   Fire:used to create sparks(can be cast up to 1 yard),warmth,flickering
   lights(no stronger than a torch) and can be used to ignite dry paper,
   campfires,or thin sticks.

   Water:can conjure water(described earlier)thick mist(rain if mist already
   present)currents or ripples in water and to create small waves.

   BARDIC Cantrips:Buglecall,Ghostly Music,Tune,Pitch,Or percussion to go
   along with songs can be created.Any Musical cantrip that can be thought
   of.

   And who can forget the most useful Cantrip of all

   Conjure Spunge:This cantrip conjures a brick of Spunge 6 inches in length
   and 4 in width,It is a permant cantrip and the caster can choose the
   color of the Cantrip.Before one laughs try to imagine the numerous uses
   of Spunge.Use your imagination.

   Any other cantrip are up to the Casters imigination use these wisely!.

These Cantrips are from Unearthed Arcana and also Net Spell book



CANTRIPS
========

From: Revised List Processor,
      LISTSERV%UTARLVM1.BITNET@ricevm1.rice.edu


Slider --
This causes a 3' circular area up to 9' distant to briefly (1 second)
become zero co-efficient. It is of instant effect. Instant banana
peel.

Verbal  =>
Somatic =>


Pucker --
This causes a man-sized target's mouth to become "as if alum had been
applied liberally throughout." The net effect is that he cannot speak,
only make "gargly-choking" sounds for the 1-3 seconds duration. Affects
only mansized, or smaller. 10'r.

Verbal  =>
Somatic =>


Ears --
Allows caster to hear any single source of sound he has "targeted", up
to 20'distant. All extraneous noise is blocked/filtered out so that,
for instance, a single person's conversation in a noisy and crowded inn
would be heard clearly for 11-30 seconds. Instant effect.

Verbal  =>
Somatic =>


Chill -- 1 cube yard --
Causes non-living liquid or solid material to become up to 40*F cooler,
subject to a minimum temperature of freezing. Chilling effect lasts
only an instant, after which subject warms slowly back to normal
temperature.

Verbal  => soft whistling
Somatic => down thrust thumb


Clean -- 4 square yards --
Removes heavy soil, dust, etc. from floors, walls, dishes, etc. The
surfaces are then spotless, but care must be taken in removal of
pigments and the like, so usually, only one type of material will be
treated in a single application.

Verbal  => low outrush of air
Somatic => circular hand motion


Colour -- 1 cube yard --
Brings colour to an object. Can be used to restore faded hues or change
the colour of an item. Dull or faded fabric can be brightened, pigments
restored, hair or skin changed to another colour. Effect lasts up to 1
week.

Verbal  => humming
Somatic => back n forth or ringing hand motion


Dampen -- 1 cube yard --
Permeates area with fog-like dampness which leaves all materials in it
damp to the touch.

Verbal  => low hooting or hummed ditty
Somatic => hand gesture upwards with fingers hanging down


Dry -- 1 cube yard --
Removes dampness and excess moisture. Useful for cloth, herbs, cleaning
chores, etc.

Verbal  => none
Somatic => two-handed wringing gesture


Dust -- 10'r --
Removes all fine dust and tiny grit particles from exposed surfaces
such as floors, shelves, walls, etc. Material so removed is transported
elsewhere.

Verbal  => continuous in-drawing of breath
Somatic => back n forth hand gesture


Exterminate -- 1 small creature or 1/2 cube foot--
Kills small pests such as fly, mouse, rat, beetle. This cantrip is not
effective against magically reduced creatures. Sentient creatures do
get a normal save vs spell magic.

Verbal  => zzzt sound
Somatic => pointed finger


Flavour -- 1 object--
Changes flavour of subject, can be superior, worse, different, etc.
Does not affect quality or wholesomeness.

Verbal  => muttered lip-smacking
Somatic => shaking gesture


Freshen -- 1 object (relatively small size) --
Brings new life to food, drink, flowers, etc. Lasts 1 hour.

Verbal  => mmm sound
Somatic => thumb and finger form O, other fingers apart and upright


Gather -- 1 square yard --
Neatly gathers small items into stack or pile. Can be used selectively
to gather one specific type of objects from among others

Verbal  => name of material/object to be gathered
Somatic => gathering motion


Polish -- 1 object --
Magically smooths and brings luster to such materials as wood, metal,
stone, leather, ceramic, etc. Object must be relatively clean. Works
better on smaller items like boots, mirrors, etc.

Verbal  => humming ditty
Somatic => buffing motion


Salt -- 1 object, up to 1 cube yard --
Sprinkles fine salt on any one item -- careful not to use too much.

Verbal  => chk chk sound
Somatic => sprinkling motion


Shine -- 1 object --
Removes tarnish, rust, corrosion, etc.

Verbal  => soft humming
Somatic => buffing motion


Spice -- 1 object --
Brings particular spice or herb to food or drink.

Verbal  => type of herb
Somatic => sprinkling gesture


Sprout -- 1 cube yard --
Accelerates growth of plants. Seeds shoot forth tiny plants. Newly
sprouted plants grow an inch or so. Buds flower. Fruit and vegetables
ripen or even spoil

Verbal  => low rising whistle
Somatic => lifting hand from closed to spread fingers


Stitch -- approximately 20 yards cloth/2 yards leather --
Sews seams in cloth or leather -- neither stronger nor weaker than seam
done without magic.

Verbal  => brief rhyme concerning sewing, seams, stitches, etc.
Somatic => sewing motion


Sweeten -- 1 object --
Adds sweetener; sugar, honey, syrup, etc.

Verbal  => buzzing sound
Somatic => stirring motion


Tie -- 1 object --
Thread, string, cord, rope, cable, etc. will tightly knot itself either
to it's other end or an end of a similar object within 1' of it. Any
normal knot can be produced.

Verbal  => name of knot
Somatic => hold up two fingers and thumb


Warm -- 1 cube yard --
Causes non-living liquid or solid material to become up to 40*F warmer,
subject to a maximum temperature of boiling. Effect lasts only an
instant, after which subject slowly cools to normal temperature.

Verbal  => aaah sound
Somatic => rub hands together briskly


Wrap -- 1 cube yard --
Creates strong sturdy wrapping, of suitable type and thickness, around
item(s). Can be opened normally or ordered to open.

Verbal  => specify general class of wrapping desired
Somatic => folding gestures


Curdle -- 1 object (relatively small) --
Curdles milk and hastens spoilage or wilting.

Verbal  => retching sound
Somatic => thumb pointing downward


Dirty -- 4 square yards --
Soils, spots, or sullys walls, floors, dishes, clothes, etc.

Verbal  => spitting sound
Somatic => shuffle and stamp feet


Dusty -- 10'r --
Causes film of dust and grime to settle on all exposed surfaces.

Verbal  => low humming
Somatic => both hands move in shaking motions


Hairy -- 1 object --
Causes hair, fur, or fur-like growth to thicken and lengthen. Be it
hair, beard, cat, fur coat, etc. Increase is 2-12 in. Must be trimmed
or cut to remove effect. Can be reversed to shorten growth or
effectively shave, effect on material under 1" is complete absence of
growth for 2-12 days.

Verbal  => snicking sound
Somatic => massaging for growth, scissoring for removal


Knot -- 1 object --
Cause thread, rope, cord, etc to knot itself in such a manner as to be
very difficult to untie, requiring from 2-8 rounds. Does not work on
magical ropes, ropes being held onto by a character or creature, or
taut lines.

Verbal  => zzz sound
Somatic => moving arm forward w/strong wrist motion


Ravel -- special -- reverse of stitch --
Unless item was sewn using stitch cantrip. This cantrip will work only
if there a loose or broken thread in the seam or fabric to be
affected. Will not work on magic items such as bags of holding, cloak
of protection, etc.

Verbal  => "ravel"
Somatic => plucking motion


Sour -- 1 object --
Causes food or drink to take on a sour taste -- like vinegar of the
appropriate sort. Typically used to spoil wine, beer, some pastry. Can
cause up to 1 pint of vinegar to appear over subject.

Verbal  => whoosh through pursed lips
Somatic => clenched hand


Spill -- 1 container -- Opposite of gather --
Causes contents of one container to spill out. Containers of up to 1
gal can be turned over and spilled with this cantrip. Does not open
lids or caps if secure.

Verbal  => "uh oh"
Somatic => abrupt hand motion


Tangle -- 1 object --
Causes fine material -- thread, hair, small grass, to become twisted
and entwined in a tangle. Untangling will take 3-12 rounds, unless
roughly done, in which case the material would be broken, torn loose,
etc.

Verbal  => buzzing
Somatic => finger makes stirring motion


Tarnish -- 1 object (1 cube yard or less) --
Causes covering of rust, corrosion, verdigris or the like to any object
normally susceptible to such tarnishing.

Verbal  => spitting sound
Somatic => sprinkling motion


Untie -- 1 object -- Reverse of tie or tangle --
Will not remove both a knot and a tangle. Does not work on magical
items.

Verbal  => popping sound
Somatic => hands moved quickly apart.


Wilt -- 1 object -- Reverse of freshen --
Affects only vegetable matter, whether growing or picked.

Verbal  => descending hum
Somatic => forefinger slowly curls from an upright position


Change -- 1 small object --
Alters one small object into another. The change must be within the
same kingdom. Only animal and vegetable matter is affected. Will not
cause more than 50% in/decrease in size/volume. Effect will last base
of 10 minutes. If change is radical, then the time will be reduced
accordingly. Time can vary from 15 seconds to 24 hours at the GM's
opinion.

Verbal  =>
Somatic => pass hand over object


Distract -- special --
Caster causes all who are watching to look at an area of his choice,
either to the right or left of him and within 10'. Characters with an
IQ 10 or above and high level NPC's at the GM's opinion get a saving
throw. Duration: 5 seconds.

Verbal  =>
Somatic => gesture to right or left


Hide -- 1 object (up to 125 cube foot) --
Hides an object for base of 5 minutes. Desired object becomes invisible
to all who are in front of caster. Does not work if viewers are beside
or behind caster. Does no mask sound, smell. The larger the object, the
shorter the duration and vice versa. For 125 cube feet, duration is 15
seconds. 1 cube foot = 5 minutes 1 cube in or less = 10 minutes.

Verbal  => abracadabra, higgledy-piggledy, or similar.
Somatic => pass hand over top part of object


Mute -- 1 object --
Alters shape of small mineral objects. Can change one metal to another
metal, quartz to diamond, similar items. Does not affect magical items
or items over 5 pounds or 1 cube foot. If another individual touches
the item, they get a saving throw, if they succeed, the cantrip is
dispelled.

Verbal  =>
Somatic => pass hand over object


Palm -- 1 small item --
Caster secrets small object in hand without seeming to. Creates an
illusory duplicate of the object to be palmed, so other can be taken
while under similar to hide. Illusory duplicate lasts only 10 seconds,
then winks out of existence. Magic word is spoken while the finger
points at object to be palmed. Caster then picks up the now invisible
object while seemingly only touching or handling the illusory
duplicate.

Verbal  =>
Somatic =>


Present -- 1 small item --
Brings any small specially prepared object from within 5'r. Object must
have short ritual performed over it to personalise it to the
spellcaster. Size/weight limit: must be smaller than 1 square foot and
5 pounds. Object appears magically in caster's hand.

Verbal  => none
Somatic => as if closing hand over item.


Belch -- 1 person --
Subject involuntarily belches - save applies only to see how loud or
muffled the burping is.

Verbal  => almost inaudible belch
Somatic => hand pressing diaphragm


Blink -- 1 person --
Subject blinks eye or eyes. Successful save indicates single eye wink
or no effect on one eyed creatures

Verbal  => hat-cha-cha? or similar
Somatic => snap fingers

Cough -- 1 person -- Subject coughs spasmicly. Successful save Means
cough is brief hacking. Failed save indicates victim is affected by
loud and active series of coughs lasting 1-4 seconds.

Verbal  => gasp
Somatic => gagging gesture


Giggle -- 1 person --
Subject giggles involuntarily. Loudness and strength are determined by
save.

Verbal  => magic word or phrase
Somatic => one finger moved back and forth rapidly


Nod -- 1 person --
Subject involuntarily nods head as if in greeting or agreement.
Successful save means he doesn't nod.

Verbal  =>
Somatic => slight nod of head, finger points at subject


Scratch -- 1 creature --
Causes subject to experience itch. Unless save is successful, subject
will scratch.

Verbal  => name of some body pest
Somatic => point to area of itch


Sneeze -- 1 creature --
Subject will sneeze unless a successful save is made.

Verbal  => pepper
Somatic => touch nose


Twitch -- 1 creature --
Causes muscle contraction in some portion of subjects appendages -
head, neck, foot, etc. Twitch will be noticeable but will not cause the
subject great discomfort or loss of control or concentration. Cantrip
is negated by a successful save.

Verbal  => name of area to be affected
Somatic => twitch hand


Wink -- 1 person --
Subject winks one eye. Successful save means rapid, barely noticeable
wink. Unsuccessful save means greatly exaggerated wink.

Verbal  => 23 skidoo
Somatic => imperceptible wink


Yawn -- 1 creature --
Evokes a yawn from subject. If save is successful, creature is totally
unaffected.

Verbal  => hum lullaby
Somatic => rocking motion w/hands


Bluelight -- 1/4' diameter sphere --
Conjures a small sphere of glowing blue radiance. Illuminates a 5' area
around itself. Does not cast reflections? beyond this radius. Does not
affect infravision or ultravision. Appears in open palm and remains
there for

Verbal  => any rhyme using words "blue" and "light"
Somatic => open palm


Firefinger -- 2" flame --
Causes a jet of flame to shoot forth from pointing finger. Will ignite
combustibles, provided they are dry. Lasts up to 10 seconds.

Verbal  => ron-zon zip-po, dun-hill, etc.
Somatic => extend forefinger and make sideways motion w/thumb


Smokepuff -- 1' diameter cloud --
Puff of smoke appears up to 10' distant from caster. Acts as normal
cloud of smoke. May be any colour.

Verbal  => colour of smoke desired
Somatic => move hand from extended horizontal position to vertical one
and breathing puff of air


Tweak -- 1 creature --
Unseen thumb and forefinger harmlessly, but annoyingly tweak some
portion of a chosen subject within a 10'r of caster.

Verbal  => kitchy kitchy koo
Somatic => pinching, pulling motion


Unlock -- 1 lock --
Will unlock simple locks of only the most basic type (ie. using
pressure prongs, bolts and pins, bolts and springs). Will not work
w/tumblers, levers, secret combo, or magic locks.

Verbal  => tick-tock double lock, etc. (phrase associated with locks)
Somatic => twisting motion, as if w/key

Vermin -- 1 small bug, etc. or 1-10 very small creatures (at the GM's

option) --
Summons 1 small pest (ie. 1 bug, 1 spider, 1 bee, up to 1 small
mouse). If extremely small pests are summoned, such as gnats, maggots,
lice, etc, it may produce 1-10 at the GM's option. The critters thus
summoned will be confused and annoyed and will react accordingly.
Caster can cause the vermin to appear anywhere up to 10' away from
him.

Verbal  => type of insect desired
Somatic => point at area vermin to appear


Candle -- 10'r --
Will light any one candle, lamp, or treated torch (only these items) or
will douse any one candle or lamp within 10' radius.

Verbal  => "on"
Somatic => flick finger against thumb and point at candle, then lick
           forefinger and rub against thumb


Turn Page -- within 5' --
Turns one page at a time or opens book to specified page.

Verbal  => page # or "next" or "back"
Somatic => palm from up to down


Creak --
Evokes sounds similar to that of a door with corroded hinges slowly
opening (2 seconds) or squeaky floorboards (3 seconds) seaming to to
traverse up to 10'

Verbal  => low creaking noise
Somatic => opening motion or walking motion w/fingers


Footfall --
Audible illusion of footsteps (human, humanoid). The caster chooses
direction and loudness. Must begin within 10' of caster, but may
thereafter move up to 25' away or as close as desired.

Verbal  => footstep sounds
Somatic => point direction and movement


Groan --
Audible illusion of wracking cry within 10' of caster. Can be from
within or behind something.

Verbal  => soft groan in throat
Somatic => pointed finger


Moan --
Pitiful or eerie moan, within 10' of caster.

Verbal  => soft moan in throat
Somatic => pointed finger


Rattle --
Chains rattling up to 2 seconds, must be within 10' of caster.

Verbal  =>
Somatic => vigorously shaking hand


Tap --
Invisible force which will rap against any solid object. Sound will
occur once, twice, or thrice according to the number of fingers
extended by caster. If tapped on living creature, they will feel as if
tapped by finger.

Verbal  =>
Somatic => tapping motions


Thump --
Loud but muffled thump from within 10' radius of caster.

Verbal  =>
Somatic => pointing


Whistle --
Faint or loud whistle from within 10' of caster.

Verbal  => soft whistle, similar to that desired
Somatic => 2 fingers near mouth


Coloured Lights --
Creates 1 or more globes of pastel light. Single globe up to 1' in
diameter, 2 globes up to 6", 3 globes up to 4", etc. Will float near or
rest upon caster as directed by fingers within 3' range. Illuminates a
radius equal to 5x its diameter. If not directed, they will float
aimlessly about, approximately 1' from caster's body.

Verbal  => colour & number desired, and a "magic" word
Somatic => direct globes w/1 or more fingers


Dim --
Causes up to 6 torches, a medium sized fire, or a light spell to be
reduced to only 1/2 their normal radiance. Must be within 10' of
caster.

Verbal  => lee-o-stat??
Somatic => downward direction w/hand


Haze --
Atmosphere becomes hazy, as if layered by smoke. Strike rolls are -1 if
screened by haze. Adds +5% to hide in shadows. Lasts only 10 minutes or
until dispersed/dispelled by natural conditions.

Verbal  =>
Somatic => blows out air & waves hand as if fanning out


Mask -- 1 person, lasts up to 10 minutes --
Creates an illusionary face. Mask is 15% detectable only if another
person closely scrutinises the face. A dispel illusions will work
normally.

Verbal  => descriptive word of visage desired
Somatic => touch face & picture desired visage


Noise -- 10'r. --
Illusory sound of whatever nature can be produced, but it will be
indistinct and confusing, as if at a great distance or produced by many
(things/creatures?).

Verbal  => imitate sounds of type desired
Somatic => point finger


Rainbow --
Creates a 3' long, 1' wide rainbow. Beginning must be within 10' of
caster. Will last up to 5 minutes, then fade away.

Verbal  =>
Somatic => fingers of both hands form pyramid


Two-D-Illusion -- 100 square foot --
Creates a 2 dimensional, still picture, illusion of whatever caster
desires. If seen from 45 or more angle, the nature of the illusion will
be apparent. It can be dispelled by a touch or dispel magic. It is
invisible from the side or rear? and lasts only as long as the caster
concentrates on it.

Verbal  => descriptive phrase of desired illusion
Somatic => circular motion w/closed hand

These are from the net Spellbook




Blank

(Illusion/Phantasm)

Range:  0
Components:  V, S
Duration:  1 hour per level
Casting Time:  1
Area of Effect:  Book touched
Saving Throw:  None
Author:  Thomas Weigel

This cantrip covers the print on the pages of a book and replaces it with the illusion of blank pages.
For the blank pages to be convincing, the pages in the book must be seen by the caster during the
casting, otherwise the blank pages might not match up with the real ones. Also, individual pages
may not be blanked. This is an all or nothing spell. The caster concentrates on blankness while
passing her left hand over the book and muttering the proper words.



Boil Water

(Evocation)

Range:  1 foot
Components:  V, S
Duration:  Permanent
Casting Time:  1 minute
Area of Effect:  One container
Saving Throw:  None
Author:  Unknown

With this cantrip, the wizard can heat the water (or water-based liquid) in a container of up to a
quart to boiling. The wizard must concentrate on the container during the entire casting. The cantrip
is used mainly by herbalists, who use it to create poultices and draughts quickly.



Buggery

(Conjuration/Summoning, Illusion/Phantasm)

Range:  30 feet
Components:  V, S
Duration:  Instantaneous
Casting Time:  1
Area of Effect:  Special
Saving Throw:  Negates
Author:  Jim Vassilakos

The wizard creates a number of small bugs equal to his level. In the illusionist's case, these bugs are
only illusionary, but with the conjurer, they are real. If they are made to appear within the pockets
(or open orifice) of an individual, a saving throw versus spell may apply to negate the cantrip's
effects.



Clean

(Alteration)

Range:  0
Components:  V
Duration:  Instantaneous
Casting Time:  1
Area of Effect:  10x10x10 foot pile of cloth touched
Saving Throw:  None
Author:  Thomas Weigel

This spell removes all small particles from most cloths instantly. All that is required is that the caster
touch the pile of cloths and mutter the short verbal component.



Compass

(Divination)

Range:  0
Components:  V, M
Duration:  1d6 seconds
Casting Time:  4
Area of Effect:  Special
Saving Throw:  None
Author:  Unknown

This cantrip causes a glowing arrow to appear in the cupped palm of the wizard. It is a light green
in colour, and wavers around in the general direction of north. The spell will work underground, as
well as at sea, and is not affected by a lodestone, but it is only exactly right about 25% of the time
and may sometimes be completely off (10% chance). The material component is a sliver of iron.



Count

(Divination)

Range:  0
Components:  V, S
Duration:  Permanent
Casting Time:  1 minute
Area of Effect:  1-yard per level cube touched
Saving Throw:  None
Author:  Unknown

Count verbally announces the number of objects in the specified area (with a minimum of one cube
yard), like grains of sand or pieces of silver. Count can count 10level+1 things, i.e., a 1st-level
wizard can count 100 things, a 2nd-level one 1000 things, a 3rd-level one 10,000 things, and so
on.



Ferment Grape

(Evocation)

Range:  0
Components:  S
Duration:  Permanent
Casting Time:  1
Area of Effect:  One grape
Saving Throw:  None
Author:  Ronald Jones (Greymoon)

By use of this spell an apprentice can convert the contents of a grape into fermented wine. It will
not change the skin of the grape, so it will keep its shape. This spell is mostly used by apprentices
tired of the same old food from teachers who do not approve of alcohol, but it could also be good
in an emergency for use against alcohol-sensitive monsters.



Firefinger

(Evocation)

Range:  0
Components:  V, M
Duration:  Instantaneous
Casting Time:  1
Area of Effect:  The wizard's finger
Saving Throw:  None
Author:  Unknown

When cast, the firefinger cantrip causes flame to spurt several inches from the wizard's
outstretched finger. Combustibles will be ignited by the flame if they are dry. The material
component is pitch, which must be rubbed on the finger prior to casting.



Impersonation

(Illusion)

Range:  0
Components:  V, S, M
Duration:  1 round
Casting Time:  1
Area of Effect:  The caster
Saving Throw:  None
Author:  Unknown

This cantrip allows the wizard to impersonate any speaker with nearly perfect ability. The wizard
can only speak in languages he knows, and must possess a small item recently in close proximity to
the original speaker (for example, an article of clothing). The wizard's audience will probably be
greatly amused if they can see who is speaking, or completely fooled if not. The material
component is a mirror, which is consumed in the casting.



Invisible Scribe

(Conjuration/Summoning)

Range:  3 feet
Components:  V, S, M
Duration:  Concentration
Casting Time:  4
Area of Effect:  Special
Saving Throw:  None
Author:  Unknown

By casting this cantrip, the wizard brings into existence a field of force able to write on normal
materials with a quill pen. The wizard must sit quietly for the duration of the writing, and simply
speaks what is to be written. The invisible scribe writes in a handwriting vaguely like the wizard's in
any language the wizard knows how to read. It is fairly slow. The material component for the spell
is ink, which is consumed in the casting.



Jamye's Appearing Ink

(Alteration)
Reversible

Range:  0
Components:  V
Duration:  Special
Casting Time:  1
Area of Effect:  Special
Saving Throw:  None
Author:  D.J. McCarthy

This cantrip turns a small amount of ink (up to one pint) into water. The ink remains clear and
colourless until it dries, at which time it reverts to its normal state. The reverse, Jamye's
disappearing ink, turns up to a pint of water into an inky liquid that evaporates like water, leaving
no trace when it dries.



Katrine's Mirth

(Illusion/Phantasm)

Range:  20 yards
Components:  S
Duration:  Instantaneous
Casting Time:  1
Area of Effect:  100 yards
Saving Throw:  None
Author:  Thomas Weigel

This cantrip causes a high-pitched, girlish giggle to come into existence somewhere within 20 yards
of the caster. The caster controls where it will sound. It only lasts for a second or two, and
requires the caster to point at the location.



Know Quality

(Divination)

Range:  0
Components:  S, M
Duration:  Permanent
Casting Time:  1
Area of Effect:  Equivalent of one bottle or less
Saving Throw:  None
Author:  Ronald Jones (Greymoon)

By casting this spell, an apprentice or wizard is able to tell what quality of wine or champagne he is
drinking. This spell will let the caster know by quickly flashing a colour, on the surface of the drink,
corresponding to the level of quality. It will also warn of possible spoilage (but not of poison). The
colour black means poor or bad quality. Blue means good or average quality. A light blue means
very good and white means excellent. If the flash is black and red, the wine has spoilt. This spell
was developed by apprentices who were tired of getting poor-quality wines for dinner. They also
didn't want to keep being ripped off in pubs. The material component for this spell is a white
feather.



Know Vintage

(Divination)

Range:  0
Components:  S, M
Duration:  Permanent
Casting Time:  1
Area of Effect:  Equivalent of one bottle or less
Saving Throw:  None
Author:  Ronald Jones (Greymoon)

By use of this spell, an apprentice or wizard is able to tell the vintage (year) of one siingle bottle of
wine or champagne. It is also possible to tell, with a 10% chance of failure, the vineyard or winery
where the wine came from. This spell is very useful for those who are not sure about a particular
bottle of wine. A small drop of wine from the bottle is necessary to cast the spell.



Narek's Shears

(Alteration)
Reversible

Range:  0
Components:  V, S
Duration:  Concentration
Casting Time:  2
Area of Effect:  One target
Saving Throw:  Negates
Author:  Narek

Narek's shears causes hair, fur, or fur-like growth on the target to shorten by up to an inch,
possibly causing it to disappear. Its effect on nearly bare skin is to completely prevent growth for 2
days. The reverse of this spell, augmented hairiness, causes hair or fur to thicken and lengthen by
up to two inches. This increase is permanent until the hair is trimmed or cut. Neither form affects
rugs, furs, or any other hair or fur not on a living body. Unwilling targets get a saving throw versus
spell.



Narin's Mask

(Illusion)

Range:  0
Components:  V, M
Duration:  10 minutes
Casting Time:  3
Area of Effect:  The caster
Saving Throw:  Special
Author:  Narin

This spell causes others to not see the details of the wizard's face. Anyone paying attention to the
wizard is entitled to a saving throw versus spell. If the saving throw succeeds, they realise that they
cannot discern some detail in the wizard's face; careful attention will then negate the spell. A dispel
illusion will cancel the spell entirely. The material component of this spell is a blindfold.



Notice

(Enchantment/Charm)

Range:  0
Components:  V
Duration:  Concentration
Casting Time:  1 round
Area of Effect:  The caster
Saving Throw:  None
Author:  Unknown

With this cantrip, the wizard can put himself into a trance-like state in which he is highly aware of
the details of his surroundings. For the duration of the trance, the wizard is at +2 perception (or +4
if there is something particular he is looking for), but cannot take any actions. Also, he loses any
Dexterity bonus to Armour Class and takes a further -2 penalty, and is likely to ignore most
attempts at communicating with him. The wizard can break the trance at any time.



Pitch

(Evocation)

Range:  0
Components:  V
Duration:  2 rounds
Casting Time:  1
Area of Effect:  The caster
Saving Throw:  None
Author:  Martin Ott

This cantrip sounds a perfectly-tuned note from out of nowhere. The note is centred on the wizard,
and can be heard from a distance of 20 feet. Things that block normal noise (walls, curtains,
silence, 15-foot radius, etc.) block this as well. This spell is useful for tuning instruments "by ear",
or with the help of a tune cantrip.
To cast this cantrip, the caster must speak out loud the name of the note he wishes to hear, such as
"middle C", "B flat", or "quarter-step above the first F sharp above high C".



Remove

(Alteration)

Range:  Touch
Components:  V, S
Duration:  Permanent
Casting Time:  1 round
Area of Effect:  1-yard per level cube touched
Saving Throw:  None
Author:  Unknown

Like sort, remove can remove a number of things from a pile of things. The objects removed are
not gone, but placed on a pile adjacent to the original pile. This cantrip has the same restrictions
and capacities as sort (q.v.).



Sanh's Harmless Ray of Light

(Evocation)

Range:  6 yards + 1 yard per level
Components:  V, S
Duration:  One second
Casting Time:  1
Area of Effect:  One creature
Saving Throw:  Special
Author:  Max Becherer

When cast, a ray of light is emitted from the wizard's index finger, lasting about a second. The
colour is up to the wizard (sunlight cannot be duplicated, as the ray is monochromatic, like a laser).
If aimed at a creature, a saving throw versus spell is required. If the saving throw succeeds, the ray
missed. If it fails, the ray hits, inflicting no damage.
Only a critical failure (1) can result in any ill effect. In that case, the victim was struck in the eyes,
and is dazzled for 1d6 tenths of a round (-2 on all rolls). Of course, if the creature in question is
blind, or immune to such attacks, there is no effect. At the DM's option, creatures particularly
sensitive to light may be dazzled for a longer period of time.
Note: while the spell is magical, the light generated is not, and therefore is not subject to magic
resistance.



Sort

(Alteration)

Range:  0
Components:  V, S
Duration:  Permanent
Casting Time:  1 minute
Area of Effect:  1-yard per level cube touched
Saving Throw:  None
Author:  Unknown

This cantrip separates the specified amount of any mixture of dry materials: salt and pepper, for
example, or gold, platinum, and bronze. The cantrip does not affect living things, and cannot be
used to separate materials bound together, i.e., mortar, plaster or stone.



Stepping Stones

(Evocation)

Range:  0
Components:  V, S
Duration:  1 round per 4 levels
Casting Time:  1
Area of Effect:  Four spheres, 1-foot diameter each
Saving Throw:  None
Author:  Unknown

This cantrip creates 4 spheres of force of approximately 1 foot in diameter. They can be placed
anywhere within 20 feet of each other, and last approximately 1 round per 4 levels of the wizard.
Combat of just about any sort will destroy these very useful discs, so they are not useful in combat.
Furthermore, these disks cannot inflict any damage to anything, since they are made by a cantrip.



Styrman's Luminous Eyes

(Alteration)

Range:  0
Components:  S
Duration:  1 round
Casting Time:  1
Area of Effect:  The caster
Saving Throw:  None
Author:  Styrman

This cantrip causes the caster's eyes to become luminous (not a light source worth a damn, but
pretty impressive).



Tune

(Alteration)
Reversible

Range:  0
Components:  V or M
Duration:  Instantaneous
Casting Time:  1
Area of Effect:  5-foot radius sphere
Saving Throw:  None
Author:  Martin Ott

With this cantrip, the bard can bring one note of an instrument in tune with either a hummed note,
the equivalent note played by a second instrument (in which case the component of the spell is that
other instrument, which is obviously not consumed in the casting; what good would that do?), or
the result of a preceding pitch cantrip (q.v.). The one note will end up perfectly in tune with the
reference note. As many instruments as are in the area of effect can be brought into tune at once.
A well-tuned instrument (with two or more tuned notes) has the effect of making the bard's songs
more melodious and enjoyable; this has the game effects of reducing the saving throws of hostile
creatures versus the bard's mood-altering story telling by 1, as well as making the bard's
morale-boosting song affect the listeners for an additional 50% longer (i.e., one-and-a-half rounds
per level) than it usually does.
Too many notes perfectly tuned on an instrument, however, will have a negative effect on other
bards in the area, who will realise that the tuned instrument has been magically tampered with to
sound so perfect. For each note above one that the instrument has been tuned, the hostile bard
personally gets a +1 to his saving throw versus the playing bard's influencing reactions effects.
Although the tuning is instantaneous, the effects of the cantrip last for a while. In perfect conditions
(humidity on the low side, comfortable temperature, no rough handling), the instrument will stay
tuned for a week. In less than perfect conditions (typical adventuring abuse, for example), the
instrument will have to be re-tuned every day. If the instrument is taken apart for storage, such as
flutes or other woodwinds are, the instrument will have to be re-tuned every time it is reassembled.
The reverse of this cantrip, untune, causes one note of the specified instrument to become horribly
out of tune. It also has the side effect of turning the wizard's hands a brilliant red for one turn after
the cantrip is cast, unfortunately.



Umbrella

(Abjuration)

Range:  0
Components:  V, S
Duration:  1 hour per level
Casting Time:  1
Area of Effect:  The caster
Saving Throw:  None
Author:  Unknown

As with all cantrips, this one can be very useful, but not very powerful. It manifests itself as a field
of force that resembles an umbrella. It lasts for up to one hour per level of the wizard at most, but
if the concentration of the wizard is broken for more than one round, it will fade away. It actually
does have some form and is "worth" 6 HP, but only magical weapons will affect it.



Wash

(Invocation/Evocation)

Range:  0
Components:  V, S
Duration:  Instantaneous
Casting Time:  1
Area of Effect:  One 10x10x10 foot cube
Saving Throw:  None
Author:  Thomas Weigel

This spell removes dirt from all smooth surfaces in the area of effect. This includes skin, dishes, and
stone walls, but not wood (unless highly polished), a dirt floor, etc. The caster sweeps her arm in a
wide arc while muttering the arcane phrase.

Thus ends so far the cantrips of my collection

Peako Macduff

This collection is only intended for Personal Use,Please keep it.
I do not work for T$R but I sure love there stuff.



