Pendragon Productions Catalog

Pendragon Productions is a new shareware company dedicated to providing
the best in quality shareware entertainment.  Pendragon Productions plans
on bringing you many quality products over the next several months.  Listed
below are some of our upcoming products as well as projected release dates.
Note that some of these products will have a registration fee that will
give you certain benefits with that particular product.  The rest of
our products will be free and hopefully of great enjoyment to you.  If you
have any questions, comments, or suggestions feel free to get in touch
with us in one of the following manners:

Internet address:JOHNM81593@AOL.COM
America Online address:JOHNM81593
Compuserve address:76150,3330
Prodigy Address:DVPN74A
Mailing address:  Pendragon Productions
		  c/o John Marchetti
	          PO Box 8147
		  Foster City, CA  94404
BBS Number: Edge of Reality BBS-coming soon!!!
FAX Number:415-571-6936

Thank you once again for taking the time to investigate what we have to 
offer.  Now check out what we have coming up:

-Advanced Dungeons & Dragons support files:

	-Elvish Swords-a list of magical swords forged by elves that
	 would make the finest elvish warrior drool.  
	 Release date: Released
	-Dwarvish Weapons-a list of magical dwarvish weapons that will
	 split the skull of even the toughest orc.
	 Release date:last week of April 1994
	-Dwarvish Armor-a list of magical dwarvish armor forged to protect
   	 the most stubborn race in existence.
	 Release date:next to last week of April 1994
	-Elvish Armor-a list of magical elvish armor that will make your
	 elf the prettiest on the block
	 Release date: second week in May 1994
	-Magical Items-a list of items of varying shapes and sizes that
	 will make all of your monsters' treasure troves complete.
	 Release date:last week of May 1994
	-Magical Spells-some 1st to 3rd level spells that will make your
	 wimpy mages live a little bit longer.
	 Release date:next to last week of April 1994
	-Magical Spells II-some 4th to 6th level spells that will boost
	 the confidence of your wizard.
	 Release date:first week of May 1994
	-Magical Spells III-some 7th to 9th level spells that will rock
	 the world your wizard lives in.
	 Release date:second week of May 1994
-Advanced Dungeons & Dragons modules:
	-Cave of Wonders & Death-a mid level (7th to 10th)adventure that will 
          test the skills of your characters and reward them well if they survive 
	  and flay them alive if they fail.
	  Release date:third week of May 1994
	-Lair of the Wyrm-a high level adventure (11th to 20th) in which
	 the characters must free the land from the power of a ancient red
	 dragon.
	 Release date:last week of July 1994
-Tracks for Stunts:
	-Set One-a dozen tracks for the driving game Stunts that will test
	 your skill as a driver
	 Release date:last week of May 1994
	-Set Two-another dozen tracks for Stunts.
	 Release date:last week of July 1994
	-Set Three-yet another dozen tracks for Stunts.
	 Release date:last week of September 1994
-Misc. Products:
	-Legacy of Arthur-a module for SSI's Unlimited Adventures loosely 
	 based on Arthurian legends.  
	 Release date:second week of August 1994
	-Five Towers of Astonia-a graphic role playing adventure that uses
     	 VGA graphics and Soundblaster support to put you into a mythical 
	 world where you must conquer evil.
	 Release date:last week of December 1994
	-Psycho Dance-a text and graphic adventure where you take a trip
	 to the farside of reality as you play the role of a psycho who
	 kidnaps young women to dance with them.  This game features over
	 100 digitized photos with real actors.  This game will have a 
	 voluntary rating of R due to it's adult situations.
	 Release date:first week of October 1994
	-RADS-a paper and pencil military strategy game starting with
	 the development of continents on a map.  You will make allies,
	 build cities, produce weaponry, and pray for survival.
	 Release date:third week of September 1994

We hope that you look forward to our diverse selection of products.  
Pendragon Productions looks forward to helping you to satisfy your gaming
needs.

 		
	
