ORGANIZATION: Center for Monster Control

MEMBERSHIP: All wizards who have first-hand knowledge of magical
monsters are eligible.

NEW MEMBER REQUIREMENTS: A new member must pay an entrance fee of 500
sp. Additionally, the prospective member must have first-hand knowledge
of a magical monster or a monster wielding magical powers. The board of
magocratics votes on whether the prospective member's knowledge is of
sufficient usefulness to the organization to allow him membership.

ANNUAL DUES: No dues are collected if the bi-monthly meetings are
attended. The member may be assessed a fine if too many meetings are
missed without good reason.
     Although it is not required, members should continue to contribute
knowledge of magical monsters to the organization, so as to maintain
good relations.

BENEFITS: The organization supplies information to its members about
magical monsters including their abilities their weaknesses, and
suggested strategies for defeating or avoiding them. The center has
laboratories for the study of monsters, which are available for its
members. Also, the center has a large library available. The bi-monthly
meetings have guest speakers, special auctions, monster displays,
classes, symposiums, and other interesting monster-related events that
could be quite beneficial to a magic-user.
     New members receive a introductory kit. First, the new member gest
a official membership card. This card allows its members free access to
the center or any of it's many franchises located throughout the
continent. The kit also contains a book, The Official Center for
Monster Control Text, which contains an introduction to the
organization (history, purpose, alumni, etc.), rules of the
organization (membership, dues, meetings, board, etc.), and samples of
its knowledge (information on monsters, facilities available, etc.).
The new member also receives a blank notebook to record information on
new monsters met, and a jar of ink to accompany the notebook.

CHARLES WOODWRIGHT: The center was very surprised when a young magician
brought three caged Nilbogs to its door to meet membership requirement.
The board's vote for Chuck's membership was unanimous since he
delivered the only Nilbogs in captivity. His research on the Nilbogs
proved invaluable as well since the center only had myths and legends
before. Now that the center has living Nilbogs to study and they are
very happy and very pleased with its newest member.
     Chuck has done intersting research in the GoldBug, a creature that
resembles a gold coin.
     If Charles continues to impress the board of magocratics, great
things are in store for this wizard.
