:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.
:   Earth's Dreamlands    :  Info on: RPG's,  :(810)543-8613 :   This File
:RPGNet World HQ & Archive: Drugs, Industrial :(810)543-8451 :  Hatched Over
:  1000's of text files   :  music, Fiction,  :InterNet      :  RPGNet(100)!
:   No Elite / No porn    :   HomeBrew Beer.  :rpgnet@aol.com:
:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.
From: Larry.J.Langley@dartmouth.edu
To: vampire@nerix.nerdc.ufl.edu
Date: 29 Aug 92 17:04:32 EDT
Subject: Oceanic Vampires, part I
Archive: #1232

I created these creatures for an upcoming chronicle set in San Diego.  If
you've ever stood at the ocean's edge at night you know that there is
something wonderful and terrible out there.  I would appreciate any comments
and criticism.

---------------------------------------
Coelacanth
nickname: remoras

        The depths of the ocean, not the world's cities, are the home of this
unusual bloodline.  Protected by the ocean's waters they only need emerge
from the relative safety of the depths of the sea to feed,  and so remain
protected from many of the dangers faced by city dwelling Kindred.  The
origins of the Coelacanth are lost to the past, leaving only myths and
speculations.  Some suggest that a powerful ritual or curse corrupted their
blood much like the Nosferatu or the Assamites.  Others believe that they are
not descended from Caine at all but are an entirely alien lineage.  The
Coelacanth themselves do not retain the traditions of history as the other
clans, and the truth is long forgotten.
        Whatever the origins of the Coelacanth, they differ from most Kindred
in several respects, both inherent and acquired.  Unlike other Vampires, the
Coelacanth--at least until age strengthens other desires--can survive by
feeding on the blood of cold-blooded creatures.  This is almost entirely a
matter of last resort, as Coelacanth will nearly always choose to hunt humans
when they may.  Secondly the blood of the Coelacanth themselves has a
strange, often considered foul, taste to their land bound cousins.  Kindred
encountering or drinking Coelacanth blood need not face madness frenzy no
matter how starved they are--it just isn't appealing enough.  The blood
remains nourishing despite the flavor, though Vampires will feel a bit
sluggish and unpleasant after drinking much.  Coelacanth, on the other hand,
find Kindred blood as attractive as any other, if not more so.  In fact
Coelacanth are particularly susceptible to the sensations of blood and are
likely go into a frenzy no matter how well fed.
        Aside from physical differences, the ability to retreat  beneath the
seas instead of hiding among humanity has markedly affected the development
of Coelacanth society.  Although the availability of choice prey is limited,
with sanctuary beneath the waters Coelacanth need not fear discovery or flame
and find easy protection from sunlight.  Having no historical reasons to
preserve the masquerade, neither having experienced the inquisition nor
fearing (or even in most cases being aware of) the Camarilla, Coelacanth are
learn to accept their nature-- to welcome the beast.  Among the clan,
survival of the fittest is the only law, and Diablerie, especially with the
lack of control they possess in the presence of blood, is a common practice
among the Coelacanth tribes.  They have no reason not to extend this practice
to Kindred of the land and many an unfortunate neonate has fallen prey to a
band of Coelacanth on the Hunt.
        The Coelacanth originate somewhere in the south pacific, although
tribes have slowly spread across the sea to Asia, Australia and the Americas.
They first appeared along the coasts of Central America, and have begun to
spread north and south.  Their presence poses something of a threat to
Kindred in the coastal cities, both because of their tendency toward
Diablerie and by placing the masquerade at risk.   The Coelacanth do not fear
humanity.  Though they do realize the difficulty humanity can present to the
Hunt if organized and are somewhat careful, they follow no strict code and
rarely are victims left alive.  As the Coelacanth hunt off of the coasts of
more populous areas, witnesses to their activities are almost inevitable.
        Like the Hunt, the embrace of a Coelacanth is usually violent and
cruel, often involving drowning the victim.  Typically, once created the
Childe is kept beneath the waters for a great length of time, fed victims by
her sire.   Even as the newly created Coelacanth learns to hunt her sire
tends to accompany the Childe until such time as he feels the neonate has
accepted her fate.  Those who rebel are treated violently until such time as
they submit to the ways of the tribe.  Still, the procedure is by no means as
methodical as the Sabbat or creative as the occasional forced madness of the
Malkavian embrace.   Although most end up surrendering to the violent way of
life of the Coelacanth rapidly losing humanity, occasionally an individual
will hang on to her sanity for some time, escaping perhaps to live a solitary
life.  Even given the chance to escape most remain with their Coelacanth
tribe for lack of knowledge of any other choice, and, because of the
likelihood of frenzy when feeding, even the strongest willed will fall to the
beast eventually.

Appearance:  Coelacanth tend to develop large rounded eyes and smooth
hairless rubbery skin as they age.  Because of their undersea existence,
Coelacanth do not bother with clothes and other human trappings.

Haven:  Caves under the sea, or the darkest depth of sea canyons.

Background:  Coelacanth embrace when the numbers of a tribe seem low, at the
command of elders, or when particularly impressed by a meal.  They tend to
embrace those who are athletic or physically strong, though they may embrace
anyone they please.  Often those who put up enough of a struggle to impress
the Coelacanth are chosen.  Physical attributes and talents are primary for
almost every Coelacanth.

Character Creation:  Coelacanth could have almost any nature, though  a
nature inappropriate to Coelacanth existence may result in a quick
destruction.  Demeanors tend toward those that can survive the violence of
the tribes.    In order to have survived for so long most older Coelacanth
possess violent or dictatorial natures as well.

Clan Disciplines: Potence, Fortitude, Aqueous

Weaknesses:  Coelacanth find blood almost impossible to resist.  Coelacanth
are susceptible to madness frenzy if down by more than a single blood point.
Resistance rolls when hungry (three or fewer blood points) are against
difficulty +3.

Organization:  The Coelacanth usually exist in small tribes led by an elder
who never leaves the depths of the sea.  Instead he requires his brood to
bring him blood or subsists on the blood of his brood.  Diablerie is quite
common among the Coelacanth especially in the midst of a blood frenzy.
Coelacanth tribes normally exist under the laws of strongest survive.

Gaining Clan Prestige:   The only way a Coalinth gains prestige among her
kind is to defeat (often kill) those who are more powerful than her, and
intimidate those who are weaker.

Quote: "We understand where we exist in the world.  The law of the ocean is
kill or be killed.  The strongest and most dangerous survive."

Stereotypes:

The Camarilla--What ridiculous pretensions.  They do not know what they are:
does the shark take on the habits of a school of minnows, behaving for all
the world like its next meal?

"Should these monsters appear along your shores, hunt them until they are
entirely destroyed or driven off, for they are brutal, messy and clumsy, a
danger to the masquerade and would sooner drink your blood than any."

        Estria-- Prince of Panama City

The Sabbat--They live as foolishly as the Camarilla, though at least they
recognize that they are all killers.

"You have not witnessed a blood frenzy until you have seen these creatures
feed.  It seems, however, that they lack imagination or ambition.  In the
struggle, they may make most useful tools . . ."

        Erik-- Sabbat Scout to the west coast.

The Inconnu-- mmm, such potent blood.

"These creatures are merely terrible reflections of ourselves in the waters
of the sea, a mirror vision of our potential under the sway of the beast."

        Ia -- fifth generation Toreador
----
From: Larry.J.Langley@dartmouth.edu
To: vampire@nerix.nerdc.ufl.edu
Date: 29 Aug 92 17:06:18 EDT
Subject: Oceanic Vampires, part II
Archive: #1233

Aqueous

This discipline allow the Coelacanth to make use of the advantages of the
ocean to aid their survival.  Similar to Protean or Serpentis, Kindred
possessing this discipline must spend one blood point when using a power that
involves active transformation.  Vampires learning this discipline also begin
to develop slight physical changes for each level of Aqueous gained.  These
changes slowly adapt the Vampire to an underwater existence.  A Vampire may
gain rounded eyes, smooth hairless skin, etc.

Level One:

Senses of the water.
        The senses of the Coelacanth physically alter to adapt to underwater
conditions.  This affects all the Vampire's senses to a greater or lesser
degree:  the pupils widen and the eyes gain a protective sheath, the ears
become better able to translate underwater sounds, the sense of 'smell' works
through water to a fine degree, etc.

Level Two:

Ocean's hands.
        The Vampire's fingers and toes lengthen and become webbed allowing
the Vampire to swim quite easily underwater.

Level Three:

Haven of the depths.
        Changes occur in the Coelacanth's body so that she can handle the
most severe water pressure allowing her to survive in the deepest ocean
chasm.  The Vampire also adapts to cold and her body will not freeze except
in the most extreme conditions.

Level Four:

Hunter's awakening.
        With this level of ability a Coelacanth may transform into a shark
(the exact type of shark is up to the story teller).

Level Five:

Watery form.
        The Coelacanth can transform his body into saltwater.  In this form
he may move about freely underwater (at about a walking pace) and is not
subject to physical attack, much as the advantages gained in mist form.  On
land, the Vampire can only ooze along very slowly though may move through
even the smallest openings.

Level Six:

Bounty of the ocean.
        Each time a Vampire learns this aspect of the discipline she may
develop a unique (often frightening) form that she can transform into.  Some
possibilities include changing arms into numerous tentacles, gaining a head
of a shark, growing quills with deadly venom, or gaining the ability to
deliver powerful electrical shocks.  Only one form is gained each time this
power is learned, though the possibilities are only limited by the strange
creatures of the sea and your imagination.  The storyteller will need to
determine the exact abilities of each form.

Level Seven:

Cross the ocean's vastness.
        The Vampire uses the water around his body to travel great distances.
The Vampire can move through the water at speeds over a hundred knots all
night without tiring.

Level Eight:

Grow to full greatness.
        Through time and the consumption of vast amount of blood, the
Coelacanth's body begins to grow.  Kindred with this ability may increase in
mass to the point that they may add health levels to their total beyond the
usual seven.  A Vampire may add up to her stamina in new health levels.  The
exact rate of growth is up to the storyteller, but it is likely to occur at
approximately one health level per century depending on how much blood the
Vampire is able to freely consume.  When out of water the Kindred must
subtract the number of new health levels from any activity involving
athletics.

Level Nine:

Swallow.
        A truly horrible power to witness, the Coelacanth consumes living
organisms by absorbing them directly into his body.  This requires that the
Kindred first grapple the target and on the next action make a successful
attack with difficulty 5.  Five successes are required to completely absorb
the victim.  After a creature is absorbed it may make no physical action, but
it remains alive and in great pain.   Someone so absorbed must expend a
willpower point a turn to make use any mental abilities.  After ingesting a
creature the Vampire begins to drain blood from the creature at double the
usual rate.  Once the victim has been entirely drained it is dead and the
physical body is for the most part  destroyed, although the Vampire will
eventually excrete some waste matter through the skin.    A Vampire may
absorb no more than his mass in victims each night.

Level Ten:

Ocean's master.
        This powerful ability allows the Coelacanth, after transforming into
a watery form to extend herself throughout the surrounding water and control
its motion.  Using this ability the Vampire can perform actions ranging from
creating an unusual tide in a local area (a bay for example) to forming a
whirlpool that can sink ships to becoming a tidal wave.  All of these
manifestations require several hours time and the expenditure of ten or more
blood points.
----
