                                  WARHAMMER 

                         A Fantasy Role Playing Game
                            

                           Into the Mages' Coffin
                            
                        by J. Lambregts & F. Lubbers
                             
 CREDITS: 
 This adventure was originally written by Jan Lambregts, and later sharpened
 and, lucky you, translated to English by Frank Lubbers. 
 If you like this one: there alot more where tihs came from.......
 So support us and send your adventures into the world too! You can send them
 to the official WFRP Mailing List or send 'em to: frankl@stack.urc.tue.nl
 Have fun and may WFRP roam the net 4ever!

 DISCLAIMER: 
 Sorry about my, sometimes, very very very bad english. But I'm daring you,
 try and translate this back into Dutch! :))
 Also note that this english version is shortened a little; the original had 
 about 25 pages (in Word 6.0).


Episode 1: Getting Started

The adventures starts of in a little village in the direct surroundings of 
Nuln. This place, called Astebia, is an especially boring place for our noble
adventurers to be. Give'm a reason to get here, or imporvise a bit. My players
had just accompagnied a caravan of goods, which they guarded with their life.
It paid them 7 GC each, but the stay in Astebia costed and equal amount on beer
and food. (Altough I think it was mainly the beer!)                           
Now the guys get bored and leave the village, maybe going to their base?
It should at least take about 1 week to get there! This is where the fun starts 
of...


Episode 2: Travelling down the road

On their way back to civilisation the players have an encounter in the late
afternoon. From beside the road a Warrior of Chaos and 4 beastmen run towards
the players, and start to hack 'n slash!

Warrior of Chaos
 M  WS   BS   S    T   W    I   A   Dex Ld   Int Cl   WP  Fel
 5  59   49   5    4  10   61   2   89  89   89  89   89  18
Skills: - Strike Mighty Blow
        - Dodge Blow
        - Strike to Stun/Injure
Trappings: - Knight's Helm
           - Gauntlet's
           - Sleeved Mail Coat (Chaos Black)
           - 2H-sword (25% chance of normal Magic attack)
           - purse (41 GC 13/34)

Chaos Beastmen
 M  WS   BS   S    T   W    I   A   Dex Ld   Int Cl   WP  Fel
 4  41   25   3    4  11   34   1   30  29   24  29   24  10
Skills: - Strike Mighty Blow
        - Dodge BLow
Trappings: - Mail Coat
           - Sword/Axe
           - Shield

After having destroyed the attackers (or have fleed) they can walk on for 
another 2 hours before the darkness falls. Because of the chilling wind the 
player should maintain a fire through the night. This is essential for the
rest of the adventure! If they refuse to light some campfire, scare them with 
a little cold or so. That'll make sure to have them light a fire the next 
time!


Episode 3: A Cry for Help

Just when the players wanted to get to sleep a thick mist comes out of nowhere
a surrounds the complete camp. When the players are sitting close to each 
other they're just about to see each other. The middle of the camp, the fire,
is getting more and more clear instead. Then a face becomes visible in the fire
and the air starts to 'twist & shout'. A pale and skinny face with a long white
beard and heavily fatigued eyes mark the face. The image is vague and doesn't
seem to notice you. Then, after a short hesitation, a voice rises and starts
speaking at a monotome way:

Hail to thee travellers,
This is an illusion, but don't be afraid, I beg thee to listen.....
Listen carefully.....You can hear me, but I can't here you.....
Once... (the face fades a bit, and returns less sharp)
Damn, aahh time is running short.....
My name is Nomagionysos. Once, about at least 100 years ago, I was a powerfull
wizard. And a fine one too, those were the days.....
I was involved in a long during enmity - I won't bother you with causes or
details, besides there's no time for that.....
Well, I got into a fight with Brodovicio, another sorceror who lead a group of
Evil Wizards.....
Things got out of hand..... and..... he send a group of his followers to kill 
me.....
They came to my residence..... a tower..... which lies in the middle of the
Vandrake lake..... They had underestimated me, I succeed to kill his followers
with help of my own followers. (don't have an other word for that :)) )
Brodovicio got furious..... and cursed them all......
After the assault I rested..... he attacked..... I couldn't maintain the Zone
of Protection.....
He penetrated with his mind...... couldn't kill me that way.....
He locked me in a..... and lowered the tower into..... onto the bottom.....
Time stoped ticking for me..... had been robbed of Magickal powers.....
Or so he thought.....
Now after..... merely 137 years I had..... enough power to..... send out this
illusion.....and raise the tower.....
The lake lies due east..... at 1 days walk.....
When the clock strikes 12..... knock on the door with this staff.....
at the last..... strike the door will open..... for 20 seconds.....
After another 12..... hours the door can..... be opened again..... Should you
fail..... to return..... remains closed.....
There are traps and..... many dangeres like..... (the pictures almost disappears
and returns for a last time) Save..... me..... I will..... give.....
anything..... you..... wish..... Last..... hope.....
Take..... the..... staff..... has..... Light.....ning.....
On..... word..... L...ig...th...n..................

The image disappears in a huge red flame, which colors blue and bursts into
the sky. Meanwhile a chilling scream can be heard. Now a large purple ball is
formed in the sky, which explodes into a huge white swan. After some 10 secs 
the swan disppears. Where the face manifested itself now a beautifull ebony
staff with a lint tied to it, lies on  the ground. A cold and chilling glow 
emerges from the staff, and a swan is carved into the handle.

Magic Staff of Nomagionysos
  - Dispel Magic Zone  (2 times a day, combined with D.M.A.)
  - Dispel Magic Aura  (dito, with D.M.Z.)
  - Lightning Bolt     (3 times a day, WFRP pag. 157)
  - Aura of Protection (T+2 to bearer, WFRP pag. 167)

After some 48 hours the staff crumbles to dust, if the players didn't achieve
the goal of freeing Nomagionysos.
The next day the player can continue their journey, having at least 35% chance
of encountering someone, who's willing to point them out the Vandrake Lake.
Maybe (25% ?) this person is willing to tell something about the sage about
Nomagionysos, but only if they ask 'em to! At the end of the afternoon they'll
reach a quite and ellipsoide (??) shaped lake. It's approx. 200 x 300 yards. 
It's a complete natural lake, which was founded by containing rainwater. 
It's depth is approx. 30y deep in the middle.
Proceed to Episode 5, because 4 is mainly history/sage!


Episode 4: The History of Nomagionysos

About some 140 years ago Nomagionysos and Brodovicio got into a fight at a
standard wizard 'convention' (?). Nomagionysos thought that wizards like 
Brodovicio (who in fact fought for rights of Necromancers and Demonologists) 
gave a bad name to all other wizards too. Brodovicio, who desperately kept it
a secret that he was a 4th level Necromancer, had been leading a group of
Necromancers for years now, and had good comtacts with Demonologists. He states
that this form of 'arcane study' can serve overall science . OK, it's a bit 
extra-ordinary, but the knowledge can be astonishing. Think about it: control
the death, or even evading it! Maybe controlling Daemons for real nasty taks.
Nomagionysos gets angry and states that those powers should belong and only
belong to Gods. Mere mortals using this powers will invoke the wrath of the
Gods. Besides, Daemons can't be controlled forever; they'll prevail in the end.
If this wasn't enough, Nomagionysos accuses Brodovicio of the Evil Art of 
Necromancy and threatens to send the Witchhunters after him. They part in anger
and 2 weeks later serveral followers of Nomagionysos are brutally murdered.
Offcourse Brodovicio is suspected to have given the orders and the Witchhunters
are send after him. The Witchhunters think there's enough proof and set out to
catch Brodovicio. What a shame, he can't be found nor his followers.
Three long months nothing happens and Nomagionysos starts thinking he'd seen
the last of Brodovicio. Then the killing starts.....
When Nomagionysos' best friend gets decapitated (?) they decide to withdraw
to the tower in the Vandrake lake. The tower gets secured by Power Jewels in
the centre of the tower, which form a strong and powerfull pentagram.
This pentragram concentrates a zone of Sanctuary and a zone of Protection
around the tower. From this 'safe haven' Nomagionysos called Assassins, helped
Witchhunters en directed spies to track down Brodovicio. This guy had build up
a powerfull group of followers, and got his hands on a Power Ring which doubled
his power for awhile. Brodovicio hid himself in an underground complex deep 
in the forest. From here he prepared an assault on the tower. His mind would
distract other wizards while his followers would neutralize Nomagionysos.
No one had the power to kill Nomagionysos, but they could trap him into a box
eternally. A traitor was needed to disrupt the pentragram so that the followers
of Brodovicio could enter the tower. After a couple of months all was set and
the assault could start. All went according the plan: the pentagram was 
disrupted by a traitor (who got killed doing this) and followers rushed into 
the tower. They did mayor damage with their dark, foul magick. A gigantisc 
fight emerged inside the tower between the 2 parties. The tower shaked on the
fundaments it was built on. In the beginning the followers of Brodovicio were
winning, raging and screaming, killing followers of Nomagionysos all over the
place. The wrath of Nomagionysos was terrible: sitting on his ebony throne
his sproke thrilling incantonations. Followers of Brodovicio snaped like 
lucifers and they paniced. Many tried to escape and got killed. The hard core
maintained and succeeded in heavily wounding Nomagionysos before they got
wiped out. Nomagionysos gets carried into the top of the tower to be healed,
being unable to recharge the pentragram. This has to be done each time the
equilibrium is disrupted. His followers restore the pentagram, and think they
are safe, not knowing of the malfunction.
Brodovicio, who completed his part of the plan, gets furious when he hears 
about the failure of his followers. He curses the lost souls so they won't
rest in peace. He decides to give away his safeplace and hurls out to the 
tower, to finish off Nomagionysos himself. 
After 3 days Brodovicio reaches the lake. Nomagionysos is still badly injured,
but most of the dead are allready buried and find peace. Because of the 
malfunction of the zones, Brodovicio sees chance to enter the tower as a 
lightning bolt and kill of all other followers of Nomagionysos. The master 
himself is a different story, Brodovicio with all his power is still unable
to kill the wounded Nomagionysos. He decides to lock him up in the highest
tower. The body gets placed in a metal, magickally locked chest with a big
lock on it. The lock features 4 big holes. To open the lock 4 magickal items
must be placed in the holes. The destruction of these items will provide the
power needed to reopen the chest. All in the chest is taken of its magickal
power. When completing the chest Brodovicio doesn't notice that Nomagionysos
is recharging the pentagram. Just when the last foul spell is cast, the 
pentagram is recharged and Brodovicio is thrown out of the tower.
After some 3 hours Brodovicio regains contiousness and starts laughing
histerically. Alltough he can't strip the tower from its wealth now, he's glad
Nomagionysos is out of function. With some very powerfull spells the tower is
lowered onto the bottom of the lake, which is placed to some other, unknown
place in the Empire. 
A couple of months later justice comes in and Brodovicio gets killed by some
friends of Nomagionysos. 
No one has have ever since seen or heard anything on Nomagionysos, or his tower. 
Luckily Nomagionysios didn't lose all of his magickal strength, and after 137
years he's strong enough to send out an illusion and raise the tower!
The tower will be raised the next night, at 23.00 hours. Now his powers are
lost for another 150 years to come. Due to the power of the chest Nomagionysos
did not age. Nor did the tower from the inside. 
Inside the tower the ghosts of followers of both sides haunt; because they
weren't buried or were cursed by Brodovicio. Mainly through hints and tips
from Nomagionysos' followers the players will have to find out what has 
happened and how to open the chest.
Followers of Brodovicio are potential enemies. (Wraiths)
When the players try to slip away with a bunch of magickal items some ghosts
will hint them, that these will devaluate outside the tower and probably 
crumble to dust. (not necissarily but don't over do it!!)
Another problem may be time. When they don't succeed to escape in time, there's
a serious problem. I don't like the idea of this.....
The tower will descent to the bottom again, the next day at 15.00 hours.
The players should keep will informed about the time. The clock in the tower
strikes once every half hour and x times on the whole hour.


Episode 5: Nomagionysos' Tower

At exactly 23.00 hours the water of the lake starts to wave in the middle and
huge walls of water travel around the lake. After a fraction of some seconds
waves of some 10 m high, come together in the middle of the lake, forming a
huge pillar. When the water mist clears, your senses are being dulled by this
brute force of nature, and you're able to look up again a huge tower has arisen
from the lake. The brute forces of the water circle around the tower and the 
waves clash on the island. A small road (it had been 3y wide, now only 2y can
be seen) leeds towards the island. The tower looks ruinous and aged, eaten by
weeds and completely green of seaweed. The stones of which the tower was build 
became very slippery. This is also true for the small road towards the tower.
High in the tower large swans, black and white ones, circle around a big clock.
Now a thick mist surrounds the lake, the lake itself however remains clear.
The small road:
When the players take a better look at the road they'll notice the green color
and the fact that it is really slippery. Once in a while waves submerge the
road. At the end of the road (40y) a steep step towards the door can be seen.
Sideways to the road wooden pillars stand, 1 every 10y. They don't look very
firm. If the players start to just walk to the other side, there's a risk test
for every 10y they travel. Should a test fail, the player looses his stability
which causes D3 wounds. Now an extra risk test should be made, in case this 
fails the player slips into the water. The water will take the player and throw
him on the island after D6 rounds. Every round D3 wounds are inflicted on a
failed risk test. 
There are, ofcourse, more genius ways to try and reach the island. When the
pillars are used the base of breaking chance is 50%, which decreases with 10%
for every pillar attached to the construction.
The steep steps:
The steps are worn by time, it actually looks more like a soaped hill. (?)
At the top of the stairs some pointed pillars can be seen. A risk test to 
climb is based at 40% failure, causing D3 wounds. Using a rope reduces the risk
to 15%. The rope should at least be some 12y long.
The door:
At first sight the door looked decayed, but now the perfect condition can
be truely seen. The door is made of ebony and looks very resilient. In fact,
it can't be opened or damaged because of the Zone of Proctection. 
The only way to open the door is to knock on the door with the staff of 
Nomagionysos at the 12th stroke of the tower's clock. Then the door will open,
giving the player 20 secs time to enter the tower. Hereafter the Zone closes
again and no one will be able to enter or leave the tower for the next 12 hours. 
Anyone in the doorhold when the door closes suffers D3 S10 hits. The same
procedure can be repeated after exact 12 hours. Another 3 hours later the tower
will submerge again, if Noagionysos isn't set free. The players now can die 
in peace!


Episode 6: A Bloody Portal

After your entry you find yourselves in a dark room. Some light should be
made, unburnt torches hang on the walls. After having ajusted to the low light
level a sort of portal can be seen. The room is a total chaos, walls are torn
down, furniture is shattered and lies with various weapons on the ground. 
Black/red and blue/white robed bodies cover the marvellous marble floor.
There are 7 bodies on the floor. The walls are covered with carpets which are
covered with blood and are torn all over. The carpet which covered the floor
has been burned away. Straight ahead there's a big door which is opened partly.
To the left and right are stairs which lead down. 
The robes contain the skeletons of followers which died in the struggle for the
tower. The room has been completely destroyed, the Robes contain:
- 3 swords, 1 axe, 2 maces, 5 knives, 2 Wizard Staffs
- 2 Beltbags with ingredients:
       - phial of alcohol
       - 1 ball of sulphur
       - 2 pieces of lint
       - 1 great scalp of red hair
       - 1 small silver hammer
       - 2 waterflasks (empty)
After the investigation an ethereal floating figure become visible to the 
players, comforting them if needed. He can't be killed nor scared and will 
remain to comfort the players. 
~Don't be scared strangers, my name is Zheifor. Once I was a strong wizard,
follower of Nomagionysos. Those were the days..... But we were beaten by the
evil wizard Brodovicio and were cursed to roam this tower eternally. The 
followers of Brodovicio got cursed too because they didn't achieve victory.
Beware of them, they're torn apart by revenge. They can't harm us but you
are in serious danger so avoid them! That's all I can do for thee, maybe 
you should go to the library and ask for Endiv. Tell'm Zheifor sent you.~
The ghost fades and disappears.
EXITS: - the door straight ahead: episode 7
       - left stairs down: episode 15
       - right stairs down: episode 21


Episode 7: A Warm Welcome

When you push the doors a little further open (S-test) a large round hal can
be entered, which is surrounded by pillars. (perystilium) High in the air the 
pillars come together and form a large balcony. Between the pillars decorative
wooden shields. The room is about 25y high with torches all over the place.
At least this used to be, now a gigantic ravage covers the room. Ruined pieces
of pillars are shattered about. There are cracks in the sooted walls. This room
is covered by many, many corpses. A first estimation gives about 40. The bodies
lie shattered over the furniture, some are completely burned away.
On the other side of the room a large ebony throne stands on a raised platform.
There are some skeletons with black/red robes hanging on the throne, which is
actually the only undamaged thing in the room. A few corpses hang down from an
iron wire which is attached to the balcony. On the left and right side of the
room oak spiral staircase give way to upper room, although there are many dead
man which lie on it. Next to the right staircase there's another door. The 
pillars are painted with big landscape sights. 
The remains carry:
- 19 swords (1 magick weapon: Causes Fear, Fire Attack; WFRP pag 189)
- 4 axes, 11 maces, 29 knives, 3 spears, 2 javelins, 5 crossbows & 43 bolts in
  5 quivers, 3 normal bows & 13 bolts
- 12 Wizards' Staffs (1 magickal, contains Righteous Silver) The other staffs 
  contain energy, but it's not usuable anymore. (do NOT count as magickal
  item for opening the chest!)
- 10 beltbags containing ingredients: 
     - 13 flasks containing unidentifiable shit. (brains/hearts)
     - 1 thigh bone (of a Chaos Beastman)
     - 2 religious symbols (of Shallya)
     - 3 balls of sulphur
     - 2 tuning forks
     - 3 small iron rings
     - 1 wing feather 
     - 1 tail of a scorpion
     - 1 pair of magnets
     - 3 pieces of lint
     - 1 small silver pentagram
     - 1 little sack full of pebbles
     - 1 jawbone of a Troll
     - 3 pieces of shroud
     - 1 mask
     - 6 models of buildings/persons etc.
     - 1 right hand, 2 pieces of skin
When the players look up again after dividing the 'loot', 2 man appear on the
spiral staircases. They carry black-red, excentrical robes and a glimmering
sword ready to attack. The faces are hidden behind large, heavily decorated
helms. Both look very identical. 
The enemies are Wraiths, which can only been seen at short range. They appear
to be black with sparkling red eyes. At first they'll remain static, but after
2 minutes they'll start to descend and charge the players. Conversation isn't
possible anymore, the Wraiths are too far gone. If the fight is going too 
smooth an extra Wraith will appear in 3D6 rounds. 

Wraiths of Brodovicio
 M  WS   BS   S    T   W    I   A   Dex Ld   Int Cl   WP  Fel
 4  17    0   3    4  11   30   2    -  18   18  18   18   -
Special Rules applied here:
Wraiths cannot be wounded by non-magical weapons. Hits
from Wraiths do not cause Wound damage, but deduct 1
point from the victim's Strenght. The charcter is slain
when his Strenght is reduced  to zero strenght. Strenght
may be regained at 1 per day of complete rest. The
attacks count as magical attacks.
EXITS: - left or right spiral staircase: episode 8
       - door next to right stairs: episode 28


Episode 8: Floor 1

The staircase reaches after some 12 yards of climbing a balcony, and continues
to the next floor. Now the ravage caused by the assault can be truely seen.
On the banister another dozen bodies can be seen, bent in unnatural ways.
The walls aren't damaged as much as downstairs, they're beautifully painted
and decorated with carvings. The marbel floor shines in the light of the 
torches.
EXITS: - due north is a small door: episode 8.1
       - the spiral staircase leads up: episode 9


Episode 8.1: Garbage on the attic

The door opens with a screetching sound, revealing an attic room stuffed with
old garbage. There are old lamps, furniture and chests full of, once fine,
silk clothing and blankets. The ceiling is about 9 yards up and aend in a 
cylindrical way: this is a small (side)tower.
Way up a small wooden stand can be seen, a rope-ladder hangs down from it.
(risk test: 30% chance of falling down) On the stand lies a dismembered body:
the hip and legs are present. The rest of the body should have hanged outside
the window, which is broken. There a blue glimmering can be seen. (Zone of 
Protection, get a ghost to warn them about touching it!)
The view is marvelous, the little path towards the tower can be seen, as well
as the waves hitting and crushing on the island.


Episode 9: Floor 2

The stairs climb another 12 yards up and reach the second floor.
Left staircase: a closed door blocks the passage. All look very quiet here.
  This is the entrt to the lab: episode 9.1
Right staircase: after wrestling around a body on the top of the stairs the
  players reach a heavily armoured door. On the doorstep 3 bodies ly. (2 black/
  red and 1 blue/white containing: 2 swords, axe, 3 knives, 2 crossbowpistols)
  The door leads to a diningroom: episode 9.2
EXITS: - up and up with the staircase: episode 10
       - the laboratory: episode 9.1
       - the diningroom: episode 9.2


Episode 9.1: Chemistry Lab

After moving some bodies the door can be opened and the room can be entered.
Inside the room the players notice the big laboratory which looks unharmed.
Three big tables occupy the centre of the room, which is stuffed with big
chemical formations. There are dozens of burners, coolers, reaction tubes,
filters etc. etc. The chairs seem to have been left in great haste, but the
room looks quite ordently. There are no bodies, nor any combat damage. In the
north corner of the room a bookchair stands on a raised platform. On the chair
lies on open book. On the south wall a couple of cupboards e.d. can be seen.
There are bottles containing unidentifyable liquids, mostly hardend by time.
Another bookcase contains some serious books for alchemists. (ONLY for 
alchemists with plenty of time and succesfull Int test.) Little bags with the
names of various herbs on them fill other cases. (3D6 useable for Druid?)
Two doors in the north wall are looked. (lock-rating 35%, T=6, W=15) 
After forcing them to open 2 wall cupboards are revealed, both containing some
potions. (only 5% of them is still 'active'; does not count as magickal item
for opening the chest of Nomagionysos!) However, there still is one 'active'
potion: a potion of Invisibility. A thorough search of the left cupboard will
reveal (Int -20) a small hole, containing a little chest. 
The chest holds:
  - D6 doses Beastbane
  - D6 doses Manbane
  - D6 doses Manroot
  - D6 doses Demonbane
  - D3 doses Scorpion Venom
While the players are browsing through the room a ghost will enter, followed 
by 8 other ghosts. They'll completely ignore the players. The ghost will take
place on the raised platform and starts teaching his pupils. Only when the 
players cause major damage to the room, or make loud noise the ghost will ask
them to leave. They should go and play in the library! (Ghosts cause Fear)


Episode 9.2: The Dining Room

Behind the door a large hall can be seen. It is completely destroyed: on the
shattered tables and chairs dead bodies hang. Some even holding close to their
spoon and knive..... There's even some rotten food on a couple of the tables.


Episode 10: Floor 3

The spiral staircase goes up another 7 yards when it reaches the third floor.
Right ahead is a door, leading to the other staircase. To the south there's a
big and unharmed 2 way door. The staircase continues to rise up.
EXITS: - up: episode 11
       - entering the library: episode 10.1


Episode 10.1: The Library

The door doesn't give way to easily (S test). After some effort the door swings
open loudly, causing everyone in the library to look up. Long, high rising
bookcases are placed in this huge room. There are various tables and chairs
in the room, and man and women studying on book. Rather disturbed the all look
at the players and point towards a sign: SILENCE! 
After the players have calmed down they'll continue reading, paying no further
attention to them. A man behind the desk next to the door right besides the 
entrance winks at the players. He winks them to come closer. If the players
go to the man he introduces himself as Endiv, the library caretaker (?), and 
asks which book they desire. When the player tell'm Zheifor sent them, Endiv
seems to come to his senses. Endiv greets them again and appologizes. He 
mumbles something like ~damn curse~. Then he asks the players what service he 
can be of: the story about the ambush? When they want to learn about it, Endiv
takes them to a small room, we don't want to disturb the others.....
There he starts his story (episode 4). He doesn't know the stuff about the
magickal items, and ends with the line: ~or his tower~. Endiv tells he was one
of the first to die, if they want to know how to free Nomagionys they should
go and ask Denio: Nomagionysos best friend and most skilled follower. He 
resides in the western tower. Endiv stays at the library, tells them goodbye
and wishes them luck: free us and tell Denio I sent you!


Episode 11: Floor 4

After dodging some more bodies on the spiral staircase you reach the 4th floor.
Here gain the choice must be made: go up or open the big door on this level.
This portal looks a bit different from the portals seen on lower floors. It has
luxurious carpets and paintings, next to the door 2 busts of wizards are 
placed. (Nomagionysos & Denio) The door is made from solid oak, nicely 
decorated with irion strokes. There's a large grate in the wall next to the left 
stairs. The grate can be opened en gives way to an airshaft throught a 
supporting pillar which leads to Denio's Tower. 
EXITS: - up: episode 12
       - through the airshaft: episode 20
       - Nomagionysos' Room: episode 11.1


Episode 11.1 Nomagionysos' Room

The door swings open quite easily, revealing a beautifully decorated room.
The room is divided into 3 smaller rooms by a scarved wooden partition, leaving
a walk-through in the middle. The floor of this room is made from little pieces 
of colored stone, creating a genius mozaik. The walls are painted in rustic
colors, large carpets cover parts of it. Many paintings complete the image of 
the room. (Int test for recognizing Old Master Artisans with appr. skills) 
The first part of the room is clearly a relaxation room. There's a nice long,
low table. Two sofa's next to it. Four other luxus chair and a thick carpet
complete this scene. Above the table hangs a marvellously shaped lamp, and on
some smaller tables vases with rotten flowers can be seen. There's a large 
cupboard against the south-wall. It's filled with precious china and cutlery.
The set of cutlery is made of decorated iron. There's also a locked drawer in
the cupboard. (T=7 W=25, lock-rating 40%) The drawer contains a silver cutlery
for 10 persons. Against the west-wall a large booze-case stands, waiting for
someone to fetch some liquir agian. There are D3 bottles of rum, good beer and
some high-alcoholic boozes. A cristal cooler contains smelly water. While the
players are searching the room some ghost appear and take seat in the sofa's.
They drink and chat (can't be understood) but can't see the players: ignore 
them completely.
The second part of the room seems to be the study-room of a powerfull wizard. 
(WFRP pag. 131 & 144) In this part a illuster and dark atmosphere breathes
heavy. A desk in the middle of the room draws the attention of visitors of the
room. A big, comfortable chair stands next to it. The desk has drawers 
containing writing equipment and D3 sheets of parchment. In the north-corner of
the room are 2 more tables, containing tubes and a primitive balance. On the
ground a nice toolbag stands. (hammer, pick, nails, precision knives)
the rest of the walls are covered with large shelves containing bags, jars, 
boxes and other 'wizardly' stuff. Note: only skilled magicians will understand
the system of storing ingredients based on spell-level etc. Should there be a 
qualified character then ingredients can be found for:
  - all Petty Magick spells; 2D6 ingredients
  - all Battle Magick spells; 2D6-(level) ingredients per level
  - all Elementalist Magick spells; idem.
  - 1st, 2nd, 3rd level Illusionist spells: D6-(level) per level
Note that Nomagionysos was (is?) a very powerfull wizard; he's likely to have
most of the ingredients with a minimum of 1, corrected by the availibility.
On a carved bookchair an open Grimoire lies, gathering the dust of time. (Does
NOT count as magickal artifact for opening the chest!)
When searching the bookcase the players will discover (Int test) a small wooden
panel. Opening this causes a crossbow bolt to be fired across the room. The 
bolt travels next to the bookcase at 1 ft high. The bolt can't be dodged, but
an I test may be made to half damage. There are 2 doses of Manbane on the bolt.
(WFRP pag. 82) The player must make a succesful T test to evade the effects of
one dose. (T test +20 if a succesfull I test was made)
The rectangular hole behind the panel contains:
  - an amulet: Amulet of Thrice-blessed Copper (WFRP pag. 183)
  - a jewel: Energy Jewel (WFRP pag. 185)
  - a wand: Wand of Jade (WFRP pag. 188)
  - 2 bags containing a total of 212 GC
The third part of the room is a big as the first 2 together. It's the bedroom
of Nomagionysos, completely decorated in red. Against the northern wall a large
bed stands, with pillows all over it. On the floor a large, red carpet protects
the naked feet from freezing in winter. In the south corner of the room a 
standard with a nice blue/white attraction the attention of the eye. Another
small wooden partition hides a bathroom from direct sight. There's soap, towels
and all other luxurious items in the bathroom. There are 3 closets in the room,
containing robes, underrobes and shoes. There's also some cleaning shit in one 
of them. The last one contains pans, pots and other kitchen items (?)
A good search (I test -30) through the bed reveals a mechanism which opens one 
of the legs of the bed. The little hole which appeared contains a bag. In the
bag are 16 gems, worth some 6300 GC) While the players are making a mess of the
bed a servant appears and tries to clean it up again. The ghost completely 
ignores the players.


Episode 12: Floor 5

The staircase once more reaches another floor, winding up almost forever.
The room reached has a solid, ironclad black door. (T=8, W=35, Lockrating=40%)
The door is locked firmly and a sign with a skeleton on it reads:
 DANGER, KEEP OUT UNLESS PERMITTED!    
EXITS: - open door: episode 12.1
       - up and up: episode 13


Episode 12.1: The Pentagram

After opening the door you stand in a awfully naked room. The walls and floor
are completely painted black. In the middle of the room a wonderfull spectacle
can be seen: 10 shining cristal balls (diameter .5 ft) float in the air, 
hovering about 1 y above the floor. The balls form particulair pattern, 
connected by gloomy blue beams. In the centre of the room a, somewhat larger,
ball receives all beams and sends them as a big bright beam to a dispenser high
on the ceiling. This prism divergates beams in all directions, where they 
disappear through the walls. The rooms is completely illuminated by the erie
blue glance. After accomodation to the light a half burnt body can be seen 
under one of the balls. Then, at a sudden, an appearance raises and floats 
towards the players. (Cl test just to scare them) After some hesitation the
ghost introduces himself as Heinrich, former follower of Nomagionysos. He asks
if they know the story, why he hunts this room. (nope: go to the lib first!)
If the player a global informed he starts his story:
~Once I was a dedicated follower of Nomagionysos, I believed in him and he was
always honest and friendly to me. A truely fine master. But I got jealous at 
some other student who was more gifted than I. I started to annoy this student
and played some nasty, dirty tricks on him. When Nomagionysos found out, he
punished me by not allowing me to train for the next month, and having to do the
dishes for the next half year. A light punishment and a right one. But at that
time a got furious and wanted revenge. That oppurtunity came sooner than I could
have suspected. It was at the time when Nomagionysos and Brodovicio were having
a fight. I got into a conversation with a student of Brodovicio and told him
of the revenge I wanted to plan. He told me that a treatment like that was out 
of the question with his master. So I went to Brodovicio and told him my story
too. Brodovicio greedily accepted my offer and told me to wait on his signal.
He promised me an honourfull place between his own students. I also received
a payment of 200 GC. A few months later the chance happened, I had moved to
this tower with my master, and Brodovicio contacted my through an amulet. The
conflict had collapsed and an assault had been planned. The main problem was
the Zone of Protection which guaranteed safety to the tower. That's what is in
this room: 14 power jewels supporting the Zone with magickal energy. It's exact
function I don't know, but Brodovicio whispered to me to destroy the 
equilibrium. I think his power on me grew through the amulet, it started to
posses me, if you get my drift. After all, I was glad I was granted a chance
to get even with my master. When the signal came I went to this room, I had 
stolen the key before, and did it. I hesitated at the last moment, fearing for
my own life and the lives of my former friends. But he overruled my thoughts,
kept whispering and I only heard his voice.....promising gold.....power.....
You must believe me, he did it. Then I, no he, grabbed one of the Power Jewels
and disrupted the equilibrium. A gigantic radiation was set free and took my 
life. The rest of the story is known to you, and I was doomed to roam this 
room. I'll have to hunt this room until Nomagionysos himself will grant me
forgiveniss. But that won't happen, he's locked into that chest forever.
And I can only be opened by the most powerfull magick. Hmmmm, I won't bother
you any longer: but don't touch those jewels if you want to stay alive!
A last piece of advice: go and visit Denio in the Western Tower, if there's 
anyone who knows how to open the chest he does. The chest is on the next floor
but watch out for guards of Brodovicio and traps! Good luck.....
The image of Heinrich fades and now only his body can be seen. 


Episode 13: Floor 6

On this part of the staircase several skeleton can be found. Their robes
are burnt and weapons are molten down. A large ironclad door blocks passage.
(T=8 W=35 lockrating = 40%) The door is locked. On the floor lies a body, 
dressed in a blue/white robe, nicely decorated. Beside the body a staff and
a sword can be found. (This is Denio, killed while defending his master.)
Searching the body reveals a small key. (for safe in Denio's Bedroom)
EXITS: - smash the door: episode 13.1
       - the last climb up: episode 14


Episode 13.1: The Mage's Coffin

It takes some time to smash the door, but the players will succeed. (PM: open?)
The room is completely empty, except for a large coffin in the middle of the
room. On the chest 3 bodies of ritually sacrificed hang limply, with large
Ritual Knives pointing in their chests. (Ritual Knife: D6 insanity points per 
day) De walls and floor are black, with 8 holes surrounding the coffin.
Just above the chest a black ball hangs from a steel chord. 
The coffin contains Nomagionysos, but can't be opened by 'normal' means. All,
magickal or not, weapons used to smash the chest will be broken instantly. The
coffin remains firmly closed. The only way to open the chest is to simultanously
destroy 8 magickal artifacts in the appropriate holes. When the players make 
their move to start casting items into the holes, 4 holes open in the walls a
glass balls are shattered on the ground. For the gasses that emerge a huge
skeleton army arises, and attacks the players!

Skeleton Major Hero
 M  WS   BS   S    T   W    I   A   Dex Ld   Int Cl   WP  Fel
 4  55    47  4    4  15   50   3   28  28   28  28   28   -
- Controls other Undead
- Special Rules pag. 250
Trappings: broken mail-shirt, sword, broken shield, broken helmet

  7 Normal Skeletons
 M  WS   BS   S    T   W    I   A   Dex Ld   Int Cl   WP  Fel
 4  25   17   3    3   5   20   1   18  18   18  18   18   -
- Special Rules pag. 250
Trappings: swords & axes, broken armour

2 Zombies
 M  WS   BS   S    T   W    I   A   Dex Ld   Int Cl   WP  Fel
 4  25    0   3    3   5    1   1   10  10   14  14   14   -
- Special Rules pag. 251-252
Trappings: leather jerkin, pothelm, 2-H axe

When the Major Hero is defeated the other undead become subject to instability.
But don't let these numbers affect the play, ajust them to your players!
(If the players are new to magickal items, Denio helps them to pick out the
ones with enough energy inside)
After casting the last item into a hole a kind of fusion takes place: all
magickal items in the holes are destroyed in a purple light and a beam of pure
energy convergates in the black ball. Then, after a fraction of a second, the
beam hits the coffin, splitting it into hunderds of pieces. Nomagionysos floats
through the air and swiftly changes from horizontal to vertical position. Then
he starts to speak:
~Thousants of thanks to thee noble adventurers. I don't know how to thank thee.
Please tell me.....~ 
Nomagionysos is willing to pay them 500 GC each, and an magickal item for the
group. Further he's willing to give advice and teach all he knows. Supplementary
he offers a companion to a person of good alignment. (a Unicorn)
Then he asks them to enjoy their stay as long as they like. Their being brought
to comfortable bedroom rooms and laid to sleep.
The next day the tower has completely changed: servants walk to and fro to make
the players at ease, and a cemetry has arisen near the lake. Providing the peace
to long lost souls. That afternoon Nomagionysos calls the players to him in the
big hall. He sits on his ebony throne and rises when the players enter. A large
meal is served and Nomagionysos drinks to your health. The hall is filled with
dozens of new servants. Noamgionysos snaps his fingers and the big doors are
opened. A beautiful white horselike animal with wings enters the room. 
~This my friends is a Unicorn, one of the most sensitive animals on this world.                                  
He offered himself to be your companion in time of need. He'll choose the person
allowed to ride him.~ (always good/lawfull !!)
The players receive their money and the magickal item which was agreed. He tells
them they're welcome to stay as long as they like, but after a couple of days
things get boring and you decide to return to 'your base'.
Remember that Nomagionysos will ask the players to return all of his belongings
which they took on their quest. Only items carried by followers of Brodovicio
they can keep. (Should the items crumble to dust?)


Episode 14: The Attic

After a little climb the player reach the end of the stairs: the attic is 
finally reached. In the glowing light of torches the ceiling can't be seen 
clearly, but you guess it's about 12 yards up. Some old dirt is pilled up in
this room. There are lots of old chairs, banks, tables, cases etc. etc. While
examining the room large black creatures attack!

Giant Bat
 M  WS   BS   S    T   W    I   A   Dex Ld   Int Cl   WP  Fel
 1  33    0   2    2   5   30   1    -  10   14  24   24   -
- Fly as Hoverers
- 35% chance of causing Infected Wounds
- +10 Initiative during first combatround

4 Normal Bats
 M  WS   BS   S    T   W    I   A   Dex Ld   Int Cl   WP  Fel
 1  59    0   0    0   1   30   1    -  14    5  29   29   -
- Fly as Swoopers
- 25% chance of causing Infected Wounds
- +20 Initiative during first combatround

After this little inconvience a stair towards the attic is found: it leads
to a clock-mechanism and a large copper clock. That's all.


Episode 15: Bedrooms

The stair descents and goes towards a very large passage, which has doors on
both sides. Some counting gives the player a total of 18 doors. Two of each are
facing eachother. At the end of the passage there's another door. The 
glimmering of the polished stones blinds the players for a second, large carpets
decorated the walls. Some door are left open, seemingly is great haste.  
Behind the doors identically sleeping rooms are found, clean and sober. There 
are 2 beds with nightstands next to them. (containing books, personal stuff)
In the middle of the room is a large desk with 2 chairs. There also are 2 cases
containing clothing. Very boring and nothing of value!
Maybe there are some hidden purses, test Int -10 a couple of times:
maximum of 87 GC 343 SS 
The door at the end of the passage opens swiftly and gives way to another
spiral staircase.
EXITS: - going up the staircase: episode 16
       - back to the main hall: episode 6


Episode 16: Denio's Tower, Floor 1

After climbing the stairs you reach a beautifull, luxurious decorated room. The
room is designed with green being the main color. There are chairs, a table, 2
sofa's and a cupboard. The cupboard contains plates, cups and silver cutlary 
for 5 persons. Against the wall a large, primitive clock hangs silently. A small
table has an hour-glass on it. There are also a couple of statues of women,
exotically dressed. Two paintings complete this room. In the northern corner
a marvelously carved spiral staircase leads to the next floor.
The clock contains a well-hidden (Int test-10) Amulet of Righteous Silver.
EXITS: - up : episode 17


Episode 17: Denio's Tower, Floor 2

As you enter the stair it cracks under the weight, but doesn't collapse. 
Unharmed you reach the second floor. This room is obviously the working room of
a wizard. There's a table with tubes etc. on it and some shelves with bags and
jars filled with ingredients. (Denio's got PM, BM1, ELEM3; D6 spells per level
and D6 ingredients per level, keep the rarity in mind!)
But there's another thing in this room which draws your immediate attention:
On a chair a great complete armour shines. It consists of:
  - Sleeved Mail Coat
  - Mail Coif
  - Knight's Helmet decorated with 2 ivory horns
  - Cuisse & Greaves
  - Vambraces
  - Gauntlets
The set is obviously ment to be worn by one person, discourage the player
from dividing it! All parts have the same colour: (chaos) black! It is decorated
with red signs. The armour is magickal and cursed. (coffin: 4 AP counts as 1 
Magickal Item) The first 12 hours the player who wears the suit won't notice
anything. (ok, protection from magickal attacks) After the first 12 hours the
armour start to shrink and armourpoint are deducted instead of increased!
The first 12 hours there's 25% chance the player can remove the armour on a
succesfull S test. After that only very powerfull (read: expensive!) magick 
can free the player. 
EXITS: - up and up: episode 18


Episode 18: Denio's Tower, Floor 3

The stairs still crack loudly when you enter the next floor, which appears to
lead to the bedroom. In the middle of the room a large bed is placed on a large
green carpet. This room has been decorated in green completely. There are 4 
paintings on the walls. Against on of the walls there's a large clothingcase 
containing robes and shoes. There are some expensive vases on small tables. A 
desk in this room contains some basic writing equipment as well as a small 
locked wooden chest. In this chest there's a 1st level Elementalist spell. 
(counts as magickal item for coffin)
Under the carpet there's a hidden safe (T=10 W=50 lock-rating=50%), it's key
can be found at [episode 15]
Items in safe:
  - flail (Magic Weapon, Berserk , (WFRP pag. 189)
  - D6 gems (D6*10 GC.)
  - D3 purses containing 90+D10 GC.
Whie searching the room the wizard Denio appears on the bed. If the players
tell Denio that Endiv has sent them he'll tell his story; else he'll scare them
away. 
~I once was the best friend of Nomagionysos, you know his and mine fate. If I
can do anything to help thee, tell me.....~ (Now is the time for the players to
learn about opening the chest!)
~The coffin can only be opened by a very powerfull source of magickal energy. 
To produce such an energy 8 magically charged items must be cast in holes
surrounding the chest, afterwhich a fusion will unlock the energy. Since I'm
cursed I can't perform this task.....~ 
If there's no one with magickal sense/awareness Denio will grant the players
an amulet wish turns yellow when hold next to a magickal item for approx. 1 
minute. Then Denio takes a ring from his finger and tells them:
~Take this ring, it's a good start.....~ (Protection against Daemons)
If the players were stupid enough to wear the chaos armour, Denio will swear
and tell them he was going to destroy it when the siege started.
Denio will also point the players the safe, hidden under the carpet. It's no 
use to him anymore, he does not remember where he left the key.
Then Denio disappears.....
EXITS: - up: episode 19


Episode 19: Denio's Tower, Floor 4

The room which is reached now is completely dark: there are no windows. After
adapting to the lightlevel you notice that the room is empty. There's a couple
of pillows in a circle surrounded by candels. (Int test for 'smart' people: this
is the meditation room)
After searching the walls (Int test-10) the players will discover a loose brick.
Behind the brick is a small hole. In the hole lies a small golden ring. (Ring of
Protection again Undead)
EXITS: - the staircase winds up: episode 20


Episode 20: Denio's Tower, The Attic

Finally the attic of Denio's Tower is reached. It's allmost completely empty
with some old chairs and a lost sofa. The ceiling is about 12 yards above you.
After some searching the player can find a grate which gives way to an airshaft
which leads to Nomagionysos' Tower, floor 4 (episode 11).


Episode 21: The alley
The stair descents and leads to a passage with 5 doors to the right. At the end
of the passage is a big iron door. 
(The doors are numbered as being the next episodes.....)


Episode 22: The Kitchen

Behind the first door a large kitchen can be found, with long dressers, big
drawers and piles of dishes. In the kitchen ghost-servants walk to and fro with
big plates of good food. (ghostly food ;> ) They don't seem to notice the 
players and thus ignore them. A quick count learns there are some 10 servants
in the kitchen. The drawers contain lotsa cutlery, plates etc. etc. Maybe 
there's even some rotten food and a barrel of acidified beer. A small barrel
of wine (1 gl.) may be in good condition.


Episode 23: The Bathroom

The second door leads to, at least it seems to,  paradise. A large luxurious
bathing complex lies ahead of you. The wather looks attracting fresh, there
must be some sort of refreshing system. Else the water would smell different
after 140 years! There are different baths. There must have been cold and water
bath in the glory days of this castle. 
There's also a sort of sauna which looks very attractive with its soft banks.
What a pity that you guys can't find the mechanism to set it to work!
To the north there's a line of lockers, containing towels, soap, oil etc. etc.
Between the baths the remains of once tropical plant lie, left to rot and 
overtaken by moss. The massage tables in the northern corner of the room don't
look to bad either.....
When extremely good searching the room (Int -20) the players discover a hatch
near the sauna. It leads to the major heating system: large pipes and a 
primitive boiler to heat the water. (this room is *very* small)
Maybe there are some ghosts taking a bath, but they'll ignore the players.


Episode 24: The Room of Tools

This room looks like a toolshed. All different kinds of tools are placed neatly
on shelves. There's a long working-table in the middle of the room. One of the
walls is covered with (rotten) wooden boards and cut down trees.
Allmost all tools are available, WFRP pag. 296.


Episode 25: The Weapon Store

This is, or more properly said, was the weaponstore. It's been completely ripped
when the tower was besieged. There are weaponcases on the floor, once they must
have been standing against the wall, now they lie shattered across the room.
This room radiates some kind of 140-year-old panic. A quick search gives the
players:
  - 5 swords, 3 axes, 1 2-H axe, 1 2-H sword, 1 flail, 3 spear 
  - 4 crossbows, 3 bows 
  - 3 broken chests containing 2D100 bolts and D100 arrows 
  - 4 shields.


Episode 26: The Wine Storage

The forth room is obvious the liquorstorage. There are 2 large rows of 10 
barrels contaning wine and beer. (10% is still drinkable) 
The room is very dusty and smells musty. The smell of moisture mould surrounds 
you completely. 


Episode 27: No Entrance

This seems to be a dead end in the passage: there's a large, heavily ironclad
door. (it can't be broken down, never. just as you can't buy F.P.!!)
A sign on the door reads:
                        BEWARE!!!
                      CHAOS BEHIND
Behind this door the foul creatures of chaos lure(d) : Nomagionysos used them
for studies to find their weak spots. That's none of the players business.


Episode 28: Storage Rooms

After opening this door a horrible stench surrounds the players. This room 
used the be the storage room. Now only rotting pieces of food remain.
When you're checking out this room some rats appear and attack!

4 Giant Rats
M  WS   BS   S    T   W    I   A   Dex Ld   Int Cl   WP  Fel
 6  25    0   3    3   5   30   1    -  14   14  18   18   -
- 35% chance of causing Infected Wounds, 2% chance of Black Plague




