:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:
:   Earth's Dreamlands    :  Info on: RPG's,  :(313)558-5024 : area code    :
:RPGNet World HQ & Archive: Drugs, Industrial :(313)558-5517 : changes to   :
:  1000's of text files   :  music, Fiction,  :InterNet      : (810) after  :
:   No Elite / No porn    :   HomeBrew Beer.  :rpgnet@aol.com: Dec 1,1993   :
:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:

 
=======================> GET QUICK-DIRTY.TABLES
 
Getting File: SERVER:[GRASS]QUICK-DIRTY.TABLES;1
 
Subject: Better Games: Q&D Apotheosis Table


          Quick & Dirty (tm) Apotheosis Table
           copyright 1992 by Dave Van Domelen

     This is for those cosmic times when someone gains Ultimate Power, as 
happens every so often in the comics.  Roll a D8 for the result.  If the result
calls for the subject leaving, they may return at some later date either at 
their original power level or still as a Cosmic Being (no doubt working on a 
small part in an overall larger scheme).

1 - "Things Man Was Not Meant To Know" - Subject cannot psychologically deal
     with the infinities now experienced, and either lapses into a coma or
     sits in a corner babbling incoherencies about contradictory truths.

2 - "I Can't Believe I Ate The Whole Thing" - Subject cannot *physically*
     deal with the power he has absorbed.  He either (D8) 1-2: Explodes
     violently for a Vicious to all in area, 3-4: Expands and diffuses to
     infinite (or Really Big) size, 5-7: Loses the power in one big rush and
     suffers a Vicious wound, or 8: Loses most of the power but retains
     enough on a subconscious level to add one new Trait at random.  For
     game systems not using Traits, gain a new power.

3 - "Acton Figures" - Subject is absolutely corrupted by his absolute power.
     Luckily, Earth is now beneath his notice and he leaves in a burst of
     cosmic pyrotechinics.

4 - "Acton Was A Halfbright Twit" - Subject's absolute power opens his eyes to
     the Cosmic Balance.  Subject chooses to leave Earth to fight to preserve
     this balance.

5 - "Flowers For Red" - Subject's Traits are enhanced to the Ultimate Degree
     (+7 on all Traits, or double strength of all powers in non-Better games)
     but he loses sight of the details, concentrating on the Big Picture.
     However, this is only temporary, and after a few issues (runs) the
     subject will return to his earlier power level, less one on all his
     traits.  If a trait has no plusses, he loses the trait until it can
     somehow be regained.  Slight power reductions for non-Better games.

6 - "I'm A Monster!!!" - With his last shreds of humanity, the subject realizes
     he will be a greater threat to Earth than any before (even villains
     generally don't want to totally destroy the world).  To avoid this,
     subject will (D8) 1-2: Commit suicide in a flashy manner, 3-5: leave
     Earth and go into self-imposed exile, or 6-8: Give up most of the power
     but can take a +1 on any trait as a result of the experience.

7 - "He's A Monster!!!" - Subject comes to realization from #6, but has
     insufficient will to self-terminate.  He will have to be defeated, but
     will sabotage himself, as he possesses at least that much will.  Subject
     will become a Cosmic Entity with 7 Attack Modes (700 Active Points in
     Hero) all usable at once, and will be immune to all but one Attack Mode.
     However, the self-sabotage will manifest as the attacks will be ones that
     the PCs are best defended against, and the one missing defense mode will
     be the most common attack among the PCs, or the main attack of the
     strongest PC.

8 - "We're In Deep Chease Now" - Subject is now Cosmic Foe with *no* regrets
     for his lost humanity.  The PCs must stop him or he will surely destroy
     the world, starting with the PCs of course.  Subject has 10 simultaneous
     Attack Modes (2500 Active Points) and ALL Defense modes.  Subject's
     lone weakness will derive from the method by which the power was gained,
     so if he gained godhood by draining the Cosmic Spheroid, perhaps a well-
     placed chop to the spheroid will defeat him.  Hey, it worked for Marvel.
     A Tasking Brains (Mental) degree to surmise this weakness.

X-NEWS: wharton rec.games.frp.misc: 14103
Path: netnews.upenn.edu!newsserver.jvnc.net!howland.reston.ans.net!zaphod.mps.ohio-state.edu!magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu!dvandom
From: dvandom@magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu (Dave Van Domelen)
Newsgroups: rec.games.frp.misc
Subject: Better Games: Q&D Crowd Fleeing Superhero Combat
Message-ID: <1993Feb23.192816.10971@magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu>
Date: 23 Feb 93 19:28:16 GMT
Sender: news@magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu
Organization: The Ohio State University
Lines: 41
Nntp-Posting-Host: top.magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu


     Quick & Dirty (tm) Crowd Fleeing Superpowered Combat
               copyright 1992 Dave Van Domelen

     Only bother with this table if you have hero PCs.  Villain PCs really 
don't care what the crowd does.  Roll on this until you think the crowd will
have had time to disperse.

1 - "Stampede!" - Several people are Downed in the press.  Heroes suffer
     an attack of mode Emotional from the sight.

2 - "Gawrsh!  They Don't Have This In Des Moines!" - Some tourists stay
     behind to take pictures of the fight.  They might be taken hostage
     by unscrupulous villains (is there any other kind?)

3 - "Did We Err?" - Riot Starts, beginning with result "Human Wave".  Now
     PCs must roll each round on the Q&D Riot Control Table until they disperse
     the riot.

4 - "Trojan Horse" - Henchmen of the Nemesis are hiding in the crowd and will
     either (flip a coin) Heads: take hostages, Tails: fire at the PCs, causing
     one at random to suffer a Fatigue Wound.  They will then blend back into
     the crowd.

5 - "Cul De Sac" - Crowd is trapped in a corner, surges back onto field of
     battle.  Same effect as a Human Wave from Riot Control, but no riot
     starts.

6 - "Ten Bucks On Masochist!" - Crowd doesn't flee, but stays to cheer on the
     heroes and place bets.  All heroes heal back any damage suffered from
     Mode Emotional due to crowd support, but Nemesis may fire on crowd.

7 - "Live With THIS, Hero!" - Nemesis fires into crowd, Downing several.  All
     PCs take an attack on Emotional at +3, and must act on Advantage Phase
     next round unless they make a Tasking Roll.

8 - "Have A Taste Of The Lead White And Blue" or "I *AM* The NRA" - Several
     in crowd pull out semiautomatic assault hunting rifles and open up on
     the Nemesis (D8 Ballistic Wound attacks per round).  After the Nemesis is
     defeated, the heroes may have to fight riled up citizens that don't want
     to stop shooting or give up their guns.

X-NEWS: wharton rec.games.frp.misc: 14104
Path: netnews.upenn.edu!dsinc!spool.mu.edu!howland.reston.ans.net!zaphod.mps.ohio-state.edu!magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu!dvandom
From: dvandom@magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu (Dave Van Domelen)
Newsgroups: rec.games.frp.misc
Subject: Better Games: Q&D Riot Control for Superheroes
Message-ID: <1993Feb23.192849.11029@magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu>
Date: 23 Feb 93 19:28:49 GMT
Sender: news@magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu
Organization: The Ohio State University
Lines: 42
Nntp-Posting-Host: top.magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu


           Quick & Dirty Riot Control Table
          copyright 1993 by Dave Van Domelen

     Roll until the riot ends or the heroes flee the area.

1 - "Human Wave" - Rioters surge forward, ignoring attacks.  Groundbound
     heroes take a Fatigue Wound and must make a Tasking Roll (Routine
     if Courage or Physical) to avoid accidentally (or intentionally)
     Downing a person in the crowd.  Characters with the ability to leave
     the ground need only a Routine check to get out of the way.

2 - "Show Off" - Degree Tasking (Difficult if you have a really showy power)
     and disperse the crowd.  Failure and crowd stays angered, Mishap and they
     panic, Downing several.

3 - "Hidden Persuader" - Minor Nemesis (or Hunted) is in the crowd.  He will
     take pot shots with up to three attack modes on a random character.
     Any shots aimed at Nemesis that miss WILL hit the crowd, causing the
     hero to suffer an Emotional attack.

4 - "Guns *Do* Kill People" - Several rioters have guns, and the will to use
     them.  D8 rioters will start making Ballistic attacks on random targets,
     but will drop the guns on any wound suffered.  However, missing them
     brings the same problem as #3.

5 - "Hammer Into Anvil" - Some force (like traffic) is forcing the rioters in
     the direction of the heroes.  Riot will not end until that force is
     neutralized.

6 - "What Riot?" - "Rioters" are actually festival participants, Degree
     Difficult (Routine if Brains/Mental) to avoid making a fool of yourself.
     If it has already been established that this is a riot, roll again.

7 - "If Ya Can't Beat 'Em...." - Heroes sympathize with the rioters' cause, and
     can convincingly rally them into a less destructive display if successful
     on Degree Difficult, Routine if a really good speech is given by PLAYER.
     Roll a Mishap, however, and get swept along with your own rhetoric and
     join the riot.  Oops.

8 - "Gee, That Was Easy." - Riot was about to run out of steam on its own,
     Degree Routine to end it now.
