        		  The Gangs of Night City
 		     Brought to you by The Red Ferret

  GENERAL GANG TYPES
BOOSTERGANGS
The Boosters are one of the most violent and threatening gang types in the
city. These hardwired dudes are cybered up to the max; mostly showy,
physical enhcncements. They're very hot on weapons, especially slash'em
attachments like rippers. Many pack illegal cyberware and most are on, or
over, the Edge.
There's only one real reason boostergangs appear: 'cuz they just wanna 
bust heads! Other gangs', Jo's, each other's; hell, anybody's head will
do. The boostergangs usually make special effort's to stay low; if they
don't, Max-Tac (Cyberpsychos, Psycho Squad) would blow them to pieces.
These guys are wanted almost all the time, and they don't make any
friends. It's like a bunch of cyberpsychos all running rampage at the
same time. They mostly move around at night, and they're very hard to deal
with. A couple of street cops who run into several hardcore Boosters will
be squashed like bugs, due to the gang boys' high-powered strength and 
enhanced reflexes, plus the fact nothing short of an Armalite .44 is likely
to stop them.
It gets better: These guys will go out for a night's party with automatic
weapons, after having dropped some nasty drugs to GET IN THE MOOD.
The upside to all this (if there is an upside) is the fact that Boosters
tend not to think to much. While the wars they wage are ferocious and leave
lots of bodies in the Street, they are very predictable in their 
stratagies. A war between two Boostergangs is horrific, and often leaves
both gangs permanently crippled. Because of their nature, Boosters are tied
into illegal cyberware and equipment dealing, but they are more often 
arrested for violence-related crimes.
Boosters aren't quite so wary about their turf; while they may guard their
borders and patrol regularly, they aren't as visible as other gangs. They
figure if any trouble goes down, they'll crack the guy open and sort it 
out (this works pretty well, too).
Boosters are very big on gruesome initiation rites; these ar rumored to be
as grotesque as those of the marauder gangs of the Road. Most boostergangs'
objectives are to go out and rip into someone, get the latest chromed-up
slicing cyberweapon, and have fun all the time. This means they don't try
to expand a great deal, but tend to strike out from their turf at random. 
Any rampaging booster counts as "authorized" for termination purposes.

		Typical Booster
		ROLE: Booster
 		 INT: 5   REF: 9    TECH: 5
		COOL: 7   EMP: 6/2  ATTR: 5
		LUCK: 5    MA: 8    BODY: 7
		SAVE: 7   BTM: 2
		      SKILLS: Combat Sense 4,
 		      Athletics 6, Strength Feat 7,
		      Dodge/Escape 7, Intimidate 8,
		      Streetwise 5, Brawling 7,
		      Awareness 8, Handgun 6,
		      Stealth 4, Melee 8

		      CYBERWARE: Beta-strength Linear
		      Frame, Pain Editor, Muscle/Bone
		      Lace, Subdermal Armor, Basic
		      Processor, Smartgun Link, 
		      Interface Plugs, Wolvers, 
		      Cybereye, Targeting Scope, 
		      Infra-red vision

CHROMERS
Chromers=Dangerous groupies. These guys, all freaked out by their hero rock
band, can be very volatile. They worship the bands they follow like gods,
interpreting the lyrics as they see fit. With so much rebel rock available
today, these gangs are becoming dangerous.
Chromers may travel around, following "their" band wherever they go. Most
can't get the Euro together to settle down in the 'hood; many are failed
Rockerboys. Their favorite habits are watching their group preform, doing
Simstim/Braindance, and "wrecking" in the name of their favorite lyics.
Obviously, insulting their heros is a bad idea. The problem with Chromers is
they're always about to burst. One minute they'll be fine, the next they'll
be wrecking. Their leaders are charismatic; if a Chromer leader is taken
down, the gang falls apart. Chromer hangouts include clubs, concerts and
Braindance arcades.

		Typical Chromer
		ROLE: Chromer
		 INT: 6   REF: 7    TECH: 7
		COOL: 7   EMP: 7/5  ATTR: 8
		LUCK: 5    MA: 6    BODY: 6
		SAVE: 7   BTM: 2
		      SKILLS: Charismatic Leadership 4,
		      Play Instrument 4, Wardrobe/Style 6,
		      Dodge/Escape 3, Persuasion 6,
		      Streetwise 4, Brawling 5,
		      Awarness 6, Basic Tech 3, Perform 4,
		      Melee 3
		      CYBERWARE: Interface Plugs, Chipware
		      Socket, Machine Link, Cyberaudio,
		      Enhanced Range, Level Damper

POSERGANGS
While a hell of a lot less dangerous than your average boostergang, 
posergangs can, and do, cause big trouble. Not only do poseres adopt the
image of their particular hero, they also take on the attitude. This can
lead to some pretty meek posers, but many can be indredibly dangerous if 
they adopt the mentality of a hard-sport star, terrorist, radical politician
or imprisoned psycho.
Posergang activity can prove maddening for cops-especially as they all look
the same. Visiting "enemies" of the posers can, and do, recieve trouble.
Back in 2015, Judge Lawrence J. Hick visited Night City, only to be shot and
killed by six posers who looked exactly like Harold Meech-a cyberpsycho whom
Judge Hick had sent down to Death Row.
Posers, when not following their heros, will hold their own turf. The size
of poser turf varies and is largely dependant upon the attitude of their 
hero. Posers will hook up to all kinds of acitivties where the money is 
good, though their one true love is being their hero.

		Your gonna have to make up yer own stats
		for Poseres cause there isn't a "typical"
		poser. 

THE LEGAL JARGEN: Night City, Posergangs, Boostergangs, Chromers are
copyright R. Talsorian Games, Inc. This document was written based on data
collected from "Protect & Serve", also copyright R. Talsorian Games, Inc. 
This document is freeware. Feel free to exchange it. Please upload it onto
your favorite BBS. The author forbids the alteration of this document in any
way. In other words, Don't change what you read here! 