From: brian_vickers@isd.jpl.nasa.gov (Brian Vickers)
Subject: Dungeon Magazine Submission Guidelines
Date: 24 Mar 93 21:36:45 GMT

DUNGEON(R) ADVENTURES
MODULE GUIDELINES

These guidelines have been compiled to assist designers who wish
to submit their modules for publication in DUNGEON(R) Adventures,
a bi-monthly periodical that publishes game modules for TSR, Inc.
roleplaying games. Read these guidelines carefully before you
send any modules to DUNGEON Adventures. If you have any questions
that are not answered here, we will respond as quickly as
possible to inquiries as long as they are accompanied by a
self-addressed, stamped envelope (SASE). Telephone calls only
delay the review process for everyone.
   The modules in DUNGEON Adventures vary from brief encounters
to modules about 20 magazine pages long. A wide variety of
adventures is offered for different character types and levels,
for both the D&D(R) and AD&D(R) game systems. AD&D adventures
should conform to AD&D 2nd Edition rules, but monsters from other
sources (including new monsters, but not those from other game
systems) may be used. D&D adventures should reference the
DUNGEONS & DRAGONS(R) Rules Cyclopedia. 
   We will not look at modules for other companies' game systems
or those that have been simultaneously submitted to another
gaming magazine or company. All submitted material must be your
own work and may not be copied from any published or copyrighted
source.
   You should obtain several issues of the magazine to research
our style and the types of adventures published. If you are not a
subscriber and cannot find DUNGEON Adventures on sale locally,
you can obtain back issues through the Mail Order Hobby Shop,
P.O. Box 756, Lake Geneva WI 53147, U.S.A. 

QUERIES AND FORMS
Before you submit a module to DUNGEON Adventures, send us a brief
proposal of the adventure you wish to create. Your 2- or 3-page
double-spaced description should highlight the adventure by
including a working title, an original and believable plot, the
major opponents, the game system and types of characters for
which the module was meant, a summary of the treasures to be
gained and the foes to be overcome, and an estimate of the
completed module's length and number of maps. Submissions to our
"SideTreks" column (under 2,000 words) do not require a proposal
but should follow all other listed adventure guidelines.
   A copy of our Standard Disclosure Form is included with these
guidelines. You have our permission to make as many copies of
this form as necessary. A completed form must accompany each
proposal and complete module that you submit. We will return un-
read all material that is not accompanied by a completed Standard
Disclosure Form. Our address is:
      Editor, DUNGEON Adventures
      TSR, Inc.
      P.O. Box 111
      Lake Geneva WI 53147, U.S.A.
Proposals not accompanied by a self-addressed, stamped envelope
(SASE) will not receive a response. You must attach sufficient
U.S. postage or send sufficient International Reply Coupons.
Foreign stamps cannot be used to send mail out of the United
States.
   If we like your proposal, you'll receive a reply requesting
the full adventure. We may also make suggestions to help your
adventure be more successful. 
   We will also accept proposals via GEnie Information Service.
The e-mail address is [TSR], and a copy of the disclosure form
text (including your name and other required information) must be
uploaded with your proposal. We can respond to proposals via e-mail,
saving you time and postage, but if we request a complete manuscript,
DO NOT send it via e-mail. Send us the maps, manuscript, disclosure
form, and SASE by mail for our evaluation.

RIGHTS AND PAYMENTS
Any module published in DUNGEON Adventures becomes the sole
property of TSR, Inc. and of DUNGEON Adventures. We purchase all
rights to any submission that makes use of TSR's copyrighted
materials or that makes changes or additions to a product of TSR,
Inc. This policy has no exceptions. We do not offer royalties on
the modules we purchase; we pay a flat fee.
   Payments are made 60 days after publication of the module, at
a basic rate of 5-6 cents per word. In addition to this word
rate, you receive a set amount for original map designs even
though, in almost all cases, maps are redrawn by our staff
cartographer. In addition to monetary payment, we send you two
free copies of the issue containing your published work.

CORRESPONDENCE
Always enclose a self-addressed, stamped, business-size envelope
with each module proposal and submission. For modules, also
include an envelope large enough to hold your entire manuscript
in case we return it for revisions or because it is unsuitable
for use. Even if you keep a copy of your adventure or have your
module recorded on computer diskette, we prefer to return the
entire manuscript, as we may have noted specific problem areas in
the text itself. We never respond to a writer who does not
enclose an SASE with his manuscript, and we are under no
obligation to return manuscripts that arrive without SASEs.
   If you wish to be notified when we receive your manuscript,
enclose a self-addressed, stamped postcard. We won't be able to
inform you immediately as to the acceptability of your adventure,
but the postcard will let you know the manuscript arrived safely.
   We cannot assume responsibility for the transit and
safekeeping of any module sent to us, so it is a good idea to
always keep one copy of your module in your possession.

PHYSICAL QUALITY OF MODULES
Modules should be sent to us in printed form, either typed or
produced on a computer printer with clear, dark print; letter
quality is preferred. Do not print out your module in all capital
letters or use Gothic type, calligraphy script, or any other
fancy lettering. We won't even look at handwritten modules.
   Type your name, your address, and the approximate word count
on the first page. The text should appear on one side of the page
only. Use clean white sheets of 8-1/2" x 11" paper. Double space
your manuscript to allow room for editorial comments. Small
corrections may be made on the manuscript (for example,
correction of a misspelled word or insertion of a short phrase),
as long as the changes are neat, legible, and few in number.
   You may paperclip the pages of your module together, but do
not use staples, plastic spines, or any sort of binder. Don't
forget to remove the tractor feed holes and to separate the pages
of computer-printed documents. Please number each page of your
manuscript.
   If you send a photocopy of your module to us, be sure it is on
good quality paper. Slick, excessively gray, or streaked photo-
copies are not acceptable.
   Because we want to maintain an interesting mix of adventures
in each issue, please keep module submissions to a maximum length
of 60 double-spaced typewritten pages (20,000 words maximum).
Longer submissions cannot be considered.
   Consistently poor spelling, grammar, or sentence structure
will almost certainly cause a module to be rejected. We don't
insist that manuscripts be perfect, but we look more favorably
upon those that require little editing. Computer users, please
use your spelling checkers.

ARTWORK AND MAPS
A finished module should be accompanied by all relevant maps and
diagrams. Additional drawings, sketches, and charts may be added
for clarification.
   Include the title, key, scale, and direction of north on all
maps. North should be at the top of all maps unless there is a
compelling reason for a different orientation. Put each map on a
separate 8-1/2" x 11" sheet of paper, although most maps will
take up less than a full page in the published module. Group all
maps at the end of the module, after the last page of text.
   Make sure that all artwork and maps sent with the module are
neatly prepared in ink. The map grid (square or hexagonal) should
be clearly marked without obstructing the map's legibility. Scale
lines may be used for outdoor maps. Use a straightedge to draw
the straight lines on your final copy. Darken solid areas (such
as the rock around a dungeon complex).
   Whenever possible, draw in the furnishings or obvious features
of an area. Use icons (stylized drawings) for beds, desks,
ladders, trap doors, curtains, etc. Try to make your icons
readily understandable without a map key (see previous issues of
DUNGEON Adventures for typical map designs).
   Remember internal consistency when designing maps. Inhabited
areas require provisions for bringing in food, water, light, and
heat; a method for disposing of waste materials; and ways for the
inhabitants to get around easily. Large area maps should conform
to known geographical principles; special cases should be noted.
   Use numerals for rooms in dungeons and other structures,
numbered consecutively throughout (do not start over with room
number 1 on a dungeon's second level). If, however, the inn is
building 5 on your town map, you may label its rooms 5A, 5B, etc.
on the inn detail map.
   Always check your maps against the finished module text. Make
sure you have described all relevant areas on the maps and have
not mislabeled anything.

MODULE CONTENTS
A game module should contain the following elements:
   -- A description of the player characters (classes, races,
level range, total levels, etc.) that would be best for the
adventure, the characters' briefing ("For the Players") before
the adventure, and what equipment and special information they
need at the mission's start.
   -- A Dungeon Master's briefing ("For the Dungeon Master"),
giving the background of the adventure. This section should not
repeat information from the characters' briefing, as the DM will
have read that section also.
   -- A description of the adventuring environment, with all
details relevant to the adventure supplied (including maps and
other charts).
   -- Complete information on running the adventure, including
special rules, monster and NPC statistics and possessions;
possible encounters; information and items to be discovered;
rumors; details on new magical items, spells, monsters, and
weapons; and any other material that would be helpful to the
Dungeon Master or players.
   -- A description of the possible consequences resulting from
the adventure's success or failure, including rewards,
punishments, and spin-off adventures for later gaming sessions.
Include story award experience points for completing the ad-
venture's story goals.
   Do not include statistics for player characters, as players
usually wish to bring their own characters into the game.
   You should plan on no more than eight player characters per
adventure, and preferably 3-6. Large groups are difficult to
assemble and hard to control.

MODULE SETTINGS
Modules should be easily adaptable to most campaigns. Your
adventure may be set in any TSR game world, as long as the
modules conform to available references describing that
particular world. Adventures may also be based on previously
published modules copyrighted by TSR, Inc. Avoid using any
settings or material extracted from copyrighted sources, other
than those owned by TSR, Inc.
   Our most recent survey indicates that the settings our readers
prefer are generic AD&D, the FORGOTTEN REALMS(R) campaign,
GREYHAWK(R) adventures, the RAVENLOFT(R) demiplane, generic D&D
game settings, and DRAGONLANCE(R) adventures, in that order.
   Less-popular types of adventures include D&D Known World
adventures, Viking adventures, DARK SUN(TM) modules,
SPELLJAMMER(R) voyages, and AL-QADIM(TM) adventures. We will
publish these infrequently, when excellent adventures become
available.
   We probably won't publish Oriental, Lankhmar, African, HOLLOW
WORLD(R), or Maztica adventures.

DESIGN TIPS
It is essential that you be completely familiar with the games
for which you are designing modules.  You should be aware of the
specifics of the AD&D and D&D game systems, which differ despite
their similarities. For example, a dwarf in the AD&D game is a
racial type but not a character class; in the D&D game it is
both. These game systems are independent and have different
monsters, magical items, spells, character classes, and time and
movement scales. Do not confuse them in your text.
   Encounters should be described fully whenever possible. Make
sure no relevant details of encountered beings are left out (such
as hit points, alignments, or strength scores). The weapons and
equipment carried by an NPC, along with relevant personality and
reaction notes, should be given with the first mention of the
character. Major NPCs should be well-rounded characters with
specific motivations. All encounters, NPCs, hazards, rewards,
details on the environment, and special information required for
combat or accomplishing the mission should be detailed
sufficiently to allow the DM and players to run through the
scenario without trouble.
   We strongly encourage you to used boxed text to set off
material to be read aloud to the players. You can draw the boxes
by hand or by computer. An acceptable alternative is to leave two
blank lines before and after "boxed text."
   Additional information such as encounter tables, lists of
rumors, new monsters and magical items can be set off in side-
bars. Place a note in the text near the location the sidebar will
occupy ("Rumors Table Goes Here"), but place all sidebar text at
the end of the module.
   We prefer adventures with strong plot elements, ones that tell
good stories. It is vital that the majority of encounters in an
adventure relate directly to the adventuring goal. Excessive use
of random encounters works against the adventure. Encounters that
are interconnected and critical to the adventure's plot are best.
Illogical adventuring set-ups in which monsters and treasure are
randomly thrown together should be avoided. This does not mean
one cannot use random encounter tables, but the tables should be
logical and consistent with the adventuring environment, making
the overall adventure sensible and believable.
   Indoor complexes laid out in perfect symmetry are boring; use
creativity, even if the final result isn't perfect architecture.
Avoid using excessively large maze areas.
   Situations in your module that violate established game rules
should be handled carefully. Certain parts of the games (such as
the THAC0 system and saving-throw tables) should not be altered
without extremely good reasons. Other alterations, such as new
monsters, treasures, or society types, are permissible but should
not be overused. You may also add new material that expands on
the rules, such as details on adventuring in unusual envi-
ronments.
   Don't overreward players or underchallenge them. We will
reject modules in which mighty fortresses are guarded by weak
guards, or in which the PCs can walk off with diamonds the size
of cars. Take the time to make rewards consistent and believable
as well as balanced. Conversely, do not create opponents that
would totally overwhelm a party. If you must use an exceptionally
powerful being in an adventure, there must be a good reason for
it, and the situation must be carefully handled.
   We have few other definite rules about how a module should be
put together. We're willing to take a look at any innovative
ideas that involve changes in a module's structure, setting, and
so forth. Such innovations should not, however, interfere with
the understanding and use of the module, and they should enhance
both the module's playability and the gamers' enjoyment.

IDEAS TO EXPLORE
Modules that present new magical items, monsters, weapons, or NPC
classes are valuable but not as interesting as modules that
present a fast-paced, exciting, enjoyable adventure. Avoid
introducing more than three new things (items, spells, monsters)
in an adventure. If you create something new for the game, make
sure that its presence in the module is justified, that it is
fully explained in terms of its effects in the game, and that it
is reasonable and fits in with the game rules.
   We are interested in seeing solo modules, modules designed for
special groups of player characters, and any other unique
adventures, but our basic interest is in modules that can be used
by the widest number of gamers, using a broad mix of character
types and equipment.
   Short adventures under 2,000 words ("SideTreks") that can be
easily dropped into an evening's game are especially useful.
Unusual monster lairs, city encounters, and small ruins may be
presented, but each should be unique, interesting, well detailed,
and part of a complete story.
   Solo adventures are very welcome and may be of several types.
Adventures for one DM and one player are always useful. Solo
adventures that require no DM are more difficult to write. These
generally are in the numbered-paragraph style, wherein the
reader-protagonist makes decisions and turns to new sections of
the story to discover the results. If you submit this style of
solo adventure, you must include a flow chart showing all
decision points in the plot. Other innovative forms of solo
adventures are also welcome.

IDEAS TO AVOID
Avoid stereotyped material. Do not ask your party to:
   -- Rescue someone's kidnapped daughter.
   -- Meet any real-life personality.
   -- Race against time to save the world from a horde of fiends
from the Abyss.
   -- Battle a crazed wizard (thinking opponents are better)
   -- Repel an orc infestation.
   -- Combat an evil cleric or vampire with an undead army.
   -- Recover an artifact (especially if it is in seven parts).
   This list is not all-inclusive. There are many more overused
plot devices that may seem new and fresh to you, but that we see
many times each month. Try to describe a fresh, creative story
for our readers to adventure in.
   We do not accept adventures that require evil PCs or that ask
the PCs to fight good characters or monsters. The PCs' mission
should not be one of murder or assassination.
   High-level adventures should keep the balance of the game in
perspective and should challenge the players without damaging the
DM's world set-up. Adventures tailored for the killing of deities
or the saving or ruining of worlds are not likely to be accepted.
   Tastelessness should be strictly avoided. Do not write
adventures involving the destruction of children or helpless
persons, excessive gore or violence, descriptions of Satan or
Satanism, or game versions of major religious figures. Explicit
sex, the encouragement of drug or alcohol abuse, offensive
language, and bathroom humor cannot be used.
   Do not use nonplayer characters (NPCs) to help the player
characters excessively. NPCs who step in and eliminate all oppo-
sition to the PCs, lead the PC party, and accomplish the PCs'
goals for them are very dangerous to campaigns. Avoid introducing
NPCs who tag along with the party. Set up the adventure to
challenge the players and let them make it on their own.

SPECIFIC FORMATS
In general, only proper nouns are capitalized. Monsters,
character classes, NPC classes, characteristics, and weapons
begin with lowercase letters. The words "Dungeon Master" and the
abbreviation "DM" are always capitalized. The various AD&D
hardbound books are also capitalized and italicized.
   Abbreviations of D&D and AD&D game terms usually use all
capital letters and no periods (DM, NPC, HD). Ability scores
should be capitalized (Dexterity, Charisma). The abbreviations
for hit points and coins use lowercase letters and no periods
(hp, gp, sp). Note that the abbreviation for electrum piece is
ep, and the abbreviation for experience points is XP.
   Single-digit numbers (zero to nine) are spelled out. Larger
numbers are written as numerals. Never start a sentence with a
numeral.
   Any amount over 999 should have a comma separating the
thousands from the hundreds. A space should be left between the
amount of treasure and the coin abbreviation (1,500 gp).
   Numerals are used to identify character levels (a fighter of
4th level). When preceding a noun, the level should be hyphenated
(a 2nd-level illusionist).
   Numbers should be written out to identify spell levels (a
second-level illusionist spell).
   Use numerals with inch marks (") and foot marks (') to
indicate depth, height, length, and width. Hyphenate compound
adjectives before nouns ("the red-haired, 10'-tall hill giant").
   The names of magical items and spells should be italicized or
underlined. Use capital letters only if the name of the magical
item or spell includes a proper noun. List all plusses after the
description of the item. 
   List jewels in order of descending value. If there is more
than one jewel with the same value, note how many there are in
parentheses after the value. Example: "There are five gems in the
sack, worth 500 gp, 400 gp, 300 gp ( X 2), and 50 gp."
   When AD&D monsters and NPCs are described in the text, the
listing should use the following format in a separate paragraph:
   Name (# appearing): INT (intelligence); AL (alignment); AC
(armor class); MV (movement rate); HD (hit dice or NPC class and
level); hp (hit points); THAC0 (to hit armor class 0); #AT (num-
ber of attacks); Dmg (damage); SA (special attacks); SD (special
defenses); MR (magic resistance); SZ (size); ML (morale level);
XP (experience points); Monstrous Compendium (MC) number; other
notes (armor, weapons, possessions, spells, etc.). For example:
   Ghouls (3): INT 5; AL CE; AC 6; MV 9; HD 2, hp 10, 7, 6; THAC0
19; #AT 3; Dmg 1-3/1-3/1-6; SA paralyzation; MR nil; SZ M; ML 12;
MC1.
   Lars Longtooth: AL CN; AC 2; MV 9; F8; hp 52; THAC0 13; #AT
3/2; Dmg by weapon type; S 17, D 16, C 15, I 9, W 10, Ch 13; ML
11; long sword +1, chain mail +2, shield, long bow.
   Use the Monstrous Manual page listing when that reference
becomes available in July 1993. 
   Use the following abbreviations for NPC classes:
F = fighter
P = paladin
C = cleric
M = mage
R = ranger
T = thief
D = druid
B = bard
S = psionicist
   Other specialist mages should be described in the text as
conjurers, illusionists, necromancers, sha'irs, defilers, etc.
Kits should be given for those game worlds that require them (for
example, the AL-QADIM setting).
   For mages and clerics, spells memorized or received should be
listed in alphabetical order by level; a semicolon should sepa-
rate each level of spells from the next.
   When D&D monsters and NPCs are described in text, the listing
should use the following format:
   Name: AC; HD; hp; MV; #AT; Dmg; Save; ML; INT; AL; XP value;
manual/page reference; other notes. For example:
   Orc: AC 6; HD 1; hp 6; MV 120'(40'); #AT 1; Dmg by weapon
type; Save F1; ML 8; AL C; XP 10; RC 199.
   If more than one monster of a type is encountered, separate
the monsters' statistics by commas (see the example of three
ghouls). Short statistics for repeat monsters with differing hit
points can appear in parentheses: "The PCs are attacked by
another giant rat (hp 4)."
   Note that a character is a false personality created for the
game. A player is someone who plays the game and eats all your
munchies. Do not confuse the two in your text.
   Use the same method to address the DM throughout your module.
Use either direct address ("Read the following boxed text to the
players.") or indirect address ("The DM should roll 1d6.")

PLAYTESTING SUBMISSIONS
Your module should be playtested before you complete the final
draft. Playtester comments, good and bad, should be written down
during play as they occur. Problems should be thrashed out after
the session; it is important to keep the flow of the game going.
   The best testing is done by an inexperienced DM and group who
try to play from the manuscript without help. The designer should
be present taking notes but should not help the testers over any
rough spots. There is no better way to find the holes in your
design. Experienced players are a good way to find rule
inconsistencies, but they may gloss over basic aspects of play or
assume local house rules or playing styles, thereby missing some
problems. The least efficient method of testing is for the
designer to run the game, because the author tends to mentally
fill in the holes, especially with regard to game mechanics and
encounter staging.
   A good playtest should address game mechanics, manuscript
organization, narrative elements, and player challenge. When
evaluating game mechanics, ask the following questions: Was the
adventure appropriate for the number, level, and suggested
classes of PCs? Was enough information given to run the
adventure's NPCs and monsters? What other sources did you need?
What rules questions came up in play? Were any spot rulings
necessary? Did you need to reference any rules that are hard to
find or use? Did the opposition (NPCs, monsters, traps) match the
party level? Was the amount of treasure given out appropriate?
Was the amount and power of magical items given out appropriate? 
   For manuscript organization, consider: Was the text of the
adventure easy to understand? Was anything confusing? Were any
sections contradictory? Were any important points not covered?
Was the information given in a logical order? Could you find the
information you needed within the text? Were the maps and dia-
grams clear and easy to use? What problems or inconsistencies did
you find in the maps or diagrams?
   Narrative elements are vital to making a manuscript fun to
read and play. Did the adventure hook work, or did the players
have to be railroaded? Was the pacing too fast or too slow? Were
there encounters that interfered with the flow of the adventure?
Were there sections (travel, research, footwork) that bogged
down? Was the plot of the adventure interesting? Were the
background and setting well developed and consistent with the
descriptive text? Did the plot details flow logically from the
background information? Were the NPC actions consistent with
their goals, character traits, alignment, and the information
they know? Did the manuscript help create the proper mood or
effect for the DM and players? Is the mood or atmosphere
appropriate for world-specific modules? Is the conclusion
satisfying?
   Finally, adventures must achieve a balance of danger and
triumphs. Are the challenges appropriate for the recommended
level of play (beginning D&D adventure, high-level AD&D, etc)?
Was the adventure a killer dungeon or a cakewalk? Was the DM ever
forced to fudge things in the party's favor to keep the adventure
going? Did the players solve mysteries easily or were you forced
to give lots of hints? Which challenges did the players most
enjoy? 
   Do not send playtest results with your module.

SUMMARY
Use of these guidelines should go a long way toward making your
submissions to DUNGEON Adventures as good as possible. We want to
present our readers with the best gaming entertainment that can
be found anywhere, and we have set our standards to match. We
look forward to hearing from you.

AD&D, D&D, DRAGONLANCE, DUNGEON, DUNGEONS & DRAGONS, FORGOTTEN
REALMS, GREYHAWK, HOLLOW WORLD, RAVENLOFT, and SPELLJAMMER are
registered trademarks owned by TSR, Inc. AL-QADIM and DARK SUN
are trademarks owned by TSR, Inc.
(C)1993 TSR, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Revised March, 1993


TSR, INC.  STANDARD DISCLOSURE FORM

        I wish to submit the following materials for your
consideration for publication, subject to all of the conditions
below.
Working title of submission and brief description (please print):



        I submit my materials voluntarily and on a
nonconfidential basis. I understand that this submission by me
and its review by TSR, Inc. (TSR) does not, in whole or in part,
establish or create by implication or otherwise any relationship
between TSR and me that is not expressed herein.  I further
understand and agree that TSR, in its own judgment, may accept or
reject the materials that are submitted with this disclosure form
and shall not be obligated to me in any way with respect to my
submission until TSR shall, at its own election, enter into a
properly executed written agreement with me, and then only
according to the terms of such an agreement.
        I agree that TSR may have a reasonable period in which to
review this submission. TSR will return my submission to me
provided that it is received by TSR with a self-addressed
stamped envelope. TSR shall not be held responsible, however, for
items or materials that are accidentally damaged or lost.  I
hereby agree to retain a copy of the submitted materials.
        I understand and agree that the review by TSR of the
materials that accompany this disclosure form does not imply or
create (1) any financial or other obligation of any kind on the
part of TSR, (2) any confidential relationship or guarantee of
secrecy, or (3) any recognition or acknowledgment of either
novelty or originality.
        I also understand and agree that if the submission
utilizes or is based on characters, settings, or other materials
that are owned by TSR or if the submission contains trademarks
and/or other proprietary materials that  are owned by TSR, then I
shall not be free to submit the submission for publication to any
person or firm other than TSR.
        I warrant that the submission (has never been published) 
(has been published by  __________________ in
________________________________ ), that it is original, and that
its publication will not violate the rights of any third party. 
I also warrant that the person identified herein as the submitter
is the sole owner of the submission. Furthermore, I am of legal
age and am free to make agreements relative to this submission or
I am the authorized representative of the submitter (circle one:
Parent, Legal Guardian, Agent, Other: __________ ).
Please type or print the following:

Name (Signature if form is mailed):
Mailing Address:
Zip Code or Postal Code:
Country:
Phone:
Date:
 
