Dwarvish Weapons of Power for AD&D-
Sorry about the long delay between Pendragon Productions releases, but here
it is finally.  This text file contains descriptions of magical dwarvish
weapons that will make your dwarves kick butt amongst a group of goblins.
Below is the list and we hope you enjoy it.  If you have the inkling to do
so, consider a donation of $2 or more to help some starving shareware authors
bring you more high quality products.  For your donation we will send to you
a list of one dozen additional dwarvish weapons not listed in this file. 
Send your donations to:
John Marchetti
c/o Pendragon Productions
PO Box 8147
Foster City  CA  94404
If you wish to get in touch with us in any way, please feel free to do so via
one of the ways listed in the CATALOG.TXT file.

Dagger of Katar-this plain looking steel dagger is of +2 enchantment for 
damage only.  It was crafted by the dwarf Katar to be used primarily as a
mining tool.  The dagger detects gems, kind and amount, in a 20' radius at
the will of the user.  The dagger will also allow it's user to dig into a
earthen wall as if the dagger were a mining pick.

Axe of the Dwarvish Warrior-Forged by an unknown dwarvish warrior in the days
of the great dwarvish-orcish wars, this +5 doubled bladed battle axe is a
awesome weapon to behold.  Usable only by dwarvish warriors of at least 17
strength, this battle axe inflicts an additional 10 points of damage upon orcs,
goblins, and their kindred.  Once per day the axe can shoot a fireball from
it's tip that does 6d6 damage to all those it strikes.  Finally the weapon
gives the user the ability to regenerate 5 hit points per round when the
weapon is held in both hands.

Tokal-This small hand axe is of +1 enchantment.  If thrown indoors this axe
will bounce off the walls of the room (if applicable) as it flies from
target to target striking at a maximum of three opponents per round.

Hammer of the Dwarvish Gods-This war hammer +3 is usable only by priests of
the dwarvish gods.  It allows the user to do double damage five times per day
when a target is successfully struck.  When orcs, goblins, and their kindreds
are within 1/2 mile of the hammer, it will glow a bright red.  If it detects
a giant within the same range it will glow white.  When it is glowing white
any true giant that is struck by it is slain with no saving throw allowed.

Crossbow of Cargen-This heavy crossbow +1 was a favorite weapon of the famous
ranger Cargen.  It was forged for him by the dwarves and upon his death at the
hands of the black dragon Skull it disappeared from known existence.  The 
crossbow has two incredible abilities.  The first ability is that for each 
level of the wielder the damage infilcted by each shot goes up one point.  The
other ability is that the crossbow can shoot two bolts per round.

Vampir-A shortsword of incredible origins was forged long ago by a dwarf who
struck a bargin with one of the evil dwarvish deities.  This weapon is +5,
+6 vs orcs.  The downside to this power is that the user must smear five hit
points of his blood on the tip of the sword at the start of each day or when
the user is first aware that sword will be needed for combat.  Without this
donation, the sword will become non magical until the blood is given.

Kutel's Daggers-this matched set of daggers +2 was once used by the dwarvish
rogue Kutel to perform amazing feats in combat.  Only when one dagger is held
in each hand will the following powers be available.  The first power is the
ability to throw both daggers in the same round as one called shot at no 
penalty.  The other power is that on a roll of twenty for either dagger the
person struck must save vs spells or lose 1HD or level.  This power is good
either in melee or missile combat.

Axe of Shadows-This +2 battle axe is entirely black and only usable by dwarves
of evil alignment.  It allows the wielder to blend into shadows as if they
were a thief of 15th level.  The axe can also cast darkness three times per
day.  Finally the axe can summon one shadow as per the undead creature to
obey the wishes of the wielder for a period of 1d10 turns.  This ability is
only usable at night.    