Dwarvish Armor-

Pendragon Productions brings you the next in our series of AD&D help files.
These files are designed to help you enhance your AD&D gaming world.  This
particular file contains descriptions of magical armor forged by dwarves. 
If you like what you see and want more, please consider sending a donation.
A donation of $2 or more will get you a printed copy of this file as well
as descriptions of fifteen more suits of magical dwarven armor.  Please send
your donations to:
Pendragon Productions
c/o John Marchetti
PO Box 8147
Foster City, CA 94404
Please make checks or money orders payable to John Marchetti.  Note that 
your donation goes towards the development of better quality shareware. Now
sit back and enjoy reading and perhaps later using in your gaming world
these wonderous suits of armor forged by mighty dwarves.

Armor of Despair-This magical suit of chainmail +3 is not a cursed item as
the name suggests.  The armor was crafted in a way so that any monster which
rolls a 1 on their attack takes damage as if they had hit themselves.  This
armor will not reflect breath weapons or spells, only melee attacks.

Plate of Kornisus-This suit of dwarven plate +2 allows the wearer the
possibility of protection from spells.  If the wearer has a spell cast at
him, the wearer can make a save vs spells even if the spell does not allow 
a save.  On a successful save the spell is reflected back at the caster
for full damage.  if the save is not made the wearer takes full damage from
the spell.

Mail of Eurgon-This suit of armor is +5 banded mail.  It provides many
defenses to the user.  The first defense is the ability for the user to
teleport up to 100ft away once per day.  The armor also confers the ability
for the user to turn invisible once per day.  Finally the armor makes the
wearer immune to the breath of a white dragon.

Death Suit-This armor is dwarven spiked plate +5 only usable by the dwarven
fighter kit of battleragers as described in the dwarven handbook.  This
armor provides fearsome power to an already fearsome warrior.  First off,
all bonuses of the killing rage are doubled when the armor is worn.  
Secondly, when the dwarf comes out of the battle rage he actually feels
refreshed and suffers none of the ill consequences of being in a rage.  
Third, the armor allows the battlerager to regenerate five hit points per
round when he is in battlerage mode.  Finally, the armor is spiked in such
a way that the dwarf can ram his enemies if he wishes, doing 1d10 damage 
from the many spikes on the armor.

Armor of Weapons-This suit of chainmail is +2.  On the front of the armor 
are several symbols.  When the owner of the armor pushes on one of the
symbols something will appear in his hand depending on which symbol is
pushed.  The symbols are as follows: a warhammer, a double bladed battle
axe, a short sword, a light crossbow with a dozen bolts, and two daggers.
None of these weapons are magical.  Each symbol can be pushed up to three
times per day.

Armor of Aura-This leather armor +4 is the dream answer to all ugly dwarves.
This armor will raise the Charisma of any dwarf to 18 for any race looking
at it.  This armor will also add +30% to any reaction adjustment on top
of the 18 Charisma bonus.  The drawback to this armor is that it makes the
character very vain.  He or she will always be preoccupied with their looks
and as a result sffers a -1 on any to hit roll in combat.

Dragonscale of Insanity-This black dragon armor is equivalent to chainmail+3.
This armor makes the user immune to any acid attack, but it carries a heavy
curse.  Once per day the character must save vs spells at -3 or go insane.
This insanity is permanent yet subtle.  What this means for the wearer of
the armor is that he or she will initally seem normal, but they will 
gradually start to loose their grip on reality i.e.thinks best friend is
an orc and attacks him.  This insanity is only removed via a wish.

Armor of the Fist-This scalemail +2 is also a powerful weapon.  On the front
of the armor is a picture of a clenched dwarven fist.  Five times per day
at the command of the wearer the fist shoots out an invisible force that
strikes at one enemy doing 5d10 damage.  The fist may also be used to carry
any item up to 300lbs for 4 hours once per day.

Quill's Armor-This platemail +5 is covered entirely in spikes.  Once per
round the wearer of this armor may shoot 2 spikes from the armor at any
target up to a distance of fifty feet.  These spikes each do 2d6 damage.
The spikes break once they are shot out.  The armor has a total of 100 
spikes.  For each set of twenty spikes shot, the armor drops one plus
of magical protection.  There is no way to replace the spikes.

Mail of Quarto-This chainmail +2 allows the wearer to shapechange into
any animal of up to 4HD twice per day.  The wearer can stay in this form
for up to 2 hours at a time.  At the end of this period the user must wait
one hour before invoking the power for the second time.



