                  ------------------------------------
                  -    Enhanced Dungeons & Dragons   -
                  -           Version 1.2            -
                  ------------------------------------
                  -    Silverfist Productions 1993   -
                  ------------------------------------
                  - ezra%users%lw@cc3.kuleuven.ac.be -
                  ------------------------------------

[Net note: Consider this to be my exhaustive list of house rules. They
touch in some way or another on most aspects of the AD&D 2nd Ed. game,
but its modular build-up makes it possible to incorporate any part you
like. I have been reading parts of the archives at greyhawk.stanford.edu,
so I am aware of most of the alternatives presented there.
  I have talked all changes over with my playesr and revised where they
thought it appropriate - that caused version 1.1 . I got some feedback
after mailing this to interested members of ADND-L - so the EDND rules
are now in version 1.2 . If you want to see a version 1.3, or (who knows)
version 2.0 then you will have to give me some more feedback.

   The text was written for my players, so I have added 'net notes'
giving more information where I thought it was useful. A general note is
that my revisions on the whole create somewhat stronger characters than
the official rules (more hit points, specialization, better ability
scores); as a DM I have never had problems with this: I simply made the
adventures somewhat harder.
   The two major advantages of the revisions are that some 'unrealistic'
rules are dropped, and that players get a chance to really develop their
characters in a custom-made way. 

  Send all comments, queries, flames & hints to this address:

  ezra%users%lw@cc3.kuleuven.ac.be
    
  Silverfist. ]




    INTRODUCTION
    ------------

    The following changes to the AD&D 2nd Edition game have their origin
in feelings of dissatifaction with the original rules. Some have been
designed to give the players greater freedom in developing their
characters; others have been introduced in order to make my campaign
world more 'realistic'. The changes are, of course, only applicable in
my Forgotten Realms(TM) campaigns. They are not intended to be the final
word on these matters - players who feel dissatisfied with my rules are
encouraged to create their own versions. Playtesting will then show which
one adds the most to the fun of the entire gaming group. 


     Rolling Ability Scores
     ----------------------
[Net note: if you like the idea behind this system, but you consider it
too generous, then just decrease the number of dice players can roll to
26 (or whatever, though 18 is the minimum) d6's.]
    I allow only one method of rolling PC's in my game worlds. It is
based on an article that appeared in a Dragon several years ago. The
underlying idea is quite simple: the player is allowed to roll 31d6 for
the six ability scores of his or her character. A player can freely allot
these dice, but 3d6 is the minimum for any ability score: e.g. a player
intent on getting a real strong, but clumsy Fighter may allot 9d6 to
Strength and Constitution each, 4d6 to Dexterity, and 3d6 to the other
three abilties. For each ability score the three highest rolls are taken
(note that this is not obligatory: a player who wants a weak character,
but rolls 18 on 3d6 may lower this to 8, 6 or whatever, but he or she
cannot use these points to increase another ability score). These values
then have to be modified according to the race of the character (see
Character Races). 
    The following table shows the distribution of 28d6 for prototypical
members of each Character Class (the player should allot the other 3d6
as he or she considers most appropriate for the character he or she wants
to play):

Character Class  Str  Int   Wis   Dex   Con   Cha     Minimum Scores
---------------  ---  ---   ---   ---   ---   ---     --------------
Fighter           7    3     4     5     6     3      Str: 9
Paladin           6    3     6     3     4     6      
                                   Str: 12; Wis: 13; Con: 9; Cha: 12
Ranger            6    4     6     4     6     3
                                   Str: 13; Wis: 12; Dex: 12; Con: 14
Commander         6    3     4     3     6     6
                                   Str: 13; Wis: 10; Con: 14; Cha: 13
Thief             4    6     3     7     4     4      Dex: 9
Bard              4    4     4     5     5     6
                                   Int: 11; Wis: 11: Dex: 12; Cha: 14
Mage              3    7     5     6     4     3      Int: 9
Illusionist       3    6     5     6     3     5      Int: 9; Dex: 14
Abjurer           3    6     6     6     4     3      Int: 9: Wis: 13
Conjurer          3    6     5     5     6     3      Int: 9; Con: 13
Diviner           3    6     6     5     4     4      Int: 9; Wis: 14
Enchanter         3    6     5     5     3     6      Int: 9; Cha: 14
Invoker           3    6     4     5     6     4      Int: 9; Con: 14
Necromancer       4    6     6     5     4     3      Int: 9; Wis: 14
Transmuter        3    6     5     6     5     3      Int: 9; Dex: 13
Cleric            5    3     7     3     5     5      Wis: 9
Druid             5    3     6     4     4     6      Wis: 12; Cha: 13
Other Sp. Priest Var. Var.   6    Var.  Var.  Var.    Variable

Assassin          6    4     4     6     5     3      Fighter/Thief
Crusader          6    3     6     4     5     4      Fighter/Cleric
Warlock           6    6     3     5     5     3  Fighter/Mage (Illus.)
Magician          4    6     4     6     4     4  Thief/Mage (Illus.)
Sorcerer          4    6     6     4     4     4  Cleric/Mage (Illus.)
Avenger           4    4     6     6     4     4      Thief/Cleric


     The table also shows the minimum abilities for characters of each
class. Note that almost of them are different from those in the PHB. In
all cases, the minima have been lowered so as to make it easier for a
player to get the character of his or her choice. The six 'new' Character
Classes are simply new names for the multi-class characters (see
Character Classes).
     When a player has decided on the race and class of his or her
character, he or she is allowed to roll up three sets of ability scores
that meet the minimum scores (after racial modifications). The player can
then choose which of the three sets he or she retains for the character.


   Character Races
   ---------------
[Net note: more races, more fun. My players do NOT volunteer for playing
drow, because I take most races' xenophobism very seriously. But if a
player wants to take up the challenge, then there is no problem for me.
I allow more variation in ability scores, because it gives characters
more personal identity, without unbalancing the game - simply make the
adventure somewhat harder.]

   The following races can be chosen for PC's:
   
Race                  Str    Int    Wis    Dex    Con    Cha
----                  ---    ---    ---    ---    ---    ---
Human                 18     18     18     18     18     18
Dwarf (Mountain,Hill) 18     18 -1  18 +1  18 -1  18 +1  18 /1
Dwarf (Duergar)       18     18 -1  18     18     18 +1  18 /6
Gnome (Hill)          18 -1  18 +1  18 -1  18 +1  18 -1  18 *1
Gnome (Svirfneblin)   18 -1  18 +1  18     18 +2  18 -1  18 /4
Halfling (All)        18 -1  18     18     18 +2  18 -1  18
Orc                   18 +1  18 -4  18 -2  18     18 +1  18 /6
Half-Orc              18 +1  18 -2  18 -1  18     18 +1  18 /4
Elf (High)            18 -1  18 +1  18     18 +1  18 -1  18
Elf (Grey)            18 -1  18 +1  18 +1  18 +1  18 -2  18
Elf (Wood)            18     18     18     18 +1  18 -1  18 /2
Elf (Wild)            18     18 -1  18 -1  18 +2  18     18 /3
Elf (Snow)            18 -1  18     18     18 +1  18     18 /2
Elf (Dark)            18 -1  18 +1  18 -1  18 +2  18 -1  18 /8
Half-Elf              18     18     18     18 +1  18 -1  18

Other races are possible too: Gnolls, Minotaurs, Brownies, ... But those
races can not be chosen without the agreement of the DM. The Table also
indicates the new modifiers for the various character races: e.g. an Orc
with maximal ability scores will have Strength 19, Intelligence 14,
Wisdom 16, Dexterity 18, Constitution 19 and Charisma 12 (18). The two
special signs in the column for Charisma have the following meaning: '/'
indicates that the character has a lower Charisma score when dealing with
humans (the dominant race in the Realms), '*' indicates that Hill Gnomes
are treated by Humans as if their Charisma was one higher than it really
is. The real Charisma is used for interactions between the non-human
character and members of his or her own race. The modifiers for Charisma
may disappear when the local population gets to know the true nature of
the character: e.g. the way Drizzt Do'Urden, a drow, is slowly accepted
in Icewind Dale. In an adventuring group, the modifiers normally
disappear after a few months of traveling together.

    Note further that in the Realms any child of an Elf and a Human is
a Half-Elf (the general 2nd Edition rule does not hold), and that "The
Elves of the Forgotten Realms are of human height, but much more
slender." (Cyclopedia of the Realms p.41)


   Character Classes
   -----------------
[Net note: Most of you will probably consider the new hit die system 
outrageous. Know therefore that in our Realms, Greyhawk, Dark Sun & 
Ravenloft campaigns, we allow players at each level to roll the
appropriate die (e.g. d10 for Fighters) twice and take the highest roll.
My new system makes only Fighters significantly better (on average 8
hit points per level) when compared to our old system (on average 7 hit
points per level); but my players agreed with the upgrading of the 
Fighter class. If you like the idea, but not the increased hit points,
then you can subtract 1 from the fixed number of hit points a character
receives at each level and/or you can change the d4 roll by a d3 roll -
the combination of both decreases the average amount of hit points at
each level with 1 1/2, so that the values get close to those the original
system gives, but without its unrealistic total random aspect.
  The new hit die system also removes the useless anxiety associated with
reaching a new level. What should be a great occasion often boils down
to a nervous player hardly daring to throw the die that will determine
his or her new hit points total. And when a 1 or 2 comes up, the player
often goes into a deep depression for some time. It spoils part of the
fun.]

*   First some general remarks:
     - All combinations of races and classes are allowed: there is no a
priori reason why an Elf should be banned from the Paladin class, or why
a Dwarf would find it impossible to become a Mage. Still, there are good
reasons for the relative scarcity of these combinations. Most of these
have to do with the different cultures of the races: e.g. Elves and Orcs
do not have Lawful Good deities in their pantheons, so characters of
these races will have to find a deity of another race who is willing to
accept them as true followers; Halflings and Dwarves do have Lawful Good
deities, but Paladinship is not something highly valued in their
cultures; Dwarves do not often live in woods, so Druids are therefore
extremely rare among them - and Dwarven deities do not consider nature
very important; ... . But for Dwarves, Halflings and Gnomes there is
another reason why they do not often meddle in wizardly magic: these
races are themselves inherently magical (cfr. Table 9 on page 21 in the
PHB), so that spells have a tendency to go awry when a member of one of
these races casts them: this chance of malfunctioning is 20%. There is
one exception to this: Gnomes have no difficulties with Illusion/Phantasm
spells. That explains why Gnomes often opt for specialization in this
school of magic. Nevertheless, the problem for spells of other schools
remains. Therefore Gnomish Illusionists have a habit of being devout
followers of one of their gods (although occasionally Leira will also
'adopt' a Gnome): these gods then make sure that spells of other schools
of magic hardly ever (never say never to a Gnome) misfire: this chance
now becomes 5% per casting. Gnomish Illusionists who fall out of favor
with their gods had better take care when attempting to cast a non-
illusion spell. (Note: the multi-class options for Illusionists are only
open to Gnomes).
     - All level restrictions are removed. Elves, Orcs and Halflings, for
instance, can also become 20th level Fighters. The reason why there are
no 42nd level Elven Mages is that all amounts of experience points needed
to obtain a level after the 20th are now double those of the previous
level: e.g. a 20th level Fighter needs 3,000,000 XP, a 21st level one
needs 6,000,000 XP, a 22nd level one 12,000,000 XP, etc. Once one reaches
20th level there is really not much one can learn anymore, so improvement
becomes increasingly difficult - most adventurers either retire at these
levels or leave the Forgotten Realms(TM) for other planes of existence. 
    - All characters now gain a new hit die up to, and including, tenth
level (versus ninth level for Warriors and Priests in the PHB). This
change has to do with the modified Proficiency System (cfr. infra).    
    - The hit die system is also changed. This modification was designed
in order to make the random element smaller, so as to make impossible
unlikely cases of 3rd level Fighters with 9 hit points (bad luck when
rolling; and notice that this Fighter probably trained and fought as hard
as the other Fighter in the group who was lucky and has 25 hit points at
3rd level). The new system also allows finer distinctions to be made
between the various classes, and makes it possible to reflect the way
characters spend their time (this will become clear later on, see
Proficiency System). This is the new table:

Character Class                      Hit Die
---------------                      -------
(Children)                           d4
Mages                                d4 +1
Magicians                            d4 +1 1/2
Thieves & Sorcerers                  d4 +2
Druids & Avengers                    d4 +2 1/2
Bards & Warlocks                     d4 +3
Clerics & Assassins                  d4 +3 1/2
Crusaders                            d4 +4
Paladins                             d4 +4 1/2
Rangers & Commanders                 d4 +5
Fighters                             d4 +5 1/2
Specialty Priests                    d4 +Var


     This means that a Thief receives for his or her new level 2 hit
points (a fixed amount) plus the result of a d4; a Paladin receives the
result of the d4 plus 4 hit points on uneven levels and 5 hitpoints on
even levels. This table of course increases the average number of hit
points of characters: e.g. any 7th level Fighter will now have on average
55 hit points - without Constitution bonus! But I don't think this will
cause any difficulties, as the monsters have grown stronger too - they
have d4+4 hit points per hit die. For the curious: 0th level NPC's have
d4+2 hit points, militia members have d4+4, and Barbarians, when they are
re-introduced, would get d4+6 hit points per level. (One last note: for
each level, one is allowed to roll only once. This system is character
friendly enough).
      - The 10% XP bonus for characters with high ability scores is
dropped. There are several reasons: given my character creation method,
nearly everybody would get this bonus, so that it wouldn't be of any use
any more in differentiating the characters. Secondly, it causes
difficulties in calculations. And finally, characters with high ability
scores should get a 10% or 20% penalty, because they find things going
for them so easy, that they actually learn less from what they do.
     - New character classes are allowed, as are kits from the various
Complete ... Handbooks, although the DM has the final word on the exact
capabilities (and the XP table) of each character class - kits are
considered to be classes in their own right, not variations on a class.

*   Fighter: Besides the new hit die system, there is only one change:
when a Fighter decides to become proficient (see Proficiency System) with
a weapon, he or she automatically also becomes proficient with the other
weapons of the same weapon group (the weapon groups are listed on p.52
of the PHB): e.g. when a Fighter learns how to wield a hand axe, he also
gains enough experience for wielding a battle axe without penalty. This
change has its origin in the fact that Fighters spend more time
practicing, and trying out weapons, than any other character class. 

*   Ranger & Paladin: There is more than the new hit die system for these
classes (they are now, like all other classes, also allowed to specialize
in weapons, but that aspect will be treated under Proficiency System).
The spheres a Ranger or Paladin (in both cases granted by a deity) has
access to for casting spells are those spheres that Specialty Priests of
their deity have major access to. Rangers and Paladins use the revised
rules for spellcasting (see Magic & Spells). 

*   Commander: This class is added to the AD&D game (see Appendix A).

*   Thief: Except for the new hit die system, there are no new rules. 

*   Bard: Besides the revised hit die system, the Bard class is also
changed in a number of ways. The idea behind the changes was to bring the
class closer to the 1st Edition Bard. 
   - A Bard may cast Priest spells of up to (and including) third level
if he or she has this spell written down in a spellbook - the chance of
learning new Priest spells is determined in the same way as that of
learning Wizard spells: consult Table 4 of the PHB on p.16, but use the
Bard's Wisdom score. The Bard only has access to spheres that are major
spheres for the Specialty Priests of his or her Deity (these spheres are
listed in the Forgotten Realms Adventures sourcebook, and, for non-
humans, in the Monster Mythology). Bards that do not fulfil their
religious duties will find that they can no longer cast Priest spells. 
    - As for Wizard spells, there is no longer any limit to the number
of spells per spell level that the Bard can have in his or her spellbook. 
    - Bards use the revised rules for spellcasting (see Magic & Spells).
They are also allowed to cast Wizard spells when wearing leather or
padded armor, but the casting time (except for spells with only a verbal
component) is doubled in these cases. When wearing armor heavier than
leather or padded, only spells with only a verbal component (of the
Wizard class, there are no problems with Priest spells) can be cast
succesfully, still at their normal casting time.
     - Bards now use the following THAC0 table: 20, 20, 19, 18, 17, 17,
16, 15, 14, 14, 13, 12, 11, 11, 10, 9, 8, 8, 7, 6. That is: a first level
Bard has a basis THAC0 of 20, and a seventh level Bard has a basis THAC0
of 16.
     - As these changes make the Bard more powerful, he or she will have
to follow the XP level advancement table of the Fighter class.     - The
Bard no longer automatically attracts followers at tenth level after
building a stronghold. 

*   Clerics: Besides the new hit die system, there are also other
changes. These were devised with the intention of prompting players to
opt for Specialty Priests, because they have more interesting role
playing profiles than the generic Cleric. A Cleric is from now on
considered to be someone who has devoted his or her life to promoting a
certain way of life (an alignment one might say), not so much as the
tenets of a single Deity. A Neutral Good Cleric will therefore pray for
his spells to all Neutral Good deities in his or her pantheon (he or she
may still have a 'favorite' deity, of course).
     - Clerics retain their ability to turn (or command) undead, but
because the links with their deities have become weaker, they are limited
to casting spells of up to (and including) sixth level. Only in
exceptional circumstances (when a catastrophe is near and there are no
Specialty Priests in the neighborhood) will a deity grant them the use
of seventh level spells. For Clerics of non-human races the level limit
may be even more stringent, as their deities often are not as generous
with spells as human deities. The following table summarizes the spell
level limit for the various races:

Race            Level Limit           Race           Level Limit
----            -----------           ----           -----------
Human                 6               Elf (High)             6
Dwarf (Mountain,Hill) 6               Elf (Grey)             6
Dwarf (Duergar)       5               Elf (Wood)             6
Gnome (Hill)          5               Elf (Wild)             6
Gnome (Svirfneblin)   5               Elf (Snow)             6
Halfling (All)        5               Elf (Dark)             6
Orc                   3               Half-Elf               6
Half-Orc              4
 

     - A Cleric is allowed to use all types of weapons, as there is no
deity anymore to impose restrictions.
     - Clerics use the revised rules for spellcasting (see Magic &
Spells). 
     - A Cleric now uses this THAC0 table: 20, 19, 19, 18, 17, 17, 16,
15, 14, 13, 13, 12, 11, 11, 10, 9, 9, 8, 7. That is: a first level Cleric
has a basis THAC0 of 20, while a seventh level Cleric has 16. (This
change is no real improvement for the Cleric on the original table, but
the THAC0 no longer jumps with two numbers at a time - something quite
unrealistic).

*   Specialty Priests (e.g. Druids): The revised hit die system is also
used for Specialty Priests. The fixed (but see Proficiency System) amount
of hit points a Specialty Priest receives each level depends on the kind
of deity he or she serves: Specialty Priests of Azuth only receive d4 +2
hit points each level, while those of Tempus get d4 +4 1/2; Druids
receive d4 +3 hit points each level. The same variability holds true for
the minimum abilty scores a Specialty Priest must have: those are
mentioned in the Forgotten Realms Adventures sourcebook and in the
Monster Mythology, and give an indication of the number of dice for each
ability score a player normally roles with when creating his or her
character. 
    - Most Specialty Priests use the revised THAC0 table for Clerics, but
Specialty Priests of a Deity of Love and Healing get another one, more
akin to the Wizard THAC0 table. 
    - The other detailed information (special abilities, spheres, weapons
and armor allowed, and whether or not the turning (or commanding) ability
is granted, ...) is not reproduced here, but can be found in the two
books mentioned above. 
    - Specialty Priests know few spell level restrictions. This table
indicates the limit, if any (a number between brackets means that spells
of that level can only be used by Specialty Priests with 19 or more
Wisdom. When there remains a limit, e.g. for Orcs, then know that deities
may grant higher level spells under exceptional circumstances):

Race              Level Limit            Race           Level Limit
----              -----------            ----           -----------
Human                 -                  Elf (High)          -
Dwarf (Mountain,Hill) -                  Elf (Grey)          -
Dwarf (Duergar)       6 (7)              Elf (Wood)          -
Gnome (Hill)          6 (7)              Elf (Wild)          -
Gnome (Svirfneblin)   6 (7)              Elf (Snow)          -
Halfling (All)        6 (7)              Elf (Dark)          -
Orc                   4 (5)              Half-Elf            -
Half-Orc              5 (6)
 

     - Specialty Priests also use the revised rules for spellcasting (see
Magic & Spells). 

*   Wizard (Mage & Specialists): There is more than the new hit die
system for Wizards of all kinds: 
    - Wizards gain bonus spells in a manner similar to Priests: consult
Table 5 on p.17 of the PHB, but use Intelligence instead of Wisdom. But
note that just as for Priests, these bonus spells do not allow a Wizard
to cast spells of a higher level than he or she would normally be able
to. 
    - There is no longer any limit to the number of spells per spell
level that the Wizard can have in his or her spellbook. 
    - Wizards use the revised rules for spellcasting (see Magic &
Spells). They are also allowed to cast spells when wearing leather or
padded armor, but the casting time (except for spells with only a verbal
component) is doubled in these cases. When wearing armor heavier than
leather or padded, only spells with only a verbal component can be cast
succesfully, still at their normal casting time.

*   Multi-Class (Assassin, Crusader, Warlock, Magician, Sorcerer,
Avenger): These six classes are at the moment the only multi-class
options (no Fighter/Mage/Thief anymore). As the new names indicate, it
is my intention to have them replaced by new, 'simple', character classes
which combine only specific abilities of each class and which have normal
XP level advancement tables. Nonetheless, these options are still open
at the moment. Multi-classed characters combine all the abilities of the
two original classes, but also the restrictions. To represent the extra
time and experience this demands of the character, the amount of XP
needed to gain a level is also higher: add the XP needed for the level
of the original classes and multiply that sum by three (NOT two, because
doing two things at once is far more difficult than doing them apart):
e.g. a 2nd level Assassin needs 9750 XP (2000 for the Fighter side and
1250 for the Thief side make 3250; 3250 x 3 = 9750). This implies that
multi-class characters always gain a level in their two original classes
at the same time, thus no more 3rd level Fighter/5th level Thief (this
is to make the transition smoother when the 'simple' Assassin is
introduced). The hit points a multi-class character gains each level are
determined in a similar way: an Assassin would get d4+3 1/2 hit points
each level (that means 3 at uneven levels, and 4 at even levels: a
Fighter normally gets d4+5 1/2, a Thief d4+2 - together d4+7 1/2, which
divided by two gives d4+3 3/4, which is rounded down to d4+3 1/2).    
Players must choose for a multi-class character when creating it;
characters are not able to become multi-classed when their adventuring
career has begun. This is because they are then so accustomed to their
'normal' way of acting that they have lost the plasticity for class
combinations. Multi-class characters are able to 'lose' a class whenever
they want to: they simply stop practicing their skills in that class, and
are considered 'single-class' characters from then on (so they cannot
become multi-classed again; their XP total is lowered so that they stay
on their level in their single class). These characters do retain the
abilities they have gained in their 'lost' class: e.g. a seventh level
Assassin who decides to develop only his Thief, keeps the THAC0 and extra
hit points of his Fighter side at seventh level; but when he or she
reaches eighth level Thief, he or she only gains d4+2 hit points and
improved thieving skills. 

*   Dual-Class: any character can at any time in his or her career decide
to try to learn a new class. As this is not an easy thing, the character
will have to spend some time converting to his or her new class. There
are two ways of doing this: either the character finds another character
of the appropriate class who is willing to teach him or her the basics
of the new profession. Such teaching lasts half a year (only three months
when changing within a group: Warrior, Wizard, Priest, Rogue: e.g. from
Fighter to Ranger or from Specialty Priest to Cleric), and costs whatever
the teacher demands. During this period the character cannot go
adventuring. Any week-long interruption of the training means that it
will take two weeks more to train the character for his or her new class.
At the end of the teaching period, the character functions at 1st level
in his or her new class. However, the character still needs to acquire
one quarter (or one eighth when in in the same group) of his or her
original XP amount, before becoming a 'true' 1st level character in the
new class. 
    The other way is more something of do-it-yourself: the character
tries to learn the skills of the new class by himself. The more
experience the character has in his or her original class, the more
difficult this is. To reflect this, the character must acquire half (or
one quarter when in the same group) his or her original XP amount while
converting before reaching 1st level in the new class. This will often
be difficult: a 4th level Fighter switching to Mage must gain about 4000
XP as a 0th level Mage: without spells that is (although he or she will
probably learn the first spell at 2000 XP, but this is up to the DM).  
Until the character has reached a higher level in his or her new class,
he or she should try not to use the abilities of the former class. Any
encounter in which this happens will result in only half the normal XP
being awarded. When the character has attained a higher level in his or
her new class, he or she can freely switch abilities without XP
penalties. But note that the character can no longer gain levels in his
or her former class - unless, of course, the character switches again to
his or her original class (a process which takes one month of formal
training or one fifth of the XP gained in the new class). 
    Characters can switch as many times as they want to, as long as they
meet the minimum scores for the new class.


   Proficiency System
   ------------------
[Net note: I suppose this is the revision I am most proud of, as it
really allows for custom-built characters. Like the idea, but consider
it too strong? Then decrease the fixed number of proficiencies characters
receive at 1st level by two, three or four. That should keep
specializations down. And also do not forget to make the characters swim
for their lives during one of the first adventures, and let them find
clues in languages they do not know, ... . And NPC's are specialized too,
of course.
   The fact that there are no more weapon restrictions removes
stereotypes: what is this guy carrying? A couple of daggers and a staff.
Oh, well I have got this hunch that it is a mage.
   The Paladin becomes a weaker fighter than the other Warriors, because
I have always felt this class (and its opposite) to be vastly overpowered.
Paladins's days do not last 30h per day, so if they want to do their
prayers, then will have less time to spend on body development and weapon
mastery.]


    The proficiency system was overhauled so as to allow players to
create more specialized characters. The new system is based on the idea
that characters have a certain amount of time to spend in developing
their skills; so clearly, the character should be able to choose which
skills. Nevertheless, there still have to be limits, as otherwise any
character would spend more time studying the anatomy of all things
living, so as to be able to backstab them more efficiently. (I am still
thinking about a way in which such a system of unrestricted development
could be made to work, but as it will surely be extremely complex (e.g.
everything you learn should facilitate learning some other things, but
hamper other, and leave untouched other again), I am not spending much
time on it). Therefore, most skills still reside with their respective
classes: no backstab-skill, no cast-first-level-Wizard-spells-skill, no
turn-undead-skill, ... . But the new system does allow more than the
original one, and as such it should be an improvement over it. 

    *  There is no longer any fundamental difference between Non-Weapon
Proficiencies and Weapon Proficiencies - both are now simply called
Proficiencies. Characters at 1st level have these amounts of
proficiencies (add their native tongue(s), the ones related to
Intelligence (Table 4 on p.16 of the PHB) and any their class gives them
for free):

Character Class Group           # Prof
---------------------           ------
Warriors                           7
Rogues                             5
Wizards                            5
Priests                            6


     These proficiencies can be spent in any way the character sees fit:
all of them can be used for learning how to use weapons or all can be
spent on non-weapon skills. Non-weapon skills can still require more than
one proficiency, and skills of another group still take one more
proficiency to learn). Weapons cost one proficiency to become proficient
with when they belong to the list of weapons that the character was
allowed to use according to the official rules (e.g. a Wizard could use
daggers, staffs, knives, darts and slings), two otherwise (there is no
a priori reason why a Wizard would not be able to wield a long sword,
but, given the rest of his or her training, it does take more time).

*   There is more to it however: all classes can become specialized in
the use of a weapon or weapons. All this takes are proficiencies: for the
first extra proficiency in a weapon (i.e. the first one after the one(s)
needed to become proficient with the weapon), a character gains +1 to hit
and +1 damage with the weapon. More proficiencies for the same weapon
either increase the chance to hit by 1, or the damage by 1 (the highest
bonuses a character can get through specialization are +3 to hit and +3
damage) - the player must choose and write this clearly down somewhere.
So a character with four proficiencies in a weapon he was allowed to use
in the official rules has +3 to hit, +1 damage with the weapon, or +2 to
hit and +2 damage, or +1 to hit and +3 damage. This variability allows
for different fighting styles: for duelists, for instance, drawing first
blood is far more important than inflicting more damage. Note also that
characters can take only one specialization at each level. Next to this,
Warriors (and multi-classed characters with a Fighter part) also get
multiple attacks for specialized weapons (see Table 35 on p.52 of the
PHB). For Paladins, these extra attacks stop at 6th level (i.e. they only
get a 2/1 attack cycle when reaching 13th level - see Table 15 on p.26
of the PHB), for Rangers and Commanders at 12th level (i.e. they can
never have a 5/2 attack cycle). Fighters know no restricions and also
have an edge over the other classes, because it is easier for them to
become proficient with weapons (see Character Classes), so they can spend
more proficiencies on weapon specializations.

*   Characters gain one proficiency on reaching the following levels (it
becomes progressively harder, because one has to spend more time on
practicing ever more skills): 
     2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 12, 14, 17, 20

*   What's more, when attaining a level higher than 1st and lower than
11th, a character can decide to work more or less on his or her physique
than is usual for that class. Working more on it costs time, working less
on it gives time to learn something else. This translates into game
mechanics in this way: a player can 'swap' hit points with proficiencies
(and vice versa) at the rate of two hit points for one proficiency. The
hit points swapped can only be those that a character automatically gains
at each level lower than eleventh, not the result of the d4 roll that is
added to that fixed number: e.g. a Ranger at attaining 4th level decides
she wants to learn Heraldry and Singing; she only gets one proficiency
at 4th level (cfr. supra), so this would normally be impossible - but
wait: if she works one hour per day less on her body development, she
could do it! Result: instead of gaining 5+d4 hit points for her 4th
level, she only gains 3+d4, but she gets two proficiencies, and so she
can learn the two skills she wanted to. In the same way, a Mage can
decide to spend a proficiency not on learning a skill, or on learning how
to use a weapon, but on improving his physique: instead of 1+d4 hit
points, he gains 3+d4 hit points for that level. 
   *  New proficiencies are encouraged, and all those published in the
various Complete ... Handbooks or in Dragons, or available on the
Internet can also be used - but inform the DM when you take one of those,
so that he or she has some idea what should happen when the player says:
"I'm trying to ... ". From Dragon numbers 153 & 169: Wine Tasting,
Alchemy, Chemistry, Wine Making, Haggling, Astronomy, Stealth, Street
Fighting, Goldsmithing, Orienteering, Street Sense, Tailing, Riding
Seaborne, Eavesdropping, Botany, Calligraphy, Cartography, Diplomacy,
Geology; Other new proficiencies are Strategy (Int +1), and Two- Weapon
Style (N/A) - both are in the General group. Two-Weapon Style lowers the
penalties non-Rangers have when fighting with a weapon in each hand: for
each slot taken, the penalties for each hand drop by 1, so that a
character with one slot only has a penalty of -1 on his or her main
weapon, and a penalty of -3 on the other weapon. A character with four
slots has no penalties any more. This proficiency is cumulative with
Dexterity, but cannot give a to hit bonus of +1 or more on either weapon
- only the penalties are decreased.


     Equipment
     ---------

    For the time being, there are only a few changes: *   A new weapon,
the two-handed battle axe. It delivers mighty blows: d10 damage to small
and medium creature, 4d4 damage to large creatures. It has a weapon speed
of 9, weighs 12 pounds and normally costs about 40 GP.

*   To reflect the true lethal power of crossbows, their damage is
upgraded: light crossbow quarrels inflict d6 damage on small, medium and
large creatures; heavy crossbow quarrels inflict d10 damage on small and
medium creatures, and d8 damage on large creatures.

*   Medium and large ('body') shields now give an armor class improvement
of two. Bucklers and small shields still give an improvement of 1.

*   The simplified money exchange rate now is :     1 PP = 10 EP = 100
GP = 1000 SP = 10,000 CP = 100,000 BP


   Magic & Spells
   --------------
[Net note:   At any rate, it makes spellcasters much more versatile, as
they do not have to tell in advance which spells they take along. We have
tried this out for years now and it does not pose any problems - it
simply makes playing one of these characters more fun.]


*   The spell system of the official AD&D 2nd Edition game is replaced
by a Spell Point System (SPS). 
   - A character's number of spell points (SP) can be easily determined:
multiply the amount of spells of a given level that the character is
allowed to cast by the level of those spells, and sum all
multiplications. For example: a 3rd level Mage with an Intelligence of
17 (which implies that she gets two extra first level spells and two
extra second levels spells - cfr. supra) has 10 SP, because she is
allowed to cast four first level spells (two because she is 1st level,
and two because of her high Intelligence), and three second level spells
(one because of her level, and two because of her Intelligence): (4x1)
+ (3x2) = 10. Note that she does not have 13 SP: the extra third level
spell her Intelligence allows her to cast, only comes into the account
when she reaches 5th level and she may cast third level spells: she will
then have 20 SP (= (6x1) + (4x2) + (2x3)). Also note that the SP amounts
for Sorcerers (Cleric/Mages) are kept separate, but that Bards have only
one SP total from which they deduct both Wizard and Priest spells.     
   - Each spell costs an amount of SP equal to the level it has. Thus,
a Magic Missile costs 1 SP, while a Fireball costs 3 SP.  
   - A character can cast spells as long as he or she has enough spell
points for the spell. BUT: no character can cast spells of a higher level
than he or she is normally allowed to cast, even if the character has
enough spell points for the spells and, for Wizards and Bards, even if
the character has the spell in his or her spellbook. Hence, a 3rd level
Mage with 10 SP is not allowed to cast Chain Lightning (6 SP) or Wish (9
SP). This is not unrealistic, as the character simply does not have the
experience and the ability to invoke magical energies of such power and
intricacy (but magic-rich areas may boost the character's spell ability).
Priests are limited in a similar way, as deities do not think the low-
level character has shown himself worthy enough of receiving high-level
spells - although a deity is of course free to grant the high-level spell
if he or she finds it necessary to further the 'right' cause. Both for
Wizard and Priest spells, there is no limit any more on the number of
times a character can cast a specific spell, providing of course that the
character has enough SP and that the spell level limit is not exceeded.
   - The time a character needs to study (Wizardly magic) or meditate
(Priestly magic) to regain spent spell points is one hour (this is needed
to clear one's mind completely of other thoughts) plus ten minutes per
spell point: e.g. to regain 10 SP a character needs to study or meditate
two hours and forty minutes. For those who can cast both Wizardly and
Priestly magic: the one-hour period of preparation is only needed once.
Note that a full night's sleep will not in itself restore any spell
points; and that characters who haven't slept for a full day (24 hours)
are too tired to regain spells - at least six hours of sleep are needed.

*   When in dire straits, Wizards and Bards can use their spellbooks as
scrolls: after the casting, the spell disappears from the spellbook.

*   Copying spells from a scroll or a spellbook to another spellbook
takes 1 hour per spell level. Wizards and Bards still have to roll to
check whether they succeed in learning a new spell.

*   No psionics will be used in my Forgotten Realms(TM) campaigns for the
time being.

*   Players of Wizards and Bards take note: the content of their
characters' spellbooks must be described in detail, i.e. they must have
an index which says which spells are on which pages. This will be used
when the spellbook is damaged - by water, fire and the like - to see
which pages were made illegible or destroyed. In this way, parts of the
spellbook can still be used. If there is no index of the spellbook, then
it will be automatically assumed that the entire book is wasted - you
were warned.


   Combat
   ------
[Net note: save or die make for poor amusement: there is not much fun in
failing a save and being dead. I do not mind players dying, but not
because of a *single* die roll.
   The critical hit system is used to keep things simple: the other ones
I have found on the net require more die-rolling, and do not take care
of all circumstances (what is a hit in the abdomen on a jelly?).
Moreover, they  violate the AD&D abstract hit points idea - something I
like about this game (I play MERP and WFRPG for the bloody and messy
details). Its abstractness also allows DM's to describe such effects of
the blow as the situation makes acceptable.]

    These are the revisions to the official AD&d 2nd Edition combat
system: 
*   Whenever a save vs spell, poison (or whatever) must be rolled for
which failure means instant death (the save or die rolls), this is
changed in: failure means 50 hit points damage and two obligatory System
Shock Survival rolls (failure on one (or two) of these rolls means the
character has died after all, provided of course that the hit point
damage hadn't killed him or her already).

*   When a character suffers massive damage (50+ hit points) from a
single attack, he or she also has to roll a System Shock Survival roll
to survive (not a save vs death magic).

*   Life Energy Levels are used in encounters with undead, and for spells
that drain experience levels (see Appendix B).

*   Two-handed use of a weapon that is normally used single-handedly
imposes a to-hit penalty of 1, but gives a damage bonus of 2. A
proficiency specifically taken for the two-handed use of a weapon
eliminates the to-hit penalty.

*   Critical hits (20 on a d20) are now resolved like this: A critical
hit means that the attack has done more than normal maximum damage: the
player may add the character's maximum damage for that weapon and the
result of a d10. A 10 on this d10 implies that the player may roll
another d10 (this is repeated each time a 10 is rolled on this d10) and
sum all the values: e.g. a Thief with Strength 17 (damage +1) wielding
a long sword +3, in which he is specialized twice (+2 damage) rolls a 20
for his attack against an Ogre: maximum damage is 12+1+3+2 = 18. The
player rolls a d10 and comes up with 10, so he rolls again and rolls 7:
this superb attack did (18+10+7 =) 35 hit points damage.

*   Fumbles (1 on a d20) can be divided in three cases: fumbles on a
saving throw vs magic of some kind, fumbles when attacking, and fumbles
on ability checks: 
    - Fumbles on a saving throw mean that the character is particularly
unlucky: if the spell normally deals damage (e.g. a Fireball), the
character takes extra damage equal to one half or one quarter (save
again) of the original damage; if the spell itself deals no damage, the
character still takes d6 damage from the side-effects (e.g. stumbling and
dislocating an elbow when the spell took effect); if this extra damage
is utterly unlikely (e.g. casting Sleep on somebody who is already
sleeping naturally in a soft bed), then there is none. 
   - Fumbles when attacking mean that the character has totally
miscalculated his or her swing/throw. The character takes d6 hit points
damage (e.g. from tripping and hitting a table, from cutting oneself, or
from spraining a wrist or ankle): if a 6 comes up, another d6 must be
rolled (this procedure will last until the character is dead or another
number comes up), and the values must be summed.  
   - Fumbles on ability checks are dealt with on a case by case basis;
they will often involve an extra ability check versus Dexterity to see
how just how bad the maneuver was, and damage will then be determined.

*   The combat round (1 minute) is replaced by the combat segment (10
seconds), so that fights will take less time - in game time that is. The
speed factor of a weapon now indicates the amount of seconds it takes to
deal a blow with the weapon; and, similarly, the casting time of spells
indicates the number of seconds it takes to cast the spell (except for
spells with a casting time of 1 round or 1 turn: they still take 1 minute
and 10 minutes to cast - these spells are thus very impractical in the
midst of combat). The problem of the duration of spells (a duration in
segments would make some spells nearly worthless) is 'solved' in so far
that combat-related spells (e.g. Hold Person) now have durations in
segments, whereas the others  retain their duration of rounds - the
remaining problems will be treated on a case by case basis when they
occur. (This change was inspired by the hectic swordplay one can see in
fantasy movies, and by the fact that it was unrealistic that Wizards who
had cast a short spell (e.g. a Power Word Stun) were not allowed to do
anything else during the round - with the combat segment this problem is
alleviated, because spellcasters now hardly have the time to do something
else before the new combat segment begins).
*   When a character who has multiple attacks with a weapon fights a
monster or character whose attacks all come at the same time (e.g.
claw/claw/bite; or fighting with a weapon in each hand), the order of
attacks is determined in this way: roll intiative for the two parties and
add their respective weapon speeds; then divide that sum by two (or three
when a Fighter has 5/2 attacks) for the character with multiple attacks
to find when the first attack takes place - the second attack comes at
the normal time. E.g. A 10th level Fighter specialized in the long sword
(two attacks per segment) battles a Cleric wielding a mace. The
initiative rolls are 6 for the Fighter and 3 for the Cleric. Combined
with their weapon speeds this gives 11 for the Fighter (6+5) and 10 for
the Cleric (3+7); still the Fighter gets the first attack, because 11/2
is 5 1/2. The order in this segment is thus Fighter (5 1/2), Cleric (10),
and Fighter (11). Note that if the Cleric had used a dagger, he would
have attacked before the Fighter got in any attack at all: 3 (Initiative)
+ 2 (weapon speed) = 5; and if he had used a two-handed sword, his single
attack would have come last in the round: 3 + 10 = 13.

*   Also note that characters who are spellcasting lose all dexterity
bonuses while they are doing so (this is not an addition to the official
rules, but a reminder of them).

*   A new concept, Body Points, will be used for cases when a sleeping,
immobilised or magically Held character is attacked. A character's body
points score is his or her maximum amount of hit points at first level:
these hit points can be considered the character's ability to take
physical damage - all hit points that are gained later are due to
experience, i.e. knowing how to take less damage from an attack.
     To slay a character that cannot defend himself, one need only bring
his or her body points to -1, after which he or she will slowly bleed to
death at -10 (the attacker can quicken this process of course). Moreover,
any attack on a helpless creature is considered to be an automatic
critical hit (cfr. supra): so the weapon does maximum damage and a d10
(possibly more) is rolled for extra damage. Given that combat segments
are used, things should become more realistic. E.g. an immobilised
character with 50 hit points, has only (say he was a Fighter with 16 Con
and rolled a 3 for his hit points on 1st level: 5+3+2=) 10 body points,
the attacker with her dagger does 4 body points damage and rolls a 4 on
the d10 for the critical: that segment the character is brought to 2 body
points (and hit points, for that matter). He will probably die the next
round, because the attacker can again inflict maximum damage with her
dagger and will roll again with a d10. 
     Monsters also have body points: their score is equal to twice their
hit die, plus bonus hit points (if any). For instance, a Troll with its
6+6 hit die has 18 body points, while a Storm Giant (19 hit die + 2-7 hit
points) has 40 to 45. The Storm Giant will thus still be very difficult
to kill with a single blow, which is realistic, given the size and volume 
of the creature: even a sword stuck deep into his chest can only damage
a part of the huge heart. (This improves on the official, but optional
rule that allows one to kill any sleeping or held creature with one
attack). If an entire party attacked the helpless Storm Giant in a single
segment, however, this would probably prove lethal for the creature, as
three swords stuck through one's heart is a bit much to take - and live.


=============================================================
Appendix A
----------
                                 Commander
                                 --------- 

Ability Requirements:
   Strength: 13
   Wisdom: 10
   Constitution: 14
   Charisma: 13


   Examples
   --------
    Most of the famous warriors we know were Commanders - not Fighters.
The names of Hannibal, Julius Caesar, Achilles, Spartacus, Charlemagne,
Boromir or Alexander have become immortal, not because these people were
unsurpassed swashbucklers, but because they led huge armies of devoted
soldiers, conquered kingdoms and founded empires. They and others like
them, Jeanne d'Arc, Dzenjis Khan, Shaka Zulu, Sitting Bull, Toshiwara,
shared the vision and the ambition to command their people in order to
create 'a new world order'. They are in a 'class' of their own.


   Ability scores, alignment, and races
   ------------------------------------
    The Commander is a subclass of the Warrior, and he or she follows the
same level advancement table as the Paladin and the Ranger. He or she
should have minimum ability scores of 13 in Strength and Charisma, 14 in
Constitution, and of 10 in Wisdom.
     These high ability scores are needed to put a natural limit on the
ratio of Commanders versus Fighters: there is only one Commander per 50
Fighters. He or she needs a powerful swing and a well-developed body in
order to command genuine respect from his or her soldiers, charisma to
inspire them, and feeling for the right move during a battle.
     All Commanders must have be somewhat neutral in their alignment, so
Lawful Neutral, Neutral Good, Neutral Evil, True Neutral and Chaotic
Neutral are the options for the characters. Succesful Chaotic Neutral
Commanders are rather rare, as they seldom attract large numbers of
soldiers. Neutral Good and Neutral Evil Commanders are hampered by the
fact that they are themselves choicy about the kind of troops they want
to command: a Neutral Evil Commander can't do much with a division that
refuses to slaughter civilians, whereas a Neutral Good one will refuse
to accept a division known for its atrocities into his or her army. That
is why most Commanders are either True Neutral or Lawful Neutral (e.g.
Eltan in the Forgotten Realms(TM) - note that his division leaders are
Commanders in their own right).
     The neutral aspect in their alignment has to do with the fact that
a Commander must be able to make sacrifices (e.g. sending a group of
soldiers to their sure deaths in order to buy time for the others). He
or she must impose order on the troops, but may not be too predictable.
Finally, a Commander always has to keep some distance from what is
happening at that moment: he or she is interested in winning the war, not
the battle. If a Commander loses his or her neutrality (voluntarily or
through magic), he or she loses all advantages of this class and becomes
a Fighter of the same level (all excess XP are lost): only something akin
to a quest will allow the character to regain the fame and respect needed
for being a true Commander. If the alignment of a Commander is changed
magically to the opposite alignment, then there are no penalties, as
there will always remain a neutral aspect (e.g. from Neutral Good to
Neutral Evil or from Chaotic Neutral to Lawful Neutral - True Neutral
characters retain their alignment). Such a Commander will, however, often
experience trouble with his or her soldiers: they are not accustomed to
the new style of leadership, which may result in insurbordination or even
mutiny.
     All character races can be Commanders, although most are Humans,
Dwarves, Orcs or Half-Elves. Few Elves consider warfare interesting
enough to spend their whole lives practicing it. Halflings are seldom
imposing enough to attract non-halfling soldiers, which, of course,
restricts their opportunities as empire builders. Gnomes, on the whole,
don't feel like taking warfare seriously, so few among them aspire a
career as a Commander. Half-Orcs seldom win the trust of Humans or Orcs
alike. 


  Portrait
  --------
    It is every Commander's dream to lead huge armies into battle, to
become immortalised in songs and poetry, to found a new dynasty. It will
be obvious that few Commanders ever reach that goal. Most of them start
out as adventurers in an attempt to gain treasure and fame as fast as
possible (both are needed when attempting to raise an army). Once they
think they have enough of both - some never think they have -, they will
try to realize their goals: a lot of them find out that they have to be
content with commanding their own castle or city; others are hired by
wealthy rulers; others still become mercenary captains. Something all of
them have in common, however, is ambition and a desire to have tales of
their exploits spread by Bards. That is why these two classes seem to
have a natural affinity for each other: many a bard guild was built at
least partly with money of a Commander Lord who only asked the spread of
his name and fame in return.  
   Commanders are dominant and assertive characters, who know what they
want to achieve in life. They trust in the power of their sword, but not
blindly - they are also aware the power of the word. So they are cunning
diplomats, calculating everybody's strengths and weaknesses so as to
devise a sound strategy. They will often want to lead the adventuring
group they belong to, as they - correctly - consider themselves to be
born leaders. Only if another character is clearly more powerful than the
Commander, will he or she be willing to obey orders. Commanders at all
times try to appear as nobles, so they wear clothing that represents this
aim. The weak spots of any Commander are his or her pride and
over-confidence (e.g. Boromir).  
   A negative comparison: Paladins try to eradicate all evil in order to
serve their deities; Commanders only battle evil when it presents an
opportunity to increase their reputation or when the evil forces threaten
to disturb the plans of the Commander.


   Combat
   ------
    The Commander uses the THAC0-table and the saving throw table of the
Warrior. Because he or she is searching for glory, he or she chooses a
style of combat that is somewhat more concerned with making a big
impression than with being efficient. Therefore, Commanders have to take
their first weapon proficiency, and their first specialization in a
two-handed weapon (the two-handed use of a one-handed weapon is also
allowed): the two-handed sword, the bastard-sword, the two-handed
battleaxe, a lance, ... . Commanders can also become proficient with all
other weapons, but their first choice must be a 'large' weapon, capable
of inflicting much damage. (Compare this with the antlers of stags: the
larger the antlers, the stronger and healthier the stag is supposed to
be).  
   As for a Commander's armor: he or she will avoid using a shield
whenever someone can see it (unless of course that someone won't be able
to tell the tale). This is because Commanders do no want to give the
impression that they are afraid of being hit: it is bad for morale.
Another reason why Commanders do not often use shields is, of course,
that they prefer two-handed weapons. Any type of armor can be worn by a
Commander without penalties for his or her abilities, but it will be
clear that Commanders prefer suits of expensive custom-made full plate
that glisten in the sun - a sight meant to inspire awe in all who see it.


   Special Abilities
   -----------------
    Besides the power of his or her voice (cfr. infra), a Commander also
has a few other characteristics:

*   A Commander gets the Heraldry proficiency for free, because it
reflects his or her fundamental interests.

*   Commanders also get a limited version of the Etiquette proficiency
for free: it only helps in interactions with knights and monarchs about
issues related with warfare and politics. Hence, any Commander knows how
to deal with a king or cavalier, but not how to address a patriarch or
an archmage.

*   All Commanders have a coat of arms, which they display on their
banners. When the Commander has reached 5th level, the presence of such
a banner on the battlefield will increase the soldiers' to hit chance
with 5% (i.e. +1 on attack rolls), and their morale by 1. When the
Commander has reached 11th level, damage is also increased by 1, and the
morale bonus becomes +2. After 17th level, the morale bonus rises to +3.
Loss of the banner during a battle has dire consequences: all bonuses are
lost, and the soldiers now have a -1 penalty to hit and a -4 on morale.


   Followers
   ---------
    As a Commander dedicates his or her life to performing courageous
feats and informing the world about them, it should come as no surprise
that he or she attracts more and higher-level followers than a Fighter.

*   When a Commander reaches 9th level (the name level of the 1st
Edition: 'Lord'), he or she will attract soldiers for every stronghold
he or she builds or conquers: these soldiers are similar to the ones 9th
level Fighters attract (see pp.26-27 of the PHB).

*   When a Commander reaches 11th level and becomes Supreme Commander,
his or her name is known so far and wide that another type of followers
offers its services: adventurers. These adventurers will often continue
to lead their own lives (and may get killed on their adventures, but
someone else will then replace the fallen one), but are always ready to
come to the Commander when or she sends a message. They do not work for
free, but are nonetheless content with about one third of what someone
their level would normally ask for his or her services. The first of
these adventurers present themselves when the Commander reaches 11th
level, the last when he or she reaches 13th level. At that moment his or
her campaign staff is complete.

   For the Commander's 11th level (roll d100 twice) :
   1 Warrior:         01 - 90%: Fighter
                      91 - 95%: Ranger (only with Neutral Good
                                Commanders, otherwise a Fighter)
                      96 - 100: Commander
   1 spellcaster:     01 - 33%: Specialty Priest of the Commander's deity
                      34 - 66%: Mage (25% chance of specialist)
                      67 - 100: Bard
   
             Both are between 3rd and 6th level (2+d4).
   
   For the Commander's 12th level (idem):
   1 Warrior:         idem, but no second Ranger or Commander
   1 spellcaster:     01 - 50%: One of the other two possibilities
                      51 - 100: the other one


             Both are between 4th and 7th level (3+d4).
   
   For the Commander's 13rd level (roll 1d100):
   1 Warrior:         idem, but no second Ranger or Commander
   1 spellcaster:     the one the Commander does not have

             Both are between 5th and 8th level (4+d4).

   The DM will determine race, alignment and personality of these elite
followers. Naturally, a Neutral Evil Commander will never attract a
Neutral Good Mage - unless, of course, the Mage is on a mission to kill
this dangerous tyrant.


   Raising the Army
   ----------------
    As has been mentioned repeatedly, every Commander dreams of
mobilizing an army one day. The size of this army is determined both by
the amount of money the Commander has spent on spreading his name and
fame during the last five years before the call to arms (per 1,000 GP
spent, a Commander attracts 20-200 0th level soldiers), and by what he
or she has performed during those years (a Commander who slew a couple
of dragons and a beholder will motivate more people than one who only sat
in his or her castle: for the first Commander the number of soldiers
attracted per 1,000 GP would be something like 170; for the second one
something like 75. A Commander who last three battles in a row will
attract no more than 20 soldiers per 1,000 GP). 
    These 0th level soldiers arrive within three months after the call
to arms. They are untrained, and do not own a decent armor or sword.
Therefore, a Commander who is interested in keeping them alive, will
provide all of them with equipment (leather armor and short sword or
short bow can be considered a minimum). Then he or she will train them
intensively for at least one month, after which they become 1st level
Fighters. These soldiers cost the Commander an average of 1 GP per month
- equipment not included. A huge army will clearly cost a Commander
enormous amounts of money. And that is why most of them start out on an
adventuring life: it is still the fastest way to get rich.
     In addition to these soldiers, a Commander will normally hire a
smaller amount of better trained, and more expensive, specialist troops:
their types and wages can be found on p.108 of the DMG. The combination
of the mass of 'spell-fodder' and the experienced shock-troops should
enable the Commander to start his or her own war.


   The Power of the Word
   ---------------------
    Through experience, Commanders learn to make good use of their
voices, facial expressions and body postures: they are orators, not only
capable of inciting courage and new strength in tired and desperate
soldiers, but also of forcing people to stop dead in their tracks,
overcome by fear. Translated into game terms:

*   A Commander can inspire a single creature that can understand him or
her with so much fervor that the creature's adrenalin level is raised
dramatically: it starts to convert its fat and muscle tissue into energy.
After one round of inspiration, the creature gains 2 hit points per level
of the Commander (this may raise the hit point total of the creature
above its normal maximum). This effect lasts one turn. During the last
round of the turn, the Commander can inspire the creature again: this
causes the effect to last one more turn, but also costs the creature one
point of Constitution. This re-inspiring can take place as many times as
the creature has Constitution points (no hit points are lost for low
Constitution during the effect of the inspiring), but once the creature
reaches 5 (or lower) Constitution, it has to make a system shock survival
roll or collapse. Collapsing has the same result as when the Commander
chooses not to/is prevented from re-inspire the creature: the creature
suddenly loses all bonus hit points: this may cause a sudden death if the
inspired creature had only a few hit points left. Each lost point of
Constitution can be regained by a week of rest or by the casting of a
Heal-spell. Inspiring is also very taxing for the voice of the Commander:
he or she cannot use command words (cfr. infra) until at least one turn
has passed after the last inspiring.

*   A Commander can inspire his or her troops (or companions) before a
battle. After three rounds of talking, all creatures within 10 feet per
level of the Commander receive bonuses of +1 to hit, +1 damage and +2 on
morale. This effect is only applicable to creatures that are friendly to
the Commander and that can understand him or her. The inspiration of a
Commander is cumulative with that of a Bard.

*   At higher levels, Commanders have enough mastery over their voices
to put so much power in a single word that it can control the actions of
creatures for a short period. These effects are not magical, as they are
not based on divine energy or on intricate formulas - as a consequence,
the effects cannot be dispeled by Dispel Magic. But magic is stronger
than the 'mundane' command words of a Commander, so their effects can be
overruled by spells: e.g. the audience captured by a Commander through
his or her Fascinating Speech can still be Enthralled by a Priest; and
Free Action will negate the effects of the Halt command word. Because all
command words are related to charms and enchantments, Commanders receive
a +1 bonus per five levels on their saving throws versus spells from this
school or sphere (this bonus is cumulative with Wisdom bonuses and
magical protections). These are the command words:

   1st level:         Cause Panic, Cry of Courage, Detect Charm, Order
   2nd level:         Cancel Charm, Cause Rage, Fascinating Speech,
                      Halt!, Soothing Words
   3rd level:         Aura of Confusion, Aura of Valiance, Cancel
                      Paralysis, Supreme Command
   4th level:         Aura of Chaos, Aura of Terror, Cry of Emotions,
                      Halt Monsters

   And this is the command word advancement table for Commanders
(note that the spell point system is also used for Commanders, although
the effects are not magical):

Level                  Level                       Level
 6        1            11   3  2  1                16   4  3  2  2
 7        2            12   3  2  2                17   4  3  3  2
 8        2  1         13   3  2  2  1             18   4  3  3  3
 9        2  2         14   3  3  2  1             19   4  4  3  3
10        2  2  1      15   4  3  2  1             20   4  4  4  4
   
   Commanders can 'invent' new command words without any of the
problems associated with researching new spells. Nevertheless, the DM
will probably allow targeted creatures a +2 to on their saving throws
when the Commander is still trying out his or her new command word.


                                  First Level

Cause Panic
Range: 30 yards                                Components: V,S
Duration: d4 rounds                            Casting Time: 1
Area of Effect: 1 creature/4 levels            Saving Throw: Negation

    Cause Panic causes one creature to flee in panic at maximum movement
speed away from the Commander for 1d4 rounds. A succesful saving throw
against this effect negates it, and any Wisdom adjustment also applies.
Of course, Cause Panic can be automatically countered by Cry of Courage
and vice versa.
    The somatic component are threatening gestures.



Cry of Courage
Range: 10 yards                                  Components: V,S
Duration: Special                                Casting Time: 1
Area of Effect: 1 creature/4 levels              Saving Throw: Special

    The Commander instills courage in the command word recipient, raising
the creature's saving throw rolls against magical Fear attacks by +4 for
one turn. If the recipient has recently (that day) failed a saving throw
against such an attack, the command word immediately grants another
saving throw, with a +4 bonus to the die roll. For every three levels of
the Commander, one creature can be affected by the command word (one
creature at levels 1 through 3, two creatures at levels 4 through 6,
etc.).
    This command word has no effect on undead of any sort.



Detect Charm
Range: 30 yards                                  Components: V,S
Duration: 1 round/level                          Casting Time: 1 round
Area of Effect: 1 creature/round                 Saving Throw: Negation

    The Commander can use this command word to detect if a person or
monster is under the influence of a Charm spell, or similar control such
as Hypnosis, Suggestion, beguiling, possession, etc. He or she talks to
the creature for 1 round and analyses its reactions to see whether it
behaves abnormally. The creature rolls a saving throw vs paralyzation
and, if successful, the Commander learns nothing about that particular
creature from the inquiry. A Commander who learns that a creature is
being influenced has a 5% chance per level to determine the exact type
of influence. Up to 10 different creatures can be checked before the
command word wanes. If the creature is under more than one such effect,
only the information that the charm exists is gained. The type (since
there are conflicting indications) is impossible to determine.


Order
Range: 30 yards                                  Components: V
Duration: 1 round                                Casting Time: 1
Area of Effect: 1 creature                       Saving Throw: Special

    This command word enables the Commander to command another creature
with a single word. The command must be uttered in a language understood
by the creature. The subject will obey to the best of its ability only
as long as the command is absolutely clear and unequivocal; hence, a
command to "Die!" causes the creature to fall in a faint or cataleptic
state for one round, but thereafter the creature revives and is alive
and well. Typical commands are back, halt, flee, run, stop, fall, go,
leave, surrender, sleep, rest, etc. No command affects a creature for
more than one round; undead are not affected at all. Creatures with
Intelligence of 10 (high) or more, or those with 3 or more Hit Dice (or
experience levels) are entitled to a saving throw vs paralyzation,
adjusted for Wisdom. (Creatures with 10 or higher Intelligence and 3 Hit
Dice/levels get only one saving throw!)




                               Second Level

Cancel Charm
Range: 30 yards                                 Components: V
Duration: 1 round/3 levels                      Casting Time: 1 round
Area of Effect: 1 creature/round                Saving Throw: Special

   With this command word a Commander can try to make charmed creatures
behave normally again. First, he or she has to talk with the creature for
one round. The creature is then allowed a saving throw vs paralyzation,
adjusted for Wisdom. If this saving throw succeeds, the Commander learns
nothing. If it fails, the Commander knows if the creature is charmed in
some way. If the Commander decides to talk to the creature for one more
round, it is allowed to make a second saving throw against the original
save attack - the Commander rouses the creature's Self so that it can
make another attack against the control of the Charm.


Cause Rage
Range: 30 yards                                 Components: V,S
Duration: 1 round/level                         Casting Time: 5
Area of Effect: all creatures in range          Saving Throw: Negation

    All creatures in range that can understand the Commander have to roll
a saving throw vs paralyzation, adjusted for Wisdom. Creatures that fail
their saving throw go berserk and automatically attack the nearest enemy
with their weapons or, if nothing else is available, with their bare
hands - not with spells. As long as they are berserk, these creatures
gain a +1 bonus to hit, a +3 bonus on damage rolls, and 5 extra hit
points. If there are no enemies around, the creature has to roll a
succesful Wisdom check in order to avoid attacking the nearest creature.
Creatures that make the original saving throw are immune to the effects
of the command word. The Commander that utters Cause Rage also has to
make a saving throw or become berserk.
    A Commander can also use this command word to become berserk himself,
automatically failing his save, but without affecting other creatures.


Fascinating Speech
Range: 30 yards                                  Components: V,S
Duration: Special                                Casting Time: 1 round
Area of Effect: all creatures in range           Saving Throw: Negation

    A Commander using this command word can enthrall an audience that can
fully understand his or her language. Those in the area of effect must
save vs paralyzation or give the Commander their undivided attention,
totally ignoring their surroundings. Those of a race or religion
unfriendly to the Commander's have a +4 bonus to the roll. Any Wisdom
adjustment also applies. Creatures with 4 or more levels or Hit Dice, or
with a Wisdom of 16 or better, are unaffected.
    To use the command word, the Commander must speak without
interruption for a full round. Thereafter, the fascination lasts as long
as the Commander speaks. Those enthralled take no action while the
Commander speaks, and for d3 rounds thereafter while they discuss the
matter. Those entering the area of effect must also save or become
fascinated. Those not enthralled are 30% likely every turn to hoot and
jeer in unison. If there is excessive jeering, the rest are allowed a new
saving throw. The speech ends (but the d3 round delay still applies) if
the Commander is successfully attacked or performs any action other than
speaking.
    If the audience is attacked, the fascination effect ends and the
audience reacts immediately, rolling a reaction check with respect to the
source of the interruption, at a penalty of -10.
    Note: When handling a large number of saving throws for similar
creatures, the DM can assume an average to save time: e.g., a crowd of
20 men with a base saving throw of 16 (25% success chance) will have 15
men fascinated and 5 not.



Halt!
Range: 30 yards                                  Components: V,S
Duration: d4+1 rounds                            Casting Time: 5
Area of Effect: 1-4 creatures in range           Saving Throw: Negation

    The command word holds up to 4 humans, demi-humans, or humanoid
creatures in place for two to five rounds, as they are overcome by sheer
terror. The Halt! command word affects any bipedal human, demihuman, or
humanoid of man-size or smaller, as long as the creature can understand
what the Commander is yelling at it. Thus, a 10th-level fighter could be
halted, while a deaf kobold could not. 
    The effect is centered on the Commander, and it affects persons
selected by the Commander within the area of effect. If the command word
is used against three or four creatures, each gets a normal saving throw
vs paralyzation; if only two creatures are being attacked, each rolls its
saving throw with a -1 penalty; if the command word is used against but
one creature, the saving throw die roll suffers a -2 penalty. Saving
throws are adjusted for Wisdom. Those who succeed on their saving throws
are totally unaffected by the command word. Undead creatures cannot be
halted.
    Halted creatures cannot move (although trembling certainly occurs)
or speak, but they remain aware of events around them and can use
abilities not requiring motion or speech. Being halted does not prevent
the worsening of the subject's condition due to wounds, disease, or
poison. The Commander uttering the Halt! command word can end the effect
with a single utterance at any time; otherwise the command word lasts for
1d4 +1 rounds.



Soothing Words
Range: 30 yards                                  Components: V,S
Duration: 1 round/level                          Casting Time: 5
Area of Effect: all creatures in range           Saving Throw: Negation

    This command word causes all creature in range to feel peaceful and
forgiving unless a saving throw vs paralyzation, adjusted for Wisdom, is
made. It affects angry, berserk and fearful creatures alike. Note that
a Commander who is himself berserk can not use this command word to cool
down.


                         Third Level

Aura of Confusion
Range:  1/2 yard/level                           Components: V,S
Duration: 1 minute/level                         Casting Time: 1 round
Area of Effect: all creatures in range           Saving Throw: Special

    This powerful command word is many a Commander's favorite, although
it carries quite some risk for the Commander as well. The Commander
spends 1 round making himself or herself berserk (see Cause Rage), and
then charges into battle. There must be a real challenge for the
Commander (20 Orcs, 3 Trolls - DM's decision, but never a single
creature, even if it is a great wyrm); otherwise, the command word has
no more effect than Cause Rage. If sufficient challenge is present,
however, the Commander becomes such a fearful sight that he or she
creates mayhem within half a yard per level. Enemy troops in this area
suffer effects similar to those of a Confusion-spell (p.232 of the PHB -
 but treat a roll of 1 as Cause Panic), if they fail a saving throw vs
paralyzation, adjusted for Wisdom. This the kind of power that enables
Commanders to change the outcome of a battle that is going against them:
with some luck, it may route the enemy troops.


Aura of Valiance
Range:  1/2 yard/level                          Components: V,S
Duration: 1 Turn/level                          Casting Time: 6
Area of Effect: all friendly creatures in range Saving Throw: None

    With Aura of Valiance, a Commander fills the friends or troops close
to him or her with courage. The effects of this command word last for 1
turn per level of the Commander - but ends early if the Commander is
killed or withdraws from the battle. During that time the Commander
cannot be made to flee by magical means (Cause Fear, Fear, ...) or by the
effects of another Commander. The Commander can, of course, at all times
flee voluntarily, but this ends the effect. Other creatures friendly to
the Commander that stay within range receive a +3 bonus on morale checks
and on saving throws vs spells like Fear.


Cancel Paralysis
Range: 10 yards                                  Components: V,S
Duration: 1 round/3 levels                       Casting Time: 1 round
Area of Effect: 1 creature/round                 Saving Throw: Special

    This command word resembles Cancel Charm: the Commander talks to a
creature for 1 round, after which it is allowed to roll a second saving
throw versus the attack that paralyzed it. This is due to the inspiring
words of the Commander: through an ultimate effort of will the creature
tries to regain control over its limbs. The command word only affects
creatures that can understand the commander.
    Each paralyzed creature is only allowed one extra saving throw.


Supreme Command
Range: 30 yards                                  Components: V
Duration: d4+1 rounds                            Casting Time: 3
Area of Effect: 1-5 creatures                    Saving Throw: Negation

    The Commander can use this command word to influence the actions of
up to five creatures for two to five rounds. The Commander need but utter
a single word, and the creatures will, if they can understand him or her,
obey his or her command to the best of their abilities. Typical commands
are: Sleep!, Halt!, Flee! Undead are not affected at all. Creatures with
Intelligence of 10 (high) or more, or those with 3 or more Hit Dice (or
experience levels) are entitled to a saving throw vs paralyzation,
adjusted for Wisdom. (Creatures with 10 or higher Intelligence and 3 Hit
Dice/levels get only one saving throw!).


                            Fourth Level

Aura of Chaos
Range:  1/2 yard/level                            Components: V,S
Duration: 1 minute/level                          Casting Time: 1 minute
Area of Effect: all creatures in range            Saving Throw: Special

    This powerful command word has allowed many a Commander to turn the
tables during a battle. The Commander spends 1 round making himself or
herself berserk (see Cause Rage), and then charges into battle. There
must be a real challenge for the Commander on the battle-field (e.g. 5
Ettins - DM's decision, but never a single creature, even if it is a
great wyrm); otherwise, the command word has no more effect than Cause
Rage. If sufficient challenge is present, however, the Commander becomes
such a fearful sight that he or she creates mayhem within half a yard per
level. Enemies in this area suffer effects similar to those of a Chaos-
spell (p.166 of the PHB - but treat a roll of 1 as Cause Panic), if they
fail a saving throw vs paralyzation, adjusted for Wisdom. Note that only
creatures with 5 or more hit die or levels are allowed to save.


Aura of Terror
Range:  1/2 yard/level                            Components: V,S
Duration: 2 rounds/level                          Casting Time: 6
Area of Effect: the Commander                     Saving Throw: Negation

    The Commander that utters Aura of Terror manages to make his or her
swings look more dangerous than they really are, so that he or she
appears as a divinely inspired warrior hacking and slashing at everybody
and everything that approaches him or her. This is so frightening a sight
that all creatures (also those friendly to the Commander) that approach
within half a yard per level of the Commander have to save vs
paralyzation, adjusted for Wisdom. Those that fail their saving throw
flee for 2d10 rounds, running at maximum speed away from the Commander
(if someone makes it impossible for them to do so, they will try to hide
in as remote a place as they can find). Creatures that make their saving
throw can attack the Commander normally - note that these creatures have
to save again if they leave the area of effect and want to enter it
again.


Cry of Emotions
Range: 30 yards                                  Components: V,S
Duration: Special                                Casting Time: 1 round
Area of Effect: 1-10 creatures in range          Saving Throw: Negation

    This command word enables the Commander to use his or her voice and
gestures to influence the emotional status of up to 10 creatures. These
creatures are allowed a saving throw vs paralyzation, adjusted for
Wisdom, to avoid the effects of Cry of Emotions. The Commander can choose
one emotion from the list on p.157 of the PHB (cfr. Emotion), and the
creatures that fail their their saving throw suffer from that effect. The
effect lasts as long as the Commander keeps speaking - while speaking,
he or she is allowed to parry, but no to attack. The Commander can also
change the emotion, but the affected creatures are then allowed a new
saving throw.


Halt Monsters
Range: 30 yards                                 Components: V,S
Duration: d4+1 rounds                           Casting Time: 1 round
Area of Effect: 1-4 creatures in range          Saving Throw: Negation

    Halt Monsters enables the Commander to frighten up to four creatures
in such a dramatic way that they are unable to do anything but tremble
for one plus d4 rounds. The creatures must have minds (but need not be
humanoid) and must be able to hear, although they need not understand the
language of the Commander. If the Commander targets only one creature,
it gets a saving throw vs paralyzation, adjusted for Wisdom, with a -3
penalty. When two creatures are targeted, they save at -1. Three or four
creatures save normally.


===================================================

Appendix B

                          Life Energy Levels (LELs)
                          ------------------------- 

    I also feel that -the energy-draining ability of undead is a grossly
unbalancing feature of the AD&D 2nd Edition game.- (Dragon 167, pp.74-75
- but my system is somewhat simpler) That is why characters have a LEL,
next to their 'ordinary' experience level. These LELs are used for all
forms of level-draining: spells, undead, artifacts, ... . This change was
prompted by the practical problems that resulted from energy-draining
attacks (what was a character's Climb Walls-percentage three levels ago?;
what spells are lost from memory?), and by the fact that it is not
realistic that a character 'loses experience': when a character is
drained for the first time, he or she should actually gain experience.
It is not my intention to make undead less powerful, but simply to make
them dangerous in a slightly different way.

*   New LELs are gained together with the normal experience levels: a 1st
level character starts with 1 LEL, and when he or she reaches a new
experience level, he or she also gains a new LEL.

*   When an energy-draining attack occurs, LELs are drained instead of
experience levels. With each LEL drained, the character loses one point
of Constitution (possibly losing bonus hit points due to a high
Constitution; a Constitution score of 6 or less results in hit points
lost). If the character's LEL or Constitution reaches 0, he or she dies
and becomes an undead creature of the type that killed him or her.
Energy-draining now does what the name says: it drains a character's
vital forces, thus weakening him or her. Characters that are brought near
death in this way actually become lighter and increasingly translucent.
Nevertheless, the character always retains his normal experience level
and the abilities associated with that level.

*   Constitution points that were lost due to an energy-draining attack
can be regained in several ways: for each half day the creature spends
outdoors on the surface he or she recovers one point of Constitution
(indoors this is only one point per day; and creatures that stay
underground only regain one Constitution point per week - this has to do
with the scarcity under the ground of positive energy particles emitted
by the sun); a Negative Plane Protection-spell (a third level Priest
spell) cast specifically for this purpose also gives one point of
Constitution back, even when the affected character is living
underground; and a Restoration-spell cast for the purpose will restore
all lost Constitution points at once. A Limited Wish-spell works as
Negative Plane Protection, while a full Wish can replace Restoration.

*   Life Energy Levels can only be regained on a on-by-one basis by the
castings of Restoration or Wish: i.e. each casting of such a spell only
gives a single LEL back.

*   The Wizard spell Chill Touch remains unchanged; Enervation and Energy
Drain from now on also apply to LELs, not to normal experience levels.
(Death Spell and Finger of Death use the new rule for save or die - see
Combat). Artifacts and the Sword of Life-Stealing also drain LELs: a
character whose LEL or Constitution is reduced to 0 in such a way dies,
and becomes an undead (Wight, Wraith, Spectre, or Ghost depending on the
level of the character, the circumstances, and the exact cause of death). 
