Unique Weapons of the Forgotten Realms
by Gary E. Schaper

There's nothing I find more boring than a magic weapon that has nothing to recommend it except its game statistics.  On the other hand, a weapon doesn't have to be an artifact to be unique.  Giving a weapon a name and a little bit of personality can make players a lot more interested in it (and less anxious to trade it in on something more powerful), even if it isn't a +7 two-handed sword of instant monster destruction.  Here are some samples from a Forgotten Realms campaign I developed.

Warder.

This is a long spear with a heavy leaf-shaped blade forged to the end of of a steel shaft.   The central portion of the haft is wrapped with supple black leather, providing a good grip.  It functions as a long spear +2; characters proficient in the spear or long spear may use the haft as a bludgeoning weapon equivalent to a  quarterstaff +2. In addition, the spear provides a +2 AC bonus when wielded in combat against opponents of Size L or larger.  (Thus its name.)

Heartfang.

The blade of this longsword has a slight coppery tinge to it.  It is, in fact, forged from starmetal (meteoric steel).  Although the edge has been honed to a razor's edge, it does not nick or dull.  Although the longsword is nonmagical, it carries a +1 bonus due to its superior sharpness and balance.  Its name is etched in Thorass runes down the length of the blade.

Retribution's Claw.

This dagger +2 is an intelligent weapon of chaotic good alignment.  Characters of lawful or evil alignments feel a painful stinging in their hands when they attempt to use the weapon, dealing 1 hp of damage per round.  In the hands of an acceptable character, the dagger can detect evil in a 10' radius, communicating this knowledge empathically.  A successful hit against creatures of lawful evil alignment will paralyze them for 1d4 rounds.  Bards or sages may recognize the weapon as having once belonged to Shandar Nemys, a long-dead thief and folk hero of Mistledale.

Foecrusher and Crusher's Fist.

These weapons, while effective separately, were created as a pair by a priest of Tempus, and provide their full benefit only when used in concert by another of the order.  Foecrusher is a hefty warhammer+2 with a head of black steel and a handle wrapped in white leather stained brown by blood over its years of use.  Crusher's Fist is a spiked battle gauntlet +1 for the right hand.  When a Tempurian priest wields one of these weapons in either hand, he suffers no combat penalties for using two weapons.  If the hammer is wielded with the gauntlet, it cannot be disarmed under any circumstances.  This does not allow the priest to throw the hammer and automatically retrieve it, but he cannot lose the weapon short of losing his arm.

Trueseeker.

This weapon is a flight arrow +4 with head and shaft forged from meteoric steel.  It is unlike most magic arrows in that it has no chance of breaking short of deliberate, extraordinary effort, such as a dragon attempting to crush it underfoot or a fire giant picking it up and trying to snap it, and even then it gets the normal +5 save vs. crushing blow.  Moreover, the owner may take an initiative penalty of +1 to name a target out loud.  If the arrow misses the named target, it teleports back to the owner's quiver.  Trueseeker may be retrieved from a target it strikes and reused.

Blackmist.

This throwing axe +2 is attached to a forearm shackle by 10' of light chain, which is magically nonencumbering in the manner of magic armor.  When the shackle is worn, the owner gains an extra attack when using the axe exclusively; when thrown, it magically returns to the thrower's hand via the chain.  A character must devote a weapon proficiency specifically to the use of Blackmist to avoid nonproficiency penalties, although these penalties are halved if the character is proficient in the throwing axe.

However, Blackmist has a well-deserved evil reputation.  It bears a mild curse; once attached to a character's forearm, it seals fast and may not be removed without a remove curse spell until the character dies.  While the character wears the shackle, the axe absorbs half the hit point value of all magical healing.  Faint swirls of black fog surround the head of the axe at all times.  The weapon is nonaligned, so good characters suffer no ill effects from using it, and may well decide that the positive effects outweigh the curse.

"Cold Iron"

In most respects, this weapon is similar to a longsword +1, +2 vs. magic-using and enchanted creatures.  It has a simple hilt of carved and polished wood and a blade of wrought iron rather than steel.  Acid-etched onto the blade are the words "Iron, cold iron, shall be master of you all."

Oblivion's Brand.

This ominous-looking longword has a hilt of black leather and a black blade inscribed with silver runes.  The weapon's powers and story are bound up with the quasi-power Entropy, described in "Running the Realms" from the new Forgotten Realms boxed set.  Ancient legends of Entropy state that at one time this entity, or force, threatened to consume the Realms.  The mages of Toril were able to prevent this, but at the cost of dispersing bits of Entropy throughout the Realms.  Sages who know of Oblivion's Brand theorize that some long-ago mage was able to bind a bit of the essence of Entropy into the blade.

Although it is neither aligned nor cursed, characters of all alignments feel somewhat uncomfortable when handling Oblivion's Brand.  Under normal circumstances, it drains 1 hp from its owner per day.  Normally, this would be restored by bed rest; unfortunately, most adventurers who would wield the blade suffer additional wounds over the course of a day, so the drain is something of an annoyance.

The sword's effects in battle are something else again.  Oblivion's Brand functions normally as a longsword +2.  Additionally, whenever a successful blow is struck in combat, the being struck must make a save vs. death magic.  Failure to save results in an additional 1d4 points of damage being drained from the creature.  A successful save, however, forces the wielder to also make a save or suffer the drain damage.

Serpent's Tail.

This whip +3 is a swashbuckler's dream come true.  Made of brown snakeskin (apparently from a giant snake of some variety), it is 12' long and has an exquisitely crafter wooden handle.  It can respond to its wielder's commands as a rope of climbing and can snare small objects with a successful attack roll.  In combat, a successful attack against an opponent can bind an opponent's limb.  (Whether the limb can be held fast or not depends on the relative Strength of the wielder and the opponent.)

Shadowblade.

This powerful weapon is a sword in name only.  Whatever material its blade of flickering blue-black is forged from, it is definitely not steel.  Some sages familiar with Shadowblade theorize that it is composed of material pulled from the Plane of Shadow.  Its properties, and solidity, vary according to the levels of ambient light present when it is wielded.

In full daylight or strong illumination, the blade is wholly insubstantial and extremely light; its blade seems to be a length of shadow extending from the hilt.  In these circumstances, the sword acts as a longsword of speed, enabling its wielder to always strike first, but bears no attack or damage bonuses.  In total darkness or torchlight, the weapon seems completely material, acting as a longsword +2.   In moderate illumination such as a single lantern or a torchlit room, the sword seems solid one moment and noncorporeal the next; providing both benefits.  Against ethereal creatures or creatures linked to the plane of Shadow, Shadowblade acts as a longsword +4.

Windsinger.

At first glance this quarterstaff appears to be nothing more than a typical length of dark oak, bound at either end with bands of steel bearing a few cryptic runes.  Its properties rapidly become apparent when it is wielded by a skilled stavesman.  The staff acts as a quarterstaff +3 which doubles the normal number of attacks possible for its user.  Apart from these benefits, the user may automatically attempt to parry (as per the parrying rules in the Complete Fighter's Handbook) any melee attack to which the user's Dexterity bonus applies.
	
Windsinger's name derives from from a series of fluted grooves cut in the steel braces, which produces a distinctive whistling as the staff is wielded in combat.

I hope you have as much fun with these weapons as I did.  Please e-mail me with any comments and/or adulation.

							Gary E. Schaper
							aka "Bollux" on AOL
