Epilogue

So now it ends.
-Kurgan

Well, it's finished.  That's my first comment.

I've enjoyed Highlander since I first saw it in the theaters in 1986.
I was running an immortal of my own design in a Champions campaign at the
time, a man named Infinity who had been struck down on the field of
battle in 184 AD, and had refused to die (Death appeared to him, and
Infinity beat Death in a contest of wills).  He carried a sword,
couldn't die... I was hooked from minute one of the movie.  (Queen and
Sean Connery didn't hurt, either).

Highlander touches at the heart of one of our most powerful desires:
immortality.  It was a classic good vs. evil story, happening in the
"real world". In that respect, it has a lot of the same appeal as the
Storyteller games, in that it happens in the same world we live in, or
at least the one we hope (or fear) we live in, with magick living in
all the cracks the evening news miss.

I'm something of a Highlander expert, having all the episodes of the
series on tape, having both the American and European versions of the
first movie, and completely ignoring the second. (center smiley here).
Visitors to my home are greeted with the original poster on a wall,
and a katana standing in the corner.  With three or four others, I
helped start a simple Highlander mailing list.  The list became a real
mailing list (HIGHLA-L@PSUVM.PSU.EDU) on the Internet, and it's now
grown humongous... thanks, Debbie, for making the list, and Jeff, for
making us think about what Quickening really might be.

I'm also a minor Storyteller expert.  I started with the Vampire
mailing list (now vampire-l@wizards.com) soon after the game came out,
and have been with it ever since.  I worked with the other mailing list
folks on the first edition Player's Guide, my one time in print on a game
(yes, I brag, so what).  I've run two Vampire campaign, and currently run a
Vampire, Mage, Werewolf, Highlander crossover campaign once a week.  I also
run a Vampire PBeM on the Internet, which boasts fourteen of y'all as
members. 

Still, nothing I've written here is canon.  This is just my attempt to
merge two of my interests (as well as the two mailing lists that swell
my mailbox daily) into a whole, because it felt like it should be
done.  Hope y'all enjoy it.  Any questions/comments/bitching can be
done to me... driskill@cs.utah.edu is where I live.

Hank.

Quick Aside: To subscribe to the Highlander mailing list, send mail to
listserv@psuvm.psu.edu with a message body that says simply sub highla-l
yourname@yoursite.  Likewise, you can subscribe to the vampire mailing list
by sending mail to listserv@wizards.com, the same way.  For more info on
the Highlander mailing list, contact Debbie_Douglass@DL5000.bc.edu...

              However old you think you are... you're right.

                        ------         ------
                     |           \ /           |
                     |           / \           |
                        ------         ------
