Chapter 5 - The World of Darkness

Fighting to survive, in a war with the darkest powers...
-Queen

Immortals bring an interesting new facet to the World of Darkness.
How do they fit in, however?  Each of the Storyteller facets (Vampire,
Werewolf, and Mage) has introduced a new set of heroes and villains,
locked in battle over cosmic concerns.  The immortals from Highlander
fit quite nicely into this world, and will find themselves quite busy
fending off both their own enemies and those of the others.

Antagonists

'How do you fight such a savage?' 'With heart, faith, and steel...'
-Connor, Ramirez

Immortals vs. Kindred

Immortals are quite apt to run up against the Kindred of a given city:
Kindred feed off the mortals, immortals protect them.  Kindred seek to
control or destroy, immortals are an unknown force that don't fit into
their schemes.  They're dangerous.  However, immortals have their
uses, and getting one on your side is definitely helpful.

Immortals vs. Garou

Immortals are more likely to join the Garou than anything else.  The
Garou fight for a simpler time, a time the immortal (possibly) still
remembers.  On the other hand, many immortals have amassed great
fortunes and (possibly) control portions of man's world that the Garou
don't appreciate.  Also, PC immortals are likely to follow in the hero
mold of Duncan and Connor MacLeod, which will put them strongly with
the Garou and against the evils of Pentex...

Immortals vs. Magi

Immortals and Magi just don't mix well.  Not that they can't, just
that often magi will eventually decapitate the immortal just to
empower their Node.  Also, Magi (like Kindred) will often distrust
what they can't control, and the immortal's immunity to both Prime and
Life makes them a danger.  On the other hand, immortals make useful
companions, powerful and yet not beholden to a Clan or Tribe.

Immortals vs. Arcanum

The Arcanum has a specific branch that studies the immortals, a branch
which has in recent years developed (in some instances) a decidedly
negative reaction to them.

The Watchers

The Watchers are a perfect fit with the Arcanum (the Watchers have
been detailed in the series, and one of the main characters starting
with the second season is a member of this group).  The Watchers have
spent centuries studying the immortals, chronicling their exploits,
but not interfering.  They keep accurate records of all new immortals,
who has taken who's head, and (like the immortals themselves) wonder
as to who will gain the Prize, and what this Prize is.

Watchers are mortals, and are chosen for their "normalness".  They
don't stand out in a crowd, they blend.  They don't trigger the
immortal's senses, and are trained to observe.  Their only
distinguishing feature is a tattoo on their wrists, a circle with a
holy symbol of their order within.  This allows them to easily
recognize one another, and to remind them of their mission.

The Hunters

In recent years, a rogue branch of the Watchers has formed.  This
group, fueled by paranoia, has decided that they cannot wait and hope
that the immortal who gains the Prize is a good person.  They actively
hunt and kill immortals, removing their heads and allowing their
knowledge and power to be lost to the Ether.  In this way, they seek
to stop any immortal from achieving the power of the Prize.  These
"Hunters" view immortals as the greatest danger ever to face
mankind... in the World of Darkness, however, their mission may have
expanded to include Vampires, Magi, and any other beings they perceive
to be a danger.

Characters

These are simply the author's interpretations of the immortals from
the movie and series.  If you disagree with part or all of it, change
it.

Connor MacLeod (circa 1985)
I am Connor MacLeod of the Clan MacLeod.  I was born in 1518 in the village
of Glenfinnan on the shores of Loch Shiel.  And I am immortal.
-Connor

Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Awareness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 4, 
	Intimidation 3, Intuition 3, Leadership 1, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 3, Firearms 2, Melee 6, Stealth 4, Survival 3
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Computer 1, Finance 3, Investigation 2,
	Law 3, Linguistics 3, Medicine 2, Occult 1, Politics 2,
	Science 2

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Arcane 1, Contacts 2, Resources 5

Quickening 7
Willpower  7

Weapon			Katana (difficulty 6, Str+5=8 dice)

Duncan MacLeod (circa 1993)
I am Duncan MacLeod born 400 years ago in the Highlands of Scotland.  I am
immortal, and I am not alone.
-Duncan

Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4
Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 1, Awareness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 6, Dodge 3,
	Intimidation 2, Intuition 2, Leadership 2, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Drive 3, Etiquette 1, Firearms 3, Melee 6, Repair 1, Stealth
	3, Survival 4
Knowledges: Computer 2, Finance 2, Investigation 3, Law 1, Linguistics
	4, Medicine 1, Occult 1, Politics 1, Science 1

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Arcane 2, Contacts 1, Mentor 4, Resources 4

Quickening 5
Willpower  8

Weapon			Katana (difficulty 6, Str+5=8 dice)

Ramirez (circa 1541)
I am Juan Sanchez Villa Lobos Ramirez, chief metallurgist to King Charles V
of Spain.  And I am at your service.
-Ramirez

Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Awareness 5, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
	Empathy 2, Intimidation 3, Intuition 4, Leadership 4, Streetwise 3,
	Subterfuge 4
Skills: Etiquette 4, Melee 7, Music 3, Repair 2, Stealth 3,
	Survival 5
Knowledges: Finance 4, Investigation 5, Law 4, Linguistics
	6, Medicine 4, Occult 3, Politics 4, Science 3

Backgrounds: Arcane 3, Resources 5

Quickening 6
Willpower  9

Weapon			Katana (difficulty 6, Str+5=8 dice)

The Kurgan (circa 1985)
The Kurgans were an ancient people from the steppes of Russia.  For amusement
they tossed children into pits with hungry dogs to fight for meat.  Ah, the
Kurgan... he is the strongest of all the immortals.  He is the perfect
warrior.
-Ramirez

Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5
Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Awareness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 7, Dodge 5,
	Intimidation 6, Leadership 4, Streetwise 5, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Drive 4, Firearms 5, Melee 8, Repair 4, Stealth 2,
	Survival 6
Knowledges: Computer 1, Finance 3, Investigation 2, Law 3, Linguistics
	5, Medicine 2, Occult 4, Politics 3, Science 2

Backgrounds: Arcane 3, Contacts 2, Fame 1, Resources 3

Quickening 8
Willpower  8

Weapon			Two Handed Sword (difficulty 7, Str+6=11 dice)
