                            He is immortal.
                  Born in the highlands 400 years ago.
                            He is not alone.
                       There are others like him;
                          some good some evil.
          For centuries he has battled the forces of darkness
                   with holy ground his only refuge.
     He cannot die unless you take his head and with it his power.
                   In the end there can be only one.
                  He is Conner McCloud the highlander.


                          THE HIGHLANDER GUIDE

                     FOR FANTASY ROLE-PLAYING GAMES

                         Another Quality Guide

                              Provided By

                   Duncan McDier of the Clan McDier

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                           TABLE OF CONTENTS


Preface
In the Beginning...
Becoming an Immortal
The Guidance
Requirements
The Quickening
The Immortal Code
The Death of an Immortal
the Gathering
The Prize
The Watchers
The Role of an Immortal
Anti Munchkin/Monty-Haul Tactics

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                                PREFACE


     This small guide is provided for those people who play fanatasy
role-playing games and want to bring to the game information and rules
based on the Highlander movies and television series. Although
knowledge of Highlander is not necessary to play, it helps in
explaining the style and flavor that is unique to Highlander.
     Also, Hank (DRISKILL@CS.UTAH.EDU) created a White Wolf system's
World of Darkness supplement for Highlander. Some of the Highlander
information presented in his supplement was used here to better
describe the workings of the Highlander world.
     Hopefully you will enjoy this guide and I would be happy in
hearing of and changes or additions you have made in your Highlander
campaign.

                                             --- McDier

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                          IN THE BEGINNING...


     A being (or beings, power, or force) mightier than the gods
created all planes of existence. This being realized that there would
come a time when the gods would no longer exist as the powerful
entities they are. Unfortunately, sentient beings whether good or evil
without gods could not exist either for they would have no guidance.
So, the being decided to create Immortals who will one day gather and
fight to the death. In the end there can be only one and he or she
shall be the ruler of the universe.
     Of course, a GM may not want to rid the universe of deities and
make a supreme Immortal ruler. Variations as to the purpose of creating
Immortals are:

     The Immortals are created as above, but they fight to become ruler
of a planet, crystal sphere, or dimension instead of the entire
universe.

     The Immortals are created so that the best Immortal may obtain
deity status. Maybe to start a sphere of influence that is non-
existent.
     Maybe an Immortal is to replace a lost or destroyed god. For
example, a deity becomes destroyed. The deity's divinity is distributed
amongst the Immortals.  When one Immortal kills another, he gets that
fragment of divinity and continues on. When the last Immortal is
killed, the survivor is granted all the powers of the dead deity, the
deity is "reincarnated" as through this Immortal. In this case, the
majority of Immortals should tend to be the same gender, race, and
alignment.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                          BECOMING AN IMMORTAL


Immortal Potential


     A person isn't born Immortal per se. A "potential" Immortal is
born mortal and leads a normal life unaware of his great potential.
Until he reaches "maturity" he is treated as any other mortal and can
die like anyone else. It is impossible to tell a potential immortal
from other mortals by any means. No magical method will work and even
the gods will not or cannot tell. After maturity, the person is
technically immortal, but is not aware of his power.
     Awareness of regeneration ability will of course happen whenever
an injury occurs but it is hard to recognize except in sever instances.
Coming back from the dead, so to speak, is a sure sign of great
ability. But this doesn't explain WHY?
     Full awareness of being an Immortal and what it means typically
comes about when another Immortal seeks him out and teaches him the
ways of the Immortals (discussed later).


Immortal Creation


     But who decides who has Immortal potential. The creation of
Immortals is done through a variety of indirect means. A GM should
decide which is best for his campaign.

Deity Champion

     A deity may choose a champion and thus bestow Immortal status on
him or her. The deity may select a potential Immortal at birth or
choose a mature person and instantly render him an Immortal. Not all
deities will want a champion Immortal (for example, the god of peace
may not want a champion) but most will. After choosing a champion, the
deity may not interfere in any way with the champion's life. Although
he may be aware of being Immortal, the champion is unaware of being the
deity's champion. Furthermore, the champion of a deity is not known by
other deities and can never be learned (if you tried to tell a deity
who another deity champion is he would know that you said something but
not what you said).
     Remember that the great forces of evil will have their champions
also.

Exile

     On a different plane of existence there is a dictator of the
planet Zeist called Katana. Whenever he captures enemies (usually
rebels that are part of a holy underground) of his dictatorship, he
banishes them (required by the clerics) to another dimension (i.e. the
campaign plane of existence).
     Everybody sent from the other dimension is "born" into a new body,
with vague memories of who they once were. Being from the different
plane of existence, they become Immortals.
     This option is taken from the 2nd movie which is probably best
forgotten.

Random

     Always the easy way, a potential Immortal is randomly born and if
he reaches majority he becomes an Immortal.
     Instead of instantly becoming Immortal upon maturity, the GM may
opt to let the potential Immortal become an Immortal only after "death"
(i.e. reaching negative hit points).

Violent Death

     Immortals may be mortals who have died a violent death, but wake
up a short time later, alive and unharmed.
     In game terms, after the initial "death" the Immortal wakes up
after 1d6 rounds (or 1d6+6 hours for GMs who desire).

Birthright

     Before a potential Immortal becomes an Immortal, he may reproduce.
The children of a potential Immortal may become potential Immortals
themselves.

Killing an Immortal

     When a non-Immortal severs the head of an Immortal, he absorbs the
Quickening of the slain Immortal as Immortals do. Unfortunately, he
must make a saving throw vs. death magic to absorb the slain Immortal's
Quickening. Failing the save causes death. If the first is successful,
the mortal has to make another saving throw vs. death magic to
withstand the shock of becoming immortal or die.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                              THE GUIDANCE


     Upon reaching Immortal status, another Immortal will be drawn to
the new Immortal to teach him or her. A nearby Immortal is compelled to
seek out the new born Immortal if a save vs. magic is failed. The
Immortal tends to be the same alignment as the one he seeks.
     Some unscrupulous Immortals kill off Immature Immortals before
they can discover what they really are.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                              REQUIREMENTS


Ability Scores - Once a potential Immortal becomes an Immortal, he
gains a +2 to Strength, +2 to Dexterity, and +2 to Constitution. Thus,
pitiful potential Immortals will receive higher ability scores when
they become Immortal.

Armor Use - An Immortal tends not to use armor because armor seems to
hamper his freedom. If an Immortal does wear armor, the armor will not
provide any extra protection to the neck, i.e. a called shot to an
armored neck is no different then a called shot to a bare neck, the
head will come off just as easy.

Class - An Immortal has experience in all classes. However, the
Immortal must choose a "primary" class which tends to be the one he had
as a potential Immortal. Once he becomes an Immortal, he also joins the
fighter class. An Immortal gains experience by adventuring in his
fighter class and primary class only as per multi-class rules. The
Immortal is treated as a multi-classed character in respect to game
rules.
     Experience gained in other classes occurs during the taking of the
quickening of another Immortal. The character may use abilities of
these classes as level dictates, if he wishes. Most tend not to do the
rigorous training as a fighter.
     Note that Immortal clerics do not need to have a specific deity to
gain clerical powers. Clerical powers come through the quickening and
not patron deities.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                             THE QUICKENING


     The quickening is the power within an Immortal. Its a different
kind of magic. Its the power of the soul magnified. Its the life force
of an Immortal. It is the sum of all his knowledge and power, and is
what makes him different from the mortals around him. Quickening is
what the Immortals fight for: when they fight, they fight to literally
absorb their opponent's life force into themselves.

Age - Once a potential Immortal becomes an Immortal, he doesn't
physically or mentally age. This is a big problem for potential
Immortals that died at a young age and find themselves to be children
or teenage Immortals. A child Immortal typically doesn't survive long
as he is an easy target for older, stronger Immortals. It is suggested
that minimum age for an Immortal is equal to the ages of puberty
(dependant on race).

Breathe Water - With this ability, an Immortal may survive indefinitely
underwater, drawing oxygen from the water. This is not the same as not
breathing, It has been shown that Immortals do breathe, and that poison
gas will affect them (although it cannot kill them).

Empower Self - Using his Quickening, an Immortal may increase his
physical attributes for one hour per day. The Immortal gets +1 for
every five fighter levels that may be distributed as the player wants.

Empower Weapon - Using their Quickening, an Immortal can infuse his
weapon with power, causing them to do more damage, and also causing a
showy electrical discharge. When using an edged weapon, an Immortal can
charge the weapon which gives him a +1 to hit and a +1 to damage.
Furthermore, a called shot to the neck (-3 to hit), will sever the
opponent's head.

Immortal Sensing - Only another Immortal can detect an Immortal's
quickening. Whenever an Immortal is within 25 feet of another Immortal,
he will sense the quickening of the Immortal, and know his general
location (i.e. behind, in front of, etc). No specific information on
the immortal's identity is given, nor is the location of the immortal
known, merely that the immortal is near.
     This power also allows an Immortal to sense holy ground.

Immunity - An Immortal is Immune to disease and curses.
     Instant death magic has no affect on the Immortal. Spells and
psionics that damage or destroy the mind (Feeblemind, Phantasmal
Killer, Mindwipe) are undone when the Immortal reaches negative hit
points.
     An Immortal isn't Immune to poisons but poisons have little effect
since any damage done by poison is quickly regenerated. The most an
Immortal will feel from poison is a slight discomfort.

Infertility - A hindrance to the quickening causes an Immortal to be
infertile, i.e. unable to reproduce and have children.

Mind Protection - An Immortal's mind, spirit, and body are tightly held
by his Quickening. Although mind effects may affect the Immortal, his
mind cannot be pulled from his body, nor may his spirit be removed
without his head being removed first.

Regeneration - An Immortal will begin to regenerate Immediately after
being wounded. Each round, an Immortal will recover 1 hit point for
every two levels until fully healed (GMs may adjust the regeneration
rate to suit his needs). Immortals reduced to zero or fewer hit points
fall to the ground, incapacitated but not slain. An incapacitated
Immortal continues to regenerate and can get up once he gets positive
hit points. After "waking-up" from "death", some Immortals feels some
pain and discomfort. This manifests itself as a -1 penalty to Strength,
Dexterity, and Constitution for every fighter level under 10. Immortals
that are a 10th level fighter or more do not suffer such effects.
    For example, Rath is a 7th level fighter who is killed and wakes up
as an Immortal. He will regenerate 2 hp per round. If he is ever struck
down and then "wakes up", he suffers a -3 to Strength, Dexterity, and
Constitution. Its lucky that Rath was a 7th fighter when he became an
Immortal or he'd be really hard off.
     If an limb or body part is severed (with the exception of the
head), it will not reattach themselves like they do on other
regenerative creatures. A new body part will eventually grow as part of
the regenerative process. It takes one hour to regenerate one cubic
inch of lost body parts.
     Fire and acid damage can be regenerated like all other forms of
damage.
     The exception to the regenerative powers is wounds to the neck and
head. Wounds to the neck and head wounds are semi-permanent. They heal
as a mortal's wounds would head but the wounds scar as a mortal's
wounds.
     An Immortal does not suffer brain damage. Damage to the senses
(sight, hearing, etc.) is up to the GM, but it suggested that no
permanent harm can come to the sensory organs.

Shared Soul - Two Immortals may become as one by combining souls. This
allows the Immortals to communicate with one another; even if one has
been killed. There is no real great benefit save for the eternal
brotherhood created.

Speed of the Stag - An Immortal may increase his actions in a turn. An
Immortal gets one extra attack per turn.
     Also, an Immortal gets the Running non-weapon proficiency free.

Magic Resistance - An Immortal has 3% magic resistance for every level
since becoming Immortal.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                           THE IMMORTAL CODE


     The Immortals have a code of contact. These rules are traditions
with a basis in common sense. These rules are each based around
Quickening, and the gaining and losing thereof. The Immortal Code is
followed by all Immortals; even the most sinister. In is unknown what
will happen if the code is violated for no Immortal has dared to
violate them. It is just the way.

Rule of Engagement - An Immortal must issue his challenge personally,
he can not use others to fight in his stead. Furthermore, An Immortal
may not send in followers to "soften up" an opponent.
     Most importantly, Immortals always fight one on one. Why is this?
A pair of Immortals, with their centuries of experience, could work
quite effectively together to whittle down the "surplus population", as
it were. So why do they not team up?
     The answer to this riddle comes from the way Immortals fight. When
they battle, the Quickening begins to flow between them, mingling and
flowing around them. When one of them defeats the other, the Quickening
flows into the nearest receptacle: because of the mixing, and the
natural tendency of an Immortal's Quickening to return to him, his
Quickening and that of his opponent flow into him.
     If two Immortals battle an enemy, only one of them (most likely
the one who actually removed the head) will receive the Quickening from
the battle. Not only will they receive their own Quickening, and that
of the loser, but also a fraction of their ally's. This stealing of an
ally's knowledge and power is not a pleasant thing for the ally, to say
the least, and is therefore something that no Immortal desires. Hence,
the rule "always fight one on one" has developed. Its mono el mono.

Rule of Combat - An Immortal may only use an edged weapon or no weapons
(i.e. hand-to-hand combat) in combat with another Immortal. Offensive
magic (i.e. magic that is used as a direct attack like Fireball) is
forbidden in combat with the exception of a magical weapon that might
be possessed. An Immortal cannot wield magic with the intention of
crippling the opponent and then taking the helpless Immortal's head.

Holy Ground - An Immortal may not fight on holy ground. Nor will an
Immortal disrespect holy ground in anyway. Holy ground is any place
dedicated to any deity (neutral, evil, or good) or any religion. Even
holy ground of a now dead religion is still a sacred place.
     An Immortal may not stay on holy ground to avoid a fight once the
formal challenge is made. Some Immortals seek sanctuary on holy ground
for a time to get away from it all, but spending eternity hiding out is
not the way of the Immortals.
     If two Immortals do battle on holy ground, the site itself is
always assumed to be the victor. When the victor takes the loser's
head, the loser's Quickening flows into the site, as does a portion of
the victor's as well. This loss of power and knowledge is sufficient to
dissuade even the most vicious of enemies from attacking on holy
ground.
     However, an Immortal's head has never been taken on holy ground.
When an Immortal has engaged in combat and tries to take a head,
supernatural forces have prevented this act. It is recommended that a
GM follows this path and does not allow holy ground to be violated.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                        THE DEATH OF AN IMMORTAL


     Immortals cannot die from any conventional injury: they will
always recover, no matter how severe the damage. An Immortal can only
be killed with the separation of his head from his body.
     When two Immortals fight, their Quickening is mingled into an
electrical light show around them, in direct proportion to the power of
the two. When one wins the battle (by removing the other's head), he
absorbs the Quickening of the loser, gaining the loser's power and
knowledge.
      When an Immortal emerges victorious, slaying another, he absorbs
only a fraction of the energy flowing around them. The excess energy
from the battle discharges into the environment, causing glass to
shatter, electrical devices to explode, and in general making a mess.
     Note that mortals that view the transfer of the Quickening must
make saving throw vs. spell or flee for 1d10 rounds in terror.
     In game terms, the Immortal gains 10 percentage of the other
Immortals experience points. For example, if an Immortal kills another
that has experience points of 50,000 Fighter and 25,000 Thief then the
victorious Immortal gains 5,000 Fighter and 2,500 Thief experience
points. Rather than this high-point system, GMs may opt to use hit
dice/levels with the Immortal powers added in to calculate experience.
     As part of taking of the experience, the Immortal gains 1 or 2
(GM's judgement) of his victim's non-weapon proficiencies.
     A non-Immortal can kill an Immortal through decapitation, but the
Quickening is lost unless another Immortal is nearby unless the GM uses
the "Killing an Immortal" rule for creation of an Immortal.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                             THE GATHERING


     Immortals have a legend passed among them, that they will
eventually feel a call to battle, and will be forced to fight one
another until only one remains. This one will get "The Prize", some
power that none of them know or understand. Down through the ages,
awaiting the Gathering, Immortals fight, kill one another, and absorb
each other's Quickening.
     Eventually, the GM must decide when the Gathering will occur. At
least 500 years after the creation of the last Immortal should pass to
give that Immortal time to prepare.
     The Gathering may be anywhere but it should be in a large area.
Also, it is suggested that the area be a highly populated metropolis
just to make it exciting.
     A few years before the Gathering, the Immortals will be drawn to
the area where the Gathering will take place. No magic or force of any
kind can prevent an Immortal from reaching the Gathering. Once there,
the Immortals must fight each other to the death until only one is left
alive.
     In the end, there can be only one and he shall get the prize.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                               THE PRIZE


     Only one shall get the prize, and the prize is great indeed: Ruler
of the universe. The Immortal is elevated to godhood status. Since the
concept of Immortals was created for the sole purpose of creating one
ruler of the universe, chances are all gods no longer exist. If GMs
still have existing gods, then the Immortal becomes supreme ruler over
them. Also, a variant prize as discussed "In the Beginning" section may
be used instead.
     Part of the prize is the ability to know the thoughts of all
creatures. This ability is key to being ruler for it gives power
through knowledge.
     GMs should note that it's not really necessary to define the prize
in game terms, since the Immortal who gains it will become in essence a
god. The Highlander movie left it deliberately vague, and in keeping
GMs may not wish to define the prize. Suffice it to say that an evil
Immortal gaining it would pose a danger to all.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                              THE WATCHERS


     The Watchers have spent centuries studying the Immortals,
chronicling their exploits, but not interfering. They keep accurate
records of all new Immortals, who has taken who's head, and (like the
Immortals themselves) wonder as to who will gain the Prize, and what
this Prize is.
     Watchers are mortals, and are chosen for their "normalcies". They
don't stand out in a crowd, they blend. They don't trigger the
Immortal's senses, and are trained to observe. Their only
distinguishing feature is a tattoo on their wrists, a circle with a
holy symbol of their order within. This allows them to easily recognize
one another, and to remind them of their mission.
     In recent years, a rogue branch of the Watchers has formed. This
group, fueled by paranoia, has decided that they cannot wait and hope
that the Immortal who gains the Prize is a good person. They actively
hunt and kill Immortals, removing their heads and allowing their
knowledge and power to be lost to the Ether. In this way, they seek to
stop any Immortal from achieving the power of the Prize. These
"Hunters" view Immortals as the greatest danger ever to face mankind.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                        THE ROLE OF AN IMMORTAL


     What makes running an Immortal interesting is their humanity.
Unlike other creatures who are immortal like undead, Immortals are
still the same in mind and soul.
      Immortals deal with their "affliction" in different ways. Some
Immortals just try their best to live a normal life, and enjoy living
amongst the mortals. It is tough to deal with the pain of losing
friends and lovers, but most cope with it. Other Immortals enjoy their
life and love to take advantage of mortals at every opportunity. No
matter how an Immortal fits into society, he will always be reminded of
what he is.
     It should be noted that becoming an Immortal may have unusual
effects on a character, depending on personality. A character who has
difficulty relating to people may find it even harder to make friends
after becoming an Immortal. A devoted cleric or paladin who dies and
becomes an Immortal in service to a god might become more religious, or
less religious. As long as the Immortal's personality is based upon the
personality before death and deals with the "change of state", the
character should not be penalized.
     What will change after becoming an Immortal is the character's
attitude. No longer is wealth and power important (as it is to most
characters). There is a greater purpose for existing and this purpose
is always a part of an Immortal. Whenever an Immortal might forgot who
he is, he finds that he is often reminded though the visit of another
Immortal, the death of a close person, the actions of those that know.
Dealing with being an Immortal is the biggest role of an Immortal and
this is what the role-playing experience should be about, not a
munchkining Monty-Haul hype trip.
     There are a few things that a player might consider. An Immortal
should be moderately wealthy but not anything extreme that would draw
attention. Wealth is a comfort but not a driving force or way of life.
Edged weapons are the means of decapitation so an Immortal should
eventually learn the Broad Group for Blades and specialize in the ones
he prefers (these weapon proficiency rules are in The Complete
Fighter's Handbook). An Immortal tends to be skilled at non-weapon
combat and the player should spend weapon proficiencies on various
styles preferably those in the Oriental Adventures handbook (a great
source for martial arts). The martial arts rules presented are much
better than any other 2nd edition rule on non-weapon combat.
     Sure a simple called shot to the neck can finish an Immortal, but
players and GMs alike should grasp the true feel of the Immortals.
Often in the duels fought in Highlander, the two fight until one loses
his weapon and is driven to the ground, agmitting defeat. It is rarely
a lucky shot that chops off the head, but more often a defeat of the
spirit. One of the failings in most RPG systems is that the combat
system lacks the detail that the Highlander movie shows in the duels
for Quickening (of course it's implied in most RPG combat that a lot of
thrusting, parrying, and summing up of an opponent happens in a round).
Hence, the GM and player is encouraged to embellish the combat greatly.
Combat between two Immortals will often be only a few dice rolls, but
the importance of the combat deserves as much attention as possible.
Remember that the character is fighting to increase his power, in a
battle where he has a decent chance of dying. The character is fighting
for his knowledge and power, pitting it against another to the death.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                    ANTI MUNCHKIN/MONTY-HAUL TACTICS


     GMs should be aware that a Highlander campaign offers a lot of
opportunity for munchkinism and monty-haulism. After all, an Immortal
character is a powerful one, and power attracts "Munchkins" and "Monty
Haul" players.
     It is fine to allow an Immortal to gather enough wealth to live a
decent life. But don't let it get out of control. How can a GM stop an
Immortal from becoming extremely wealthy? Well, hopefully the player
will get in character and realize all the problems wealth will cause.
First, the most wealthy people draw attention and an Immortal doesn't
need attention. People will start to notice that the Immortal doesn't
age or die. Also, other Immortals will take notice and come after him
more often. And there are always the same problems mortals have with
wealth. An Immortal should be content with having enough wealth to live
a good "normal" life.
     A GM should consider the pre-Immortal period. Before a player
jumps into an Immortal character, he should have to develop the
character in a series of potential Immortal adventures. This allows the
character to develop as a character should. A developed character
improves role-playing and not munchkinism.
     A GM can then move on to the awareness phase when another Immortal
seeks the character out and teaches him about the Immortals. This
provides more blueprints for role-playing rather than hack-n-slash
adventures. All of this pre-Immortal stuff should weed out the
munchkins quickly enough.
     Eventually, the character will be an Immortal and this is when the
power might be to much for the player. This is when the GM can get
control by bringing in some tough NPC Immortals. However, the GM
shouldn't go crazy introducing NPC Immortals. Having a NPC Immortal
annoy the PC Immortal once in awhile is alright, but the GM should
avoid the Highlander's television show's "Immortal of the Week"
syndrome.
     GMs should always remember that evil Immortals will stop at
nothing else to gain Quickening: friends and loved ones are often
pulled in as pawns in the battles, as are helpless innocents who have
nothing to do with the Gathering... no one is truly safe. An Immortal
PC can lose more than his head.
     One of the best controls a GM has over a player is the
distribution of experience points. Experience should not be awarded
when Immortality is used as a safety net. For example, "Oh, well, it
doesn't matter what I do, I'll just come back to life in a little
while." Heroically holding off the hobgoblin tribe as they cross a
bridge, or "distracting" an angry red dragon should be awarded
experience, since the character is still risking death (by
decapitation). Immortality should be a privilege not a right.
     Other Immortals are not the only problem of an Immortal. Many
mortals are superstitious and seeing an Immortal come back from the
dead can cause a lot of problems.
     On the other hand, Immortals are not super heroes, just
human(oid)s who live a long time and have natural regeneration. After
all, trolls regenerate and undead are immortal to some extent. If
anything, an Immortal would seem like some freak half-breed. There is
always a non-Immortal somebody or something that can destroy an
Immortal.
     What if some mortals become organized to rid the world of
Immortals (see THE WATCHERS). Covert organizations could monitor and
even slay Immortals that they thought were not acting in humanity's
best interest. Any of these groups would hold a grudge against
Immortals, and might even attempt to decapitate the Immortal.
      Other beings would have unusual relationships with Immortals.
Ghouls and vampires would love to capture them, since an Immortal is an
unlimited food supply. Liches would view Immortal mages as potential
adversaries (immortal without a phylactery, physically almost as
powerful, and able to harness mortal allies). Elves who don't know the
Immortal would view him with suspicion: what did this person do to live
forever, and who has paid the price for their longevity? Of course,
elves who become friends with Immortals will have close
relationships -- as the centuries pass. Druids could have either a
positive or negative view of Immortals (either as something that
doesn't die, like and undead, or the counterbalance of all those who
died at birth).
     Of course, there are always wizards, priests, and other people who
would love to study and experiment on an Immortal. After all, an
Immortals can do things without magic. Who wouldn't want to harness
such great power?
     There are also a lot of things worse then death: being buried
alive, spending a life-sentence in jail, and always watching your head.
     Remember, Immortals are closer to normal than not. Immortals still
have to make ability checks and proficiency checks to do unusual
things.
     In then end, there is always the GM.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Major work on the guide was provided by: Brent The Phantom, Joe
Delisle, Ronald "Greymoon" Jones, Hank. Some information was provided
from discussions from: Badger, Mandragore the Wizard, Bruce, Grabbit
Wileucan.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                                PROLOGUE


A Treatise on Immortality by Stephen Bonet presented to the Wizard's
Tribunal in the Common Year 585.

Greetings Fellow Mages!

As always, it is with great honor and privilege that I address you at
this Tribunal. My sodalis and I have come across a most curious breed
of man, and I would like to present our studies of this man for you to
enjoy:

His name is Guillaume, and he was born in the common year 2 to a farmer
and wife outside the Gnarley Forest. All of this information about him
has come from our explorations of his mind and body, for despite his
incredible powers he is but a man, albeit a very special kind of man.

Through his mind, we saw his death and rebirth: unlike the mummies of
the undead, however, he does not travel to a spirit realm and beg to
return, but rather his internal power somehow regenerates his form, no
matter how damaged it has become. This natural healing is rapid,
causing him to return from the most grievous of wounds to his full
health in scant hours.

We tested his mind's visions, and in fact his wounds heal remarkably
quickly. He cannot be drowned, for somehow his lungs draw air from the
water itself. He can be burned and damaged, but he heals so quickly
that the most heinous of wounds are little more than an annoyance to
him.

Through his mind, we likewise learned of others of his kind. A teacher,
who came to him and taught him the Rules, and others, who came to steal
his power for themselves.

Their kind have Rules, built up through centuries of conflict. The only
way to kill them is to remove their head from their shoulders,
separating their head from their heart (the two sources of life, as we
ourselves know). If this is done by another of their kind, the power
within them (which they refer to as their Quickening, or life) flows
into their killer, making him even more powerful. Their legends speak
of the Gathering, a time when all of their kind will battle, until only
one remains. That one, with all of their power as his own, will be like
unto a god.

How do we explain these beings? Quite easily, in fact. In theory, their
power is nothing less than raw energy from the energy planes, somehow
drawn to them from reality itself. As all living things have some faint
spark of positive or negative in them, these beings have a raging
flame, which gives them strength and power. This raw power is similar
to that of Avatars, yet in many ways different. Unfortunately, this
power cannot be detected. Not even the best magic can detect the power
so we are at a loss of knowing who has it and who doesn't. We don't
know if we can tap the energy from the subject and we have not yet
endeavored to remove his head ourselves, until we are certain we have
learned all we can from him.

Another Rule of their kind deals with Holy Ground, and the fact that
they cannot fight there. According to Guillaume, he can sense this
ground, much as he senses others of his kind when they draw near.
Through studying him and his memories, we have gained some information
as to this sensation. These connections to the Outer Planes are off
limits to them? Why is that? The answer lies in understanding their
battles.

When two of their kind fight, the energy within them begins to flow,
empowering them and their weapons, and literally filling the air around
them. When one loses, the winner draws his own energy back into
himself, as well as some of that belonging to his opponent... the rest,
with nowhere to go, wreaks havoc on the environment around them. This
energy he absorbs from his opponent carries with it a shadow of the
man's knowledge, indeed his very life... and in some cases, can
overshadow the life of the victor.

On a holy site, the energy from the loser flows not into the victor,
but into the Node itself. In this way, the victor not only gains
nothing, but in fact loses that energy of his which had mingled with
that of his opponent... a very pragmatic reason for the Rule they
follow.

There are many things about these beings still to be learned. They seem
as closely tied to energy as we ourselves, but at the same time seem to
be able to contain and harness this "Quickening" of theirs in other
ways. In some ways, they seem a living node to the energy planes: a
constant amount of Quickening within them, unused by their healing and
powers, and always the capacity for more. We will experiment more with
this subject, including channeling energy into him, to further explore
our theories.

Thank you for your patience, and good night.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
