IMPALER RCC
A special RCC by DaBeechMan
Original idea by BadgerBorg

The Impalers are a fierce race of dinosaur-like creatures believed to have evolved from the 
familiar dinosaurs of prehistoric Earth.  When the ley lines started to fade, they migrated 
from Earth to an unknown dimension.  That dimension was destroyed by several careless 
Fire Dragons, but a few, maybe 100, survived and escaped to their ancestral home, Rifts 
Earth.

IMPALER RCC

ALIGNMENT:Any, but usually anarchist. They mistrust Rifts Earth and all who live there, 
but it’s not like they have any choice but to stay there, so they put up with it all with the 
notable exception of Fire Dragons.  Ooooooh, do they hate Fire Dragons!

REQUIREMENTS:PS 16, PE 16

ATTRIBUTES:IQ 3d6, MA 2d6, ME 2d6, PS 5d6 supernatural, PP 4d6 - 3 (because of 
the creature’s large size) PB 2d6 (hey, if you saw a gigantis T-0Rex outside your door, I 
doubt you’d find it too pretty.) Spd 4d6 but carries enough momentum that if it runs for 
more than 3 melees nonstop it can go up to 5d6. Both scores are rolled during character 
generation but can be changed by the usual means.

HORROR:OK, this is an interesting case. The character saves vs HF 14. If it passes, 
nothing happens. If it fails, save again. If this save also fails, all horror factor effects kick 
in. Otherwise, treat it as Awe Factor, but the character can return to fight in as soon as 2 
melees.

APPEARANCE:This guy looks like a tyrannosaur with a few exceptions. These are:
1) a collapsible ball of spikes on the end of its tail (1d6 x 100 SDC or 1d6 MD per attack, 
but counts as 3 attacks.
2) bull horns on its head (1d4 MD normal, 4d6 MD running but character loses all 
remaining attacks.)
3) a horn on its snout (same damage as bull horns, but add 2 MD to all damage.
4) a more horizontal posture

OTHER POWERS:

-Warlock Spells same as a witch
-Strength is supernatural
-Sonic attack roar (6d6 MD plus deafness with no save, range 500 yards. Counts as all 
attacks)
-Can alter its height from the size of a cat to the size of a dragon (normally about human-
sized.) Cannot use any other special abilities while resized. Damage done by Impaler is 
halved when sixe decreases, multiplied by 1.5 at max height. Cannot do damage at 
minimum size.
500 MDC

LIMITATIONS:
-Immeditaely goes into a frenzy (like that of a Crazy) whenever it sees a Fire Dragon.
-Automatically has the Insanity of Paranoia
-Cold-Blooded (I don’t care about the new theories on dinosaurs, this thing is cold-
blooded!) This means that it dies within 40 melees if placed into an environment greater 
than 110 degrees or less than 40 degrees. If either linit is exceeeded by more then 20 
degrees, dies within 20 melees. 30 degrees, 10 melees. Get the picture?  NOTE that 
because of this, Fire Dragon and Ice Dragon breath do triple damage!
-Cannot get psionics (EXCEPTION:All Impalers can communicate telepathically with other 
Impalers within 50 miles. Note that an Impaler rarely if ever gets to put this power to use.)
-Daylight is painful (-2 to attack in daylight, -5 in anything brighter, -10 in Globe of 
Daylight spell or anything like it.)

ENHANCEMENTS:On a dinosaur (or any cold-blooded eptile)? Yeah, right!

FRIENDS:None, except will cooperate with anything that is the enemy of a Fire Dragon.

ENEMIES:Come on, do I have to tell you? FIRE DRAGONS!

GEAR:Most tyrannosarus do not startwith or care about gear. Besides, they can’t use any 
of it except for food (can’t hold weapons, IRMSS and the like don’t work  on cold-blooded 
creatures, too heavy for vehicles, too big for armor, but why would a tyrannosaur care?)

MONEY:None and could care less about (they don’t really understand the principle of it 
either. They do love “sparkly things” though, meaning anything shiny. Who cares if they 
don’t do anything with it?)

SKILLS:Very few. Remember that these guys are dinosaurs. The only RCC Skill is 
Hunting (+20%) and only gets 4 other skills. GMs, feel free to disallow any skill that a 
dinosaur, even an intelligent one, might not be able to use.

Us ethe Dragon XP Table

An RCC for RIFTS by DaBeechMan (original idea by BadgerBorg)
Email me with any questions (complaints, insults, suggestions, TeamBlade melds, you get 
the picture.)  See ya!