

     This file contains all, or at least most, of the information necessary to
make a character for the Chaos 'n Anarchy campaign.  It deals with rule changes
and clarifications, and what I expect from a character and a player.  There is
a companion file called ART1.CNA which deals with the world itself in the form 
of a news article by Deiter Leiter.  Everything in the Chaos 'n Anarchy world
is the same as it is in ours until January 1, 1990, when the worlds diverge.

     First of all, this is a game for people who have a genuine desire to role-
play their characters (a desire that's not all that uncommon for messagae game
players).  CNA is an attempt to create a realistic superhero campaign.  Dealing
with the question 'how would the world react to a sudden appearance of meta-
humans?'  To adequately simulate this CNA will deal with some 'mature' and 
'sensitive' topics (this is just a word of caution, if you feel something like 
this might offend you perhaps you should look for another game).  Chaos 'n
Anarchy is not primarily a group game, most of your actions will be solo
actions.  To handle both this aspect and the 'mature' aspect most turns will be
posted via private message at a rate of 1 turn/ week (roughly).  Every so often
I'll upload a new article from Deiter Leiter to keep you posted on what the 
other players are doing.

     Now, on to the mechanics.  Basically you will need to design a 'normal'
version of your character (a maximum of 100pts + 40 for disads and 5 for 
quirks).  This will have to contain a history and description of your 
character (you don't have to get too detailed on this, but include whatever
you think is necessary-- better to have too much than too little).  Then 
design the character after 'the change' (500pts. + 100 for disads and 5 for
quirks).  What exactly 'the change' is, you don't know.  All I can tell you at
the present time is that it's when you get your powers.  You have your choice
of powers (the character does that is), it's not random, so design them
however you want.  Make sure to include a new description (physical) for this
meta version of your character.  [Note: it's quite possible that the change 
could cause new disadvantages for you.  Mental, physical, social, and, of
course, Super.]

     Now for some rule changes/clarifications.
     We will be using the GURPs basic combat system to keep things simple.
     As I've said before, in your meta version, you'll take your original
character and simply add to him until you have 500pts. + your disads and 
quirks.
     All metas have a -2 Status disadvantage worth 10 pts. due to the
negative reaction the early metas have caused.
     The unusual background cost for having meta abilities is 100pts.  
     The unusual background Trained By a Master (40pts.) is legal, but you'll
have to talk to me personally before you buy it.
     Also dealing with marital arts, I think GURPs makes them a little too
weak so here are some changes:  if you were trained by a master (see above) you
will add 1pt/3pts you have, in your combat skill, to your damage.  Ex. Karate
on 21- would add 7 pts to your damage.  If you just have normal karate you'll
add 1pt/4pts you have to your damage.  Finally, if you have brawling you can
add 1pt/8pts you have, in brawling, to your damage.  Of course, all of these
bonuses round down.
     Magic will be done as all other powers are done in GURPs Supers, you buy a
specific power level (at 20pts/level) and whatever super-skills you wish.
     The Costume super advantage does not exist (unless the GM permits it, 
which will be rare).
     If you want to have super gadgets, or be a super gadgeteer you'll have to
talk to me personally before you make your character.  No player will start
the game with super gadgets of any kind.
     Every character must have a hero motivation.  If you can't come up with
one leave some disadvantage points free and I'll give you one after 'the 
change'.
     For a city of origin choose one of the ones mentioned in ART1.CNA (New
York, Los Angeles, Dallas, or Chicago).


     Remember, acceptance into CNA is based on the character you submit.  I'm
looking for about 4 players, but would like to have a waiting list of people
ready to jump in.  Also, so as not to waste your time, you can submit a 
character idea to me, complete with background and a description, then I'll let
you know whether to continue or not.  Of course, if you want to submit a 
completed character to me feel free to do so.

     Thank you for your time.
                                , Jon (72010,202)






Press <CR> !