-----------------------------------------------------------------------

                         APPENDIX A: AD&D DRUGS

                    FOR ADVANCED DUNGEONS & DRAGONS

                                   BY

                             DESMOND REID

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

                           *** DISCLAIMER ***

     All contents of this guide are presented for game purposes only.
In no way is this guide intended to persuade people to take drugs of
any kind. The author of the guide does not condone the illegal use of
drugs. Hopefully, information presented in this appendix will educated
on the dangers of drugs. In fact, the misuse of drugs in a fantasy
setting will hopefully educate on the real-world dangers of drug abuse
and drug addiction. Just say no. In no way will the author of this
appendix or the contributors of this appendix be held responsible for
other persons' actions.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

                   @ COPYRIGHT 1993 by DESMOND REID

                              NOT FOR SALE

       The following appendix is the property of its author, who
    hereby states that he retains the copyright. You may distribute
    it at will, provided that nothing in the appendix, this notice,
       or any of the credits are altered in any way; and that you
                     do not make a profit from it.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                           TABLE OF CONTENTS


Introduction
Effects of Drugs in AD&D
Recovery from Drug Use
Drug Use and Drug Abuse Equals Drug Addiction
Availability
Scientific Drug Naming System
Psychedelic Warrior: Fighter Kit

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                              INTRODUCTION


     The nervous system in the body has an inhibitory effect when the
body is in a state of extreme emotion. It's part of the human body's
ability to stay in a normal state: "homeostasis". This is what makes
cliff-divers like cliff diving: the nervous system inhibits the
abnormal state of fear, essentially by simulating the reaction opposite
to fear: ecstasy. A classical example of this is a slightly depressed
person who takes stimulant drugs. His nervous system increases his
depression to counteract the abnormal stimulation, so that he needs to
take stimulants even to feel how people normally feel. Now, when he's
off drugs, he will be very depressed.
     This explains some withdrawal symptoms. Under the effect of any
strong drug, the nervous system naturally tries to counter that effect.
When the drug wears off, the "downer" that is experienced occurs
because the nervous system is still producing that opposite emotion. If
a human uses drugs too much, then his/her nervous system gets into the
habit of countering that drug's effect, so he/she starts to need to
take the drug all the time to avoid the awful downers. Eventually, drug
addicts need more and more of their drug of choice in order to have the
effect they had the first time they tried it.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                        EFFECTS OF DRUGS IN AD&D


     Although some drugs are very useful and safe, this appendix deals
with those drugs that are dangerous and usually addictive. A thin line
exists on which drug that is helpful and safe can become a drug that is
dangerous and addictive. Typically, this line is cause to the dosage or
amount of the drug that is taken. Also, prolonged use of a drug could
cause it to enter the danger zone. It is left to the DM's discretion to
make a decision on whether a drug could become dangerous and enter the
ranks below. Of course, the DM no doubt has a notebook full of drugs
discussed as fungi, sap, plants, and minerals that are nothing more
than dangerous drugs.
     There are nine classifications for stimulants and nine for
depressants of dangerous drugs based on potency and level. In theory
there can be an infinite amount of drugs all being different but for
play ability there are nine classifications in the drug categories of
stimulants and depressants.
     DMs are free to make any variations they wish to individualize a
particular drug. In fact, all classifications presented here which
total 18 are merely foundations. The DM still must develop a drug to
its full potential.

 - A drug should have a specific purpose or outcome. For example, one
moderate level 1 drug's specific purpose is to cause hallucinations
which are seen when the drug is used. These hallucinations are in
addition to all effects presented for a moderate level one drug.

- A drug needs to have a benefit or benefits that are real or
perceived. People usually have some desired effect in mind when they
start taking drugs and this should be specified. Usually benefits have
something to do with the specific purpose or outcome.


     After consuming a serving of a drug, a character must make a
constitution check with the following penalties given on Table A.


TABLE A: Constitution Check Penalties

Potency    Level   Abbreviation   Penalty
Mild         1     Mild1            -1 after the first serving
Mild         2     Mild2            -2
Mild         3     Mild3            -3
Moderate     1     Mode1            -4
Moderate     2     Mode2            -5
Moderate     3     Mode3            -6
Strong       1     Strg1            -7
Strong       2     Stgr2            -8
Strong       3     Stgr3            -9


    The penalties accumulate with each check for each serving. For
example, after Rath eats his second "fun-fungi" mushroom which is a
Mild drug of level 3, he makes his Constitution check at -6.
Eventually, a character will fail a Constitution check if he/she
continually takes the drug.
     Drugs come in two forms, stimulants and depressants and effect a
character differently. A stimulant is an agent temporarily excites or
accelerates the function of the body or one of its systems or parts. A
depressant is an agent that temporarily slows vital body processes.
     When a character fails a Constitution check, he/she is physically
and mentally effected depending on the potency and level of the drug.
Table B lists the effects to a character when a stimulant is used.
Table C lists the effects to a character when a depressant is used.


TABLE B: Effects from a Stimulant

Effect on        Mild1 Mild2 Mild3 Mode1 Mode2 Mode3 Strg1 Stgr2 Stgr3
Morale            +1    +2    +3    +5    +6    +7    +10   +11   +12
Strength          +1    +2    +3    +6    +7    +8    +12   +13   +14
Intelligence      +1    +2    +3    +5    +6    +7    +10   +11   +12
Wisdom            +1    +2    +3    +5    +6    +7    +10   +11   +12
Dexterity         +1    +2    +3    +5    +6    +7    +10   +11   +12
Charisma           0    +1    +2    +4    +5    +6    +9    +10   +11
Attack Dice        0     0    +1    +3    +4    +5    +8    +9    +10
Hit Points         0     0    +1    +3    +4    +5    +8    +9    +10
% of Spell Fail   20    30    40    60    70    80   100   100    100


TABLE C: Effects from a Depressant

Effect on        Mild1 Mild2 Mild3 Mode1 Mode2 Mode3 Strg1 Stgr2 Stgr3
Morale            -1    -2    -3    -5    -6    -7    -10   -11   -12
Strength          -1    -2    -3    -6    -7    -8    -12   -13   -14
Intelligence      -1    -2    -3    -5    -6    -7    -10   -11   -12
Wisdom            -1    -2    -3    -5    -6    -7    -10   -11   -12
Dexterity          0    -1    -2    -4    -5    -6    -9    -10   -11
Charisma           0    -1    -2    -4    -5    -6    -9    -10   -11
Attack Dice        0     0    -1    -3    -4    -5    -8    -9    -10
Hit Points         0     0    -1    -3    -4    -5    -8    -9    -10
% of Spell Fail   20    30    40    60    70    80   100   100    100


NOTES ON DRUG TABLES

Any abilities that reach 0 remain there and cannot drop below 0.
Any abilities that reach 18 remain there and cannot go above 18.

Morale pertains only to non-player characters.

Intelligence, Wisdom, Dexterity, and Charisma indicate the number of
points the various characteristics are lowered temporarily due to the
drug. Remember to check the PHB to see the effects of attribute lose.

Attack dice refers to adjustments to THAC0 and saving throws. An
opponents saving throws vs. magical attacks made by an drugged
character is raised by the same number.

Hit points are increased due to the effects of the drug on the
drugged person. He/she can physically withstand more punishment.
OPTIONAL RULE: Make the hit point adjustments a percentage of total hit
points rather than a few hit points. For example +1 would become 10%,
+2 would become 20%, and +3 would become 30%.

% of Spell Failure refers to the chance that a spell that is cast will
fail. A mage or cleric has difficulty with somatic and verbal
components due to his/her condition.


THE HIGH

     Being drugged is dangerous although some may argue otherwise. For
every failed Constitution drug check, the player rolls on Table D to
get additional effects. All effects are cumulative (i.e. after two
failed checks the character will receive to drug effects from Table D).
Effects last for the duration of the "high". High is the drugged state
of intoxication and euphoria.


TABLE D: Drug Effects (1d20)

01  Aura Hallucination
02  Blindness
03  Blurry Vision
04  Courage
05  Deafness
06  Fumble
07  Friendship
08  Happiness
09  Hate
10  Hopelessness
11  Hypnotic Hallucination
12  Magical Ability
13  Monster Hallucination
14  Psionic Wild Talent
15  Scare
16  Self Hallucination
17  Sound Sensitivity
18  Total Confusion
19+ REROLL


AURA HALLUCINATION: The character hallucinates and sees colorful auras
around living beings.  Actually, the auras are hallucinations but the
character may believe the auras to be life forces, infravision,
ultravision, magic fields, alignment fields, etc.

BLINDNESS: The character is temporarily blinded.

BLURRY VISION: The character's vision becomes very blurred. The
distortion causes a -4 penalty on a first attempt and a -2 on all
successive attacks of missile and melee combat.

COURAGE: The character becomes berserk, fighting with a +1 bonus to the
attack dice, causing +3 points of damage, and temporarily gaining 5 hit
points. The character fights without shield, and regardless of life,
never checking morale.

DEAFNESS: The character becomes temporarily deaf.

FRIENDSHIP: The character reacts more positively (e.g., tolerance
becomes goodwill).

FUMBLE: The character becomes very clumsy and awkward. He/she falls and
trips over everything, drops everything, and always moves in random
directions when attempting to move in a specific direction.

HAPPINESS: The character becomes very joyful and gets a feeling of
complacent well-being, adding +4 to all reaction rolls and making
attack unlikely unless he/she is subject to extreme provocation.

HATE: The character reacts more negatively (e.g., tolerance becomes
negative neutrality).

HOPELESSNESS: The character submits to demands of anybody otherwise the
character is 25% likely to do absolutely nothing in a round.

MAGICAL ABILITY: The character believes he/she has the ability to cast
spells as a mage and a priest. Of course the character has no such
ability, but the character does "cast" spells and does believe they
work as intended.

HYPNOTIC HALLUCINATION: The character hallucinates and sees a weaving,
twisting pattern of subtle colors in the air. This pattern causes the
character to become fascinated and he/she gazes at the display as if
hypnotized.

MONSTER HALLUCINATION: The character hallucinates and sees a monster.
Level 1 drugs cause the character to see nothing as the monster. Level
2 drugs cause the character to see an inanimate object as the monster.
Level 3 drugs cause the character to see another person/creature as the
monster. Roll on any encounter table no matter how bizarre to see what
monster appears. Roll 1d10 on the following to see how the character
reacts:

     01-10   Cower and whimper
     11-15   Stare in bewilderment
     16-18   Flee shrieking in a random direction
     19-20   Try to kill the "monster"

PSIONIC WILD TALENT: The character gains a wild talent that immediately
goes into affect. Roll on Table 12 in The Complete Psionics Handbook,
"Wild Devotions" to determine exactly what the power is.

SCARE: The character becomes extremely scare of everything. The
character falls into a fits of trembling and shaking. He/she has a -2
reaction adjustment and will drop held items. If corned to fight,
he/she fights with a -1 penalties to attack and damage rolls as well as
saving throws.

SELF HALLUCINATION: The character hallucinates that he/she is something
else.  Level 1 drugs cause the character to believe he/she is a plant.
Level 2 drugs cause the character to believe he/she is an inanimate
object. Level 3 drugs cause the character to believe he/she is another
person/creature/monster.

SOUND SENSITIVITY: The character becomes extremely sensitive to sound.
Sounds are amplified 2 times the level of the drug. Thus a level 2 drug
would cause all sounds heard by the character be amplified by 4 or 4
times as loud.

TOTAL CONFUSION: The character becomes really confused. Roll 1d10 on
the following to see what the character will do:

     1   Wander away (unless prevented)
    2-6  Stand confused one round (roll again)
    7-9  Attack nearest creature one round (roll again)
    10   Act normally for one round (roll again)


DURATION

     The duration of the high and the effects that accompany it are as
followed:

 Potency      Duration
  Level         Time
    1        0-2 hours
    2        1-8  hours
    3        2-24 hours

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                         RECOVERY FROM DRUG USE


     Time is the only cure for recovering from drug use. Recovery time
is based on the Potency level of the drug:

 Potency      Recovery
  Level         Time
    1        0-2 hours
    2        1-8  hours
    3        2-24 hours


     Any ability that was increased by 3 or more during the high
decreased by the same number during the recovery. This is do to the
create strain put on the body and mind during the high.
     As a person recovers, his/her statistics that are affected begin
go back to normal half-way through the recovery time with body strain
exception mentioned previously.
     At the end of the recovery time, abilities return to normal.

     Every hour of recovery, the character must make a successful
saving throw vs. poison. Failing the save cause the character to suffer
the dire consequences of withdrawal.


TABLE E: Withdrawal Effects

01  Comatose
02  Itching
03  Rash
04+ REROLL

COMATOSE: The character falls comatose for the duration of the
recovery.

ITCHING: The character suffers from an intense itch on a large portion
of the body. The character must constantly scratch the irritated area.
Failure cause causes the character to squirm and twist for three rounds
which lessens Armor Class by 4 and attack rolls by 2 during this time.

RASH: A rash develops where the character's skin breaks out in red
welts that itch. the character's charisma lowers by 1 point per hour as
the rash worsens.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


             DRUG USE AND DRUG ABUSE EQUALS DRUG ADDICTION


     A person may enjoy taking a drug, but he/she may unfortunately
become a victim of it. To represent the progression of drug addiction
the character is assigned a drug addiction percentage (DAP). A
character who has never taken a drug before has a DAP of 0.
     Every time a character uses a drug, his/her DAP is increased by 1
if a mild drug, by 2 if a moderate drug, and by 3 if a strong drug.
Thus, Rath who had a DAP of 0 takes a mild drug; his DAP goes to 1.
Then, Rath takes a strong drug,; his DAP goes to 4. Note that it
doesn't really matter if a character takes many different drugs or just
one type of drug. They all will eventually lead to addiction. Yet
another danger of drugs. This doesn't necessarily mean that the
character is addicted to all drugs of a certain potency (although they
may be substituted at times). Typically, one drug got the character
addicted and this will be the drug he will continue to use to further
his addiction.

* If a character's DAP reaches 100, he overdoses and dies. flat-line. *

     Every time a character's DAP score increases, he/she must roll
percentile dice. Rolling the DAP or under indicates that the character
is addicted to drugs.
     How often an addicted person must have a drug is dependent on the
potency of the drugs that led to the addiction. If the majority of
drugs taken were strong in potency, then the character must take a
strong drug at least every day. If the majority of drugs taken were
moderate in potency, then the character must take a moderate drug at
least every two days. If the majority of drugs taken were mild in
potency, then the character must take a mild drug at least every three
days.
     Failure to meet this drug dependency results in physical and/or
mental consequences. For every day beyond the required day to take the
drug, a character must make a successful save vs. poison with a -1
penalty for every day after the required day. Failure results in
dangerous physical and/or mental problems to the character. Roll on
Table F to get the permanent damage done to the character.


TABLE F: Permanent Damage (1d8)

01  Ability Loss
02  Alignment Change
03  Blindness
04  Deafness
05  Disease
06  Insanity
07+ REROLL


ABILITY LOSS: The character takes a lose of 1 in an ability score. Roll
1d20 on the following:

    1-3   Constitution
    4-5   Strength
    6-7   Dexterity
    8-9   Intelligence
   10-11  Wisdom
   12-13  Charisma
   14-16  The highest ability score.
   17-19  The main ability of the character's class.
    20    The ability chosen by DM.

ALIGNMENT CHANGE: The character's becomes the complete opposite.
Lawful becomes Chaotic. Chaotic becomes Lawful. Neutral becomes Lawful
or Chaotic. Good becomes Evil. Evil becomes Good. Neutral becomes Good
or Evil.

BLINDNESS: The character loses all sight.

DEAFNESS: The character loses all hearing.

DISEASE: The character contracts a disease because his immunity was
lowered.

INSANITY: The character is struck with an insanity. Roll 1d10 on the
following:

     1-7  Roll on Types of Insanity Table on page 83 of the DMG, 1st
          edition.
     8-9  Roll on Insanities Table 1 in the Sexual Insanity section
          of The Complete Guide to AD&D Sex.
      10  The insanity is chosen by the DM.



     A person can reduce his/her or her addiction in a number of ways.
A Neutralize Poison spell lower a character's DAP to 0, but this won't
necessarily keep the character from taking drugs again.
     For every week a person is restrained from taking drugs (i.e.
clinic, forceful friends, etc.), his/her DAP is reduced by 1. Some DMs
may allow the character to make a Wisdom check once a week. Success
indicates that the character has enough willpower to lower his DAP by
1. Unfortunately, the dangers of not receiving the drugs could be just
as harmful as taking the drug.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                              AVAILABILITY


     Some DMs may want to know the availability of a type of drug.
Availability is the likelihood of finding the drug which is given on
the table below. However like monsters, specific drugs may have a
greater likelihood of being found in climate or terrains where the
source is located as well as having a lesser likelihood of being found
where drugs must be imported from great distances.
     DMs should be warned that total dependence on the availability
table could lead to a world filled with drugs. Discretion is advised.


TABLE: Availability

Potency    Level   Availability     % Chance
Mild         1     Common           75
Mild         2     Uncommon         50
Mild         3     Infrequent       40
Moderate     1     Very Infrequent  30
Moderate     2     Sparse           25
Moderate     3     Scarce           12
Strong       1     Rare              8
Strong       2     Very Rare         4
Strong       3     Extremely Rare    1

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                     SCIENTIFIC DRUG NAMING SYSTEM

                                   By

                           Dr. Brent Phantom

                             Dr. Reid Guide



     Presented here is a system for giving a scientific name to a
individual drug. The main purpose of the system is to give a drug a
name that provides information about the drug that saves the DM from
searching through all the drug rules to find out the information.


     After the name of a drug, a series of letters and numbers are
given that contain important information. An example will accompany the
instructions for easier understanding.

EXAMPLE:   Generic SH.O3492

First, the popular or most common name of the drug is given. In the
example, the drug's name is Generic.

The first character in the series is a letter of a S for a stimulant or
a D for depressant since all drugs fall into one of these categories.

The second character, if any, is another letter that is more specific
in the description of the drug's type. H for hallucinogen and N for
narcotic. In the example the second character is an H because the drug
is an hallucinogen.

The next character is a period to separate the descriptive part from
the remainder of the series.

The first character after the period is a letter that gives the potency
of the drug. M for mild, O for Moderate, and S for Strong. In the
example, the drug is moderate in potency.

The second character after the period is a number from 1 to 3 that
gives the level (or strength) of the drug. In the example, the level of
the drug is 3.

The third character after the period is a number from 0 to 9 that is
the estimate of the duration of the high. A 0 indicates that the
duration is less than one hour. A 1 indicates that the duration is
between one and two hours; 2-8 work the same. A 9 indicates that the
duration is 9 hours or more. In the example, the drug's high will last
between 4-5 hours.

The fourth character after the period is a number from 0 to 9 that is
the estimate of the recovery time. A 0 indicates that the time is less
than one hour.  A 1 indicates that the time is between one and two
hours; 2-8 work the same. A 9 indicates that the time is 9 hours or
more. In the example, the drug's high will last beyond 9 hours.

The fourth character after the period is a number from 0 to 9 that
gives the severity if long term use. Although a character would
consider this number a theoretical estimate of severity, a player knows
this number as the increase to DAP when the drug is used. Typically,
this number is 1, 2, or 3 based on the rules presented. However, some
DMs may develop a drug that is more addictive the use and thus would
have a high number. On the same note, A DM may make a drug with a 0
severity and thus no chance of addiction. In any case, any severity
number beyond 9 would be given as a 9 although there shouldn't be a
number greater than 9. In the example, the drug is a moderate drug with
a severity of 2 or a 2% increase to DAP when the drug is used.


     In the example, the drug Generic is a stimulant hallucinogen of
moderate potency level 3. The duration of the high is 3-4 hours.
Recovery time is 9 or more hours. And there is a 2% increase to the
drug addiction percentage when Generic is used.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                    PSYCHEDELIC WARRIOR: FIGHTER KIT


Description: The Psychedelic Warrior is simply a warrior that has a
fascination and addiction for fighting, for psychedelic drugs, and for
the dangerous combination of the two.
     The Psychedelic Warrior has a fascination for exotic experiences
and will try almost anything once as long as it is supposed to be
thrilling. On the same note, the Psychedelic Warrior loves exotic items
and will try to become owner of oddities. The warrior's dwelling is an
interesting place to visit.
     The Psychedelic Warrior uses colorful paints to create strange
designs and runes on his face. Face painting is a requirement if he
plans on engaging in combat.

Role: The Psychedelic Warrior is loved by few. His mystical nature and
bizarre beliefs frighten most people. His warrior skills also frighten
most people and are one reason why few people voice their dislike to
the Psychedelic Warrior.
     Of course, the Psychedelic Warrior seems to find friends wherever
he goes. People, especially the young, are curious and the Psychedelic
Warrior is a curiosity.

Alignment: The Psychedelic Warrior should be chaotic and/or neutral in
alignment, but it isn't a kit requirement.

Weapon Proficiencies: The Psychedelic Warrior must spend at least one
proficiency slot on an exotic or odd weapon like the bolas, boomerang,
net, pole-arm, rapier, etc..

Non-Weapon Proficiencies: Bonus: Artistic Ability, Fungi Identification
Required: Gaming Recommended: Astrology, Dancing, Musical Instrument,
Singing

Equipment: The Psychedelic Warrior can buy any equipment he desires but
keep in mind his love for oddities.

Special Benefits: The Psychedelic Warrior gets a +5% to any checks made
for finding psionic wild talents.
     To the Psychedelic Warrior the following is a benefit, to most a
hindrance. When the Psychedelic Warrior enters a stressful situation
like combat, he has a percent chance equal to his DAP of going into a
unnatural psychedelic trip. The trip's effects have different
manifestations upon the character and last for differing durations as
shown on the table below. Roll 1d20 on the following table to get the
effect.

Roll    Effect Name
  1     Brain Rush
  2     Comatose
  3     Hallucination
  4     Interplanar Contact
  5     Irresistible Song and Dance
  6     Major Craving
  7     Minor Craving
  8     Paranoia
  9     Psionic Wild Talent
 10     Silent Lucidity


BRAIN RUSH: The character gains an additional 1d4 points of
intelligence for 1d4+8 hours.

HALLUCINATION: As the name implies, the character sees a hallucination.
The character sees a weaving, twisting pattern of subtle colors in the
air. Through the bizarre patterns, the character sees a monster. Roll
on any encounter table no matter how bizarre to see what monster
appears. The monster attacks the character as if real. Although the
monster is an illusion, all damage to the character caused by the
monster is real. The hallucination is over in 1d10 turns or when the
creature is "killed" in the combat with the character.

COMATOSE: The character goes completely comatose and is not revivable
by less than a Limited Wish or equivalent, not even healing spells will
help. The character is comatose for 4d6 hours.

INTERPLANAR CONTACT: The character actually has a dual consciousness.
The consciousness the character contacts is with a creature on another
plane determined at random. Roll 1d10 on the following:

   1-6  Prime Material Plane.
     7  Astral Plane.
     8  Ethereal Plane.
     9  Elemental Plane. Roll 1d12.
             1-2  Air                  9  Ice
             3-4  Earth               10  Dust
             5-6  Fire                11  Heat
             7-8  Water               12  Vapor
    10  Outer Plane. Roll 1d20.
               1  Seven Heavens       10  Twin Paradises
               2  Elysium             11  Happy Hunting Grounds
               3  Olympus             12  Gladsheim
               4  Limbo               13  Pandemonium
               5  Abyss               14  Tarterus
               6  Hades               15  Gehenna
               7  Nine Hells          16  Acheron
               8  Nirvana             17  Arcadia
               9  Concordant Opp.   18-20 Roll Again

Roll on a random encounter table for the appropriate plane to get the
creature contacted. The character is aware of his own conscious and his
contacted one at all times. He may "control" the contacted creature if
desired but relinquishes control of his own consciousness when doing
so. Contact lasts 1d6 hours.

IRRESISTIBLE SONG AND DANCE: The character's mind is suddenly filled
with the sounds of hypnotic music. In response, the character slowly
turns in circles while he gives his body up to the rhythm. The effect
lasts 1d4 hours.

MAJOR CRAVING: The character needs a fix and needs it NOW! He will stop
at nothing to get it, and will kill anything or anyone who gets in
his way. This effect lasts until the character gets the fix he so
desperately needs.

MINOR CRAVING: The character gets a craving for the next fix. Only a
serious situation like a battle will keep him from getting the next
"hit". Effect lasts until the next "hit" is taken.

PARANOIA: The character believes every entity in the vicinity to be a
hostile, attacking enemy, and will attack the closest creature to him
or her until "held", unconscious, dead, or otherwise subdued. The
paranoia lasts 1d4 turns.

PSIONIC WILD TALENT: The character gains a wild talent that immediately
goes into affect. Roll on Table 12 in The Complete Psionics Handbook,
"Wild Devotions" to determine exactly what the power is.

SILENT LUCIDITY: The character has complete and total knowledge of the
way the universe works, and is completely at peace with all Creation.
During this time of "reverie", any enemies will be dealt with severe
messages about peace and harmony. The duration is 1d6 turns, unless
attacked (first attack is an automatic hit; thereafter AC 10) then the
duration is another 1d4 rounds.


Special Hindrances: Three consecutive rolls of Comatose means the
character has died due to the long-term effects of drugs on his body.
     The Psychedelic Warrior receives a -3 reaction adjustment
hindrance to respectable people such as nobles, wives, elderly, etc..

Wealth Options: The Psychedelic Warrior gets the starting gold for a
warrior, 5d4x10 gold pieces.

Races: The Psychedelic Warrior can be of any race, class, sex,
religious persuasion, or sexual orientation.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                             THE DRUG LIST


     The following is a list of drugs that a DM may throw into a
campaign to spruce it up a bit. Drugs should be considered evil and DMs
should devise adventures to stop the transportation, selling, and
taking of drugs. There are many real world example for DMs to feed off
of.
     In any case, these drugs are listed with game effects that aren't
related to the rules above. The DM may wish to assign a drug
classification from the rules to the below drugs to make it work better
with this entire appendix.
     A frequency is given for each drug. How it is interrupted is up to
the DM but the frequency listed is how the original writer used it.

Common:
     Bog Weed
     Bogwort
     Fluted Rose
     Gayln Root
     Mirella

Rare:
     Fire Orchid
     Morning Dove

Very Rare:
     Arglik
     Chepok
     Kyphal
     Mimay



Name: Bog Weed
Freq: Common
Onset: 1d3 rounds

     Bog weed is a tall gangly plant found growing in swamps. The
leaves, when properly prepared, are a stimulant  Improperly prepared,
they are poisonous. They are burnt and the smoke inhaled. This is done
with a brazier and a cloth, which is draped over the head to
concentrate the smoke.  Users have an unpleasant smoky smell to them.

Effects: The imbiber receives +2 dexterity and +1 charisma.

Quote: "Hello my dear, you look ravishing.  Did you know I can write my
name using only my tongue and a drop of ink?"


Name: Bogwort
Freq: Common
Onset: 1d6 rounds

     Bogwort is a short, fleshy plant found growing in muddy swamps.
The leaves are pressed and the liquid drunk. The liquid may be
evaporated and the resulting powder mixed with water and consumed.

Effects: The imbiber gets +2 strength (+40% to exceptional str. i.e.
18/60 becomes 18/00, 18/70 becomes 19).

Quote: "Grrrr!"


Name: Fluted Rose
Freq: Common
Onset: 1d6+1 rounds.

     This lovely pink flower resembles a small rose. It grows in poor
rocky soils at high altitudes in temperate or tropical areas. The
flowers are dried and brewed as a tea. This beverage is a strong
relaxant. Imbibers are very relaxed and tend to be uncaring about
external events, whether these events are work, play, or a rampaging
dragon.

Effects: The imbiber gets +4 save vs. fear, +4 morale, -2 dexterity
(very relaxed), -4 movement.

Quote: "Hey! Why are you hitting me with that sword?  Don't be so
uptigh..."


Name: Gayln Root
Freq: Common
Onset: 1d4 rounds

     This root comes from an aquatic plant similar to cattails. It
grows in warm environments and is harvested in winter. The root is
eaten and has a mild radish-like flavor. Gayln root is a euphoric
relaxant.

Effects: All ability scores drop to 5 for 2d4 hours, but the user is
VERY happy. The imbiber suffers from extreme suggestibility, is immune
to fear (even a ghost?), and has the ability scores return at the rate
of 1 point per turn.

Quote: "Whoa!"


Name: Mirella
Freq: Common
Onset: 1d4 rounds

     Mirella takes the form of flower buds, which are eaten. A small
plant, it grows in the savannah. It blooms for a short time after the
rains in summer.

Effects:: A stimulant, it bestows +1 to Dexterity, +2 to Constitution
for purposes of saving throws and ability checks, and adds 1d8 hp. The
lasts for 1d4 hours. Users often have bleeding gums. It is possible
(though not advisable) to "pop a bud" after the first begins to wear
off.  Sleep is not possible (normally) under the influence.  Users may
receive +2 save vs. sleep.

Quote:  "What! Where!  Showmeshowmeshowmeeeee!"


Name: Fire Orchid
Freq: Rare
Onset: 1d4+2 rounds

     The true appearance of this flower is known only to those who
collect it. The form used consists of bright scarlet leaves, which are
sucked on for a few minutes.

Effects: The user gains +1 intelligence for 1d4+1 days. Addicts have
scarlet lips.

Quote: "How droll."


Name: Morning Dove
Freq: Rare
Onset: 1d6 rounds

     A beautiful rare tropical flower found in the jungle near streams.
The flowers are dried and brewed.

Effects: The resulting stimulant gives +3 to dexterity for 1d4 hours.
Addicts suffer from frequent nosebleeds.

Quote: "Oh look, fifty orc archers!  Should I dodge the arrows or just
catch them?"


Name: Arglik
Freq: Very Rare
Onset: 1 rounds

     A root from an unknown plant. It is prepared in some fashion and
formed into strips which are eaten.

Effects: This bestows +3 strength for 2 hours (+90% to exceptional
str.) i.e. a 17 str would become 18/60: +1 and +60% (2/3 of 90).

Quote: ROAR! "C'mere..." SNAP!


Name: Chepok
Freq: Very Rare
Onset: 1d6 rounds

     An unknown plant used by natives in the Ravanesh Jungle. The
leaves, when chewed and sucked, are a powerful stimulant and
hallucinogen.

Effects: It has many properties. It gives +2 strength (+20% to
exceptional), users will fight to -10 hp, wisdom reduced to 3, making
user susceptible to suggestions (treat as the spell); users need not
check morale and will fight until slain.

Quote: "Come here you bloody bastard; I'll bite your knees off!"


Name: Kyphal
Freq: Very Rare
Onset: 1 rounds

     This drug is a grayish powder, the exact components are unknown.

Effects: The powder, when inhaled, gives +2 intelligence for 2d6 days.
Addicts have a gray pallor.

Quote: "Dullard!"


Name: Mimay
Freq: Very Rare
Onset: 1d6 rounds

     A mushroom eaten by shaman and witch doctors for the purpose o
divination and prophecy. When eaten the user goes into a trance-like
state and has a wild trip.

Effects: Actual game effects are up to the DM but augury, divination,
other rare incense legend lore is recommended. The trip lasts for 1d4
hours with another 3d4 hours to recover.

Quote: "My God!  It's full of stars!"

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                             SPECIAL THANKS


Kenneth Nuckols (kn2051@PEGASUS.CC.UCF.EDU) at University of Central
Florida in Orlando, FL who sent the Psychedelic Warrior class which was
converted to the 2nd edition kit presented here. Also, he provided Bog
Weed, Bogwort, Fluted Rose, Gayln Root, Mirella, Fire Orchid, Morning
Dove, Arglik, Chepok, Kyphal, and Mimay in the Drug List.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


