-----------------------------------------------------------------------

                      APPENDIX B: AD&D DICE GAMES

                    FOR ADVANCED DUNGEONS & DRAGONS

                                   BY

                              DESMOND REID


-----------------------------------------------------------------------

                           *** DISCLAIMER ***

     All contents of this appendix are presented for game purposes
only. There are part of this appendix with dice games that involve
alcohol. In no way is this appendix intended to persuade people of any
age to drink alcoholic beverages. The author of the appendix does not
condone the use of alcohol, especially for those under the legal age.
Hopefully, information presented in this appendix will educated on the
dangers of alcohol. In fact, it would be preferred that people use this
appendix to allow there fictitious characters to indulge in the use of
alcohol in place of them. A character can be thrown in the trash, a
person is a lot harder to dispose of. In no way will the author of this
appendix or the contributors of this appendix be held responsible for
other persons' actions.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

                    @ COPYRIGHT 1993 by DESMOND REID

                              NOT FOR SALE

       The following appendix is the property of its author, who
    hereby states that he retains the copyright. You may distribute
    it at will, provided that nothing in the appendix, this notice,
       or any of the credits are altered in any way; and that you
                     do not make a profit from it.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

BUCK DICE

CREATORS: Elves
OPERATOR: Nil
DICE TYPE: 3d6

     Any number can play. Each player throws the dice to determine the
order of play; the player making the highest score goes first, next
highest second, and so on. The low man then throws one die and the
number thrown becomes the point number. The high man begins throwing
all three dice, and scores one point for each point number thrown. He
continues to throw as long as he throws point numbers, which are added
as he goes along. When he fails to throw a point number on any throw,
the dice pass to the next player.
     The object is to score exactly 15 points, called buck; each player
as he reaches this score, drops out of the game until only one player
remains who becomes the loser and foots the bill. If a player reaches a
total above 15, the throw does not count and he must throw again. Any
three numbers (not point numbers) thrown is a little buck and counts 5
points. When the point numbers appear on all three dice, it's a big
buck, which counts 15 points and eliminates the player no matter what
score he has previously made.


DICE

CREATORS: Humans
OPERATOR: Nil
DICE TYPE: 2d6

     Quite similar to but not as involved as Three Man or Still, Dice
is a drinking game with a high buzz factor. All that is need is beer,
liquor, dice, and people.
     A player rolls two dice. Any result that adds up to six (i.e. 2-4,
5-1) or has a six in it (i.e. 6-1, 6-2, 6-2, 6-3, 6-4, 6-5) requires
the player to take a "good" gulp of beer. Any result of double 2s, 4s,
or 5s requires the player to drink that many (2, 4, or 5) "good" gulps
of beer. A player that rolls double 3s is penalized twice, for getting
doubles and adding up to six. Thus, four "good" gulps (or 2 if played
with the modified rules). The killer is double 1s or double 6s. For
these results the player does a SHOT of his/her favorite poison (i.e.
J.D., Southern Comfort, tequila, etc.). A player continues rolling
until he/she gets something that he/she doesn't drink on (i.e. 1-2, 1-
3, 1-4, 1-5, 2-3, 2-5, 3-4, 3-5, 4-5). If the dice leaves the playing
surface (i.e. table, bar, etc.), the player is rewarded with a gulp of
beer.


LIAR

CREATORS: Humans
OPERATOR: Nil
DICE TYPE: 5d6

     Any number can play. Five dice are used with a dice cup.  Each
player throws five dice and the player throwing the highest poker hand
(ace is high, and 6, 5, 4, 3, 2 represent king, queen, jack, ten, nine,
respectively) takes any seat and is the first shooter; the player
throwing the second highest hand sits at his left and shoots second;
and so on.
     At the beginning of play, each player places before himself three
betting units. The first shooter shakes  the dice, turns the cup upside
down, and lifts it, shielding the dice from view with his hand. He then
announces the value of his hand but need not state the truth. The
player on his left must either accept the statement or call him a liar.
     If the first shooter's statement is doubted and if he has at least
as good a hand as he called, the doubter puts one betting unit into the
pot. If the shooter has lied about his hand, he must pay one unit to
the doubter and put one unit into the pot. It then becomes the
doubter's turn to throw, and he plays against the player on his left;
and so on, around the table.
     If the shooter's statement is accepted as true by the player at
his left, it becomes the latter's turn to throw. He may use all the
dice originally thrown or leave as many of them as he cares to and
throw the others. As the first shooter did, he covers the dice he
throws and must then announce that the five dice have a value that
beats the hand which the first shooter announced and which was
accepted. The first shooter then either accepts or doubts this
statement, and this process continues until one of the two players has
doubted a hand which the other player has actually thrown or bettered.
The doubter then puts one of his units into the pot.
     When a player has placed all three of his betting units into the
pot, he drops out of the game and the other players continue until only
one player is left who still retains one or more of his original three
units. This player is declared the winner and takes the pot.
     The player on the left of the first shooter begins the next game.


MARINER

CREATORS: Sailors
OPERATORS: Nil
DICE TYPE: 5d6

     There are times when there is nothing to do on a ship, so a nice
dice game helps make the waves go by. Any number can play and five dice
are thrown from a cup are used.  Each player throws a single die to
determine the order of play, highest man going first, second highest
second, and so on.  Tying players throw again.  The deal rotates to the
left.
     Each player in turn is allowed three throws and first tries to get
a 6, 5, and 4 in that order; the 6 represents the ship, the 5 is the
captain, and the 4 is the mate. If a 6 and 5 appear on the first throw
the player puts those dice aside and rolls the remaining three dice
trying to get a 4.  If a 6 and 4 appear on the first roll, the 4 cannot
be used until a 5 has been made and the player sets aside the 6 only
and throws four dice on his next throw.
     When the player has succeeded in getting a 6, 5, and 4 in that
order, the points on the remaining two dice constitute his score,
called the crew. If he has not used all of his three throws he may, if
he likes, use any remaining throws of the two dice in an attempt to
make them show a higher total. The player who has made ship, captain,
and mate and whose two remaining dice show the highest score is the
winner and takes the pot into which each player has contributed equal
stakes, /if the two high players tie, it is considered a tie for
everyone and another round is thrown. The player to the left of the
first shooter in the first round becomes the first shooter in the
second round.


ONE-HUNDRED

CREATORS: Dwarves
OPERATOR: Nil
DICE TYPE: 1d10

     The dwarves created this game after creating the ten sided die.
Once upon a time, a dwarf made a die by carefully carving numbers into
a gem he had. The idea caught on by dwarves everywhere. Unfortunately,
no dice games existed for a ten-sided die, so they made one. In the
original game, ten dwarfs played for the 1000 gold pieces (100 gold
pieces per player).  Of course times change.
    Any number can play now and the players can be of any race. Each
player puts a stake (the amount decided unanimously among the players)
in the center forming a pool and each player throws the die to
determine order of play, low man going first, next highest next, and so
on. The players throw the die in turn and continue to throw, adding
each number thrown to the previous one and calling out the totals.  The
object is to reach 100 or approach it as closely as possible without
passing it. Players passing 100 are busted.
     The player who comes closest to 100 wins. Ties divide the pool.
Most players throw again at 94 or less, stop at 95 or more.


ROTATION

CREATORS: Humans
OPERATOR: NIL
DICE TYPE: 2d8

     This dice game originated from the humans who like a simple
drinking game. After all, once a player puts down a couple of drinks,
the rules tend to get complicated.
     Any number can play, two dice are used, and any player may go
first. On the first round each player throws once and tries to make 2.
If successful, he scores 2 points, if not he scores nothing. On the
second round each player shoots for a 3 which, if made, scores 3
points. All of the fifteen number combinations possible with the two
dice (2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10, 11,12,13,14,15,16) are played for in this
manner, beginning with the lowest. The player having the highest total
score after all numbers have been shot for is declared.
     Usually the loser must by  the other competitors a drink.


SIXES

CREATORS: Dwarves
OPERATOR: Nil
DICE TYPE: 1d10

     Another simple game of the dwarves where the participants can get
quite intoxicated quite nicely.
     To start, somebody must line up ten tankards, size unimportant but
typically very big. A nice supply of beer or other boisterous alcohol
beverage must be available usually in a big pitcher or barrel.
     Everyone sits around and someone starts by rolling the die and
play continues in any order.
     The number rolled corresponds to the number of the tankard in the
line. If it's empty, the roller fills it as much as he wants and play
continues with another roller. If it contains beer, the roller must
drink it all up and roll again.


THIEF

CREATORS: Humans
OPERATOR: Nil
DICE TYPE: 2d6

     This confusing game was created by some nobles so they would have
a drinking game that few low-lifes could learn. Unfortunately, they
have trouble with the game.
     Thief takes a bit to catch onto, but once understood, it is quite
competitive game. The game requires people, beer, and dice.  A player
arbitrarily goes first by rolling the dice. The score for the dice is
as follows:

2 & 1  - Thief, the highest possible roll. The eventual loser has to
         drink double the standard drinking quantity being used for the
         game. Each subsequent thief in that round will double the
         required drink for loser. This will be easily understood
        later.

3 & 1  - Scumbag. The thrower immediately has to consume one drink.
         This throw does not count as one of the thrower's goes.

Double - Any doubles rolled scores 100 times the double (i.e., double 1
         scores 100, double 2 scores 200 etc.).

Other  - Any other roll scores the highest number multiplied by 10 +
         the smallest number (i.e., 5 & 4 scores 54, 6 & 1 scores 61
         etc.).

     The starter has the choice of one, two of three rolls to obtain
the best score he can. The starter's score is the score of his last
throw i.e., if he throws a 61 then 63 with his first two throws and
elects to take a third throw, he must count the third throw even if
it's lower. Every other player in the game has the choice of throwing
up to as many times as the starter i.e., if the starter takes one
throw, all other players have only one throw.
     If a player has more than one throw available, he may hold a 1 or
a 2 (if thrown) for subsequent throws i.e., if he has 2 or 3 throws and
he throws a 4:1 on his first go, he may, if he wishes, only pick up the
4 and throw it as his next go. This tactic will increase his chance of
a thief, while also increasing his chance of a low score or scumbag.
If he throws a scumbag he may not hold the 1.
    The loser is the person who throws the lowest score. In the event
of a tie, all players with the lowest score must roll one dice and the
lowest number loses.
     Play as many rounds as desired.


THREE MAN

CREATORS: Humans
OPERATOR: Nil
DICE TYPE: 2d6

     A very fun beer-dice game. Supplies needed are beer and dice.
     All participants sit in a circle. The first order of business is
to determine the Three Man. This is done by each player rolling a die
in turn. The first to roll a three becomes the Three Man (see below for
variation with the Beer Helmut.)
     The player to the left of the Three Man goes first, and play
continues in a clockwise direction. The player then rolls both dice and
acts according to the following combinations:

        1:1  Doubles - see below
        1:2  Three man drinks (sum to 3)
        1:3  Three man drinks (three on die)
        1:4  Thumb to table or floor (playing surface)
        1:5  Index finger to side of nose.
        1:6  Player to left of roller drinks (7 left/11 right)
        2:2  Doubles - see below
        2:3  Three man drinks (three on die)
        2:4  Pass turn
        2:5  Player to left of roller drinks (7 left/11 right)
        2:6  Pass turn
        3:3  Doubles - see below; three drinks twice
        3:4  Three man drinks; player to left of roller drinks
        3:5  Three man drinks
        3:6  Three man drinks; Social
        4:4  Doubles - see below
        4:5  Social
        4:6  Pass turn
        5:5  Doubles - see below
        5:6  Player to right of roller drinks (7 left/11 right)
        6:6  Doubles - see below

     If on the Three Man's turn, he/she rolls a three or combination
thereof, he/she is no longer the Three Man and then can designate any
other player as the new Three Man. (This also includes if the Three Man
rolls during a doubles give; see below.)

Social: Everybody drinks.

Doubles: The roller has the option of giving both dice to one player
or one dice to two players. Whatever the case, the dice are rolled
and the number on the dice is what that person(s) have to drink.
(i.e. roller gives the dice to Y and Z. Y rolls a 3 and Z rolls a five,
Y drinks 3, Z drinks 5. Or Y gets both dice and rolls a 3:5, Y then
drinks 8). However, if the given dice roll to doubles, the original
roller has to drink that amount. But the original roller also keeps the
turn.

To condense everything:

        Total of 7 - player to right of roller drinks
        Total of 11- player to left of roller drinks
        Total of 9 - Social
        Any 3 or sum to 3 - Three man drinks
        1 and 4 - thumb on floor
        1 and 5 - finger on nose
        Doubles - give 'em away

Variation with the Beer Helmut:

     To make the visual effect of the game more interesting, the Three
Man should have to were some of strange hat, the Beer Helmut. The
Helmut could be almost anything that can be worn on the head, orange
hunters' hat, goblin helmet, undergarments, etc.. But tradition holds
that the Helmut be made from a discarded casket of beer. Other
ornamentation may be freely added, such as a plume from feathers. It
should look like something worn into battle. Thus the name, Beer
Helmut.
     When the Three Man no longer is the Three Man due to skillful
rolling, part of the ceremony is the passing of the Helmut onto the new
Three Man.


THRESHOLD

CREATORS: Dwarfs
OPERATOR: Nil
DICE TYPE: 1d6

     This is a dwarven "lets get blasted" game invented after tireless
rounds of other typically human games. The very high buzz factor makes
it the perfect game for dwarves. The supplies are simply beer, a
gold piece, a breakable tankard, and a die.
     The tankard containing a quarter and a die is passed to a
participant. The shaker shakes the tankard at the person next to
him/her, the shakee. The shakee then calls heads or tails. If the
shakee is correct, the shaker drinks once for each spot showing on the
die (ex. six drinks if for a roll of 6). If the shakee is wrong, he/she
drinks that many times. The tankard is passed to the next participant
and play continues. Pretty simple game.
     A simple variation for the most hardy of dwarves is to use two or
more dies.


TWENTY-ONE ACES

CREATORS: Humans
OPERATOR: Nil
DICE TYPE: 5d6

     This is a good game to start in a bar because it is simple,
straight-forward, with no gray areas and a mid-high buzz factor.
Supplies needed are people in a bar (preferably friends), and five
dice.
     The game is played by counting the "ones" that are rolled. The
person who rolls the seventh "one" gets to pick the shot that will be
consumed at the end of the game. The person who rolls the fourteenth
"ace" gets the honor of paying for the shot. The person who rolls the
twenty-first ace has to drink the shot. Play the game by taking die out
of the roll so that you only have one dice left when the twenty-first
ace is rolled.  For example:

     Count    # dice rolled
     1-16           5
       17           4
       18           3
       19           2
       20           1
       21         Drink


UNDER AND OVER SEVEN

CREATORS: Unknown
OPERATOR: Thieves
DICE TYPE: 2d6

     This is an old-time game that is still going strong. It gets a
steady play because it is simple and easy to learn.  Also, it is so
deceptive in appearance that the average player can't understand why
the operator of the game doesn't go broke. The game is popular with the
operators because they know that their chance of losing is nil, that it
is one of the biggest sucker games ever, and that the percentage for
the house, although the player can't see it, is as strong as they come.
     The game is usually operated by hustlers, that is thieves that
prefer to take peoples money in a more moral fashion. After all, the
players of the game are willing to gamble their money.
     The only items needed for play are two die, a dice cup, and a
small layout. The layout is simply three squares in a row with the
following written in them respectively: UNDER 7, SEVEN, OVER 7. The
design sometimes simply being drawn on a rock with chalk or scratched
in the ground. The player puts his money on any one of the three spaces
and throws the dice.  If he bets on UNDER 7 and throws any of the
numbers under seven, the bank pays him off at even money. The same is
true of the OVER 7 space. If he puts his money on the SEVEN space, he
is paid off at 5 for 1. No matter where they place they're money, the
bank's advantage is 16 2/3 percent.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


