RIFTS: Face Hugger Monster



	For all of you who liked the alien monster, you'll like this
one just as much. It's the face hugger that attached itself to
the people and would imbed itself in them. The only important
note about them that isn't obvious in the movies is that they
CANNOT inject the embryo into a MDC being. The MDC beings immune
system and body is to tough and besides, the creature can't
stick it's tail in them. Oh, one more thing. These things are
not really independant creatures. They where described in the
book ALIEN VS PREADOTER: Prey as being "...Walking Dicks." Kind
of sick and rather blunt, but thats about the truth.



Alignment: Predatorial Monster (lives only to imbed itself)



Attributes

IQ: Low Animal (charges ANYTHING and tries to imbed itself, even
MDC beings which will prove futile to try and impregnate)/
ME:1d6/ MA: None/ PS: 1d6/ PP: 4d6/ PE: 2d6

PB: 1/ SPD: 1d4x10



Hit Points: 1d4x3

SDC: 1d6x3

SDC AR: None



Horror Factor: 12 (18 if  character (SDC only) has had one
attempt to impregnate them before)



PPE: 3D6x10 (Great for Sacrifices and Blood Rituals)



HTH attacks: 2

Damage (SDC unless otherwise stated)

Bite- 1 

Tentcle Whip- 1d4

Tail Whip- 1d4+1

Impregnating Injection- 1d4-1 directly to HP (yes, a 0 is
possible)



Powers

Acid Blood

If  the creature is killed, a mild acid sprays a 3 foot area,
doing 1d4 MD to all within range. If an SDC structure, roll
2d4x10. 



Impregnation (SPECIAL)

If a SDC character has been attacked by the creature, the
creature can, at the cost of it's 2 attacks, latch on to the
person. The character the has 1d4 melees to get the creature off
 before it impregnates them. It takes a PS of  11 or higher to
tear the creature off and costs 2 melee actions. If the characer
is impregnated there will be 2d6 days before the baby alien
breaks through his chest, KILLING HIM. The baby alien has 1 on
all attributes appliable except speed (which is 3d6) and will
mature fully in 1d6 hours if not killed. If the character is
killed before the baby emerges, the creature is killed. Two
things to note. One is, while impregnated, the character has an
additional 20 SDC, 2 HP, 1 PS, and 3 SPD. The second is that
Juicers and Crazies and the like do die from impregnation, but
the creature dies also before it can emerge. It takes 3d6 days
for the Juicer/Crazy/ETC. to die with the thing.



Nightvision 50 feet

Detect all life within 10 feet

Never shows fear or backs down and will attack the first target
it sees until killed o another person gets infront of it in
between it's first target and it.



Can leap 10 feet vertical or 15 feet horizontal (20 with running
start)



Heals 1d4 SDC/HP per hour



Bonuses (in additon to attributes)

+3 dodge, +1 to strike in HTH, +2 vs. Magic, Cannot be mind
controlled



Lifespan: Must impregnate within 1d6 weeks



Habitat: Anywhere but tempatures above 200 degrees



Length: 2 feet

Width: 9 inches

Height: 1 foot

Weight: about 50 ilbs



ISP or Psionics: None

Magic: None



Language: None Cannot even communicate with other memmbers of
it's species.



Enemies: Same as Alien Monster

Allies:         -     -     -           -



	I hope you enjoy this Monster. It's a good addition along with
the Alien Monster.



	The Queen alien will not be made for some time now, so don't
hold your breath. I'll try to have her stats by the end of the
month though.



	By the way, I dropped the board idea.



	Oh yes, they and find the book ALIENS VS. PREDATOR: PREY. It is
excellent reading.



A monster for RIFT's by Palladium Books



Designed by Mike Best (Capt MJB)



5/5/94

