Hello fellow humanoids!

	I'd like to introduce you to an bright new star in the arms and armors scene, INFINITY INC.  Guaranteed to rival the well-known Triax and Kittani armaments, INFINITY prides itself on bringing you the newest tech first.  

	In this trial run of our first open market in this dimension, we'd like to present the mainstay of our company, the INFINITY Harness!

	This miraculous device comes in two classes to fit your budget: the economical Hero Class and the ultimate God Class.  An attractive alternative to the bulky and frankly impractical power armor and bots so favored by many, the Harness focuses the ambient energy of the multiverse into sheer personal power!  Lightweight and a joy to wear, the Harness will be the envy of all you friends.

	And remember, humanoids only!

INFINITY INC.-Evening the Odds.

	INFINITY INC. is actually the brainchild of a powerful group of technowizards with the secret backing of several gods (including Zeus, Herakles, Odin, Quetzalcoatl, and other supporters of Rifts Earth humanoids).  The group employs thousands of workers from Asgardian dwarves to promising craftsmen from across the multiverse.  The gods provide safe transport for INFINITY's goods and personal, as well as much in the way of P.P.E. and magical knowledge.  The company puts out a line of powerful technomagical devices and weapons designed expressly for the use of humans and humanoid D-Bees, including the Harness seen below.  This was the first device put to full production by the group and has become their biggest seller to date. 

	The group, along with the gods behind it, exists for the express purpose of aiding humans in the struggle against monsterous threats.  With the dawning threat of the Mechanoids and the loss of Atlantis to the Splugorth, the group, at the urgings of their patrons, are opening markets on Rifts Earth (this was the original plans of the gods involved).  Markets are opening in the NGR and the Coalition States (secretly), but any powerful group of adventures (level 5 and up) might be approached by an appointed spokeman.  Often Hermes or another lesser god will approach characters of levels higher than 10.
Author's Note:  The company was originally just a presentation idea for the harness, but I see potential for its existance in any GM's campaign as a humanoid alternative to Splynn's Market or extradimensional merchants.  INFINITY also gives the GM a venue to introduce new equipement, especially technowizardry.  Remember, though, the company does not market in biological exports (that includes slaves and rune-weapons as well as biowizardry and symbiotes).  Devices of torture and mass-destruction can also be ruled out.  The market caters to the needs of individual humanoid adventures, giving them high-quality arms and armor.  Sub-note: INFINITY does not infringe on copyrights.  The majority of goods sold will be custom-made or designed by the company.  Brand-names will be sold, but many items produced by someone other than INFINITY must be ordered.  Usually, equipement of better quality can be found (increased range or damage on weapons, greater M.D.C. and more options for bots and vehicles).  Custome orders are welcome.


INFINITY Harness (also called "God Cloth" by the well-informed)
Technowizard/God Joint Venture

Note to GM's: These harnesses are powerful items, much superior to power armor.  They go beyond simple protection, extending the character's abilities vastly.  Consider carefully the impact of the items on your campaign before allowing them in.  Also, feel free to add/remove some benefits as well as invent restrictions to their use.  
 
	The Harness comes in many different forms, but it is most often seen as a skin-tight suit (similar to typical super-hero garb).  Analysis by the appropriate equipement will show that the suit contains microcircuitry bordering on the impossible-truly a scientific wonder.  The circuit forms a vaguely harness-like shape across the shoulders, arms, chest, and back of the suit.  The suit also includes a rigid, full-face helmet which bonds to the cowling of the suit when worn (usually the helmet will leave the mouth exposed); the helmet contains the same microciircuitry as the suit.  The cloth of the suit is an alien material which serves to distribute the energies that the harness itself collects.

	The energy that powers the suit come from many sources, including ley lines, extradimensional matrixes, and the suit's wearer among others.  The energies powering the suit cannot be cut off, blocking one source will cause the suit to draw more heavily on another.  Really, this just guarantees the suit will operate at full capacity at all times (unless it is damaged).

	The Harness provides four benefits to the wearer: increased strength, a megadamage force-field, protection from many forms of attacks, and the power of flight.  The magnitude of these benefits depend on the class purchased.

Hero Class
	This is the cheaper harness, giving less benefits than the God Class.

Bonuses:

	Increased Strength- adds 10 to P.S. and the attribute is considered supernatural.

	Force-field- a 50 M.D.C. sheild surrounds the wearer at all times.  The sheild protects the wearer from fire and cold attacks (half damage, includes plasma and magical fire), lasers (half damage), and magical/energy melee weapons (sharp or blunt, half damage).  Normal melee weapons, even if mega-damage, will not harm the sheild.  Rune weapons do full damage.  The sheild will extend beyond any additional body armor the character wears, but power armor and bots do not gain the benefits of the sheild.  The sheild regenerates 1d4 M.D.C. per melee.  Depleting the shield has no effect on the other functions of the harness.

	Protection- If the shield should ever be depleted, the suit gives the same damage benefits as the sheild (no M.D.C., though) except that it lacks the rigidity to protect from blunt attacks.  This aspect makes it ideal for natural mega-damage characters, but can be a pain in the butt for S.D.C. characters.  Also, the suit's material gives a +4 bonus to saves versus magic and psionics, and a 5% chance to absorb a magical or psionic attack completely (this is by nature of the material; it is not an intented function of the cloth)

	Flight- The suit will allow unlimited flight to the wearer at a speed of 60!  The Character can carry as much weight as he could Lift and Carry (100x P.S.).  A Stone-Master's lifting power will not aid in this limit.
Cost: 1D4 million credits, though a character's prestige and status may get him/her a lower price.  The harness has been known to be given away at the biddings of the gods to their favorites or relatives.

God Class
	Extremely expensive, but worth it to those who can pay.

Bonuses:

	Increased Attributes:  The harness gives a 20 point increase to the character's P.S. attribute, as well as a +5 to speed, P.E., AND P.P.  All of those atttibutes are considered supernatural.

	Force-field:  Same as the Hero class, but with 250 M.D.C. and total immunity to fire and cold (included plasma and magical fire).  Regenerates 1D6x5 M.D.C. per melee.

	Protection:  Same as Hero class, but the suit gives 50 additional M.D.C. (back up field of sorts).  Fire and cold do no damage.  +6 to saves vs. magic and psionics and 25% chance to absorb those attacks completely.

	Flight: Unlimited flight at a speed of 100!  Stone-master bonuses to lifting do not apply.
Cost: 4d6x10 million credits.  Trade-ins may go toward the cost, as well as services rendered.  A well-known character may get it for 1d4x10 million credits, as may a favored demigod or hero, but the harness will never be given away.

Asorted Notes

	The harnesses are only usable by humanoid characters with two arms and two legs.  Spikes and spines may be accomadated by some custom work by the dealer, but INFINITY will no make a multi-limbed model (increasing the number of limbs, even by just cutting holes in the fabric, causes the destruction of the harness).  Otherwise, a single harness can accomadate

	Any attempts to alter the harnesses to a different form by anyone but 
its designers and liscenced representatives will fail.  Major alteration attempts may cause the harnesses destruction (50% chance).  Any attempt to alter the harness for use by a non-humanoid automatically destroys the harness. 	
	A God class harness will only work for the character it is sold to due to specific attunment to that character.  The same applies to a Hero, but a technowizard can alter the attunement on a role of 18 or higher (no chance of destruction for re-allignment).

	A built in fail-safe will cause damage to any vampire or evil character to put on the Harness (1d6 for Hero, 6d6 for God).  This is mega-damage.

	Races which typically serve as willing minions of the Slugorth or other intelligences (Kydians, HighLords, etc.) cannot use the harness.

	The Splugorth has taken notice of the harnesses, as have the vampires of South and Central America.  They are both undertaking attempts harness the powers of the harness for their own uses.  Please do not allow them to succeed, GM's!  The balancing nature of the harnesses have on the humanoid/non-humanoid conflict will be disrupted!  The Splugorth are also looking to hamper the INFINITY markets, but it will have little success in human controlled lands.

	The harnesses gain no benefits from ley lines.

	God class harnesses will rarely be found "in the wild."  Even so, the character must go to an INFINITY market to adjust the suit.
