Glitzy-2000: A Magic Alternative to Glitterboys :P
	The Glitzy-2000s are a techno-magic made by a race close to the 
Old Ones in power, and destroyed(?) in the final battle with the Old Ones.
Their Power armor holds some of their power, like a rune weapon, but the
pilot must learn to use it, after being mentally, symbiotically joined to 
the armor.  The pilot must be inside the armor for at least one hour a day, 
or both suffer 1d6 * 10 MDC/HP.  After this joining, the armor may be used by
someone else only after the death of the pilot.  As the pilot gains levels, he
may select powers from the list.  The armor is linked to one particular 
element, Earth at first level; after fifth level, the element can be changed.
(Sorry, I only have Earth powers now, write me and I may have more)
	The power armor is made out of some silvery metal, much like the guy
in Terminator 2.  Like him, the power armor has the capability to change 
shape, although its natural shape will be a 'silouette' of the Pilot's race,
featureless.
	SIZE:  about 12 by 4 by 4 ft for a human pilot
	WEAPONS: The Glitzy-2000 without it's other powers has no external
weapons.  Only weapons specifically modified for giant, fingerless hands 
may be used.
	
	ABILITIES (the good stuff) -
	EARTH
	Rock Meld - if the armor is in contact with any single type of stone
(granite, quartz, metal, etc) equal to itself in size, it can actually soak 
into the rock.  This can be kept up infinately, and the armor and user 
cannot be detected by any means, unless a power is used.  When a power is 
used, the user is detectable by magic and psionics.  The armor cannot be 
harmed, unless whatever it is soaked into is broken up into pieces smaller 
than the armor can hide in, at which point, the armor is forced out, taking
2d6 * 10 MDC.  While inside the rock, the user does have a sence of time and 
can use any abilities normally, and he cannot detect anything outside without
them.  If the user leaves the armor by magic he cannot return without forcing
the armor out.  The only drawback is that the stone absorbs the armor's mass,
so it is that much bigger, not bad for mountains, bad for buildings.  NOTE: 
it can soak into separate grains, such as sand, provided that the total grains
could support it.

	Regeneration - The armor can regenerate MDC out of any rock (not 
metal).  This includes regenerating limbs.  although the rock disapears
		Rock size     regeneration
		Tiny (10-30lb)     1d6
		Small (30-50lb)    3d6
		Boulder (50-100lb) 6d6
		Planet		   1d6*10 (No, this does not cause the earth
to disappear)

	Move Stone - The armor can make rock flow through it like a conductor 
at a rate of 10 pounds a melee per level.  MDC metals flow at a rate of 1 MDC 
a melee.  The rock does not disapear, it must go somewhere, although it can
come out in any shape.

	Fools Gold - Same as spell

	Stone to Flesh - same as spell

	Purification - same as spell

	Climb - same as spell

	Carpet of Adhesion - same as spell

	Repel Animals - same as spell

	Call Lightning - same as spell

	Detect vibration - Duration - until armor moves.  By sensing vibrations
from the earth, the armor gets a radar for all ground objects, distance depends
on size:  Trucks\Power Armor - 1 mile, Car - 0.5 miles, Many smaller objects
(army, etc) - 0.5 miles, humans - 1000 feet (NOTE: this can be very confusing
in battle)

	GENERAL ABILITIES
	Shape Shift - time - 30 seconds.  This is the root of most other
abilities.  The Armor can change mold itself into any other shape, as 
long a there is a solid space as big as the user.  The user feels no 
discomfort during this, and to him, he is in a normal cockpit.  The 
armor must have enough mass to complete the area, and cannot change 
color.

	Pseudo-Pod:  This is a method of movement where a cord one foot in
diameter shoots out up to 100 yards, and the rest of the armor flows into 
it.  This takes 30 seconds

	ExoSuit:  The armor clothes the pilot in 75 MDC shiney silver armor.
From this the user can comand the main armor, although it cannot aim anything.

	MDC Damage Aura: The Armor has an MDC damage aura that can be turned 
on and off in an action.   Fist - 4d6; Harpoon- 3d6*5; Sword: 2d6*10 (NOTE:
harpoons must be made by Shape Shifting, and thrown harpoons trail out a 1 
MDC thread.  Cutting the thread damages the armor by 10 MDC)

	Healing:  The armor can heal the pilot same as BioRegeneration.

	Magic Resistance: 5% per time chosen

	Limb Meld:  The armor imparts some of its material to replace one of 
the pilot's limbs.  This limb is silvery, has normal texture, weight, stats 
and sences.  It has the following abilities:  Shape Shift(see above);  
Create Sword (replaces fore-arm, 4d6 MDC); Power Thrust (1 meele preparation, 
5 ft. range; 1d6*10 MDC); 

	Magnet:  Takes 1 melee to form.  The armor can create a 1 inch diameter
magnetic ball, which the pilot can direct to fly (20 mph).  All touching metal 
is stuck to the ball with a strength of 35.  Within one foot of the ball, the
magnet has a strength of 25, pulling in MDC metal armor, 5 feet away the 
strength is 15, at 10' the strength is 8.  A person whose PS is less than the
strength of the Magnet take a -3 on Hit, Parry, Dodge, and are drawn to the
magnet at a rate of 3 feet/ melee.  If the character out-strengths the magnet 
by under 3 points, he takes a -1 on all attacks, but does not move.  Ranged 
metal attacks (Arrows, Grenades, Missles, Pistols, Rifles, NOT Rail guns or
automatics - too fast) at the magnet are +3, attacks made within 5' of the
magnet, are -2, within 10' attacks are -1.  The pilot can deactivate the ball 
at will.  NOTE: while the magnet is being formed, the entire suit is magnetized.

	Magic Magnet:  ALL spells cast or taking effect within 10 ft of the
magnet go to the magnet, effecting whatever the magnet is touching.  No 
dodging, normal save.  NOTE: It takes one melee to form the magnet, during 
this melee the entire suit is magnetized.

	Psionics:  Any can be chosen, 1 super power every 3 levels.

         Hello There :)  Please write and tell me what you though.  Depending
upon the letters I get, I may make more.
                      Peter Scheidler   (Doc1000 - AOL;   DocScheid - TSN)