Ë

Ë‚                    Dark Wolf Power Armor

    The Dark Wolf Power Armor was created to be a counterpart tothe Glitter Boy, sort of a Shock Trooper and Heavy Artillerycombination, after the no-dogde weakness of the GB was discoveredwhile fighting large amounts of Pre-Rifts tanks in a skirmish notlong before the Coming of the Rifts.  In that battle, 15 GB'swere demolished by about 50 tanks.  However, the design was neverimplemented beofre the Rifts destroyed Earth.
     Because the designers of the GB also made the DW, theinternal systems are almost identical to the GB.
     Recently, the plans for the original DW mysteriously arrivedat the GB plant in Free Quebec.  The designers looked at it,decided that it was supposed to be a stnad-alone unit, not partof the team, and so reinforced it.

Model Type:USA-GBS24
Class:Heavy Armored Powered Assault/Assist Suit
Crew: One pilot.

‚MDC by Location:
‚Head-250  Right Shoulder Mini-Missile Launcher-75
Arms(2)-230 Hands(2)-100
Main Body-650
Jump Jets(2)(rear)-100
Mini Boom Gun-125(Left forearm) Plasma ejector-125(Right forearm)
Reinforced Pilot Compartment-110
Ammo Drum(rear)-45
Legs(2)-400

‚Statistical Data-
‚Height-8 ft. 6 in.  Width-4 ft. Length-4 ft.
Weight-1 ton fully loaded
Physical Strength equal to PS 30
Cargo-enough for 1 pistol, 1 rifle, survival kit, extra set offatigues and body armor.
Speed- 70 mph max. running, can jump 15. ft up or 25 acrossstanding, add 15 with running start, jet assisted, can go 120 ft.up or across, hover for up to 10 min.
Power-Nuclear-25 year avg. life
Cost- 30 million and up -- only available from Free Quebec foreither 30+ million or a 6 year tour of duty with Free Quebec,during which time you give up 90% of regular salary to pay forDark Wolf suit, and you _must_ have a perfect record.  All suitsign-outs are approved by military commanders in Free Quebec.

Weapon Systems-
1. Mini Boom Gun- This is a almost half-sized version of the BoomGun, mounted of the left forearm.  Its slugs are half sized, andbecause of its size, there is no need for a stabilization system. However, the Gun can still only be fired once per attack. AllSonic Boom ranges are half.
Primary Purpose-Assault
Secondary Purpose-Defense-Anti-Armor/AircraftŒDamage-4d6x5 MD. 
Rate of Fire:Equal to the number of Hand to Hand attack the pilothas...NO BURST or SPRAY!!!
Range:1.5 miles.
Payload:100 rounds, in a drum not unlike the Glitter Boy's, buthalf-sized.  Reloads are the same as the GB, excpet that the Guncannot be hand-fed©-the drum MUST be replaced, like a SAMAS suit.

2.Plasma Ejector-a short-range secondary weapon to allow forattack flexibility.
Damage-3d6x4 single shot. Bursts do 3d6x6.
Rate of Fire:Aimed, burst, or wild.
Payload:Effectively unlimited.
Note:MBG and PE may be fired as a paired attack, but is -2 tostrike unless pilot has paired weapons, and always costs 2actions.  If this is done, pilot is off-balance©-no dodge isallowed for the next action, and this cannot be done twice in arow.

3. Mini-Missile Launcher-Mounted where Boom Gun would have been,it uses a magazine-style drum to hold the missiles, which must bereplaced by someone with PS 20 or higher or another PA/RV.
Damage-missile dependent.
Range-around 1 mi.©-again, missile dependent.
Rate of Fire-single, volleys of 2,4, or 6.
Payload-12 missiles, which may be mixed types, but are usuallyPlasma or Armor©Piercing.

4. Hand to Hand©©Combat Bonuses:+1 on initiative, +1 to parry anddodge, and +3 to roll with punch, fall, or impact.  See PowerARmor Eilte for damage, however, the Dark Wolf has 2 foot longretractable vibro©claws which add 2d6 to the punch and tackle,and gives the Dark Wolf a slash attack that does 3d6 damage.

5. Sensor Systems©The Dark Wolf has the same feature as theGlitter Boy.
1. Thermo©Imager©allows sight©by©heat in dark, shadows andthrough smoke. Range:2000 ft.
2.Infrared and Ultraviolet Optics©©Used mostly to detect sensortraps, and see in the dark, these project beams of light visibleto other similar detection systems.
Advanced Laser Targeting©©Weapons are +2 to strike unless firedsimutaneously, or if in burst of Plasma Ejector.
 
NOTE:The Dark Wolf suit has the same type of armor as the GlitterBoy, but is painted black or midnight blue.  The paint makes theDark Wolf's opponents ©2 to strike druing the night until orunless it has been hit 3 times, in which case the penalty is thendismissed.




Œ‚Dark Wolf Pilot OCC

‚‚	The Dark Wolf Pilot are a new breed of warrior, often usingstealth and secrecy as much as out©right blasting to solveproblems.  They believe that their Power Armor is the best, andwill go to almost any lengths to prove it, as mild as holdingcontests to as strong as actively hunting down other power armorpilots to duel, like the "Old West."  They have a special rivalrywith Glitter Boy pilots, becuase their respective suits are quitesimilar. 

Attribute Requirements: I.Q.:10. P.P. 10

OCC Skills:
  Pilot Auto (+15%)
  Pilot Hovercraft (+15%)
  Pilot Tank&APC (+15%)
  Power Armor Combat:Elite(in Dark Wolf) 
  Read Sensory (+10%)
  Language (two of choice, +20%) and American at 80%
  Land Navigation (+4%)
  Basic Electronics (10%)
  Boxing
  Radio: Basic (+10%)
  Demolitions (+10%)
  Demolitions Disposal (+10%)
  Robot Combat: Basic
  Weapon Systems (10%)
  WP Energy Pistol
  WP Energy Rifle
  Hand to Hand:Expert (may be changed to Martial Arts for 1 other   skill) 

  Communications: Any
  Domestic: Any
  Electrical: None other than OCC skill
  Espionage: Wilderness survival and intelligence only.
  Mechanical: Automotive only (+5%)
  Medical: First aid or Paramedic(Pick one).
  Physical: Any except acrobatics or gymnastics.
  Pilot: Any
  Pilot Related: Navigation (+5%)
  Rogue: Any (+5%)
  Science: Any
  Technical: Any
  W.P.: Any
  Wilderness: Any
OCC Related Skills:
  Select six other skills. Slelect two additional at level 3, one   at levels six, nine, and twelve.  All new skill start at level    one proficiency.

Secondary Skills:
  Six others, without bonuses.  ŒStandard equipment:
  Personal suit of body armor©©usually stylized Dead Boy light or  heavy, energy rifle and side arm of choice, five extra E©Clips    for each, one non©energy weapon of choice, two grenades, six      signal flares, survival knife, utility belt, air filter and gas  mask, walkie©talkie, two paris of fatigues, lightweight velcro© strapped boots designed for comfort and silence, canteen, robot  medical kit, IRMSS, and personal items.  
    Vehicle is a fully©equipped and loaded Dark Wolf suit of        Power Armor.

Money:5D6x250 in credits plus 1D8x1000 in Black market items.  
  If with Free Quebec, salary is about 1500 credits/month.