Song of the TeamBlades



a set of weapons for RIFTS by BaBeechMan



As the world's time grows short,

But one chance remains.

Eight blades in number, nine in power,

forged from the purest elements

by one of the purest heart,

are the one hope for the dying world.



-Anonymous



	There is much more to the poem than this short verse, but this
is all that remains.  The poet who wrote it has long since been
forgotten.  Still, the poem has significance, for it contains a
prophecy to be fulfilled far in the future... and that future is
now.



THE TEAMBLADES



	The TeamBlades are a set of eight swords, objects of celestial
might.  With their immense power anyone could easily hold all
the world in his grasp.  The remeining fragments of the poem are
unclear as to exactly who or what created the blades or why they
were created, but several things are clear.



-Eight diffetent people must weild the eight blades

-The blades are the only way to defeat a powerful evil.  The
name of this evil is unknown.

-Each blade is as unique as the one who weilds it.

-The eight who are to posess the blades are destined to do so,
as if the blades were made just for them.



	All right already, I'll get to the powers soon enough!  The
excerpt of the prophecy that is of the most interest to scholars
is the "eight blades in number, nine in power."  What could this
mean?  Is there a ninth blade?  Are the blades so powerful the
poet simply used a metaphor?  No one knows except perhaps the
poet.



POWERS



	All right, it's the part you've all been waiting for; the
powers of the TeamBlades!  Each blade may be unique, but all
have a few powers in common.







POWERS COMMON TO ALL TEAMBLADES

-The user has a mind bond with the owners of the seven other
TeamBlades.  This bond lasts as long as the owner lives.  NOTE:
If any owner of any TeamBlade dies, treat it as the death of a
Shifter's familiar, but apply it to all the remaining owners.

-The user can meld himself, physically, mentally, and in terms
of power, with any or all of the other owners of the TeamBlades.
 This results in some INCREDIBLY cool stuff!  GMs, there's too
many possible combinations to write down here; you make them up
(hey, I can't do ALL your work for you here!)

-The user is clairsentient to the 7 other owners (this means an
owner can see through another owner's eyes, hear with their
ears, stuff like that.  Cool isn't it?)

-All psionics and spells granted by the blades are usable 3
times per 24 hour period if the character cannot normally use
psionics or cast spells.  The character gains +4 to save vs any
spell and any psionic.

-All blades inflict 4d6 MD, +3 to strike and +5 to damage



Powers of Individual TeamBlades



ENERGY BLADE

This sword looks like a TW flaming sword when dormant.  When
activated by the user (which is done simply with a thought) a
blade similar to a Light Saber from Star Wars leaps out.

POWERS:Grants all psionic powers that have to do with
resistances (fatigue, pain, etc.)  It does NOT grant Impervious
to anything.

-Grants the psionic power of Psi-Armor.  This particular set
resembles that of ZERO form MegaMan X except that there is no
helmet and the gem that would be in the helmet is now over the
heart.

-Grants the spell of Armor of Ithan, usable 3 times in any 24
hour period, cast at a level equal to that of its owner.



WING BLADE

This sword looks like an odd cross between a cutlass and a
rapier.  The crossguard is two wings.  This blade may only be
wielded by a female.

POWERS:

-Grants all Healing psionic powers.  Even a {}-Runner can use
these.

-The character can, at will, sprout wings like those of a
Dovewing Hsian and fly at a speed of (you may want to sit down
before reading on} 10d10!

The character can cast Fly as the Eagle on others (NOT herself)
3 times per day, at no PPE cost if she can already cast the
spell.





FIRE SWORD

This blade looks like a remarkably ordinary longsword.  When
activated, the sword blazes with flames.  Note that ice- and
water-based creatures take double damage from this weapon.

POWERS:

-Grants the psionic powers of Pyrokinesis and Impervious to Fire.

-At will, the user can gain a flaming aura similar to that of a
Burster.  However, this fire can damage stuff if the user wants
it to and can, at the user's option: 1) double the SDC damage of
an HTH attack or 2)convert SDC of an HTH attack to MDC!

-Gains all fire spells of any kind, but may only be cast once
per 48 horus each.



ICE BRAND

This sword looks simply like a short sword made of ice.  Despite
its appearance, no degree of heat melts it.  Fire- and
heat-based creatures take double damage from this weapon.

POWERS:

-Grants the psionic powers of Hydrokinesis and Impervious to
Cold.

-At will the user can turn to water or ice (player's choice.) 
In water form, the player has all the abilities (and weaknesses)
of a Wave Child, in ice form the player cannot ooze through
cracks but can freeze water instantly and redirect any
water-based attack (VERY useful against an Ice Dragon.)



THUNDER BLADE

This bastard sword has a lightning bolt on its crossguard and
golden veins that resemble lightning bolts throughout.  When
activated, the blade crackles with mimiature lightning bolts.

POWERS:

-Gains the psionic power of Electrokinesis.

-At will, the user crackles with energy, similar to
Mortal_Kombat's Raiden.  The user can throw lightning bolts
(equal to a Call Lightning cast at Level 7) and increase the
damage of attacks the same as the owner of the Fire Sword
(see_above)

-Gains all spells relating to lightning, electricity, or energy
(no, fire doesn't count) usable once per 48 hours each.





















STONE BLADE

This massive two-handed sword, almost 4 feet from crossguard to
blade, looks as though it were made of obsidian.  This blade,
unlike the others, does 6d6 MD, not 4d6.  Just as the Wing Blade
can only be used by a female, the Stone Blade can only be used
by a male.

POWERS:

-Gains the psionic powers if Impervious to: Fire, Cold, and
Poison.  Also gains Superior Telekinesis.

-At will, the user can turn to stone, the same as an Earth Child
(see RIFTS England for details.)

-Gains all spells relating to attacks (the spell must cause
damage to count) usable once per 72 hours each.



SONIC BLADE

This rapier is semi-transparent; it can actually be seen
through!  It also emits a soothing, inaudible tone that gives
everyone except the user within a 30 foot radius +2 to save vs.
spells, psionics, and horror factor.  These same characters also
take a     

-2 to initiative, speed, and to strike (there is a certian
spirit necessary to fight; the tone even diminishes this!)

POWERS:Grants the psionic power of Audiokinesis

-At will, the user can become immaterial and as semi-transparent
as the sword.  In this state, the character can only be harmed
by magic, psionics, or magical or rune weapons.  The character
can also move at Mach 1, but no sonic boom is created (who knows
why?  Any number of reasons are possible.)

-Grants all spells pertaining to sound, usable 3 times per 24
hours each.



SUN BLADE

This scimitar-style blade looks quite ordinary, except for an
engraving of the sun on its pommel and a cross at the base of
the blade.  When activated it sheds light bright enough to be
used as  a light source.  Note that vampires take quadruple
damage from this weapon; other light-sensitive creatures take
double.

POWERS:Grants the psionic power of Photokinesis.

-The character gains all the abilities of a Star Child (once
again, refer to RIFTS England for details.)

-Gains all spells pertaining to light, usable 2 times per 24
hours each.













MILLENNIUM BLADE

"Eight blades in number, nine in power."  These swords are
called the TeamBlades for a reason.  When the 8 blades combine
their abilities, they form a weapon of truly staggering might. 
This blade looks like the Energy Blade, made of crystal.

POWERS:

-Has all the powers of all the TeamBlades.  Note that only 1
blade is created.

-The user grows to 10 feet high, and the sword grows in
proportion.  The Psi-Armor of the Energy Blade kicks in, and the
user gets HTH Martial Arts even if he or she can't normally have
the skill.  The user's strength doubles and becomes
supernatural.  In short, the user becomes ready to KICK SERIOUS
BUTT!!!!!!!!!!!



MELDS



	Remember how I said that the users of the TeamBlades could
meld?  Well, I'll tell this much.  If all 8 meld the Millennium
Blade is automatically created., and the 10-foot giant results
(in fact, this is the only way to create the Millennium Blade 
Also, certain blades cannot meld: Wing and Stone, Fire and Ice,
and Sun and Sonic cannot meld in those combinations.  Here's a
sample meld that's quite useful:



BLADES TO CREATE:

Wing and Energy

APPEARANCE:combined users take on the form of a Psi-Armored
version of the user of the Wing Blade.  The combination
resembles a fighter jet.  In fact, the DELTA form can even carry
one person.

POWERS:

-All abilities of the seperate users.

-Can shoot laser beams (2d6 MD) from each wing.  Number of
attacks is equal to that of the user of the Energy Blade.



Well, that's it!  GM's, feel free to make any changes you like!



A set of Insanely Cool Weaopns by DaBeechMan.

E-mail me with any questions.  Enjoy! (PS- Like the new logo?)

