Real Life Role Play (Reliropla -or- Advanced Capture The Flag)

By John Garwood
/|\
 |
\|>

Disclaimer---- I accept NO responsibility for any actions done by
any who play this game!
(If you get hurt don't come and sue me for your lack of good judgement! 
Because you will loose! Enough Said...)
Play at your own risk!!!

This is a game to played with real people. It is like capture the flag
with a few extra twists. 
1.Must haves....
Minimum -Two teams of people with at least 2 people per team.
Four "stakes" with colored ribbons. Or if playing in a forested area ribbons or socks will suffice.
At least 1 Weapon for each player.
An area to play in. (a park, back yard) with permission!!! [you don't want
 to tresspass.]
Four Trees or stakes to tie socks to.
An area big enough to seperate bases by at least 100 feet.
A designated boundary of play like the park property for example.
An oath from all players to not maim one another.
1 Red Ribbon per player (to declare death)
1 White Ribbon per player (signal surrender/time-out)
1 Penny per player (for disputes)
An area designated as cemetary. 
1 Whistle or noise maker for each team. Different one for each team!
Designated time to quit.
First Aid Kit!! (lets be safe ok!)

2. Suggested Weapons
Weapon/Damage per hit.
-------------
Foam Bats/1 damage.
Tennis Balls/2 damage.
Nerf Footballs/5 damage.
Red Rubber Gym Balls/10 damage.
Bird Seed(environmentally friendly)/10 damage.
Paint Guns(everyone must have safety equipment)/10 damage.
Bopper Swords(pipe insulation around pbc pipe wrapped with duct 
tape)/1 damage.
Water Balloons (grenades)/5 damage to all splashed.
Thin Cotton String(booby trap)/10 damage.
Squirt pistols/1 damage
Squirt rifles/5 damage

3. Suggested Clothing/equipment.
Camoflage Clothing.
Thick green clothing.
Safety glasses.
Safety helmets.
Watch.
Reflective red safety vest. If worn is the same as wearing a bullet proof
 vest or armor. Any hits to the vest are nullified! But it is hard to hide
 with it on. That is the trade off. I suggest that if women playing do not
 want to be hit in the chest that they should wear such a vest!

4. Rules Of Engagement
        a. Only legs,arms,and main torso count as targets.
        b. Any hits to other than targets do not count.
        c. All players start out with 10 hit points
        d. Any one who is holding a white flag is not a target.
        e. Any one wearing a red ribbon is not a target and is
        considdered dead.
        f. Any one in base is not a target.
        g. Heads, hands, and feet are not targets.
        h. Any one wearing a red vest thier torso is NOT a target.
        (further more strikes to vest should be avoided at all cost)
        i. If you get hit take the damage and do not argue it.
        j. If you reach 0 hitpoints you will take out and visibly display 
        your red ribbon and directly proceed to go to cemetary without doing,
        saying, or moving a thing.
        k. If you die you will drop all weapons and stakes!
        l. If you are getting low on hit points by damage you may surrender.
        To surrender just take ou your white ribbon and hold it.  If an opponent takes one out you must                                    stop attacking them for any further attacks are nullified. The surrendering player must then follow the other person

 silently back to thier base (no talking). If at any time the captive drops white ribbon or talks or runs away the jailor may then attack the opponent. If one surrenders that player must drop all weapons and stakes. These may be used by the jailor. Once t

he person has been taken back to the jailors base that person must remain there in silence. If a member of the prisoners team manages to touch them they are free to leave and put the white ribbon away. Furthermore if there is a prisoner in a base there mu

st also be a jailor present. If a prisoner is left alone the prisoner may try to escape from the base and take a stake with. If the jailor is killed the same may happen except that there may be a stake taken from both the prisoner and the team member.
	
5. Setup
-Seperate into teams.
-Each team pick a leader.
-Give out four socks to each leader.
-Give out wistle to each leader.
-Designate cemetary for dead players to go to. Usually near the parkinglot or where the entrance to the park is.
-Designate a time to stop.
-Designate a signal to signify for everybody to return to cemetary. (like a car horn honked five times.) This signal is to designate an emergency call back and end of game. And must not be abused. If player hears this sound drop all conflicts and rush bac

k to the car. The signal can be use to also signify victory.
-Next thing each player takes inventory and declares weapons that are in play.  Any onthers will not count in play.
-Make sure each player has a red and white ribbon.
-Now each team goes out and finds a base. And signals thier noise maker with one long blast when they have set up base.
Play may now commence.

6. Bases
A base is a teams home. It consists of four socks or stakes or ribbons. A base may only be a square with no more than 10' between ribbon. Each ribbon signifies a corner of base. Set up bases by tying your sock to the nearest tree, or if using stakes place

 each stake 10 feet accross and form a square. This is your teams base. 
-The Purpose of bases...
Bases are a safe zone for the side that they belong to. They are also a goal to be stolen by the other teams.
OPTIONAL-  Bases may be a place of healing. Any alive damaged player may try to make it to base. If the player succeeds in making it back they may rest in base and heal 1 pont per ten minits.
This must not be abused or cheated upon and strickly optional to the players by a vote.

-Stealing Bases (no not in the baseball sense)
The object of the game is to try to steal the other teams base one stake at a time.
Only one stake may be carried by a player at a time.
Each time a base is taken that base is reduced.
4 stakes = a square base
3 stakes = a triangular base
2 stakes = a linear base ( safe = between stakes)
1 stake = a single point base (safe = touching stake)
A team is only safe if within thier base.
If an opponent succeeds in taking a stake that oponent must then make it back to thier own base and add that stake to thier own base. Thus increasing it by another ten feet.
5 stakes = a pentagonal base
6 stakes = a hexagonal base
7 stakes = a setpogonal base
8 stakes = a octogonal base

It is up to the each team to get back stakes and replace thier bases. 

-A few rules about bases...
No one may be damaged while in thier own base. However an enemy may try to force an opponent out of base by killing that player. This is done by pushing, grabbing, and/or carrying the defender out of thier base. Once out the player may be killed. If attac

ker is killed while doing so the player must go to cemetary and stay there until the end of the game. 

7. Winning the game...
The game is over once either of the following has been achieved.
A. All players on all sides have been killed. Leaving one last surviving team.
B. All of the other teams stakes including the victors stakes have been taken back to cemetary
C. All of the teams members have been captured by surrender.
Once either of these has happened sound the signal to end play and return to cemetary.

8. Disputes
If there is ever a dispute between players the players may proclaim right of dispute. 
How to carry out right of dispute.
1. Claim it. (if alive and not a prisoner) " I claim right of dispute!"
2. Players involved then must stop doing what they were. (play is timed-out)
3. Player then drops all weapons and thier white ribbon in the spot they were standing. 
(while in dispute no disputing players may be attacked)
4. Each player then proceeds meet each other half way between them selves.
5. Each player (the proclaimer first) states what the dispute is about.
6. Each player (the challenged first) states what they desire as an outcome or as conditions to be carried out once there has been a settlement by flip of the coin.
7. The proclaimer then takes out thier penny and asks the challenged which they want either heads or tails.
8. The proclaimer then flips the coin and trys to catch it. The side facing up when the palm is released is the winner. If it falls to the ground the proclaimer forfiets his flipping and the other player may ask the question and re flip the coin.
9. The winner then gets the stated outcome and the other must abide by it.
10. At this point each player returns to thier pile and takes up arms and white ribbons.  Once the ribbon has been picked up that person is now a target and game play resumes.

If there is any real damage done to a person by a player thet player must do the right thing and pay for it!



Author Of Virtual Virtual Reality RPG  ____ 
http://www.ncw.net/~garwood             \\\\
                                      \_////
/|\  John Garwood              _^_       \ |  
 |   garwood@ncw.net          (___)       \ \   R E A C H I N G
\|>  L.L.&P.  Kap'la          /   \        \ \  Out through CyberSpace
