The Rod of Pacts



New Magical Items:

The Stave Of Mind:  Usable only by Wizards, this rod has three
minor powers and one major power.  The minor powers may be used
once per day, while the major power may be used once per week. 
This staff is made of obsidian formed into a helical shape.  At
its tip is a large ruby.

Minor Powers:

ESP:  This has a range of 90 yards, and a duration of 10 rounds.

Know Alignment:  Duration 5 rounds, range 10 yards.

Friends:  Duration is 1d4+10 rounds.

Major Power:

Mass Emotion:  Cast in a 500' x 500' cube, centered on Stave.



The Stave Of Body:  Usable only by Warriors and Rogues, this rod
has the same number of uses as above.  It is crafted of wrought
iron in a helical shape.  At its tip is a rosy pearl.  Its
powers follow.

Minor Powers:

Strength:  Duration is 5 hours.

Ray of Enfeeblement:  Range is 65 yards, and duration is 10
rounds.

Jump:  Duration is 1d3+8 rounds.

Major Powers:

Polymorph:  The duration is 15 turns.



The Stave Of Soul:  Is usable only by priests, and has the same
number of uses as the two above.  It is crafted of fine silver
and is shaped in a helix.  It is topped with an exquisite
diamond.  Its powers follow.

Minor Powers:

Chant:  This lasts as long as the wielder of the rod holds it
aloft and concentrates.

Augury:  Is of limited power.

Aid:  Duration is 10 rounds.

Major Powers:

Wizard Eye:  The duration is 10 rounds, the movement rate is 50'
per round.



The Rod Of Pacts:  This is a highly powerful magical item when
wielded by a Wizard.  When the three staves described above are
combined as one, the Rod of Pacts is formed.  It has all of the
powers of the three Staves that it is comprised of, as well as
the ability to cast the spell, Bind Demon Lord, once per week. 
In addition, the Rod acts as an astrolabe of imprisonment in the
hands of a sha'ir, but then the genie wizard may not use the
Bind Demon Lord power.  The rod has no intelligence, and has no
power over it wielder.  It is believed that it was created by
the gods as a test for mortal beings who might try to wield its
power.



Bind Demon Lord

This power forces a Demon Lord to make a save vs. spells (-4 due
to the rod's power) or be bound to the rod wielder's will.  The
demon must do one deed for the caster and then return to its
home plane without harming the caster.  This can be very
dangerous to the caster if the demon twists his command's intent
or if it later has a chance for revenge.

Astrolabe of Imprisonment

This item forces a genie or similar elemental spirit to make a
save vs. spells (-4 due to the rod's power) or be drawn into and
imprisoned within the rod.  The wielder of the rod will then be
able to negotiate the terms of the beings release.  The risks
inherent in binding a demon also apply to this power.  If the
rod is separated into its parts while a spirit is contained, the
being is ejected into it home plane.  Only one spirit may be so
contained at a time.

