Magical spells of levels 7-9 for AD&D-

Welcome to yet another AD&D help file brought to you by Pendragon Productions.
This file brings to you 7th to 9th level spells for your mage who by this
point in time should be close to all powerful.  These spells will help to
make him that way.  If you like what you see and want more, consider a 
donation.  For $3 or more we will send back to you a list of 5 spells each
of levels 7-9.  Send donations to:
Pendragon Productions
c/o John Marchetti
PO Box 8147
Foster City  CA  94404
Now enjoy these fine spells...

7th level-

Hellstorm (Evocation)
Range:100 yards
Components:V,S,M
Duration:3 rounds
Casting Time:1 round
Area of effect: 50' by 50' square
Saving Throw" 1/2

This spell shoots forth from the hands of the caster a red glowing cloud
that fills the area of effect.  This cloud for the duration of the spell
shoots down bolts of fire at up to 20 targets regardless of their size.  
All targets must save vs spells or take 2d8 fire damage.  The targets may
be chosen by the mage at his discrestion.  Note that each round that goes by
a new set of fire bolts are shot down from the cloud.  The material component
of this spell is a ruby worth at least 3000gp that is consumed into the cloud
as the spell is cast.

Freezing Rain (Evocation)
Range:30 yards
Components:V,S
Duration:8 rounds
Casting Time:3
Area of Effect:30' by 30' square
Saving Throw:Neg

This spell summons forth a cloud of freezing rain that falls over everyone
in the area of effect.  Each round that the rain falls on the area of effect
all within must save vs spells or take 1d6 damage from the severe coldness
of the water.  Creatures that are water based do not take any damage and in
fact heal 1d4 points per round.  Any metal items must save vs magic or they
will rust within two hours.

Orb of Light (Conjuration/Summoning)
Range:0
Components:V,S
Duration:1 hour/5 levels
Casting Time:1
Area of Effect:140' circle
Saving Throw: None

This spell baths the caster and all who are around him in a circle of 
glowing light that cannot be extinguished by any magical darkness spell
of lower level.  This spell is in all other regards the same as the spell
continual light.

8th level-

Rotting Flesh (Necromancy)
Range: Touch
Components:V,S
Duration:Instant
Casting Time:2
Area of Effect:1 creature
Saving Throw:Neg

This spell, upon a successful to hit in combat using the mage's hand, casts a 
magical disease onto his opponent.  If the opponent does not save vs
spells then the flesh of the creature starts to peel off and at the end 
of three rounds the creature is completely fleshless and dead.  Only a
cure disease spell or wish can reverse the process.

Phantom Wolf (Illusion)
Range: 120 yards
Components:V,S
Duration: Special
Casting Time:1 round
Area of Effect: 1 or more creatures
Saving Throw: Neg

This powerful illusion summons forth a huge wolf the size of a small dragon.
All who see this must save vs spells to disbelieve.  All who do not save
are subject to automatic hits by the wolf each round they do not save.  The
damage from the wolf's bite is 3d6.  The wolf has one attack per round per
person who does not save.

8th level-

Wall of Flesh (Necromancy)
Range:15 yards
Components:V,S
Duration:1 hour/level
Casting Time:2 rounds
Area of Effect:10'thick by 50'tall by 40'long
Saving Throw:Neg

This spell creates a wall of stacked pieces of flesh.  A strong odor
permeates from this flesh and any creature that smells this odor passes
out for the duration of the spell unless they make their save vs spells.
The wall of flesh cannot be cut through except by weapons of +3 enchantment
or higher.  

Demon Slime (Necromancy)
Range:20 yards
Components:V,S,M
Duration:Instant
Casting Time:1 round
Area of Effect:1 creature
Saving Throw:Neg

This spell creates a glob of slime in the hands of the caster.  He can
than hurl the glob at any one creature he chooses.  If the glob succesfully
hits, the creature must save vs spells or be dissolved into a pile of
slime.  No ressurection is possible.  The material component of this spell
is a piece of green slime that is dead.

9th level-

Fendor's Finger Fireballs (Evocation)
Range:300 yards
Components:V,S
Duration:Instant
Casting Time:5
Area of Effect:10 creatures
Saving Throw:1/2

This powerful spell summons one minature fireball from each finger of
the caster, up to a total of ten.  Each fireball may be shot at one target
or up to ten independent targets.  Any target hit must save vs spells or
take 4d6 damage per fireball.

Tail of Power (Evocation)
Range:0
Components:V,S
Duration:2 rounds
Casting Time:3
Area of Effect:5' in front of caster
Saving Throw: None

This spell creates a powerful whip of energy that the spellcaster can
swing back and forth in front of him.  Any creature struck by this whip
takes 10d8 damage from the blow of the energy and is stunned for 2d10 
rounds.

Northern Light (Evocation)
Range:50 yards
Components:V,S
Duration:1 round
Casting Time:1 round
Area of Effect: 50' by 50'
Saving Throw:Special

This spell was created by Kelmor and a wild mage.  It gathers power from
the caster when he is outside and under stars.  When the caster is surrounded
by enemies and cast this spell, 2d20 is rolled.  The number rolled corresponds
to the number of bolts of light that shoot down from the stars.  Each bolt
strikes one enemy.  If the enemy is under 5HD they are destroyed without
any save.  If the enemy is 5HD or more they save vs spells to avoid
destruction. If they save they take only 2d20 damage from the bolt.


Pendragon Productions Catalog

Pendragon Productions is a new shareware company dedicated to providing
the best in quality shareware entertainment.  Pendragon Productions plans
on bringing you many quality products over the next several months.  Listed
below are some of our upcoming products as well as projected release dates.
Note that some of these products will have a registration fee that will
give you certain benefits with that particular product.  The rest of
our products will be free and hopefully of great enjoyment to you.  If you
have any questions, comments, or suggestions feel free to get in touch
with us in one of the following manners:

Internet address:JOHNM81593@AOL.COM
America Online address:JOHNM81593
Compuserve address:76150,3330
Prodigy Address:DVPN74A
Mailing address:  Pendragon Productions
		  c/o John Marchetti
		  PO Box 8147
		  Foster City, CA  94404
BBS Number: Reality's Edge BBS-coming soon!!!
FAX Number:415-571-6936

Thank you once again for taking the time to investigate what we have to 
offer.  Now check out what we have coming up:

-Advanced Dungeons & Dragons support files:

	-Elvish Swords-a list of magical swords forged by elves that
	 would make the finest elvish warrior drool.  
	 Release date: Released
	-Dwarvish Weapons-a list of magical dwarvish weapons that will
	 split the skull of even the toughest orc.
	 Release date: Released
	-Dwarvish Armor-a list of magical dwarvish armor forged to protect
	 the most stubborn race in existence.
	 Release date: Released 
	-Elvish Armor-a list of magical elvish armor that will make your
	 elf the prettiest on the block
	 Release date: Released
	-Magical Items-a list of items of varying shapes and sizes that
	 will make all of your monsters' treasure troves complete.
	 Release date:last week of May 1994
	-Magical Spells-some 1st to 3rd level spells that will make your
	 wimpy mages live a little bit longer.
	 Release date: Released 
	-Magical Spells II-some 4th to 6th level spells that will boost
	 the confidence of your wizard.
	 Release date: Released
	-Magical Spells III-some 7th to 9th level spells that will rock
	 the world your wizard lives in.
	 Release date: Released
-Advanced Dungeons & Dragons modules:
	-Cave of Wonders & Death-a mid level (7th to 10th)adventure that will 
	  test the skills of your characters and reward them well if they survive 
	  and flay them alive if they fail.
	  Release date:third week of May 1994
	-Lair of the Wyrm-a high level adventure (11th to 20th) in which
	 the characters must free the land from the power of a ancient red
	 dragon.
	 Release date:last week of July 1994
-Tracks for Stunts:
	-Set One-a dozen tracks for the driving game Stunts that will test
	 your skill as a driver
	 Release date:last week of May 1994
	-Set Two-another dozen tracks for Stunts.
	 Release date:last week of July 1994
	-Set Three-yet another dozen tracks for Stunts.
	 Release date:last week of September 1994
-Misc. Products:
	-Legacy of Arthur-a module for SSI's Unlimited Adventures loosely 
	 based on Arthurian legends.  
	 Release date:second week of August 1994
	-Five Towers of Astonia-a graphic role playing adventure that uses
	 VGA graphics and Soundblaster support to put you into a mythical 
	 world where you must conquer evil.
	 Release date:last week of December 1994
	-Psycho Dance-a text and graphic adventure where you take a trip
	 to the farside of reality as you play the role of a psycho who
	 kidnaps young women to dance with them.  This game features over
	 100 digitized photos with real actors.  This game will have a 
	 voluntary rating of R due to it's adult situations.
	 Release date:first week of October 1994
	-RADS-a paper and pencil military strategy game starting with
	 the development of continents on a map.  You will make allies,
	 build cities, produce weaponry, and pray for survival.
	 Release date:third week of September 1994

We hope that you look forward to our diverse selection of products.  
Pendragon Productions looks forward to helping you to satisfy your gaming
needs.

	
