1:1

Affect Normal Fire

Alteration  
Level:  1  
Range:  5 yards/level  
Components: V, S
Duration:  2 rounds/level
Casting Time: 1
Area of Effect:   10-foot radius
Saving Throw: None
Reference:  PHB, page 131
Color Sphere: Brown
Runes: 10-49-A

 This spell enables the wizard to cause
 nonmagical fires-from as small as a torch
 or lantern to as large as the area or effect
 to reduce in size and brightness to become 
 mere coals, or increase in light to become as
 bright as full daylight and increase illumina-
 tion to double the normal radius, Note that
 this does not affect either fuel consumption
 or damage caused by the fire, The caster can
 affect any or all fires in the spell's area. He
 can alter their intensities with a single ges-
 ture as long as the spell is in effect. The spell
 lasts until the caster cancels it, all fuel is
 burned, or the duration expires, The caster
 can also extinguish all flames in the area,
 which expends the spell immediately. The
 spell does not affect fire elementals or simi
 lar creatures.



2:1

Alarm

Abjuration, Evocation
Level: 1
Range: 10 yards
Components: V, S, M
DurationL 4 hours + 1/2 hour/level
Casting Time: 1 round
Area of Effect: Up to 20-foot Cube
Saving Throw: None
Reference: PHB, page 131
Color Sphere: Pink with red bands
Runes: 41-46-51-A

 When an alarm spell is cast, the wizard
use a selected area to react to the presen
ce of any creature larger than a normal
rat anything larger than about one-half
cubic foot in volume or more than about
three pounds in weight. The area of effect
can be a portal, a setion of floor, stairs, etc.
As soon as any creature enters the warded
area, touches it, or otherwise contacts it
without speaking a password established by
the caster, the alarm spell lets out a loud
ringing that can be heard clearly within a 64-
foot radius.(Reduce the radius by 10 feet
for each interosing door and by 20 feet fo
each substantial interposing wall.) Th
sound lasts for one roumd and then cease
Ethereal or astrally projected creature a
not trig an alarm, but flying or levitatin
creatures, invisible creatur, or incorore
or gaseous creatures do, The caster can dis
miss the alarm with a single word.
The material components of this spell ai
a tiny bell and a piece of very fine silver
wire. 

3:1

Armor

Conjuration
Level:         1
Range:         Touch
Compnonents:   V , S, M
Duration:      Special
Casting time:  1 round
Are of Effect: 1 creature
Saving Throw:  None
Reference:     HB, page 131
Color Sphere: White
Runes: 41-46-51-A

 By means of this spell, the winard create
a mgical field of force that serves as if it
were scale mail armor (AC 6). The spell has
no effect on a person already armored, on a
creature wth Armor Clas 6 or better. It is
not cumulative with the shield spell, but it  
cumulative with Dexterity and, in the case   
of warrior/wizard, with the shield bonus
The armor spell does not hinder movement
add no weit or encumbrance, and doe
not prevent spell casting. It lasts until suc
cessfully dispelled or until the wearer sus
tains cumulative damage totaling greater
tha 8 points plus 1 point per level of th
caster. (It is important to note that the ar
mor does not absorb this damage. The armor
merely grants an Ac of 6; the wearet
stills suffers full damage from any successful
attacks.) Thus, the wearer it take 8
points from an attack, then several minutes
later sustain  an additional a point of damage.
Unless the spell were cast by a wizard of 2nd
level or higher, it would be dispelled at
this time. Until it is dispelled, the armor
spell grants the wearer full benefits of the
armor class gained.
The material component is a piece of finely
cured leather that has been blessed by a
priest.

4:1

 Lasting breath

 Alteration
 Level:             1
 Range:             5 yards/level
 Components:        V, S
 Duration:          1d4 rounds + 1 round/level
 Casting Time:      1
 Area of Effect:    1 creature/level
 Saving Throw:      None
 Reference:         TOM, page 19
 Color Sphere: Brown
 Runes:

 This spell increase the amount of time
 character can hold his breath. As described
 in the Player's Handbook, a character can
 hold his breath for a number of rounds
 equal to one-third of his Constitution score
 The effect of this spell is added to that
 figure.
 The duration of the spell is aways unknown
 to the recipient; the DM secretly
 rolls 1d4 to determine the exact duration. At
 the end of this time, the charact must succeed
 a Constitution check or be forced to
 take a breath as per the rules.

5:1

Burning Hands

Alteration
Level:           1
Range:           0
Components:      V, S
Duration:        Instantaneous
Casting Time:    1
Area of Effect:  The caster
Saving Throw:    1/2
Reference:       PHB, page 131
Color Sphere: Brown
Runes: 49-105-A

 When the wizard casts this spell, a jet of
searing flame shoots from his fingetips. His
hands must be held so as to send forth a fan-
like sheet of flames: the wizard's thumbs
must touch each other and fingers must be
spread. The burning hands send out flame
jets five feet in length, in a horizontal arc of
about 120 degrees in front of the wizard.
any creature in the area of flames suffers
1d3 points of damage, pus 2 points for each
level of experience of the spellcaster, to a
maximum of 1d3 + 20 points of fire damage
Those successfully saving vs. spell recieve
half damage. Flammabhe materials touched by
the fire burn (e.g., cloth, paper, parchment,
thin woodm etc.) Such materials can be 
extinguished in the next round if no other
action is taken.6:1

Mending

Alteration
Level:              1
Range:              30 yards
Components:         V, S, M
Duration:           Permanent
Casting Time:       1
Area of Effect:     One Object
Saving Throw:       None
Reference:          PHB, page 136
Color Sphere: Green
Runes: 44-102-A

 This spell repairs small breaks or tears in
objects. It will weld a broken ring, chain
link, medallion, or slender dagger, providing
but one break esists. Ceramic or wooden
obiects with multiple breaks can be invisibly
rejoined to be as strong as new.  A hole in
a leather sack or wineskin is completely healed
over by a mending spell. This spell will not,
by itself, repair magical items of any type.
One turn after the spell is cast, the magic
of the joining fades, and the effect cannot
be magically dispelled. The maximum volume
of material the caster can mend is one cubic
foot per level.
 The material components of this spell are
two small magnets of any type (lodestone in
all likeltood) or two burrs.

7:1

Jump

Alteration
Level:                1
Range:                Touch
Components:           V, S, M
Duration:             1d3 rounds + 1
                      round/level
Casting Time:         1
Area of Effect:       Creature touched
Saving Throw:         None
Reference:            PHB, pages 135-136
Color Sphere: Green
Runes: n11-19-200-A

The individual touched when this spell is
cast is e mpowered to leap once per round
for the duration of the spell.Leaps can be
up to 30 feet forward or straight upward or
10 feet backward. Horizontal leaps forard or
backward have only a slight arc-about two
feet per 10 feet of distance traveled. The
Jump spell do not insure safety in landing
or grasping at the end of the leap.
The material component of this spell is a
grasshopper's hind leg, to be broken by the
caster when the spell is cast.

8:1

Shield

Evocation
Level:                 1
Range:                 0
Components:            V, S
Duration:              5 rounds/level
Casting Time:          1
Area of Effect:        Special
Saving Throw:          None
Reference:             PHB, page 137  
Color Sphere: Red
Runes: 4-105-A

When this spell is cast, an invisible barrier
comes into being in front of the wizard. This
shield totally negates magic missile attacks.
provides tbe equivaient of AC 2 against
hand-hurled missiles (axes, darts, javelins,
spears, ete.), AC 3 against small device
propelled missiles (arrows, bolts, bullets,
manticore spikes, sling stones, etc.), and
AC 4 against all other forms of attack. The
shield also adds a + 1 bonus to the wizard's
saving throws against attacks that are
basically frontal. Note that these benefits
apply only if the attacks originate from in
front of wizard, where the shieid can move
to in interpose itself.

9:1

Shocking Grasp

Alteration
Level:                 1
Range:                 Touch
Components:            V, S
Duration:              Special
Casting Time:          1
Area of Effect:        Creature touched
Saving Throw:          None
Reference:             PHB, page 137
Color Sphere: Green
Runes: 6-103-A

 When the wizard casts this spell, he 
develops a powerful electrical charge that
gives a jolt to the creature touched. The
spell remains ln effect for one round per
level of the caster or until it is discharged
by the caster touching another creature. The
shocking grasp delivers 1d8 points of damage,
plus 1 point per level of the wizard
(e.g., a 2nd-level wizard would discharge a
shock causing 1d8 + 2 points of damage).
While the wizard must come chose enough
to his opponent to lay a hand on the opponent's
body or upon an electrical conductor that
touches the opponent's body, a like touch
from the opponent does not discharge
the spell.

10:1

Ventriloquism

Illusion/Phantasm
Level:                1
Range:                10 yards/level
                      maximum 90 yards
Components:           V, M
Duration:             4 rounds + 1
                      round/level
Casting Time:         1
Area of Effect:       One creature or object
Saving Throw:         Special
Reference:            PHB, page 139
Color Sphere: Grey
Runes: 19-51-A

 This spell enables the wizard to make his
voice or someone's voice or a similar
sound seem to issue from someplace else,
such as from another creature, a statue,
fromn behind a door, down a passge, etc.
The spellcaster can speak in any language
that he knows, or make any sound that he
can normally make. With respect to such
voices and sounds anyone rolling a successful
Saving throw vs. spell with a -2 penalty
detects the ruse. If cast in conjunction with
other illusions, the DM may make geater
penalties or disallow an independent saving
throw against this spell in consideration of
the contribution to the total effect of the
combined illusion.
 The material component of the is spell is a
parchment rolled up into a small cone.




11:1

Fire Burst

Alteration, Evocation
Level:                 1
Range:                 5 yards/level
Components:            V, S
Duration:              Instantaneous
Casting Time:          1
Area of Effect:        One 10-foot-radius
                       circle
Saving Throw:          Negates
Reference:             TOM, page 17
Color Sphere: Brown
Runes:

When this spell is cast upon a nonmagical
fire (such as a campfire, latern, or candle),
itcauses the fire to flash and shoot arrows
of flame. All creatures within 10 feet of the
fire source suffer 1 point of dmage per level
of the caster (maximum of 10 points). Victims
who roll a saving throw successfully suffer
no damage,

12:1

Hold Portal

Alteration
Level:                 1
Range:                 20 yards/level
Components:            V
Duration:              1 round/level
Casting Time:          1
Are of Effect:         20 square feet/level
Saving Throw:          None
Reference:             PHB, page 135
Color Sphere: Green
Runes: 42-102-A

 This spell magically bars a door, gate, or
valve of wood, metal, or stone. The magical
closure holds the portal fast, just as if it
were securely closed and locked. Only extra
planar creature (djinn, elemental, etc.) with
four or more Hit Dice can shatter the spell
and burst open the portal. A wizard of four
or more experiemce levels higher than the
spellcaster can open the held poral at will.
A knock spell or successful dispel magic
spell can negate the hold portal, Held portals
can be broken or physically battered down.

13:1

Fist of Stone

Alteration
Level:                1
Range:                0
Components:           V, S
Duration:             1 round/level
Casting Time:         1
Arae of Effect:       The caster's hand
Saving Throw:         None
Reference:            TOM, page 17            
Color Sphere: Brown
Runes:

  Upon completion of this spell, one of the
caster's hands (his choice) turns to stone. It
is flexible and can be used to punch, smash,
or crush objects and opponents as if the wizard
had a strength of 18/00. Combat bonuses for
strength do not apply if the caster uses
a weapon other than his fist.
  While the spell is in effect, the wizard can't
cast spells requiring somatic components.

14:1

Confuse Languages

Alteration
Level:                 1
Range:                 Touch
Components:            V, S, M
Duration:              5 rounds/level
Casting Time:          1 round
Area of Effect:        1 speaking creature or 
                       1 written object
Saving Throw:          None
Reference:             PHB, page 133
Color Sphere: Purple
Runes: 30-5-A  reversed

  This spell is the reverse of the comprehend
languages spell, and will cancel that
spell when cast.  Otherise, it rendes writing
or a creature's speeh incomprehensible
for five rounds per level of tbe caster. The
wizard must touch the creature or the writing
in order to cast this spell.
  The material components of this spell are
pinch of soot and a few grains of salt.
15:1

Change Self

Illusion/Phantasm
Level:                    1
Range:                    0
Components:               V, S
Duration:                 2d6 rounds + 2
                          rounds/level
Casting Time:             1
Area of Effect;           The caster
Saving Throw:             None
Reference:                PHB, page 132                   
Color Sphere: Grey
Runes: 52-105-A

   This spell enables the wizard to alter the
  appearance of his form-including clothing
  and eqipment-to appear one foot shorter
  or taller; thin, fat, or in between; human,
  humanoid, or any other generally man-shaped
  bipedel creature. The caster canot
  dupicate a specific individual. The spell
  does not provide the abilities or mannerisms
  of the cosen form. The duration of the
  spell is 2d6 rounds pus 2 additionl rounds
  per level of experience of the spellcaster.
  The DM may allow a saving throw for disbeleif
  under certain circumstances, for example,
  the caster acts in a mannen obviously
  inconsistent with his chosen race. The spell
  does not alter the percieved tactile (i.e.,
  touch) properties of the caster or his equipment,
  and the ruse can be discovered in this way.


16:1

Audible Gamer

Illusion/Phantasm
Level:                  1
Range:                  60 yards + 10
                        yards/level
Components:             V, S, M
Duration:               3 rounds/ level
Casting Time:           1
Area of Effect:         Hearing Range
Saving Throw:           Special
Reference:              PHB, Page 131                 
Color Sphere: Grey
Runes: 10-51-A

  When the audible glamer spell is cast, the
 wizard causes a volume of sound to arise, at
 whatever distance he desires (within range),
 and seem to recede, approach, or remain at
 a fixed place as desired. The volume of
 sound created, however, is directly related
 to the level of the spellcaster, The volume is
 base upon the lowest level at which the
 spell can be cast, 1st level. The noise of the
 audible glamer at this level is that of four
 men, maximum, Each additional experience
 level of the wizard adds a like volume, so
 that at 2nd level the wizard can have the
 spell cause sound equal to that of eight men.
 Thus, talking, singing, shouting, walking,
 marching, or running sounds can be created.
 The auditor illusion created by an
 audible glamer spell can be virtually any
 type of sound, but the relative volume must
 be commensurate with the level of the wizard
 casting the spell. A borde of rats running
 and soueakiag is about the same volume
 as eight men running and shouting,
 A roaring lion is equal to the noise volume
 of 16 men, whiie a roaring dmgon is equal
 to the noise volume of no fewer than 24 
  men.
  A character stating that he do not believe
 the sound receives a saving throw, and
 if it succeeds, the character then hears a
 faint and obviously false sound, emanating
 from the caster's direction. Note that this
 spell can enhance the effectiveness of the
 phantasmal force spell.
  The material component of the spell is a
 bit of wool or a small lump of wax.





17:1

Chill Touch

Necromancy
Level:                  1
Range:                  0
Components:             V, S
Duration:               3 rounds + 1
                        round/level
Casting Time:           1
Area of Effect:         The Caster
Saving Throw:           Negates
Reference:              PHB, page 132
Color Sphere: Black
Runes: 39-103-A

 When the caster completes this spell, a
blue glow encompasses his hand. This energy
attacks the lifeforce of any living creature
upon which the wizard makes a successful
melee attack. The creature touched
must roll a successful saving throw vs.
spell or take 1d4 points of damage and lose
1 point of strength. If the save is successful,
the creature remains unharmed. Creatures
not rated for Strength suffer a -1 penalty to
their attach rolls for ever other successful
touch. Lost strengtb returns at the rate of 1
point per hour. Damage must be cured magically
or healed naturally
 This spell has a special effect on undead
creatures, undead touched by the caster
suffer no damage or strength loss, but must
successfully save vs. spell or flee for 1d4e
rounds plus 1 round per lievel of the caster.

18:1

Conjure Spell Component

Conjuration/Summoning
Level:           1
Range:           1 mile/level
Components:      V,S
Duration:        1 round
Casting Time:    1
Area of Effect:  3 components/level
Saving Throw:    None
Reference:       TOM, page 17
Color Sphere: White
Runes:
 
         When this spell is cast, the wizard teleports
 desired items directly to his hand. The objects must be
 naturally occuring components for spells the wizard
 knows and they must be within spell range. The components
 must be items commonly found in the area, such as a twig,
 feather, firefly, or bit of beeswax in the forest.
         If the components lie underground or underwater
 at a depth greater than 10 feet, they cannot be conjured,
 even if the caster is at a similar depth (such as in a
 cavern or at the bottom of a lake).
         The spell will not cause the appearance of
 components whose value exceeds 1 gp. Thus, it is impossible
 to summon gemstones, crystals, metals, pearls, etc.
 Additionally, components cannot be manmade or altered from
 their natural state (coins, jewelry, cut or crushed gems,
 mirrors, etc.), nor can they be taken from someone else's
 possession.
         A single conjure spell component spell will summon
 three components per level of the caster. They may be three
 different components or multiples of a single component.
         Attempts to conjure an animals body parts (such as
 bat fur) produce unpredictable results. The DM shouls roll
 on the table below.
 
         D4
        Roll     Result
 
         1       Desired component appears.
         2       Component does not appear.
         3       Creature is teleported to the caster.
         4       Caster is teleported to the creature.
 
         Only animals with Intelligence scores of 1-4 can be
 affected by this spell. Humanoids and fantastic animals
 (dragons, bugbears, unicorns, etc.)  cannot be affected.
         In all cases, the DM must use common sense to
 determine the likelihood of the component being within spell range.
 
 
More responses; continue [Yes]? 19:1

Wall of Fog

Evocation
Level:                  1
Range:                  30 yards
Components:             V, S, M
Duration:               2d4 rounds + 1
                        round/level
Casting Time:           1
Area of Effect:         20-foot cube +
                        10-foot cube/level
Saving Throw:           None
Reference:              PHB, page 139
Color Sphere: Red
Runes: 45-36-A

  By casting this spell, the wizard creates a
billowing wall of misty vapors in any area 
within the spell range.  The wall of fog obsures
all sight, normal and infravision, beyond two
feet.  The caster can create less vapor if he
wishes.  The wall must be a roughly cubic or
rectangular mass, at least 10 feet wide in its
smallest dimension.  The misty vapors perist for
three or more rounds.  Their duration can be halved
by a moderate wind, and they can be blown away by
a strong wind.
  The material component is a pinch of split dried
peas.20:1

Erase

Alteration
Range:                 30 yards
Components:            V, S
Duration:              Permanent
Casting Time:          1
Area of Effect:        1 scroll or two pages
Saving Throw:          Special
Reference:             PHB, page 134
Color Sphere: Purple
Runes: n27-100-A

  The erase spell removes writings of either magical
or mundane nature from a scroll or one or two pages
of paper, parchment, or similiar surfaces.  It removes
explosive runes, glyphs of warding, sepia snake sigils,
and wizard marks, but it does not remove illusory script
or symbols. Nonmagical writings are automatically erased
if the caster is touching them, otherwise the chance for
success is 90%.  Magical writings must be touched and are
only 30% likely to be erased, plus 5% per caster level, to
a maximum of 90% *e.g., 35% for a 1st-level caster, 40% for
a 2nd-level caster, etc.) 21:1

Metamorphose Liquids

Alteration
Level:          1
Range:          Touch
Components:     V, S, M
Duration:       Permanent
Casting Time:   1 round
Area of Effect: 1'-cube/ level
Saving Throw:   Special
Reference:      TOM, page 19
Color Sphere: Brown
Runes:
 
         This spell transmutes one type of liquid into
 an equal amount of a different, non-magical fluid (water,
 wine, blood, apple cider, etc.). The caster must touch the
 fluid itself (not simply its container) for the spell to
 take effect.
         Magical liquids (such as potions) recieve a saving
 throw vs. disintegration with a +3 bonus to avoid the
 spell's effect. Fluids can be transmuted only into
 nonmagical liquids; it is not possible to change a
 magical liquid into another type of magical liquid.
 Poisons may be rendered harmless through use of this
 spell, but the spell has no effect on poisons already
 consumed.
         Living creatures are unaffected by the spell,
 excluding those from the elemental plane of water. Such
 creatures are allowed a saving throw vs. spell. Failure
 results in 1d4 points of damage per level of the caster,
 while success indicates half damage. Only one creature can
 be affected by a single casting of this spell, regardless
 of the creatures size.
         The material component ia a drop of the liquid that
 the caster intends to create, which must be placed on the
 wizards tongue and consumed. Creating poisons through the
 use of this spell is especially dangerous.
22:1


Murdock's Feathery Flyer

Alteration 
Range:          0
Components:     V, S, M
Duration:       1 round/ level
Casting Time:   1
Area of Effect: The caster
Saving Throw:   None
Reference: TOM, pages 19,20
Color Sphere: Brown
Runes:
 
         Upon casting this spell, a feathery membrane
 grows under the wizard's arms, extending along his
 sides all the way to his feet. The membrane appears
 to merge with the caster's skin and clothing.
         If the caster spreads his arms and jumps from
 a height, he may glide through the air. For each foot
 of elevation, the wizard can glide five feet horizontally.
 Thus, a wizard jumping from a 10-foot wall could glide up
 to 50 feet. Gliding characters have a movement rate of 12
 and Maneuverability Class E.
         A wizard attempting to carry more than his normal
 weight allowance plummets to the earth upon takeoff.
         When the spell expires, the feathers instantly
 disappear. If the wizard is airborne, he immediately
 plummets toward the ground.
         The material component is an eagle's feather.

 
Respond or pass> 23:1

Nystul's Magical Aura

Illusion/Phantasm
Level:                 1
Range:                 Touch
Component:             V, S, M
Duration:              1 day/level
Casting Time:          1 round
Area of Effect:        Special
Saving Throw:          Special
Reference:             PHB, pages 136,137
Color Sphere: Grey
Runes: 52-29-A

  By means of this spell, any one item of five pounds
weight per level of the caster can be given an aura
that is noticed by someone using magic detection. 
Futhermore, the caster can specify the type of magical aura
that is detected 9alteration, conjuration, etc.), and this
effectively masks the item's actual aura, if any, unless
the item's own aura is exceptionally powerful ( if it is
an artifact, for instance).  If the object bearing Nystul's
magic aura has an identify spell cast upon it or is
similiarly examined, the examiner has a 50% chance of
recognizing that the aura has been place to mislead the
unwary.  Otherwise, the aura is believed and no amount of
testing reveals what the magic is.
  The component for this spell is a small square of silk,
which must be passed over the object that recieves the
aura.24:1

Gaze Reflection

Alteration
Level:                1
Range:                0
Components:           V, S
Duration:             2 rounds + 1
                      round/level
Casting Time:         1
Area of Effect:       Special
Saving Throw:         None
Reference:            PHB, page 135
Color Sphere: Green
Runes: 20-35-A

  The gaze reflection spell creates a shimmering
mirror-like area o air before the wizard that
moves with him.  Any gaze attack, such as that of
a basilisk, the eyes of charming, a vampire's gaze,
the 5th level eyebite spell, and so on, will be 
reflected back upon the gazer when the gazer tries to
make eye contact with the spellcaster (the spellcaster
suffers no effects from the gaze attack).  Such creatures
recieve a saving throw vs. their own effect.  The spell
does not affect vision or lighting and is not effective
against creatures who effect comes from being gazed upon
(sich as a medusa).  Only active gaze attacks are blocked
by this spell.25:1

Detect Undead

Divination, Necromancy
Level:                1
Range:                0
Components:           V, S, M
Duration:             3 turns
Casting Time:         1 round
Area of Effect:       60 feet + 10
                      feet/level
Saving Throw:         None
Reference:            PHB, page 133
Color Sphere: Blue with black bands
Runes: 14-n13-A

  This spell enable the caster to detect all undead
creatures out to the range of the spell.  The area
of effect extends in a path 10 feet wide and 60 feet
long (plus 10 feet longer per level of the wizard), in
the direction the caster is facing.  Scanning a direction
requires one round, and the caster must be motionless. 
While the spell indicates direction, it does not give
specific location or distance.  it also detects undead
through walls and obstacles but is blocked by one foot 
of solid stone, one yard of wood or loose earth, or a 
thin coating of metal.  The spell does not indicate the 
type of undead detected, only that undead are present.
  The component for this spell is a bit of earth from a
grave. 26:1

Detect Magic

Divination
Level:                1
Range:                0
Components:           V, S
Duration:             2 rounds/level
Casting Time:         1
Area of Effect:       10-foot path, 60
                      feet long
Saving Throw:         None
Reference:            PHB, page 133
Color Sphere: Blue
Runes: 14-29-A

  When the detect magic spell is cast, the wizard detects
magical radiations in a path 10 feet wide and up to 60
feet long, in the direction he is facing.  The intensity
of the magic can be determined (dim, faint, moderate,
strong, overwhelming), and the wizard has a 10% change per 
level to recognize if a certain type of magic (alteration,
conjuration, etc.) is present.  The caster can turn, 
scanning a 60-degree arc per round.  A stone wall of 
one-foot or more thickness, solid metal of but one-inch 
thickness, or a yard or more of solid wood blocks the 
spell.  Magical areas, multiple types of magic, or strong
local emanations may confuse or conceal weaker radiations.
Note that this spell does not reveal the presence of good
or evil, or reveal alignment.  Other-planar creatures are
not necessarily magical.27:1

Dancing Lights

Alteration
Level:                1
Range:                40 yards + 10
                      yards/level
Components:           V, S, M
Duration:             2 rounds/level
Casting Time:         1
Area of Effect:       Special
Saving Throw:         None
Reference:            PHB, page 133
Color Sphere: Orange
Runes: 19-18-A

  When a dancing lights spell is cast, the wizard creates,
at his option, from one to four lights that resmeble either
torches and lanterns ( and cast that amount of light), 
glowing sphers of light (such as evidenced by will o' 
wisps), or one faintly glowing vaguely manlike shape, 
somewhat similiar to that of a creature from the elemental
plane of fire.  The dancing lights move as the spellcaster 
desires, forward or back, straight or turning corners, 
without concentration upon such movements by the wizard.  
The spell cannot be used to cause blindness (see the 
1st-level light spell), and will wink out if the range 
or duration is exceeded.
  The material component of this spell is either a bit of 
phosphorus or wychwood, or a glowworm.
28:1

Read Magic

Divination
Level:               1
Range:               0
Components:          V, S, M
Duration:            2 rounds/level
Casting Time:        1 round
Area of Effect:      Special
Saving Throw:        None
Reference:           PHB, page 137
Color Sphere: Purple 
Runes: 5-29-A

  By means of a read magic spell, the wizard is able to 
read magical inscriptions on objects- books, scrolls, 
weapons, and the like- that would otherwise be totally 
unintelligible.  (The personal books of the waizrd, and 
works already magically read, are intelligible.)  The 
deciphering does not normally invoke the magic contained 
in the writting, although it may do so in the case of a 
cursed scroll.  Furthermore, once the spell is cast and 
the wizard has read the magicall inscription, he is 
thereafter able to read that particular writing without 
recourse to the use of the read magic spell.  The 
duration of the spell is two rounds per level of 
experience of the spell caster; the wizard can read one 
page or its equivalent per round.
  The wizard must have a clear crystal or mineral prism, 
which is not expended, to cast the spell.29:1

Unseen Servant

Conjuration/Summoning
Level:                1
Range:                0
Components:           V, S, M
Duration:             1 hour + 1
                      turn/level
Casting Time:         1
Area of Effect:       30-foot radius
Saving Throw:         None
Reference:            PHB, page 138-139
Color Sphere: White
Runes: 43-41-A

  The unseen servant is a nonvisible, mindless, and 
shapeless force, used to step and fetch, open unstuck doors 
and hold chairs, as well as to clean and mend,  It is not 
strong, but unfailingly obeys the command of the wizard.  
It can carry out only one activity at a time and can move 
only light-weight items - carry a maximum of 20 pounds or 
push or pull 40 pounds across a smooth surface.  it can open 
only normal doors, drawers, lids, etc.  The unseen servant 
cannot fight, nor can it be killed, as it is a force rather 
than a creature.  It can be magically dispelled, or 
eliminated after recieving 6 points of damage from 
area-effect spells, breath weapons, or similiar attacks.  
If the caster attempts to use it beyond the allowed radius, 
the spell ends instantly.
  The material components of the spell are a piece of string 
and a bit of wood.
30:1

Color Spray

Alteration
Level:               1
Range:               0
Components:          V, S, M
Duration:            Instantaneous
Casting Time:        1
Are of Effect:       5-foot x 20-foot x
                     20-foot wedge
Saving Throw:        Special
Reference:           PHB, page 132
Color Sphere: Orange
Runes: 18-n2-A

  Upon casting this spell, the wizard causes a vivid, 
fan-shaped spray of clashing colors to spring forth from 
his hand.  From one to six creatures (1d6) within the area 
will be affected in the order of increasing distance from 
the wizard.  All creatures above the level of the 
spellcaster and those of 6th level or 6 Hit Dice or more 
are entitled to a saving throw vs spell.  Blind or 
unseeing creatures are not affected by the spell.
  Creatures not allowed or failing saving throws, and whose 
Hit Dice or levels are less than or equal to the 
spellcaster's level, are struck unconscious for 2d4 rounds;  
those with Hit Dice or levels 1 or 2 greater than the 
wizard's level are blinded for 1d4 rounds; and those with 
Hit Dice or levels 3 or more greater than the spellcaster 
are stunned (reeling and unable to think or act 
coherently) for one round.
  The material components of this spell are a pinch of each 
of powder or sand that is colored red, yellow, and blue.31:1

Charm Person

Enchantment/Charm
Level:              1
Range:              10 yards
Components:         V, S
Duration:           Special
Casting Time:       1
Area of Effect:     One person
Saving Throw:       Negates
Reference:          PHB, page 132
Color Sphere: Yellow
Runes: 42-101-A

  This spell affects any single person it is cast upon.  
The person recieves a saving throw vs. spell to aviod the 
effect, with adjustments due to Wisdom.  If the person 
receives damage from the caster's group in the same round 
the the charm spell is cast, an additional +1 per point of 
damage recieved is added to the victim's saving throw.
  If the spell recipient fails his saving throw, he regards 
the caster as a trusted friend.  The spell does not enable 
the caster to control the charmed creature as if it were an 
automaton.
  The duration of the psell is a function of the charmed 
person's Intelligence, show on the table.  If the caster 
harms, or attempts to harm the charmed person by some overt 
action, or if a dispel magic is successfully cast upon the 
person, the charm spell is broken.

  Intelligence Score          Period between checks
  3 or less                   3 months
  4 to 6                      2 months
  7 to 9                      1 month
  10 to 12                    3 weeks
  13 to 14                    2 weeks
  15 to 16                    1 week
  17                          3 days
  18                          2 days
  19 or more                  1 day
32:1

Wizard Mark

Alteration
Level:             1
Range:             Touch
Components:        V, S, M
Duration:          Permanent
Casting Time:      1
Are of Effect:     Up to 1 square foot
Saving Throw:      None
Reference:         PHB, page 139
Color Sphere: Purple
Runes: 5-A

  When this spell is cast, the wizard is able to inscribe, 
visibly, or invisibly, his personal rune or mark, as well 
as up to 6 additional characters of smaller size.  A wizard 
mark spell enables the caster to etch the rune upon stone, 
metal, or any softer substance without harm to the material 
upon which it is placed.  If an invisible mark is made, a 
detect magic spell will cause it to glow and become visible 
(though not necessarily understandable).  Detect 
invisiblitity, true seeing, a gem of seeing, or robe of eyes 
will likewsie expose an invisible mark.  A read magic spell 
will reveal the maker's words, if any.  The mark cannot be 
dispelled, but it can be removed by the caster or by an 
erase spell.  If cast on a living being, normal wear 
gradually causes the mark to fade.
  The material components for the spell are a pinch of 
diamond dust (about 100 gp worth) and a pigment or 
pigments for the coloration of the mark.  If the mark is to 
be inivisible, the pigments are still used, but the caster 
uses a stylus of some sort rather than his finger.
33:1

Tenser's Floating Disc

Evocation
Level:              1
Range:              20 yards
Components:         V, S, M
Duration:           3 turns + 1
                    turn/level
Casting Time:       1
Area of Effect:     Special
Saving Throw:       None
Reference:          PHB, page 138
Color Sphere: Red
Runes: 41-19-A

  With this spell, the caster creates the slightly concave, 
circular plane of force known as Tenser's Floating disc 
(after the famed wizard whose greed and ability to locate 
treasure are well known).  The disc is three feet in 
diameter, and holds 100 pounds of weight per level of the 
wizard casting the spell.  The disc floats approximately 
three feet above the ground at all times and remains level.  
It floats along horizontally within its range of 20 yards at 
the command of the caster, and will accompany him at a rate 
of no more than 6.  If unguided, it maintains a constant 
interval of six feet between itself and the wizard.  If the 
spellcaster moves beyond the range (by moving faster, or by 
such means as a teleport spell, or by trying to take it more 
than three feet from the surface beneath it), or if the 
spell duration expires, the floating disc winks out of 
existence and whatever it was supporting crashes to the 
surface beneath it.
  The components of the spell is a drop of mercury.34:1

Mount

Conjuration/Summoning
Level:               1
Range:               10 yards
Components:          V, S, M
Duration:            2 hours + 1
                     hour/level
Casting Time:        1 turn
Area of Effect:      One mount
Saving Throw:        None
Reference:           PHB, page 136
Color Sphere: White
Runes: 40-19-A

  The caster conjures a normal animal to serve as a mount.  
At the expiration of the spell it disappears, returning 
to its own place.  The type of mount gained by this spell 
depends on the level of the caster; of course, a caster 
can choose a lesser mount if desired:

 Caster Level        Mount
1st-3rd level        mule or light horse
4th-7th level        draft horse or warhorse
8th-12th level       camel
13th-14th level      elephant (and howdah at 18th level)
15th+                Griffon (and saddle at 18th level)

  The mount does not come with any riding gear unless 
specificed, or unless it is of a class lower than the 
caster would normally be entitled to: thus a 4th-level 
wizard can gain a warhorse without saddle and harness 
or a light horse with saddle and harness.  The 
statistics of the animal gained are typical of all 
creatures of the same class.  The mount disappears when 
slain.
  The material component of the spell is a bit of hair from
the type of animal to be conjured.
  
35:1

Find Familiar

Conjuration/Summoning
Level:               1
Range:               1 mile/level
Components:          V, S, M
Duration:            Special
Casting Time:        2d12 hours
Area of Effect:      One familiar
Saving Throw:        None
Reference:           PHB, page 134
Color Sphere: White
Runes: 14-29-11-A

  A wizard can only have one familiar, and has no control 
over what sort of creature will answer the summonig, or if 
any at all will come.
  The power of the conjuration is such that it can be 
attempted but once per year.  At such time as the wizard 
decides to find a familiar, he must load a brass brazier 
with charcoal.  When this is bruning well, add 1000gp 
worth of incense and herbs.  The spell incantation is 
then begun and must be continued until the familiar comes 
or the casting time is finished.  The DM secretely 
determines all results.  Note that this spell only summons 
a familiar; most familiars are not inherently magical, nor 
does a dispel magic send them away.
  There are many effect that a familiar has on the summoning 
wizard.  To fully learn about all of these, it is necessary 
to consult the spell reference in the appropriate game book.

d20 Roll              Sensory powers
1-5; cat, black       vision & hearing
6-7; crow             vision
8-9; hawk             vision
10-11; owl            vision & hearing
12-13; toad           vision
14-15; weasel         hearing & smell
16-20; No familar available within spell range36:1

Cantrip

All schools
Level:              1
Range:              10 feet
Components:         V, S
Duration:           1 hour/level
Casting Time:       1
Area of Effect:     Special
Saving Throw:       None
Reference:          PHB, page 131-132
Color Sphere: Rainbow
Runes: varies according to result

  Cantrips are minor spells studied by wizards during thier 
apprenticeship, regardless of school.  The cantrip spell is 
a practice method for the apprentice, teaching him how to 
tap minute amounts of magical energy.  Once cast, the 
cantrip enables the caster to create minor magical effects 
for the duration of the spell.  So minor are these affects 
that they have severe limitations.  They are completely 
unable to cause a loss of hit points, they cannont disrupt 
the concentration of spellcasters, and they can only create 
small, obviously magical materials.  Futhermore, materials 
created by a cantrip are extremely fragile and cannot be 
used as tools f any sort.  Lastly, a cantrip lacks the 
power to duplicate any other spell effects.
  Whatever manifestation the cantrip takes, it remains in 
affect only as long as the wizard concentrates.  Wizards 
typically use cantrips to impress common folks, amuse 
children, and to brighten dreary lives.  Common tricks with 
cantrips include tinkling of ethereal music, brightening 
faded flowers, glowing balls that float over the caster's 
hands, puffs of wind to flicker candles, spicing up aromas 
and flavors of bland food, and little whirlwinds to sweep 
dust under rugs.  Combined with the unseen servant spell, 
these are tools to make housekeeping and entertaining 
more simple for the wizard.
37:1

Protection From Evil

Abjuration
level:              1
Range:              Touch
Compnents:          V, S, M
Duration:           2 rounds/level
Casting Time:       1
Area of Effect:     Creature Touched
Saving Throw:       None
Reference:          PHB, page 137
Color Sphere: Pink
Runes: 4-301-A

  This spell creeates a magical barrier around the recipient 
at a one-foot distance.  The barrier is mobile with the 
recipient and has three major effects:
  First all attacks made by evil creatures suffer -2 
penalties to attack rolls; saving throws from such attacks 
are made with +2 bonuses.
  Second, any attempt to posses or exercise mental control 
over the protected creature is blocked by this spell.
  Third, the spell prevents bodily contact by creatures of 
an extraplanar or conjured nature.  This causes the natural 
(body) weapon attacks of such creatures to fail and the 
creature to recoil, if such attacks require touching the 
protected being.  Animals or monsters summoned or conjured 
by spells or similar nature are likewise hedged from the 
character.
  This protection ends if the protected character makes a 
melee attack against or tires to force the barrier against 
the blocked creature.
  To complete this spell, the wizard must trace a 
three-foot-diamter circle upon the floor (or ground) with 
powdered silver.
38:1

Friends

Enchantment/Charm
Level:              1
Range:              0
Components:         V, S, M
Duration:           1d4 rounds + 1
                    round/level
Casting Time:       1
Area of Effect:     60-foot radius
Saving Throw:       Special
Reference:          PHB, page 134
Color Sphere: Yellow
Runes: 

  A friends spell cause the wizard to temporarily gain 2d4 
points of Charisma.  Intelligent creatures wihtin the area 
of eefect at the time the spell is cast must make immediate 
reaction checks based on the character's new Charisma.  
Those with favorable reactions tend to be very impressed 
with the spellcaster and make an effort to be his friends 
and help him, as appropriate to the situation; officious 
bureaucrats might decide to become helpful; surly gate 
guards might wax informative; attacking orcs mught spare 
the caster's life, taking him captive instead.  When the 
spell waers off, the creatures realize that they have been 
influenced, and their reactions are determined by the DM.
  The components for the spell are chalk (or white flour), 
lampblack (or soot), and vermillion applied to the face 
before casting the spell.
39:1

Protection From Good

Abjuration
level:              1
Range:              Touch
Compnents:          V, S, M
Duration:           2 rounds/level
Casting Time:       1
Area of Effect:     Creature Touched
Saving Throw:       None
Reference:          PHB, page 137
Color Sphere: Pink
Runes: 4-n301-A

  This spell creeates a magical barrier around the recipient 
at a one-foot distance.  The barrier is mobile with the 
recipient and has three major effects:
  First all attacks made by good creatures suffer -2 
penalties to attack rolls; saving throws from such attacks 
are made with +2 bonuses.
  Second, any attempt to posses or exercise mental control 
over the protected creature is blocked by this spell.
  Third, the spell prevents bodily contact by creatures of 
an extraplanar or conjured nature.  This causes the natural 
(body) weapon attacks of such creatures to fail and the 
creature to recoil, if such attacks require touching the 
protected being.  Animals or monsters summoned or conjured 
by spells or similar nature are likewise hedged from the 
character.
  This protection ends if the protected character makes a 
melee attack against or tires to force the barrier against 
the blocked creature.
  To complete this spell, the wizard must trace a 
three-foot-diamter circle upon the floor (or ground) with 
powdered iron.
40:1

Feather Fall

Alteration
Level:             1
Range:             10 yards/level
Components:        V
Duration:          1 round/level
Casting Time:      1
Area of Effect:    Special
Saving Throw:      None
Reference:         PHB, page 134
Color Sphere: Brown
Runes: 11-19-n200-A

  When this spell is cast, the creature(s) or object(s) 
affected immediately assumes the mass of a piece of down.  
Rate of falling is instantly changed to a mere two feet per 
second (120 feet per round), and no damage is incurred upon 
landing when the spell is in effect.  However, when the 
spell duration ceases, normal rate of fall occurs.  The 
spell can be cast upon the wizard or some other creature or 
object up to the maximum range and lasts for one round for 
each level of the wizard.  The feather fall affects one or 
more objects or creatures in a 10-foot cube, as long as the 
maximum weight of the creatures or objects does not exceed a 
combined total of 200 pounds, plus 200 pounds per level of 
the caster.
  For example, a 2nd-level wizard has a range of 20 yards, 
a duration of 2 rounds, and a weight maxmimum of 600 pounds 
when casting the spell.  The spell works only upon 
free-falling, flying, or porpelled objects (such as 
missiles).  It will not affect a sword blow or a charging 
creature.  Note that the spell can be effectively combined 
with gust of wind and similar spells.
41:1

Grease

Conjuration
Level:              1
Range:              10 yards
Components:         V, S, M
Duration:           3 Rounds + 1
                    round/level
Casting Time:       1
Area of Effect:     10-foot by 10-foot
                    square area
Saving Throw:       Special
Reference:          PHB, page 135
Color Sphere: White
Runes: 

  A grease spell covers a material surface with a slippery 
layer of a fatty, greasy nature.  Any creature entering the 
area or caught in it when the spell is cast must 
successfully save vs. spell or slip, skid, and fall.  Those 
who successfully save can reach the nearest non-greased 
surface by the end of the round.  Those who remain in the 
area are allowed a saving throw each round until they escape 
the area.  The DM should adjust saving throws by 
circumstance; for example a creature charging down an 
incline that is suddenly greased has little chance to avoid 
the effect, but its ability to eixt the affected area is 
almost assured!  The spell can also be used to create a 
greasy coating on an item - a rope, ladder rungs, weapon 
blade, etc.  Materials objects not in use are always 
affected by this spell, while creatures wielding or 
employing items recive a saving throw vs. spell to avoid 
the effect.  if the initial saving throw is failed, the 
creature immediately drops the item.  A saving throw must 
be made each round a creature attempts to use a greased 
item or pick up a dropped item.  Dropped items usually 
require at least one round to recover.  The caster can 
end the effect with a single utternace; otherwise it lasts 
for three rounds plus one round per level.
  The material component of the spell is a bit of pork rind 
or butter.
42:1

Hornung's Guess

Divination (wild magic)
Level:              1
Range:              300 yards
Components:         V
Duration:           Instantaneous
Casting Time:       2
Area of Effect:     Special
Saving Throw:       None
Reference:          TOM, pages 17,19
Color Sphere: Blue with gold sparkles
Runes:

  Hornung, one of the leading wizards in the field of wild 
magic (before his untimely disappearance while experimenting 
with wildwind), devolped this spell to improve the accuracy 
of his predictions.  The spell provides a wizard with an 
instant and ighly accurate estimate of the number of persons 
or objects in a group.
  The spell's area of effect is one group of a general class 
of objects.  All objects of the group must be within spell 
range and the group as a whole must be visible to the caster.  
The wizard need not see every individual in the group, merely 
the general limts of the group's size and area.  For example, 
a wizard on a hill could look down on a forest and estimate 
the number of trees in all or part of it.  He could not get 
an estimate of the number of goblins within the forest, 
however, since the group as a whole (the goblins) is 
concealed from sight.
  The estimate generated is accurate to the largest factor 
of ten (rounded up).  For example, if Hornung's guess were 
cast on a group of 439 horsemen, the estimate would be 400.  
If there were 2,670 horsemen, the spell would estimate 3000.  
If there were 37 horsemen, the answer would be 40.  Clearly 
using the spell on small groups (especially those with fewer 
than 10) is pointless.
  Hornung's guess can be used to quickly estimate the size 
of treasure hoards, bandit raiders, and army units.  It is 
particularly popular with moneylenders and generals.

43:1

Hypnotism

Enchantment/Charm
Level:              1
Range:              5 yards
Components:         V, S
Duration:           1 round + 1
                    round/level
Casting Time:       1
Are of Effect:      30-foot cube
Saving Throw:       Negates
Reference:          PHB, page 135
Color Sphere: Yellow
Runes: 42-102-A

  The gestures of the wizard, along with his droning 
incantation, cause 1d6 creatures within the area to become 
susceptible to a suggestion- a brief and reasonable sounds 
suggestion ( see the 3rd-level wizard suggestion spell).  
The request must be given after the hypnotism spell is cast.  
Until that time, the success of the spell is unknown.  Note 
that the subsequent suggestion is not a spell, but simply a 
vocalized urging (the caster must speak a language that 
creature understands for the spell to work).  Creatures that 
successfully roll their saving throw are not under hypnotic 
influence.  Those who are exceptionally wary or hostile save 
with a +1 to +3 bonuses. I the spell is cast at an individual 
creature that meets the caster's gaze, the saving throw is 
made with a penalty of -2.  A creature that fails its saving 
throw does not remember that the caster enspelled it.
44:1

Identify

Divintation
Level:             1
Range:             0
Components:        V, S, M
Duration:          1 round/level
Casting Time:      Special
Are of Effect:     One item/level
Saving Throw:      None
Reference:         PHB, page 135
Color Sphere: Blue
Runes: 25-29-A

  Magical items touched by the wizard can be identified.  
The eight hours immediately preceeding must be spent 
purifying the items.  If this period is interrupted, it 
must be begun again.  Each item must be handled in turn 
by the caster.
  The chance of recieving one piece of information is 10% 
per level, maxmimum of 90%, rolled by the DM.  A roll of 
96-00 indicates a false reading.  Only one function of a 
multi-function item is discovered per handling.  If any 
reading attempts fail, the caster can not learn any more 
about that item until he advances a level.
  The item never reveals its exact attack or damage bonuses.  
Only a general indication of the number of remaining charges 
is learned; powerful (80%-100%), strong (60%-80%), moderate 
(40%-60%), week (5%-40%) faint (5 or less).  The faint 
result takes precedence.
  After casting the spell, the wizard loses 8 points of 
Constitution.  He must rest for one hour to recover 1 point 
of Constitution.  If the 8-point loss drops the spellcaster 
below a Constitution of 1, he falls unconscious.  
Consciousness is not regained until full Constitution is 
restored 24 hours later.
  The material components of this spell are a 100 gp pearl 
and an owl feather steeped in wine, drunk prior to casting.  
If a luckstone is powdered and added to the infusion, exact 
bonuses or charges can be determined, and the functions of 
a multi-function item to be learned from a single casting.
45:1

Light

Alteration
Level:             1
Range:             60 yards
Components:        V, M
Duration:          1 turn/level
Casting Time:      1
Area of Effect:    20-foot radius globe
Saving Throw:      Special
Reference:         PHB, page 136
Color Sphere: Orange
Runes: 19-A

  This spell creates a luminous glow, equal to torchlight, 
within a fixed radius of the spell's center.  Objects in 
darkness byond this sphere can be seen, at best, as vague 
and shadowy shapes.  The spell is cenetered on a point 
selected by the caster, and he must have a line of sight 
and unobstructed path for the spell when it is cast.  Light 
can spring from air, rock, metal, wood, or almost any 
similar substance.
  The effect is immobile unless it is specifically center on 
a movable object or mobile creature.  If this spell is cast 
upon a creature, the applicable magic resistance and saving 
throw rolls must be made.  Successful resistance negates the 
spell, while a successful throw indicates that the spell is 
centered immediately behind the creature, rather than upon 
the creature itself.  Light taken into an area of magical 
darkness will not function, but if cast directly against 
magical darkness, negates it (but only for the light spell's 
duration if the darkness effect is continual).
  Light centered on the visual organs of a creature blinds 
it, reducing its attack rolls and saving throws by 4 and 
worsening its Armor Class by 4.  the caster can end the 
spell at any time by uttering a single word.
  The material component is a firefly or piece of 
phosporescent moss.
46:1

Magic Missile

Evocation
Level:              1
Range:              60 yards + 10 yards/level
Components:         V, S
Duration:           Instantaneous
Casting Time:       1
Area of Effect:     One or more creatures in
                    a 10-foot cube
Saving Throw:       None
Reference:          PHB, page 136
Color Sphere: Red
Runes: 29-41-9-A

  Use of the magic missile spell creates up to five missiles 
of magical energy that dart forth from the wizard's 
fingertip and unerringly strike their target.  This includes 
enemy creatures in melee.  The target creature must be seen 
or otherwise detected to be hit, however, so near-total 
concealment, such as that offered by arrow slits, can render 
the spell ineffective.  Liekwise, the caster must be able to 
identify the target.  he cannont direct a magic missile to 
"strike the commander of the legion", unless he can single 
out the commander from the rest of the soldiers.  Specific 
parts of a creature cannot be singled out.  Inanimate objects 
(locks, etc.) cannot be dammaged by the spell, and any 
attempts to do so wastes the missiles used to no effect.  
Against creatures, each missile does 1d4 + 1 points of 
damage.
  For every two levels of experience, the wizard gains an 
additional missile - he has two at 3rd, three at 5th, four 
at 7th, up to a total of five missiles at 9th level.  If the 
wizard has multiple missile capability, he can strike a 
single target creature or several creature, as desired.
47:1

Message

Alteration
Level:              1
Range:              0
Components:         V, S, M
Duration:           5 rounds/level
Casting Time:       1
Area of Effect:     Special
Saving Throw:       None
Reference:          PHB, page 136
Color Sphere: Purple
Runes: 38-5-A

  When this spell is cast, the wizard can whisper and 
receive replies with little chance of being overheard.  
When the spell is cast, the wizard secretly or openly 
points his finger at each creature to be included in the 
spell effect.  Up to one creature per level can be included.  
When the wizard whispers, the whispered message will travel 
in a straight line and audible to all of the involved 
creatures within 30 feet, plus 10 feet per level of the 
caster.  The creatures who recive the message can whisper a 
reply that is heard by the spellcaster.  Note that there 
must be an unobstructed path between the spellcaster and the 
recipients of the spells.  The message must be in a language 
the caster speaks; this spell does not by iteslf confer 
understanding upon the reciepients.  This spell is most 
often used to conduct quick and private conversations when 
the caster does not wish to be overheard.
  The material component of the spell is a short piec of 
copper drawn fine.
48:1

Nahal's Reckless Dweomer

Invocation/Evocation (wild Magic)
Level:                1
Range:                Special
Components:           V, S
Duration:             special
Casting Time:         5
Area of Effect:       Special
Saving Throw:         Special
Reference:            TOM, page 20
Color Sphere: Red with gold sparkles
Runes:

  This spell is the wild mage's ulitmate last-resort spell.  
When cast, the mage release a sudden flood of wild magical 
energy in the hope of seizing and shaping the energy into a 
desired spell effect.  The attempt usually fails, but 
something almost always occurs in the process.
  Before casting the spell, the mage announces the spell 
effect he is trying to create.  The mage must be able to 
cast the spell (i.e, have it in his spell books), but need 
not have it memorized.  After announcing the spell (along 
with the target and any other conditions required by the 
spell), the wild mage casts Nahal's Reckless Dweomer.  A 
burst of magical energy is relased, which the wild mage 
tries to manipulate into the desired form.  The actual 
effect of the spell is rolled randomly on Table 2: Wild 
Surge Results (TOM, pages 7-8).
  Because the release of energy is planned by the mage, 
his level is added to the dice roll.  If the result 
indicates success, the mage has shaped the magical energy 
into the desired effect.  More often than not, the effect 
is completely unexpected.  The result may be beneficial to 
the mage or it may be completely disasterous; this is the 
risk the mage takes in casting Nahal's Reckless Dweomer.
49:1

Patternweave

Divination (wild magic)
level:               1
range:               10 yards
Components:          V, S, M
Duration:            1 round
Casting Time:        3
Area of Effect:      10-foot square
Saving Throw:        Special
Reference:           TOM, page 20
Color Sphere: Blue with gold sparkles
Runes:

  Patternweave allows the caster to make sense of apparant 
chaos.  The caster can see such things as pottery shards 
reformed into a whole pot, shreds of paper formed into a 
page, scattered parts as a working machine, or specific 
trails appearing out of overlapping footprints.
  After casting the spell, the mage studies seemingly random 
elements - borken bits of glass, shreds of paper, 
intermingled trails, etc.  The items to be studied must be 
tangible - coded flashing lights, garbled speech or thoughts 
of any kind cannot be studied.
  The wizard must study the random elements for one round, 
after which the DM secretly makes a saving throw vs. magic 
for the wizard.  if the saving throw is failed, the spell 
fails.  However, if the saving throw is successgul, the 
caster sees in his mind the pattern these objects form.  
If the items studied are truly random, no information is 
gained.
  After the caster has visualized the pattern, he can
attempt to reassemble the parts into their original form.  
This requires another saving throw vs. magic to see if the 
mage remembers sufficent details to accomplish the task.  
The amount of time required and the quality of the 
restoration vary according to the complexity of the pattern.
  The material component is a small hand lens through which 
the caster studies the objects.  The lens is not consumed in 
the casting.
50:1

Phantasmal Force

Illusion/Phantasm
Level:              1
Range:              60 yards + 10 yards/level
Components:         V, S, M
Duration:           Special
Casting Time:       1
Area of Effect:     400 sq. ft + 100 sq ft./level
Saving Throw:       Special
Reference:          PHB, page 137
Color Sphere: Grey
Runes: 52-41-A

  This spell creates the illusion of any object, creature, 
or force, as long as it is wihtin the boundaries of the 
spell's area of effect.  The illusion is visualand affects 
all believing creatures (undead are immune) that view it.  
It does not create sound, smell, or temperature.  Effects 
that depend upon these sense usually fail.  The illusion 
lasts until struck by an opponent - unless the spellcaster 
causes the ullusion to react appropriately - or until the 
wizard ceases concentration upon the spell (due to desire, 
moving, or a successful attack that causes damage).  
Creatures that make a successful saving throw vs. spell 
disbelieve the illusion, and add 4 to associates' saving 
throws if this knowledge can be communicated offectively.  
Creatures believing the illusion are subject to its effects, 
even to the extent of suffering damage from phantasmal 
missiles or from falling into an illusory pit full of sharp 
spikes.  The illusory effect can be moved by the caster 
within the limits of the area of effect.  The DM has to rule 
on the effectiveness of this spell (see PHB, p. 130 and 
Chapter 7: Magic).
  The material component of the spell is a bit of fleece.
51:1

Reduce

Alteration
Level:             1
Range:             5 yards/level
Components:        V, S, M
Duration:          5 rounds/level
Casting Time:      1
Area of Effect:    One creature or object
Saving Throw:      Negates
Reference:         PHB, pages 133-134
Color Sphere: Green
Runes: 10-104-A

  The reverse of the enlarge spell, reduce negates the 
enlarge spell, or makes creatures or objects smaller.  
The creature or object loses 10% of its original size 
for every level of the caster, to a minimum of 10% of 
the original size.  Theerafter, the size shrinks by 
one-foot incremenets to less than one foot, by one-inch 
increments to one inch, and by 1/10-inch increments to a 
minimum of 1/10 inch -  the recipient cannot dwindle away 
to nothingness.  For example, a 16-foot-tall giant reduced 
by a 15th-level wizard (fifteen steps), would be reduced to 
1.6 feet (nine steps), then to .6 feet or 7.2 inches (one 
step), finally to 2.2 inches (fice steps).  A shrinking 
object may damage weaker materials affixed to it, but an 
object will only shrink as long as the object itself would 
not be damaged.  Unwilling creatures are allowed a saving 
throw vs. spell.
  The material component of this spell is a pinch of 
powdered iron.
52:1

Enlarge

Alteration
Level:             1
Range:             5 yards/level
Components:        V, S, M
Duration:          5 rounds/level
Casting Time:      1
Area of Effect:    One creature or object
Saving Throw:      Negates
Reference:         PHB, pages 133-134
Color Sphere: Green
Runes: 10-104-A

  This spell causes instant growth of a creature or object, 
increasing both size and weight.  It can be cast only upon 
a single creature (or a symbiotic or community entity) or 
upon a single object that does not exceed 10 cubic feet in 
volume per caster level.  The object or creature must be 
seen to be affected.  It grows by up to 10% per level of 
experience of the wizard, increasing height, width, and 
weight.
  All equipment worn or carried by a creature is enlarged by 
the spell.  Unwilling creatures are entitled to a saving 
throw vs. spell.  A successfu saving thwo means the spell 
fails.  If insufficient room is available from the desired 
growth, the creature or object will attain the maximum 
possible size, bursting weak enclosures in the process, but 
it is constrained without harm by stronger materials.
  Magical properties are not increased by this spell.  
Weight, mass, and strength are affected though.  Thus, a 
table blocking a door would be heavier and more effective, 
a hurled stone would have more mass (and cause more damage), 
chains would be more massive, doors thicker, a thin line 
turned to a sizable, longer rope, and so on.  A creature's 
hit points, Armor Class, and attack rolls do not change, but 
damage rolls increase proportional with size.  Bonuses due 
to Strenth, class, and magic are not altered.
  The material component of this spell is a pinch of iron.
53:1

Comprehend Languages

Alteration
Level:              1
Range:              Touch
Components:         V, S, M
Duration:           5 rounds/level
Casting Time:       1 round
Area of Effect:     1 speaking creature or 
                    written object
Saving Throw:       None
Reference:          PHB, page 133
Color Sphere: Purple
Runes: 30-5-A

  When this spell is cast, the wizard is able to understand 
the spoken words of a creature or read an otherwise 
incomprehensible written message (such as writing in another 
language).  In either case, the wizard must touch the 
creature or the writing.  Notw that the ability to read does 
not necessarily impart understanding of the material, not 
does the spell enable the caster to speak or write and 
unknown language.  Written material can be read at a rate of 
one page or equivalent per round.  Magical writting cannot be 
read, other than to know it is magical, but the spell is 
often useful when deciphering treasure maps.  This spell can 
be foiled by certain warding magic (e.g., the 3rd-level 
secret page and illusionary script spells) and does not 
reveal messages concealed in otherwise normal script.
  The material components of this spell are a pinch of soot 
and a few grains of salt.  The reverse, confuse languages, 
cancels a comprehend languages spell or renders a writing or 
a creature's speech incomprehensible.
54:1

Sleep

Enchantment/Charm
Level:              1
Range:              30 yards
Components:         V, S, M
Duration:           5 rounds/level
Casting Time:       1
Area of Effect:     Special
Saving Throw:       None
Reference:          PHB, page 138
Color Sphere: Yellow
Runes: 24-102-A

  When a wizard casts a sleep spell, he causes a comatose 
slumber to come upon one or more creatures (other than 
undead and certain other creatures specifically excluded 
from the spell's effects).  All creatures to be affected 
by the sleep spell myst be within 30 feet of each other.  
The Number of creatures that can be affected is a function 
of their Hit Dice or levels.  Monsters with a 4 + 3 Hit Dice 
(4 Hit Dice plus 3 hit points) or more are unaffected.  The 
center of the area of effect is determined by the 
spellcaster.
  For example, a wizard casts a sleep at threee kobolds, two 
gnolls, and an ogre.  The roll (2d4) results is 4.  All the 
kobolds and one gnoll are affected (1/2 + 1/2 + 1/2 + 2 = 
3 1/2 Hit Dice).  Note that the remainder is not enough to 
affect the last gnoll or the ogre.
  Slapping or wounding awakens affected creatures, but 
normal noise does not.  Awakening requires one entire round.  
Magically sleeping opponents can be attacked with 
substantial bonuses (see PHB, Combat, pg. 90).
  The material component for this spell is a pinch of fine 
sand, rose petals, or a live cricket.
55:1

Spider Climb

Alteration
Level:              1
Range:              Touch
Components:         V, S, M
Duration:           3 rounds + 1 round/level
Casting Time:       1
Area of Effect:     Creature Touched
Saving Throw:       Negates
Reference:          PHB, page 138
Color Sphere: Green
Runes: 19-200-A

  A spider climb spell enables the recipient to climb and 
travel upon vertical surfaces as well as a giant spider, or 
even hang upside down from ceilings.  Unwilling victims must 
be touched and are then allowed a saving throw vs. spells to 
negate the effect.  The affected creature must have bare 
hands and feet in order to climb in this manner, at a 
movement rate of 6 (3 if at all encumbered).  During the 
course of the spell, the recipient cannot handle objects 
that weigh less than a dagger (one pound), for such objects 
stick to his hands and feet.  Thus, a wizard will find it 
virtually impossible to cast spells if under a spider climb 
spell.  Sufficient force can pull the recipient free; the DM 
can assign a saving throw based on circumstances, the 
strength of the force, and so on.  For example, a creature 
with a Strength of 12 might pull the subject free if the 
subject fails a saving throw vs. paralyzation (a moderately 
difficult saving throw).  The caster can end the spell 
effect with a word.
  The material components of this spell are a drop of 
bitumen and a live spider, both of which must be eaten by 
the spell recipient.
56:1

Spook

Illusion/Phantasm
Level:              1
Range:              0
Components:         V, S
Duration:           Special
Casting Time:       1
Area of Effect:     One creature within 30 feet
Saving Throw:       Negates
Reference:          PHB, page 138
Color Sphere: Grey
Runes: 52-33-A

  A spook spell enables the wizard to play upon natural 
fears to cause the target creature to perceive the 
spellcaster as someone or something inimical.  Without 
actually knowing what that is, the wizard merely advances 
threanteningly upon the creature.  If a successful saving 
throw vs. spells is not made, the creature turns and flees 
at maximum speed as far from the wizard as possible, though 
items carried are not dropped.  The creature has a saving 
throw penalty of -1 for every two experience levels of the 
caster, to a mamimum of -6 at 12th-level.  Note that a 
natural (unmodified) roll of 20 auttomatically succeeds, 
regardless of saving throw penalties.  Although the caster 
does not actually pursue the fleeing creature, a phantasm 
from its own mind does.  Each round after the initial 
casting, the creature recieves another saving throw, without 
penalty, until it successfully saves and the spell is 
broken.  In any event, the spell functions only against 
creatures with intelligences of 2 or more, and undead are 
not affected at all.
57:1

Taunt

Enchantment
Level:              1
Range:              60 yards
Components:         V, S, M
Duration:           1 round
Casting Time:       1
Area of Effect:     30-foot radius
Saving Throw:       Negates
Reference:          PHB, page 138
Color Sphere: Yellow
Runes: 

  A taunt spell enables the caster to jape and jeer 
effectively at a single type of creature with an 
Intelligence of 2 or greater.  The caster need not 
speak the language of the creatures.  His words and 
sounds have real meaning for the subject creature or 
creatures: challenging, insulting, and generally 
irritating and angering the listeners.  Those failing 
to save vs. spell will rush forth in fury to do battle 
with the spellcaster.  All affected creatures attack 
the spellcaster in melle if physically capable of doing 
some seeking to use body or hand-held weapons or spells.  
Separation of the caster from the victim by an 
impenetrable or uncrossable boundary ( a wall of fire, a 
deep chasm, a formation of set pike-men) causes the spell 
to break.  If the caster taunts a mixed group, he must 
choose the type of creature to be affected.  Creatures 
commanded by a strong leader (i.e., with a Charisma bonus, 
with higher Hit Dice, etc.) might gain a saving throw bonus 
of +1 to +4, at the DM's discretion.  If used in conjunction 
with a ventriloquism spell, the creature may attack the 
apparant source, depending on their intelligence, a leader's 
presence, and so on,
  The material component is a slug, which is hurled at the 
creature to be affected.
58:1

Firewater

Alteration
Level:               1
Range:               10 yards
Duration:            1 round
Area of Effect:      1 pint of water per level
Components:          V, S, M
Casting Time:        1
Saving Throw:        None
Reference:           UA, page 52
Color Sphere: Brown
Runes:

  By means of this spell, the magic-user changes a volume 
of water to a volatile, flammable substance similar to 
alcohol and likewise lighter than water.  If this substance 
is exposed to flame, fire, or even a spark, it will burst 
into flames and burn with a hot fire.  Each creature subject 
to firewater flame will suffer 2-12 hit points of damage.  
The firewater created will evaporate and be useless within 
1 round, even if it is securely contained and sealed, so it 
must be utilized (ignited) within 10 segments of its 
creation.  
  The material components of this spell are a few grains of 
sugar and a raisin.
59:1

Melt

Alteration
Level:             1
Range:             10 yards
Components:        V, S, M
Duration:          Permanent
Casting Time:      1
Area of Effect:    1 cu. yd. of ice/level or
                   2 cu. yds. of snow/level
Saving Throw:      Special
Reference:         UA, page 52
Color Sphere: Brown
Runes:

  When a melt spell is cast, the magic-user effectively 
raises the temperature in the area of effect.  This sudden 
increase in warmth will melt ice in 1 round, so that a 1st 
level magic-user can melt a cube of solid ice, 1 yard on a 
side, in 1 round after the spell is cast, so that the ice 
becomes water.  Twice this volume of snow can be affected, 
so that the spell will melt 1 cubic yard of snow in 1/2 
round, or will turn 2 cubic yards ( 1 yd. x 1 yd. x 2 yds.) 
of snow to water in 1 round.  Against such monsters as 
white dragons, winter wolves, yeti, wooly rhinos, those 
composed of para-elemental ice, and the like, a melt spell 
will inflict 2 points of damage per level of the spell 
caster, or 1 point per levele if the subject creature makes 
the saving throw s. spell.  The melt spell is generally 
ineffective against types of creatures other than those 
enumerated above.  
  The material components for a melt spell are a few 
crystals of rock salt and a punch of soot.


60:1

Run

Enchantment
Level:              1
Range:              Touch
Components:         V, S, M
Duration:           4 + 1d4 hours
Casting Time:       1 round
Area of Effect:     Special (humans, demi-humans only)
Saving Throw:       None 
Reference:          UA, page 52
Color Sphere: Yellow
Runes:

  The run spell enables the recipient to run at full speed 
(twice normal speed) for from 5-8 hours without tiring.
However, after so running the individual must spend a like 
number of hours resting, as well as drinking plenty of 
liquids and eating heartily.  For every 2 levels of 
experience of the spell caster, another individual can be 
affected; i.e. at 4th level, 2 individuals can be touched 
and empowed to run; at 6th, 3 individuals; etc.  Only humans 
and demi-humans in their natural form can be affected by 
this spell.
  The material component of this spell is an elixir made 
from the juice of dried plums boiled in spring water and 
the oil of 5-8 beans of a spurge (castor) plant.
 
101:1

ALCHEMY

CONJURATION, ABJURATION
RANGE      : 1'
DURATION   : 1 RD.
COMPONENTS : V,S
CAST TIME  : 1 SEG
SAVE       : N/A
SP SAVE    : N/A
SFF        : 
SOURCE     : The Mage Jeleco
AREA EFFECT: SPECIAL
Color Sphere: White with pink bands
Runes:

    This spell produces the equivalent of 1 pouring of an
ALCHEMY JUG.   A container to pour it in is not provided, 
therefore you may either count the glass/flask/etc as a
material component (not consumed), or a participant can
agree to recieve the spell affect as a drink.

102:1

ANCHOR

CONJURATION/SUMMONING
RANGE      : 1"/LEVEL
DURATION   : 1 DAY
COMPONENTS : V,S,M
CAST TIME  : 1 SEG
SAVE       : N/A
SP SAVE    : N/A
SFF        : 
SOURCE     : JELECO
AREA EFFECT: 1 SHIP
Color Sphere: White
Runes:

    This spell rendors 1 ship immobile. Dispel Magic has only
1/2 its normal chance of nullifying the spell. Serves to maintain the
position of the caster's ship against currents of up to 12 ft/sec and
supports up to 550 lbs. of displacement of the boat per level.
    The material component is small silver cord and anchor.
103:1

AURANDON'S PERVERSION

CHARM
RANGE      : 1"
DURATION   : SPECIAL
COMPONENTS : V, S, M
CAST TIME  : 1 RD
SAVE       : NEG
SP SAVE    : NONE
SFF        :
SOURCE     : The Mage Aurandon
AREA EFFECT: 1 PERSON
Color Sphere: Yellow
Runes:

    This spell causes the recipient to experience strange
sexual desires which continue to build until acted upon.
    The mateiral component is a spansel. A spansel is a 
piece of flesh taken from a freshly killed human that 
is about 6' long.

104:1

AURANDON'S SINGING DOGS

ILLUSION/PHANTASM
RANGE      : 3"
DURATION   : 1 TURN + 1 RD PER LEVEL
COMPONENTS : V, S, M
CAST TIME  : 1 RD
SAVE       : NEG
SP SAVE    : NONE
SFF        :
SOURCE     : The Mage Aurandon
AREA EFFECT: 3 DOGS PER LEVEL
Color Sphere: Grey
Runes:

    After each dog chomps a bone, it appears to begin 
singing a type of music of the caster's choosing for 
the duration of the spell. This does not affect the dogs 
actions, only adds the appearance of singing to it's 
actions.
    The material component is a bone.  Requires one 
bone per dog to be affected.
105:1

BEND

ALTERATION
RANGE      : 2"
DURATION   : 1 RD.
COMPONENTS : V,S,M
CAST TIME  : 1 SEG
SAVE       : NONE
SP SAVE    : N/A
SFF        : 
SOURCE     : The Mage JELECO
AREA EFFECT: 1 WEAPON
Color Sphere: Green
Runes:

    This spell causes any non-magical hand-weapon, 
of the caster's choice, to twist itself into a shape 
which renders it totally useless.
Magical weapons must save as if hit by magical fire.
    The material component is a piece of string or 
cord that must be knotted while invoking the spell. 
106:1

BLACKFIRE

CONJURATION
KIND       : MAGIC USER
RANGE      : 3"
DURATION   : 1 HR PER LEVEL
COMPONENTS : V,S,M
CAST TIME  : 1 RD
SAVE       : N/A
SP SAVE    : N/A
SFF        : 
SOURCE     : JELECO
AREA EFFECT: 1 FIRE
Color Sphere: White
Runes:

    This spell creates a fire a camp fire that sheds all the
heat and warm of a fire without any light being shed from 
it. This is especially useful for those whom need to have a 
cold camp per say. It does not allow some one with 
infravision to be able to see it.
    The material component is a small piece of black cloth.
107:1

BLAZE

ALTERATION,CONJURATION
RANGE      : 12"
DURATION   : 1 TURN
COMPONENTS : V, S, M
CAST TIME  : 1 RD
SAVE       : N/A
SP SAVE    : N/A
SFF        : 
SOURCE     : The Mage White Tree
AREA EFFECT: One or more fires within a 1" radius
Color Sphere:Brown with white bands
Runes:

    This spell is designed to make existent small fires 
flare up brightly upon command. It will affect one or 
more fires within 1" radius circle. The flaring will 
not be specifically blinding in effect but can surprise 
or startle nearby beings.
    The spell requires a bit of sulphur as its material
component.
108:1

BOX

CONJURATION/SUMMONING
RANGE      : 1"
DURATION   : UNTIL DISPELLED
COMPONENTS : V,S,M
CAST TIME  : 1 SEG
SAVE       : N/A
SP SAVE    : NEG
SFF        : 
SOURCE     : JELECO
AREA EFFECT: 2'x 2'x2'
Color Sphere: White
Runes:

     This spell allows the caster to cause a wooden box to
appears within 3" of the caster. This box will lasts until dispelled or
destroyed, needing 5 pts per level of caster to destroy it. A special
save is allowed if this spell is being used to try to crate a living
person.
     The material component is several small pieces of wood.
109:1

CHAMELEON

ALTERATION/ILLUSION
RANGE      : 0
DURATION   : 1 TURN + 1RD./LEVEL
COMPONENTS : S,M
CAST TIME  : 1 SEG
SAVE       : NONE
SP SAVE    : N/A
SFF        : 
SOURCE     : The Mage JELECO
AREA EFFECT: SPELL CASTER
Color Sphere: Green with grey bands
Runes:

    When this spell is cast the caster is able to blend into
any background desired. The chance of the caster being 
noticed is equal to that of a halfling thief of the same 
level.
    The material component is a small lizard (swallowed 
during casting.)
110:1

CHEATING DICE

ALTERATION
RANGE      : TOUCH
DURATION   : 1 TURN PER LEVEL
COMPONENTS : V, S, M
CAST TIME  : 1 ROUND
SAVE       : NONE
SP SAVE    : NEG
SFF        :
SOURCE     : The Mage Aurandon
AREA EFFECT: 1 SET OF DICE
Color Sphere: Green
Runes:

    This spell causes a pair of dice touched by a specially
prepared ring to roll only a number inscribed on the inside 
of the ring.  Multiple numbers can be inscribed, and a roll 
will always be of that group. The ring is charged for 1 roll 
per level or until the spell wears off, whichever comes 
first. The ring is limited to the level that it was
produced at and can only have one number per three levels.
    The material component is a ring worth at least 100 gp 
+10gp per level.
111:1

CORRODE 

ALTERATION
(Reversable)
RANGE      : TOUCH
DURATION   : PERMANENT
COMPONENTS : V,S,M
CAST TIME  : 1-4 SEG
SAVE       : NONE
SP SAVE    : N/A
SFF        : 
SOURCE     : JELECO
AREA EFFECT: 1 CUBIC FT/LEVEL
Color Sphere: Green
Runes:

    On casting, the MU can touch 1 or 2 pieces of 
non-magical iron or steel, such as hinges, locks, weapons, 
armor, etc. which will immediately corrude. The amount or 
corrusion caused is upto the caster, but the worse it is 
the longer it takes to cause. In this way, a lock may be 
corruded away to allow entry into a locked room, or door 
hinges corroded to jam a door open or shut-in the latter 
case Bend Bars roll would be required. The (R) enables the 
effects of corrosion to be repaired.
    Material components are a 100 GP gold cube 1" and a rust 
monster antennea. Both disappear with the casting of the spell.
112:1

DAGGER OF ICE

ALTERATION
RANGE      : TOUCH
DURATION   : 3 RDS PER LEVEL
COMPONENTS : V,S,M
CAST TIME  : 1 ROUND
SAVE       : NONE
SP SAVE    : NONE
SFF        :
SOURCE     : The Mage Aurandon
AREA EFFECT: SPECIAL
Color Sphere: Brown
Runes:

    This spell allows the caster to reach into a body of 
water, and cause a small area to freeze in his grasp. As 
he draws the frozen hilt from the water, an icicle forms 
on it which is very hard & serves as a dagger. As the 
dagger melts, the ice dagger suffers minuses to damage 
(1 pt per level in rounds duration) until it is useless.
   The material component is a quantity of water.
113:1

DECAY MATERIAL

ALTERATION
RANGE      : 1"/LEVEL
DURATION   : PERMANENT
COMPONENTS : V,S
CAST TIME  : 1 SEG
SAVE       : NONE
SP SAVE    : NEG
SFF        : 
SOURCE     : The Mage JELECO
AREA EFFECT: 1 CUBIC FT/LEVEL
Color Sphere: Green
Runes:

    This spell will cause all non-living items to decay in 
2-20 rds. unless a dispell magic is used in that time. This 
spell will only effect non-living material and if it is 
carried by a creature, then that creature gets a SAVE at -6.
114:1

DETECT PORTAL

DIVINATION
RANGE      : 4" + 1/2" PER LEVEL
DURATION   : 5 RDS
COMPONENTS : V, S
CAST TIME  : 5 SEG
SAVE       : NONE
SP SAVE    : NONE
SFF        :
SOURCE     : The Mage JELECO
AREA EFFECT: 1" PATH
Color Sphere: Blue
Runes:

    This spell allows the caster to detect any magical 
portal within range in the direction that they are facing.
The portal affected, include any magical gate, any area
that recently had a teleport spell cast from, any held
gateway, or ones affected by glyphs.
115:1

DETECT CURRENT

DIVINATION
RANGE      : 1/3 MILE PER 3 LEVELS
DURATION   : 1 RD PER LEVEL
COMPONENTS : V, S
CAST TIME  : 1 RD
SAVE       : NONE
SP SAVE    : N/A
SFF        : 
SOURCE     : The Mage JELECO
AREA EFFECT: 90 DEGREE CONE INFRONT OF CASTER
Color Sphere: Blue
Runes:

     This spell allows the caster to determine the direction 
and speed of the currents in the direction the caster is
facing. The mage must specify air current or water current
(if there is a body of water nearby.)
     The caster may choose to take the other current,
either water or air if the duration remains, they may only
check one direction or current type a round.

116:1

DETECTION STONE

CONJURATION/SUMMONING
RANGE      : 5 MILES/LEVEL
DURATION   : UNTIL DISPELLED
COMPONENTS : V,S,M
CAST TIME  : 1 RD.
SAVE       : N/A
SP SAVE    : N/A
SFF        : 
SOURCE     : The Mage JELECO
AREA EFFECT: 1 STONE
Color Sphere: White
Runes:

    This spell will allow the caster to enchant a stone that
will glow whenever any living being comes within the 1" of 
area it was removed from or that the enchantment was place 
on it. The stronger the creature, the brighter the stone 
will glow. Only 1 stone may be carried by a person a one 
time.
    The material component is a stone of any type.
117:1

DETECT PHASE

EVOCATION
RANGE      : 3"
DURATION   : 6 TURNS
COMPONENTS : V,S
CAST TIME  : 1 SEG
SAVE       : NONE
SP SAVE    : NONE
SFF        : 
SOURCE     : The Mage JELECO
AREA EFFECT: 1" PATH AS CASTER TURNS
Color Sphere: Red
Runes:

    A spell to find secreted treasure hidden by out-of-phase
equipment(spells); and to find creatures that are 
out-of-phase.  The extended duration is due to the unusual
need for the spell.
118:1

DISTRACT

CHARM
RANGE      : 0
DURATION   : 3 RDS + 1 RD PER LEVEL
COMPONENTS : V, S, M
CAST TIME  : 5 SEG
SAVE       : NEG
SP SAVE    : NONE
SFF        :
SOURCE     : The Mage Telen
AREA EFFECT: 1" RADIUS
Color Sphere: Yellow

    This spell causes all who approach the caster who are of
equal or less hit dice to SAVE vs SPELL or choose another 
target.
    The material component is soot, that the caster must
wipe on thier forehead.
119:1

FEAR I

CHARM/ENCHANTMENT
RANGE      : 3"
DURATION   : 4 RDS.
COMPONENTS : V,S,M
CAST TIME  : 2 SEGS
SAVE       : NEG
SP SAVE    : NONE
SFF        : 
SOURCE     : The Mage Jeleco
AREA EFFECT: 2"x2"
Color Sphere: Yellow
Runes:

    This spell will effect 3d6 HD of opposition, lowest 
levels first. Those effected, pack up any belongings 
with in reach and leave. If the caster is blocking the only 
exit they get a second SAVE and if failed will attack the 
caster and anyone else in the way berserkly until the way 
is cleared.
    The Material component is a golden mask of hideous
appearance, of a value at least 50 gp.  The Mask is not
detroyed in the casting.
120:1

FIND (Water) FAMILIAR 

CONJURATION/SUMMONING
RANGE      : 1 MILE PER LEVEL
DURATION   : SPECIAL
COMPONENTS : V, S, M
CAST TIME  : 1-24 HRS
SAVE       : NEG
SP SAVE    : NONE
SFF        : 
SOURCE     : The Mage Pelecon
AREA EFFECT: AS SPELL RANGE
Color Sphere: White
Runes:

DESCRIPTION: AS PER MAGIC USER EXCEPT AS FOLLOWS:
    SPECIAL: AL CG-LG  DOLPHIN/PORPOISE
             LN-NG  SEA OTTER
             LE-NE  GREAT TORTOISE
             CE     GREAT WHITE SHARK

COMPONENTS : PEARL (100 GP)
121:1

FINDING I

DIVINATION
RANGE      : 0
DURATION   : 1 TURN + 1 RD PER LEVEL
COMPONENTS : V,S,M
CAST TIME  : 1 RD
SAVE       : NONE
SP SAVE    : NONE
SFF        :
SOURCE     : The Mage Iron Sater
AREA EFFECT: 10"+ 1" PER LEVEL PATH 10' WIDE
Color Sphere: Blue
Runes:

    This spell will locate the natural form of a mana stone 
and tell the direction and the approxiamate distance.
    The material component is another mana stone, not 
consumed in the casting, to be used as like a magnet.
122:1

FIRE DARTS

ALTERATION/CONJURATION
RANGE      : 6" + 1" PER LEVEL
DURATION   : INSTANTIOUS
COMPONENTS : V,S,M
CAST TIME  : 1 SEG
SAVE       : N/A
SP SAVE    : N/A
SFF        : 
SOURCE     : The Mage JELECO
AREA EFFECT: SPECIAL
Color Sphere: Brown with white bands
Runes:

    This spell will cause 1 fire dart, per level caster, to
come forth from the caster's hand. The darts look like 
small flames and do 1 pt of damage each. They will hit and 
ignite any flammable objects that it is aimed at.
    The material component is a small amount of sulphur.
123:1

FIRE FEEL

ILLUSION/PHANTASM
RANGE      : 1" PER LEVEL
DURATION   : 1 TURN + 1 RD PER LEVEL
COMPONENTS : V,S,M
CAST TIME  : 1 RD
SAVE       : NEG -3
SP SAVE    : NONE
SFF        :
SOURCE     : The Mage Nosfort
AREA EFFECT: 1 CREATURE
Color Sphere: Grey
Runes:

    This spell causes the target creature to have the 
feeling that the skin on their body is on burning. It 
results in -4 to hit as a result of being unable to 
concentrate. There is a 50% + 5% per level of caster - 5% 
per level(HD) of victum that they will be unable to attack
or cast a spell each round for the duration.
   The material component is a pinch of ash,
124:1

FIRE CHARM

ENCHANTMENT/CHARM
RANGE      : 3"
DURATION   : 3 RDS PER LEVEL
COMPONENTS : V,S,M
CAST TIME  : 1 SEG
SAVE       : NEG
SP SAVE    : NONE
SFF        :
SOURCE     : The Mage Markson
AREA EFFECT: ONE TO SIX CREATURES
Color Sphere: Yellow
Runes:

    This spell causes anyone within sight of a fire source 
to gaze into it without paying heed to anything around them. 
Physical contact and loud noises will not rouse the victum 
from the enchanted state. Only extinguishing the fire source 
or breaking the line of sight will break the spell.
    The Material component is a fire source.
125:1

FREEZING GRASP

ALTERATION
RANGE      : TOUCH
DURATION   : 1 TOUCH
COMPONENTS : V,S
CAST TIME  : 1 SEG
SAVE       : NONE
SP SAVE    : N/A
SFF        : 
SOURCE     : JELECO
AREA EFFECT: CREATURE TOUCHED
Color Sphere: Brown
Runes:

    This spell does 1d8+1 pt/level to the creature touched. 
Once cast, the spell will remain at the caster's ability to 
use until it is used.

126:1

FROST FINGERS

ALTERATION
RANGE      : 0
DURATION   : 1 RD
COMPONENTS : V,S
CAST TIME  : 1 SEG
SAVE       : NONE
SP SAVE    : N/A
SOURCE     : JELECO
AREA EFFECT: SPECIAL
Color Sphere:Brown
Runes:

    This spell is similar to burning hands. A 3' arc of 
frost will radiate fron the MU's fingers in a 120 degree 
arc doing 1 pt/level (no SAVE); all fluids in the area 
effected, freeze (including potions, which cannot be drunk). 
Potions must SAVE or completely lose their potency even when 
defrosted. other fluids containing or non-magical items in 
the area effected must SAVE similarly or be ruined.
127:1

GUARD

CONJURATION
RANGE      : 0
DURATION   : 2 RDS PER LEVEL
COMPONENTS : V, S,
CAST TIME  : 1 SEG
SAVE       : NONE
SP SAVE    : NONE
SOURCE     : The Mage JELECO
AREA EFFECT: 1' RADIUS
Color Sphere: White
Runes:

    This spell will 'block' one physical attack per round.
directed against the caster. The caster must elect which 
attack they choose to block before the round commences.
128:1

HEAL MINOR WOUND (R)

NECROMANCY
RANGE      : TOUCH
DURATION   : PERMANENT
COMPONENTS : V,S,M
CAST TIME  : 1 RD
SAVE       : N/A, 1/2
SP SAVE    : N/A
SOURCE     : The Mage JELECO
AREA EFFECT: 1 CREATURE
Color Sphere: Black
Runes:

    Allows the spell caster to heal a minor wound for 1-4 pts.
for every 3 levels (1 at 1st, 2 at 4th, 3 at 7th, etc.).
    The material component is a drop of troll blood.
129:

ILLUSIONARY STONE

ILLUSION/PHANTASM
RANGE      : 3"+1" PER LEVEL
DURATION   : 3 RDS + 1 RD PER LEVEL
COMPONENTS : V, S, M
CAST TIME  : 1 SEG
SAVE       : NONE
SP SAVE    : NEG
SOURCE     : The Mage Iron Sater
AREA EFFECT: 3"x3"x3"
Color Sphere: Grey
Runes:

    This spell allows the caster to create illusionary
stone/earth. This can be of a shape determined by the 
caster (wall, floor, pit, boulder, etc.). The caster can 
opt to have some small (less than 6 inches high) plant 
growth on the stone.
    The material component is a small pebble and some
dirt.
130:1

INDEX

ALTERATION
RANGE      : TOUCH
DURATION   : 3 HRS PER LEVEL
COMPONENTS : V,S,M
CAST TIME  : 1 HOUR PER DAY
SAVE       : NONE
SP SAVE    : NEG
SFF        :
SOURCE     : The Mage Taslin
AREA EFFECT: ONE OBJECT
Color Sphere: Purple
Runes:

    This spell allow the caster to create a table of 
contents & index to any book, or given enough time, set 
of books. This will be done in the original ir there are 
extra pages, or in a separate book otherwise. This spell 
takes 1 hour per page to be indexed. The book to be indexed 
& the index book must remain undisturbed through the entire
process of each casting, but the magic users attention in 
only required for 1 hour per day.
    The material component is 10 SP worht of ink per page
and a blank book is required.
131:1

INVISIBLE TALKER

ILLUSION/PHANTASM
RANGE      : 1"/LEVEL
DURATION   : 2 RDS/LEVEL
COMPONENTS : V,S
CAST TIME  : 3 SEGS
SAVE       : NEG
SP SAVE    : NEG
SFF        : 
SOURCE     : The Mage Shar the Sly
AREA EFFECT: 1 PERSON
Color Sphere: Grey
Runes:
 
    Target will believe that someone in his party is talking 
to him and he will believe it unless a SP SAVE vs INT is 
made.
    The spell creates the illusion of a conversation. However
it requires special skill to make actual words be heard.
All words not heard in a sentence are merely heard as mumbles.

int of Caster           Words heard
------------------------------------
3-8                         1
9-11                        2
12                          3
13                          4
14                          5
15                          6
16                          7
17-18                       8
19                          9
20+                        10

132:1

LOCATE SELF

INVOCATION
RANGE      : CASTER
DURATION   : INSTANTANIOUSLY
COMPONENTS : V,S
CAST TIME  : 1 SEG
SAVE       : N/A
SP SAVE    : N/A
SFF        : 
SOURCE     : The Mage Jeleco
AREA EFFECT: SELF
Color Sphere: Red
Runes:

    Enables caster to know both the position of magnetic 
north and his approximate distance below or height above 
the surface.
    The spell will also enable the caster the know at the
same time the exact distance and direction the caster 
has traveled from the last casting of the spell.


133:1

MAGIC SHURIKIN

CONJURATION/SUMMONING
RANGE      : 3" + 1" PER LEVEL
DURATION   : 2 TURNS
COMPONENTS : V, S, M
CAST TIME  : 1 RD
SAVE       : NONE
SP SAVE    : NONE
SFF        : 
SOURCE     : The Mage Jeleco
AREA EFFECT: AS SPELL RANGE
Color Sphere: White
Runes:

    This spell creates 1 MAGIC SHURIKIN per 2 levels which 
when thrown (as a skipping stone) reveals razor sharp 
spikes. The rate of fire is 3 per round. It can be used in 
two ways:
    A). When thrown against rigging and/or sails of another 
    ship it has an 80% chance of cutting support ropes and 
    if not will 1-2 go into water 3-4 strike the planking of 
    a ship 5-6 strike the rigging of ones own ship.
    B). It can also be sued against other sailors; when 
    thrown vs. unarmored sailor it has a 65% chance of 
    hitting, less 3% per DEX over 14 for the sailor. The 
    damage is 1-12 and the damage location is:
        01-08 head (1/6 eyes) eyes-permanent blindness
        09-12 neck-throat     die in 1-3 rounds
        13-65 torso
        66-80 arms
        81-00 legs

    The material component is a small palm sized brass disc.
134:1

MANA HEAL

ALTERATION
RANGE      : TOUCH
DURATION   : PERMANENT
COMPONENTS : V, S, M
CAST TIME  : 1 SEG PER MANA
SAVE       : NONE
SP SAVE    : NONE
SOURCE     : The Mage Jeleco
AREA EFFECT: 1 CREATURE OR PERSON
COLOR SPHERE: Green
RUNES:

    This spell allows any spell caster to use his mana to 
the benefit of others by allowing them to repair damage to 
others. This is done with the use of a GOLD needle and by 
taking 1 segment and 1 mana per point to be healed. This 
spell has one advantage in that there is no maximum amount 
that may be healed beyond the limitation of the amount of
mana that the caster of the spell has. Some spell casters 
have put this spell inside of needles for future use and 
this may be done at a cost that is equal to 1 mana for 
every point that is to be stored and no more than 1/4 of 
the casters total mana may be stored and no more than 1
needle per 3 levels like this may be created at once and 
it takes 1 week to make a needle.
    The material component is a gold needle of at least
100 gp value.
135:1

MAPPING

ALTERATION/CONJURATION
RANGE      : 0
DURATION   : 1 DAY
COMPONENTS : V,S,M
CAST TIME  : 1 RD
SAVE       : N/A
SP SAVE    : N/A
SFF        : 
SOURCE     : The Mage Jeleco
AREA EFFECT: 1 MAP
Color Sphere: Purple with white bands
Runes:

    This spell is cast on a piece of vellum or paper and 
linked to another object. Where every the object goes the 
route will be placed on the map. This would allow the 
caster to travel at normal speed through a dungeon without 
having to slow down to map. The map will not show any fine 
details but will at least show the areas that you have
been.
    The material component is a scroll of fine vellum.
136:1

MIRROR, MIRROR EVERYWHERE

ALTERATION
RANGE      : 6" + 1" PER LEVEL
DURATION   : UNTIL DISPELLED
COMPONENTS : V,S,M
CAST TIME  : 1 SEG
SAVE       : N/A
SP SAVE    : NEG
SFF        : 
SOURCE     : The Mage Jeleco
AREA EFFECT: 1" PER LEVEL CUBE
Color Sphere: Green
Runes:

    This spell will crystalize the surface of any solid 
object (even water if cast at the 8th level or higher), 
causing it to reflect light. 
    NOTE:This would be very good in reflecting gaze weapons.
    The material component is a small mirror made of 
silver.
137:1

MUMMIFY

ALTERATION/ENCHANTMENT
RANGE      : 3" + 1" PER LEVEL
DURATION   : 1 TURN
COMPONENTS : V, S, M
CAST TIME  : 1 SEG
SAVE       : NEG
SP SAVE    : NONE
SFF        :
SOURCE     : The Mage Arquin
AREA EFFECT: 1 TO 3 CLOTHED CREATURES
Color Sphere: Green with yellow sparkles
Runes:

    This spell causes any cloth wearing creature to become
wrapped up in their own clothing. Sleeves, leggings and 
hoods will lengthen and close and sew themselves shut, 
effectively immobilizing the victum of the spell. 
The victium(s) must save (-3 for 1, -1 for 2 and normal 
for 3) or be mummified.
    The material component is a strip of cloth.
138:1

PIE IN THE FACE

CONJURATION
RANGE      : 24"
DURATION   : INSTANTANIOUS
COMPONENTS : V,S
CAST TIME  : 1 SEG
SAVE       : MISSED
SP SAVE    : N/A
SOURCE     : The Mage Jeleco
AREA EFFECT: 1 CREATURE+
Color Sphere: White
Runes:

    This spell causes a creme pie, caster's choice (of the
following types-lemon, chocolate, banana, cherry, vanilla, 
coconut, boston or whipped) to appear in front of the target 
and slam into thier face. Save means it missed and continues 
in the direction away from the caster, otherwise the target 
is blinded and confused (defend at -4) until they use 1 rd. 
to remove the pie (extra pie are not cummulative). No 
attacks may be made until this spell is done.

139:1

QUICK STEP

ALTERATION/ENHANCEMENT
RANGE      : V,S
DURATION   : TOUCH
COMPONENTS : V,S,M
CAST TIME  : 1 RD
SAVE       : NONE
SP SAVE    : NEG
SFF        :
SOURCE     : The Mage Iron Sater
AREA EFFECT: 1 CREATURE
Color Sphere: Green
Runes:

    This spell allows one creature touched to be able to run 
at full speed without getting tired over stone, dirt, or 
grasses. At the end of the duration, the creature must stop 
for 1 turn for hour it was running. During this time it can 
do nothing consume liquids and small portions of food. At the 
end of this rest period, the creature will start to gain 
enough energy back to be able to carry on normal activities 
(i.e. eat, walk, etc.). When the creature has stopped for a
time equal to the time it ran, it will be able to carry on 
all activities without penalty (i.e., fight, run, etc.). 
This spell will work well on horses, pack animals, pets, 
etc..
    The material component is a small piece of leather.
140:1

SAND SKIN

CONJURATION/SUMMONING
RANGE      : 0
DURATION   : SPECIAL
COMPONENTS : V, S, M
CAST TIME  : 1 ROUND
SAVE       : NONE
SP SAVE    : NONE
SOURCE     : The mage Iron Sater
AREA EFFECT: CASTER
Color Sphere: White
Runes:

    By this spell, the caster will cover himself with sand 
that will "repel" damage. The caster will be able to cover 
himself with enough sand to block 8 + 1/lvl points of 
damage. The type sand used causes the body to be slightly 
shaded to that color. The spell last until all the points 
are used up. Multiple casting only raise you back to the 
maximum of a single casting.
    The material component is a ground garnet, sandstone, 
or some other type of fine sand.
141:1

SPELL OF AUTO-AWAKENING

ENCHANTMENT
RANGE      : TOUCH
DURATION   : 4 HRS/LEVEL
COMPONENTS : V,S
CAST TIME  : 1 RD.
SAVE       : NONE
SP SAVE    : NONE
SOURCE     : The Mage Jeleco
AREA EFFECT: 1 PERSON/LEVEL
Color Sphere: Yellow
Runes:

    When this spell is cast upon a person before he falls
asleep, then while he is asleep any movement within 30' of 
him will awaken him immediately, except for those who are 
known to be on watch.  He will not know the nature of the 
moving object or its location, but the spell can be tuned 
to ignore rats, cockroaches, etc. The enchantment is 
dispelled when the recipient first awakes, or at the end 
of the spell's duration, whichever occurs first.
142:1

SPIDERS NEST

ABJURATION/CONJURATION
RANGE      : 3" + 1" PER LEVEL
DURATION   : 12 HOURS
COMPONENTS : V,S,M
CAST TIME  : 1 TURN
SAVE       : NONE
SP SAVE    : NONE
SFF        :
SOURCE     : The Mage Arquin
AREA EFFECT: 2" + 1" PER LEVEL RADIUS
Color Sphere: Pink with White Bands
Runes:

    This spell allows the caster to create a web nested on
supporting structures. It can be at ground level or can be 
up in the air with the center at the ranges limit. The 
caster can then climb up and sleep in the center of the web. 
Creatures coming into the area must SAVE vs SPELL or be 
entangled, otherwise their movement is slowed to 1/4 normal 
rate. Regardless, the strands vibration will wake the caster 
and alert the presense of the intruder.
    The material component is a strand from a spider's web.
143:1

STICKY

ALTERATION
RANGE      : 6"
DURATION   : 1 TURN
COMPONENTS : V,S
CAST TIME  : 1 SEG
SAVE       : NEG
SP SAVE    : NONE
SOURCE     : The Mage Markson
AREA EFFECT: 5 SQ FT PER LEVEL
Color Sphere: Green
Runes:

    This spell creates a sticky area which reduces movement 
to 1/2 movement rate. This will negate a slip spell after 5 
segments, meanwhil the "STICKY" spell is still in effect. A 
"MAJOR SLIP" will reduce to "SLIP".
144:1

STONE BLEND

ALTERATION
RANGE      : TOUCH
DURATION   : 1 TURN/LEVEL
COMPONENTS : V,S
CAST TIME  : 1 SEG
SAVE       : NONE
SP SAVE    : NONE
SOURCE     : The Mage Jeleco
AREA EFFECT: 1 CREATURE
Color Sphere: Brown
Runes:

   It allows the caster or 1 creature touched by him to 
blend into the walls of a cavern, thus making himself 
practically invisible unless they should move. Similar 
to a ROBE OF BLENDING.

145:1

TREE SWIPE

ALTERATION
RANGE      : 3" + 1" PER LEVEL
DURATION   : 1 RD + 1 RD PER 3 LEVELS
COMPONENTS : V, S, M
CAST TIME  : 1 SEG
SAVE       : NONE
SP SAVE    : NEG
SOURCE     : The Mage Iron Sater
AREA EFFECT: 1 TREE
Color Sphere: Green
Runes:

    By use of this spell, the caster will control a tree 
branch for the duration. The caster can make the branch 
wave, attack, fan a small breeze, etc. If the branch 
attacks, it does so as a fighter of the same level as the 
caster and will do 2d6 damage. Works only on full size
trees.
    The components are the tree branch, and a verbal "SMACK" 
and swing of the arm.
146:1

Catchcoin 

Eechantment/charm
Level: 1
Range: Touch
Duration: 1 round/level   
Components: V, S, coins/gems/etc.
Casting Time: 1           
Area of Effect: One object/round
Saving Throw: Special
Reference: The Mage Taslin
Color Sphere: Yellow
Runes:
  
  A coin, gem, or other small object can be enchanted 
thusly.  The caster tosses the enchanted object at the 
opponent while telling it to catch the item ("Hey, have a 
gold piece!").  The target must save vs. spells or drop 
anything carried in both hands to catch the object. If 
the save is successful, the target doesn't drop anything, 
but may be hit anyway. A successful attack roll is needed 
for a target that makes its save, and it is automatically 
caught by a target that fails its save. Upon impact (or 
catch), the object explodes for 1hp damage per level 
(half-damage if the target made its initial save).
 147:1

Calm 

Enchantment/charm
(Reversible)
Level: 1 
Range: Touch
Duration: n/a         
Components: V, S
Casting Time: 1       
Area of Effect: One creature
Saving Throw: Negates
Reference:  The Mage Taslin
Color Sphere:Yellow
Runes:
 
  The Calm spell allows the caster to snap another out of
a Berserk state. The reverse, Berserk, immediately puts a
character into a Berserk state. A willing subject can choose
to fail its saving throw. The spell only works on those that
have the ability to Berserk(the spell only quickens things).

148:1

Acid Hands 

Evocation
Range: 0
Components: V,S
Duration: 1 round
Casting Time: 1
Area of Effect: Special
Saving Throw: None
Reference: The Mage Arjav 
Color Sphere: Red
Runes:

This spell is very similar to the first level mage spell 
burning hands (q.v.), except that the caster's hands eject 
a corrosive acid. Damage is one hit point per level of the 
caster.

149:1

Alpha's Acid Stream 

Conjuration
Range: 30 yards
Components: V,S,M
Duration: Instantaneous
Casting Time: 1
Area of Effect: One target
Saving Throw: Special
Reference: The Mage Alpha
Color Sphere: White
Runes:

    The spell causes a thin stream of purplish, hissing 
acid to shoot forth from the caster's outstretched hand, 
out to the maximum range of the spell.  This acid causes 
1d4 damage per level of the caster, up to a maximum of 
8d4.  The intended target may attempt a save vs.
petrification to dodge the jet of acid (save at -4 if 
size G, -2 if size H, -1 if size L, +1 if size S, and +3 
if size T), and if successful the jet of acid will have 
been avoided, and will continue on in a straight line out 
to the extent of its range.  Any creature in the path of 
the acid must save as above or be struck by the spell.  The
Acid Stream can affect only one target in any event.  
    The material component is a drop of any acid.

150:1

Alpha's Electric Arc 

Evocation
Range: 10 yards + 10 yards per level
Components: V,S
Duration: Instantaneous
Casting Time: 1
Area of Effect: One creature
Saving Throw: Special
Reference: The Mage Alpha
Color Sphere: Red
Runes:

   This spell causes an arc of electricity to leap from the 
caster's extended fingertip.  This electricity unerringly 
strikes one target of the caster's choice, inflicting 1d4 
damage, plus one point per level of the caster (up to a 
maximum of +12), with no saving throw.  A target in metal 
armour or wielding a large, mostly metallic weapon (e.g. any
sword, battle axe) must save vs. spells and, if the save is 
failed, the bonus (i.e. per level) damage inflicted by the 
spell is doubled.

151:1

Alpha's Hunting Hound 

Conjuration/Summoning
Range: 10 yards
Components: V,S,M
Duration: 12 turns + 6 turns per level
Casting Time: 1 round
Area of Effect: One creature
Saving Throw: None
Reference: The Mage Alpha
Color Sphere: White
Runes: 40-19-A

    This spell calls a canine creature to be a helper and 
boon companion to the spell caster for the duration of the 
spell.  The type of hound summoned depends upon the caster's 
level, but the hound will always understand verbal commands 
given it, so long as they are 12 words or less and 
relatively simple.  The hound will further also be capable 
of tracking as if a ranger of half the level of the 
summoner, and can hunt sufficiently well to feed the 
spell-caster for one day, provided there is game extant in 
the caster's area.

The type of hound summoned is as follows:

 1st -  3rd level: jackal
 4th -  7th level: wild dog
 8th - 12th level: wolf
13th +      level: dire wolf

If the caster takes a lower-level hound (or a dire wolf when 
18th level), it will have maximum hit points, be +1 to hit 
and on damage, track at +1 level, and can understand even 
relatively complex commands of up to 50 words in length.  
    The material component is a piece of fresh meat.

152:1

Alpha's Sparkle Beam 

Evocation
Range: 0
Components: V,S,M
Duration: Instantaneous
Casting Time: 1
Area of Effect: 1' x 20' x 5' cone
Saving Throw: Special
Reference: The mage Alpha
Color Sphere: Red
Runes:

    This spell draws upon the power of the Positive Material 
Plane and calls forth a ray of golden light.  Anyone in the 
area of effect of the spell must save vs. petrification or 
be blinded for 1 round.  The true function of this spell, 
however, is its use against undead, creatures of the Lower 
Planes, and those drawing power from the Negative Material
Plane or the Plane of Shadow.  Such creatures suffer 1d4 
damage, plus an additional 1d4 at every even level of the 
caster (e.g. 4d4 at 8th), up to a maximum of 8d4.  These 
creatures may save vs. spells to halve this damage.  
    The material component is a bit of crushed sunstone.

153:1

Alpha's Starlight 

Evocation, Illusion
Range: 5 yards per level
Components: V,S,M
Duration: 1 turn per level
Casting Time: 1 round
Area of Effect: 10' square area per level
Saving Throw: None
Reference: The Mage Alpha
Color Sphere: Red with grey bands
Runes:

    This spell illuminates an area as a cloudless outdoor 
night sky filled with stars.  This light is pale and wan, 
and dilutes vision mostly to black and white.  Full visual 
acuity is possible only out to a range of 10 yards, but 
general identification can be made out to 20 yards.
    Stationary figures can be made out at 40 yards, and 
movement detected out to 80 yards.  Intervening cover will, 
of course, reduce sighting distances accordingly.  This 
light does not interfere with infravision, and there are 
ample shadows within the area of effect to hide in.  The
illusionary component of the spell creates the appearance 
of an actual starry night sky.  The area of effect is 
stationary.  
    The material component is a piece of black velvet and 
a few bits of glass.

154:1

Alpha's Wall of Darkness 

Alteration
Range: 60 yards
Components: V,S,M
Duration: 1 round per level
Casting Time: 2
Area of Effect: 10' x 10' square per level
Saving Throw: None
Reference: The Mage Alpha
Color Sphere: Orange
Runes:

    This spell brings into being a wall of blackness which 
cannot be seen through, even with infravision or 
ultravision.  It is dispelled instantly by a light or 
continual light (q.v.) spell.  It has no physical existence, 
and does not hinder nor harm those passing through it.  It
does, however, block the passage of sound from one side to 
the other, assuming that the spell is not cast in such a way 
(such as in a field of grass) which would otherwise allow 
sound to move around the edges of the wall.  
    The material component is some pitch and soot, or a lump 
of coal.

155:1

Last Image 

Divination, Necromancy
Range: 0
Components: V,S
Duration: Instantaneous
Casting Time: 1 round
Area of Effect: One corpse
Saving Throw: None
Reference: The Mage Arjav
Color Sphere: Blue with black bands
Runes:

    When the forensic wizard casts this spell, he sees 
whatever the recipient corpse saw at the very instant of 
death, with the intent of learning the identity of the 
murderer, or at least the location of death. If the 
recipient was killed by a gaze attack, the wizard suffers
this attack as well, but with a +4 bonus to his saving throw.

156:1

Little Death 

Necromancy
Range: 60'
Components: V,S
Duration: 1d4 + 1 rounds
Casting Time: 1
Area of Effect: 1 creature
Saving Throw: Negates
Reference: The Mage Arjav
Color Sphere: Black
Runes:

    This spell may be cast on any living (not golem, undead, 
etc.) creature native to the Prime Material plane and with 
6+4 or less hit dice. The victim must save vs. magic at -3 
or fall paralysed for 1d4 + 1 rounds.

157:1

Murder Weapon 

Divination, Necromancy
Range: Touch
Components: V,S,M
Duration: 1 turn
Casting Time: 1 round
Area of Effect: Special
Saving Throw: None
Reference: The Mage Taslin
Color Sphere: Blue with black bands
Runes:

    The caster of this spell can check one weapon per round 
to determine if it was used to kill a specific corpse, of 
whom he has a blood sample. A "murder weapon" is one which 
reduced the victim to zero hit points, or delivered the 
poison which did so.
    The material component is the object being checked and 
it is not consumed in the casting.


158:1

Detect Poison 

Divination, Necromancy
Range: 0
Components: V,S
Duration: 1 turn
Casting Time: 1 round
Area of Effect: Special
Saving Throw: None
Reference: THe Mage Taslin
Color Sphere: Blue with black bands
Runes:

    With this spell, the forensic wizard can determine if a 
corpse has been poisoned. One corpse can be checked each 
round. The wizard can determine the means by which the 
poison was administered and the place at which it entered 
the body, and he has a 5% chance per level of being able to 
exactly identify the poison.

159:1

Association 

Divination
Range: 0
Components: V,S
Duration: Instantaneous
Casting Time: 5
Area of Effect: Two surfaces
Saving Throw: None
Reference: The Mage Taslin
Color Sphere: Blue
Runes:

    When casting this spell, the forensic wizard must brings 
two surfaces into contact with one another. Possibilities 
include the surface of a jewel and that of a safe, or the 
surface of an arrow and that of a bow. If the two surfaces 
were ever before adjacent, the spell so indicates, and if 
the surfaces were ever directly connected as a single
item, an even stronger reading results.

160:1

Cat Spirit 

Alteration
Range: Touch
Components: SM
Duration: 1 turn per level
Casting Time: 5
Area of Effect: Creature touched
Saving Throw: Negates
Reference: The Sorceress Tabi
Color Sphere: Green
Runes:

    The cat form spell grants many of the abilities 
traditionally associated with cats, though it does not 
significantly alter the features of the recipient. The 
spell grants a +2 bonus to stealth, as the recipient's 
tread will be absolutely quiet for the duration. The
spell also halves all damage taken from falls and allows 
the recipient to land on his or her feet. Finally, it 
grants the ability to grow claws, allowing each hand to 
do 1d3 damage. It does not, however, improve singing 
ability. 
    The material component is whiskers from a cat.

161:1

Electric Blades 

Evocation
Range:0 
Components: V,M
Duration:Until discharged 
Casting Time: 1
Area of Effect:2 bladed objects 
Saving Throw: None 
Reference: The Mage Shar
Color Sphere: Red
Runes:

    This spell must be cast with a metal blade of some sort 
in each hand. Both blades then acquire a flickering blue 
glow.  When a hit by either blade is scored it causes 1-4 
+ 2 points per level of the caster, more points of damage 
of electricity. If both blades hit the same target in the 
same round the victim must save versus petrification or be 
stunned for one round. Each blade only shocks once and then 
is normal again.
    The material component is the blade to be affected, and
a small piece of silk to be passed over it during the 
casting.

162:1

Find Water 

Divination
Range: 1 mile, depth 10 feet per level
Components: S,M
Duration: 2 rounds per level
Casting Time: 1 turn
Area of Effect: 20 times arc
Saving Throw: None
Reference: The Mage Arjav
Color Sphere: Blue
Runes:

    When casting this spell, the diviner grasps two ends of 
a Y-shaped twig. The remaining end twists around to point 
in the direction of the nearest source of fresh water within 
the spell range. The branch can twist but twenty degrees, 
and then the diviner will feel a tug in the direction of the 
water. The diviner can specify a minimum amount of water to 
seek (greater than the amount in a human body, for example).

163:1

Guilda's Treacherous Tripwire 

Enchantment/Charm
Range: Touch
Components: V,S,M
Duration: 1 minute per level
Casting Time: 1
Area of Effect: 1 tripwire
Saving Throw: Negates
Reference: The Sorceress Guilda
Color Sphere: Yellow
Runes:

    One wire (up to 10' long) can be stretched across a 
hall, or such.  The wire becomes camouflaged--undetectable 
w/o find traps.  The first creature tO attempt to pass must 
save vs. wands (add dexterity defensive adjustment) or be 
caught when the wire springs free.  The wire will twine 
tightly about the ankles of its victim, tripping him. It 
must then be tediously untangled (or sawed loose) which will 
take at least 30 seconds under ideal conditions.  If hacked 
loose in combat, it will take 1 round, and the victim will 
take 1d4 damage unless an enchanted blade is used (which 
will cut without effort).  Note that the wire is required, 
but not consumed. 
    The material component is a small spring.

164:1

Inaudibility 

Illusion/Phantasm
Range: Touch
Components: V,S,M
Duration: 1 hour per level
Casting Time: 2
Area of Effect: Creature touched
Saving Throw: Negates
Reference: The Mage Arjav
Color Sphere: Grey
Runes:

    This spell completely masks all sounds made by the 
recipient: bodily functions such as breathing and sleeping 
as well as sounds made by striking another object (walking, 
for example). Any object held by the recipient is likewise 
silenced. Objects thrown, dropped, or knocked over by the 
recipient are not under the effect of the spell, however,
and these may make noise at the ends of their trajectories. 
An unwilling victim receives a saving throw against this 
spell. 
    The material component is a bit of cotton.

165:1

Protection from Chaos 

Abjuration
(Reversible)
Range: Touch
Components: V,S,M
Duration: 2 rounds per level
Casting Time: 1
Area of Effect: Creature touched
Saving Throw: None
Color Sphere:Pink
Runes:

    This spell is very similar to protection from evil 
(q.v.) except in its purpose and intent; it keeps out 
chaotic, as well as summoned or enchanted creatures. It 
acts as magical armour on the recipient; the protection 
encircles the recipient at a one foot distance, thus
preventing bodily contact by creatures of an enchanted or 
summoned or chaotic nature. Summoned animals or monsters 
are similarly hedged from the protected being.
    Furthermore, any and all attacks launched by chaotic 
creatures incur a penalty of -2 from dice rolls to hit the 
protected creature, and any saving throws caused by such 
attacks are made at +2 on the protected being's dice. This 
spell can be reversed to become protection from law, 
although it still keeps out enchanted or summoned chaotic 
creatures as well.
    To complete this spell, the mage must trace a 3 feet 
diameter circle upon the floor/ground with powdered obsidian 
for protection from law and powdered glass for protection 
from chaos; or in the air using burning incense or burning 
dung with respect to law/chaos.

166:1

Quantas's Target Bow 

Enchantment
Range: Touch
Components: V,S,M
Duration: 2d4 + 1 round per level
Casting Time: 2
Area of Effect: One bow
Saving Throw: None
Reference: the Sorceress Quantas
Color Sphere: Yellow
Runes:

    While this spell is in effect, any arrows fired from the 
bow (which may not be a crossbow) are +2 to hit a specific 
target. The caster must be able to see the target, and call 
his/her shot. The +2 only affects hits on the target, not on 
someone/something that gets in the way.

If the target is in melee, the target gets a +2 to it's size 
rating when the DM determines the odds of hitting the target 
as opposed to those around it. For example, if firing on a 
size six giant who is in melee with a size two elf, there 
would normally be a one in three chance to hit the elf. With 
target bow in effect, the giant would be raised to size 
eight, giving only a one in four chance to hit the elf.
Should the arrow go at the elf anyway, it would not get its 
+2 to hit (since the giant is the target).

Note that the arrow fired from the target bow is in no way
magical. The material component is a feather from a bird of 
prey, rubbed against the bow string.
167:1

Skeleton 

Necromancy
Range: Touch
Components: V,S,M
Duration: Permanent
Casting Time: 1 hour
Area of Effect: 1 corpse
Saving Throw: None
Reference: The Mage Necros
Color Sphere: Black
Runes:

    With this spell, The necromancer can turn one humanoid 
corpse into a skeleton. The skeleton may then be controlled 
as per animate dead. A mage may only have in existence 
through us of this spell one skeleton per level.  

    The material component of this spell is a salve that
requires 50 gp and 24 uninterrupted hours to create.

    Hit points of the skeleton are determined randomly. 
Disposing of skeletons with insufficient hit points is 
possible, if expensive. When a skeleton created by this 
spell is damaged, the damage cannot be repaired.
168:1

Small Fire Ball 

Evocation
Range: 5 yards + 5 yards per level
Components: V,S,M
Duration: Instantaneous
Casting Time: 2
Area of Effect: 1 target
Saving Throw: 1/2
Reference: The Mage Arquin
Color Sphere: Red
Runes:

    This is similar to a normal Fireball spell with the 
following exceptions: only one target is affected (the 
caster chooses the target and the Fireball expands until 
the target is engulfed), damage is 1d4 per caster's level 
(up to a maximum of 10d4), and exposed items receive a +2 
on their saving throws. 
    The material components for this spell are a bit of 
burning incense, and any gem worth at least 5 GP; both are
consumed with the casting.
169:1

Spirit Command 

Enchantment/Charm
Range: 30 yards
Components: V
Duration: 1 round
Casting Time: 1
Area of Effect: One creature
Saving Throw: None
Reference: The Mage Necros
Color Sphere: Yellow
Runes:

    This spell enables the mage to command a spirit or 
extra-planar creature with a single word. The command can 
be uttered in a language the creature can understand (or 
a language the creator could understand if it is a summoned 
spirit). Spirits and creatures with 6 or more hit dice 
receive a save; spells save at their caster's level (if the 
caster is at least of sixth level).
170:1

Time of Death 

Divination, Necromancy
Range: Touch
Components: VS
Duration: Instantaneous
Casting Time: 9
Area of Effect: One corpse
Saving Throw: None
Reference: The Mage Taslin
Color Sphere: blue with black bands
Runes:

    This spell allows the forensic wizard to estimate the 
time of death of the recipient corpse to within 5% if the 
corpse has been dead no more than one day per level of the 
caster, to within 20% otherwise.

