Magical Spells of levels 4-6 for AD&D-

Here are some spells for your mage that will allow him to have the latest in
magical power.  These spells are original creations by Pendragon Productions
and we ask that if you like what you see to consider making a donation.  For
a small fee of $3 or more we will send back to you 6 additional spells for
each level 4-6.  Send your donations to:
Pendragon Productions
c/o John Marchetti
PO Box 8147
Foster City  CA  94404
Thank you for taking the time to read the boring stuff now enjoy and hopefully
gain some use from the spells to follow.

4th level

Warner's Weapon Wielding (Alteration)
Range: Touch
Components:V,S
Duration:2 turns
Casting Time:2
Area of Effect:One creature
Saving Throw:None

This spell when cast upon someone will grant them the ability to temporarily
be proficient in all known forms of weapons.  This spell does not give any
bonuses to hit or damage, only the ability to know how to wield any type of
weapon.  Note that the character must be able to wield the weapon within the
limits of his class in order for the spell to work.

Fire Snout (Evocation)
Range:0
Components:V,S,M
Duration:Instant
Casting Time:3
Area of Effect:20' by 30' cone
Saving Throw:1/2

This spell allows the user to breath fire out of his nose.  The fire shoots
from each nostril towards it's target and when it hits does 1d8 damage per
level up to a maximum of 12d8.  The fire comes out of each nostril and joins
into one stream of flame.  The material component of the spell is ashes that
the user must snort while preparing to cast.

Create Wings (Conjuration)
Range:0
Components:V,S
Duration:1 hour/level
Casting Time:1 round
Area of Effect:1 creature
Saving Throw:None

This spell creates wings on the back of any humanoid creature of up to ogre
size.  It allows the creature to fly at a rate of 120' per round for the 
duration of the spell.  At the end of the spell the wings will suddenly
disappear, leaving no time to react.

5th level-

Light Bridge (Conjuration)
Range:100 yards
Components:V,S,M
Duration:12 rounds
Casting Time:2
Area of Effect:300'
Saving Throw:None

This spell creates a bridge of light that will span any chasm or gap up to
300' across.  The maximum weight the bridge can hold at any one time is 2000
pounds.  The spell caster must be the last one to cross the bridge.  The bridge
is wide enough to let two man sized creatures walk side by side.  The material
component for the spell is a piece of material that used to be attached to
a bridge of any substance.

Maggot Death (Necromancy)
Range:10'
Components:V,S
Duration:Special
Casting Time:1 round
Area of Effect:One creature
Saving Throw:Neg

This evil spell requires that the user strike the intended target with open
handed attack.  Upon a solid hit the touch of the spell caster implants
within the target 1d6 maggots that burrow towards the target's heart.  The
target must get the maggots out of his system before 1d8 rounds or the maggots
will eat into the flesh of the heart causing instant death.  The maggots can
be burned out or removed via a cure disease spell.  This spell does not
effect creatures that do not have a heart.

Claws of Doom (Alteration)
Range:0
Components:V,S
Duration:1 turn
Casting Time:2
Area of Effect:The caster
Saving Throw:None

This spell turns the caster's hands into deadly clawed weapons that do 1d12
damage per blow.  The caster may attack twice per round, once with each hand
at no penalities to hit.  No other spells may be cast by the user during
the length of this spell.

6th level-

Flail of Energy (Evocation)
Range:0
Components:V,S,M
Duration:1 round/level
Casting Time:2
Area of Effect:the caster
Saving Throw:None

This spell summons into being a magical flail of pure energy.  This weapon does
not require any profenciency in flails to be used.  Only the caster can wield
this weapon.  The weapon is +3 for purposes of combat and does 1d6 damage per
blow.  It is not a missile weapon.  Due to it's pure energy content, all non
magical metal armor is ignored for purposes of caluclating opponent's armor 
class.  The component of the spell is a small crystal sphere that the user
must spin in his hand in order to get the transformation to occur.

Ward of the Dead (Necromancy)
Range:0
Components:V,S
Duration:1 hour/level
Casting Time:1 turn
Area of Effect:40' by 40' square
Saving Throw:Special

This spell when cast surrounds the caster and other living beings in the area
of effect with a magical shield that is non movable from the spot it is cast
in.  This shield keeps out all undead of 8HD or lower.  Undead of 8HD to 12HD
save vs spells at -2 to pass through.  Undead of 12HD or higher can pass freely
through the ward.  At the end of the spell the caster must wait two full days
before the spell can be cast again.

Power Missile (Evocation)
Range:50 yards
Components:V,S
Duration:Special
Casting Time:7
Area of Effect:One or more creatures
Saving Throw:None

This spell is an enhanced version of magic missile.  It shoots forth two 
missiles of pure energy per 3 levels of the mage at any targets within range
of the spell.  Each missile does 1d6 damage.  The maximun number of sets of
missiles is six (18 missiles total).  The missiles do not have to be all
shot at once but the caster may do no more than walk in order to keep
concentration for the spell.  Any other action will end the spell, wasting
any missiles that are unused.  The maximum number of missiles that may be
shot in any one round is six.


Pendragon Productions Catalog

Pendragon Productions is a new shareware company dedicated to providing
the best in quality shareware entertainment.  Pendragon Productions plans
on bringing you many quality products over the next several months.  Listed
below are some of our upcoming products as well as projected release dates.
Note that some of these products will have a registration fee that will
give you certain benefits with that particular product.  The rest of
our products will be free and hopefully of great enjoyment to you.  If you
have any questions, comments, or suggestions feel free to get in touch
with us in one of the following manners:

Internet address:JOHNM81593@AOL.COM
America Online address:JOHNM81593
Compuserve address:76150,3330
Prodigy Address:DVPN74A
Mailing address:  Pendragon Productions
		  c/o John Marchetti
		  PO Box 8147
		  Foster City, CA  94404
BBS Number: Reality's Edge BBS-coming soon!!!
FAX Number:415-571-6936

Thank you once again for taking the time to investigate what we have to 
offer.  Now check out what we have coming up:

-Advanced Dungeons & Dragons support files:

	-Elvish Swords-a list of magical swords forged by elves that
	 would make the finest elvish warrior drool.  
	 Release date: Released
	-Dwarvish Weapons-a list of magical dwarvish weapons that will
	 split the skull of even the toughest orc.
	 Release date: Released
	-Dwarvish Armor-a list of magical dwarvish armor forged to protect
	 the most stubborn race in existence.
	 Release date: Released 
	-Elvish Armor-a list of magical elvish armor that will make your
	 elf the prettiest on the block
	 Release date: Released
	-Magical Items-a list of items of varying shapes and sizes that
	 will make all of your monsters' treasure troves complete.
	 Release date:last week of May 1994
	-Magical Spells-some 1st to 3rd level spells that will make your
	 wimpy mages live a little bit longer.
	 Release date: Released 
	-Magical Spells II-some 4th to 6th level spells that will boost
	 the confidence of your wizard.
	 Release date: Released
	-Magical Spells III-some 7th to 9th level spells that will rock
	 the world your wizard lives in.
	 Release date: Released
-Advanced Dungeons & Dragons modules:
	-Cave of Wonders & Death-a mid level (7th to 10th)adventure that will 
	  test the skills of your characters and reward them well if they survive 
	  and flay them alive if they fail.
	  Release date:third week of May 1994
	-Lair of the Wyrm-a high level adventure (11th to 20th) in which
	 the characters must free the land from the power of a ancient red
	 dragon.
	 Release date:last week of July 1994
-Tracks for Stunts:
	-Set One-a dozen tracks for the driving game Stunts that will test
	 your skill as a driver
	 Release date:last week of May 1994
	-Set Two-another dozen tracks for Stunts.
	 Release date:last week of July 1994
	-Set Three-yet another dozen tracks for Stunts.
	 Release date:last week of September 1994
-Misc. Products:
	-Legacy of Arthur-a module for SSI's Unlimited Adventures loosely 
	 based on Arthurian legends.  
	 Release date:second week of August 1994
	-Five Towers of Astonia-a graphic role playing adventure that uses
	 VGA graphics and Soundblaster support to put you into a mythical 
	 world where you must conquer evil.
	 Release date:last week of December 1994
	-Psycho Dance-a text and graphic adventure where you take a trip
	 to the farside of reality as you play the role of a psycho who
	 kidnaps young women to dance with them.  This game features over
	 100 digitized photos with real actors.  This game will have a 
	 voluntary rating of R due to it's adult situations.
	 Release date:first week of October 1994
	-RADS-a paper and pencil military strategy game starting with
	 the development of continents on a map.  You will make allies,
	 build cities, produce weaponry, and pray for survival.
	 Release date:third week of September 1994

We hope that you look forward to our diverse selection of products.  
Pendragon Productions looks forward to helping you to satisfy your gaming
needs.

	



