
:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:
         -----=====Earth's Dreamlands=====-----
         (313)558-5024 - Supra 14.4 - Sysop: Gug
               A Game Master Support BBS
          RPG, Homebrew Beer,  & Fiction Text
.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.

   This file is a list of new spells and psionic powers for TSR's AD&D game.
It was originally posted to the ADND-L mailing list in July, 1992. Any
comments or feedback can be sent to JDELISLE@LOYOLA.EDU

SPELLS


Freeze (Enchantment)
Level: 1
Range: 30 feet
Components: VS
Duration: Instantaneous
Casting Time: 1
Area of Effect: 8 cubic feet per level  (2' x 2' x 2' cube)
Saving Throw: None

      This spell instantly freezes a quantity of water in any shape the caster
desires. If a living creature has any part of it inside the area of effect,
it can make a saving throw vs. paralyzation (with a +4 bonus) to escape, or
be stuck in the ice. The ice is nonmagical and can be affected normally.


Mist (Evocation)
Level: 1
Range: 20 yards
Components: VS
Duration: 2 rounds/level
Casting Time: 1
Area of Effect: up to one 50-foot cube per level
Saving Throw: None

      Mist creates a huge fog cloud that can be seen through, but reduces the
range of vision greatly. In normal use, all sighting distances (in the PHBv2)
are halved. Vision can be decreased to a third of its normal range by
reducing the area of effect to one cube (with a 25 foot side) per level.
      The shape of the cloud must be rectangular. For example, a 2nd level
mage could create a Mist cloud 100'x50'x50'.


Coin Toss (Alteration)
Level: 2
Range: 30 feet
Components: SM
Duration: Instantaneous
Casting Time: 2
Area of Effect: One Metal Coin (preferably gold)
Saving Throw: None

      Coin Toss gives an electrical charge to a single metallic coin, which is
then thrown at the target. The casting of the spell appears to be rather
innocuous, but a bit theatrical (ie, taking approx 10 seconds to take a coin
out of a purse). Only a mage who has this spell, someone actively using the
spellcraft proficiency (and states it), or someone who has fallen victim to
this spell before will recognize that Coin Toss is being cast. Upon
completing the spell, the caster throws the coin at the intended victim,
requiring an attack roll. Treat metal armor as AC 10, but allow for any
magical or dexterity bonuses. If the victim is actively trying to catch the
coin, consider it an automatic hit ("Take my last gold piece, thief!"). If
the attack is successful, the victim takes 1 point of damage per caster level
(maximum 16 points). If the coin is gold or another good conductor, add 1
point to the damage roll. If the victim is wearing metal armor, add 1d4 to
the damage roll.
      The material component is the coin being throw, which is consumed in the
casting.


Stealth Missile (Evocation)
Level: 2
Range: 10 yards + 5/level
Components: S
Duration: Instantaneous
Casting Time: 2
Area of Effect: 1 or more creatures in a 10 foot by 10 foot area
Saving Throw: None

      This spell is the same as a Magic Missile spell, except that it can be
cast in absolute silence, and its missiles are extremely hard to see (5%
chance per observer's level). It is perfect for those who need quiet and
mage/thieves.


Vanquil's Tent (Alteration)
Level: 2
Range: 0
Components: V
Duration: 4 hours + 1 hour/level
Casting Time: 2
Area of Effect: 11' radius sphere
Saving Throw: None

      This spell is a lesser version of Leomund's Tiny Hut. It will keep out
winds of up to 50 miles per hour, as well as one type of precipitation (rain,
snow, sleet, hail, etc) that is named at casting time and cannot be changed.
For example, if the spell was cast to keep out rain, but the weather changed
to hail, the hail would be able to enter the Tent. As with Leomund's Tiny
Hut, the caster cannot leave the Tent without ending the spell. Temperatures
inside the tent are the same as those outside the tent, but there is enough
room inside for a small fire.
      Vanquil developed this spell as a lower-level alternative to the Tiny
Hut, since he typically used all of his third level spells in combat.


Gymlainac's Lightbend (Alteration - Wild Magic)
Level: 3
Range: 0
Components: V
Duration: 1d4 + 1 round/level
Casting Time: 3
Area of Effect: Creature Touched
Saving Throw: None

      This wild magic spell bends light waves around the recipient, creating
an effect similar to the 2nd level spell Blur and a Cloak of Displacement.
The recipient's form is both blurred and sways (regardless of movement),
making him much more difficult to hit. When the spell is cast, roll 1d4 to
determine the armor class and saving throw bonus.
      This spell was developed by the wild mage Gymlainac, in an effort to
create a wild magic version of Invisibility.


Timejump (Enchantment, Alteration)
Level: 3
Range: 0
Components: V
Duration: 1 round (special)
Casting Time: 1
Area of Effect: The Caster
Saving Throw: None

      Timejump allows the teleport ahead in time by (roughly) 60 seconds. When
the spell is cast, the caster disappears for 1 round, and then reappears in
the same place. For the caster, the shift in time is instantaneous, so he
cannot prepare for "re-entry" in any way. The caster reappears at the same
time in the round that he disappeared (using initiative as a clock), and
cannot take any actions during the round of "re-entry". If a solid object is
blocking the spot where the caster will re-appear, then he will be trapped in
the Astral Plane. Getting home is up to the caster.



Timespeed (Alteration, Enchantment)
Level: 3
Range: 30 feet
Components: VM
Duration: 2 rounds/level
Casting Time: 3
Area of Effect: 20' by 20' square, 1 creature per 2 levels
Saving Throw: None

      This spell is similar to a Haste spell, but instead of speeding up the
recipients' metabolic reactions, Timespeed alters the flow of time around the
recipients. As a result, for every minute that passes in the real world, 2
minutes passes for those affected. Because time itself is being changed,
those affected by this spell do not age. On the downside, all spells or spell
effects cast on the recipients of a Timespeed only last half as long (going
by "real world" time), regardless of whether or not they were cast before or
during the Timespeed. The maintenance cost of psionic powers that affect only
the psionicist is doubled as well. Spellcasters cast spells as if they were
under the influence of an Alacrity spell (TSR's Tome of Magic).
      The material components are two clock faces painted on slate, one an
hour ahead of the other. These are consumed during the casting.


Vanquil's Immunity To Pain (Illusion/Phantasm, Enchantment)
Level: 3
Range: 0
Components: VS
Duration: 1 round/level
Casting Time: 2
Area of Effect: Creature Touched
Saving Throw: Special

      This spell is a mixed blessing. It prevents the subject from feeling any
kind of pain, either from wounds or artificially induced (ie, magic,
psionics). Thus, spellcasters and psionicists can use their abilities
regardless of what kind of damage they take in a round, and tortures and
pain-inflicting abilities (like the psionic Inflict Pain) do not affect the
recipient. On the downside, the recipient is unaware of any hit point losses,
poisoning, disease, etc., and does not know if he has been hit or needs
healing. The recipient could be down to 1 hit point and not know it. Low
intelligence creatures tend to feel invulnerable while under this spell (no
pain, no injury), while higher intelligence ones realize the danger of the
situation.
      Unwilling creatures get a saving throw versus spell.


Vanquil's Snowball (Evocation, Enchantment)
Level: 3
Range: 25 yards/level
Components: VS
Duration: Instantaneous
Casting Time: 1
Area of Effect: One creature
Saving Throw: Special

      This spell functions like improved version of Snilloc's Snowball
(although developed without knowledge of Snilloc or his spells). When cast,
it creates a blue-white snowball in the caster's hand, which is then thrown
in the same round, with a chance to hit equal to the caster's THAC0 +3. As it
flies towards the target, the snowball expands to become a three-foot
diameter mound of snow. Neither Shield nor Protection From Normal Missiles
(or similar spells) will stop the Snowball, but a Minor Globe of
Invulnerability will. Immunity to cold will not prevent damage, nor being
knocked over if the save is failed, but will prevent the target from being
unable to cast spells.
      If the target makes his saving throw vs. spell, he takes 1d2 points of
damage per caster level (maximum 8d2 points of damage), and cannot cast
spells in that round or the next round.
      If the target fails his saving throw, he takes 1d2 points of damage per
caster level (up to 8d2), is knocked down (ie, prone), and the intense cold
prevents spellcasting for the next 1d6+1 rounds (due to severe shivers and
chattering teeth).
      This spell was developed as an anti-spellcaster weapon, and definitely
_not_ intended for general use. It appears here only because the formula was
stolen by an ungrateful apprentice of the elven mage Vanquil. Despite the
fact that the apprentice was killed by Vanquil himself less than two weeks
after the theft, the spell had already been circulated to several
unscrupulous mages. 


Paranoia (Enchantment, Illusion/Phantasm)
Level: 4
Range: 10 yards/level
Components: VSM
Duration: 1 hour + 3 turns/level
Casting time: 6
Area of Effect: One Creature
Saving Throw: Special

      Paranoia is a spell used to unnerve and frighten humanoid creatures. If
the target makes a saving throw vs. spell with a -3 penalty (adjusted for
Wisdom), then he will greatly desire to leave his present location, but will
suffer no other ill effects. Elves have a 5% chance to resist the effects of
the spell, but still get a saving throw.
      Creatures who fail the saving throw are convinced that "everyone is out
to get them". The spell creates a hallucinatory person who follows the target
everywhere, but "disappears" when looked for. The target also has the feeling
that he is being watched, and in fact has a chance (5% per caster level) of
thinking someone nearby is spying on him. The target believes that everyone
is talking about him, especially those whose conversations he can't hear.
Remove Curse or Heal will restore the person's mind, but Dispel Magic will
not. Furthermore, any action that requires concentration (spellcasting,
turning undead, using a psionic ability or thief skill, etc) has a chance to
fail to the victim's highly emotional state. The chance of failure is:
(level Paranoia's caster * 5%) - 30%. 
      The end result of this spell is that anyone who fails their saving throw
will be branded insane or bewitched, and treated appropriately. NPC's who are
subjected to this spell will spend at least the next day sulking, still
afraid of everyone (this is not a magical effect, simply an after-effect). If
an NPC knows who cast the spell, they will either be afraid of the caster
(for weaker NPC's) or very angry (stronger NPC's).
      For example: Two mages cast Paranoia at Strongarm and Bloodaxe, who are
in a large dining room. Bloodaxe makes his saving throw, and becomes aware of
something being "wrong" in the room. He leaves, wary of what might be out
there, but more afraid of what is inside. Bloodaxe suffers no other ill
effects. Strongarm fails his saving throw, and becomes convinced that
everyone in the room is either plotting against him, or spying on him. In
fact, he's certain that the Duke is spying on him. Not willing to fight
everyone in the room ("they're all out to get me!"), Strongarm flees. As he
runs down an empty hallway, he gets the feeling he's being followed, and
actually sees someone in the corner of his eye. When Strongarm tries to
confront his "shadow", he finds nothing. Once the spell expires, he will
still feel uneasy (memories of having everyone against you are not easily
forgotten!), but will no longer act abnormally.
      This spell was developed by Vanquil as a response to another mage's
powerful mental spell, which caused great pain in its victims (specifically,
Corinna and her Psiblade. Corinna has yet to experience a Paranoia spell...).
This spell does not carry Vanquil's name since he does not wish it to be
traced back to him (for good reason).
      The material components are either a lock of hair from a madman or a
drop of blood from an assassinated noble or official.


Understanding (Divination)
Level: 4
Range: 5 feet/level
Components: VS
Duration: 1 round + 1 round/level
Casting Time: 4
Area of Effect: One Creature
Saving Throw: Negates

      This spell allows the caster get use both ESP and Empathy on a creature
if it fails a saving throw vs. spell with a -2 penalty. For more detailed
information, like memories or motivations, someone else must ask the caster
the question. The caster's player can UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES supply questions
for other people to ask!!! Doing so ends the spell immediately (forcing the
caster back into his own mind). One question per round is reasonable for easy
questions, but long or complicated questions can take longer (up to the DM).
A common language is not needed between caster and target, and the caster
always replies in the tongue he uses most. While the spell is in effect, all
the caster can do is answer questions without ending the spell. The spell can
be ended at any time, simply by willing it to end.
      For example: A mage casts Understanding on a dragon attacking a town,
and learns (by ESP and Empathy) that it is angry and plans to destroy the
town. The mage's apprentice asks the mage why the dragon is attacking,
allowing the mage to probe the dragon's memories, and discover some humans
stole the dragon's eggs. The mage lets the spell end, to try and bargain with
the dragon.



Vanquil's Backbiter (Abjuration, Evocation)
Level: 4
Range: 0
Components: VSM
Duration: 4 hours + 1 hour/level  OR  until used
Casting Time: 2 rounds
Area of Effect: The caster
Saving Throw: None

      Vanquil's Backbiter is a way of protecting against a thief's backstab
attack. The spell is triggered when any non-missile, non-energy (ie, magic,
psionics, breath weapon, etc) hits the caster from behind without his
knowledge. A backstabbing thief or an invisible/silenced fighter counts, so
long as the caster is surprised. The spell is considered "activated" when the
weapon of such a person comes within 3 inches (1/4 of a foot) of the caster's
back. Activation requires no thought or effort from the spellcaster, but the
Backbiter cannot be consciously activated.
      When activated, the spell instantly creates a brief Stoneskin effect on
the caster's back, preventing the weapon from doing any damage (on the first
attack). It then releases a burst of energy missiles (similar to a magic
missile) at the backstabber, causing 1-2 points of damage per level (maximum
of 10d2). The energy missiles never miss, and a Shield or Protection From
Normal missiles will not prevent damage.
      Only one Backbiter can be in effect at any one time. If another is cast
before the first is used, it is lost. The material component is a small
diamond of any size and the eyes of a common housefly.


Vanquil's Cellular Regeneration (Necromancy)
Level: 4
Range: Touch
Components: VSM
Duration: 4 rounds
Casting Time: 4
Area of Effect: One Creature
Saving Throw: None

      Cellular Regeneration is a spell that increases the growth rate of the
body's various tissues, causing them to mend together faster. Once the
recipient is touched, the spell begins to work, restoring damage according to
the table below:

      Round      Healing
      -----      -------
        1          1  HP
        2         1d4 HP
        3         1d4 HP
        4          1  HP

      If the recipient performs any strenuous activity during the spell
duration (like combat, casting spells over third level, or using a psionic
power that requires a Constitution check), the spell is immediately aborted.
All hit points are gained at the _end_ of the appropriate round. Due to the
stress of regeneration, this spell can not be cast more than once per person
for increased healing. For the spell to be effective again, the recipient
must take more damage. 
      The material component is a piece of troll flesh that has been burned in
acid.

NOTE: This spell is intended to give mages some curative abilities, not to
replace clerics. The spell is _much_ less powerful that the equivalent Cure
Serious Wound, both in terms of damage and limitations. I would suggest that
DM's limit the spell to be useful to a single person only once per day
(regardless of injuries). If you wish to increase the level of the spell,
that's up to you. I would not recommend banning it -- unless all the NPC
necromancers in your world are murderous scum with an obsession for dead
things. :-)


Vanquil's Iceball (Evocation _or_ Conjuration)
Level: 4
Range: 100 yards + 10/level
Components: VS
Duration: Instantaneous
Casting Time: 4
Area of Effect: 20' radius sphere
Saving Throw: 1/2

      There are actually 2 different Iceball spells: An evocation version and
a conjuration version. Both versions do 1d6 points of damage per level, up to
10d6, with a saving throw for half damage. The area of effect is a sphere
with a 20 foot radius. The spells differ as follows:
      _Evocation_ version: The spell drains thermal energy from the affected
area, producing intense cold. There is no pressure caused by the Iceball, so
unlike a fireball, the chilled area conforms to the surroundings (like
Snilloc's Snowball Swarm). Therefore, it can be used in confined areas
without the danger of a backfire. The Evocation Iceball WILL freeze all
exposed liquids, and if cast underwater, will create a 40' diameter ball of
ice (creatures inside area save vs. paralyzation to avoid entrapment). The
ball of ice will immediately float to the surface. Creatures immune to cold
take no damage from this version.
      _Conjuration_ version: This version draws forth ice and cold from the
Para-Elemental Plane of Ice, causing a destructive blast of ice. The Conjured
Iceball will NOT conform to its surroundings, and will expand to its full
area of effect, just like a fireball. Underwater, this version does only 1d4
points of damage per level, and does not create any large pieces of ice.
Fragile objects (vials, mirrors, etc) must save vs. crushing blow to survive
the ice barrage. Creatures immune to cold will still take 1-2 points of
physical damage per level (unless immune to normal missiles). Because this
version accesses an Elemental plane, it will not function while spelljamming
in the Flow or in other situations where access to the elemental planes is
cut off.


Vanquil's Lightshed (Alteration)
Level: 4
Range: 60 yards
Components: VS
Duration: 1 turn/level or until used up
Casting Time: 3 rounds
Area of Effect: Special
Saving Throw: None

      Lightshed is a spell that creates multiple Continual Light spheres, one
per level. The caster can create one Continual Light sphere per round, and
can take any actions while the spell is in effect (except cast other spells).
Continual Light spheres can be created as often as the caster wishes, up to
the spell limits. The spheres created by Lightshed are permanent and
essentially the same as Continual Light, but Lightshed cannot be used against
a living creature (doing so will end the spell).
      Lightshed was created so that a mage could quickly and easily "cast"
multiple Continual Light spells per day, without wasting every 2nd level
spell available. This spell is also useful for mages who wish to earn money
by lighting up local castles or dungeons, since the "average" price of a
Continual Light is 50 g.p. per sphere.


Vanquil's Milling Crowd (Conjuration/Summoning)
Level: 4
Range: 5 yards/level
Components: VS
Duration: 5 rounds/level
Casting Time: 1 round
Area of Effect: One Crowd (special)
Saving Throw: Negates (special)

      Milling Crowd summons people to enter a crowd and interact with the
people in the crowd. The conjured people can try to impart one opinion or
emotion of the caster's choosing, thus changing the crowd's mood or opinion.
Thus, a group of angry protestors could be made to riot, become less violent,
or protest a different (but related) topic. The spell summons 1 "person" per
level, who can only be used to influence crowd reactions. Any attempts by the
caster to attack the summoned people, use them as barriers, or use the in any
way not associated with interaction will terminate the spell immediately. The
people will be of the same racial mix as the crowd they must infiltrate (a
crowd of 75% humans and 25% gnomes would result in 75% of the summoned people
to be human, 25% to be gnomish). 
      The spell can influence a crowd in one of two ways: It can either change
the reaction adjustment of the crowd by one factor, or it can be used to give
the crowd another direction. For example, Milling Crowd can either make a
group more hostile or less hostile, OR it can change the group's focus in
some minor way. If the group wanted to hang someone at noon, the spell could
"suggest" an alternate means of execution, or a change in the time of
execution, etc. 
      The saving throw for the crowd uses the average hit dice for the saving
throw vs. spell. If the mage is trying to influence reactions, the crowd has
a -3 penalty on the saving throw. If the spell is trying to give the crowd
other ideas, the saving throw is made without penalty. Depending on the
nature of crowd and their focus of attention, it is not unreasonable to have
saving throw modifiers from +5 to -5 (ranging from agreement with the
caster's purpose to considerable opposition). The spell is not guaranteed to
work if it encounters some form of absolute resistance (for example, a local
custom dictating the means and time of execution). If the crowd makes its
saving throw, it is unaffected. If the roll is a natural 20, the crowd is
aware of attempts to manipulate it. It is important to note that the spell
does not directly affect the crowd in any way, so magic resistance is useless
and spells like Detect Charm will reveal nothing.


Travel Cancellation (Alteration)
Level: 5
Range: 30 yards
Components: VSM
Duration: 1 turn/level or until used up
Casting Time: 5
Area of Effect: One Creature
Saving Throw: None

      This spell prevents travel by extraplanar means, distorting the effects
of spells like Blink and Teleport. Any time a spell involving such transport
is cast and the victim is involved (either as caster or passenger), there is
a 5% chance per level of the caster of Travel Cancellation that the transport
spell will misfire. The spell lasts for a maximum of 1 turn per level, or for
level/3 (rounded down) cancellations, whichever comes first.

      Misfires:

      Rope Trick: Victim is unable to enter extradimensional space
      Blink: Victim always reappears in the same spot, but facing away from
enemies
      Dimension Door: Distance travelled is constant, but direction is random
      Dimension Folding: The fold closes in front of the victim, preventing
transit
      Bowgentle's Fleeting Journey: The caster is teleported instead of the
passenger
      Teleport: Either fails, or arrive 1d10 miles from destination (DM
choice)
      Teleport Dead: The caster is teleported instead of the body
      Plane Shift: The group lands in a random area in the Prime Material
Plane
      
      Succor (both versions), Teleport Without Error, Astral Spell, and any
spells over 6th level are unaffected. It is the DM's option if
extradimensional magic items (bag of holding, well of many worlds, etc) are
affected by Travel Cancellation. The material component are two magnets that
are strongly attracted to one another, one of which has the caster's sigil
painted on it.


Vanquil's Drifting Blizzard (Evocation)
Level: 5
Range: 10 yards
Components: VS
Duration: 1 round/level
Casting Time: 5
Area of Effect: 40' wide, 20' high, 20' deep cloud
Saving Throw: Special

      This spell is a cold-based version of Cloudkill, creating a light gray
cloud that leaves frost in its wake. It functions just like a Cloudkill,
except that damage comes from cold, making fire based creatures more
vulnerable to the spell (treat them as having 2 fewer hit dice, and they
automatically take double damage). Creatures who fail their saving throws by
4 or more are encased in a thin layer of ice (about 1/4 inch). Those who make
their saving throws still take appropriate damage (1d10). Cold based
creatures are immune to this spell, and some (like white dragons) might find
it refreshing.

      Hit Dice         Fire-Based      Saving Throw
       (normal)        creatures
      -----------      -----------     ----------------
      4 or less        6 or less       Killed instantly
      4+1 to 5+1       6+1 to 7+1      Save vs Spell at -4
      5+1 to 6         7+1 to 8        Save vs Spell (unmodified)
      6+1 or more      8+1 or more     None, 1d10 damage (2d10 for fire based)


Vanquil's Freeze Ray (Evocation)
Level: 5
Range: 5' per level
Components: VS
Duration: Instantaneous
Casting Time: 5
Area of Effect: One creature
Saving Throw: Special

      This is an modified version of Cone Of Cold that effects only one
creature. It creates a beam of intense cold 5 feet long per caster level, but
only a tenth of an inch wide. If the target fails its saving throw (versus
spell), it takes 1-8 points of damage per caster level (up to 12d8). If the
target makes its saving throw, it narrowly dodges the beam, but is close
enough for its body heat to dissipate the beam. Of course, that also means
the beam cools down the target, causing 1 point of damager per caster level
(max 12).
      Creatures that are cold-based (like white dragons or ice para-
elementals) take no damage from this spell, but fire-based creatures (like
red dragons and salamanders) take +1 point of damage per hit die. Undead take
no damage from this version.


Vanquil's Thermal Lance (Evocation)
Level: 5
Range: 5' per level
Components: VS
Duration: Instantaneous
Casting Time: 5
Area of Effect: One creature
Saving Throw: Special

      Thermal Lance is a virtual duplicate of Vanquil's Freeze Ray, except
that damage comes from a beam of magical fire. Fire-based creatures are
immune, and cold-based creatures take +1 point of damage per hit die. 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

(note: unless otherwise noted, all spells were created by the elven
fighter/mage/thief Vanquil. Would you want your name associated with the
Paranoia spell?!?)


----------------------------------------------------------------------------
----------------------------------------------------------------------------


PSIONIC POWERS

Psychokinetic
-------------

Inertial Shield (devotion)
Power Score: Con-3
Initial Cost: 7
Maintenance: 5/round
Range: 0
Prep time: 0
Area of Effect: 3 yard radius, 120 degree arc
Prerequisites: Telekinesis

         This is similar to an inertial barrier, but with one crucial
difference: the field is compressed, giving greater protection from
frontal attacks. It protects a 120 degree arc in front of the
psionic, with coverage curving to reach over his head. (Think of it
as the front 1/3 of an inertial barrier). To determine the damage,
roll how much damage the missile would have done, then roll twice
as many hit dice to determine the shield's protection. If the
shield roll is less than, then subtract it from the missile's
damage. If the rolls are equal, then the missile simply falls
inside the shield (but explosions could still injure those behind
the shield). If the shield roll is greater than the missile damage
roll, the missile falls outside the shield, and any explosions will
also be absorbed by the shield.
         The inertial shield protects against the same forms of attack
as the inertial barrier, but is less effective in some situations
(like gas attacks, or missiles coming from all directions).
         Power Score: The shield expands into a 180 degree arc at no
extra cost, or into 270 degree arc for 6 points per round.
         20: The shield works in reverse, doubling the damage done by
missiles.


Move Electrons (devotion)
Power Score: Con-4
Initial Cost: variable
Maintenance: na
Range: 90 feet
Prep time: variable (0-2)
Area of Effect: one creature/object
Prerequisites: Telekinesis

         This devotion allows the psionicist to move a number of
electrons through an object, causing electrical damage to it. The
cost is variable, but the longer a psionicist prepares to use the
power, the more electrons that can be moved. Creatures that are
made out of electricity take half damage (if somebody rearranged
parts of your body, it would still hurt). Creatures immune to
lightning or electrical damage are not affected by this power at
all. 
         It is possible to use this power against more than one
creature, but only if they are connected by a good conductor (like
metallic armor or very salty water); in this case, damage is
divided between all connected creatures, with the target and those
nearest the target taking the most damage. Magical metallic items
will never conduct from creature to creature.

         Preparation Time:                Cost             Damage
         0 rounds (immediate):             6               1d4 + 1
         1 round:                          8               1d8 + 1
         2 rounds:                        11                 2d8

         Metallic Armor: +2 points damage, plus possible conduction

         More than two rounds of moving electrons will not increase
damage for mortal psionicists, but a psionic lich or demi-god with
this power could use greater preparation times for even more
damage. The DM can increase damage as seen fit, but I would max the
damage at 4d8+4 (8-36 hit points) for 4 rounds of preparation time
-- anything else would be too much like a wizard spell.
         The longer the preparation time, the louder the discharge will
be; with no preparation, the sound will be barely audible beyond 10
feet, but with two rounds of preparation time, the sound could
easily carry 50 feet or more, and would echo in underground
circumstances.
         NOTE: I have not tried to use "real world" physics to the
letter to create this power. If any DM allowing this power wishes
to make it more "realistic" (using voltages, amps, or whatever),
feel free. Dammit, I'm a DM, not an electrician!
         Power Score: Damage occurs on the next greater die type
(either a d6 or a d10) and the damage bonus increases to +2.
         20: The power backfires; the psionic takes 1/2 normal damage
and cannot use this power for another 3 turns. The victim is
unharmed.


Molecular Dampening (devotion)
Power Score: Wisdom
Initial Cost: 5
Maintenance: 4/round
Range: 50 yards
Prep time: 0
Area of Effect: 1 item, 30 pounds
Prerequisites: Telekinesis

         This power is the opposite of the molecular agitation
devotion; instead of increasing the movement of molecules inside an
object, this power slows them down, chilling the object. The amount
of damping determines the effects:

1 round: things become cool to the touch, skin becomes clammy (no
damage), some condensation (if humidity permits)

2 rounds: skin becomes numb (1-2 pts damage), water becomes slushy,
items become cold to the touch, condensation coats the surface,
paper becomes brittle

3 rounds: skin starts to freeze (1-3 pts damage), water freezes,
metal becomes cold to the touch (1 pt damage, possibly freezing to
the surface), condensation freezes, plants die, leather weakens

4 rounds: freezing temperatures harm tissues (1-4 pts damage), thin
layer of ice if humidity permits, skin freezes to metal (1-4 pts
damage), wood/plants/leather becomes brittle

5 rounds: hypothermia possible (1-6 pts damage max), possible limb
loss, thick layer of ice (if possible), minerals weaken

6 rounds: rock becomes brittle, metal weakens, skin permanently
freezes to metal

7 rounds: rock shatters like glass, metal becomes brittle

8 rounds: metal shatters like glass

10 rounds: adamantite weakens (maximum weakening)

         Weakening means that the substance has a -2 penalty to all
saving throws (-4 vs. cold). Brittleness means that the object has
the qualities of thin crystal, being easily breakable, and having
similar saving throws. It still takes a good blow (from a blunt
object) to shatter the item. Becoming "like glass" means that the
object can be shattered easily, in the palm of one's hand
(hopefully protected from cold!), and that all saving throws are
made as glass. However, the shards are incredibly cold, and very
sharp. Shattering a sword with an unprotected hand could easily
cause 2-12 points of damage, plus whatever cold damage is
possible.
         The "layer of ice" effects are up to the DM. In desert
situations, a "thick" coating might only be 1/10 of an inch, but in
a humid jungle, the thick layer may be up to 6 inches thick. The
"layer of ice" effect has many uses near (or in) a large body of
water.
         Power Score: Rate of damping doubles (as per molecular
agitation)
         20: The psionicst botches the damping, and the item is
affected by _molecular agitation_ (whether or know the psionicist
knows that devotion), but the psionicist is unaware of any
problems.


Psychokinetic Punch (devotion)
Power Score: Con - 2
Initial Cost: 4
Maintenance: na
Range: 50 yards
Prep time: 0
Area of Effect: one object
Prerequisites: Telekinesis

         With this devotion, the psionicist is able to create a weak
punch effect, much like a weakened Project Force. The attack is
made against armor class 10, modified for any magic and dexterity.
If it hits, the punch does 1-4 points of damage, and disrupts any
spellcasting. If the target is moving at any speed greater than
that of normal combat (roughly 50 feet per round), then attacks are
made with a -2 penalty. A Protection From Normal Missiles, Shield,
or Stoneskin spell will be effective against a PK Punch.
         The power can also be used to give objects a "push". This is
nowhere near as hard as a Project Force, but is more like bumping
into something. For example, small objects can be moved quite a
bit, like keys being knocked off a table or cracking a window, but
large objects like a door will only have a small bit of motion,
like moving a door slightly ajar. Psychokinetic Punch can also be
used while levitating, to but a bit of force to horizontal movement
(up to 30 feet per round).
         Power Score: Damage is 1-6, or objects are affected by a
Project Force (DM's choice).
         20: The motion is in the opposite direction; attacks always
miss, and objects move in the opposite of the intended direction.




Psychometabolic
---------------

Control Aging (science)
Power Score: Con-6
Initial Cost: 12
Maintenance: 8/round
Range: touch
Prep time: 1
Area of Effect: individual
Prerequisites: none

         With this science, the character can control the aging process
in a creature's body, causing to grow older or younger with a
touch. The rate of aging is 2-5 years per round to make a creature
older, 1-3 years to make a creature younger. Although the aging
effect is permanent, natural aging will begin immediately after any
age change is made, thus the clock cannot be stopped, but it can be
moved forwards or backwards. In the case of undoing magical or
unnatural aging, the rate of "youthening" is 1-4 years per round.
         Only evil psionicists can use the "forward" power repeatedly,
without undoing it. Any other alignment will slowly twist to evil.
Likewise, only good psionicists can undo the ravages of time on a
creature. As with aging forward, any repeated use of the
"youthening" power causes the psionicist to tap into his own youth
and goodness.
         Power Score: The rate of age changing is increased by 2 years
per round.
         20: The psionicist grows 2-5 years older, and cannot use this
power for another week.


Enhanced Infravision (science)
Power Score: Con-2
Initial Cost: 9
Maintenance: 4/turn
Range: 90 feet
Prep time: 5
Area of Effect: personal
Prerequisites: none

         This science is a more powerful version of the infravision
devotion, without the side effects of that power (namely, worsening
the character's ability to see into the blue areas of the
spectrum). This science actually creates more color-sensing
pigments in the character's eyes, allowing for superior vision.
Demihumans _can_ use this power, but it is not cumulative with
innate infravision (an elf with infravision to 60 feet using this
power gains infravision with a range of 90 feet, not 150).
         Power Score: Range increases to 120 feet.
         20: The character botched the pigment creation, and becomes
blind for 2-12 rounds.


Infravision (devotion)
Power Score: Con
Initial Cost: 4
Maintenance: 2/turn
Range: 60 feet
Prep time: 1
Area of Effect: personal
Prerequisites: none

         This devotion allows the psionicist to see in darkness, using
the heat coming from an object. For all intents and purposes, it is
identical to that possessed by elves and dwarves. It extends to 60
feet, does not function in the presence of light, and can be
blinded by "hot" objects. A side effect is that any form of
ultravision (being able to see beyond the violet end of the
spectrum) is negated while this power is in effect, and the subject
may have difficulty distinguishing colors past the blue end of the
spectrum.
         The power works by shifting the photoreceptors in the eye down
towards the red (and infrared) portions of the spectrum. Demihuman
psionicists who already have infravision cannot use this power.
         Power Score: Range increases to 90 feet.
         20: The character becomes colorblind and sensitive to bright
light for 2-20 rounds.



Telepathic
----------

Disconnect Skills (devotion)
Power Score: Wis-4
Initial Cost: contact
Maintenance: 11/round
Range: 100 yards
Prep time: 0
Area of Effect: individual
Prerequisites: contact, mindlink

         This power allows the psionicist to "disconnect" a character's
primary skills from his mind. Thus, a fighter cannot fight with
weapons, a mage cannot cast spells, bards lose their musical and
poetic abilities, a psionicist cannot use mental powers. Characters
can do things not "native" to their class, for example, a mage
fight with weapons, or a fighter use a magic wand. Multi-class
characters lose the abilities of whichever class has the highest
level (rolling if two or more are equal), and dual-classed humans
lose the abilities of their current class.
         This devotion is very demanding, so if two tangents are
established, contact is forcibly established, or more than 10% of
the psionicist's maximum hit points are lost, the power ends.
Contact is not broken. In general, only evil characters will leave
others helpless in this manner.
         Power Score: The victim cannot take any actions for 1 round.
         20: The psionicist is affected by this power for 2-12 rounds.


Equilibrium Disruption (devotion)
Power Score: Wis-4
Initial Cost: contact
Maintenance: 4/round
Range: 300 yards
Prep time: 0
Area of Effect: individual
Prerequisites: contact, mindlink

         This devotion allows the psionicist to weaken the victim's
sense of balance. There is nothing physically wrong with the
person, but the disruption prevents him or her from maintaining
balance. Walking becomes difficult, spells may fail due to lack of
balance, and skills are harder to perform.
         The victim is allowed a saving throw versus death. If the save
is successful, the victim retains most of his/her equilibrium,
causing all attacks or actions to be made at a -1 or -5% penalty.
Movement is at 75% normal speed, spells of 7th level or higher
cannot be cast, and there is a general 5% chance of spell failure.
If the saving throw is failed, all actions are at a -3 or -15%
penalty, the maximum movement rate is 1/3 the normal rate, and
spells of 5th level or higher cannot be cast. Spells that are cast
have a 15% chance of failure. If the character is near any height
greater than 15 feet, vertigo strikes, worsening all penalties by
an additional -1 or -5%. If the saving throw is an unmodified 1,
then the character loses all equilibrium and falls to the ground,
helpless. Helpless characters get a saving throw vs. death every
round thereafter. If the save is made, then the character can
function again, but using the "-15%" category for penalties.
         Once every 5 rounds, the character gets a saving throw vs.
death to see how he or she is doing. Use this new saving throw to
determine the penalties for the next 5 rounds. Characters that are
helpless get to save every round until able to stand, then begin
making a saving throw once every 5 rounds.
         Power Score: All penalties are increased by -1, or -5%.
         20: The psionicist is affected by this power until he or she
gets a 19 or 20 on the save versus death.


Negate Sensory Input (devotion)
Power Score: Int - 4
Initial Cost: contact
Maintenance: 5/round
Range: 15 miles
Prep time: 0
Area of Effect: individual
Prerequisites: contact, mindlink, false sensory input

         This devotion allows the psionicist to actually block out one
form of sensory input. Affected senses can be taste, smell, sight,
hearing, or one kind of touch (either pain, pressure, temperature,
or hunger/thirst). While in effect, the victim is totally unable to
"comprehend" the sense, almost as if it was disconnected from his
brain. As a result, standard curative magic will not work, but
remove curse might (DM's discretion). Only one sense can be
affected for every use of this power, thus, it requires two
separate usages to make a person deaf and blind. Standard penalties
apply to blindness and deafness; loss of taste prevents the victim
from being able to taste anything (including spoilage or poison),
loss of smell prevents the victim from smelling smoke or a the
stench of various monsters (including troglodytes and ghasts). In
terms of loss of touch, inhibiting pain prevents a character from
knowing how many hit points he's lost, inhibiting pressure causes
the person's body to become numb (-2 on attacks, movement at 1/2
movement rate, DEX checks may be needed at DM's discretion to
prevent falling or dropping something), inhibiting temperature means
the person cannot tell if something is too hot/cold to handle
(although after 7 points of heat/fire damage, pain begins, but the
character might not know why), and inhibiting hunger and thirst
means that the character does not realize he's hungry or thirsty...
and thus could starve to death at a banquet, or be protected from
an _insatiable thirst_ spell.
         Power Score: Two senses can be negated for 6 points per round,
or one sense can be negated for 4 points per round.
         20: The victim's senses are not altered, but the psionicist
thinks the power worked. Also, the victim is protected from all
forms of _false sensory input_ and _negate sensory input_,
regardless of who is projecting it.



Metapsionics
------------

Time Flux (devotion)
Power Score: Con - 2
Initial Cost: 8
Maintenance: 5/round
Range: 0
Prep time: 0
Area of Effect: individual
Prerequisites: none

         Using this devotion, the psionicist can cause time to speed up
or slow down for himself only. Thus, the psionicist can exist at
twice the speed of the rest of the world, or half the speed,
effectively _hasting_ or _slowing_ himself. Because the increase or
decrease in speed is time oriented instead of biologically
oriented, the psionicist can perform ALL actions at either twice or
half normal speed. For example, a psionicist can make two psionic
actions per round, use two magic items per round, etc; a _slowed_
psionicist could take only  one action every two rounds. 
         There are some other unique qualities of this ability. There
is no metabolic change, like the aging associated with _haste_.
Spells and psionic powers are affected, so if the psionicist
increases his speed, spell duration is only half of what it would
be in normal time, but an initiative bonus of 3 is gained while the
power is in effect. For example, a protection from evil spell cast
on the psionicist that would last 8 rounds of real time will now
last only 4 rounds. On the other hand, if a psionicist slows
himself, spells last twice as long as they would in real time, but
there is an initiative penalty of 3 while being slowed down. For
example, a slow poison cast on a slowed psionicist would last twice
as long as normal. The PSP cost in real time for any psionic
abilities outside the Time Flux (ie, not affecting the psionicist)
does not change, but the cost for those abilities affecting the
caster is increased or decreased appropriately.
         Numerous applications exist for this power. If a psionicist
wants to "burn off" a harmful spell (like slow or hold person), the
speeding up usage would help greatly. Likewise, if the psionicist
wants a spell to remain longer than normal (in real time), then the
slowing use is best.
         Power Score: Once during the maintenance the psionicist can
_time shift_ himself one round into the future with no chance of
failure or disorientation. The psionicist does not need to know the
_time shift_ for this effect to occur. If the psionicist does in
fact know _time shift_, then he can try to move two rounds into the
future as if it were only one round (but with standard chance of
failure).
         20: The psionicist is stopped in time for 1-4 rounds, unable
to react, but can be injured. For game purposes, all attacks hit
and all saves are failed.


The contents of this file (spells and psionic abilities) are
Copyright 1992 Joseph Delisle, all rights reserved. Permission is given to
copy, distribute, and use this file so long as it is not modified in any
way, and no monetary profit is gained by doing so.

(if you have any comments, I can be reached at JDELISLE@LOYOLA.EDU)
