SHADOWRUN

NEW BIOTECH

COLLECTION 1





Note: All of the below biotechnology enhancements where designed
by A.H.E.T. Inc. (see NEW CYBERWARE1) It is only available
through them or another licensed Megacorp (currently only
Renraku and Aztechnology have been able to afford the fee for 
use). No street doc could ever have this technology. As such, it
has no street index. It effects the recipient on the Genetic
Level. It requires a hospital stay of no less the 5 days.  The
DNA modification technology is far to advanced for any but
A.H.E.T. inc. or a similar large or high tech megacorp to have.
One mess-up with the DNA modification, and you're own body will
kill itself in ways you couldn't imagine. There are no
exceptions to this. Oh yes, currently only A.H.E.T. and Raku
offer the modifications to anyone other then corp personal. And
add to that that Raku adds 300% to the cost.



Biotechnology implants are living things. They take no essence.
Mages will love them. The only step, other then ones taken in
the hospital stay, is DNA check (requiring a drop of your blood)
and a shot implanting the DNA modifying virus. Unfortunately,
being living parts of you, they can be made to bleed. Poke a
normal cybereye, nothing happens. Poke a bioware eye, ouch! It
can always be removed or  upgraded. Upgrades do nothing, but
removal costs the user a permanent essence reduction of .05.







Low Light BioEyes

A genetic modification requiring a 6 day medical stay with eyes
covered, this gives the recipient natural low light eyes. Not
available for elves or orks which already have this. It is
totally compatible with the troll and dwarfs natural
thermographic vision. A flare comp. may be added (this is
available to elves and orks) for a additional 10,000 Y and 1
more day to hospital stay if  already receiving a lowlight eye
or a  5 day stay if added to an ork or elf.

Type				Waiting Period			Cost			Hos. Stay

Low Light Eyes		    1 month                             50,000
Y		   6 days

Flare Comp.                              +3 days                
            (+) 10,000 Y         (+1 day) or 5 days 







BioSpurs

A genetic addition that grows a spur from a base about 3/5 of an
 inch behind the wrist. The blades are about 10 inches long (13
if a troll). Not available in a retractable form. Requires a 2
week hospital stay with the arm being pumped full of special
nutrients through a intervenes tube. Damage is the same as with
a normal spur.

Type				Waiting Period			Cost			Hos. Stay

Biotech Spurs			1 month, 4 days                    120,000 Y    
               2 weeks















Biotech Filters

Just like the cyberware filters, but biologically grown by the
body. Available in any of the three normal types. They require a
2 week hospital stay with the user in a sealed, atmosphere
controlled chamber and eating a specially prepared diet. Quite
popular at the moment (add 1 month for waiting period until
February of 2054.). They are a bit more potent then the cyber
type. The air filter has filters in the throat, mouth, nose, and
lungs. Blood has filters in the heart, veins, and arteries.
Ingested toxins has filters in the mouth, throat, stomach, and
certain fatty area in the body. 

Type			Waiting Period			Cost			Hos. Stay

Air Filter                      3 months              Rating
(max 13) x 75,000Y            2 weeks 

Blood Filter		 2 months             Rating (max 11) x 45,000Y   
          2 weeks

Ingested Toxin Filter    3 months             Rating (max 12) x
60,000Y              2 weeks







Biovision magnification

A biotech modification that allows your eyes to focus and see at
added distances, just like the cyberware vision magnification
(see SSC). It's even clearer then the optical mag version of the
cyberware, but it can't magnify by as much. It requires a 8 day
hospital stay with the eyes covered the whole time.

Type			Waiting Period			Cost			Hos. Stay

Biomag1		 5 weeks                             15,000 Y     		8
days

Biomag2                      2 weeks                            
60,000 Y                      8 days







High Frequency Bioears

The newest mass market product available, this allows human and
metahuman ears to hear into the high frequency range even better
then a cyberear. It requires a 5 day hospital stay  with the
ears plugged. Unfortunately, the low freq. and damper are not
yet perfected.

Type			Waiting Period			Cost			Hos. Stay

High Freq. B.Ears           4 months                         
200,000Y                    5 days





  





Remember, these are only available through A.H.E.T. inc., and
Raku (unless you belong to aztechnology). 





If you GM's are thinking about sending your runners on a run to
steal the plans for this stuff, forget it. The DNA sequence is
hidden by a special technique so scanning a modified individual 



will get you nowhere. As for breaking into one of our two bases
with the plans (one in Chicago, and one in Seattle) look at it
this way. The Seattle HQ is smaller. The perimeter is surrounded
by a 60 foot tall by 30 foot thick concrete wall. It is
magically guarded by over 23 elementals. Over 200 guards are
constantly patrolling the perimeter, not including those on
standby. The sensor grid has 15 layers, most are hidden. The
main gate has to blast doors. When you enter the first, the
second is sealed so you can't charge in. Each is 50 feet tall
and 13 feet thick, made of titanium and orichalcum. Before you
may enter we take a DNA test of each person in the vehicle and
do an astral scan and physical search of your vehicle. Since by
now the first door has sealed behind you, if you're caught,
there's no way out. Oh, did I mention the 53 Mages and 17
Shamans guarding the place? Or the 713 Scout drones? Or the 2
DRAGONS that may be their? Or the paranormal animals Genetically
modified? Or that there is only one matrix entrance and it
requires 3 different 42 digit codes to enter, has 7 deckers
constantly guarding it, and over 20 black ice programs? And
finally, the Seattle's defenses have nothing on the Chicago
defenses (where I, as owner, founder, president, CEO, and key
stock holder with 73%, live). We don't carry on research
anywhere else and the data is never moved. It is all on paper
and disks so is not available via matrix. The final answer is
simple. If you plan to steal this tech, try Raku or Aztechnolgy. 





	Hope all you out there enjoy this. 



	GM'S, I don't recommend you let the characters have this stuff
until AFTER character generation. Make 'em earn it.





Authored by Michael Best (Capt MJB) for Shadowrun 2 or 1 by FASA





P.S. If any GM's read this and can GM a message based game,
please contact me.

