SHADOWRUN

SHAMANIC TOTEMS

COLLECTION 2

Rabbit, Pig, Bull, Alley Cat





Rabbit

Type: Urban or Wilderness

Characteristics: Rabbit is a quick running coward. It is almost
impossible to get him to as much as fire a gun. He is an expert
at fleeing pursuit. Being one of the lower links on the food
chain, Rabbit reproduces fast and is as fast of foot. Good at
hiding to boot.

Favored Environment: City, Field, Mountain, Desert, You name it,
he's probably there.

Advantages: +2 dice to illusion spells. +1 dice to health
spells. +1 to quickness attribute and reaction(!!!), ignoring
racial limits. +1 dice to conjuring any spirit.

Disadvantages: -4 dice from combat spells. -2 dice from
manipulation spells. -1 to shamans strength and body attributes
(ignore if attribute at 1). When attempting to confront any
attacker or threatening person, the shaman must make a willpower
test with a target number of 3 to confront the person.  A rabbit
shaman must make a willpower test with a target number of 5 to
attack any target directly (PS, telling a spirit to attack is
NOT direct!). If wounded, the Shaman must make a willpower test
with a target number of 7 to avoid running like a bat outta hell
away from danger.

Optional (GM's choice): Double a Rabbit shamans sexual potency.
True his may be insignificant, but many rabbit shamans have been
surprised when they realize a women they bedded with is suddenly
pregnant with triplets!





Pig

Type: Urban

Characteristics: Pig is lazy and fat. True he is tough (body
wise), but he is scared to start a fight and is not real strong. 

Favored Environment: Farm (field)

Advantages: +1 dice to health spells. +2 dice to conjure city,
prairie, and field spirits.

Disadvantages: A Pig Shaman must consume 50% more food then any
other person of his statistics. He must assign at least 3 points
to body during character generation. -1 dice to all combat
spells. -2 dice to conjuring illusion spells.





























Bull

Type: Urban or Wilderness

Characteristics: Strong headed and powerful describe bull. He
presses forward against incredible odds. Nothing can cause him
fear. When attacking, he is hard to shake off. Only fight him if
you are prepared to last through a long battle.

Favored Environment: Field or Prairie.

Advantages: +1 dice to combat spells. +2 dice to manipulation
spells. +1 dice to conjuring field spirits (if urban) or prairie
spirits (if wilderness). +1 to shamans Strength, Body, and
Willpower attributes ignoring racial limits.

Disadvantages: -3 dice to illusion spells. -1 dice to detection
spells. A bull must assign at least 4 points to strength and
body during character generation. When a bull shaman sets his
mind to something (including attacking someone) he must make a
willpower test with a target number of 6 to break off what he's
doing. He may attempt this as many times as the GM sees fit.





Alley Cat

Type: Urban

Characteristics: Cat is not the only cat totem. Cat may be a
typical house or street cat, but an alley cat is a whole
different story. Ferocious to the max, the alley cat takes crap
from no one. Period. Insult one and you've probably made an
enemy for life. Alley Cats are becoming much more predominant in
gang shamans.

Favored Environment: City

Advantages: +1 dice to combat spells. +1 dice to illusion
spells. +1 dice to conjuring city spirits.

Any type of boosted reflexes or  wired reflexes Level 1 cost
only 1/2 essence!!! Hand Razors (any type) cost no essence.

Disadvantages: -3 dice to healing spells. -1 dice to summon
water spirits (any kind). -1 dice to detection spells. When
insulted or hit the Alley Cat shaman makes a willpower test like
bears, but the fury is only on the target(s) that hurt/insulted
him. Alley Cats lose one point of charisma (if attributes is at
zero, ignore this).







Author: Mike Best (Capt MJB)



