SHADOWRUN

SHAMANIC TOTEMS 

COLLECTION 1

Wolverine, Tiger, Panther (Leopard), Hyena





Wolverine

Type: Wilderness

Characteristics: Wolverine is an aggressive and enduring killer.
Once he has discovered his prey it will take hell and high water
to stop him from killing it. Wolverine is hard to back down. He
is a beast of fury. Befriend him and you have a true friend
(even if he is easy to piss off). Anger him at your own risk.

Favored Environment: Forest, Tundra (cold prairie)

Advantages: +3 dice for combat spells. +1 Dice for Detection
spells. +1 dice for conjuring Forest or Plains spirits (players
choice)

Disadvantages: +2 to all target numbers that are not involved
with hunting/killing. -1 dice from health spells. Wolverine is
hardy and enduring. A player of Wolverine must place at least 5
points to the body attribute and 3 to strength during character
generation. Wolverines fury when wounded makes bear and sharks
look like a child playing. When injured beyond serious wounds,
the Shaman must make a willpower success test with a target
number of 7. The wolverine will go berserk for 4 turns minus the
number of success. When in a fury, the wolverine attacks anyone
that has hurt him in that scene with his most powerful attack
(spell or weapon). Anyone touching or trying to stop this
rampage will be considered as having hurt the shaman.





Tiger

Type: Wilderness

Characteristics: Tiger is power incarnate. He sneaks up on his
prey and kills them with such force as to be totally
devastating. He takes crap from nobody. Trifle with him at your
own risk.

Favored Environment: Jungle, Plains (prairie) (rare)

Advantages: +4 dice to combat spells. +1 dice to illusion
spells. +1 dice for conjuring 

forest (jungle) spirits. Hand Razors (any type) cost NO
essence!!! Spurs cost 1/2!

Disadvantages: Tiger takes no prisoners and is ferocious on an
attack. After he attacks an opponent, the tiger must make a
willpower test with a target number of 4 to break off combat.
Ignore if the tiger has more then light wounds. He must also
make a willpower test with a target number of  3 whenever he
wants to use less then devastating force (including trying to
incapacitate an opponent). If he fails, he must continue
attacking with full force until his next action. Tiger is also a
hard totem to get. A character who wants to be tiger must assign
4 points to strength, 3 to intelligence, 3 to willpower, 4 to
body, and 4 to quickness during character creation.

















Panther (a.k.a. Leopard)

Type: Wilderness

Characteristics: Panther is a sly killer. A target of panther
may never even know panther is there until he is lying on the
floor dead. He strikes with deadly force. He is not, however, a
fighter. More of an assassin.

Favored Environment: Forest, Savanna (African prairie)

Advantages: +5 dice and -1 to target number (!!!) for spell
(including combat!) cast on an unknowing opponent. +3 dice to
illusion spells.  +1 dice to conjuring forest o prairie spirits
(players choice), +1 dice to manipulation spells. LowLight
Cybereyes cost No essence! RETRACTABLE Hand Razors cost no
essence (standard or improved).

Disadvantages: +2 target number for magic attacks not done from
surprise. +1 target number to all other attacks not done from
surprise. Note that surprise is roughly defined. If the Panther
Shaman has not killed his opponent by the end of his 4th turn,
he must make a willpower test with a target number of 5 or he
will retreat for a few moments and try to attack from surprise
again or run. To be a Panther shaman the character must put 4
points into intelligence and 2 into quickness during character
generation. If wounded above light, the Panther shaman must make
a willpower success test with a target number of 4 to avoid
running for safety.





Hyena

Type: Wilderness

Characteristics: Hyenas make wonderful corporate personnel. They
are totally faithful to pack, but are ferocious when trying to
gain something. They are tough survivors. They also like to be
powerful. Corps just love 'em. As a runner, He will rarely
bother with anything moral, or anything for that matter, that
does not bring in good profits, items, etc.

Favored environment: Savanna (Prairie)

Advantages: +1 dice to combat spells. +2 dice to conjuring
prairie spirits. +1 dice to detection spells. +1 to shamans body
attribute (ignoring racial limits!)! Add this in AFTER character
meets below requirement.

Disadvantages: -1 dice to health spells. -1 dice to illusion
spells. The Hyena shaman must, during character generation,
assign at least 4 points to body and 3 to strength. When the
Hyena shaman wants to do something other then what his pack
(whatever that be) wants to do, he must make a willpower test
with a target number of  7(!!!) or forget doing whatever he
wanted to do for a time decided by the GM. When this time is up
he must again make this roll. This roll is ignored if the
shamans combined intelligence, willpower, and charisma equals or
exceeds 14. When a Hyena character sets an objective for himself
he must make a willpower test with a target number of 4 to break
off that path. He may try as many times as the GM sees fit.





Author: Michael Best (Capt MJB)

