Hedge Wizards                   from DRAGON(R) issue #163

The low-level mages who make things work

(C)1990 TSR, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

by Gregg Sharp

    "Hedge wizard" is a term that's come up in my campaign to
describe the proprietors of small "magic shops" in villages and
cities in AD&D(R) campaigns. Hedge wizards specialize in minor
but useful magicks, using spells like [mending] and [knock]
rather than [magic missile] and [irritation]. Hedge wizards are
usually low-level mages with sage and herbalist abilities.
    Hedge wizards are commonly between 3rd level and 5th level,
sufficient to cast [knock] on a locked chest or [mending] on a
broken axe handle. Hedge wizards can be up to 11th level,
however, since magical potions cannot be brewed by a mage of
lesser level, as per the 2nd Edition [Dungeon Master's Guide]. A
number of items besides potions might be for sale at a hedge
wizard's domicile. Prices for these items should be low in
keeping with the common customer's finances. A hedge wizard will
likely offer reduced prices to local customers, charging more to
those from out of town.
    Hedge wizards are not generally considered to be powerful
spell-casters, and they don't have the massive spell books or
sophistication of their more experienced colleagues. Hedge
wizards have more of a rustic image, preferring a comfortable and
sedentary life. Hedge wizards are rarely good targets for
thieves, since these wizards generally have no reputations or
vast wealth. Anyone who can best a hedge wizard in a spell duel
is unlikely to actually gain much from the accomplishment.
Killing a hedge wizard is likewise of little value, though the
other merchants and members of the town council may get peeved at
people who come in and do such things. Finally, since hedge
wizards aren't that powerful, they tend to stick together more
than other wizardly professions. If a hedge wizard dies due to
other than natural causes, other mages who find out may start
proceedings to deal with the problem and make an example, if
nothing else.
    In game terms, once a decision to become a hedge wizard has
been made, level advancement is slowed dramatically. The
character does not go on adventures and does not make magical
items. Experience is only gained through adventures that come to
the hedge wizard, such as meeting a burglar when opening up the
shop in the morning.
    At least 90% of all hedge wizards operate in urban areas,
usually toward the edges of town. Magic use generally has a poor
public image, not all of it undeserved. One only has to think of
the damage that could be caused by an out-of-control fire
elemental in a city built largely of wood to appreciate the
problem. Hedge wizards who set up shop outside city limits are
either powerful ones (retired adventurers who don't really need
the money) or ones who have been chased out of the city.

<The specialist schools>
    Specialist wizards are much like doctors in America. The
general practitioner or family-practice doctor fits the same role
as the nonspecialist mage. With hedge wizards, this often means
referrals to others within a limited circle of colleagues on a
first-name basis. Because hedge wizards don't have the overhead
and malpractice lawsuits that American doctors have, the need for
wizard insurance to pay for all this has not yet fully
materialized.
    The specialists among hedge wizards are those who do not see
themselves becoming more powerful; either they have become
discouraged from the effort of gaining levels, feel that they
have reached their ultimate level of competence, or simply don't
wish to rise to the level of power where they may become targets.
They may also wish to live their own lives in relaxation instead
of being dedicated to the pursuit of magic or power.
    Abjurers are specialists corresponding to
surgeons or pathologists. To be effective in their specialty,
they must be of higher than 5th level. As such, their prices and
chances of success are greater when dealing with abjuration
spells. Any decent abjurer can cast [dispel magic] at need, and
quite a few have [remove curse]. Abjurers are likely to have a
number of permanently inscribed protective circles set about
their homes. Sagecraft will be also quite likely, with
specialization in one of the following: curses, folklore, outer
planes (at least one and possibly more), lower planes (same as
with outer planes), and religion.
    Conjurer hedge wizards are 70% likely to have a
familiar. The more powerful conjurers are on retainer to kings
and powerful warlords, ready to conjure elementals on a few
hours' notice. Because of their practices, large protective
circles and the like will be permanently inscribed on their
floors, and they are likely to be located a bit off the beaten
path, away from other businesses. A remote location makes good
sense, since no one wants the conjurer to be distracted while
summoning up some extradimensional beast. Some very high-level
conjurers go so far as to become "dimensional fishers," reeling
in all manner of wealth from other planes. Sagelike knowledge
that conjurers possess is likely to be of other planes, as well
as about creatures that might be summoned. Conjurers who can deal
with elementals are likely to further specialize in a particular
elemental plane.
    Diviners are the ones the adventurers seek out
when the latter come home laden with plunder. An honest diviner
is not difficult to find, though a few cause bad reputations for
the remainder. Any diviner in business has the basic detection
spells, and the majority have [identify] and [detect curse]. If
hired to cast [identify], the diviner automatically charges for
the [detect curse] and casts it first. Because diviners have so
few spells dealing with their specialty, they perform as sages
with at least two major fields.  Commonly a diviner has
proficiencies in astrology and weather sense.
    Enchanters are the second most common of all
specialists, transmuters being the first. The high-level ones
work on magical items and potions, and most of those specializing
in enchantment dream of reaching this stage. Those restricted to
lower levels, by talent or otherwise, are hedge wizards who
specialize in dealing with troublemakers by using spells like
[charm person]. They typically become members of or are on
retainer to the city guard. Because of the time this takes and
the additional money that this generates, their magical shops are
smaller than others. Sage areas are likely to deal with items of
great power and legends, especially those of wizards and their
creations.
    Illusionists deal with deception and distraction;
it is as hard to find an honest illusionist as it is to find an
honest used-car dealer or mechanic. Because they specialize in
mind-affecting spells, they are the psychologists of the magic
worlds, having to understand the mind's workings in order to get
the most out of their specialty. Gnomes often go into this line
of work, which allows them to work spells and keep close to the
earth with their herbcraft. The use of illusion to enhance or
entertain is simply the most obvious use of an illusionist's
talents. Typical sagecraft deals with the mind, though history is
a very popular topic.
    Invokers deal with bringing something into being
through their spellcraft. Since many combat spells are in this
category, hedge wizards specializing in invocation/evocation
spells are often put on retainer by the local constabulary. One
never knows when a barroom brawl will escalate, so having a [web]
spell handy becomes a good reason to keep an invoker about.
Invokers are also known to run [flaming spheres] out over fields
to clear them before planting. The typical invoker has knowledge
about a few special fields of interest, these being more
individual hobbies than something suggested by their particular
mind sets.
    Necromancers deal with dark magic and the raising
of the dead. One would therefore expect them to be a particularly
nasty lot, but they are often worse than imagined. Necromancers
tend to go into taxidermy and have skeletal servitors do their
fetching and carrying. (Necromancers who expect to get along with
their neighbors should not consider using zombies, the odor being
sure to lower all property values.) Little dead things are
usually scattered around the shop, some stuffed and mounted, and
visitors often get the feeling that those glass eyes are still
scrutinizing them. The odors, even if no zombies are present, are
sufficient to cause faint-hearted customers to flee outside in a
matter of moments. Nonetheless, some necromancers are thoroughly
pleasant fellows with good, if grim, senses of humor. They are
often undertakers, and they can cause interesting problems for
customers who don't pay their bills.
    Transmuters are the most common specialists,
making alterations in existence itself. Low-level hedge wizards
are likely to be around trade areas, casting [comprehend
languages] in order to act as translators, or [mending] to fix
pots and pans. Medium-level transmuter hedge wizards sell lamps
with [continual light] on them, with shades that can be lowered
to seal off the light. Finding a higher-level transmuter may be
difficult, since they have so many useful spells that they may
quickly run into the problem of "spellgunning wizards" --wizards
who kill other wizards in order to increase their spellbook
contents.
    Finally, don't discount the possibility of dual-class hedge
wizards, or even "hedge wizards" who can't cast a single spell.
Fighters who have gotten tired of killing, thieves trying for a
degree of respectability, priests who have left the bureaucracy
that is found in some temples--any may have learned enough
woodcraft to open up a functional herbalist shop, with a few
magical items and the like thrown in. Given the chance to learn
something about magecraft, and the requisite ability scores, the
possibilities for dual-class characters are quite diverse. Since
nonhumans are almost always dual-class, a nonhuman hedge wizard
is also likely to have a number of other services or surprises
ready.
    There may also be utter charlatans pretending to be hedge
wizards, but keep in mind that word of mouth is the most
acceptable form of advertising in the semi-medieval society of
the typical campaign. This cuts down on the utter charlatans, at
least if one bothers to ask around.
    Priests may well go in for small temples that serve the same
purposes as a hedge wizard, lacking only spells such as
[identify]. The best Forgotten Realms deities for this purpose
are: Azuth, Chauntea, Deneir, Mielikki, Mystra/Midnight, Oghma,
and Selune. Some of these are more likely to be city-based
(Azuth, Denier, Mystra and Oghma) and any "hedge wizards" who
follow these faiths will be either outcasts from a larger temple,
those who tired of internal politics, and those who have left for
personal reasons.
    Small chapels out in the wilderness or near towns are best
for this purpose. Typical cleric levels will be: 2nd to 4th if
they left due to internal politics; 5th to 8th if they're an
outcast or have personal reasons; or 9th to 14th if they fled due
to failure at internal politics, advice from above, or personal
reasons. If the cleric is above 14th level, the time just
recovering spells makes having lesser priests and laymen about
more attractive, hence the presence of the bigger temple complex
with lower-level priests attending the needs of such a high
priest.
    Fighters, paladins, rangers, and the like are not likely to
have gone into such a line of business. Paladins will either
consider such a job below their station or simply too rustic.
Fighters have to rely on magical items to cast spells and rarely
have the learning in sagecraft or herbal lore needed to work the
other ends of the business. Rangers often have herbalist
knowledge and may have reached the point where spell-casting is a
possibility. But, because a ranger is often dedicated to
protecting an area and fighting a particular species of monster,
it is unlikely that a ranger will work as a hedge wizard.
    Rogues may operate a hedge wizard's shop as a front for a
more profitable enterprise. Thieves lack spell ability but may be
able to fake it using various magical items such as a [wand of
magic detection]. Bards have spell ability but are not likely to
ignore the possibility of selling their musical abilities along
with every other service they can offer. Since bards can usually
rely on their musical abilities more than their magical ones, it
would be a rare bard who would go into something as "dull" as
hedge wizardry.
    Hedge wizards are often in the "message board" business,
since they often deal with adventurers of varying types. These
keep track of jobs, referrals, out-of-work specialists,
adventurers between quests, rumors, and local proclamations. They
may even act as a placement service for would-be members of an
adventuring group. Any fee for such things is paid up front.
    The magic shop generally does not have much in the way of
magical items for sale. The reasons for this are given in the
[DMG], page 83, and there is no reason to go into them here. Some
items are "common" enough, though, and may be of great use in
increasing an adventuring group's survivability ratio; these may
therefore be included in just such a shop. There is a fair chance
that any of the items on Table 1 can be found, priced around 2 gp
per XP as shown in the [DMG] tables.
    As Table 1 shows, a potion of [healing] is in stock
most of the time and will usually run about 400 gp--steep but
well worth it, considering that the poor hedge wizard has to buy
it from a temple. A scroll of [protection from poison] costs
about 2,000 gp. There may be other items available, especially if
another adventuring group just came through, but this is
uncommon. If the DM wants to equip the group with something or to
introduce a new magical item (say, a potion of [dispel magic]
that must be thrown at the area of the magic to be dispelled) and
relieve the group of some cash, then the last adventuring group
may have sold it to the hedge wizard.
    The hedge wizard shop is likely to have a few knickknacks,
curios, old tomes, and other oddities for sale or rent.
Knickknacks in this case are small magical items, useful but
without combat uses. Some examples: a mug that keeps any liquid
within at a constant cool temperature, a stone that absorbs heat
for later release at a slow gradient, a bedpan that magically
empties itself and remains odor-free, a stone that finds lost
people or items to which it has been attuned, a [broom of
animated sweeping], a [collar of protection from fleas], a [chair
of comfort], a [sleeping bag of warmth], etc. Magical knickknacks
either have no combat use, are too bulky to be carried about, or
both. These could be found in any hedge wizard shop, though the
hedge wizard must be at least of sufficient level to enchant such
things.
    Hedge wizards are generally held by their communities to be
craftsmen, something like potters or carpenters with the addition
of some minor spell-casting abilities (Tables 2 and 3 show costs
for purchasing spells from these wizards). The statistically
average hedge wizard is 5th level, human, male, in his
mid-forties, and is not a specialist mage. He has few or no
magical items. Various drying herbs and some alchemical devices
are in the lab room, and a separate room houses a protective
circle of some sort.
    The goods listed in Table 4 may be available at any hedge
wizard's shop. Those in "Difficulty #1" are the most common,
requiring a herbalism skill roll of 14 or better; the
availability of ingredients may vary from area to area. Those in
"Difficulty #2" require herbalism of 17 or better and may require
alchemy of 14 or better. Those potions and other items under
"Difficulty #3" are the most difficult of all to prepare,
requiring very high skill rolls in both herbalism and alchemy to
prepare. The situation is like that of a chef who is preparing
blowfish, where with one slip, poison results.
    Most of the potions in Table 4 last for 1-4 hours after
drinking (some last for a day), and their uses are usually self
explanatory. Few, if any, are effective against magical effects.
DM discretion is advised in deciding the uses for each item. The
more unusual goods are described hereafter:
    [Babblejuice]: The imbiber must save vs. poison, or he
will start speaking of anything that comes to mind. Questions may
be answered truthfully, but the answers may be difficult to
understand. This potion should be very rare.
    [Brainflight]: Wherever people are jaded, tense,
dissatisfied with their lives, or ready to make a buck and hang
the morality, there will be drugs like this one. Brainflight is a
generic fantasy hallucinogen. It works directly on the nervous
system, is highly addictive, and causes wildly erratic behavior
in frequent users. The exact effects of brainflight should be
determined by the DM beforehand, though they should be thoroughly
nasty and cause a breakdown in behavior of its users that
increases over time towards an alignment of chaotic evil. Because
availability of this is so limited by demand and probable legal
action against those using and selling it, the price is extremely
high. As with babblejuice, brainflight should include ingredients
that are very rare or hard to get, but it is not all that
difficult to make.
    [Burnsalve]: Type I is simply an ointment that can be
applied to burned skin or tissue. It keeps air off the burn,
decreasing the "to hit" penalty applied if the burn was on a
limb. Type II also promotes healing, at the rate of 2 hp healed
of burn damage per day of rest. Type III is more effective,
healing burn damage at twice the rate of Type II. Type III is at
least four times as expensive as Type II.
    [Firegel]: This thick grainy ointment is highly fire
resistant. Items treated with firegel receive a +6 to saving
throws vs. normal fire. It is far too thick and expensive to be
used on creatures, so it is typically used to treat pouches and
packets containing valuable papers.
    [Hair restorer]: This restores hair to areas where it
used to be and no longer is. If imbibed, then all the skin that
can produce hair will do so (sort of a "potion of hairiness"). It
is normally applied as a salve to the area afflicted by hair
loss. Repeated treatments are needed at least once a month for a
year. There is a version that acts as the reverse--a "salve of
electrolysis," if you will.
    [Healing poultice]: On normal wounds, Type I doubles
the normal healing rate, Type II triples the normal healing rate,
and Type III quadruples the normal rate. Note that some wounds,
such as those made by a [sword of wounding], are resistant to
magical healing. Since poultices are nonmagical in nature, they
can help overcome this difficulty.
    [Love potion]: This is not the same as a [philter
of love]. The reaction is diluted, causing an individual drinking
it to become more favorably inclined towards the next member seen
of the opposite sex and a similar species. There is no [charm]
effect, nor does the potion cause any behavior out of the norm
for the affected person. The imbiber of the love potion will
instead view the aforementioned member of the opposite sex as
being much more charismatic (charisma 19) and of having some
undefinable attractive quality.
    [Maidenweed]: This potion prevents pregnancy in
females who drink it. The potion's duration is one month.
    [Mermaid's breath]: This one is always in stock if the
hedge wizard is near a body of water. Application in two to four
rounds to someone who has drowned will allow the victim a save
vs. death to cough up all water and start breathing again.
    [Nullscent]: All this does is negate the scent on a
creature or the scent that would normally be left behind on
objects handled. It requires liberal application, covering the
entire body surface of the creature to be affected. This one is
popular with thieves.
    [Plant grower]: This nonmagical potion that is poured
into the root network of a plant. This must be repeated weekly
through the growing cycle. Plant grower increases the size of the
plant by an additional 10-100%. This can be made in multiple
gallon quantities.
    [Scented soaps]: The typical medieval soap was not
anything like the "pure" soaps on the market now. The soaps sold
as scented soaps by a hedge wizard should cost at least three
times that of normal soap, but they also won't burn skin or cause
more sensitive difficulties the way old fashioned lye soap can.
    [XYZ balm]: This is a general purpose ointment or
salve that helps to cure burns, scrapes, and such difficulties as
are caused by poison ivy. XYZ balm is semi-magical (see "New
proficiencies: Alchemy") as it requires water that has run along
the spiral of a living unicorn's horn. The price should be
accordingly high. Being only semi-magical, it does not cure any
poison or burn outright, but only speeds the body's own recovery.

<New proficiencies>
    [Alchemy] (2): Skill roll=Intelligence-2. The
wizard is familiar with the use of various chemicals and
equipment required for the making of magical or semi-magical
potions, ointments, infusions, and salves. (Semi-magical
indicates that the item approximates a magical effect or requires
magic in its making, but is not itself magical for purposes of a
[detect magic] spell.) Alchemy requires the use of an alchemist's
lab: alembics, retorts, distilling apparatus, pitch pots, and
condensers. Other equipment may be needed for more complex
operations.
    [Chemistry] (2): Skill roll=Intelligence-2.
Chemists can attempt to brew poisons and acids from natural
ingredients. Acids are usually weak, causing 1-4 hp damage but
not dissolving materials rapidly. Some acids (aqua regia,
hydrochloric acid, etc.) are possible but at a -4 modifier to the
chemist's skill roll. If gunpowder is used in the campaign, then
it requires this proficiency to manufacture it. Use of this
proficiency requires the use of a chemist's lab, equal in price
to an alchemical lab, and a certain degree of privacy. Any number
of works dealing with the history of technology or science can
help pinpoint exactly what is possible in a campaign.
    [Field of study] (1): Skill roll=Intelligence-2.
This covers everything else in a sage's field of expertise not
already covered under existing proficiencies. The more detailed a
category, the more information the sage has and can turn up in
research (and the more expensive the research should be!). A
hedge wizard with a proficiency in "elven art" who looks at a
pair of old vases can tell one is an elven vase made about 1,500
years ago in Myth Drannor, and the other was probably made about
500 years ago in Everska. A hedge wizard with the field of study
of "elven art during the rule of King Alfroi" can tell that the
first vase was made by the master craftsman Iriam Talltree during
his revisionist period, but he can't tell anything about the
second vase at all other than it appears of elven make. Typical
major fields of study are: art, folklore, cryptography, languages
(doubles the number of languages spoken by the hedge wizard--not
all that important with [tongues] spells available), folklore,
genealogy, geography, geology, mathematics, mathemagics,
philosophy, and sociology. A failed skill roll means either no
knowledge (just missed the number needed) or misinformation (if
roll was off by more than four).

<New spells>
    The following spells have been devised by hedge wizards, and
fewer than one in 30 spell-casters who are not hedge wizards will
have any spell below.

Alahandra's questing call
(Divination)
Level: 3 -- Components: V,S,M --
Range: 0 -- CT: 3 turns --
Duration: 3 rds./lvl. -- Save: Neg. --
AE: 10-mile radius around caster
    Created by Alahandra of Waterdeep, this spell calls forth the
image of adventurers who are "between quests" at the moment. The
spell-caster is not in control of what sort of adventurers are
indicated by the spell, and the adventurers must be within range
of the spell. The spell often misfires (30%), showing either
nothing or scenes from another plane of existence entirely. Only
the vague shadowy image of one or two of the adventurers and
their approximate location is indicated by the spell. The
material component is a silver mirror, a small bell, and a candle
made from beeswax. Only the mirror remains after the spell's
completion.

Alvira's stasis shell
(Alteration)
Level: 6 -- Components: V,S,M --
Range: Touch -- CT: 2 --
Duration: 1 day/lvl. -- Save: None --
AE: One small nonliving object
    Alvira of the Living City created this spell to use in
conjunction with [extension]. She then cast it upon a copy
of her spellbook and hid it where it would remain for years, just
in case something happened to her original spellbook. The largest
object that can be affected by this spell is a large standard
spellbook, and the smallest object is the size of a vial of
potion. An object protected by this spell cannot be affected by
any force less powerful than a [disintegrate] spell or a
successful [dispel magic]. Water, fire, acid, lightning,
and even dragon breath merely moves along the outer shell of the
stasis. The spell cannot affect living tissue directly, though
there are reports that living tissue within a container is
affected. For all intents and purposes, time has stopped for the
object held within the field.

Bugman's mug
(Alteration)
Level: 1 -- Components: V,S,M --
Range: Touch -- CT: 4 --
Duration: 1 turn/lvl. -- Save: None --
AE: 1 mug of water
    Bugman, a thoroughly loathsome-looking individual with a
heart of gold, created this spell for a dwarven friend who often
visited. The spell alters normal water into a magical potion that
must be imbibed in the duration mentioned above. The potion
removes hangovers and other ill effects of inebriation and will
negate any current state of drunkenness. It is only effective
against alcohol-based changes in the target's physiology, thus
being ineffective against drugged stupors and poisons. No other
way to use this spell has yet been found. The material component
is a pewter mug full of water.

Heartcall
(Divination)
Level: 3 -- Components: V,S,M --
Range: Special -- CT: 3 turns --
Duration: 1 turn -- Save: None --
AE: Special
    While adventuring in far-off Kozakura, the hedge wizardess
Majinhime discovered the belief that an invisible thread of fate
connected those destined to marry. Later research bore out this
belief, and this spell was created. This spell indicates
approximate direction and distance of the target's true love, if
such exists. Sometimes the spell garners no results, indicating
that either the target being has no true love or that the time is
not right for them to meet. If this true love is on a different
dimensional plane, some indication of what dimensional plane
(alternate Prime Material plane, outer plane, Astral plane, etc.)
is all the information that can be garnered by this method. The
material components are a spool of red thread and a glass
disk.

Hedge enchantment
(Enchantment, Invocation)
Level: 5 -- Components: V,S,M --
Range: Special -- CT: 1+ days --
Duration: Special -- Save: Neg. --
AE: Special
    Similar in many respects to the sixth-level spell [enchant
an item], this spell is much less useful and restricted to
hedge wizards. It can typically be used to make a spell such as
[cantrip] a part of an object. Such enchantments have
little or no combat use and are usually restricted to comfort or
everyday use items such as skillets and blankets. The more
pronounced the effect, the more days the hedge wizard must spend
working over the item, to a maximum of one week (at the DM's
discretion).
    Another version of this spell enhances plants that it is cast
upon. Any natural plant (i.e., no molds, shambling mounds, or
hangman's trees) can be enhanced in one respect. Kudzu could be
made to grow faster, have broader leaves, or form part of a
natural water filtration system. It is believed that some druids
have this version of the spell, though it is rare that even a
hedge wizard should have it. This version only enhances a single
quality, and the plant must be a normal non-motile plant (also no
venus flytraps, sundews, or snappersaws). Only qualities that the
plant normally possesses can be enhanced.

Isolde's answer
(Divination)
Level: 3 -- Components: V,S,M --
Range: Touch -- CT: 2 rounds --
Duration: 2 rds./lvl. -- Save: None --
AE: 1 mile/level
    This spell temporarily enhances a magical mirror, [crystal
ball], or other scrying device. The spell-caster then asks
the scrying device a question, and the scrying device answers
that question by showing an appropriate scene if it is within the
area of effect. Typical questions include: "Where did I put that
book on magical apparatus?" "Who is the most beautiful in the
land?" and "Where are the fish biting today?" Note that a scrying
device must be in operation at the time the spell is cast. The
material component is the scrying device, which is not consumed
by the spell-casting.

Mental block
(Enchantment/Charm)
Level: 1 -- Components: V,S,M --
Range: Touch -- CT: 3 turns --
Duration: Special -- Save: Neg. --
AE: Creature touched
    This spell can only be cast on a willing and living target.
The [mental block] affects a particular message, causing
it to be blocked from recall or mental examination until such
time as a predetermined trigger is met. The trigger can be as
simple as "when you are in the presence of King Azoun of Cormyr"
to "three days hence, when the cock crows" or any reasonable
similar condition. Torture, spells that probe the mind,
[dispel magic], or any number of other attempts to learn
the message will cause the permanent loss of the message instead.
This spell is commonly used by kings wishing to send secret
information by courier; the information is stored in the
courier's mind until the preset conditions are met. The material
component is a chip of granite.

Nimodes' major delousing
(Necromancy)
Level: 2 -- Components: V,S --
Range: 0 -- CT: 1 turn --
Duration: 2 hrs./lvl. -- Save: None --
AE: 60' radius
    All normal insects within the area of effect are slain
instantly, and no such creature may enter the area until after
the spell's duration has ended. Note that the spell area cannot
be moved, and only normal insects are affected by the spell.
Summoned creatures, even if normal insects, can penetrate the
barrier due to the magical nature of the summons. Creatures
bedding down for a night in the swamps have been known to pay
good money for multiple castings of this spell.

Nimodes' unseen butler
(Conjuration/Summoning)
Level: 2 -- Components: V,S,M --
Range: 20 yards -- CT: 2 --
Duration: Special -- Save: None --
AE: 60 square feet/level
    Nimodes has sold this spell to several enterprising hedge
wizards, so it can be found from Kara-Tur to Cormyr. This spell
creates something akin to a supercharged [unseen servant]
who races along like a whirlwind along the area of effect.
The servitor buffs and polishes, cleans and waxes, straightens
and sweeps. The spell lasts until the area of effect is clean,
usually three to four rounds. The material component is a piece
of string and drop of oil. This spell is used to clean the
wizard's own area as well as inns and taverns after a busy night.
All trash and broken items are collected in a single heap at the
end of the area of effect.

Rebinding
(Enchantment, Alteration, Invocation/Evocation)
Level: 7 -- Components: V,S,M --
Range: Touch -- CT: 2 turns --
Duration: Special -- Save: Neg. --
AE: One item
    [Rebinding] is possibly the most powerful spell known
to be in the province of hedge wizards, and it is certainly the
most rare. Out of a thousand hedge wizards, one might know this
spell. [Rebinding] is cast upon a broken magical item such as a
[long sword +1] in order to bind the magicks into the materials
of the item. The item must be forged anew or repaired by an
expert (a master swordsmith for the long sword), then [rebinding]
must be cast again on the item. The item gets a saving throw on
both occasions and must fail both saving throws for the item to
be remade. This has no effect on an item that has run out of
charges, is disintegrated, or which is missing some pieces. (If,
in the example, the long sword was hit by a [crystalbrittle] or
[Mordenkainen's disjunction], it cannot be remade by this spell.)
This is typically used for the repair of family heirlooms, items
made in accordance with a prophesy, or similarly irreplaceable
items. The material component is two pieces of lodestone and a
skein of silver wire costing 50 gp, both vanishing during the
casting of the spell.

Sharpen
(Alteration)
Level: 1 -- Components: V,S --
Range: Touch -- CT: 3 --
Duration: Instant. -- Save: None --
AE: 10' square
    An enterprising mage who lived near a castle gate came up
with this spell. It sharpens and straightens edges in weapons,
clearing the normal dents and nicks out. The edges will have a
normal sharpness, not conferring any bonus to damage or "to hit"
rolls. Blunt weapons are not affected by this spell in the
slightest, though piercing weapons are. Hedge wizards have been
known to cast this for city guardsmen at a discount especially
before inspection, just in case the mage needs a hand later on.


Table 1
Items and Services Found In a Hedge Wizard's Shop

Item -- Number in stock -- Chance in stock --
Potion of [healing] -- 1-8 -- 80% --
Potion of [extra-healing] -- 1-2 -- 35% --
Potion of [sweet water] -- 1-2 -- 40% --
Potion of [speed] -- 1 -- 10% --
[Philter of love] -- 1 -- 5% --
Potion of [rainbow hues] -- 1 -- 5% --
Potion of [polymorph self] -- 1 -- 1% --
Potion of [ventriloquism] -- 1 -- 3% --
Scroll of [protection] -- 1 -- 1% --
[Arrow +1] -- 1-6 -- 5% --
[Sling bullet +1] -- 1-4 -- 5% --
Common material components -- 1-20 -- 80% --
Sage categories -- 1-2 -- 75% --
Common poultices & herbs -- 90% --
Maps, books, & curios -- 2-20 -- 90% --
Referrals -- -- -- 99% --
Odd minor magical items -- 1-4 -- 10% --


Table 2
Prices of Spells Cast by Hedge Wizards from Scrolls

Spell -- Price -- Chance in stock --
[Clairvoyance] -- 300 gp+ -- 40% --
[Continual light] -- 1,100 gp -- 80% --
[Dispel magic] -- 900 gp+ -- 60% --
[Invisibility] -- 250 gp -- 20% --
[Legend lore] -- 1,200 gp -- 5% --
[True seeing] -- 5,500 gp -- 5% --


Table 3
Scroll Spells Sold By Hedge Wizards

Spell -- Price -- Chance in stick --
[Detect magic] -- 500 gp -- 95% --
[Feather fall] -- 500 gp -- 5% --
[Light] -- 500 gp -- 35% --
[Magic missile] -- 1000 gp -- 55% --


Table 4
Minor Potions and Remedies

Difficulty #1
Allergy suppressant -- Breath cleanser --
Burnsalve I -- Delousing powder --
Hangover remedy -- Healing poultice I --
Ivy ointment -- Maidenweed --
Purgative -- Nerve tonic --
Scented soap -- Smelling salts --

Difficulty #2
Babblejuice -- Brainflight --
Bloodstop (clotter) -- Burnsalve II --
Nullscent -- Numbing salve --
Sleeping draught -- Stamina draught --
XYZ balm -- Whiskerbane --
Healing poultice II -- Common poison antidotes --

Difficulty #3
Fish summoner -- Firegel (fireproofing) --
Flameoil (Greek fire) -- Glow water --
Hair restorer -- Love potion --
Mermaid's breath -- Plant grower --
Whiskerbane -- Healing poultice III --

END FILE
