

		The Swordhawk Rules - second edition


			Copyright (c) 1993-96 by
		o
		Adne Brunborg, brunborg@alkymi.unit.no



 This item is published by MPG-Net under license from TSR, Inc. 
 ("TSR") but is not authorized or endorsed by TSR.  The item is for 
 personal use only.  If the item is based on or derived from 
 copyrighted material of TSR or uses trademarks of TSR in a way that 
 is likely to cause confusion, it cannot be re-published or distributed 
 except as authorized by TSR.  In addition, this item cannot be 
 republished or distributed without the consent of the author.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

Preface

At last, the Swordhawk Rules are ready for the public. It has been a
long way in coming, but on the following pages I have tried to make
the incompleteness and contradictions presented by TSR inc. in their
various books for the Advanced Dungeons & Dragons 2nd ed. role-playing
game.  I have tried to make the combat rules more understandable and
better, as well as developing a more comfortable magic system. It is
loosely based on "Spellpoints III" (author: Tim Prestero) found in the
Net Wizard's Handbook, 3rd ed. by Jim Gitzlaff.

Trondheim (Norway), October 10, 1994


Preface to second edition

The most noticeable differences from the first edition is the
introduction of the new hit point system and the use of character
points, introduced by TSR, Inc. in their Skills & Powers rulebook. But
changes have been made to both the combat system and the magic system
since first edition, as results of one year of playtesting. I have
also included two priesthoods, these do not make a complete pantheon
but should give some hints - if this is desired.  Some sections are
marked Optional, this means that I don't always use them myself. Of
course, everything in these pages is to be concidered optional by the
DM, but I hope the contents may prove useful for other than me.  My
gratitude goes to the netters that commented on the fi -version, and
to my gaming groups, without whom this work might never have seen the
light.

Trondheim (Norway), February 24, 1996

o
Adne Brunborg

-1-

-------------------------------------------------------------------------

Contents

1 Character Generation				 3
1.1 Player Character races  . . . . . . . . . .  3
1.2 Player Character classes    . . . . . . . .  8

2 Hit Points					10
2.1 Body Points   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10
2.2 Skill Points  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10
2.3 Wounded   . . . . . . . . . . . . .	. . . . 10
2.4 Death   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11

3 Combat					12
3.1 Optional: Initiative  . . . . . . . . . . . 12
3.2 Specialization (melee)  . . . . . . . . . . 12
3.3 Specialization (bows)   . . . . . . . . . . 13
3.4 The four fighting styles  . . . . . . . . . 14
3.5 Optional: Disarming   . . . . . . . . . . . 15
3.6 Optional: Blocking  . . . . . . . . . . . . 15
3.7 Knocking out characters   . . . . . . . . . 16
3.8 Optional: Critical hits and misses  . . . . 16

4 Magic						17
4.1 Magicians   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17
4.2 Priests   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18
4.3 Spellcasting  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18
4.4 Optional: Casting check   . . . . . . . . . 20

5 Misc. Rulings					21
5.1 Multi-classed characters  . . . . . . . . . 21
5.2 Energy drain  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21
5.3 Optional: Movement  . . . . . . . . . . . . 22

A Strength table				23

B Level advancement tables			24

C Racial tables					25

D Arms&Armor					27
D.1 Weapons   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27
D.2 Armor   . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 28

E Priesthood: Adona				29

F Priesthood: Starkad				35

-2-

---------------------------------------------------------------------

Chapter 1: Character Generation


This chapter is intended to be a step-by-step proceure for creating a
character. It's intended for near-beginners or beginners with the aid
of an experienced player or DM, so if it's too detailed just skip it.

The creation of a character is divided into the following steps:

1. Roll the stats and arrange them as you like.  This is done by
rolling 4d6 (four six-sided dice), picking the three highest and add
them. If all four dices show the same number, you get +1 on that
stat. This will give you six stats in the 4-19 range. A strength of 19
is not possible to aquire this way, a 19 in strength is concidered an
18.

2. Choose a race. Each race has sveral abilities to choose between,
presented on the following pages. If you are new to the game choosing
"standard" ablities is recommended.

3. Choose a class. If you wish to be a multclassed character, read
section 5.1. The Skills & Powers book offers custom-made classes
(modified herein), but beginners are recommended to use the standard
classes from the Player's Handbook.

4. Choose non-weapon proficiencies (NWPs). This is not dealt with in
this book.

5. Choose weapon proficiencies. This book offers various
specialisation systems, if you do not use Skills & Powers rules you
may have trouble using them.'

6. Roll hit points.

7. Roll for staring money and purchase equipment as given in the
Player's Handbook.  For those who don't use Skills & Powers, most of
these rules may still be used. The section on character classes should
be ignored, and the specialization systems should be modified. The
rest of it may be used as it stands.


1.1 Player Character races

General

Cross-breeds between members of two sub-races within a race is
possible, and will be dominated by the blood of one of the parents
(50% chance for each).  The offspring will for the future be
calculated as a full-blooded member of his dominant sub-race, although
traces of both parents can be seen.  Cross-breeds between races is not
possible. Table 1.1 shows sample ability score modifications.  Other
tables that deals with races, such as maximum and minimum ability
score requirements, are given in appendix C.

Table 1.1: Ability score modifications

Race			Bonus	Penalty
Dwarves
	Coast		+1 Con	-1 Wis
	Mountain	+1 Con	-1 Cha
Elves
	High		+1 Dex	-1 Con
	Wood		+1 Dex	-1 Cha
Gnomes
	Rock		+1 Int	-1 Wis
	Forest		+1 Wis	-1 Str
Halflings
	Hairfoot	+1 Dex	-1 Str
	Stout		+1 Con	-1 Str
Human			 none	 none
Orc			+1 Str	-1 Cha

General Notes:

* If a weapon bonus is chosen, this is for one weapon only. The
character must also be proficient in the weapon when his character is
created in order to choose these bonuses. Dwarves and orcs may choose
two such bonuses, the other races may only have one such bonus.

* In order for thief characters to get racial bonuses to their Move
Silently roll, Stealth must be chosen.

* Infravision. There are two types of infravision, which works
differently: Low-light vision enables the character to see in twilight
conditions as if it were daylight.  Thus, characters with this type of
infravision may fight without penalties under twilight
conditions. This infravision is of no use unless there is a small
amount of light available, it is useless in absolute darkness.  Heat
vision enables the characterto sense heat emmited from differing
sources if there is no light present. If even the smallest amount of
light is present, it is ineffective.  This enables the character to
fight with twilight penalties in total darkness.

* Characters points from the generation of races may be saved for use
in purchasing class abilities.  When the race and class is finished,
all excess points are forever lost, except for human charactres who
may save five character points for "future use".


Dwarves

The dwarves are divided into two sub-races, known as Coast Dwarves and
Mountain Dwarves. Both are fairly tanned (despite the amount of time
they spend underground) and usually have dark hair and beard. Mountain
Dwarves usually have brown eyes, while the eyes of Coast Dwarves are
usually bright blue. Both sub-races average 4 to 4.5 feet tall. The
average weight is slightly above 150 pounds for males and slightly
under 130 pounds for females.  Both sub-races add one on their initial
constitution score, this is to reflect their sturdiness and
endurance. Due to this, they receive a bonus on saving throw versus
poison based on their constitution score. This bonus is presented in
table C.3, appendix C.

Mountain Dwarves are of suspicious nature, and thus lose one point
from their initial charisma score.  Coast Dwarves are of a more open
nature, and thus has no modifiers to their charisma score. However,
they are more foolhardy of nature and thus subtract one point from
their initial wisdom score.  The anti-magical nature of dwarves may
cause magical items to malfunction. Each time an item is used, there
is a 20% chance of malfunction. This applies to all magical items
except weapons, shields, armor, gauntlets and girdles, as well as
priestly items used by dwarven priests. This non-magical nature also
has advantages, dwarves receive a bonus on saving throws against
attacks from magical rods, staves, wands, and wizard spells. They
receive no bonus on saving throws versus priestly spells. The bonus is
based on their constitution score, and is given in table C.3.

All dwarves have infravision. This allows them to detect noticeable
heat sources within 60', given that no light source exist. (If a light
source exist, the eyes of the dwarf will use the normal spectra.)
With this ability, dwarves can fight in total darkness against
creatures that emit heat with combat penalties normally used under
twilight conditions.  Furthermore, dwarven sub-races have 25 character
points to purchase abilities as presented below.  Five character
points can be saved for future use.  Mountain dwarves may be paladins,
if this is desired.

Standard selections are: for Coast Dwarf (saves 5 cp); Axe bonus,
Evaluate gems and Melee combat, and for Mountain Dwarf; Hammer bonus,
Melee combat and Mining detection

Axe bonus (5): +1 to attack rolls with hand or
battle axes.

Brewing (5): +2 to the Brewing proficiency. The
dwarf must have this proficiency to gain this
benefit.

Crossbow bonus (5): +1 to attacks with heavy or
light crossbows.

Determine stability (5): The character is an expert in determining if
the ground is stable. By concentrating for one round the character can
determine if there will be a dangerous tremor, collapse, rockfall or
slide when the character enters an area. The chance of success is 1-4
on 1d6.

Determine age (5): By examining a building or ruins, the dwarf stands
an excellent chance of determining the approximate age of the
structure.  The chance of success is 1-5 on 1d6.

Detect poison (5): By sniffing food or drink, the dwarf can determine
if is has been poisoned.  The chance of success is 1-4 on 1d6.

Evaluate gems (5): A dwarf with this ability can determine within 10%
the value of any given gem.

Hammer bonus (5): +1 to hit with hammers.

-4-

Mace bonus (5): +1 on attacks with the footman's mace.

Meld into stone (10): Once a day a dwarf with this ability can Meld
Into Stone as a priest of the same level.

Melee combat (10): Dwarves have +1 bonus to
their attack rolls vs. orcs, goblins, and hobgoblins.
Further, when ogres, ogre magi, trolls,
and giants are fighting dwarves, they suffer a
-4 penalty to their attack roll due to the size
and special training of the dwarves.

Mining detection ability (10): A character with this ability is
familiar with mining, tunneling and stonework. By concentrating for
one round the character can detect:
	Grade or slope in passage:		1-5 on 1d6
	New tunnel/passage construction:	1-5 on 1d6
	Sliding/shifting walls or rooms:	1-4 on 1d6
	Stonework traps, pits, and deadfalls:	1-3 on 1d6
	Approx. depth underground:		1-3 on 1d6

Pick bonus (5): +1 to attack rolls with military picks.

Stone tell (10): Once a day a dwarf with this ability can use the
Stone Tell ability, as a priest of the same level.


Elves

The elves are divided into two sub-races, known as High Elves and Wood
Elves. They are all slim, although the High Elves appear more fragile
than their somewhat shorter woodland cousins. High Elves usually have
pale, almost white skin, while Wood Elves are of somewhat darker
complexion.  High Elves have an average height of 5.5 to 6 feet, while
Wood Elves are somewhat shorter with an average height of 4.5 to 5
feet. The average weight for both are around 105 pounds for males and
85 pounds for females.

Both races add one point to their initial dexterity score, this is
because of their generally high agility and coordination. Due to their
lack of sturdiness, the High Elves subtract one point from their
initial constitution score. The Wood Elves is more sturdy than they
look, and has no modification to their constitution score. However,
due to their general mistrust, Wood Elves subtract one point from
their initial charisma score.

As a result of their immortal inheritage, elves do not have souls as
normal mortals do. As a result of this, they are unable to pray for
priest spells as the other races. But still they are able to use magic
to great extent, and due to their closeness with nature some elves
become able to use priest spells that are directly associated with
nature (typically, ranger spells). As another result of this
inheritage, elves have 90% resistance to magical Sleep and
Charm-related attacks.

Both sub-races have very keen sight, including the ability to see
clearly in twilight up to 60' away.  Thus, they suffer no combat
penalty when fighting in twilight conditions.

Both races has 25 character points they can use to purchase abilities
as listed below. Five points can be saved for future use. If a H or W
is denoted in the cost, it may only be taken by High or Wood Elves,
respectively.

Standard selections are: for High Elves; Secret doors, Stealth and
Magic identification, and for Wood Elves; Animal friendship, Bow bonus
and Stealth.

Animal friendship (10/W): Once a day, the elf can use the Animal
Friendship spell as a druid of the same level.

Bow bonus (5/W): +1 on attacks with long or short bows.

Companion (10): The elf gains the companionship of a cooshee or an
elven cat. See the Animal

Master kit (S&P) for more specifics on companion of animals.

Curative (10): Cure diseases of all non-magical types once a week for
every six levels. This is done by laying hands on the subject.

Dagger bonus (5): +1 on attacks with daggers, either thrown or
hand-held.

Healing (15): The elf is able to heal himself or others once per day
by laying hands on them.  The elf can restore two hit points per level
this way. Note: This ability may only be taken by wizard characters
with access to the Enchantment/Charm and/or Necromantic school.

Javelin bonus (5): +1 attack roll bonus when using javelins.

Magic identification (10/H): The elf has a 5% chance per experience
level of identifying the general purpose and function of any magical
item, reflecting their interest in the arcane. This is as per the bard
ability.

Rapier bonus (5/H): +1 on attacks with rapiers.

Secret doors (5/H) Because of their acute senses, elves are quick to
spot concealed doors and

-5-

hidden entrances. Merely passing within 10' of a concealed door gives
an elven character a one-in-six chance to notice it. When actively
seeking for such doors, they have a one-inthree chance to find a
secret door and a onein-two chance of finding a concealed one.

Speak with plants (10/W): Once a day, the elf can use the Speak With
Plants spell as a druid of the same level.

Spear bonus (5): +1 attack roll bonus when using a spear.

Stealth (10): Elves have the ability to give their enemies a -4
penalty to a surprise roll if the elf is: 1) moving alone, 2) is 90'
away from the rest of their party, or 3) is with other creatures able
to move with stealth. If the elf must open a door or screen to get to
the enemy, the penalty is reduced to -2.


Gnomes

The gnomish sub-races are known as Rock Gnomes and Forest Gnomes. They
are both of approximately same height and weight (and size of nose),
but the similarities end there. Their average height is just below 4
feet, with the corresponding weight is around 85 and 80 pounds for
males and females, respectively.

Rock Gnomes mostly live underground, while their forest dwelling kind
usually tries to avoid this as much as possible. Where the Rock Gnome
is inquisitive and curious, the Forest Gnome considers the pros and
cons to find the best solution to a problem. Thus, the Rock Gnomes ad
one point to their initial intelligence score and subtract one point
from their initial wisdom score. The small size of the Rock Gnome
could warrant a reduced strength score, but due to the hard labor
performed in the mines this is not done. The Forest Gnome add one
point to his initial wisdom score, as indicated above, and subtracts
one point from his strength score as he lacks the training of the Rock
Gnomes.

Rock Gnomes has 60' heat vision, similar to the dwarves, while the
Forest Gnomes has no such special vision. However, Forest Gnomes are
able to Pass Without Trace through their native woodland as per the
druid ability.

Gnome characters has 35 character points to purchase abilities from
those presented below. Five character points may be saved for future
use. If an F or R are denoted in the cost, the ability may only be
taken by Forest or Rock Gnomes, respectively.  Standard slections are:
for Forest Gnomes; Animal friendship, Hide, Poison resistance and
Stealth, for Rock Gnomes; Melee combat, Mining detection ability,
Poison resistance and Stealth.

Animal friendship (10/F): Once a day a gnome may cast an Animal
Friendship spell as druid of the same level.

Melee combat (10): +1 bonus on their attack rolls vs. kobolds and
goblins - the gnomes' traditional rivals for space and
resources. Further, when ogres, ogre magi, trolls, and giants are
fighting gnomes, they suffer a -4 penalty to their attack roll due to
the size and quickness of the gnomes.

Dagger bonus (5): +1 to attack rolls with daggers.

Dart bonus (5): +1 to attacks with darts, their preferred missile
weapon.

Defensive bonus (5/R): +1 to AC when in their native underground
environment.

Engineering bonus (5): If the gnome has the engineering bonus, he
gains a +2 bonus to the proficiency.

Freeze (10/R): The ability to \freeze" in place in their underground
environment. This gives them a 60% chance not to be noticed by
passerby.

Hide (10/F): The ability to Hide in Woods with a chance equal to a
thief of the same level's Hide in Shadows ability.

Mining detection ability (10/R): A character with this ability is
familiar with mining, tunneling and stonework. By concentrating for
one round the character can detect:
	Grade or slope in passage:		1-5 on 1d6
	Approx. depth underground:		1-4 on 1d6
	Approx. direction underground:		1-3 on 1d6
	Unsafe walls, ceilings or floors:	1-7 on 1d10

Poison resistance (5): Like dwarves, some gnomes are resistant to
poison. This grants them a bonus on their saves vs. poison, depending
on their constitution score. This bonus is given in table C.3.

Potion identification (5): A gnome with this ability has a percentage
chance equal to his Wisdom score of identifying a potion by appearance
and scent.

Short sword bonus (5): +1 on attack rolls with short swords.

-6-

Sling bonus (5): +1 on to-hit rolls when using a sling.

Stealth (10): Gnomes have the ability to give their enemies a -4
penalty to a surprise roll if the gnome is: 1) moving alone, 2) is 90'
away from the rest of their party, or 3) is with other creatures able
to move with stealth. If the gnome must open a door or screen to get
to the enemy, the penalty is reduced to -2.


Halflings

Halflings are divided in two sub-races, known as Hairfoots and
Stouts. Most halflings are around 3' tall and weighs 60 to 70 pounds,
the stouts being slightly taller and heavier.

Halflings are a sturdy and industrious people, generally quiet and
peaceful. They enjoy all the creature comforts, and while not overly
ambitious, they are friendly and open.

Stouts add one point to their initial constitution score, as they are
endurant and sturdy. The Hairfoots add one point to their initial
dexterity score due to their natural agility. Both subtract one point
from their initial strength score, this is a result of the small size
and preference for comfortable life.  Halflings have 35 character
points to purchase abilities as listed below. Five character points
may be saved for future use. If an H or S is denoted in the cost, the
ability may only be taken by Hairfoots or Stouts, respectively. Stouts
may be paladins, if desired.

Standard selections are: for Hairfoots; Hide, Reaction bonus, Saving
throw bonus and Stealth, for Stouts: Attack bonus, Detect secret
doors, Saving throw bonus and Stealth.

Attack bonus (10): +1 to hit with all hurled weapons
and slings.

Detect evil (5/H) Halflings are very pereptive. Once a day a halfling
with this ability can detecct evil in creatures or individuals. This
ability does not function on items or locals.  

Detect secret doors (5): Because of their acute senses, halflings are
quick to spot concealed doors and hidden entrances. Merely passing
within 10' of a concealed door gives a halfling character a one-in-six
chance to notice it. When actively seeking for such doors, they have a
one-in-three chance to find a secret door and a one-in-two chance of
finding a concealed one.

Hide (10): The ability to Hide in Woods with a chance equal to a thief
of the same level's Hide in Shadows ability.

Infravision (5/S): Some halflings have the dwarven ability to sense
emissions of heat. The range of this heat vision is 30'.

Mining detection ability (5/S): A character with this ability is
familiar with mining, tunneling and stonework. By concentrating for
one round the character can detect:
	Grade or slope in passage:		1-3 on 1d6
	Approx. direction underground:		1-3 on 1d4

Reaction bonus(5/H): Due to the merry nature of
the halfling, he receives a +1 bonus on reaction
rolls.

Saving throw bonuses (10): Halflings have a high resistance to magical
spells and poison. Thus, they receive a special save bonus vs. poison,
rod, staves, wands and wizard spells. They receive no bonus on saving
throws against priestly magic. The save bonus is based on their
constitution score, and is given in table C.3.

Stealth (10): Halflings have the ability to give their enemies a -4
penalty to a surprise roll if the halfling is: 1) moving alone, 2) is
90' away from the rest of their party, or 3) is with other creatures
able to move with stealth. If the halfling must open a door or screen
to get to the enemy, the penalty is reduced to -2.

Taunt (5): Once a day the halfling can Taunt someone, as per the 1st
level wizard spell.


Humans

No other race is as varied as humans. They have no standard abilities,
except the ability to choose any class and advance further than any
other race.

An average human is a little under 6' tall, with average weights for
males and females are little over 170 and 130 pounds,
respectively. Hair colors varies from light blond to pitch black, and
eye colors are light blue to dark brown with all variations inbetween.

Humans have 10 character points to purchase abilties from those listed
below. Some or all of these may be saved for future use. Standard
selection for humans are no special bonuses, all are saved.

Attack bonus (5): +1 to hit with any weapon of the character's choice.

Experience bonus (10): +5% experience point bonus.  This is cumulative
with the normal experiuence bonus if the human meets the requirements
to gain this.

-7-

Secret doors (10): A human may have the ability to spot concealed
doors and hidden entranceways.  Merely passing within 10' of a
concealed door gives the character a one-in-six chance to notice
it. When actively seeking for such doors, he has a one-in-three chance
to find a secret door and a one-in-two chance of finding a concealed
one.


Orcs

Orcs have an average height slightly over 6' for males, females are
two or three inches shorter. Their average weights are approx. 200
pounds for males and 185 pounds for females. Orcs have brown to gray
skin, dark brown eyes (exceptions exists), and brown to black
hair. Most noticeable are their tusks that are between 0.5 and 1 inch
longer than their other teeth. This may give them a very fierce look,
and often causes distrust in other races. Due to their size and mass,
orcs add one point to their initial strength score. They are generally
mistrustive, this causes them to subtract one point from their initial
charisma score.

Orcish characters receive 20 character points to purchase abilities
among those presented below. Five character points may be saved for
future use.  Standard selection are Attack bonus, Damage bonus, and
Infravision (low-light).

Active sense of smell (5): The character's sense of smell is sensitive
enough to give a +1 bonus to surprise rolls.

Acute taste (5): The character's sense of taste is so sensitive he
gains a +2 bonus to saving throws vs. imbided poisons.

Attack bonus (5): +1 on attack rolls with one nonbow weapon of the
player's choice.

Damage bonus (5): +1 damage bonus with one melee weapon of the
player's choice.

Infravision (10): The character receives infravision with a range of
60'. The type of infravision is chosen by the player (heat vision or
low-light vision). This ability may not be taken twice to get both
types of infravision.

Magic resistance (10): Due to the resistance towards magic some orcs
posess, they receive a +2 bonus on saving throws versus all types of
magical attacks. This ability may not be taken by any spellcasting
characters. Orcs with this ability runs a 20% risk of failing to
activate a magical item.

Mining detection abilities (5): A character with this skill is
familiar with mining, tunneling and stonework. By concentrating for
one round the character can detect:
	Grade or slope in passage:		1-2 on 1d6
	New tunnel/passage construction:	1-3 on 1d6

Poison resistance (5): +2 to saving throws versus poison.

Optional: Orcish paladins

Orcish paladins are possible, in spite of the fact that maximum
charisma for orcs are 14. In order to play an orcish paladin, the
player must roll an 18 to use on charisma, modified to 17. The orcish
paladin is concidered to have a charisma score of 14 when rolling
reaction adjustmenst and so on.  


1.2 Player Character classes 

The following modifications/clarifications applies to the classes
presented in the Skills & Powers book:
 Weapon specialization must be selected from
all of the character's classes in order to be able
to specialize. Only single-classed fighters may
specialize in more than one weapon.

Fighter
* Increased movement is +25%.
* Magic resistance is not available.

Paladin
* Curative is once per week for every five levels of the paladin.

Ranger
* Climbing: The ranger uses the Hide in Shadowspercentage as a positive
modifier to his climbing chance.

Thief
* Orc characters use the Half-Orc column for modifications to thieving
abilities.
* Combat bonus (10): Allows for use of the priest's THAC0 chart

-8-

Bard
* Combat bonus (10): Allows for use of the priest's THAC0 chart
* Wizard spells is not available. The bard must be a multi-classed
wizard in order to cast wizard spells.

Priest
* See the various priesthoods for details and list
of abilities.

Wizard
* Wizards have 50 character points.
* Access to Alteration costs 10 character points.
* Access to Invocation/Evocation costs 10 character points.
* Armored wizard costs 10 character points allows only padded, leather
and studded leather armor to be worn.
* Automatic spells costs 10 character points. The DM has the details
about the aquisation of the spell, it does not instantly pop up in the
wizard's spellbook.
* Casting reduction costs 10 character points.  No difference in effect
for mages and specialists.

* Combat bonus allows rogue THAC0 chart for both mages and specialist
wizards.
* Priestly wizard is not available.
* No components is not available.  

-9-

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Chapter 2: Hit Points


2.1 Body Points

All characters have base hit points equal to (Str+Con)/4 rounded up if
the fraction is 0:5 or more, down if below 0:5. This represent the
physical condition of his body, and constitution-bonus does not
apply. All these points are Body Points and this amount does not
change unless the stats of the character change.  When a character has
suffered a loss of body points, he is said to have suffered physical
damage.

2.2 Skill Points

As a character rises in levels, his combat skills increase and he
dodges blows against him easier. Furthermore, his pain tolerance and
ability to ignore effects of magic upon his body increase. This is all
reflected in his Skill Points, which is the Hit Dice of the
character's class (d4, d6, d8, d10 or d12).

Skill points are healed naturally at the rate of one point per turn of
undisturbed rest, half the rate if the character is engaged in
non-strenuous activity.  Physical points are regenerated at the rate
of one point per 24 hours of undisturbed rest unless the character has
a constitution score of 20 or more, in which case the rate is a bit
higher (see constitution table, Player's Handbook). NWPs such as
Healing and/or Herbalism may modify this rate.

2.3 Wounded

If a character has suffered physical damage, he is
wounded. His concentration is failing some, his
wounds hurt, and he is generally in bad shape. This
reflects on his actions, he fights less efficient, walks
slower, a spell may fizzle and so on.

For each 10% of physical damage a character has suffered, he is at -1
to hit and damage, has a -1 penalty on all saves and a +1 initiative
penalty, movement is dropped by 10% and there is a 5% chance of spell
failure. On table 2.1 below are given the time at which the penalties
are applied.

Table 2.1: Penalties while wounded

Max	 Penalty at X physical damage (*)
BP	  -1  -2  -3  -4  -5  -6  -7  -8  -9	
 4	       1           2       3
 5	       1       2       3       4
 6	   1       2       3       4   5
 7	   1   2       3   4       5   6
 8	   1   2   3       4   5   6   7
 9	   1   2   3   4   5   6   7   8
10	   1   2   3   4   5   6   7   8   9

(*): To find the percentage chance of spell failure,
multiply the penalty by 5

25%, rounded up, of the healing gained through Cure spells and the Lay
on Hands ability will be physical points (i.e. the 1st, 4th, 9th
etc.). Thus, a Cure Light Wounds spell (1d8 points of healing) will
cure 1-2 physical points.

A character cannot have a higher fraction of skill points than of
physical points, i.e. if a character has suffered a loss of 20%
physical points, he will have no more than 80% of his skill points
until he is cured for all wounds.


Falling Damage

When a character falls down, physical damage will be
suffered. However, a character's skill in dodging allows for some
skill point loss instead.  A base of 65% of the falling damage is
physical damage. A successful dexterity check will allow some damage
to be taken as skill damage. The amount to be taken as skill damage
will be increased by 5%, plus 5% per point of margin the check was
made by.

If a "1" is rolled, all damage may be taken as skill damage. If the
chatacter has a dexterity score of 14 or more and rolls a "1", a
second successful dexterity check will cause half the damage to be
suffered. If this roll also is a "1", a third check is allowed and so
forth.

2.4 Death

A character is dead whenever his hit points reaches
a negative amount decided by his constitution score.
However, his chances of survival lessens once he is on
negative hit points. To help determining survival,
the Survival Roll is hereby introduced. It is simply
a System Shock roll with a -3% penalty per negative
hit point.

There are four categories of condition a character can have below
positive hit points; Unconscious, Critically Wounded, Mortally Wounded
and Comatose. To calculate these categories, do as indicated below:

Unconscious (0 to -0.25*Con): The character is unconscious and does not
loose further hit points.  A successful Survival roll will allow the
character to wake up after 2d20 minutes (still at negative hit points
and unable to do anything), and he can be healed normally. If the roll
is failed, the character is still unconscious and regains one hit
point per day of normal rest, Cure spells can take him up to 1 hp and
then 24 hours are required before further healing can be applied
(except for a Heal spell).  Natural healing is one hit point per day
(24 hours).

Seriously Wounded (-0.25*Con to -0.5*Con): The character is seriously
wounded and bleeds one hp per round (20 seconds). A character with
Healing proficiency, as well as a -4 wisdom check by others, a Cure
spell or Lay on Hands will stabilize the character. When the character
is stable, a Survival roll will allow him to accept magical healing of
power less Heal up to 1 hp, while a failed roll will cause such spells
to have half normal efficiency. A Heal spell will still have full
effect.  Natural healing is one hit point per day if the character
rolls a successful Survival roll each day.

Mortally Wounded (-0.5*Con to -(Con-1): The character is bleeding to
death (1 hp per round).  A Healing proficiency check (or a -10 wisdom
check by a non-proficient character) as well as a a Cure spell or Lay
on Hands is sufficient to stabilize the character. Once stable, a
successful Survival roll will allow him to accept Cure spells at half
efficiency (rounded down) up to 1 hp, at which point he must rest for
24 hours before he can be cured up to 1/2 his hit point maximum
(rounded down). After that 24 hours more he can be fully cured.  A
Heal spell will take the character up to 1 hp, and further magical
healing will then affect him normally. A failed Survival check
indicates that the character is comatose (see below) but stable.

Natural healing is slow, the character regains one hit point per two
days if two successive Survival rolls are successful (one per
day). There is no chance of dying if precautions are taken (not moving
the character, see that he has enough to drink, and so on).

Comatose (-Con to -1.25*Con): The character is on the threshold of
death. A Healing check at 4 or 15 hit points of healing is required to
stabilize the character. A failed survival roll after stabilization
indicates that the character looses one hit point and a new survival
roll is required. This continues until either the character is dead or
succeeds a survival roll.  A successful roll indicates that the
character is stable. He may accept Cure spells at onethird the normal
efficiency (rounded down) up to Mortally Wounded, at which point he
must rest for 48 hours before further healing can be applied. A Heal
spell will bring him up to Seriously Wounded, and further healing can
be applied normally.

If no magical healing is available, the character can heal
naturally. A new Survival roll each day three days in a row will allow
the character to regain 1 hp, if all three rolls are failed by more
than 20% the character will loose 1 hp. There is no time limit to how
long a character can be comatose, except for the problem of
nourishment.


As a final note it can be mentioned that special circumstances can
modify both the categories and apply modifiers to the Survival
rolls. This is (as usual) fully in the hands of the DM. If a character
dies, and his companions manage to retrieve him (not an easy task),
the character looses one point from his constitution score.

Example: Gillette is a druid with a constitution score of
15. Calculations give 15*0.25 = 3:75; 15*0.5 = 7:5; 15*1.25 = 18:75
which implies that she is at unconscious from 0 to -3, at seriously
wounded from -4 to -7, at mortally wounded from -8 to -14, and
comatose from -15 to -18. If she drops to -19 or below, she is dead.

-11-

------------------------------------------------------------------

Chapter 3: Combat


3.1 Optional: Initiative

The base for initiative is different for magic use and
weapon use. For magic use or other mental activities,
the nimbleness of the character is of little use,
while a sharp mind is important. For physical attack,
a quick body is more important than a sharp
mind.

Initiative is decided as follows:

Physical: Half the character's Dexterity score plus
8, minus size modifier, minus initiative modifier
(such as weapon speed), plus 1d6.

Mental: Half the character's Intelligence score, minus
initiative modifier (such as casting time of
spells), plus 1d6.

In addition, armor may slow a character down, depending on the
type. This has only effect on physical actions, initiative of
spellcasting and similar actions is not affected by armor. The effect
is given in table 3.1:

Table 3.1: Armor Modifiers

Armor Type				Penalty
Leather, Padded, Studded Leather	 0
Brigadine, Ring Mail, Hide		-1
Chain Mail, Scale Mail			-2
Plate Armor				-3

The highest initiative acts first. If a character has multiple
attacks, these take place in Initiative/2, Initiative/4, Initiative/8
etc.  Note that some monsters have modifiers that PCs usually don't
have (DM's discretion).


Secondary weapon initiative

Secondary weapons are not calculated as normal multiple attacks when
it comes to initiative. This is because the character need not recover
his first strike before he can attack with his secondary weapon.
Instead, the second weapon comes in Initiative, minus twice the weapon
speed, plus reaction adjustment.  In no case can the secondary weapon
come sooned than two segments after the primary weapon. It will always
come at least two segments before any second attack with primary
weapon.


3.2 Specialization (melee)

Characters may choose to specialisein weapons, specialization reflects
the characters interest in that weapon as well as mirroring a certain
talent in using it.

There are different effects when concidering the effects of weapon
specialisation, the difference lies in the speed of the weapon, this
is given in table 3.2.

Table 3.2: Effects of specialization
Grade		Fast weapon	Slow weapon
Expertise	+1 to-hit	+1 to-hit
Specialisation	+1/2 att	+D dam
Mastery		+2 to-hit	+2 to-hit
High Mastery	+1/2 att	+D dam
Grand Mastery	+1/2 att	+D dam

Fast weapons are those with a base speed of 5 or less, slow weapons
are those with weapon speed of 7 or more. If a weapon has speed 6, the
character chooses at the time of expertise what column to use, and
this may never change.

The effects are as follows: to-hit means bonus on the to-hit roll, att
means extra attack, dam means extra damage. +D dam means that the
extra damage depends on the base damae of the weapon. This damage is
given in table 3.3.  The differing grades of specialization may be
acheived at different levels and at different costs for
the various classes, this is given in table 3.4. Warriors are
paladins, rangers, and 50%+ multi-class warriors.

Table 3.3: Extra damage by weapon

Max wp-damage	Extra damage
up to 10	+1d4
11-15		+1d6
16-20		+1d8
21+		+1d10

A character cannot acheive the higher grades of weapon proficiency
without first passing through the lower grades first. At least one
experience level must be spent on each grade.

Table 3.4: Cost of specialization

			Min. lvl / CP cost
Grade		  Fighter	  Warrior 	Priest
Expertise         1st / 2         1st / 2         2nd / 3
Specialisation    2nd / 3         3rd / 4         5th / 6
Mastery           6th / 4         8th / 6         10th / 9
High Mastery      10th / 6        14th / 10       NA
Grand Mastery     15th / 10       NA              NA

		  Rouge		  Wizard
Expertise         2nd / 3         4th / 3
Specialisation    6th / 8         7th /10
Mastery           11th / 12       NA

NA: Not available.

Characters using the Weapon Master kit may achieve the grade one level
earlier than other members of their class. Thus, fighter Weapon
Masters may become specialists at 1st level, for a total cost of 7
character points including the cost for proficiency.

Example: Gruld the Barbarian chooses to aquire specialisation in
bastard sword at 3rd level. To get full benefit, he chooses damage
bonus (usable both while using the sword one-handed and two-handed).
He has 1 attack per round, doing 2d4+1d4 against Small and Medium
creatures, and 2d8+1d8 against Large or bigger creatures when using
the sword twohanded, and 1d8+1d4/1d12+1d6 when using the sword
one-handed. If he chose better attacks/round, he would get no bonuses
when using the sword twohanded. Ramires the Swashbuckler specializes
in rapier.  He does 1d6+1/1d8+1 hp in damage as usual, but attacks
3/2.

As can be seen, a rapier-specialist and bastard sword specialist each
averages out at about the same amount of damage per round against
Small and Medium (rapier: 6.75 hp; bastard sword: 7.5 hp), the
rapier-specialist having the advantage of more attacks, but against
Large (or bigger) creatures the bastard sword specialist is better off
(rapier: 8.25 hp; bastard sword: 13.5 hp). (These calculations assume
that the bastard sword is used two-handed.)


3.3 Specialization (bows)

The bonuses for thrown weapons and crossbows are as presented in the
Player's Handbook.  Rangers and 85+% fighters can specialize in bows
at 3rd level or above, this requires 5 character points in addition to
the cost for normal proficiency. The bonuses gained are as follows:

* +1 to hit at short range, +2 to hit at medium and long range
(cumulative with normal range modifiers)
* If he holds one shot, he fires one shot in the next round in
initiative 20.
* Can move up to 1/3 of his full movement and still fire two shots,
each without the attack bonuses
* Can move up to 2/3 of his full movement and still fire one shot, each
without the attack bonuses
* If he stands still, he can fire 1 shot at +2 to hit
* If he stands still, he can fire 3 shots, each at -3 to hit 

Upon reaching 7th level he gets the following additional bonuses:

* Base ROF is 3 shots per round
* Can move up to 1/4 of his full movement and still fire three shots,
each without the attack bonuses
* Can move up to 1/2 of his full movement and still fire two shots,
each without the attack bonuses
* Can move up to 3/4 of his full movement and still fire one shot
without the attack bonuses
* If he stands still, he can fire 1 shot at +3 to
hit
* If he stands still, he can fire 2 shots, each at +1 to hit
* If he stands still, he can fire 4 shots, each at -3 to hit

A fighter specilaized in the bow cannot reach higher grades than
Mastery in any melee weapon.  At 9th level or above a single-classed
fighter or ranger can devote 6 additional character points and get +2
to hit at all ranges.

-13-

In addition, rouges using relevant kits (DM's discretion) may devote 3
character points to get a +1 to-hit as the DM sees fit.


3.4 The four fighting styles

There are four different styles of melee fighting, as presented
below. Only warriors are able to use all these, priests can use the
single-weapon, two-hander and weapon-and-shield styles, rogues can use
singleweapon, two-hander and two-weapon style, and magicians can only
use the two-hander and singleweapon styles.

Note that no character can learn other fighting styles than they start
with.


Specializing in the styles

Specializing in the styles are possible. Warriors can specialize in
one fighting style at first level, while the priest and the rogue can
specialise at 2nd level.  Wizards cannot specialize in the fighting
styles, and only warriors can specialize in more than one style.
Specializing in a fighting style costs one weapon proficiency
slot. The character points for a weapon slot is given in Skills &
Powers.


Single-weapon Style [all classes]

This style is most popular among "civilized" fighters, the
swashbuckler uses this style extensively. Specializing in this style
requires a dexterity of 13 or more, and it grants a +1 AC bonus.

Double-specializing is also possible, at 3rd level (or later) a
warrior (and only a warrior) can devote a 3rd slot to get a +2 AC
bonus and a -1 initiative bonus. Double-specialization require a
dexterity score of 15 or higher.

Elven bladesong: The elven bladesong is a special form of
single-weapon style that only the most talented of elven fighters
learn. To reflect this, only elven warriors with a 15 or more in
dexterity and 13 or more in strength can specialize in this manner.

Learning this style requires intensive training over a period of
several decades, and the elves will never teach it to any non-elf. It
requires 2 weapon slots just to be proficient, and after some
experience (i.e. a new weapon slot) and more training a 3rd slot may
be added. It is not possible to devote 3 slots to this style at 1st
level.

No further style specialization is possible within this style, and it
is not possible to combine this style with any other style
specialization (including ordinary single-weapon style
specialization). Bladesinging is only possible when fighting with a
one-handed weapon, without using the other hand for either shield or a
secondary weapon.

While bladesinging, the elf can on any round of combat choose one of
the following bonuses:
	 +1 to hit, +2 if 3 slots are devoted, or
	 +1 to AC, +2 if 3 slots are devoted, or
	 the fighter may get one block attack against
	one front or flank attack without wasting any
	of his ordinary attacks. This option is only
	available after 3 slots have been devoted to
	this style. 
Additionally, after 3 slots the elf also gets a +1 initiative bonus
while using the style.


Two-hander Style [all classes]

The two-handed style allows the character to use both hands on a
weapon. Specializing in this style requires a strength score of at
least 13.  The advantage of specializing in this style is that when
fighting with a weapon designed for two-handed use, the character gets
a +3 initiative bonus. In addition, when fighting with any weapon
two-handed, he gets a +1 on his damage rolls.


Weapon-and-shield Style [warriors and priest]

This style allows a character to get the AC-bonus of a shield. He may
also perform a block-maneuver (see Section 3.6) with his shield,
having -2 to hit with his weapon and -4 on his block maneuver.
Performing a block-maneuver is only possible with a medium shield or
smaller, unless the character is exceptionally strong. A strength
score of 16 allows for a large shield to be used like this, and a
score of 18 allows the use of a body shield for this use.  Note that a
character performing a block-maneuver looses all his shield-bonus on
AC for the entire round.

Devoting one slot to weapon-and-shield style, allows the character to
be an expert of shield use. If he decides to block with the shield, he
has two options.  He may either perform one block maneuver with no
penalty to the attack roll and -2 on the blocking, or perform two with
a -2 penalty on the attack roll and -4 on the block.  These penalties
are modified by reaction adjustment for high dexterity.

Devoting a 2nd slot (only available to warriors) allows the character
either to have one shield block with no penalties, or 2 block
maneuvers with 0/-2

-14-

to hit. 3 block-maneuvers are not possible without
a Haste-spell or similar magic.

As this fighting style are quite strenuous, a constitution score of at
least 13 are needed to specialize in this style, and a 15 is needed to
double-specialize.

Two-weapon Style [warriors and rogues]

Fighting with two weapons is a tactic many warriors favor. In order to
specialize in this style, a dexterity of at least 13 is needed.

Specializing in this style drops the penalties for fighting with two
weapons to 0/-2. Double-specialization is not available.

In order to get strength bonus on his off-hand weapon, a character
must either be a ranger (in light armor) or a speclialist in the
fighting style.  The strength bonus available for a given character is
presented in table 3.5.

Table 3.5: Off-hand strength

Dexterity	Off-hand strength bonus
13		5 classes lower
14		4 classes lower
15		3 classes lower
16		2 classes lower
17		1 class lower
18+		as primary weapon


3.5 Optional: Disarming

This system is based on the principle that it's harder
to disarm an opponent when he's a better fighting
man than you, and is not based on what armor type
he's wearing. DAC is an abbrivaion for "Disarm
Armor Class".

In order to disarm an opponent, the attacker must make a successful
attack vs. the defenders DAC. This is equal to his baseTHAC0, with the
following modifications:

 the disarm-factor (DF)
 any bonuses/penalties for to-hit from strength
 any bonuses/penalties for to-hit from specialization or
non-proficiency
 defense adjustment (from dexterity)
 AC-bonus from style specialization
 any magical AC-bonus (any + on armor and rings etc., but not shield,
Bracers of Defence, Armor-spell etc.)
 -1 if weapon has a basket hilt
 -6 if uses two-handed weapon

The DF is decided like this: Joe Average is fighting his cousin Bill
Average.  They both have average ability scores (8-12). Joe decides to
disarm Bill. They are both 1st level fighters using long swords, in
which they are proficient.  The question is: What number does Joe need
to roll to disarm Bill? This number is the \disarmfactor".  A
suggested number for DF is 15.

Note that a disarm attempt causes no damage, regardless of whether it
is successful or not, as the blow is directed against the weapon and
not the man behind it.

A disarm must be declared in advance, before initiative is rolled, and
it imposes a +1 modifier on initiative.


3.6 Optional: Blocking

The normal parry-rules as described in the Player's Handbook still
applies (lowering AC). In addition, a character may now opt to block
specific attacks directed against him (or others, as the DM's
option).In order to do so, he must make a successful
block-maneuver. This is calculated as follows: First, the attacker
rolls, using his THAC0 with all normal modifiers. The defender rolls
his block attack, using his BAC0 (Blocking Armor Class 0)

The BAC0 is calculated from the defender's baseTHAC0,
using the following modifications:

 any bonuses/penalties for to-hit from strength
 any bonuses/penalties for to-hit from specialization or
non-proficiency
 reaction adjustment based on dexterity (not the defense adjustment)
 AC-bonus from style specialization

Additionally, shields are at +2 on this maneuver, as well as having
their magical bonus counted for.  Blocking in this manner means
sacrificing an attack per block-maneuver. Note that various fighting
style specialization can modify this, as well as custom-designed
weapons.

Example: Timok, the 10th level fighter, is attacked by an unwitting
orc, wielding a long sword.  Timok decides to play a little with the
orc and block an attack. The orc swings his sword, rolls an 18 and
hits AC 2.

Timok rolls a 3 on his block-maneuver. He's a
10th level fighter, base-THAC0 11, has 18 strength
(+2 to hit), being a Master gives him +3 to hit and
a dexterity of 16 gives +1 reaction adjustment. His
block-maneuver is decided like this:

-15-

11 -(3 +2 +3 +1) = AC 1

Timok blocks easily, then kills the orc with a flick of his sword.


3.7 Knocking out characters

It is often desirable to knock a person out. One way
is to fight him with bare hands, another (and more
subtle) way is to strike him from behind and try to
sap him.

In order to do so, the attacker must either have
surprised the victim or have moved silently successfully.
(Note: If the Move Silently roll was unsuccessful,
the victim may still be surprised.) Additionally,
a successful attack roll must be made. The attacker
must also use a weapon that is not designed to kill,
such as a baton or fists.

The percentage chance of knocking out an opponent, is 15% (may vary
with weapon), plus 5% per slot of relevant
specialization. Additionally, each point of damage caused by the
attack is +5%, thieves multiply this bonus with their backstab
multiplier.  The victim may also modify the chance, it is modified -5%
per point of hp-bonus from constitution, and -5% per slot of punching
specialization and/or martial arts specialization.


3.8 Optional: Critical hits and misses

The rulings for critical hits and misses are as follows: Whenever a
natural 20 is rolled, the die is rolled again and added to the
result. The hit margin represents how well the hit was. For each AC
hit better than needed, 1% of the damage (rounded down) is physical
damage (see Chapter 2). Also, for each 10 margin the damage is doubled
(AC 11-20 better than needed: double damage; AC 21-30 better than
needed: triple damage; and so on).

Thus, if a character critically hit AC-32 agains a character in plate
mail (AC 3), that is a hit margin of 35. Damage is quadrupled, and 35%
of the damage is physical. If an 8 was rolled for damabe, that is 8 4
= 32, of that is 32 0:35 11 points of physical damage.

Whenever a natural 1 is rolled, the die is rolled again (if a 20 is
rolled here, the die is rolled again and so forth), and the result is
added to the character's modified THAC0. The exact details are up to
the DM.

-16-

--------------------------------------------------------------------

Chapter 4: Magic

"A wizard cannot do everything; a fact most magicians are reticent to
admit, let alone discuss with prospective clients. Still, the fact
remains that there are certain objects, and people, that are, for one
reason or another, completely immune to any direct magical spell. It
is for this group of beings that the magician learns the subtleties of
using indirect spells. It also does no harm, in dealing with these
matters, to carry a large club near your person at all times."
				(The Teachings of Ebenezum, Volume VIII)

4.1 Magicians

The requirements for being a magician (of any kind) is an intelligence
score of 12 or more. Specialists must still meet the other
requirements as given in the Player's Handbook.


Magicians of the Lesser Path

Those magicians that are self-taught (and survived) or taught by an
incompetent master, are referred to as Magicians of the Lesser
Path. These have the level progression, hit dice, THAC0 and spell
progression as given for Bards in the Player's Handbook, but weapons
allowed and saves are as a wizard.  Magicians of the Lesser Path can
be specialist wizards if they meet the requirements.

In the character creation process, Magicians of the Lesser Path start
with the same amount of character points as do other wizards, and
create their class the same way.


Magicians of the Greater Path

Those magicians that have received proper training
have the full spellcasting powers of wizard. These
are referred to both as Magicians of the Greater
Path or, more shortly, Wizards.

Because of what the flows of magic claims of and gives these wizards,
they have only four-sided hit dice, and THAC0 and saves as given for
wizards in the Player's Handbook. Magicians of the Greater Path may
not combine with any other class.


The Power of the Staff

The staff of a magician is not a normal staff, it is enchanted by the
wizard to have this channeling ability. To enchant a staff, a magician
must be in a place of high magical flux and chant over the staff for
one day per spell level the magician wants the staff to channel.

Casting a spell without the support of a staff is difficult, the
magician must make a saving throw vs.  Death Magic with a penalty
equal to the spell level in order to get the spell off. If the
magician does not make this save, the spell fails and he is unable to
cast spells for 1d2 rounds. Additionally, the staff must make a save
vs. Magical Fire (as Wood, thin) with a -1 penalty per additional
spell level or be destroyed.

As the magician rises in levels his personal flow of magical energy
increases, and he is able to cast lower-level spells without his
staff. He can cast spells without his staff that is 2 levels lower
than his maximum spell level, a 5th level wizard can cast 1st level
spells without the use of a staff.  Normally, a Magician of the
Greater Path starts out with a staff capable of channeling 3 spell
levels, a Magician of the Lesser Path starts with a staff capable of
handling 2 spell levels. When a magician finds that his staff no
longer suffice, he will have to enchant his staff further.

A staff need not be a wooden quarterstaff (although this is the most
common), other items have also been known to work (which items that
are acceptable are up to the DM to decide).


4.2 Priests

A holy symbol is the connection between a priest and his deity. Just
as a wizard cannot re-memorize spells without his spellbook, a priest
cannot change his spell-selection without his holy symbol.
Furthermore, he does not regain spellpoints unless he has his holy
symbol near his body, and must pray to his deity at certain times of
the day (unless he has a very good reason not to).


4.3 Spellcasting

Magic is difficult to learn and master. Therefor,
any spellcaster's spell-selection is limited by his intelligence,
as presented in the Player's Handbook.

Priests, paladins and rangers need not roll to learn
their spells as wizards do, and is able to learn four
spells more per spell level than indicated.
Furthermore, only those of high wisdom is able
to cast spells with no failure, the chance of spell
failure for all spellcasters (not only priests) are given
in the Player's Handbook.

A spellcaster may have as many spells memorized
at a given time as indicated in table 4.1.

Table 4.1: Number of spells memorized

       Magician of the
Lvl    Greater  Lesser  Priest  Ranger Paladin
        Path    Path
1        5       1(*)	 5       -       - 
2        7       3       7       -       - 
3        8       4       8       -       - 
4        9       5       10      -       - 
5        11      6       12      -       - 
6        16      8       15      -       - 
7        19      9       18      -       - 
8        23      10      21      4       - 
9        26      11      22      5       4 
10       29      12      24      6       5 
11       31      13      27      7       6 
12       35      14      30      8       7 
13       38      16      33      9       9 
14       42      18      34      10      10
15       44      20      36      11      10
16       47      21      38      11      11
17       50      23      40      11      12
18       52      25      43      11      13
19       55      27      46      11      14
20       58      29      50      11      15
(*): can only cast Cantrip

As a spellcaster casts his spell, he releases some of his acquired
magical energy. A spellcaster has the ability to channel spell levels
as given on the various tables in the Player's Handbook (a 1st level
priest may cast one 1st level spell, and so on). In addition to this,
priests and Greater Magicians receive bonuses for high wisdom, as
presented in table 4.2. These spell level are cumulative.

Table 4.2: Bonus spell points

Wisdom	Bonus spells
13	1st
14	1st
15	2nd
16	2nd
17	3rd
18	4th
19	1st, 3rd
20	2nd, 4th
21	3rd, 5th
22	4th, 5th
23	4th, 5th
24	5th, 6th
25	6th, 7th

Basically, a caster can still only cast as many spells as given in the
Player's Handbook, but he may memorize a few more. Note that a spell
does not vanish when cast, but stays in the memory of the
caster. Specialist wizards may both memorize and cast one extra spell
per spell level, as in the Player's Handbook.

If a caster already has used all his low-level spells for the day, he
may use one of the higher-level slots to cast a lower-level spell, the
extra energy is then lost without side-effect.

Any change in a caster's spell selection requires 1 hour of
uninterrupted studying or praying per spell level.

Example: Azrim, a 6th level wizard with both intelligence score and
wisdom score of 14, may memorize 16 spells, divided between his three
spell levels as desired (5/5/4, 10/2/2, 6/7/1, etc...). However,
including the bonuses, he may only channel six 1st, two 2nd and two
3rd level spells. If he desires, he may cast ten 1st level spells by
sacrificing his 2nd and 3rd level energy (ten Magic Missiles, if
that's required).


Spellpoint recovery

After a night's sleep, spellcasters have (hopefully) regained their
energy. But what happens if the wizard/priest cannot get the required
8 hours of sleep?  Table 4.3 indicates the chance that a spellcaster

-18-

has regained his spells at a given spell level. Check the lower levels
first, as failure on one roll will give penalties on the next.

Table 4.3: Chance of spell recovery
Hrs sleep	Chance
1		4%
2		15%
3		27%
4		40%
5		54%
6		69%
7		85%
8		100%

Several shorter periods are cumulative. If the caster is wakened after
4 hours, then fails to regain a certain spell level's energy, he can
sleep for another 6 hours and have a 40+69=109% chance. Sleeping for
more than 10 hours is possible, but has no effect on recovery. It is
not possible to regain energy used during the night this way.

The penalty for a failed roll is presented in table 4.4. If more than
one roll is failed, the penalties are added.

Table 4.4: Penalty for recover failure
Spell level failed	Penalty
1st			10%
2nd			20%
3rd			30%
4th			40%
5th			50%
6th			60%
7th			70%
8th			80%

Example: Azrim is awaken in the middle of the
night. After only 4 hours of sleep, he is not sure to
have all his energy back. He rolls 37, 87 and 09 on
the d100 to check for recovery. The 1st level energy
is back (40% chance), but not the 2nd level. This
gives him -30% to check on 3rd level, and barely
manages it. He may now cast his 1st and 3rd level
spells with no difficulty, and also his 2nd level spells
(by sacrificing 3rd level). Remember, he still has all
of his spells memorized.


Staff-Strike

A wizard (a Magician of the Greater Path), when in dire peril, have
the option to perform a Staff-Strike.  To do so, he must successfully
strike an attack roll vs. AC 10 (dexterity, Ring of Protection and
pluses on magical armor are still accounted for, normal armor, Bracers
of Defense and Armor-spells are not) with his staff. If successful,
the wizard causes 2d8 hp of damage per spell-level he wishes to use,
with no save applicable. This damage is pure magical energy, and no
creatures are yet known that are immune.  Magic Resistance still
apply, though.

The levels blasted is normally taken from a spell level of the same
number, if the wizard exceeds his limit the levels are drained from
two (or more) suitable pools.

However, a Staff-Strike is exceedingly dangerous.  First, if the staff
is not built for spell levels high enough, it must save
vs. Disintegration (as Wood, thin) or be destroyed.

Secondary, the wizard must make a save vs. Death Magic as follows:

* a modifier equal to the difference in spell levels used and the
maximum spell level the wizard can cast is applied to the save. (A 7th
level wizard striking 3 spell points would get a +1 bonus, a 3rd level
wizard doing the same would get a -1 penalty.)
* a failed save will require a system shock roll.  If the system shock
fails, the wizard dies. The penalty to this system shock is -5% per
point the save above was missed by.  If the roll is successful, the
wizard will fall into a coma lasting 1 week per spell point used in
the strike. A Restoration or Resurrection spell allows the wizard to
wake up, fully conscious and at full spellpoints (a Heal is not
enough).
* if the save is successful, the wizard looses 3 hit points per spell
level as well as all spellcasting ability for two days per spell level
used in the strike. The damage can be cured normally, a Heal or
Restoration spell will allow him to cast spells again before the above
mentioned time has elapsed (he needs to memorize his spells again if
his hit point total was below 0). He cannot use scrolls, but he can
still use magic items.  

A Staff-Strike costs twice the number fp as normal.

Example: Alafar, a 7th level mage with 24 hp is fighting a
mindflayer. He is wounded to 11 hp, and has several spell levels
left. He decides to risk himself and his staff in a Staff-Strike.  He
hits the mindflayer and blasts 5 spell-levels, doing 49 hp of
damage. The mindflayer, as well as

-19-

the staff, is annihilated, only the ashes remain. Alafar
succeeds his save, but the backlash energy strikes
him like a whip and sends him down to -4 hp. He
passes out, but if his comrades can rescue him out
he'll probably live.


Loss of spells

If a spellcaster is wounded to 0 hit points or below, there is a
chance that he will loose his spells. To check for this, a saving
throw vs. Death Magic is rolled for each spell, failure indicating the
spell is forgotten and must be rememorized (not relearned, the
spellcaster still knows the spell). This is checked when the character
reawakens. A -1 penalty per negative hit point is applied to the save.

Example: Alafar, after besting the mindflayer, is stailized at -4 hit
points. After a time he awakens, and his spells are checked for - a
save vs. Death Magic at -4 for each spell. The spells for which the
check fails needs to be rememorized - not relearned.


4.4 Optional: Casting check

With this rule, wizards are not guaranteed automatic success when
casting a spell. A wizard's casting check is decided by following
these steps: 

1. Base chance is [Intelligence/2 + 6 ], this reflects the wizard's
understanding of his spells

2. Add [ level of wizard ] for the wizard's insight
in magic

3. Subtract 2*[ level of spell ] for the difficulty
of the spell

4. Subtract [ % Spell failure/5 ] for lack of psychic strength (due
to low wisdom and/or physical damage).

A spell is successfully cast if the wizard rolls
equal to or below the number needed.

-20-

--------------------------------------------------------------------

Chapter 5: Misc. Rulings


5.1 Multi-classed characters

How to combine?

Many times, players and DMs alike wants a fighter with some minor
spellcasting- or thieving abilities, or a wizard with some better
fighting abilities, but feel that the rules about multi-classing is
too strict.  To fix this, the following rules have been set up for
multi-classing:

A character can divide his experience over a maximum of 3 classes. A
class must have at least 10% attention. Additionally, it must either
receive a percentage that is divide-able by five, or 1/3 or 2/3 of the
experience.

To go multi-class, a character needs 16 in the prime requisite(s) of
the class he devotes 55% (or more) to, as well as 15 in the prime
requisite(s) of the other class(es). If no class have more than 50%,
no stat of 16 is needed.

Hit points gained when a character goes up in level in a class is
equal to the die roll, plus modifications, multiplied with the same
factor as the experience. Fractions below 0.75 are rounded down, while
0.75 and up are rounded up. If more than one class rises in level at
the same time, the hit points are added before rounding.

Dual-classing can be made normally. Multi-classing specialist wizards
is still only possible for gnome illusionists.

Example: Joe wants his character, Herve, to be a fighter with some
thieving and spellcasting abilities.  When his character is created,
he chooses to devote 75% to his fighter part, 15% to his thieving part
and 10% on his mage part. When he reaches 2nd level as a fighter, he
rolls 1d10, adds his constitution bonus (if any), multiplies with 0.75
and rounds off as appropriate. The same goes for thief and mage,
respectively.

Possible combinations:

Dwarf: Fighter/ Thief; Fighter/ Priest; Thief/ Priest;

Elf: Fighter/ Mage; Fighter/ Thief; Thief/ Mage; Fighter/ Thief/ Mage

Gnome: Fighter/ Priest; Fighter/ Illusionist; Fighter/ Thief; Priest/
Thief; Illusionist/ Thief

Halfling: Fighter/ Thief; Priest/ Thief

Human: Fighter/ Thief; Fighter/ Priest; Fighter/ Mage; Thief/ Mage;
Fighter/ Mage/ Thief

Orc: Fighter/ Thief; Fighter/ Priest; Priest/ Thief

NOTE:
* A priest-class combination is only possible with logical
combinations, see under the various priesthoods for guidelines. Note
that not all priesthoods have wisdom as prime requisite.
* Greater Magicians cannot be multi- or dual classed. The options above
are for Lesser Magicians only.


5.2 Energy drain

Sometimes characters are exposed to energy drain from undead or evil
necromancers. The character does not loose experience and skills, but
looses hit points and saves as a character one (or more) level(s)
lower. Multi-classed characters loose hit points from all their
classes, this is calculated normally.

As long as one class is at positive levels, the character is alive and
may regain most of the lost energy. If a Restoration-spell is cast
within the time limit, the character is restored to his previous
state.

The life energy is regained at the rate of one level per four weeks of
game time. At this time the character regains hit points. The hit
points are rolled and calculated just as when the character were
drained, except that he also subtracts one from the calculated
amount. In no case can a character regain less than one hit point.

If a character gains a new level while under the effect of energy
drain, hit points are rolled normally and the new total is based on
his current maximum.

Example: Herve is now a 6th/4th/2nd level character. He was hit by a
wright and drained one life level. rolls 6, 3 and 3 on his dice,
loosing 6*0.75 + 3*0.15 + 3*0.10 = 5.25 = 5 hp, and saves as a
5th/3rd/1st level character. After one month he regains his life
energy, and rolling 7, 1 and 4 respectively for hit points, he regains
7*0.75 + 1*0.15 + 4*0.10 - 1 = 4.8 = 5 hp, and thus is lucky and
looses nothing.


5.3 Optional: Movement

A character's movement is not decided per race, but
per the character's height, as presented in table 5.1.
Table 5.1: Movement rates
Height (inches)	Height (cm)	Base move
76+		193+		13
71-75		180-192		12
66-70		168-179		11
61-75		155-167		10
56-60		142-154		9
51-55		130-141		8
46-50		117-129		7
41-45		104-116		6
up to 40	up to 103	5

Additionally, a character can carry more than
his weight allowance at cost of movement rate, as
presented below in table 5.2. For each class of encumbrance,
the character suffers penalties as of he
were physically damaged.

Table 5.2: Movement with Encumbrance
Wt all			Base move
multiplied by	  13   12   11   10     9     8     7     6     5 
1.2               12   11   10    9     8     7     6.5   5.5   4.5
1.4               11   10   9     8     7.5   6.5   5.5   5     4 
1.6               10    9   8     7.5   6.5   6     5     4.5   3.5
1.8               8.5   8   7     6.5   6     5.5   4.5   4     3
2.0               7.5   7   6.5   5.5   5.5   4.5   4     3.5   3
2.2               6.5   6   5.5   5     4.5   4     3.5   3     2.5
2.4               5.5   5   4.5   4     3.5   3.5   3     2.5   2
2.6               4     4   3.5   3     3     2.5   2.5   2     1.5
2.8               3     3   3     2.5   2.5   2     1.5   1.5   1
2.9               2     2   2     1.5   1.5   1     1     1     1
3.0               1     1   1     1     1     0.5   0.5   0.5   0.5


-22-

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Appendix A: Strength table

Score   To-hit Damage  Weight Allow.(**)   Op. Door (d20)  BB/LG (d100)

1		-3   -4         1%		                       
2		-2   -4         3%		 1                      
3		-2   -3         6%		 2              
4		-1   -3         8%		 3              
5		-1   -2         10%		 4              
6		-1   -1         12.5%		 5              
7		     -1         15%		 6             1
8		                17.5%		 7             3
9				20%		 7             5
10				22.5%		 7             6
11				25%		 8             7
12				30%		 8             8
13				40%		 9             13
14 (*)		     +1         50%		10             15 
15 (*)		+1   +1         65%		11             20 
16 (*)		+1   +2         70%		12             25 
17 (*)		+1   +3         80%		13             30 
18 (*)		+2   +3		85%		14             35 
18.1-18.5 (@)   +2   +3		90%		15             40
18.6-18.9 (@)   +2   +4		90%		15             45
18.10 (@)       +2   +5		90%		16        45 

(*): If a rogue has a 14 to 18 strength, he uses combat values 1
category lower (example: 18 !  17), a wizard use 2 categories lower
(example: 18 ! 16). Multi-class use the best category allowed to them,
dual-class use the one they started with. It is possible for these
classes to use weapon-slots in order to fight in a better category;
one slot will reduce the penalty by 1 category. The weapon-slots
gained at 1st level cannot be used for this purpose, though.

(**): This indicates what percentage of the average weight for the
character's race and sex the character can carry without being
penalized.

Example: A male dwarf with 16 strength have a Weight Allowance of
106.4 lbs, while a female halfling with 16 strength have a Weight
Allowance of 42.35 lbs. 

Max. Press is equal to Weight Allowance*pi, but it is not possible to
walk with more encumbrance than Weight Allowance*3.

(@): Warriors with a strength score of 18 note their
level behind the score. A 6th level fighter with
18 strength uses the 18.6-line, and has +2/+4.
At 10th level the maximum is reached, it's not
possible to get stronger without magical aid.

-23-

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Appendix B: Level advancement tables


Table B.1: Most classes
	Rogue	Fighter	Ranger	Paladin
Level		XP*1000
1	0	0	0	0
2	1.25	2	2.25	2.25
3	2.5	4	4.5	4.5
4	5	8	9	10
5	10	16	18	20
6	20	32	36	40
7	40	64	72	80
8	70	125	150	150
9	130	250	290	310	
10	220	450	500	520
11	330	625	700	750
12	440	800	925	950
13	650	975	1125	1175
14	850	1150	1325	1375
15	1050	1325	1525	1625
16	1250	1500	1725	1825
17	1425	1675	1900	2025
18	1600	1850	2075	2225
19	1775	2025	2200	2425
20	1950	2200	2375	2625


Table B.2: Wizard
Int.:	12-13	14-15	16-17	18
Level		XP *1000
1	0.0	-	-	-
2	2.5	-	-	-
3	5	-	-	-
4	10	-	-	-
5	20	-	-	-
6	40	-	-	-
7	70	-	-	-
8	130	-	-	-
9	250	-	-	-
10	400	-	-	-
11	550	-	-	-
12	725	-	-	-
13	900	-	-	-
14	1075	1125	-	-
15	1250	1350	-	-
16	1425	1575	1625	-
17	1600	1800	1900	-
18	1775	2025	2175	2250
19	1950	2250	2450	2600
20	2125	2475	2725	2950


Table B.3: Priest
Wisdom:	9-15	16-17	18
Level	    XP*1000
1	0.0	-	-
2	1.5	-	-
3	3	-	-
4	6	-	-
5	12	-	-
6	24	-	-
7	48	-	-
8	90	-	-
9	160	-	-
10	300	-	-
11	470	490	-
12	640	680	-
13	810	870	-
14	980	1060	1135
15	1150	1250	1345
16	1320	1440	1555
17	1490	1630	1765
18	1660	1820	1975
19	1830	2010	2185
20	2000	2200	2395

Note that the wisdom requirement for 6th level
priest spells is changed from 17 to 16.

-24-
-------------------------------------------------------------------

Appendix C: Racial tables


Table C.1: Level limits
Race             Fighter Ranger  Paladin Wizard  Priest  Thief

Dwarves               
     Coast        16      9       -       -       10      12    
     Mountain     16      9       10      -       13      12    
Elves                 
     High         12      12      -       16      -       12    
     Wood         13      16      -       12      -       12    
Gnomes                
     Rock         12      9       -       15(*)  10      13    
     Forest       9       15      -       13(*)  16      12    
Halflings             
     Hairfoot     9       13      -       -       11      18    
     Stout        11      11      10      -       9       16    
Human             U       U       U       U       U       U     
Orc               16      13      9       -       12      13 

(*): Illusionist only



Table C.2: Increased level limits
Prime Requisite	Level Increase
14, 15		+1	
16, 17		+2
18		+3
19		+4
20		+5


Table C.3: Special save bonus
Con-score	Save bonus
4-6		+1
7-10		+2
11-13		+3
14-17		+4
18-20		+5


Table C.4: Ability score limits (min/max)
Race              Str     Dex     Con     Int     Wis     Cha
Dwarves               
     Coast        8/18    4/17    11/20   4/19    3/16    4/19  
     Mountain     8/18    4/17    11/20   4/19    4/19    3/17  
Elves                 
     High         4/18    6/20    5/17    8/19    4/19    8/19  
     Wood         7/18    6/20    7/19    8/19    4/19    3/16  
Gnomes                
     Rock         6/18    3/19    8/19    7/20    3/17    4/19  
     Forest       3/16    8/19    8/19    5/19    9/20    4/19  
Halflings             
     Hairfoot     3/17    8/20    10/19   6/19    4/19    7/19  
     Stout        5/17    8/19    10/20   6/19    4/19    5/19  
Human             4/18    4/19    4/19    4/19    4/19    4/19  
Orc               10/18   4/17    10/19   4/16    4/18    3/14  


Table C.5: Average height and weight
Race		 Base (*) Modifier        Base (*)      Modifier
Dwarf             43/41	  1d10            130/105         4d10
Elves     
~~~High           65/60   1d10            90/70           3d10
~~~Wood           52/46   1d10            90/70           3d10
Gnome             38/36   1d6             72/68           5d4
Halfling          32/30   2d8             52/48           5d4
Human             60/59   2d10            140/100         6d10
Orc               63/60   4d4             179/164         6d6

(*): The base numbers are divided into male/female values.


Table C.6: Age
Race		Starting age	  Maximum age
Dwarf             40 + 5d6        250+2d100
Elf               100 + 5d6       | 
Gnome             60 + 3d12       200 + 3d100
Halfling          20 + 3d4        90 + 2d20
Human             15 + 1d4        50 + 2d20
Orc               14 + 1d6        40 + 3d10

-26-

--------------------------------------------------------------------

Appendix D: Arms&Armor

D.1 Weapons

Table D.1a: Weapons

Weapon  		Damage    Speed    Cost    Weight (lbs.)   Size
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
Arrow, flight (hunting)	  1d6		  -	  12: 3sp  1: 1/12  S
Arrow, sheaf (war)	  1d8		  -	  12: 6sp  1: 1/10  S
Axe, battle		  1d10		  7	  5gp	  7	    M
~~~-used two-handed	  2d4/2d6	  9	 	 	  
Axe, hand		  1d6/1d4	  4	  1gp	  4	    S
Bow, long		  - 		  5	  60gp	  3	    L
Bow, long (composite)	  -		  4	  100gp	  3	    L
Bow, short		  -		  4	  30gp	  2	    M
Bow, short (composite)	  -		  3	  75gp	  2	    M
Club			  1d6/1d3	  4	  -	  3	    M
Crossbow, heavy	(+3)	  -		  10	  50gp	  14+4	    L
Crossbow, light	(+1)	  -		  7	  35gp	  7+3	    M
Crossbow bolt, heavy	  1d4+7/1d6+7	  -	  12: 24sp  1: 1/2  S
Crossbow bolt, light	  1d4+3		  -	  12: 12sp  1: 1/5  S
Dagger, soldier's	  1d4/1d3	  2	  2gp	  1	    S
Flail, footman's (2h)	  1d6+1/2d4	  7	  15gp	  15	    L
Flail, horseman's	  1d4+1/1d4	  5	  8gp	  5	    M
Hammer, war		  1d4+1/1d4	  4	  2gp	  6	    M
Hammer, battle (2h)	  2d6/2d4	  8	  5gp	  12	    L
Knife, workman's	  1d3/1d2	  2	  5sp	  1/2	    S
Lance, heavy horse	  1d8+1/3d6	  8	  15gp	  15	    L
Lance, light horse	  1d6/1d8	  6	  6gp	  5	    L
Lance, medium horse	  1d6+1/2d6	  7	  10gp	  10	    L
Lance, tournament	  1d3-1/1d2-1	  8	  10gp	  15	    L
Mace, footman's	(2h)	  1d6+1/1d6	  6	  8gp	  10	    L
Mace, horseman's	  1d6/1d4	  4	  5gp	  6	    S
Morning star		  2d4/1d6+1	  7	  10gp	  12	    M
Pick, military		  1d6+1/1d6	  4	  8gp	  6	    M
Polearm, awl pike (2h)	  1d8/2d6	  13	  5sp	  12	    L
Polearm, halberd (2h)	  1d10/2d6	  9	  10gp	  15	    L
Quarterstaff (2h)	  1d6		  4	  2cp	  4	    L
~~~~-unshod		  1d4		  4	  -	  4	    L
Sling			  1d4		  6	  1cp	  1/10	    S
Spear			  1d6/1d8	  6	  8sp	  5	    M
~~~~-used two-handed	  1d8+1/2d6	  7	  	  	  
Scimitar		  1d8		  5	  12gp	  4	    M
Sword, bastard		  1d8/1d12	  6	  25gp	  8	    M
~~~~-used two-handed	  2d4/2d8	  8	  	  	  
Sword, broad		  1d8+1		  5	  25gp	  4	    M
Sword, short		  1d6/1d8	  3	  10gp	  3	    S
Whip, oxen		  1d4-3		  6	  1sp	  2	   M


Table D.2: Armors

 Armor type    Cost    Weight	   AC
			(lbs.)	 (S/P/B)
Leather           5gp     15      8/10/8
Studded Leather   20gp    25      5/6/7
Ring Mail         35gp    30      5/5/6
Chain Mail        75gp    40      3/5/7
Banded Mail       200gp   35      2/4/3
Plate Mail        600gp   50      0/3/3


Notes on weapons

Axe, battle: Also known as broad axe, the battle axe is three to four
feet in length, with a heavy metal head. It is a weapon favored by
dwarves, and the dwarven axe sometimes has a spike head for use in
tight quarters (inflicts 1d3 points of damage) and a double head.  The
dwarven double-headed axe weighs 2 pounds more, has a speed factor one
point higher, and inflicts one point more of damage.

Bows: Note the reduced weapon speeds.

Crossbows: Light crossbows have +1 to-hit, heavy crossbows are +3
to-hit. This is noted in the table as (+1) and (+3), respectively.
The weight behind the slash is for the loading mechanism (windlass or
cranequin).

Sling: The sats listed are for sling stones. Sling bullets costs 1sp
per set of 12 and is +1 on damage.

Whip: When used outside combat, a whip inflicts only physical damage
(this is often used as punishment) - 20 lashes will (on the average)
inflict 5 points of physical damage. Due to the low damage and the
space required, the weapon is rarely used in combat.


D.2 Armor

Table D.2: Armors

Armor type        Cost    Weight(lbs)	AC (S/P/B)
Leather           5gp		15	8/10/8
Studded Leather   20gp		25	5/6/7
Ring Mail         35gp		30	5/5/6
Chain Mail        75gp		40	3/5/7
Banded Mail       200gp		35	2/4/3
Plate Mail        600gp		50	0/3/3

Leather Armor: This armor is made from leather hardened in boiling
oil, formed into breast plates and shoulder guards. The remainder of
the torso is covered by softer leather. It is the cheapest form of
armor, and is commonly only used by bandits who cannot afford better
armor.

Studded Leather: This armor is made up from leather reinforced with
metal rivets. It is used often by scouts, and sometimes on irregular
troops.

Ring Mail: This is the most common form of armor.  It is heavier and
more expensive than studded leather, but offers greater protection.
It is the armor of the common foot soldier.

Chain Mail: This armor is made of interlocking metal rings, and is
always worn with thick clothing or padding underneath. Although
uncomfortable to wear, it offers good protection and is very often
used by the professional soldier.

Banded Mail: This armor is made of overlapping strips of metal
covering the most vital areas, with chain mail and leather covering
the joints. It is more comfortable to wear than chain mail due to
better weight distribution through straps and buckles. The armor is
mainly used by veteran soldiers and elite troops, as well as light
cavalry.

Plate Mail: The armor is chain mail with solid metal plates covering
vital areas. Although heavy, the weight is evenly distributed through
the use of straps and buckles. This armor is only made by request of
the nobility, commoners are not allowed to use it without written
permission.

-28-

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Appendix E: Priesthood: Adona

Adona, also known as "The Lady of Light" is
said to be a being of the purest light. She is the
goddess of Good, Healing, Peace and the Sun.
She lives in the sun, where she can watch mankind
in all actions and her own priests spreading the word
of light among them.


Requirements

Adona desires her priests to be wise and charismatic,
thus a wisdom score of 13 and a charisma
score of 12 is required. Both wisdom and charisma
must be 16 or better in order to receive +10% experience
bonus. If desired, the priest may choose to be
a fighter/priest, thief/priest, or fighter/thief/priest
according to the rules for multi-classing.
Adona requires her priests to be of either Lawful
Good or Neutral Good alignment. She has no
preferred races, and does not differ between male or
female priests.


Organization

The structure of Adona's church is mainly built on a nation-wide
scale. Within one nation, the church is lead by a council of up to ten
high level priests (level 10+). The title of these vary from continent
to continent, from race to race, and include such titles as Prelate
(Bakorrah), Bishop (Simoriah), Vicar (Sandaria) and Lama
(Kelewan). The hierarchy down from this council is usually
well-ordered, not having a rigid structure allows for the priests
further down the line to act more freely.

Although the temples of Adona located in cities are impressive
buildings, most holy buildings are of much simpler design and located
in the countryside, often as a part of a lord's mansion or
castle. These monasteries form the backbone of Adona's faith, as they
serve as the common man's religious center.  The leader of such a
monastery is usually a priest of 3rd to 9th level, depending on the
size of the monastery.

In spite of the fact that Adona is very peaceloving, she is the only
deity that openly supports a class of holy warriors; the Paladins. The
Paladins themselves are not directly bound to the church and does not
have a clear organization of their own. Instead, they let their own
consciousness guide them in their struggle against chaos and evil in
the world.


Holy Symbol

The symbols of Adona always contains gem of some sort to reflect
light. Additionally, the symbol has at least one of the following
images: an Ankh, the sun, rays of light, or a staff.

The symbol need not be made by the priest, as long as the craftsman is
a true worshiper of Adona.  The process of construction and
sanctifying lasts from dawn to dawn. The craftsman starts his work at
dawn, when the first sun-rays of the day cast their blessing upon his
tools.

As the symbol is finished (before the sun sets), it is placed upon an
alter, which is located such that the first rays of the sun will shine
upon it when dawn comes. Four priests are required to sanctify the
symbol, one must be of 3rd level or above. The priest will chant from
sunset to dawn, and when the first rays of sunlight touches it at
dawn, the symbol is empowered with the spirit of Adona.


Holy Water

The holy water of Adona are taken from the sacred fountains found in
her temples. The fountain is always located in a place where the first
rays of dawn may bless it. The priest approaches the fountain, invokes
the blessing of Adona and casts Purify Food & Drink on the
fountain. He may then fill one vial of holy water.

This ritual may only be performed under the light of the sun. The
priest is expected to give a suitable offering to the temple (usually
25 gp per vial).

-29-

Duties

Adona requires of her priests to be chaste until properly wed. A
priest who is not, no matter for what reason, will lose some or all
powers until the deed has been atoned for.

In general, the priests of Adona are peaceful and peace-loving, and
should always work against wars of all types. If a war breaks out in
spite of their efforts, the priests will follow the armies to care for
the wounded. They do not differ between a highranking officer and the
common soldier.  Adona requires that her male priests shave their
heads on a regular basis. The priestesses may not cut their hair
unnecessary, and is to keep it braided whenever possible.


Attitude towards...

...other churches: The priests of Adona does not tolerate the evil
priesthoods, especially not demonworshipers.  There are both conflicts
and cooperation with the other generally good-aligned religions.  The
exact relationship within a given area mostly depends on the priests
involved.

...adventurers: The priesthood in general are not too happy with
adventurers, mainly due to the latter's violent predisposition and the
bloodshed that often follow in their footsteps. However, several of
the priests choose to take up the adventuring life in order to spread
the word of light.

...magicians: The attitude of the priests towards magicians vary
greatly from area to area and from priest to priest, and is mainly
built upon personal experience or the experience of the priest higher
in the hierarchy.


Weapons and armor

Being a peace-loving entity, Adona only allows her priest to use
bludgeoning weapons such as the staff or the mace. The staff is the
preferred weapon but it is not required.

However, as she also desires her priests to be as well defended as
possible, she imposes no armor restrictions on her priests, although
plate armor is generally disliked. Thus, the priests do not use it,
except in times of great peril (adventuring is generally not
considered to be times of great peril).


Granted powers

All priests of Adona are given the following powers
as they rise in level:

- they have the ability to Turn Undead. The turning table is given in
table 61, p. 103 of the PH.

- they always have +1 to-hit and damage when fighting creatures that
are inherently evil (such as undead and warlocks).

- +2 to all saves vs. poisons and diseases.

- at 10th level, they can summon a Holy Chariot of Light (described
below) when in great need. This summoning require one full turn of
prayer, as the priest describes his need and gives a suitable
offering.

Additionally, they receive 30 character points to spend on the
following abilities:

Detect Evil (10): Priests with this ability can see emanations of evil
from creatures or objects within a path 10 feet wide by 60 feet
long. It takes one round to scan a direction, and the priest cannot be
attempting other actions.

Detect Undead (10): Priests with this ability can detect all undead
within a path 10 feet wide by 60 feet long. It takes one round to scan
a direction, and the priest cannot be attempting other
actions. Priests cannot detect undead through stone or other thick
materials.

Expert Healer (5): This allows the character to cast one Cure Light
Wounds in addition to the number of spells the priest normally can
cast.

Followers (5/10): By purchasing this ability, the priest can gain
followers if he establishes a stronghold and is at least 8th level. If
this is purchased as a 10 point ability, the priest can attract
followers whenever he establishes a stronghold, regardless of
level. The DM has details on the various types of followers.

Identify (5): At 5th level, the priest will be able to identify what
disease or poison aicts a patient.

Soothing Word (10): At 7th level, the priests get the power of
uttering a Soothing Word. This may be used once per day, and can do
one of the following:
	- act as a Remove Fear upon all persons within 30 foot of the
priest 

-30-

	- remove the Berserker Rage from a fighter who has gone
berserk (save vs. spell to negate)
	- momentarily calm down 2 HD of monsters or persons per level
of the priest. The exact effects and limits are up to the DM


Holy Chariot of Light

This chariot is a manifestation of the chariot Adona herself uses to
travel over the world. It shines with a bright, holy light and is
pulled by two fiery horses. The chariot appears with a bright flash of
light that blinds everyone within 100'.

The vehicle moves at 24 on the ground, 48 flying, and can carry the
caster and up to seven other creatures of man sized or less (the
passengers must be touched by the caster to protect them from the
flames of the chariot).  Creatures other than the caster and his
designated passengers sustain 2d4 points of fire damage each round if
they come within five feet of the horses or chariot. The caster
controls the chariot by verbal command, causing the flaming steed to
stop or go, walk, trot, run or fly, and turn left or right as he
desires.  Note that the Holy Chariot of Light is a physical
manifestation and can sustain damage.  The vehicle and steeds are
struck only by magical weapons or by water (one quart of which
inflicts one point of damage), they are Armor Class 2, and each
requires 30 points of damage to dispel. Naturally, fire has absolutely
no effect on the vehicle or its steeds, but magical fires other than
those of the chariot can affect the riders. Other spells, such as a
successful Dispel Magic or Holy Word, will force the chariot back to
its home plane, without its passengers.


Spells

The priests of Adona may pray for the spells listed below. The spells
are described in the Player's Handbook ("PH"), the Tome of Magic
("TM") and on the following pages (no marking). Note that Cure spells
cast by priests of Adona have increased effect.

Level 1: Analyze Balance (TM), Beneficence, Bless (PH), Combine (PH),
Command (PH), Create Water (PH), Cure Light Wounds (1d8 +3) (PH),
Detect Evil (PH), Detect Magic (PH), Detect Poison (PH), Detect Snares
and Pits (PH), Endure Heat/Endure Cold (PH), Invisibility to Undead
(PH), Light (PH), Protection From Evil (PH), Purify Food & Drink (PH),
Remove Fear (PH), Ring of Hands (TM), Sacred Guardian (TM), Sanctuary
(PH), Shillelagh (PH), Speak With Astral Traveller (TM)

Level 2: Aid (PH), Augury (PH), Barkskin (PH), Calm Chaos (TM), Detect
Charm (PH), Enthrall (PH), Find Traps (PH), Fire Trap (PH), Heat Metal
(PH), Hold Person (PH), Know Alignment (PH), Music of the Spheres
(TM), Mystic Transfer (TM), Resist Fire (PH), Sanctify (TM), Silence,
15' Radius (PH), Slow Poison (PH), Stun Relief, Withdraw (PH), Wyvern
Watch (PH), Zone of Truth (TM)

Level 3: Accelerate Healing, Astral Window (TM), Create Food & Water
(PH), Continual Light (PH), Cure Blindness or Deafness (PH), Cure
Disease (PH), Dispel Magic (PH), Emotion Control (PH),
Extradimensional Detection (TM), Flame Walk (PH), Glyph of Warding
(PH), Line of Protection (TM), Locate Object (PH), Magical Vestment
(PH), Negative Plane Protection (PH), Peace, Protection From Fire
(PH), Pyrotechnics (PH), Remove Curse (PH), Remove Paralysis (PH),
Spread Healing, Starshine (PH), Water Walk (PH), Zone of Sweet Air
(TM)

Level 4: Abjure (PH), Blessed Warmth (TM), Cloak of Bravery (PH), Cure
Serious Wounds (4d8 +8) (PH), Defensive Harmony (TM), Detect Lie (PH),
Divination (PH), Focus (TM), Fortify (TM), Free Action (PH), Imbue
With Spell Ability (PH), Join With Astral Traveller (TM), Neutralize
Poison (PH), Protection From Evil, 10' Radius (PH), Protection From
Lightning (PH), Reflecting Pool (PH), Spell Immunity (PH), Tongues
(PH), Uplift (TM)

Level 5: Air Walk (PH), Atonement (PH), Blessed Abundance (TM), Cloud
of Purification (TM), Commune (PH), Consequence (PH), Cure Critical
Wounds (6d8 +8) (PH), Digit of Disruption, Dispel Evil (PH), Elemental
Forbiddance (TM), Impending Permission (TM), Karma, Magic Font (PH),
Meld (TM), Moonbeam (PH), Plane Shift (PH), Quest (PH), Rainbow (PH),
Thoughtwave (TM), True Seeing (TM), Unceasing Vigilance of the Holy
Sentinel (TM), Undead Ward (TM)

-31-

Level 6: Blade Barrier (PH), Bolt of Glory, Call Phoenix, Find the
Path (PH), Forbiddance (PH), The Great Circle (TM), Heal (PH), Land of
Stability (TM), Legal Thoughts (TM), Mass Cure, Protection from
Undead, Sol's Searing Orb (TM), Speak With Monsters (PH), Stone Tell
(PH), Word of Recall (PH)

Level 7: Astral Spell (PH), Confusion (PH), Gate (PH), Holy Word (PH),
Regenerate (PH), Restoration (PH), Resurrection (PH), Spirit of Power
(TM), Succor (PH), Sunray (PH), Symbol (PH), Wind Walk (PH)


Level 1

Beneficence
School: Evocation
Range: 0
Components: V
Duration: 5 rounds/level
Casting Time: 1
Area of Effect: 10' radius/level
Saving Throw: Special

The Beneficence spell surrounds the priest in an
aura of mystical harmony and wisdom. All who
see him recognize him as a holy man of virtue and
kindness and many are predisposed to treat him in
a friendly and respectful manner. The spell gives
the priest a bonus of +4 on encounter reaction rolls
with non-hostile creatures.

Creatures that view the priest with suspicion
gets a saving throw to negate the effect. Creatures
directly hostile to the priest has a +3 bonus to the
saving throw, and priests higher in level than the
caster are immune to the spell, and may recognize
the spell if they know of it. The spell does not
work on creatures who have no understanding of
the priest's position or role.

Beneficence does not deprive those affected of
their free will and does not cause them to instantly
follow the suggestions of the priest. Their reactions
are improved for everyday dealings, not for very unusual
events.


Level 2

Stun Relief
School: Necromancy
Range: 0
Components: V, S
Duration: Permanent
Casting Time: 5
Area of Effect: 10' radius
Saving Throw: None

By the use of this spell, the priest is able to effectively remove the
effects of stun and concussion damage to one creature per two levels
within a 10' radius circle of the priest. When the spell is cast, the
affected creatures are relieved of the effects of the stun or
concussion and are then free to act as if they had never been
stunned. Any nerve damage caused by the stunning is healed as well.

Stun Relief is useful against spells which cause damage and then stun
the victim, as this instantly negates the stun effect. However, this
spell heals no damage, nor does it cure any effected areas of the
creature body. The spell merely relieves the pain and allows the
creature to move around freely.  Future actions can cause the creature
to be stunned again, and concussions can have mental side effects
which cannot be cured by this spell.


Level 3

Accelerate Healing

School: Alteration, Necromancy
Range: Touch
Components: V, S
Duration: 1d6 days
Casting Time: 1 turn
Area of Effect: One creature
Saving Throw: None

This spell enables the affected creature to experience natural healing
at twice normal rate for 1d6 days. This applies only to physical
damage, as it is the natural regeneration of the character that is
increased, not his stamina.  The spell has no effect on Potions of
Healing or other magical forms of healing.

-32-

Peace

School: Enchamnment/Charm
Range: 0
Components: V, S
Duration: 1 turn + 2 round/level
Casting Time: 7
Area of Effect: 50' radius
Saving Throw: Negates

By use of this spell a priest can magically calm every creature in the
affected area into a state of being unable to attack anyone. The
caster affects one creature at 5th level, plus one creature for every
level attained thereafter. The caster may choose which creatures to be
affected, these receive a saving throw vs. spell in order to negate
the effect.  The caster must try to affect as many creatures as
possible, even himself and his companions if there are "too few"
hostile creatures within the area of effect.

Affected beings are unable to take aggressive actions for the duration
of the spell. The spell ends immediately if one of the enchanted
creatures is attacked or otherwise treated with hostility (e.g. its
treasure is being stolen).


Spread Healing

School: Necromantic
Range: 0
Components: V, S
Duration: 1 hour
Casting Time: 5
Area of Effect: The caster
Saving Throw: None

By the use of this spell, the priest is able to optimalize the effect
of his cure-spells. While this spell is in effect, the caster may opt
to store curing and divide this as he chooses. Both physical points
curing and skill curing may be stored and divided as the priest
wishes.

Cure-spells have their effect increased when used in combination with
this spell. They are able to cure two, six and nine physical points,
respectively, (for Cure Light, Serious and Critical Wounds) The priest
may not release more than one curing per round, but as the spells are
already cast the priest are not disrupted if he suffers
damage. Initiative modifier for releasing stored curing are +5.


Level 5

Digit of Disruption

School: Evocation
Range: 5 yards/level
Components: V, S
Duration: Instantaneous
Casting Time: 6
Area of Effect: 1 creature
Saving Throw: Special

This spell is a powerful weapon against undead creatures. When it is
cast, a thin ray about 1 cm in diameter springs forth from the
priest's pointing finger and strikes the selected target. Any undead
creature so struck must save vs. spell or take 4d8 points of
damage. Additionally, the creature is affected as if struck by a Mace
of Disruption. If the save is successful, the affected creature takes
3d8 points of damage, with the remaining 1d8 striking the priest in a
backlash of energy.


Karma

School: Alteration
Range: 0
Components: V, S, M
Duration: 2 rounds/level
Casting Time: 5
Area of Effect: Personal
Saving Throw: None

With each casting of this spell, the priest raises his effective level
by one, to a maximum of two additional levels of effectiveness. The
increase applies to all priestly actions (spell effects, turning
undead, saving throws and THAC0). Not affected by this spell are hit
points, number of spells known and level of spells known.

The material component of this spell is the priest's holy symbol.


Level 6

Bolt of Glory

School: Invocation/Evocation
Range: 20 yards
Components: V, S, M
Duration: Instantaneous
Casting Time: 4
Area of Effect: One creature
Saving Throw: 1/2

By casting this spell, the priest projects a bolt of energy from the
Positive Material Plane against

-33-

one creature. If the creature's home plane is the Prime Material
plane, he suffers 5d6 points of damage.  Extra-planar creatures
suffers damage as given on the following table:

Creature's home plane	Damage

Positive Material plane	Heals 5d4
Upper planes		None
Neutral planes		5d4
Lower planes		10d6
Negative Material plane	15d6

Most undead are considered beings from the Lower planes, although some
may be considered as being from the Negative Material plane.

A saving throw versus spell is allowed for half damage. For fiends,
undead, and Negative Material Plane creatures, such a saving throw is
made with a -2 penalty. The material component of this spell is a
small amber rod banded with bronze.


Call Phoenix

School: Conjuration/Summoning
Range: 0
Components: V, S, M
Duration: 1 round/level
Casting Time: 2 rounds
Area of Effect: Special
Saving Throw: None

This potent priest spell enables the caster to actually summon a
phoenix that will come and aid him. The most stringent restriction to
this is the caster must be of good alignment or be a druid.  Evil or
non-druid neutral priests cannot summon a phoenix. When cast, a
phoenix will always come to aid. However, depending on how far away
the nearest phoenix is, it may take some time for it to appear.  One
of these powerful creatures will appear in 1d8-1 rounds. A modified
roll of "0" indicates that a phoenix will appear right away in a huge
burst of smoke and flame. Because the caster must be good or be a
druid, there is seldom a conflict of interest between the phoenix and
the summoner. However, a phoenix will never attack beings of good
alignment (unless there is an extremely good reason for it). It will,
however, risk its own life and will further the aims of good that the
summoner has undertaken.  When the spell has expired, the phoenix does
not disappear, but it is free to do what it will. This may in fact be
what the caster summoned it for, or it may leave if it feels the
reasons for its summoning were insufficient.

The material components for this spell are three diamonds of at least
500gp value (which are consumed by the energies of the spell) and a
red hot coal.


Mass Cure

School: Necromantic
Range: 0
Components: V, S, M
Duration: Permanent
Casting Time: 7
Area of Effect: 10 yard radius/level area
Saving Throw: None

When this spell is cast, every creature in the area of effect
(including the caster) up to one creature per level of the caster is
cured for 1d8 plus 1/2 the level of the caster points of damage. This
is as per Cure Light Wounds spell (q.v.). The limitations on what
creatures can be thus affected is as per that spell. If more creatures
than can be affected are within the spell radius, preference is given
to those closest to the priest. Also, if a near creature is not
affectable by the spell, it still counts towards the total number of
possible creatures cured.

The material components for this spell is a vial of holy water that
must be sprinkled into the air above the caster's head while the spell
is cast. This spell may not be used in combination with the 3rd level
spell Spread Healing.


Protection from Undead

School: Abjuration
Range: 0
Components: V, S, M
Duration: 2 rounds/level
Casting Time: 1 round
Area of Effect: 30 yard radius sphere
Saving Throw: None

When this spell is cast, it causes the holy symbol of the priest to
glow with a bright, blue light when undead are within 30 yards of
him. All undead within the area will suffer 1d6 points of damage each
round due to intense pain, and must make a successful save vs. Death
Magic in order to cast spells.

Additionally, the priest recieves a +1 modifier on his die roll when
attempting to turn any undead creature while this spell is in
effect. The material component of this spell is the priest's holy
symbol.

-34-

-----------------------------------------------------------------

Appendix F: Priesthood: Starkad

Starkad, also known as "Fireforge", is the god of Courage, Crafts, Law
and Strength. He is said to be a god of solid rock and blazing fire,
and his spirit lives within the very bedrock of the earth.


Requirements

Starkad requires his priests to be strong, healthy and wise. Thus, a
wisdom score of 9, a strength score of 14 and a constitution score of
12 or better is required to become a priest of Starkad. Both wisdom
and strength must be 16 or more in order to receive +10% experience
bonus. If desired, a priest may choose to be a fighter/priest
according to the rules for multi-classing.

Starkad requires his priests to be of either Lawful Good or Lawful
Neutral alignment. His preferred races are dwarves and rock
gnomes. Women are not allowed to become priests, as such hard labor is
unsuitable for them.


Organization

The church of Starkad is organized in a hierarchical manner, where
both level and length of service is considered when a priest is to be
raised into a higher position.

The highest ranking priest is called Patriarch, and answer only to
Starkad. There is a Patriarch on each of the continents the church is
established, and there is little contact between these unless more
frequent communication is called for. The typical Patriarch is of 16th
level or above, in any case he is not below 15th level.

If the Patriarch dies, the High Priests elects the new Patriarch. This
is usually one of their number but sometimes they choose some
other. It is possible for a priest below 15th level to be elected
Patriarch, in that case he is immediately raised to 15th.  The
Patriarch is head of the High Council, where all High Priests meet and
the matters of the church are settled. The High Council usually meets
once every year, but may increase this frequency if there is a need
for it. Additionally, the Patriarch sends out his orders to the High
Priests who carries them out to the best of their ability.

There is typically one High Priest in a nation, although in some there
are more than one and other High Priests have more than one country
under their jurisdiction. Most High Priest are of 13th to 16th level,
although both higher and lower level High Priests are known, although
no reports of High Priests below 11th level exist.

In order to become a High Priest, the candidate must have proven that
he is capable of handling such great responsibility. This is usually
done through a long life of servitude to the church, where the priest
has throughoutly fulfilled all his duties, but reports exist of
priests earning the title of High Priest through other means.

The rest of the clerical hierarchy continues in this pattern, down
through the system to the lowest apprentice. In addition to this
system, there is a number of "questing priests" - priests who have
left the sanctuary of the temples and travels the world.  After some
time, even these priests settle down and builds or takes over a
temple. These priests don't usually get high in the hierarchy, but are
called upon when other qualities are needed. Thus, the priest
governing the local temple may be of higher level than the Patriarch,
although that is not very likely.


Holy Symbol

The symbols used by the priests reflects the personality of
Starkad. All symbols include at least one of the following images: a
hammer, an anvil, an arm, and a mountain. The most common combination
is the Hammer and Anvil.

The symbol itself is usually forged from raw metal ore, the use of
already forged metal will cause all spells to be cast with half
efficiency with respect to range, duration and damage. Additionally,

-35-

as the spells are imperfect opponents gets a +2 bonus on their saves.

Usually iron ore is used, but if mithril and adamantite ore are
available, a special alloy can be made and the symbol will be more
potent. Saving throws versus spells that require the use of a holy
symbol suffer a -1 penalty, and the priest turns undead as if he were
one level higher. Additionally, the priest is immune to all types of
fear.  These symbols are only used by priests of 10th level or higher,
as the lower level priests are unworthy of such blessings.


Holy Water

The priests of Starkad rarely uses holy water. To make holy water, a
priest must cast a Bless spell on the hardening water after a full
day's work in the smithy. The smithy must be located on sanctified
ground, and the priest has a 25% base chance of successfully creating
the holy water. This chance is increased 5% per level of the
priest. One vial plus one vial per two levels of the priest can be
formed like this.


Duties

The priests of Starkad are expected to be proficient in at least one
type of craft, most common are metalworking of some sorts. They must
spend at least one day per week performing their chosen form of craft,
unless there are very good reasons for them not to. Even so, the
priest must catch up on his duty as soon as possible.

The priest can never back down from a challenge unless that challenge
is made simply to force the priest into a certain death, or if the
duel would break the law. In such case the priest is obliged to defeat
the challenger in other ways, most commonly by the laws.

In general, the priest is expected to uphold the law wherever he is,
even if the law is unjust. If the priest feels that the law is unfair,
he may do his best to change it but can not tolerate its violation.


Attitude towards...

...other churches: The priests of Starkad recognize the existence of
the other deities. Still, they usually try to convert the followers of
the other deities if they find them worthy. There does not exist any
ritual to convert other priests to the belief of Starkad, but some
priests have been known to convert of their own free will.

...adventurers: Although the church in general dislike adventurers,
there are a number of priests who travels the world as "questing
priests". Adventurers far too often bring chaos and disorder in their
tracks, and in general have little respect for the law. The main goal
of the questing priests is to establish law and order in places
lacking this, but also to increase the power of the church by finding
and recovering artifacts.  

Thus, the adventure-party who has a priest of Starkad among them will
probably receive help from the local temple. The adventure-party who
does not have a priest among them may also do so if what they are
about to do supports the interests of the church.

...magicians: The followers of Starkad have little love for
magicians. This is mostly due to their general lousy fighting
abilities, but they also feel that magicians in general do more harm
than good with their constant search for knowledge that was never
meant for mortals to know.

A priest is not forbidden by church law to work with a wizard, and
sometimes life-long friendships have evolved between a priest and a
magician, but the priest who does must expect to have his faith
questioned by others from time to time.


Weapons and armor

Priests of Starkad must only use weapons that have a relation to
common craft-tools. The preferred weapon is warhammer, but all the
following is allowed: Battle axe, battle-hammer, dagger, footman's
pick, hand axe, horseman's pick, knife, and warhammer.

All types of metal armor are permitted, as long as it is crafted
either by the priest himself or other members of the church.


Granted powers

Starkads priests are given the following as they rise in level:

- they are immune to all forms of strength-draining attacks

- +2 on saves vs. Fear of any type

- at 3rd level, they have +2 to hit and damage with warhammer

Additionally, they receive 30 character points to spend on the
following abilities:

-36-

Detect ore (5): Once a day, the priest can cast the Detect Ore
spell. This is in addition to any other spells the priest has
memorized.

Followers (5/10): By purchasing this ability, the priest can gain
followers if he establishes a stronghold and is at least 8th level. If
this is purchased as a 10 point ability, the priest can attract
followers whenever he establishes a stronghold, regardless of
level. The DM has details on the various types of followers.

Hit point bonus (10): Priests with this ability use 1d10 to determine
their hit points rather than 1d8.

Immunity (5): At 5th level, the priest is unaffected by a Wall of Fire
spell.

Inspire fear (10): At 7th level, the priest can Inspire Fear in his
opponents. This power can be used once per day, and requires the
priest to boldly present his holy symbol while fully visible. It has
the following effect: It creates a cone, 60' long and 30' wide at the
base. All creatures in that area must save vs.  petrification or flee
for one round per level of the priest. Each affected creature is 60%
likely to drop whatever they have in their hands, this probability
drops 5% per level/HD above 1.

Turn undead (10): As given in the PH.

Warrior-priest (10): Priests who select this ability use the warrior
Strength and Constitution bonuses for exceptional scores.

Weapon specialization (15): Priests selecting this ability may
specialize in a particular weapon.  The character points for
specialization must be met in addition.


Spells

The priests of Starkad may pray for the spells listed below. The
spells are described in the Player's Handbook ("PH"), the Tome of
Magic ("TM") and on the following pages. Some spells has been
modified, in that case this has been noted in the list.  Spells marked
with an asterix (*) are only granted in times of war.

Level 1: Bless (PH), Call Upon Faith (TM), Combine (PH), Command (PH),
Courage* (TM), Cure Light Wounds (PH), Detect Evil (PH), Detect Ore,
Endure Cold/Endure Heat (PH), Log of Everburning (TM), Magical Stone
(PH), Morale* (TM), Protection From Evil (PH), Purify Food & Drink
(PH), Remove Fear (PH), Ring of Hands (TM), Sacred Guardian (TM),
Sanctuary (PH)

Level 2: Barkskin (PH), Calm Chaos (TM), Chant (PH), Draw Upon Holy
Might (TM), Emotion Perception* (TM), Enthrall (PH), Fire Trap (PH),
Flame Blade (PH), Heat Metal (PH), Hold Person (PH), Produce Flame
(PH), Rally* (TM), Resist Fire/Resist Cold (PH), Sanctify (TM),
Silence 15' Radius (PH), Slow Poison (PH), Spiritual Hammer (PH),
Wyvern Watch (PH), Zone of Truth (TM)

Level 3: Adaption* (TM), Caltrops* (TM), Create Food & Water (PH),
Dispel Magic (PH), Divine Strength, Flame Walk (PH), Glyph of Warding
(PH), Line of Protection (TM), Magical Vestment (PH), Meld Into Stone
(PH), Negative Plane Protection (PH), Prayer (PH), Protection From
Fire (PH), Pyrotechnics (PH), Remove Curse (PH), Remove Paralysis
(PH), Rigid Thinking (TM), Stone Shape (PH), Strength of One (TM),
Unearthly Choir (TM)

Level 4: Abjure (PH), Addition (TM), Cloak of Bravery (PH), Compulsive
Order (TM), Cure Serious Wounds (heals 4d8+5 hp) (PH), Defensive
Harmony (TM), Detect Lie (PH), Focus (TM), Free Action (PH),
Leadership* (TM), Produce Fire (PH), Protection From Evil 10' Radius
(PH), Protection From Lightning (PH), Spell Immunity (PH), Tanglefoot*
(TM), Uplift (TM)

Level 5: Atonement (PH), Blessed Abundance (TM), Champion's Strength
(TM), Cure Critical Wounds (heals 5d8+8 hp) (PH), Disguise* (TM),
Dispel Evil (PH), Flame Strike (PH), Illusory Artillery* (TM),
Impending Permission (TM), Insect Plague (PH), Oathbreaker, Quest
(PH), Spike Stones (PH), Strengthen Stone, Transmute Rock to Mud (PH),
Unceasing Vigilance of the Holy Sentinel (TM), Wall of Fire (PH)

Level 6: Aerial Servant (PH), Animate Object (PH), Blade Barrier (PH),
Conjure Animal (PH), Conjure Fire Elemental (PH), Fire Seeds (PH),
Forbiddance (PH), Godrage), Gravity Variation* (TM), Hammer of Doom,
Heal (PH), Hero's Feast (PH), Legal Thoughts (TM),

-37-

Spiritual Wrath (TM), Stone Tell (PH), Transmute Water to Dust (PH),
Weather Summoning (PH), Word of Recall (PH)

Level 7: Animate Rock (PH), Chariot of Sustarre (PH), Conjure Earth
Elemental (PH), Control Weather (PH), Creeping Doom (PH), Earthquake
(PH), Fire Storm (PH), Gate (PH), Holy Word (PH), Illusory
Fortification* (TM), Regenerate (PH), Restoration (PH), Resurrection
(PH), Shadow Engines* (TM), Spirit of Power (TM), Succor (PH),
Transmute Metal to Wood (PH)

Level 1

Detect Ore

School: Divination, Elemental
Range: 10 yards
Components: V, S, M
Duration: 1 turn
Casting Time: 5
Area of Effect: 10-foot wide path
Saving Throw: None

When the priest casts this spell, he is able to detect the presence
and possibly the quantity of a specified ore. The caster must
concentrate one round in a particular direction. If the desired ore is
in that direction, the priest knows the relative distance to it. The
priest also has a 5% chance per level of determining the quantity of
that particular substance to within 10% accuracy.

The spell is directional and the priest must remain stationary while
concentrating in a particular direction. Several different types of
ore may be searched for with each casting of the spell, provided there
is duration left. Each different substance requires one round of
concentration in each direction.

The material component is the priest's holy symbol and a piece of the
ore to be detected for. Neither is consumed in the casting.


Level 3

Divine Strength

School: Alteration
Range: Touch
Components: V, S, M
Duration: 1 hour/level
Casting Time: 1 turn
Area of Effect: The caster(s)
Saving Throw: None

Through the use of this spell, the caster is able to endow himself
with great strength. In game terms, the priest's strength score is
raised by one point, plus one point per level of the priest above
fifth, to a maximum of 18.

If several priest cooperates in the casting of this spell, the
duration is given by the priest who leads the ceremony. Up to eight
priests may participate in a single casting of this spell. If the
Divine Strength is shared this way, the strength points is shared in
equal amounts among the priests. Fractions are lost, as well as those
points that would raise a character above 18. Thus, if three priests
of 9th, 7th and 6th level with strength scores of 16, 16 and 15 was to
cast this spell, they would share 10 points (5+3+2). Divided by three,
this would be three points to each of the priests, raising all of them
to 18.

While casting this spell, the (leading) priest eats the heart of an
animal specially prepared as follows: An animal normally associated
with great strength and endurance (such as an ox or a bear) is
sacrificed.  The caster kills the animal with a special consecrated
sacrificial knife, and empties the blood of the animal into a
concecrated brazier or similar item, and puts it to fire. The
caster(s) then asks Starkad to receive their humble offering, and to
increase their physical strength.

At the completion of the preparation, the heart of the animal is
thrown onto the brazier, and if the priest is on good standings with
Starkad he may reach into the brazier and take out the heart without
being burned. The use of a Protection from Fire spell will not please
Starkad.

This spell may be used in combination with Strength of One and similar
spells, but is not cumulative with the 2nd level wizard spell
Strength.


Level 5

Oathbreaker

School: Conjuration/Summoning
Range: 0
Components: V, S, M
Duration: Special
Casting Time: 1 turn
Area of Effect: 1 creature
Saving Throw: None

The Oathbreaker spell is a powerful method of obtaining vengeance for
a fallen comrade. The deceased person must have been well known to the
priest, and must have been killed through the treachery of the
intended target of the spell. That is, the 

-38-

target must have violated an oath or agreement with the deceased
person (king to subject, guest to host, etc.), or conspired to bring
about the death of the deceased. Additionally, if the deceased was not
a worshiper of Starkad the spell will not function.  The Oathbreaker
spell begins with the priest naming the deceased and detailing the
treachery which resulted in his death. Thereafter, two huge columns
appear in front of the priest. Between the columns appears a great
door. The priest then knocks three times on the door, names the
deceased, and pulls the doors open. The deceased person then steps
through the door as a spirit.

The deceased comes back in a near corporeal form which mimics his form
in life. The spirit has the same hit points as it did in life, and
appear as it did in life. Although the spirit appears unarmored (and
is unable to use armor), it has an AC of 0 and is affected only by
magical weapons of +1 or better enchantment. The spirit has 5% magical
resistance per level/Hit Dice, up to a maximum of 60%, and is
unaffected by sleep, charm, and other forms of mental control.

The spirit may use weapons as it did in life, and has the same spells
memorized as at the time of his death. It is unable to memorize new
spells, and needs material components normally. It is unaffected by
loss of it's own physical hit points, but if the summoning priest is
wounded, this will affect the spirit in the same way it affects the
priest, due to the fact that the priest is its link to the world of
mortals.

If either the priest or the spirit is reduced to 0 hp or below, the
spirit disappears. It will in any case disappear after one week plus
one day per two levels of the priest. Once the spirit has disappeared,
it is unable to return to the world of the living.  The spirit itself
is unaffected by a Dispel Magic spell, but if cast successfully upon
the priest the link will be broken and the spirit will disappear. The
spirit may be driven away through the use of spells such as
Banishment, Dismissal, etc. Once the spirit has avenged itself, it
disappears to rest in peace.


Strengthen Stone

School: Alteration
Range: 10 yards
Components: V, S, M
Duration: Permanent
Casting Time: 1 hour
Area of Effect: 1 building or wall
Saving Throw: None

Strengthen Stone can reinforce any stone construction (house, tower,
wall segment, aqueduct, etc.) against physical damage. The DM adds +4
to the structure's saving throw against any type of damage, from siege
engines to natural earthquakes.  The stone object gains a saving throw
vs. the Earthquake spell (q.v.). The spell may only be cast once on
any stone object.

If a character cast this spell on a stone golem or other animated
stone being (like one created by Animate Rock), the creature receives
a -1 bonus to its AC and adds a +1 bonus to its saving throws for the
duration of the spell. Strengthen Stone has no effect on earth
elemental or galeb duhr. This spell prevents Transmute Rock to Mud
from working on the affected construction.

The material component, a diamond chip worth at least 500 gp, must be
crushed and sprinkled on the construction.


Level 6

Godrage

School: Alteration, Enchantment
Range: 0
Components: V, S, M
Duration: 3 rounds + 1 round/level
Casting Time: 1 round
Area of Effect: Personal
Saving Throw: None

This spell may be cast when a priest is faced with characters that he
knows has violated Starkad's interests in a severe way. By casting
this spell, the priest calls down the attention of Starkad and invokes
his righteous wrath. He names the wrongdoers, sentence them to death,
and raises his warhammer at the completion of the spell.

As the earthly consequence of this, the priest is empowered with
increased combat ability, he attacks as a fighter of his own level
specialized in warhammer. While the priest is able to make intelligent
decisions, the wrath that fills him makes it impossible for him to
cast any spells. Furthermore, the presence of the divinity surrounds
the cleric in the form of an aura that reduces all damage taken by the
cleric by 2 points (1 point minimum) per dice.

After the spell ends, the cleric must rest for twice as long as the
time he was empowered with Godrage.  The material components for this
spell is the holy symbol of the priest, as well as a consecrated
warhammer which disappears when the spell ends.  

-39-


Hammer of Doom

School: Evocation
Range: 10 yards/level
Components: V, S, M
Duration: Instantaneous
Casting Time: 1 round
Area of Effect: 1 creature
Saving Throw: Special

This spell is similar to the spell Spiritual Hammer, but much more
powerful. The caster lobs a warhammer straight up into the air. The
dweomer of the spell lifts it out of sight and enlarges it
monstrously.  During the round of the casting the Hammer of Doom
hurtles down towards a specified target with a piercing, whistling
sound, striking it for 1d10 points of damage per level of the
caster. The hammer will look monstrously huge as it comes down,
terrifying those standing around the intended target.

All those standing within a 1" radius area around the victim must
succeed a save vs spell or be affected by Fear, as the spell, for 1d4
rounds. If the victim succeeds a saving throw vs spell, he manages to
tear himself loose from the sight of it, and throw himself partially
out of the way, so as to reduce the damage to 1/2. If the save is
failed, he remains rooted to the spot, paralyzed with fear and
receives full damage.  Likewise, all the victim's equipment must save
versus crushing blow or be destroyed utterly.  The material components
are the priest's holy symbol and a warhammer under the effect of a
Bless spell. The warhammer is consumed.  

-40-
