Archive-name: 3plus/b4storm.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Come Before the Storm, The (part 1)


	"Stick it in me, baby," said the woman on the video.  As I 
watched the porno, I slowly rubbed my cock through my pants.
	"Take it all, bitch," the man said.  The woman was standing up, 
leaning forward with her hands grabbing her ankles.  The man slid his 
cock easily into the woman's cunt.
	"That's it baby," the woman moaned.  "Make me come."  The 
man gyrated her hips as the woman kept moaning.
	"Ohh baby, I'm going to come," the man moaned.  "Where do 
you want it?"
	"In my mouth," the woman said.  "I want to eat all of your 
come."
	The woman then lay down on the ground and the man sat on her 
chest, putting his cock between her breasts.  As she squeezed the 
breasts on his cock, the man rocked his body back and forth while 
extending his hands to the woman's tits.
	"Open wide," the man said.  The woman lifted up her head and 
opened her mouth.  A shot of semen came out of the man's penis and 
landed squarely in the woman's mouth.
	"Mmmmm," the woman said, as another spurt landed in her 
mouth.  She then moved her head forward and put the entire cock in 
her mouth.  As she sucked, a second woman walked into the room.  
The man then got up after the woman had sucked him dry and lay on 
the bed.  The second woman moved into a 69 position with the 
woman who was already on the ground.  The camera showed the 
woman on top licking away at the other woman's cunt.
	As the woman kept licking, I heard the doorbell ring.  My cock 
quickly started to go limp.  I turned off the VCR and walked toward 
the door.
	When I opened the door, I saw two beautiful girls standing on 
the porch.  The rain had been coming down pretty hard for the last few 
hours and the two girls were drenched.
	"Hi, my name's Kim and this is my friend Leslie," one of the 
girls said.
	"Hi," I answered back.
	"Uhhh, could we use your phone?" Leslie asked.  "Our car 
broke down and we can't seem to get it to work."
	"Well maybe I could help you," I said.
	"Do you know much about cars?" Kim asked.
	"I do know a few things," I replied.  "Would you like me to see 
what I can do?"  As I said this, I couldn't help but look at both of the 
girls' chests which were quite damp.  And since they were only 
wearing shirts and no bras, I was easily able to see their semi-erect 
nipples.  I started feeling a slight bulge between my crotch.
	"Yes, I would appreciate it if you could help us," Leslie said.
	"Do you think we could come in and dry off first?" Kim asked.
	"By all means, come on in," I said.  "I wouldn't want you two to 
catch a cold standing outside in the rain."
	I opened the door further so that Kim and Leslie could walk in 
and then I closed it shut.
	"Boy, it sure is wet out there," Kim said.
	"Yea, it sure is," I said.  "And you look quite wet yourself."
	"Do you mind if we use your bathroom to dry off?" Kim asked.
	"Not at all," I said.  "Just walk down the hall and take a left."
	"Thanks," Kim said.  The two then walked down the hall and 
before they rounded the corner, they had already taken off their shirts, 
revealing their bare backs.  Kim was wearing a mini-skirt and Leslie 
was wearing skin tight jeans.
	I heard a voice coming from the bathroom.  "Hey, we forgot to 
ask you what your name is."
	I walked toward the bathroom and I answered back, "My 
name's Jeff."
	"Thanks a lot for letting us dry off," Leslie said.  "It was getting 
kind of cold outside.  Do you have a hair dryer?"
	"Yea, it's in the top drawer," I answered.
	"Thanks," Leslie replied.
	"Would you mind if we stayed here while we let our clothes 
dry," Kim yelled out from behind the bathroom door.
	Mind, heck no.  I wouldn't mind at all.  In fact, stay as long as 
you'd like.  "No, not at all.  Be my guest."
	"Thanks," Kim answered.
	"And, uh, one more favor," Kim said.  She cracked open the 
bathroom door and handed me her wet T-shirt that she had been trying 
to dry.  Then she handed me her mini-skirt, and then out came a g-
string.  Hmmm, a g-string, I thought to myself.  "Could you dry these 
for me"?
	"Sure, no problem," I replied.
	The hand came back out with more clothes.  This time it was 
Leslie's shirt and jeans.  However, no underwear came out with the 
pile.
	"And could you dry these too?" Leslie asked.
	"Sure," I replied again.  My mind was racing at this time.  Here 
were two beautiful girls in my bathroom, naked, and me on the other 
side of the door.  I heard a few giggles which were being slightly 
drowned out by the sound of the hair dryer.
	"Ouch, that's hot," I heard as I walked toward the laundry room.  
I put the clothes into the dryer and started to dry them.  I then turned 
around and out came the two girls, each covering themselves with a 
towel.
	"I have some clothes that might fit you, if you'd like," I said.
	"Thanks," Kim said.
	"Would you like pants, or shorts?" I asked.
	"How about some shorts," Leslie said.
	"Same here," Kim said.
	I quickly darted to my room and returned with two pairs of 
shorts and two T-shirts.  "Here you go."
	I was then shocked when the two girls dropped their towels and 
took the clothes from my hands.  Boy, they sure aren't shy, are they?  I 
quickly glanced at their chests.  Kim had nice, small breasts, though 
not too small.  Leslie, on the other hand, had slightly bigger breasts.  
And then my eyes lowered as I took a glance at their pussies.  Kim's 
pubic hair was nicely cut, in a perfect triangle, and Leslie's was clean 
shaven.  As my eyes stared at the two girls, the bulge in my pants 
started to get even bigger.
	"Don't be afraid to look," Kim said, "I'm not embarrassed.  I'm 
sure there's nothing you haven't seen before."  Yes, this was true, but I 
haven't seen two beautiful strangers standing in my living room naked 
before.
	"Hmmm, it looks like he's enjoying the looking," Leslie said as 
she glanced at my crotch.
	The two both put on my shorts and shirts.  They were a bit 
baggy on them, but it certainly looked sexy.  I was imagining myself 
reaching into those loose fitting shorts and rubbing their pussies.
	"Do you mind if we watch TV while we wait for our clothes to 
dry?" Kim asked.
	"Sure, let's see what's on," I said.
	We walked toward the TV set and sat down on the couch with 
myself between the two.
	I picked up the remote and started flipping through the 
channels.  Leslie noticed that I had a VCR and asked, "Hey, do you 
have any pornos?"
	"I didn't think girls were interested in that kind of stuff," I said.
	"Are you kidding," Leslie said, "I watch them all the time."
	"Well," I said, as I started to blush, "I have one in the VCR right 
now."
	"Let's watch it," Leslie said.
	I pressed play on the VCR and on the screen appeared two 
women in a 69 position.  The camera showed a close up view of one 
woman's cunt with the other women licking away.  "Ooooh, baby, that 
feels so good," the woman kept saying.  "Lick me, come on baby, 
make me come.  Oh yea, keep licking."  The woman then brought her 
finger toward her cunt and stuck it in her hole.  "Ooooh, yea, make me 
come.  Stick it in deeper.  Make me come," she kept saying.  Then, 
after a couple of minutes, she started to scream out, "Ooooh, I'm going 
to come.  You're going to make me come.  Oh, that feels so good."  
Her screams got louder and louder as she started nearing her orgasm.
	At that instant, a bolt of lightning flashed outside the window, 
which was quickly followed by a roar of thunder.  Then, a second 
later, the lights flickered.  "Looks like the power's going to go out," I 
said.  And just before I could get the sentence completed, the lights 
went out completely.
	"It's a bit dark in here," Kim said.  "Maybe we should get a 
flashlight."
	"No, we don't need to do that," Leslie said.
	"Hey, who's hand is that," I heard Kim say.
	"It's not my hand," I said.  "My hands are on my lap."  And they 
were, covering up my growing penis.
	"Is that you Leslie?" Kim asked.
	I leaned forward slightly and I felt an arm.  Yes, it was Leslie 
reaching across my chest toward Kim.  I then felt a little tap at my 
crotch.  I flinched a little bit, but then relaxed again.
	"What's that," Leslie asked.  I knew that was Leslie's hand on 
my crotch.
	"Uh, it's, uh, me," I said.
	"Oh, I thought I felt something big," Leslie said.
	"Hey, who's grabbing my cunt?" Leslie asked.
	"Sorry dear," Kim said, "I thought I was grabbing Jeff."
	I then took my hand and reached toward Kim's crotch.
	"Hey, who was that," Kim said.
	"That was me," I said as I flinched back a little.
	"Don't stop," she said, "that feels good."  I then placed my hand 
back on her crotch.  As I did this, I could feel Leslie's hand grabbing 
my penis through my pants.  I stroked Kim's pussy through her shorts.  
With each stroke I could feel a slight dampening.  I was getting 
aroused by the thoughts of her fluids flowing onto my shorts.  She 
then reached down, unbuttoned the buttons, and took the shorts off.  I 
now had a clear path to her hole.  I continued rubbing her cunt lips 
and with each stroke a little more moisture appeared.  My cock, too, 
was getting its fair share from Leslie.  I could now feel drops of pre-
come forming on the tip.  I felt another hand in my crotch area.  I 
could tell that the new hands were Kim's.  She unbuttoned my pants 
and I lifted my buttocks slightly off the couch so that I could remove 
my pants.  I then felt four hands around my crotch area while I kept 
one of my own on Kim's cunt.  The two girls were massaging my cock 
and balls and it certainly felt good.  Feeling that Kim was quite moist, 
I stuck a finger in her hole.  It was quite a tight fit.  And she made it 
tighter by squeezing her legs together.
	"Spread your legs a little," I whispered to Kim.  And she did.  
She lifted her leg and placed it on the arm rest of the couch.  I was 
now able to get a finger deeper in her hole and give her a good 
fingering.
	Leslie then got off of the couch and kneeled in front of me.  
Kim still had her hands around my cock while Leslie bent down to get 
a good licking of the tip, licking all of the pre-come as from my hole.  
My eyes had now adjusted to the dark and I was able to get a good 
outline of the two girls.  Kim was still sitting next to me with her 
hands on my cock with my fingers deep in her cunt.  Leslie was 
kneeling in front of me and her tongue was giving my cock a good 
bath.  Kim then guided my cock into Leslie's mouth.  She licked up 
and down the shaft, the entire length, while Kim continued stroking it.  
Leslie then put her entire mouth over my cock.
	"Why don't you get onto the floor," Kim suggested.  I took my 
fingers out of Kim's moist pussy and slowly slid off the couch while 
Leslie's mouth remained over my cock.  My head still rested against 
the couch and Kim stood up and moved her crotch in front of my face.  
She got onto her knees so that her cunt was right at mouth level.  She 
pushed her cunt straight into my mouth.  I stuck out my tongue and 
started licking the lips of her pussy.  She reached down and started 
fiddling with her hardening clit.  I then took my hands and spread her 
lips apart and stuck my tongue deep inside her pussy.  The aroma was 
quite pleasant.  I started losing concentration as to what Leslie was 
doing to my cock.  I then moved my mouth slowly away from Kim's 
pussy.
	"Does Leslie swallow?" I asked.
	"Yes, she loves come," Kim answered.
	"Good, because I'm about to come."
	I stuck my tongue back into Kim's cunt and began licking away 
again.
	"I'm about to come too," Kim said.
	I could feel the come boiling up within my balls, and I suppose 
Leslie sensed this too because she started to massage them.  I could 
hear Kim panting as her orgasm was coming on.  Her pussy started 
contracting around my tongue and I knew she was having a good 
orgasm.  She then got off her knees and sat beside me, putting her lips 
close to mine so that we could embrace in a kiss.
	Leslie was still sucking me and my come was really nearing its 
point of no return.  I then felt my cock contract and spew a load of 
come.  And then another contraction and another squirt.  Leslie kept 
her mouth over my cock, swallowing my come as Kim said that she 
would.  After I had spent my load, Leslie removed her mouth from my 
cock.
	"That was good," Leslie said.  She then sat on the couch and 
brought her hand toward her cunt.  She stroked the length of her slit 
with one hand and rubbed her tits with the other.
	Kim continued kissing.  She moved her tongue deep into my 
mouth, tasting her own juices.  I was still quite limp from Leslie's 
blowjob, but I was slowly getting aroused.  I could hear Leslie 
moaning from her fingering herself and that was getting me even more 
aroused.
	"Jeff," Leslie said, "come over here and lick my cunt.  My 
fingers are getting tired."
	Leslie gave a short sigh as I moved away from her and moved 
toward Leslie.  I put my head between her crotch and started to lick 
her inner thighs.  She began squirming quite a bit, so I continued 
teasing her.  I then moved my lips toward her shaven pussy.  Her clit 
was quite visible as it stuck out from beyond her hood.  Extending my 
tongue to meet her clit, she wrapped her legs around me, pulling me 
closer to her pussy.  I moved my tongue below her clit and stuck it 
deep within her hole.
	Leslie continued moaning and massaging her breasts as I 
continued licking her cunt.  "I'm going to come," she screamed.  I then 
felt her vaginal walls contracting around my tongue as she squirted 
small amounts of fluid.  "Oooh, Jeff, that was one of the best 
orgasms I've ever had."

--
