			BEGINNER'S LUCK
	     (A Slice of the Author's Life Story)       
			by Ron Dalanor


     Wes stood in the doorway to my apartment.  He was 
dressed in a pin-stripped grey three piece suit, white 
shirt, and red tie.  A bottle of wine was in his hand.  An 
enormous war raged inside me in an attempt to decide if this 
was indeed the right thing to do.
     Wes, the thirty-nine year old dean of student services 
at the university where I attended graduate school, was 
going to be my first man-to-man sexual experience.  
Technically speaking, Wes would be my second, but the first 
incident occurred under such bizarre circumstances that I am 
not sure it should count.  You see, after more than a year 
of celibacy (a conscious reaction to my second failed 
engagement), my subconscious mind took over, and I let a guy 
suck my dick.  Though totally sober at the time, the whole 
memory of the experience is anything but clear.  The 
experience with that guy was comparable to waking from a 
deep sleep to discover that a stranger is going down on you.  
Only, I hadn't been asleep.  I had been doing laundry, and I 
remember the guy being in the laundromat doing his laundry 
as well.  The next thing I recalled was that I was in his 
apartment looking down to see him slurping on my cock.  The 
urge to wretch at that sight was strong, but the urge to get 
off and shoot a load in his mouth was stronger.  Thus, it 
happened.
     I invited Wes in, closed the door, and locked the door.  
I felt rather weak all over.  Wes was a nice guy and a nice 
looking guy, but I was having serious thoughts about going 
through with this encounter.  My history was just not the 
proper foundation for being gay.  From age eleven, when I 
got my first piece, until now, I had been following after a 
good pair of hooters, chasing shirts, and fucking pussy.  
Twelve years of experience couldn't be dismissed overnight.  
Although I hadn't once even pondered the possibility of sex 
with another guy, the curiosity was strong enough now to 
keep me from calling the whole thing off.
     I got wine glasses and poured us both a glass of wine.  
I downed mine quickly and poured another.  We sat making 
small talk.  Wes' curly, dark brown hair had just a touch of 
grey at the temples and framed his tanned complexion    
elegantly.  These features provided a perfect canvass for 
the somberness of his green eyes.
     Wes began rubbing my thigh as we talked.  His touch was 
gentle and not demanding.  Whatever erotic feeling that 
should have come from the contact was overridden by a 
tremendous urge to urinate.  Twice already since Wes' 
arrival, I had found it critical to take a leak.  This one 
couldn't be put off either.
     As I stood in the bathroom taking a piss, I tried to 
convince myself that it would all work out.  As I explained 
it to myself, Wes would give me a blowjob and then leave.  
That, after all, was what I thought gay sex was about.  
Anything beyond having a guy blow me was unimaginable.
     When I came back, Wes and I resumed our trivial 
conversation.  Wes also, after a brief period, resumed 
massaging my thigh.  When he reached my cock, all 
conversation stopped.  Though it took me some time, I 
eventually looked into his face as he rubbed my dick.  What 
I saw in his eyes shocked me.  Wes wanted me, and he wanted 
me real bad.  Desire was the catalyst.  I felt my nipples go 
erect, and my rod got rock hard real fast.
     My biggest weakness was, and still is, an egocentric 
need to be wanted, to be desired.  When I can see, hear, 
feel, smell and taste the lust that another person has for 
me, I almost always wind up giving them what they want.  I 
give in, but not before I make the person work for what he 
or she wants.  Exercising that kind of power over another 
individual stimulates a flood of adrenaline, and I crave 
that rush.
     Wes' free hand began stroking my chest.  He ran his 
nails across my prominent pecs repeatedly before he began 
making circles around my nipples.  I humped my crotch into 
his other hand to see what reaction he would have.  His 
gentleness turned into a desperation to get inside my pants.  
I noticed that Wes' breathing was heavier and inconsistent.
     Wes dropped to the floor and slid himself between my 
legs.  He rubbed his face in my crotch moving back and 
forth.  His lips began tracing my dick up and down.  The 
entire time he was doing this he was also loosening his tie 
and unbuttoning his shirt.  His suit jacket had been removed 
during one of my frequent bathroom visits.
     My zipper seemed to present a slight challenge for Wes 
as he fumbled with it to eventual success.  He began pulling 
my trousers down, and I stood to aid him in his quest.  My 
briefs disappeared in a flash.  My eyes were clenched closed 
in fear and in anticipation.  Warm and wet was the feeling 
of Wes' tongue as it slowly moved across every inch of my 
ball sac.  I felt his tongue slide from the base of my cock 
forward to its big, throbbing tip as if to beckon it into 
his waiting mouth.
     The hotness of his mouth sent a sensation through my 
body that forced my eyes open.  The fascination of watching 
him suck me kept growing.  He slid up and down my pole so 
effortlessly and with such lust and passion.  Seeing how 
much he wanted my dick kick started my libido into 
overdrive.  I stepped back, keeping my cock just out of the 
reach of his mouth.  Wes sat there on his knees with one 
hand balancing him and the other hand feeling up his own 
cock through his clothes.  I held my rod and teased him with 
it.  He would lunge for it whenever I brought it close to 
his lips.
     "Come on.  Let me suck it some more.  Please.  I'll 
make you feel real good." Wes said as his face begged.
     That was it.  It was that pleading look and the sound 
in his voice that I loved.  I pushed my dick against his 
lips, and he resumed providing that wonderfully hot washing 
to it.  He was giving me great head, but I wanted more.  I 
wanted him to take it all.  I wanted to hear him gag on it 
and then still go back for more.  I placed my hand on the 
back of his head and pushed him all the way down on my cock 
while thrusting it deep into his mouth.  I held him there 
feeling his torrid breath on my pubic hair.  He choked and 
struggled to get free.  I held him for a bit before letting 
him wrangled free.  Wes coughed and gasped for air; tears 
welled up in his eyes.  Despite all this, when he recovered, 
he went right back to sucking me.
     Wes had unzipped his pants and was playing with his 
cock with only half the enthusiasm he was showing mine.  He 
was going up and down on my shaft fast and furious, and he 
periodically took it all the way down.  It was great; it was 
far better than any blowjob a woman had ever given me.  I 
was really getting into it when Wes stopped, sat back on his 
haunches, and started rapidly removing his clothes.
     "Did I make your cock feel good?" Wes gasped as he 
struggled to get quickly out of his clothes.
     "Yeah, it feels great." I responded as I stroked my 
cock in his direction.
     "I want that dick; I love that dick.  I want it all!" 
Wes moaned before he rammed his mouth all the way down to 
the base of my cock.
     Wes went back to sucking my boner with immense zeal.  
As he sucked, he helped me out of my shoes, my pants, and 
briefs.  Wes' hands ran lightly up and down my thighs and 
softly across my buns.  He began pushing my ass so that I 
was fucking his face.  He seemed to get even more turned on 
each time I thrust into his mouth.
     "I need to be fucked!  I need to be fucked real bad!" 
Wes said as he stood up and hugged me.
     He kept pressing my crotch into his.  He held me close 
and tight.  His face was close enough to mine for me to feel 
and smell his breath.  To me, it was evident that Wes wanted 
to kiss me, but I wasn't exactly sure if that was what I 
wanted.  Getting my wiener washed by a guy was one thing, 
but kissing a guy might be too much, especially after he had 
been sucking my dick.
     "Please.  Do what you want to me." he whispered as he 
stared directly in my face.
     I kissed him.  It felt awkward at first, but I got into 
it.  As I felt the heat of his mouth, I kissed him harder.  
My tongue searched his mouth not knowing what it was 
searching for but enjoying it nonetheless.  When the kiss 
finally broke, Wes began licking my nipples.  The sensation 
was electric.  Each time his tongue touched one of my tits 
my breathing stopped and my ball sac contracted.  No woman 
had ever made me feel this good.  I returned the favor by 
sucking on his nipples.
     "Chew on 'em!  Yeah!  Get rough with 'em!" he panted.
     I eagerly complied by pulling and biting his tits real 
hard.  I could not believe that I was doing this with a guy, 
but I had always loved tits.  These were smaller but no less 
responsive.  The more I worked them over and the more he 
moaned in reaction got me hotter and pulled me in deeper 
into greater enjoyment of man sex. 
     Things nearly fell apart at this juncture.  While I was 
chewing on his tits, Wes tried to get his finger in my bung 
hole.  Instinctively, I grabbed his hand, at the wrist, in a 
death grip.  I ceased working on his tits and glared 
directly into his face.  Wes quickly realized his mistake 
and immediately tried to make amends.
     "I'm sorry.  I won't do it again.  Let me kiss it and 
make it better." he said with adolescent seductiveness.
     Wes moved swiftly after I loosened my grip on his 
wrist.  He darted behind me and dropped to his knees before 
I could react or respond.  He kissed my ass!  He kissed it 
lightly and gently.  His kisses turned into licks which 
moved from cheek to cheek.  His tongue dashed into my hole 
without warning and flicked all along my asscrack.  He 
grabbed my hips and sank his hot tongue into my bunghole.  
My mind explored with an overload of sensations.  My legs 
went weak, and, for a few seconds, Wes' was completely 
holding me up.  Though the strength returned to my legs, 
sensory overload continued as he lick from my hole to my 
ball sac and fucked my hole with is tongue.  I heard myself 
moaning uncontrollably, and I found myself pushing his face 
deeper into my ass.  This was incredible, and I didn't want 
it to end.  Tiring of the position and the stress my shoving 
was putting on his neck, Wes stretched out on his back on 
the floor. 
     "Sit on my face!  I eat your ass out.  I'll doing 
anything to make you feel good!" he said pulling me down on 
him.
     I took to the floor with little hesitation.  I placed 
my knees on the outside of his shoulders and began lowering 
my ass toward his face.  The thrill of tongue is ass was 
short circuiting every neuron in my brain.  I was literally 
bouncing up and down on his face, up and down on his tongue.  
This first encounter was to establish great precedence.  The 
rule that was created then still holds true today.  Perhaps 
I should have it tattooed on my asscheeks.  In black bold 
letters it would read "Tongues Only!" on one cheek.  The 
other cheek would have a big red tongue with the tip pointed 
toward my asscrack.
     Wes pulled on arm free and groped for his pants while 
keeping me in extreme joy.  He took a tiny packet from his 
pants.  He moved his hand to his own butt and squeezed the 
packet till it spilled its contents onto his balls.  Wes 
rubbed his fingers in this gob of stuff and then applied it 
to his ass, inserting the fingers inside slowly.  He grabbed 
my hand pulled it down to his butt.  I was naive as to what 
men did, so I didn't get it.  Wes took my hands and 
separated my index finger from the rest.  He pushed it 
directly to his hole.
     "Put it in!  Finger fuck me!" Wes uttered in what 
seemed like desperation.
     I was very tentative about this deal.  I glided my 
finger in carefully and slowly.  How could a guy like this?  
I mean a tonguing felt good but this?  Again Wes stopped 
eating my ass out long enough to say something.
     "Shove two fingers in!  Do it hard!"
     He asked for it, and I gave it to him, though still 
with great reluctance.  His response surprised me.  He 
moaned, he squirmed and he worked his tongue into my ass 
even harder and deeper.  He really liked this; somehow it 
felt good to him.  I got adventurous and put three fingers 
in.
     "Oh yeah!  That's it!  Get my ass ready for that cock 
of yours." Wes moaned.
     My cock?  No!  That couldn't be it.  Could it?  Did 
some guys like to be fucked?  Were all guys who were gay 
supposed to like getting it in the ass?  My logic circuit 
got overloaded at the possibilities and temporarily shut 
down.  Instinct took over.
     Wes pushed my ass away from his face and kept pushing 
until I stood up.  He scrambled for his pants and removed a 
condom from the packet.  He tore it open and began to put it 
on my cock.  It was so odd watching a man put a rubber on my 
dick.  At the same time, it was exciting to watch, 
especially when my dick seemed to throb and get noticeably 
harder than before.
     I had always found and efficiency apartment convenient 
for seducing women because its bedroom/living room 
combination kept the bed handy.  It also kept the feeling of 
sexual tension omnipresent.  Wes took advantage of the set 
up.  He crawled to the bed, laid on his back, and pulled his 
legs up in the air.
     "I need to be fucked real bad.  I want your dick in me.  
Shove it in had and fuck me!" Wes moaned out with no shame 
and no hesitation.
     I moved to the foot of the bed.  I was intensely 
excited and exceptionally overwhelmed by the idea of fucking 
a guy.  His asspucker twitched, opening and closing as if to 
confirm the words its owner had uttered.  I stood there 
totally fascinated at the sight; I was unconsciously stoking 
my condom covered cock.
     "Please, I need it.  I need it bad." he pleaded with 
great sincerity.
     I got onto the bed and moved into position.  I tried to 
get it into him, but he was tight and the angle was awkward.  
Wes grabbed the pillows and shoved them under his ass.  The 
new angle was perfect, but he was still tighter than any 
pussy I had ever entered.  A dick can glide effortlessly 
into a pussy, but it literally has to rape an ass for 
entrance.  As I looked at the big head of my dick and the 
small pick puckerhole of his, I kept thinking that it was 
impossible.
     "Push it in!  Make me take it!" Wes yelled breaking me 
out of wonderment.
     This time I pushed at his ass hard.  It gave enough to 
let most of the head of my cock into him.  He yelled, and I 
stopped immediately.  His hands, however, grabbed my butt 
and pulled me in deeper.  I felt my dick sink into him.
     "Yes!  All the way....put it all the way in!"
     I forced my dick as far as I could, and I felt my pubic 
hair grind into the flesh of his butt.  He moaned, grimaced, 
and clenched his eyes closed.  I felt his whole body tremble 
and shake.  My dick was inside a hole, it was a man's hole, 
but that seems to make little difference to my dong.  It... 
I... We began to fuck Wes.  The absolute tightness held me 
to slow, shallow thrusts.  Wes kept moaning and moaning.  He 
was enjoying the hell out of my cock; he liked it inside 
him.  Wes, I think, liked getting dicked better than a woman 
did.
     I was enthralled watching this guy as I fucked him.  I 
drank in his every response which fueled my lust and drove 
me on.  Gradually, his ass muscles relaxed, and the plowing 
got easier.  Little by little, I fucked him deeper, harder, 
and faster.
     "That's it!  Do it to me!  Fuck me hard!  Yes!  Yes!  
Yes!" Wes cried out opening his eyes for the first time 
since I entered him.
     Wes half raised himself while pulling me down to his 
face.  He kissed me, and I kissed back.  The whole room 
seemed to get hotter, and I fucked him harder and faster.  
My leg cramped a bit at the thigh. I slowed my pace and 
pulled nearly out of him to let the spasm pass.  When it 
did, I shoved my dick back into him hard.
     "Oh, yes!  That's it!" he moaned as his body 
shuddered.
     I repeated the action, and Wes continued to cry out in 
pleasure.  I kept doing it, and he kept responding.  Making 
a man take my dick and watching him enjoying me fucking him 
had me more excited than I had ever been before.  I was too 
excited to cum.  I just wanted to keep fucking him and 
making him enjoy my cock.  The cum that was beading up at 
his cock slit told me how much I was getting to him.
     Fucking and fucking for long periods of time was 
commonplace for me.  I had trained myself not to get off 
until I had made my female partners climax.  I was prepared 
for the long haul.  However, Wes was a guy, and, as he later 
explained to me, man sex usually went for a much shorter 
period of time.  Hell, I had never fallen into the norm on 
anything else, and man sex wasn't going to an exception 
either.
     "My legs are cramping.  Let's change positions." Wes 
said.
     I pulled out of him.  Wes got up, pulled another small 
packet from his pants, squeezed the contents to his hand, 
and again placed it all in his ass.  It finally registered 
in my mind that men were not as naturally lubricated as 
women.  I was glad because I loved the hot friction 
generated by my dick in his ass.  He slid on to the bed on 
his stomach this time.  I pulled his hips up to my dick as i 
sat on my heels and knees.  Wes was on his forearms, but 
that wasn't enough to keep me from driving my dick in hard, 
forcing his face deep into the pillows which had been thrown 
back to the head of the bed.
     "Oh, fuck!" Wes yelled audibly even though his face was 
as buried in the pillows as my dick was in his ass.
     In this position with my hands gripping his hips, I 
drilled him fast and furious.  My thrusts were deep and 
hard.  His ass was hot, but I wanted to fuck it hotter.  The 
sound of my slapping into his ass got louder and louder, and 
I got increasingly turned on by it.  The pounding got too 
much for Wes to take at that pace.  He slid full onto his 
stomach, and my cock and I went with him.  I was literally 
doing push ups into his ass, but this position forced me to 
slow the pace a bit.  I stiff armed it as long as I could, 
and then I slid full onto him.  I began biting his neck and 
shoulders.
     "Yes!  Oh, yes!  Fuck me!" he moaned.  "Talk dirty to 
me.  Make me your bitch!"
     Talk dirty to him?  He had to be kidding, but I was 
intrigued by the thought.  Listening to a woman scream and 
moan as she climax had always made it easier for me to get 
off.  Some of them had even liked dirty talk.  But, what did 
one say when fucking a guy?
     "Like my dick in you?" I said testing the waters.
     "Oh, yeah.  Give it to me hard!" he responded.
     This was great!  I could make this man suck my dick, I 
could make him take my dick up his ass, and I could make him 
tell me how good it felt.  I was in assfucking heaven.
     "You like having that tight, hot ass of yours fucked, 
don't you?" I uttered with greater confidence.
     "Fuck, yes!  Shove that cock in my pussy!"
     "You wanna be my bitch, don't you?"
     "Yes!  I am your bitch!  I'm your cocksucking whore!"
     I shoved it to him harder and harder.  Every time he 
spoke... every time I heard those words my dick got harder, 
my hips humped faster, and I eased closer to nirvana.  I 
pulled nearly all the way and stuck my cock all the way back 
in.  Each dive brought a louder response.
     "Gettin' my dong shoved in hard hurts that asscunt, 
doesn't it?"
     "Yeah, man.  It's hurts real good.  Do it to me!"
     A floating sensation washed over me.  I was there, and 
I wasn't there.  Wes' moaning got really loud and really 
violent.  He turned his head, stretching every muscle in his 
neck and shoulders.  I moved closer to kiss him.  Our kiss 
became a violent struggle, and I fucked him harder to subdue 
him.  It had the opposite effect.
     "Oh!  Oh!  Oh, yeah!  Do it to me!  Do it to me!  Give 
me it!  Yes!  Oh, yes!  I can't.....  I....  I can't hold 
back!  I'm gonna cum.  I'm gonna cum!  Oh!  Oh!  I'm fuckin' 
cumming!  Ah!  Ah!  Oh!  Shit!  Yeah!"
     Wes' body bucked fiercely beneath me as he moaned and 
screamed.  I slipped my arms around him and held on.  I kept 
fucking him, but there was anything but a rhythm to my 
thrusts.   My hips went into sudden overdrive and produced 
hard, fast and deeps thrust into his tight ass.  It was all 
beyond my control.  Something clicked in my brain, and I 
went over the edge like a charging stallion who couldn't 
stop at the precipice's edge.
     "Oh, fuck!" I yelled.  "Take my fuckin' hot load!"
     "Yeah, baby!  Cum in my ass!  Grind it in there; give 
me all your hot cum!" Wes moaned like someone in a drug 
induced state.
     I kept humping and grinding until fully collapsed on 
him.  We were soaked with sweat, and I was sure most of it 
was mine.  My mind was somewhere between earth and the moon; 
I was lost.  I had never cum that hard.
     I don't know how long we laid there, but it was quite 
sometime before either of us could move.  I was finally able 
to use my arms to push myself up, but they shook 
spasmodically.  My legs were shaking too.  I tried to pull 
my cock out of his ass, but it was locked in tight by his 
assring.
     "Easy!  Take it slow.  You fucked me so hard that it 
doesn't wanna let go!"
     We had created a sexual version of "The Sword in the 
Stone".  It was not easy getting out of him.  I had sunk my 
dick into the hilt when I came, and I had to literally drag 
it out little by little.  I was too excited by all of this 
to lose my erection.  When I was finally able to pull free, 
the noise of my exit sounded like a giant fart.  We both 
laughed until tears were rolling down our faces.  Wes 
stopped suddenly and kissed me.  We wrapped ourselves into 
one another and just kept kissing.  Wes reached down to my 
still hard dick and pulled off the rubber.
     "You're a fuckin' horny stud, aren't you?" Wes teased 
as he play with my cock.
     He pushed me fully onto my back from my side.  He began 
jerking my cock and licking and sucking at my tits.  It was 
good, very good.  I needed it; I still needed release.  I 
wanted and needed to cum again.  Wes seemed to understand 
this urgency. He kissed me passionately and stroked my rod 
faster, gripping it tighter in his fist.
     Wes scooted down the bed, switched hands on my dick, 
and began licking my balls.  I found myself stroking my own 
nipples and drifting around the universe at this feeling Wes 
was giving me.  Wes snagged a pillow and put it under my 
ass.  He made it possible for his tongue to slip once again 
into my ass.  I heard myself moan and yell at him.
     "Stick that tongue in there!  Eat this fuckin' man's 
ass!"
     Wes began sucking my dick.  He kept going up and down 
on it faster and faster.  He would go from my dick to my ass 
and back again.  When his mouth left his hand would take 
over.  I felt the load building deep in my balls.  I didn't 
want it too soon, it felt too good, but I couldn't stop it.
With his tongue buried deep in my ass and his hand milking 
my dick, I was on the verge, and there was no turning back.
     "I'm gonna cum!  Oh, God, I'm gonna shoot!"          
     Wes didn't miss a beat as his mouth replaced his hand.  
I started shooting and shaking from head to toe.  Wes buried 
my dick deep in his mouth, and I kept bucking till it was 
deep in his throat.  Cum exploded out of my cock, and lights 
exploded in my head.  I shook and bucked, but Wes hung tight 
no letting a drop get lost.  He drained out every tiny drop, 
and finally my body relaxed.  I heard Wes gulp and swallow, 
and felt him lick away any cum that was still on my rod.
     "Man, you're good." I heard Wes say as we finally sat 
up on the bed.  "Nobody has ever fucked me like that and 
make me cum."
     "Really?" I said as I lit a cigarette.
     I wasn't a very heavy smoker, but I had never wanted a 
cigarette as badly as I did that moment.  Wes' statement 
struck me as odd.  It would seem that the objective of 
fucking would be to get the other person to cum as well as 
yourself.  I had much to learn, but I had discovered a great 
deal with this first encounter.  Principally, I had 
discovered that man sex was good - very, very, very good!
     In the next few months with Wes I would discover much, 
much more.  Three or four times a week I would rediscover 
how good fucking a guy felt.  I also, unfortunately, 
discovered two weeks into our affair that Wes was married 
and the father of two kids.  I was too naive to read the 
signs and know better.  It amazed me that a guy who fucked 
women would like to get fucked himself.  After all, I had no 
desire to be fucked.  Wes helped me discover over and over 
again how wrong that concept had been.  I discovered that 
some guys like to fuck, and some like to get fucked.  Even 
some claimed to like it both ways.  Some guys liked to suck 
dick, some liked getting their dicks sucked, and some liked 
both.  For me, the jury would be out on this issue for quite 
some time yet.
     I also discovered that my endurance while fucking was 
unusual.  For a while, that made me feel good.  Too bad that 
there aren't more guys whose endurance at getting poked can 
match mine at giving it to them, or, at the very least, more 
guys who loved getting screwed more than once each session. 
     I discovered much more, but one overriding lesson was 
learned.  I learned that lusting for men didn't change me.  
I didn't suddenly develop a limp wrist, there was no added 
swish to my walk, my sense of color and design didn't get 
better, and I couldn't pick out cafe curtains if my life 
depended on it.  I was basically the same as always.  Liking 
men, being gay, bisexual, or whatever, was only another part 
of who I was.  It was not the whole just a part - a very 
enjoyable part.


		    COPYRIGHT 1992
