		      THE BEST UNCLES ARE ADOPTED
				By Randu

    Uncle Phil was babysitting me tonight.  Personally, I thought I was
getting a little old to really need a sitter -after all, I turned 10
almost two months ago- but I didn't mind when it was him.  He usually
brought along a movie to watch, something my mom and dad wouldn't let me
rent at the store and I had told him secretly to bring along.  Once I
asked him to bring "Dawn Of The Dead", but he said I wasn't old enough
for one THAT scary yet.  That made me want to see it even more, so I
kept pestering him until he finally brought it.  It was about walking
dead people eating LIVING people, and after watching ten minutes I was
closing my eyes and telling him to turn it off, it was so gross.  He
never said "I told you so" or anything, and after that I trusted him
when it came to movies.  Tonight he brought "Aliens".  I liked sci-fi
movies with awesome special-effects, like "Terminator", or "Star Wars".
    Uncle Phil was real old -I think he's 35 or something- but he was
always a lot of fun.  He had a mustache and a short beard, brown hair
like mine, and he was kinda thin like me,too.  Whenever he came over he
seemed to pay more attention to me than to my parents!  Ever since I was
real little I'd climb into his lap while he talked with my mom and dad
and demand to be tickled.  Then he'd start tickling me all over,
sometimes pulling my shirt out of my pants so he could tickle my skin.
I'd scream and yell for him to stop, but he wouldn't until I said
"uncle", and then he'd start all over again.  My dad would say,
"Ryan,Uncle Phil didn't come over just to tickle you, ya know." And
Uncle Phil would say, "Sure I did!  You don't think I'm here to see you,
do ya?" (meaning my dad).  That made me feel kinda special.  He could
play Nintendo pretty good too, sometimes even beating me at a few games.
He was kinda like a big kid.  Maybe it's because he isn't married.  He
didn't even have any girl friends, which was OK by me since I didn't
care much for girls myself.
    After my folks left he told me to get into my pajamas and he'd start
making some popcorn for the movie.  I went into my room and pulled off
all my clothes, putting on my pajama bottoms but no shirt.  Uncle Phil
would always rub me when I snuggled next to him and I didn't want a
shirt to be in the way.  It was warm in the house anyway.
    Uncle Phil looked me up and down when I came into the kitchen. "No
shirt?" he asked.
    "Nah, It's too hot in here."
    "Suit yourself.  That'll just make it easier for me to tickle you,"
he said, grinning at me.
    I went over and leaned against him by the stove, the smell of the
popcorn popping making my mouth water.  Uncle Phil made the best popcorn
of anyone I knew.  He was shaking the pot with one hand and he put the
other on my shoulder, rubbing up and down my back.  When the popcorn was
finished he salted and buttered it and said, "Why don't you get some
cans of pop and I'll take this to the TV room."
    "OK," I said, going to the fridge.
    When I got to the TV room Uncle Phil had already started the tape,
fast-forwarding through all the beginning crap.  He had told me before
that he would only show me these movies as long as I didn't start
talking like they did; you know, swearing and cussing and saying the
F-word.  Uncle Phil said only people with a small vocabulary swore all
the time, because they couldn't think of anything more intelligent to
say instead.
    I sat down on the couch beside him and gave him his pop, as the
movie started.  He put his arm around me, hugging me close, as we
munched away on the popcorn, watching "Aliens".
    I was really getting into the movie; that Ripley is one tough lady!
The popcorn was gone and Uncle Phil had put the bowl on the floor.
"Ryan, get up a minute so I can lay down."
    "OK," I said, standing up and then laying down beside him.  He was
on his side, holding his head up with one hand, and I was on my back.
    I put my hands behind my head on the pillow, hoping he would rub my
belly, and sure enough, he put his hand on me, slowly going over my
chest down to my belly-button.  His hand was soft, and it felt good on
my skin.  I think he liked it as much as I did!  Sometimes he would rub
over my titties, making them get all goose-bumpy.  It felt so good my
penis started to get stiff, making my pj's poke out a little since I
wasn't wearing any underwear.  Uncle Phil pretended not to notice, but I
could see him looking at my pants once in a while.  I wondered what it
would feel like if he rubbed me DOWN THERE, too, but I didn't know how
to tell him it was OK and I was afraid of what he might think.  I know
you're not supposed to let anyone touch your private parts, but I still
wanted him to.  I'd let Uncle Phil touch me anywhere.  I reached down
and unsnapped the top button on my pj's, trying to give him a hint, and
his fingers went just under my waistband, going below my belly-button
and over my hips.  He was only an inch away from my penis, but he still
didn't touch it.  Maybe he didn't want to because HE was afraid of what
*I* would think!  Uncle Phil woulda said it was a waddyacallit, a di...a
dil...a dilemma. I think that's what it's called, anyway.  I didn't know
what to do about it though.
   When the movie was over Uncle Phil said it was time for bed.
Naturally I complained, even though I was tired.  It was already way
past my bed-time. Uncle Phil always let me stay up late.  He didn't
listen to me though.  Instead he picked me up and tossed me over his
shoulder, carrying me to my room and pinching my butt along the way,
making me scream and wiggle.  He threw me on the bed and pinned me down
with my arms spread out and my legs hanging over the edge as he got on
his knees between them and yelled, "SMOOCH ATTACK!!" and started kissing
me all over; this was something we did every time he came over, and I
loved it, even though I yelled for him to stop.  I guess I might be
getting a little old for this stuff, but it was still fun and Uncle Phil
seemed to like it, too.  He kissed my nose, eyes, mouth, neck, smooching
real fast everywhere, going from one spot to the next like a bird
pecking at something.  Then he started kissing my chest and belly, and
my underarms, his beard and mustache making me giggle even more when it
tickled my skin.  He would even kiss my titties!  I was laughing and
trying to get away but he had me pinned.  My pj's had slid down my hips
a little and he started kissing my hip bones, then going back up to my
chest.
    When he figured I had had enough he let me go and I crawled into
bed.  I sat up and opened my arms for a hug and a kiss, and when Uncle
Phil hugged me I kissed him on the mouth, putting my lips on his and
holding them there, instead of the quick kiss I usually gave him.  I
decided to be daring; I opened my mouth a little, like I'd seen people
do it on TV, and after a second he opened his mouth too, and his hands
started rubbing my back and sides, holding me tight.  My dick got hard
again and I was breathing fast as we kissed and I wondered if this was
what it meant to be "turned on".  When we stopped Uncle Phil was
breathing fast too, and I thought he liked it as much as I did.
    "Wow!" he said, looking surprised.  "That was some kiss!"
    "Did you like it?" I asked, hoping he wasn't upset.
    "Sure, I liked it.  Just don't ever try kissing your Mom like that!"
    I giggled. "No way!" I loved my mom but that was different, somehow.
    Then he put me down and tucked me in, looking at me like he was
trying to decide something.  Finally, he asked, "Did you know there's
going to be a lunar eclipse next weekend?"
	"Really?  Can you bring your telescope over?  I've never seen an
eclipse before." He had a really cool telescope.  Sometimes he brought
it here and would set it up in our back yard, showing me all kinds of
neat stuff until my mom or dad called me in for bed.
	"Well, I was thinking maybe you'd like to come over to my place and
spend the night, if you want.  I'm sure your folks wouldn't mind, if I
asked them."
    "Yeah, that'd be great!" I'd never been to his house overnight
before.
    "OK.  I'll tell your mom and dad and pick you up next Saturday.
How's that?"
    I hugged him.  "I love you Uncle Phil." It didn't sound mushy saying
it to him.
    "I love you too, kiddo.  Now go to sleep before your folks get home
and you get me in trouble for being up so late."
    I rolled over onto my stomach, knowing that he would rub my back
until I was asleep.  "Uncle Phil?", I said, as he started massaging.
    "Yes?"
    "Are you my dad's brother or my mom's?" I had never been able to
figure this out.
    "You mean you never asked anyone before?" I shook my head no.
    "Well, actually, I'm not related to either one."
    This was a surprise.  "Then how can you be my uncle?" I asked,
sitting up again so I could see him.
    "Well, your parents and I have been good friends since before you
were born.  When you came along I kind of became your honorary uncle,
and you were like my adopted nephew.  I'm an only child like you, so I
can't ever be anyone's 'blood' uncle; but if I could I'd want a boy just
like you for a nephew." He stopped, looking at me.  "I hope this doesn't
mean you're gonna stop calling me `Uncle'."
    I thought about it.  It seemed to me the fact that he WANTED to be
my uncle made him all the more special.  I hugged him again.  "Don't
worry Uncle Phil.  You'll always be my `uncle'."
    "Good.  That makes me happy.  Now go to sleep before I tickle you
into unconsciousness," he said, poking my ribs.
    "OK, OK.  Rub my back?"
    "Of course."
    "G'night, Uncle Phil.  Thanks."
    "Good night, Ryan.  Sleep tight." I fell asleep with his hand going
softly over my back, dreaming about next weekend.


			      CHAPTER TWO

    I didn't think the weekend would ever get here but finally it was
Saturday and Uncle Phil was picking me up.  My mom put some clean
underwear, socks, a shirt, and my pajamas in a bag, giving me a kiss on
my cheek, and off we went.  I was really excited; I'd never seen a lunar
eclipse before.  I'd never spent the night with Uncle Phil before,
either.  I hoped he'd let me sleep with him.
    On the way to his house I sat right next to him, begging him to let
me drive.  Since we were on a back road he said OK.  I was thrilled!  My
dad never let me do this!  Uncle Phil said I was pretty good,too.  He
had his arm around me, and his hand was on my bare leg (I was wearing
shorts).  He always seemed to be touching me, somewhere.  I liked it,
though.
    When we got to his place it was still a coupla hours before night so
we played games on his Nintendo.  He's the only grown-up I know that has
one.  Just before dark he fixed some spaghetti and meatballs for dinner,
and after that he got out his telescope, leaving the dirty dishes in the
sink.  His house was kinda messy, kind of like my room at home.  Like I
said before, he's like a big kid, with no one to tell him to pick up
after himself.  That was fine with me.
    I helped him carry his telescope lenses and filters outside, and he
took the telescope.  I think it weighed more than I did, it was so big.
Even the tripod was taller than me.  While he set it up I went back
inside for a chair to stand on.  When I came back out he had everything
ready to go.
    "When does the eclipse start?" I asked.
    "In about an hour.  What do you want to look at while we wait?"
    "How `bout Saturn?" That was my favorite.  You could actually see
the rings around it!
    "OK, but you have to point it out, first." He thought he had me.  I
looked up at the stars, finally seeing what I thought was Saturn.  It
was in the right place, anyway.
    "Right there," I said,pointing.
    "Hmmm.  OK, what constellation is it in?"
    "Saggitarius.  The Teapot." I couldn't help smirking at him.
    "Think your smart, huh?" he said, grinning back.
    "You're the one that taught me!"
    "I guess there's no one to blame but myself then.  OK, let's get
Saturn in here."
    We spent the next hour looking at Saturn, a few nebulas, and open
star clusters, until I noticed the moon seemed to be getting smaller.
It had been full, but now a small edge was dark.  I pointed this out to
Uncle Phil, afraid that we'd miss it, but he explained that it would
take a while for the whole moon to dissapear.
    We started watching it through the telescope, Uncle Phil letting me
aim it and focus it; he trusted me to be careful.  You could actually
see the earth's shadow moving slowly across the craters!  The whole time
Uncle Phil was explaining what caused an eclipse, while I asked
questions.  He never talked to me like I was a dumb little kid, the way
most grown-ups do.  I think he liked teaching me, and I liked learning
from him.
    When the moon was almost totally gone he said that in ancient times
people thought some kind of god or space beast was eating the moon; I
could see why.  It was kind of spooky.  We didn't wait for it to come
all the way back out again since it was after midnight, and I was
yawning.  We packed everything up and went back inside.
    "Time for bed, Ryan," said Uncle Phil, tossing me my bag.  "Here's
your pajamas.  You can use the bathroom down the hall to change."
    "Are you going to bed, too?"
    "Yes, I'm going to bed too," he said.  "It's late."
    "Can I sleep with you?" I asked, looking at the floor.  I hoped he'd
say yes.
    "Sure you can.  I'd like that.  Now get your pj's on."
    "All right!" I said, smiling at him as I ran to bathroom.  I
stripped naked, pulling on my pajama pants and leaving the shirt in the
bag, the thought of actually sleeping with him giving me a hard-on as I
decided, no matter what, tonight he was going to rub me EVERYWHERE.
    I ran into his bedroom and saw him in his underpants, opening the
bed.  "Don't you wear pajamas?" I asked.
    "Nah.  Usually I don't wear anything, but since you're here I
figured I better wear these." I didn't know if he was serious or teasing
me, but I turned around and went back to bathroom, taking off my pj
bottoms and putting on my underpants.  I wanted to be just like him.
    He didn't say anything when I came back, but I saw him look at the
little bump my penis was making under my shorts.  I hoped he didn't
think I was bad or anything.  I climbed into bed and Uncle Phil turned
out the light, climbing in next to me.  The moon was almost full again
and shining through the window, and I could still see him.  I could
smell his aftershave lotion too; he smelled good.  I snuggled up next to
him and he put his arm around me, with my head on his shoulder.  Then
all of sudden he started tickling me!  He tickled my butt, my sides,
ribs, my hips; he knew all of my ticklish spots, like he had a map or
something.  I was screaming and wriggling, trying to get away -but still
LIKING it- when he grabbed me in his arms and rolled onto his back,
taking me with him and knocking the covers off, so that I was on my back
on top of him.  Then he gave me a bear-hug, squeezing the breath out of
me -but being careful not to hurt me- and tickling me some more.
Finally, when I was out of breath he quit, letting me lay there on top
of him.
    "You can rub my belly, if you want," I said, putting my arms up over
my head on the pillow and stretching out.
    He didn't say anything, but his hands started going slowly up and
down my chest to my shorts, rubbing softly over my skin and making me
shiver.  His fingers played with my titties, making them get all stiff
`cause it tickled, and then going down over my stomach.  My penis was
sticking up hard under my shorts but his hands only went as far as my
waistband.  It was like having an itch that he wouldn't scratch.  I
didn't see anything wrong with him touching me there if I WANTED him to,
so I decided to take a chance.  I lifted my butt, pulled down my
underpants and took them off, tossing them on the floor.  "There," I
said, "that's much better." I stretched back out on top of him, my dick
poking up for him to touch.  I only hoped I hadn't ruined everything.
    Uncle Phil was quiet, like he was thinking, and then his hands
started rubbing me again.  This time they kept going down, over where my
shorts had covered, over my belly and hips, and then down my legs almost
to my knees.  Then he brought his hands back up, going over the inside
of my legs, and then his fingers went real softly over my balls and my
dick -it felt like a spider- and going all the way back up to my neck.
Then he did it again, going slowly up and down my body; sometimes
stopping to rub my titties, or my belly, or my crotch, and I stretched
out as much as I could on top of him, spreading my legs so he could rub
me everywhere.
    Just when I thought it couldn't feel any better he took my penis
between his fingers and softly squeezed it, making it get even harder,
and then he started rubbing up and down it.
    "Ooooh, that feels GOOD!", I said.
    "Is this what you want me do?"
    "Oh yes!  Please don't stop.  I like it!" I could feel his penis
under my butt.  "Your penis is stiff too, isn't it."
	"Yes, it is.  It's called an erection, in case you didn't know."
    His fingers went slowly up and down my "erection", making me moan,
it felt so good.  His other hand was playing with my balls, one finger
sometimes going between my butt.  That felt good,too!  I figured out how
to use the muscle in my crotch to sort of make my penis get harder each
time his fingers went down it, making it feel it even better.  It had
never felt this good when I played with it in the bath-tub!
    Uncle Phil kept going slowly over my dick, and I started pushing my
hips up, kind of rocking, and it was feeling better and better each
time.  I was pushing my penis up harder and harder through his fingers,
going faster and faster, when all of sudden it felt like I had to pee or
something, and the next thing I knew I was jerking and yelling on top of
him and it felt like jolts of electricity were going all through my
body, going on and on until I was almost scared, it felt so good!
Finally it stopped, and I was breathing fast as I rolled off of my
uncle.
    "Gosh, what happened?!  Did something break inside of me?" I was
really surprised at how good it had felt.
    "It's called an orgasm," explained Uncle Phil.  "Nothing broke.
It's completely normal.  When you're older and you have an orgasm, or
climax, sperm comes out.  An orgasm is just about the best thing you can
give to someone you love very special.  Did you like it?"
    "Like it?!  It was great!  I've never felt anything like it before.
Can we do it again?  Oh,wait.  Can I give YOU an orgasm?  I love you,
too!"
	"I'd really like that, but are you sure you want to?"
	"Sure!  I want to make you feel good, too!" Besides, I wanted to see
what HIS penis looked like.  I'd seen my dad's before, when he came out
of the shower, but it wasn't stiff or anything.
	"OK, I guess I better take these off then," he said, taking off his
underwear.
	It was too dark in the room to see anything very good, so I got out
of bed and turned on the light, making both of us squint.  His penis was
big, and kinda red on top, and his balls were big and hairy.  He had
LOTS of hair down there, like my dad.  I sat down on the bed, staring at
it.
    "When will I get hair around MY penis?" I asked.  I didn't know too
much about this stuff, and my parents didn't seem to want to talk about
it.  I knew I could ask Uncle Phil, though.
	"Different boys start growing hair at different ages," he said, "but
usually it's around 13 or 14.  Don't be in any hurry, though.  I like
you just the way you are."
	"Can I touch it?"
	"Sure.  Just remember it's just as sensitive as yours though, so be
gentle."
	I laid down beside him and he put his arm around me, like before,
and I started feeling his dick.  It was really stiff, like mine, but a
LOT bigger, and it felt warm and the skin was real soft.  Uncle Phil had
his eyes closed, and his hand was rubbing over my butt.
	"Mmmm...That feels nice," he said. "Rub it up and down like I did
yours."
	I started rubbing my palm over it, and I guess I was doing it right
`cause he moaned a little, hugging me tighter.  I kept rubbing up and
down, and all of sudden he started jerking and moaning, and big globs of
white stuff came out of his dick, shooting all the way up to his chest!!
	"Are you OK?!" I thought maybe I'd hurt him or something!
	"Oh baby," he groaned, "that was GREAT!  Yes, I'm OK now.  You gave
me an orgasm, just like you had one."
	"Is that white stuff sperm?" I knew what sperm was.  It made babies.
	"Yes, it is.  Why don't you go get a towel from the bathroom so I
can clean it up."
	I got up to get the towel, feeling kinda proud that I could make my
Uncle get all hot and bothered like that.  He wiped himself off, and I
got back in bed.  His penis was soft now, but mine was still stiff.  He
turned on his side, taking me in his arms, and said, "Thank you, Ryan.
That really felt good." Then he kissed me!
	"You're welcome!" I said.  "Do you want to do it again?" I wanted to
see if *I* could have another orgasm.
	"I'd like to, but it's really late.  Maybe tomorrow, OK?"
	"Promise?"
	"I promise. Why don't you turn off the light so we can go to sleep."
	I did what he asked and snuggled back up to him, pulling up the
covers.  I put my head on his shoulder and he started rubbing up and
down my back, just like at my house, only this time I was in bed with
him, and we were both naked!
	"I love you, Uncle Phil."
	"I love you to, kiddo.  More than you know."
	I didn't know what he meant by that.  I fell asleep with his hand
going up and down my back, even over my butt.  I really did love him.

			       CHAPTER  3

	When I woke up I was all tangled up with my Uncle.  My head was on
his shoulder, my arm was over his chest, my leg was over his belly, and
his hand was still rubbing softly over my back, like he hadn't slept at
all.  When his hand rubbed over my butt I realized I wasn't wearing any
underpants, and I was kinda surprised, but then I remembered last night.
I rolled over on my back, stretching, and his hand rubbed over my ribs
and then down to my penis, tickling it.  It was always stiff when I woke
up, for some reason.
	"Morning, sleepy head!" he said.
	"Morning," I mumbled.  My mom said I wasn't a "morning" person.
"What time is it?"
	"Almost 10 o'clock."
	"How long have you been awake?"
	"Oh...a while.  I kind of liked having you sprawled all over me, so
I didn't wake you up." He was still playing with my hard-on.
	"I'm hungry," I said, getting up.  "What's for breakfast?"
	"Cereal, toast, milk; you know, the usual breakfast stuff."
	I threw a pillow at him and he grabbed me, turning me over on my
stomach, and started spanking my bottom.  Not real hard, but making me
yell and try to get away.  "Oooh, STOP, I have to PEE!," I yelled.  He
let me go and I got up and went to the bathroom.  I had to wait a second
before anything would come out of my erection, and I heard Uncle Phil
come in and stand next to me, both of us peeing into the toilet at the
same time.  I smiled up at him, and he smiled back.  I finished before
he did so I went into the kitchen, looking for breakfast.  I didn't feel
like getting dressed yet; it felt good walking around naked, and I knew
Uncle Phil wouldn't mind.  I found the cereal (Cheerios) and the milk,
but I couldn't reach the bowls.  Uncle Phil came in and got them down.
He hadn't gotten dressed, either.
	When we finished we put all the dirty dishes in the sink.  I felt
guilty about making this mess for him to clean up.  "I'll help you do
the dishes, if you like." I smiled to myself as I thought of what my mom
would think if she heard me say that.
	"Thanks," said Uncle Phil, "I guess we SHOULD clean up a little."
	We did the dishes in the nude, having a water fight at the sink,
both of us laughing at the suds all over.  We cleaned up the mess and
Uncle Phil said, "Since we're already wet, shall we take a shower?"
	"You mean TOGETHER?" Gosh, he was full of surprises.
	"Sure!  Why not?" he said, raising his eyebrows at me.
	"OK, I guess." This was turning into a good weekend!  It was like,
now that Uncle Phil knew that I REALLY loved him, we could do ANYTHING
together.  I was glad.  He picked me up and I wrapped my legs around
him, and his hand was feeling my butt again.  We went into the bathroom
and he put me down, turning on the water and letting it get hot, and we
climbed in and pulled the curtain shut.
	"Will you let me wash you?", he asked.
	"OK," I answered, wondering what he'd do next.  He got behind me,
going down on his knees, and started rubbing the soap all over me,
lifting my arms and cleaning under them, then going over my chest and my
belly.  Then he took the soap and started rubbing it over my crotch, and
when it got real soapy he started rubbing with his hand on my dick.  It
felt good and I started getting a hard-on, and then his other hand went
between my butt, and his finger was feeling my hole.  It sure felt good!
I looked over my shoulder and I could see that Uncle Phil's penis was
stiff too.  "You like touching me, don't you."
	"Yes, I do," he said.  "I think you're beautiful and very sexy, and
touching you makes me feel good."
	"You think I'm SEXY?!" I didn't know BOYS could be sexy. His hands
were still rubbing the soap all over my crotch, and my dick was poking up
real hard. I leaned back against him, relaxing.
	"To a guy like me you're VERY sexy.  I think you're better looking
than any girl you could show me.  That doesn't bother you, does it?"
	"No..."I was trying to understand.  I turned around to look at him,
and he put his hands on my hips.  "Are you gay?"
	"Not exactly.  I don't like men, if that's what you're thinking."
	"But you like boys?"
	"Yes, I do.  I think boys like you are the sexiest creatures on
earth.  Most men, like your dad, love women.  Some men are gay, and they
love other men.  A few, like myself, love boys.  Unfortunately, I could
get sent to jail for being a `boy-lover', so we can't tell anyone."
	"Gosh, why could they put you in JAIL?!" I didn't think he was doing
anything wrong.
	"Because it's against the law for a grown-up to have sex with a kid,
like we've been doing.  People would say you're to young to understand
what was going on, or that I had forced you into it.  It doesn't matter
what YOU think, or that you said it was OK for me to touch you."
	What a dumb world this is!  I mean, what's wrong with us making each
other feel good if we both say it's OK?  I think the world would better
off if kids were running it.  We know what really MATTERS.  "Don't
worry,Uncle Phil," I said, hugging him under the shower.  "I wouldn't
ever do anything to get you in trouble."
	"Thanks Ryan.  I knew I could trust you.  I wish I COULD tell the
whole world how much I love you."
	I kissed him.  I didn't care if we were breaking any dumb old laws.
Then I thought of something.  "Do you do this with any other boys?" I
asked.  I felt, Idunno, jealous I guess, thinking he might love someone
else, too.
	"I've only ever dreamt about doing this," he answered.  "You're the
first and only.  I was always afraid of trying to get to know a boy like
you, because somebody might have found out.  When you unsnapped you're
pj's last weekend, it was the hardest thing I ever did to stop myself
from touching you down there."
	"Why didn't you? I WANTED you to."
	"I was afraid of what you might think."
	"I wanted to tell you it was OK but I was afraid of what YOU would
think," I said.  I was right, it HAD been a dilemma.  We smiled happily
at each other, glad that everything was OK now.  We finished taking our
shower (my fingers were all wrinkly, we'd been in the water so long) and
Uncle Phil dried me off, like I was a real little kid.  I didn't mind
though, now that I knew he liked touching me so much.
	After he dried himself off we went into the bedroom.  "You promised
you'd give me another orgasm," I reminded him.  I wanted to see if I
could do it again, now that I knew how.
	"Yeah, I did," he said.  He took me over to the side of the bed and
I laid down on my back, with my legs hanging over the edge, so he could
rub me all over, like last night.  He got down on his knees, and I
spread my legs so he could get between them.  Then he grabbed my arms
and stretched me out, and I thought he was gonna yell "Smooch attack!",
but instead he said, "Can I kiss you like we did last weekend?"
	"OK," I grinned, opening my mouth a little.  He kissed me with his
mouth open too, and then I felt his tongue in my mouth!  It felt
weird,at first, but I thought it was neat.  We kissed with our tongues
for a while, and it made my dick get all stiff again.  It was poking up
against his belly, and I started rubbing it against him.  Then he
started kissing my titties!  It was like a "smooch attack", but he was
doing it real slow, and even using his tongue, making my titties get
stiff too, as he took turns sucking on them.  I had my eyes closed,
really getting into it, when he started kissing my belly, and poking his
tongue down my belly-button, making me giggle.  Then he REALLY surprised
me.  He kissed my dick!!  He had let go of my arms, and I sat up on my
elbows.
	"Gosh, isn't that DIRTY?" I mean, Jeez, I PEED through it!
	"No, it's not dirty.  I just washed it, remember?"
	"Yeah, but..." That wasn't what I meant,really.  Oh well." I guess I
don't mind if you don't," I said, laying back down.  He started kissing
it again, real soft, and then he started licking and sucking on my
balls.  It felt real naughty, but I liked it.  He took my penis all the
way into his mouth and started sucking on it, like it was a lollipop or
something, and I could feel his tongue moving all around on it, making
me shiver.  He was going slowly up and down my penis, and his hands came
up and rubbed over my titties.  I couldn't help moaning, it felt so
GOOD.  I was pushing my penis in and out of his mouth, feeling an orgasm
coming, and when it did I yelled out, and my whole body was jerking
under my uncle.
	When it stopped, Uncle Phil came up and kissed me.  "How was that?"
he asked.
	"GREAT!  It was even better than the first one!" I gave him a hug.
"I don't think I could do that to you, though.  Yours is too big."
	"That's OK.  I'm happy just doing it to you." I said I'd rub it for
him, though, and after he had his orgasm he said it was time to bring me
back home.  We got dressed, combed our hair, and went out to the car.
Uncle Phil let me drive a little bit on the way back, with me sitting on
his lap.
	When we got to my house my mom asked if I'd had a good time. "Yeah!"
I said.  "It was great!" I don't think I'd EVER had a better weekend!  I
thought I was luckiest kid in the world.  EVERY boy should have a
"boy-lover" for an Uncle!!!!
		

				THE  END
