Archive-name: Family/babs-bro.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Sister Strips


     Jerry was spending a few days with his old high school buddy, Bill,
and his sister, Barbara.  Jerry hadn't seen Bill in years, and when he
found that he would be in his town on business, he had called to say
hello.  Bill had insisted that he stay with them, instead of at a motel. 
That evening, after a good dinner, the three of them were sitting in the
den sipping wine and talking.

     "By the way, Barbara, how did your class go today?" Bill asked his
sister.

     "Great," she grinned.  "Wait until you see what we learned today."

     "I can hardly wait," Bill grinned.

     "What kind of class are you taking?" Jerry asked.

     Barbara grinned wickedly.  "Strip tease dancing!"

     "You're kidding," Jerry laughed.

     "Yeah, a group of girls talked one of their friends, who used to be
a stripper, into teaching them the bumps and grinds," Bill told him. 
"They've promised to have a party and all the women are going to dance
for all their men when they graduate!  Barbara's been giving me a preview
of what they do after every class."

     "Yeah, he really gets off on it," Barbara grinned.

     Jerry was a little surprised by Barbara's comment, but chose to
ignore it.  "How many girls are in the class?" he asked.

     "There's three of us, not counting the teacher," Barbara answered.

     "When is graduation?" he asked.

     "Tomorrow night!" Bill told him.  "I can hardly wait!"

     "He just wants to see Margie Jackson strut her stuff!" Barbara
laughed. "She's got the biggest pair of tits you've ever seen."

     "I want to watch you strut around in front of those other guys,
too," Bill said with a gleam in his eye.  "Hey, you'll still be here,
Jerry.  Maybe they'll let you go to the show."

     "Well, I thought of that while I was at class and asked if we could
bring him," Barbara said.  "All the girls want him to come.  I think they
like the idea of dancing naked in front of somebody they don't know.  Be-
sides, Gloria's husband is out of town, so we're going to be one man
short."

     "Great," Bill enthused.  "Hey, I've got an idea," he said.  "Why
don't you dance for Jerry and me now?"

     "Now?" Barbara asked, but with a twinkle in her eye.

     "Yeah," Bill encouraged her.

     "Yea, I think I'd like to do that," Barbara said.  "How about it,
Jerry.  Would you like to see me strip?"

     "Would I!" Jerry said.

     "OK, Bill, you put the tape in the stereo while I get ready," she
told him.  "And you guys sit on the sofa."

     Barbara left the room and Bill put a tape in the stereo.  The two
men sat on the sofa, facing the center of the room, Jerry on one end and
Bill to his left.

     "You're really going to like this," Bill grinned.  "This gal has
taught them some really raunchy stuff.  It's great."  But since there
were about to watch Bill's sister, Jerry figured she would only go so
far.  After all, stripping in front of your brother was not something
that he thought Barbara would really do.

     "OK, Bill, turn on the music," Barbara called from the other room. 
Bill quickly switched on the tape and got back to his seat.  The music
started and Barbara came strutting into the room.  She was wearing a
miniskirt which came down to about mid-thigh, a short blouse which was
not buttoned, just tied together below her tits, and a pair of high
heeled shoes.  She stopped in the middle of the room and slowly turned
around in front of them.  Then she began to dance, weaving and bumping
and grinding in time to the music, her long black hair tossing as she
danced, her hips swivelling smoothly with the music.

     Barbara turned her back to the men and slowly began to slide the
miniskirt up her legs, rolling her firm, round ass at them.  Jerry felt
his prick beginning to stiffen already!  This cunt was as sexy as hell,
even fully dressed.  When the skirt was just below her ass, Barbara bent
over, her legs straight and slightly apart.  As she leaned over, Jerry
could see just the bottom of the crotch of a pair of black panties!  Then
she swung back around facing them.  Rolling and grinding her hips, she
brought her hands up to her head, then slowly down to her breasts.

     Jerry didn't know where he wanted to look the most, to see what she
was going to do with her hands or to watch her crotch, where the mini-
skirt was still clinging at crotch level and promising to give a peek of
her panties again.  He decided to watch her hands as she cupped her
breasts through the blouse.  She squeezed and rolled her boobs, making
the gapping front of the blouse alternately open farther and close.  Her
hands slid down to the knot between her breasts and she slowly and
teasingly undid it.  Then, ever so slowly, she drew the blouse open,
gradually exposing the sloping insides of her tits.

     When the blouse was open almost to the nipples, she drew it up to
expose the bottoms of her breasts, keeping the nipples covered.  Then,
suddenly, she jerked the blouse wide open.  She had on pasties!

     Barbara's breasts were beautiful, large and firm.  Shrugging her
shoulders, she let the blouse slide down her arms to the floor.  Then,
slowly, she began to squat down, her knees together, but pointed straight
at Jerry.  When she reached a squatting position, she slowly began to
open her legs.  At first, all Jerry could see was the smooth inside of
her thighs.  But then, gradually, he could see the crotch of her black
panties.  When her legs were wide apart, she leaned back on her hands,
slowly rotating her pelvis in time with the music.

     "You really like this, don't you?" she asked Jerry, eyeing the bulge
in his pants.  Jerry just grinned, glancing down at the tent his dick was
making in his lap.  Hearing a zipper, he glanced sideways at Bill.  Bill
had unzipped his pants and had his dick out, sticking straight up out of
his pants, hard as a rock!  Jerry was flabbergasted at what her brother
was doing!

     Barbara stood back up and unzipped the skirt.  She let it slowly
slide down her legs and kicked it off.  Now she danced in front of them
with nothing on but the pasties, her black bikini panties, and the
high-heeled shoes.  She kicked the shoes off and turned her back, rolling
her ass at them.  Slowly, she began to roll the bikini panties down,
gradually exposing the crack of her ass.  When the panties were rolled
down below her ass, she turned to face them.  She was wearing a G-string!

     She pushed the panties down and stepped out of them.  Barbara stood
in front of Jerry, about three feet away, rolling her hips and looking at
the huge bulge in his pants.  She licked her lips.

     "If you really like what I'm doing, why don't you do what my brother
is doing, too" she teased him.  Jerry looked over at Bill and saw that he
was jacking on his prick, his fist sliding slowly up and down his hardon.

     "Yeah, take that thing out and show her how much you like her"  Bill
told him.  Forgetting that an incestuous scene was unfolding before his
very eyes, Jerry unzipped his pants and unsnapped his boxer shorts.  His
dick sprang out of the opening, standing up big and proud.  Barbara
licked her lips at the sight of the big dick, watching as he slowly slid
his hand up and down the big shaft.

     Turning her back, Barbara bent forward at the waist, giving Jerry a
view right up between her legs.  She looked back at him from between her
legs, eyeing his stroking fist.  Then she straightened up and moved
sensuously over in front of Bill.

     She leaned toward him and said, "Take one."  Bill reached out and
closed his finger tips around one tit.  He let his fingers slowly milk
their way down her breast until he got to the pastie.  Then, taking the
pastie between his fingertips, he pulled it off!  Her nipple was swollen
to a hard point.  Bill tweaked it between thumb and forefinger.  Barbara
reached down and gave the end of his dick a squeeze, then pulled away
from him.  Dancing up in front of Jerry, she leaned forward.

     "Do you want to take the other one off?" she asked him.

     "Yeah, take it off of her," Bill told him, the excitement making his
voice low and husky.

     "Wow, yes," was all he could say.

     "OK, but you have to do it with your mouth," she told him.  She
leaned forward and cupped her breasts, bringing the left one to his
mouth.  He opened his mouth and gripped the pastie with his teeth.  She
pulled back and it came off, exposing a large pink nipple, swollen to a
hard point!  Jerry let the pastie drop from his mouth as she brought the
other tit up and held the breast up to his lips.

     "Lick it," she told him.  He extended his tongue, licking the soft,
swollen nipple.  She removed that one and brought the other one to his
lips.

     "Suck her tits," Bill said, jacking on his dick.

     "Suck it," she said.  He took the nipple between his lips and began
to suck on it.  After a few moments, she pulled her tit away and straigh-
tened up, backing up a few steps.  She slid her hand down over her belly,
then slid her middle finger down under the top of the G-string.  Behind
the thin wisp of cloth, she began to stoke her clit.

      "If you want to see more, you'll have to show your appreciation,
like Bill is doing," she told him.  Jerry glanced at Bill and saw that he
had taken his pants and shorts completely off.  He was leaning back on
the sofa with his legs spread.  His big prick was sticking straight up,
his fist slowly pistoning up and down on it.  Jerry grinned and quickly
removed his pants, shorts, shoes and socks.  His dick stuck straight up
in the air!

     "Oh, yes," she breathed in appreciation, as he took his prick in his
hand and wiggled it at her.  Slowly, he began to slide his fist up and
down on it.

     "Now, show me more," he told her.  She smiled and pushed the front
of the G-string down to the top of her slit.

     "Do you like shaved pussy?" she asked.

     "Oh, yessss," he hissed between clenched teeth.  Slowly, Barbara
pushed the front of the cloth farther down her legs, exposing her slit. 
Suddenly, she stripped the G-string off, letting it slide down her legs
to the floor.  She moved right up in front of Jerry and spread her legs. 
Using her fingers, she pulled her cunt lips wide open, revealing the
glistening, dark pink interior, the thick, swollen flaps, the hard, erect
clit, alive with wetness as fuck juice oozed from her hole.

     "Keep doing what you are doing with your right hand," she told him,
indicating the hand which was sliding up and down his hard meat, "and
feel how wet I am with the other."  Jerry glanced at Bill.  Seeing no
objection from him, he obeyed Barbara's request.  He slid his hand
between her legs, his finger sliding up and down her wet slit.  He rolled
her clit with his fingertip, bringing a moan from her lips, then cupped
her pussy with the palm of his hand, his middle fingertip finding the
entrance of her drenched cunt. He let the fingertip swirl around in her
hole for a few seconds, then pushed it deeper into her.  She groaned,
then pulled back a little as Jerry's finger pulled out of he cunt with a
popping sound.

     "OK, you guys stand up," she commanded.  Quickly, they both rose to
their feet, their pricks sticking straight out.  Barbara knelt in front
of Jerry and pushed his legs apart.  She cupped his balls with one hand
and gripped his hard cock with the other, sliding her hand up and down
the length of his prick, watching pre-cum ooze from the tip.  She leaned
forward and licked it up.  Her tongue then swirled around the big knob,
drawing a moan of delight from him.

     Parting her lips, she slowly lowered her mouth on Jerry's hard dick. 
He watched in amazement as half of his dick quickly disappeared into her
hot mouth.  Slowly, Barbara slid her lips back up until only the very tip
of the cock was still in her mouth, then began to suck him back into her
mouth again.  Up and down his dick her lips traveled, her cheeks pulled
in by the her suctioning action.  Jerry couldn't believe it.  Here he
was, getting his dick sucked by his friend's sister while his friend
watched and jacked on his dick.

     "Yeah, Barbara, suck his dick," Bill encouraged her.  Jerry glanced
at Bill and saw that his fist was still moving up and down his swollen
cock, jacking himself off in time with Barbara's sucking movements. 
Suddenly, releasing Jerry's dick, Barbara stood up and moved over in
front of Bill.  She turned her back to him and bent over.  Reaching back
between her legs, she took his dick in her hand and brought it to her
cunt slit.  Slowly, she pushed back onto him, and Jerry watched his
friend's prick slowly immerse itself into his own sister's cunt.  She
held it there for a few moments, then pulled off of it.

     She moved back over in front of Jerry and pushed him down on the
sofa.  She dropped to her knees in front of him, pushing his legs wide
apart.  Slowly, Barbara took his dick down her throat again, all the way
to the balls!  She glanced up at him, and began to slowly withdraw until
only the end was in her mouth.

     Looking down at Barbara, Jerry watched her suck his dick.  She would
slide her mouth far down his dick, taking as much in her mouth as she
could, then slowly back up until only the end was still in her mouth. 
Then she would stop there, sucking on the big knob and licking it with
her tongue, then she would start the whole cycle over again.  Jerry knew
he wasn't going to last long at this.

     "Yeah, Barbara, suck him off," Bill told her, jacking on his dick as
he watched the action.  Changing her technique, Barbara began sucking
vicously on the end of his cock.  Jerry felt his balls tightening!  His
dick swelled as he felt the pressure moving up the shaft of his rod! 
Suddenly, he groaned and the end of his prick felt like it was exploding
as the first strong spurt of cum shot into Barbara's mouth.

     The cum hyngry bitch sucked on the end of his dick, her fist pumping
his shaft, as spurt after spurt of cum shot into her mouth.  Her throat
worked as she swallowed, taking each spurt deep into her tummy.  Finally,
when the spurts turned to a dribble, she took her mouth off of his prick
and began to slid her fist slowly up and down his shaft, pumping the last
of his liquid out of him.  When the dribbling cum finally stopped, she
licked the end of his dick clean, then leaned back and grinned at him,
licking her lips.

     Barbara stood up.  Without a word, she then pushed Jerry back and
stood up on the sofa, straddling him.  She brought her pussy to his lips,
holding his head with her hands.

     "Now it's your turn," she told him.

     "Yeah, suck her pussy," he heard Bill say.

     Jerry stuck out his tongue and flicked the end of her clit, drawing
a moan of pleasure from her.  He swirled his tongue around her swollen
button, then licked down along her slit, swirling his tongue in the
opening to her cunt.  He brought his hands up to her ass, gripping her
and holding her pussy against his mouth.  His tongue moved up and down
along her slit, licking her clit and her pussy opening.  He probed
between the cheeks of her ass with a finger.

     Barbara groaned when his finger found her asshole and pressed
against the tight opening.  Continuing to lick her pussy, he wormed the
end of his finger up into her rectal opening, twisting and pushing until
he had it all the way in!

     "Ohhhh, yessss," she gasped.

     "Yeah, suck her pussy and finger her ass," Bill encouraged him.

     Jerry slid his other hand up between her legs and pushed his middle
finger all the way up into her juicy, hot pussy.  He took her clit
between her lips and began to suck on it, twirling his tongue around it
as he sucked.

     Suddenly, Barbara let out a low scream, grabbing his head and
pulling his mouth tightly against her pussy.  Her body quaked and
quivered as she came!  Finally, she pulled away from him and sank down on
the sofa between him and Bill.

     Jerry looked over at Bill, who had a big grin on his face and was
still stroking a tremendous hard on!  Bill slid down on his knees between
Barbara's legs and, taking a leg in each hand and holding them up and
wide apart, slid his dick up to the balls into the hot cunt.  Jerry sat
there and watched Bill's dick glide in and out of Barbara's pussy. 
Bill's prick was glistening with Barbara's pussy juice as it slid
smoothly in and out of her well oiled channel.

     Jerry felt his prick beginning to stiffen again as he watched Bill
screwing Barbara.  Barbara's head was thrown back and rolling from side
to side.  She seemed to be feeling intense pleasure.  She looked over at
him through glazed eyes.  Spotting his hard on, she pointed at it and
motioned for him to put it in her mouth.

     "She wants to suck your dick while I'm fucking her!" Bill grinned at
him.

     Jerry got up on the sofa beside Barbara.  She grabbed his prick and
pulled in to her mouth, sucking the end in between her lips.

     "Fuck her mouth!" Bill told him, as he slid his cock in and out of
Barbara's juicy pussy.

     Barbara grabbed Jerry's ass and began to push and pull, urging him
to truly fuck her mouth.  Jerry complied, sliding his dick in and out
past her suctioning lips.  He looked back at Bill, who was leaning back
as he fucked Barbara's cunt so they could both see his prick sliding in
and out of her.

     Jerry could see the lips of her pussy opened wide as Bill's cock
slid smoothly in and out.  Her clit was standing up like a little thumb. 
She was moaning around the mouthful of cock that Jerry was fucking in and
out of her mouth.  Jerry couldn't believe how good it felt, especially
considering that he had just cum.

     "Let's trade places," Bill suggested.  "I'm about to cum, and I want
to shoot in her mouth.  My sister loves to drink my fuck juice."  He
pulled his dick out or her pussy and moved to the other side of the sofa. 
Jerry yanked his cock from her mouth and stepped down from the sofa.

    Evidently, the bitch had been too immersed in the pleasure she had
been receiving from the cocks fucking her, and their plan to switch
places for she cried out "You bastards.  You fucking bastards.  How could
you take all of that cock from me.  Somebody better fuck me.  Somebody
better fuck me right now."

     Barbara groaned as her brother then rubbed his prick across her
lips.  She opened her mouth and he slid it in.  Jerry took a leg in each
hand and raised her feet to rest on his shoulders.  He rubbed the end of
his prick up and down in her juicy slit, then he heard her groan around
the mouthful of dick as he slid it all the way up her cunt.

     "This hot cunted sister of mine just can't get enough fuck meat, can
she Jerry?  The little bitch is fucking insatiable.  Sometimes I think
she's a fucking nymphomaniac."  Jerry nodded his agreement as the cunt
surrounding his cock felt like an oven.  He watched Barbara's cheeks
alternately puff out and pull in as Bill thrust his prick in and out of
her mouth, going so deep that it looked like he was screwing it down into
her throat.  Barbara's hand was wrapped around the shaft of her brother's
dick, so she was controlling the depth of his thrusts.  Jerry was amazed
at how far she was taking it.

     Jerry looked down at his dong sliding in and out of her pussy.   Her
pussy lips were swollen thick and distended around his cock.  Her clit
was like a large red marble, sticking out so far that it bumped against
the root of his dick every time he hit bottom in her.  His dick was
covered with a thick coating of her juices, and whatever Bill had leaked
into her.  She was so wet and slick that there was almost no friction,
the sensation of fucking her being more one of intense heat than of
actually sliding in and out of a tight cunt.  It was almost like he
couldn't feel the walls of her pussy, but at the same time he could feel
them, softly surrounding his organ.

     Suddenly, Bill let out a grunt.  Jerry looked up just in time to see
Barbara's fist pumping quickly up and down on his shaft as she madly
sucked on the end of his dick.  Jerry thought he could almost see Bill's
dick throb as he pumped spurt after spurt of cum down his sister's
throat.  Barbara's throat was working madly as she tried to swallow
everything he was pumping into her mouth, but some was leaking out the
corners of her mouth.  Finally, Bill's cock slipped from her mouth,
leaving a thin string of cum from her lips to the end of his prick.

     Jerry saw the wild look in her eyes and knew that she was very close
to coming.  He began to thrust visciously into her, ramming her so hard
that her tits rolled back and forth.  She began to gasp, then to moan. 
She arched her back and thrust her head back, her eyes clinched tightly
closed.  Suddenly, she let out a low-pitched scream and began to quiver
all over.  She was coming!!!

     As Barbara came down from her orgasm, Jerry just held his dick still
in her, buried to the hilt in her pussy.  When she finally opened her
eyes and looked at him, he just grinned at her.

     She licked her lips and grinned lewdly at him, then began to roll
her pelvis around his dick.  He realized that she still wanted more.  He
withdrew and thrust into her again, then again.  Suddenly, Jerry pulled
back and completely removed his dick from her pussy.

     "Nooooo," she moaned, feeling the sudden empty feeling when he
withdrew.  He slid his dick down past her pussy, down between her cheeks. 
When she realized where he was going, she pushed against his shoulders
with her feet, not to push him away, but rather to elevate her ass.

     Bill, who had collapsed on the sofa beside them, raised up to watch
what was happening.  He saw Jerry take his dick in his fist and rub the
end around and around Barbara's puckered asshole.  As he rubbed it around
her ass, the head seemed to screw its way in just a little, her ass
opening to allow the tip to move up inside just a little.  When the
entire knob was in, Jerry paused just a moment.

     With the knob of his dick inside Barbara's hole, Jerry paused for a
moment.  He knew that the slick coating on his cock would allow him to
bury it to the hilt in her ass with one thrust if he wanted to, but he
wasn't sure that would be wise.  His dick was about the same length as
Bill's, but it was somewhat thicker.  If she wasn't used to one quite
that thick, it might hurt going in.   He decided to test her.

     Using short strokes, he began to slide it back and forth in her butt
hole.  She moaned as he withdrew and thrust forward.  Jerry could see her
asshole open to accept his shaft, could feel the clasping walls surround
his cock as each thrust carried him a little deeper.  He was using about
half the length of his dick, and he could see her asshole pucker in and
disappear as his shaft slid in and then seem to grasp his shaft and
resist as he pulled back out.  Suddenly, with a grunt of pure lust, he
lunged forward, suddenly shoving the entire length straight up her ass. 
Her eyes popped wide open as his dick slid balls deep up her ass.  She
let out a groan, then a smile began to spread across her face as Jerry
began to pump it in and out of her, fucking her ass with long deep
strokes, using the full length of his dick.

     "Wow," he heard Bill say.  "Now that's ass-fucking!"

     Barbara groaned in agreement as she rolled her ass around the invad-
ing thrusting prick.  Jerry's pistoning cock was sliding smoothly in and
out of her now well lubricated butt-hole.  Jerry glanced sideways at Bill
and saw that his dick was hard again.  He was sliding his fist up and
down it, stroking it in time with the big dick going in and out of his
sister's rectum.

     Jerry was rubbing Barbara's slit with his forefinger in time with
the strokes of his dick in her ass.  She was moaning again, obviously
nearing another climax.  Jerry, too, was nearing another climax.  He felt
his balls tightening, felt the swelling, rushing sensation in the shaft
of his dick.  Grabbing her legs, he pushed them up until her knees were
against her tits, spreading them wide for his assault.  He began banging
her vigorously, slamming his prick in and out of her ass hole, his hips
slapping against her ass cheeks.  She let out a groan and began quivering
all over as she once again passed the peak of climax.  Jamming his dick
to the hilt in her soft ass, Jerry groaned as he came, spurting shot
after shot of semen deep into her bowels.  Suddenly, Bill raised up and
moved up over Barbara, jacking on his prick furiously with his fist.  He
let out a gasp as he began to spurt, shooting his load all over his
sister's heaving tits.

     Jerry withdrew his wilting cock from her ass and gently let her legs
down.  She opened her eyes and grinned at them.

     "Wow, guys, now that is what I call getting royally fucked!"  she
told them.  They both laughed and grinned their agreement.
--
