                                  SITTING PRETTY 

         I'm a twenty-four year old,  happily married male who is  fortunate
     to have a very sexy wife and a year-old daughter.  As my wife an I both
     attend Georgia State in the evenings,  we have hired a baby-sitter  who
     lives a couple of apartments down from us.  Cindy is fifteen and is the
     prime example of the  just-developed teenaged girl--slender and  firmly
     built with long blond  hair which she usually  wears up along with  her
     tight jeans and too-small tee shirts (though she does wear a bra).  She
     is a good friend of my wife and  often comes down to talk to her  about
     her latest boyfriend or to watch TV.  Needless to say, I welcomed these
     daily visits of hers.  She is extremely sexy without being aware of  it
     in the least.  Her face and gestures are so childlike and yet her  body
     is just on the verge of ripening into  full maturity.  Some of her  tee
     shirts are so small  that they ride  up on her  body, leaving her  flat
     stomach  bare  above  the  top  of  her  jeans  and  causing  me   many
     masturbatory fantasies as I  dream of her sliding  that firm body  over
     mine.

         A couple  of weeks  ago I  returned  home from  my class  a  little
     earlier than  usual (my  wife and  I attend  different classes,  and  I
     usually get  home about  an hour  before  her) and  did not  see  Cindy
     anywhere.  When I  walked into our bedroom,  I couldn't believe what  I
     saw.   With the  lights  on, Cindy  was lying  on  the bed,  her  pants
     unzipped and pulled down, with her underwear to her hips.  Both of  her
     hands  were  between  her  legs   and  were  working  violently   away.
     Instantaneously, my prick began to  go up like a  crane, and I felt  my
     knees collapsing.  She was masturbating so furiously that she must have
     been just on the verge of orgasm.   I don't think she even saw me  come
     in the room.

         I couldn't help myself.  I  stepped closer, unzipped my pants,  and
     began to jack off.   When I reached the  bedside and stumbled into  the
     side of the bed, she looked up, not in the least bit startled,  slitted
     her eyes and, crooning with pleasure, rubbed herself faster and faster,
     keeping her gaze focused on my cock.

         As my presence  did not  seem to upset  her (except  in a  positive
     sense), I lost any fears I might have had and began rubbing my dick  on
     her cheeks and neck.  I pulled her tee shirt up and pushed her bra over
     her breasts without unfastening it.   I've never seen a more  perfectly
     rounded pair of breasts in  all my life.  The  bottom of the bra  strap
     compressed the tops of her tits, forcing her breasts to bulge  outward,
     making the pink nipples stand straight up like points on the end of her
     stiff tits.  She began to run her left hand over them, smearing her own
     pussy juices over the  nipples as her fingers  kneaded and pinched  the
     tender flesh, drawing more blood to engorge them and deepen their color
     to a dark red.

         "Rub it there," she  whispered.  I obligingly  moved my prick  down
     her neck to her chest  where she massaged both it  and her tits at  the
     same time,  using her  erect nipple  to part  the slit  and caress  the
     tender underside of the purple head.  She looked me straight in the eye
     and opened her  mouth, using  her tongue to  lick all  around her  lips
     while I felt my cum boiling up from my balls.  When my wad came out, it
     was like hot water being shot from a syringe.  There was an  incredible
     amount of it, and I sprayed it  on her neck and cheeks after the  first


                         Quality Erotica from Solitaire 
     stream caught her right across her  face, leaving a white trail  across
     her chin,  lips  and nose.    She reached  out  her tongue  and  caught
     whatever drops were running  close to her mouth  and then pulled me  so
     that she could stick just the head  in her bright red lips, sucking  on
     it as her right hand  speeded up on her clit,  her body lifting off  of
     the bed as she arched upward, jamming two fingers into her vagina.  The
     spasms shook her body for a  full minute during which she continued  to
     stare in  my  eyes and  suck  on the  ticklish  head of  my  cock,  the
     combination causing my prick to remain hard.

         I pulled her pants and socks off and licked her legs from her  feet
     up to her vulva, spending  a great deal of time  on the insides of  her
     thighs until she  was shining with pleasure.  Her cunt was so wet  that
     it had soaked a large spot through  the bedspread.  She bent around  so
     that we were in the sixty-nine position and sucked on my cock,  getting
     the seven inches  inside her hot  mouth with some  difficulty, but  she
     sure did try!  When I was again on the verge of blowing my wad, I heard
     a noise and looked up from between  Cindy's thighs.  There was my  wife
     standing in  the doorway.   It  was  like in  a dream  or a  vision  or
     something.  I was so far into another world that I wasn't about to stop
     now for anything.

         But then the most fantastic  thing happened.  Instead of  screaming
     or throwing things, my wife started undressing, removing her blouse and
     pants and her underwear.  She has an excellent body and is actually not
     much older  than Cindy  with  extremely sensitive  nipples and  a  very
     large, protruding clit that pokes pinkly from her blond bush which  she
     keeps trimmed for her bikini.   She walked up to Cindy and  soundlessly
     pushed out her  pelvis, feeding  the girl  her cunt  which she  willing
     accepted.  She licked all around  it, on my wife's stomach and  thighs,
     and finally directly on the clit, jerking me off at the same time.

         My wife remained standing, squeezing and kneading her own  breasts,
     pulling her erect nipples  with her fingers, with  her eyes closed  and
     head tilted back.  Cindy used my cock to rub against her clit,  forcing
     the sharp miniature  penis to  penetrate my  glans, causing  me to  cum
     forcefully all over  my wife's stomach  and cunt before  Cindy took  me
     into her mouth  again to suck  the last cum  directly onto her  tongue.
     Then she went back to my wife.

         I had seven orgasms that night in a period of about three hours.  I
     don't know how many the girls had, but they both seemed quite satisfied
     even though they  had to use  the large battery  operated dildo when  I
     could no longer function.

         The most incredible thing is that  they have been having an  affair
     for about  three weeks.    They are  both  bisexual and  Cindy  finally
     decided that she was going to get me to participate in their lovemaking
     sessions.  We've gotten together about the times in the last two weeks,
     whenever Cindy can  get away from  her parents.   Just this  afternoon,
     when I arrived home from work, Cindy was completely naked and lying  on
     the kitchen table tied with ropes,  her legs spread wide apart and  her
     breasts bound with  twine.  My  wife was between  her legs fucking  her
     with a large, strap-on dildo while Cindy's blindfolded head rocked side
     to side with the pleasure.  I quickly stripped and got behind my  wife, 
     rubbing  my cock up her ass while she  pistoned into  Cindy's  cunt.  I 


                         Quality Erotica from Solitaire 
     grabbed the can of Crisco from the counter and greased my cock,  making 
     it shine in the bright lights from the kitchen.  ÿAs my wife shoved the 
     dildo deep into Cindy, I ÿpositioned my cock at the entrance to her ass 
     and waited for her to shove backward.  ÿSince she had never let me fuck 
     her ass hole, ÿI ÿwas anxious to see what she would do.  ÿShe seemed to 
     hesitate ÿsomewhat as she felt the pressure of my cock head, ÿbut ÿthen 
     she ÿtook ÿa deep breath and impaled herself on my prick, ÿdriving ÿits 
     entire length up her anal cavity.
         
         As Cindy groaned for more, ÿmy wife also got more, more cock up her 
     ass, ÿÿmore ÿfingers pulling her erect nipples until all ÿthree ÿof ÿus 
     spasmed into a fantastic orgasm.  ÿWhen her sphincter grabbed my ÿcock, 
     it felt like a velvet vise squeezing all of my cum out of my balls.  My 
     fingers ÿquickly found her clit and rubbed it back and forth, ÿÿcausing 
     her ÿto continue to rock back and forth on my softening cock.  ÿWhen ÿI 
     pulled ÿfrom her ass with a 'plop', ÿshe turned to me and told me ÿthat 
     tomorrow they planned to tie me up and to use the dildo on me, ÿturning 
     my ass into a cunt as they ravaged my virgin ass hole.  ÿI'm not sure I 
     want ÿto ÿcome ÿhome tomorrow, ÿbut if I don't, ÿI ÿcan kiss ÿall ÿthis 
     goodbye. 



                         Quality Erotica from Solitaire 


