                              - Chapter One -
                                 The Clinic

Ann was stunned as she hung up the phone. She'd known John had been going
to the Centre's clinic about his headaches and stomach problems, but didn't
know he'd been seeing a lady shrink.

He'd mentioned he'd seen the psychologist who'd given him some relaxation
and meditation exercises to follow, and they had seemed to help. But he'd
never mentioned seeing another doctor, and a young woman at that, from her
voice.

Now, the doctor wanted to see her next week at 4:30 during John's "session"
whatever that was all about, and talk with her about helping John with his
problems.

Dr. Whetmore had said not to say anything to John about their conversation
or next week's visit, which had seemed strange, but then she didn't want
John upset. She had assured Ann there was nothing to worry about, but she
felt Ann could really help John with his problems and help him on the road
to recovery. She'd said she'd seen this in lots of young executives who
were under terrible strain to produce as they moved up in their careers.

John was the Director of Public Relations for the Centre and had just taken
over this position from his predecessor about a year ago. It was just about
6 months ago that John had started getting these headaches and stomach
aches that had sent him to the Centre's clinic.

About that time he'd come home and told Ann that he thought there was some
"funny business" going on with the way the clinic was run, but that he
needed more evidence before he told her more.

He was always such a straight arrow, and with the amount of government work
the Centre did, he felt it his duty to find out if there was something
going on that wasn't right. He'd occasionally tell her things about some of
the research the clinic did, but since much of it was 'hush hush' he
couldn't tell much except it involved some high tech "brainwashing" and
"mind control" stuff.

Much of the work the Centre for the Advancement of Psychology, or CAP as it
was called by the employees, did was just normal psychology research with
rats, and such or studying which colors had what affect on people, and
relaxation methods and techniques for stressed out executives or high
ranking government people.

It was a fast paced environment and there was a lot of stress, so CAP ran
its own private health clinic with a full range of services from general
medical to addiction rehab, to psychology and psychiatry.

John had gone to the clinic about 3 months ago and lately it seemed to have
helped. His stomach aches were far less freguent and his headaches seemed
to go away when he closed his eyes and just let himself relax. He seemed to
hum some silly mantra or something, kind of like a familiar lullabye, but
it seemed to help and he was in a much better mood, except when Ann brought
up the subject of starting a family.

With John at age 33 and she at age 30, she felt it was time, and she badly
wanted a baby before it was too late. She was surprised at how few of the
women she knew whose husbands worked at the clinic had children, but they
seemed to poo-poo it by saying "We have our pets, and careers, and besides
these silly men are just like children anyway."

Many of the wives worked right at the Centre, and many of them worked in
the special daycare where workers and local townspeople received excellent
daycare and nursery care for their pre-schoolers, but Ann so far hadn't
been interested in a "career", especially with other people's children and
babies.

                     the Visit and the Secret Revealed

The week had gone uneventfully, and John seemed much better. He'd been
sleeping so soundly, he'd wet his bed twice that week, but Ann didn't have
the heart to scold him or make fun of him. He seemed embarrassed enough
when he woke up and had to change his bed and PJs.

He'd been listening to some tape or something the doctor had given him, but
all Ann could hear was music and nature sounds. It seemed very relaxing and
soothing, but Ann didn't have time for that nonsense.

Finally, Friday afternoon at 4:25 Ann sat waiting for Dr. Whetmore, when
Dr. Rotman came out and invited her into his office to "talk" before they
went in to see John and his associate.

While they talked, Dr. Rotman explained that much of John's problems were
due to the stress of his job, and this silly "investigation" he'd started,
and finally decided to drop. His pressure and the strain were making him a
little paranoid, seeing "bogey men everywhere" as Dr. Rotman explained it.

While the doctor was talking he kept playing with a small shiny ball on a
thin metal chain, kind of like a pendulum, and Ann was fascinated by it as
it swung back and forth, back and forth, back and forth, with a gentle,
steady rythm, and the soft click, click as it hit the other ball. She found
it hard to concentrate on what the doctor said at first, but then it seemed
so much easier, as she relaxed and just listened to him while she watched
the ball.

Finally, the doctor said "Let's go see Dr. Whetmore and John, Ann so we can
find how to help John with is problems."

Ann found herself rising and taking the doctor's arm as they walked slowly
to the room at the end of the hall, and the doctor kept talking slowly and
softly to her reassuring her everything would be alright, just as long as
she accepted John's problem and helped him to get over the stresses he was
feeling.

As they entered the room, Ann saw an attractive young woman sitting in a
chair beside a couch talking to a man who was lying on the couch with
headphones on and with a small tube going into his arm. He was covered with
a blanket up to his chest, and Ann could see his feet were bare and he was
fast asleep.

As Dr. Rotman introduced the woman, Ann learned she was Dr. Janet Whetmore,
a psychiatrist who dealt with special problems like John's. Dr. Whetmore
talked softly to Ann for a while, and Ann began to really trust Dr.
Whetmore and to like her as though she were a long time friend and
confidante.

The two doctors exchanged knowing smiles, then Dr. Whetmore offered Ann a
glass of juice which she gratefully drank. After a few seconds she felt
very "alive" and "able to listen" to Dr. Whetmore and hung on her every
word.

Dr. Whetmore explained she was a psychiatrist who dealt with special
problems, called paraphilia. She explained these were fetishes or sexual
interests in objects or things, like feet, or clothing or a special time in
life. She explained many men wanted to dress up in women's clothing, and
this was called transvestitism and the "love of womens' clothing". She
explained that a lot of men in important positions, like John's, found the
stresses of everyday life caused them to want to escape into an easier
life, where they had no responsibilities, and a time when they were cared
for as babies.

These men wanted to wear baby clothing, and be dressed as babies,
especially in diapers and baby panties, and to wet their diapers like
little babies.

Unfortunately, their desires and their positions created further stresses
and conflicts and this sometimes made them sick, especially if there was
stress at home, or they were afraid their wife wouldn't accept their
fetish. Then they could get really sick and have a breakdown.

Ann felt very sad, and sorry for these type of men. How could their wives
be so mean as to deny them this outlet for their stresses. The doctor had
explained these people were called infantilists, who loved to dress and
play as babies, but didn't want to actually play "with babies" or children
at all. They just wanted to be babied and loved the way a mommy loved her
little baby.

In most ways they were as normal as any man, and could be capable lovers
and supporters, but needed to be babied sometimes to relieve stress and
escape from the pressures of their demanding roles and jobs.

As Ann thought about this it seemed to make so much sense, and besides here
was this learned doctor, her new friend, explaining it all softly to her,
and telling her she felt it was alright.

Finally, Dr. Whetmore said "John is an infantilist Ann. He wants to wear
diapers and baby panties, and be treated as a baby sometimes to help him
relieve the pressure of his job. That is why he has been so sick,
especially when you told him you wanted to have a new baby in your family.
It made him think you wanted someone new to love and care for and that you
wouldn't accept the baby inside him and let it come out.

John is lying here now, Ann and has been listening to a special tape I made
for him to help him feel better physically and to help him feel better
about himself. He also has been receiving an IV with pentathol in it so we
can talk to him and ask him questions and get the honest answers.

Would you like to talk to John and ask him about his being a baby, Ann ?"

Ann paused for a second, while she thought about her husband, the 33 year
old executive, being a baby, then finally said "I'm not sure, but I should
find out. If that's what he needs to get better, then I should know how to
help him. I do love him, and don't want to hurt him !!"

"Very good Ann, come and sit over here, where John can see you and you can
talk. I'll speak to him for a few minutes then you can ask him questions."

As Ann pulled her chair over closer to the couch, she recognized the young
man now as her husband John. The doctor talked to John for a few minutes
and finally said "John, your wife Ann is here now and wants to talk to you.
She knows you want to be a big baby, and to be her baby, so you can feel
comfortable about talking to her. Be a good boy and answer her questions
honestly and properly, just as you do for me."

To Ann she said "Go ahead, Ann, ask him anything you want."

Ann hesitated at first then said "John do you feel better knowing I know
you want to be babied ??" to which he replied "Yes, much better." then
asked her "Do you want to baby me ??"

Ann didn't know what to say for sure, but finally said "I think so, but I
don't have much experience. What do I have to do ??"

At this, Dr. Whetmore interrupted, and said "Ann, you just have to treat
John like a baby. Love him, take care of him. Feed him when he's hungry,
help him get dressed, and change his wet or dirty diapers when he need
changing. You can do that can't you ??"

At first Ann seemed a little shocked by the idea of changing diapers on her
husband, but then as the doctor told her it was just like playing dolls,
and when she used to babysit for the babies in her neighbourhood, she
decided it was easy and would be Ok.

Finally, Dr. Rotman gently pulled down the blanket, and Dr. Whetmore talked
to Ann, "See Ann, John is wearing diapers and baby panties just like a
little baby. He wet his diapers too, like a little baby. John likes to wear
diapers and to wet them like a baby, and needs his diaper changed now, just
like a little baby. You can do that can't you Ann."

As Ann said "Yes", the doctor led her over to the couch and gave her a
fresh diaper. She had some difficulty at first, and John seemed to squirm
around a bit, but as Ann talked soothingly to him, much like a mother with
an infant at changing time, he settled back, and Ann finally got the diaper
on him and the panties pulled up.

Ann felt a small pin prick in her arm, then began to feel very sleepy, yet
her mind seemed sharp and clear and she could hear her friend talking to
her. She could see herself taking care of John at home at night and on
weekends, with John crawling around and playing in a big playpen. She was a
happy mommy now with her baby around the house, and loved changing his wet,
or messy diapers.

John was much happier now, and a very good baby. Sometimes he was more like
a little boy, but always his diapers reminded her and him that he was still
a diapered baby.

The doctor told her she would give Ann two sets of tapes to listen to for
the next week until their next session. One just for John and one for Ann.
They should listen to the one with words each evening before bed, then the
one with the music all night. This would help them accept their new roles
of mommy and baby much easier and help John get better and feel better much
sooner.

Each week from now on, they would come together for their appointments, and
Ann should keep John diapered at bedtime from now on, and whenever possible
around the house. If John started wetting his pants during the day, she
should scold him like a toddler and then put him in daytime diapers too.

It was Ok for John to wear diapers at work, since many of the other men
wore diapers too, to relieve stress. Later on Dr. Whetmore would introduce
Ann to other mommies who had big babies at home, so they could exchange
ideas and babysit for each other.

Ann found herself warming to these ideas, and began to like the ideas of
having John toddling around the house in just a diaper, panties and Tshirt.
If she wasn't to have any little babies at home, at least she could have a
big baby at home.

Soon, both John and Ann were sitting chatting with the doctors, and Ann
found herself quite relaxed discussing the "needs" John would soon have. A
diaper bag, about 2 dozen cloth diapers and a dozen plastic panties, some
bottles and perhaps some special rompers and playsuits.

====

                           Back to the Beginning

As Ann and John left, Dr. Whetmore smiled to herself. She turned to Dr.
Rotman and said "You were a good boy today Danny. I guess by now you need
your didees changed too don't you Snookums ??"

Dr. Rotman seemed to change before her eyes. He started snivelling and then
spoke in a little boy voice "Yes nana, me all pissy. Need didee change
peez." and Dr. Whetmore proceeded to have him lay down on the couch and
gently changed his soaking diapers then gave him a bottle and talked gently
to the sleeping baby.

In about a half hour, the two doctors left for home. Danny was meekly
carrying his diaper bag and teddy in one hand while he held "nana's" hand
with his other hand.

As she drove home, Janet mused to herself. Since coming to the Centre 6
years ago she never dreamed how successful this would be. She smiled as
they passed the town limits and she read the sign "Coucheville" and
translated from french to english, Diaper Town.

It was appropriately named.

Dr. Whetmore had worked in psychology and behaviour research for nearly 15
years, with 7 of those spent working on special government "brain washing"
and behaviour modification projects for various intelligent agencies. She
had learned her trade well and was considered one of the best behaviour
modification specialists in Canada, after leaving the US government service
to take up this position.

When her friend, Dr. Joyce Lovely, had told her of the need for a new
directory of Abnormal Behaviour, Janet had jumped at the chance. Funding
was virtually unlimited since many major corporations poured money into the
Centre for their research into buyer motivation, and the US and other
governments funded special projects for modification studies.

Janet's specialty had always been paraphilia, the love of objects or things
not normally related to sexual acts. In private practise she had learned
quite a bit about what motivated certain individuals to want to wear
clothing normally reserved for the opposite gender, or to wear leather or
rubber. What had always fascinated her, though, were the infantilists or
adult babies. They wanted to wear baby clothing, especially diapers, and
then wanted to use their diapers like little babies, and be changed or fed
or treated as much like babies as possible.

As she studied this particular group she learned many of them had deep
seated ties back to their baby or infant years and longed for the
sensations of soft baby clothes, the feelings of uncontrolled urination or
defecation and the resulting sensations of wetting or filling their
diapers. The sense of helplessnes and complete lack of responsibility
associated with being a baby gave them similiar feelings of
irresponsibility for their actions, allowing them to do or feel whatever
they wanted.

When the US government first approached her she couldn't understand why
they wanted her especially, but as the interviews and security clearances
were underway she soon understood. They wanted her to develop programs to
instill the feelings and desires normal for a transvestite or infantilist,
then associate these with strong guilt feelings to let them get control of
various undercover enemies or individuals the government wanted to control.

In the 6 years she was allowed to develop her "programs" she continued to
"treat" outside patients, particularly the TV and adult baby patients, to
help increase their feelings and release their inhibitions as fully as
possible, and then learn their motivations, the "hot buttons" that turned
them on so to speak, until she knew exactly what to do to "create" a TV or
adult baby personality from scratch. In the final two years several
antigovernment leaders had been programmed to become adult babies or TVs or
better yet sissy babies, male adult babies who wanted to dress and act like
baby girls, and then had their compulsions put them in compromising
positions where their credibility was shot.

Finally, she'd had enough and working on her director with her advanced
hypnotic and conditioning skills managed to effect her release from the
government service.

When Joyce had explained the setup at the Centre, and told her of her
ultimate plan, Janet was shocked, disbelieving and enthralled.

Coucheville was originally a regular town, but as the Centre grew in
importance, and became the main employer, then the sole employer the town
slowly died and the Centre families where the only inhabitants. This made
it an ideal location for the government work the Centre did. Noone would
ask questions.

Joyce had used her own considerable skills with hypnosis and subliminal
programming to get control of the two original senior directors until she
had the virtual control of the Centre and its unlimited source of funds.
Over a two year period, each of the male executives was programmed to obey
her. This way, the men still kept up the front of a male dominated and
controlled organization, which kept the government happy, yet Joyce was
actually at the head controlling the men.

Unfortunately, Joyce found the strain of constant programming and creating
a submissive personality also began to breakdown the men's effectiveness at
work, and soon they "burned out", and became useless except for menial
chores or minor functions where creativity or decision making capability
was not required.

As they talked, Joyce and Janet formed a devious and very effective plan.
Janet would use her incredible knowledge and skills to develop the same
effeminate or infantile drives in the men that they needed to control, and
would then work on the women to continue reinforcing these desires and
controls at home. The men would still be able to function normally but
would be as dependent on their "mommies" or nana as babies. The TV converts
would be shamed into obedience for fear of exposure.

For the first 2 years, half the men had been feminized and half had been
infantilized. Finally, they decided the adult babies were much easier to
control than the TVs, since fear and shame often resulted in poor
performance. The "babies" were trained to lose all bladder control at all
times, and both bladder and bowel control except when meeting with
outsiders like government officials. The constant wearing of diapers
reminded them of their dependence on mommy or nannies.

Finally, the wives were brought into the picture and were programmed to see
their husbands as babies at all times, and then come to work at the Centre.
Many were secretaries to their baby husbands and fed the necessary
instructions to their husbands just as they fed them their formula bottles
or baby food. Those husbands who didn't require a secretary would find
mommy in the daycare centre or nursery and go their for their meals and
changes whenever possible.

As Coucheville grew, the Centre developed its own schools, medical centres
and all the facilities a small town would need, with the best teachers,
doctors and facilities available.

As Joyce and Janet discovered the one problem became procreation and the
existing children born prior to the new programs.

They developed a program to have the women not want other babies, since
they would always have their baby husbands around. When it was necessary
for a woman to give birth to keep the population at necessary levels,
certain husbands would be allowed to "make a little baby for mommy". At all
other times mommy was completely happy with baby's tonge being artfully
applied to the desired location, or could listen to a special tape for half
an hour and experience orgasmic heaven while they listened.

The existing children were all "programmed" as required. Girls were taught
to be dominant and independent. They were trained to keep the boys as
babies as much as possible. The boys who were already toilet trained were
retrained and back in diapers in just a week or so. Once in diapers, the
baby feelings, needs and desires were emphasized until their personalities
developed into the dependent, submissive nature of most babies.

Boys with good intellects and skills were educated at the Coucheville
schools and taught an accelerated program to develop the particular skills
they required for the job they were to learn. This way a skilled workforce
would always be available.

A few girls and young women were similiarly trained to keep a balance of
skilled and necessary workers.

Over the last year, not a single male was toilet trained, and all wore and
used diapers constantly. The 25 males who had reached maturity and were
ready to marry were "prepared" and matched with suitable females, and then
fully introduced to a life of complete babyhood during their honeymoon
period. Therafter they were obedient, diapered little submissives for their
mommy who kept them in line and ready to do whatever was required of them.

John, with whom she and Danny Rotman had just finished the 10th session,
had been the first, and the last outsider to come to Coucheville.

He had come to Coucheville 2 1/2 years ago, when the Centre needed some
fresh public relations talent. The present director of PR had been one of
the original TV submissives, and had begun to be ineffective at raising the
funds they needed for their special training program. Somehow both she and
Joyce had slipped up on making sure John was properly indoctrinated, and it
wasn't until John had started his "investigation" abuot a year ago that
they realized their mistake.

Janet had had John's work area equipped with a special "white noise"
generator, which actually played subliminal messages that would cause his
stomache aches and headaches simulating stress from overwork. Finally, John
had gone to the Centre's clinic to see Dr. Rotman, Janet's personal 'pet',
for treatment.

Danny had introduced John to the new "relaxation" and "meditation"
treatments for stress, which in actual fact were subliminal conditioning
and hypnosis techniques she'd developed to lure unsuspecting new trainees
into her program. John had been particularly resistant to hypnotic
suggestion, and finally Janet had had to take over his "treatments" once
Danny had him under.

The last 4 sessions she'd used two new drugs the Centre had developed for
the government to break down a person's resistance to hypnotic programming
to ensure John accepted her suggestions. When he started wetting his bed
last week, she knew he was well on the road to diapered domination. Now she
just had to prepare his mommy to accept her proper role.

Ann at least was a much easier subject, and Janet was sure she would
willingly and easily play her role once she listened to her own tapes a few
times. Next week's visits should be VERY interesting.
====================


                              - Chapter Two -
                              A New Beginning

As Ann and John drove home, she kept fingering the small package Dr.
Whetmore had given her. She really liked Dr. Whetmore, and hoped she could
help John with his problems.

It seemed a little "silly" to have her grown husband in diapers, but if
this was what he needed to get better, then so be it. Besides she'd always
like playing dolls and dressup when she was a little girl, and when she was
babysitting she had always liked looking at the little boys when she
changed their diapers.

She even remembered one boy who was 12 years old when she was just starting
to give up babysitting. She was 17 then, and had learned quite a bit about
boys and girls, and had even felt some of her boyfriends getting hard in
their pants when she rubbed them the right way. They seemed to like it when
she pressed gently on the front, but most of them just became helpless and
engrossed in what she was doing to them, until they came in their pants
like babies wetting their pants.

Ann had like playing with this 12 year old boy who still wore diapers
because he was a bedwetter, and watched him get all funny looking when she
changed his diapers and rubbed him with baby lotion. He seemed to go in his
diapers too, but he never got them sticky like her older boyfriends, and
usually peed his diaper right after he got soft again, so she'd have to
change him to put him back to sleep.

Now her husband of 8 years was wearing diapers, and was going to start
using his diaper just like the little babies Ann had babysat for so few
years ago.

They got in the house and Ann prepared dinner for she and John. They talked
animatedly about the revelations of this afternoon with the two doctors,
and both felt comfortable discussing John's baby needs. After dinner, as
John pulled out the plug from the sink he wet his diaper.

Turning to Ann he said "Please, Annie can you change my diaper. I'm all
wet." to which Ann replied "C'mon now John you can still change your own
diapers. You're not a little baby yet !!"

Just yesterday these words would have seemed so strange to Ann, but already
she was beginning to accept the inevitable change in her and John's
relationship.

Reluctantly, John went to their room and changed his own diaper, returning
to the living room wearing a big blue disposeable diaper and Polo shirt.

As they sat looking thru the material Dr. Whetmore had given them, Ann was
amazed at how much their was for adult babies, as most of the infantilists
were called. An organization in California, called DPF had a regular
newsletter, and magazines and tons of stories for adult babies. They even
had special big cloth diapers and baby panties, and cute baby styled
clothing for big babies. The man who ran DPF, Tommy, was a big baby
himself, and sure looked cute in his rompers and diapers.

There were other magazines from Infantae Press in Seattle, Washington, and
a lady in California, named Florence, who ran Amber E. They all had lots of
letters from big babies who were so happy to be able to return to their
bottles, and diapers and panties and having found mommies or daddies to
take care of them when they needed some babying.

Ann particularly found an article entitled "The Mommy Solution" from DPF
helpful in understanding John's needs. She almost felt like crying after
she read it, wishing she could be a mommy to all those babies in search of
a mommy.

As she put down the last article, she noticed it was almost 9:30. They'd
better get going if they were going to listen to their special tapes then
get to bed. She noticed John was wet, and said "Get you diaper bag for
mommy John. You need your didee changed."

It felt strange, but natural, especially after reading the Mommy Solution.
Ann wanted to try and help John.

As John dutifully returned with his diaper bag, Ann told him to lie down,
stripped off his wet diaper, then powdered him, put on a fresh disposeable
diaper, then put his headphones on him, connected to his personal cassette
tape player and switched on the tape for him. Then she sat opposite him in
her easy chair and switched on her own cassette player.

In minutes, both had their eyes closed, looking to all like they were sound
asleep, while their subconscious minds absorbed Dr. Whetmores suggestions
for their new life, as baby Johnny and mommy. Their minds were like empty
sponges soaking up Dr. Whetmore's suggestions and instructions.

Ann was "learning" to be a good, stern mommy and to keep baby Johnny in his
diapers and plastic panties as much as possible. Johnny was reliving the
pleasures of babyhood, the feelings and sensations of warm wet diapers, and
squish messy diapers. The feelings of helplessness and dependence as he wet
or messed his diapers uncontrollably or waiting for mommy to give him his
bottle.

When they woke up, Ann viewed John in a new light. He seemed somehow
smaller, more defenseless, like a baby needing mommy's protection. John too
felt differently about Ann. She was now the stronger, the one who would and
could give him what he craved and needed, if he was a good little boy and
did what she told him.

Ann looked at his sodden diaper, and jokingly but sternly said "Well, you
are quite a little pisser aren't you. Get up to beddy bye and I'll change
your diapers for bedtime. Looks like you're going to need a nice, thick
diaper to get thru the nited aren't you sweetie."

John smiled then meekly said "Yes mama. I need thick diapers 'cuz I wet a
lot at niteenites. Thank you mama." and toddled off to their bedroom.

Ann giggled at the sight of her husband toddling up the stairs in his
sodden diaper. He actually looked like a toddler with a load in his diaper
the way he was walking.

Ann seemed to know there were a couple of "special" diapers in John's
diaper bag, and as she took them out, was shocked at their size. They were
huge, but designed just like the ones she'd seen for little babies in the
department stores a couple of years ago. They were made with 8 layers of
thick cotton flannel, and then had another insert made of another 8 layers
of flannel sewn in at the top and bottom.  That meant John would be wearing
16 layers of thick flannel in the diaper, which was kind of like quadruple
diapering a real baby. He probably wouldn't be able to walk with that much
between his legs, but then where did he have to go. The bathroom was "out
of bounds" while he was diapered, and those special locking diaper pins she
found in his bag, would make sure of that.

She found it kind of "kinky" as she thought of trussing her husband up in
these super thick diapers, then locking them on with the heavy locking pins
and keeping him that way until morning. As an after thought, she took two
baby bottles she'd almost missed out of the bag, and filled them with warm
water and cranberry juice. Somehow she seemed to know this combination
would make him wet more heavily during the night, so he'd be sure to wake
up in very wet diapers the next morning.

Just as she hoped, John had put out his changing pad and mattress protector
on his side of the bed, and was lying there waiting to be changed. She
gingerly removed the wet diaper, thinking "The little bugger must have wet
again to be this wet." then cleansed him off with a big baby wipes. Next
she liberally spread vaseline all over his bottom and took extra pains with
his weewee and front noticing the effect her gentle massage was having on
his penis. Just before it looked like he'd "erupt" she pulled the thick
diaper up between his legs, leaving him with a stiff hard on tucked safely
in 16 layers of diaper flannel. The pins snapped in place in a flash and
then on went the plastic panties.

All this fooling around was making her horny, but with John all trussed up
in his diaper, what was she to do. Then an idea struck her. Babies were
supposed to be very oral, so let's see how oral baby Johnny was.

"Johnny, mommy got you all ready for niteenites, but mommy wants some
lovings from her baby. Can you make mommy happy too ??"

John said "Sure hon, just let me get these off then I'll really show you
some lovings, then you can get me ready for beddy bye again. Huh.... What
the heck ??"

"Oh no Johnny. Once mommy puts your didees on for nitee nites they have to
stay on until mommy changes you in the morning. Besides, babies who have to
wear diapers shouldn't have their little weewee outside their didees and
panties, or they might have a nasty accident and peepee all over the bed or
mommy.

I think you know another way baby can make mommy very happy !!" and Ann
gently but firmly pulled John's head to her chest then put her nipple just
inches from his mouth.

John didn't need another hint, and soon was sucking and tonguing her
nipples, arousing her to new heights of pleasure. As Ann gently pushed his
searching mouth downward, he found a new "nipple" to suck on and with Ann's
urging soon learned to use his lips, tongue and mouth to bring her time and
again to the heights of ecstacy.

John felt a new calm, peacefulness and a sense of helpless dependence on
this strong woman who was his mommy now, and as he felt her quiver for the
5th time, felt his bladder emptying hotly, uncontrollably into his diapers
and felt like he too was reaching the heights of orgasm, except his little
weewee was softly, limply being bathed in his peepee as he helplessly wet
his diapers uncontrollably while pleasing his mommy.

Little Johnnie was learning his lessons well, and would find himself soon
conditioned to repeat his lessons over and over again.

As Ann came down from heights she'd never know possible she could faintly
smell the urine in John's diapers and pulled him gently towards her breasts
again. As John suckled calmly, contentedly she began gently rubbing his
diaper at the front and soon felt the swell of his manhood. She kept saying
"Johnnie likes the feeling of his warm, wet diapers doesn't he ?? It feels
so nice to be in wet diapers sucking mommy's titties like a little baby
again doesn't it ?? Mommy loves her baby Johnny. Good baby Johnny wants to
wet his diapers all the time so mommy can make him feel good too."

John's subconscious was clouded by the sensations in his mouth, his diaper
region and especially in his cock as Ann gently stroked his erection in his
warm, wet diapers. Soon he was oblivious to everything except the
sensations and her words, and he KNEW it sure felt good to wet his diapers
and to wear wet diapers like a baby.

As he came explosively, Ann kept saying "Good baby Johnny, you're wetting
your diapers again. It feels so good to wet your diapers. Good baby." and
John's helpless subconsious made the indelible connection between the
pleasure of orgasm and wetting his diapers helplessly. He was hooked and
convinced wetting his diapers made him feel this good.

Ann, his wife of 6 years, was turning him into a helpless wetter and he
loved it.

As they drifted off to sleep, Ann turned on John's headset, then her own,
and they both slept soundly, deeply, letting their subconscious minds
absorb the pleasures of their new roles.

Tomorrow would see another small phase in the growth of their relationship,
until Dr. Whetmore took them to the next platform.

==========================================================

                              A New Day Dawns

Ann was awakened to the warm wetness of John's overflowing diapers. He'd
wet so heavily during the night he'd supersaturated the diapers, leaking at
the pantlegs and wetting the changing pad and the bed. His loud sucking had
also served to wake her, and she gently pulled his thumb from his mouth and
gave him the remainder of his bottle from last night.

Obviously he'd taken the one bottle and drained it himself during the
night, while she slept, and started the second before going to sleep again.
At any rate, he sure was wet. She'd try a little test and see how he felt
about it.

As John finished the bottle, he seemed to wake himself, and Ann said "Well
sleepy head, you sure slept soundly last night. How's it feel to wake in
pissy diapers, like a little baby."

To her surprise, John said "Mmmmm, it feels real nice. It's so nice and
warm and make me feel peaceful. Thank you for helping me Ann. I know I can
be a good baby for you."

Ann smiled, then said "Well pissy pants, time to get you up, changed and
then off to work. You've still got a job to do and you can't stay in those
sopping diapers all day or you'll get a horrible rash. Off you go to the
shower.

I'll have to think of something different for tonite, so I don't wind up
sleeping in a puddle too. One bedwetter in the family is bad enough,
especially one who wets as heavily as you do. Now off with you."

John swung his legs over the side of the bed and stood up, then almost fell
down as quickly as he'd gotten up. "Jeez, these diapers must have a couple
gallons of pee in them. They weigh a ton. Can't you change me here, then
we'll figure what to do ?"

"No way. You're too wet to be changed here. Besides you're still a grown
man, even if you do need diapers, so you get into the shower any way you
can. Crawl if you have to, but move it !!"

Obediently John tried again, but found there was no way he could walk with
the sodden mass between his legs. Crawl he did. Just like a little baby,
only with the heavy sodden diapers he even had trouble crawling.

Ann laughed at the sight of her 33 year old husband crawling to the shower,
in soaking, sodden diapers and then remembered the locking pins. As she
heard John get into the tub enclosure, then yell "I can't get these off.
Can you help me please Ann ??" she started to laugh, kind of sneeringly and
said "That's no way for a good baby to talk. Ask me nicely in a sweet baby
voice to please change your pissy diapers, and I'll consider it."

Reluctantly John started asking and eventually satisfied Ann by saying
"Pweez momma change pissy baby Johnny's pissy baby diapers. Pweez momma."
and Ann laughingly released the diaper pins letting the sodden diaper fall
to John's feet.

After his shower, John came out to get ready for work. Instead of his
regular briefs, Ann had laid out a pair of thick, terry cloth pants, kind
of like trainer soakers toddlers wear while being toilet trained. John
yelled down to Ann "Hon these aren't what I wear to work, what gives ???"

His baby personna was receding as he got ready for a day at the office, and
the idea of wearing baby training panties was repulsive. Sure he needed
diapers at night time, since he was such a heavy bedwetter, but training
pants during the day, no way.

Ann shouted up sternly, "Ok Mr. Pissy pants. You may think you're all grown
up, but the evidence against you is in the washer now, or did you already
forget the condition of your diapers half an hour ago. Now I want you in
those trainers, and dressed and down here for breakfast in five minutes or
else !!"

Meekly John put the trainers on. They felt strange, yet somehow comforting.
Maybe they wouldn't be so bad after all. They felt kind of like diapers,
but not quite so bulky.

As they had breakfast, Ann explained "I know you haven't had any daytime
accidents for quite a while, but we don't want to take chances. You've been
wetting quite heavily at night again, just like you did when you were a
baby in diapers all the time, so the training panties are a precaution. If
you have a "little" accident, it shouldn't be so bad you get your trousers
all wet. Just be careful and pay attention and go potty when you first feel
the need.

Remember now, if you wet your pants at all, it's back into diapers for you
during the daytime, too !!"

John hung his head and said "Yes ma'm. I'll keep dry. Sorry I yelled
earlier, it's just that I'm not a baby anymore. I don't need baby pants at
work."

Ann just smiled, handed him his bag with two spare pair of pants, and said
"We'll see about that."

Ann started her walkman with the music cassette and went about her
housework. As she proceeded she made a list of things she'd need. Enough
flannel for a dozen diapers, 4 more pair of plastic panties, two of the
large bottles she'd read about and one of the neighbours had said she could
get at the local pharmacy in the back of the store.

Then she looked at the DPF magazine again, and the Carloyn's Kids catalog
and ordered a dozen of the special extra thick diapers in print patterns,
and the print nursery styled panties. She ordered 3 shortalls, two rompers,
6 pairs of sleepers and two large soothers as well.

When she was done, she figured this would be a good layette to start with,
and with her sewing talents she could make more cute baby outfits for
Johnny.

Finally, she phoned the store Dr. Rotman had told her about. She was
surprised they would deliver this afternoon, no trouble, and set everything
up for her.

By the time John was due home, Ann had transformed the den into a passable
nursery. A large padded table served as changing table, with shelves of
diapers, panties and necessary pins, powder and lotions. A toy box held
large stuffed toys, some big hard rubber balls, and a cute large Roly Poly.

But the piece de resistance was the special bed. It looked now like a
regular child's bed, with low mattress, two pull out drawers underneath,
and a head and foot board. The beauty was it could easily be converted into
a full size crib, big enough for the biggest baby, complete with locking
side rails, large musical mobile to attach to the headboard and if needed a
locking top.

Ann felt the extra touch of a private stereo system with speakers at each
end and both sides of the bed would be a nice touch, and make it easier for
Johnny to listen to his special tapes in the nights and weeks to come.

This was going to be fun having a new big baby at home. She wondered how
Johnny was making out.
===========================================
