                                TEENAGE BABYSITTER

         I'm a sixteen year old blond with a good figure (36C - 24 - 36) and
     I've been told  that my face  is truly beautiful.   I'm the  homecoming
     queen at North Springs and I've been a cheerleader since I was 6  years
     old.  Recently I baby-sat for a  young couple that just moved into  the
     neighborhood from California.  After Al and Barbara left, I  discovered
     a magazine rack  loaded with  foreign-language pornographic  magazines.
     Wow!  What sexy pictures!  Couples fucking and sucking in all sorts  of
     positions, men fucking men  and women going down  on women.  The  whole
     assortment made me  so horny that  I started playing  with my  breasts,
     rubbing the nipples through my bra and pinching the tender flesh  until
     they stood up proudly, pushing against the cotton material.  I took off
     my sweater and  pulled the cups  down so that  my tits were  completely
     exposed and I could watch  my nipple flesh bounce  back and forth as  I
     rubbed my fingers over  them.  I  got so hot  that I had  to cum, so  I
     stripped off my panties and fingered my slit until it got real wet  and
     slippery so  that my  fingers slid  easily over  the head  of my  clit,
     bringing me to two quick climaxes.  I used the crotch of my panties  to
     sop up the juices coating my pussy and stuffed them in my purse just as
     the Johnstons returned.

         When they came in, the magazines were still on the coffee table and
     they teased me about having looked  through their "collection".  I  was
     embarrassed, but they really didn't seem to care so the whole thing was
     laughed off.  When Al drove me home, he asked me whether the  magazines
     had excited me, and I told him  they certainly had.  When we parked  in
     front of my  house, he leaned  over and kissed  me sweetly, his  tongue
     parting my lips and swishing around in my mouth.  I felt his hand on my
     breast, fondling  it through  my sweater  and I  grabbed his  hand  and
     crushed it against my tit, letting him feel the hardness of my  nipple.
     He unbuttoned my  cardigan and let  his fingers roam  across the  soft,
     white flesh that  was exposed at  the top  of my bra.   His  fingertips
     slipped  under  the  bra  and  worked  their  way  to  my  nipple,  the
     anticipation of  his slow  movements  making my  pussy begin  to  juice
     again.  Finally  his fingers  found my  nipple and  began stroking  and
     rolling it, teasing it into greater hardness.   "Suck it," I said as  I
     slipped the strap off my shoulder and  pulled the cup so it exposed  my
     breast.

         His mouth was  like an  oven, warming  and drenching  my nipple  in
     saliva.  I felt his  teeth drag gently across  my nipple as his  tongue
     danced with its rosy hardness.  As  he sucked my tit into his mouth,  I
     felt his hand  sliding up  under my  skirt, caressing  my soft  rounded
     thighs.  I spread my  legs slightly to give him  access, and he sat  up
     and looked at me when his hand found my naked pussy.  "No panties?"  he
     questioned.  I  opened my purse  and pulled out  my panties, the  sweet
     aroma of pussy juice  filling the car.   I rubbed  them over his  face,
     letting him drink of my  erotic smell as my  hand found his hard  prick
     poking down his pants leg.

         "Let's get in the backseat, Lorry,"  he whispered.  "I want to  eat
     your pussy."  The minute we were in the backseat, he spread my legs and
     began to lick and suck the sensitive skin just above my knees,  letting
     his wet tongue leave a trail of moistness to my pussy.  No one had ever
     done that before!  His tongue in my pussy sent me to heaven.  I felt it
     pushing my clit up and down as  it swept wetly across my slit,  running


     ú                  úQualityúEroticaúfromúSolitaireú

     from the top of my slit to my  hole and back again.  He fucked me  with
     his tongue as his nose rubbed my clit.  My climax almost made me faint,
     but he wasn't through!  He sucked my clit between his lips and  whipped
     it with his hard tongue, making it feel like it was growing and growing
     as I felt his finger, moistened in my juices, sliding into my ass hole.
     He controlled me with his  finger.  Every time  I tried to squirm  away
     from his mouth, his finger would drag me back.  I loved the feeling  of
     his finger as  his mouth brought  me to three  more orgasms, each  more
     powerful than the other.  Finally I forced his head away and lay  there
     panting, unable to move.

         As he got up off the floor, I  saw that he had pulled his cock  out
     of his pants.  He  straddled my prone body  and began rubbing his  fuck
     stick across my nipple.  I  reached up and touched the head,  marveling
     at the velvety smoothness of its mushroom shape.  I felt some moistness
     at the slit and rubbed it over  his head, the sensation causing him  to
     gasp.  "Kiss it," he pleaded.  I hadn't done that either, but I  leaned
     forward and gave it  a quick peck, tasting  the salty sweetness of  his
     cum on my lips.  I remembered the pictures and opened my mouth, letting
     him push it in.  "Suck it...suck me until I cum," he said, and I  began
     to suck as he pistoned  in and out.  The  sensation of the softness  of
     the head contrasting with the rock hardness of his shaft was neat,  and
     I could tell by his moans that he was enjoying what I was doing.

         Suddenly, his motions became more violent and he tried to drive his
     cock deeper in my mouth, nearly choking  me.  I felt something hot  and
     wet fill my  mouth as  he came in  three separate  squirts, filling  my
     mouth with his salty cum.  I had to swallow or gag, but some still  ran
     down my chin.  I  pushed him away and  started coughing as I  swallowed
     the last of his love juices.  "That was wonderful," he said, and I  was
     glad since I wasn't sure that I had  done it right, and I so wanted  to
     return the pleasure.

         A week later my mother told me that they wanted me to baby-sit  for
     them again, and I could hardly wait.   I dressed in my sexiest bra  and
     bikini panties, anticipating another  bout with Al  when he brought  me
     home.  When he picked  me up, he told me  that they really didn't  want
     me to baby-sit,   they wanted   me to   see their   pornographic  video
     tapes. Maybe, he added, all three of us  could  have some fun.  He  put
     the  car in the garage and asked me   if he could give my  pussy a  few
     licks.   I spread my legs, putting one on the seatback, and pulled  the
     thin crotch of my bikini to  the side.  I  felt his tongue  painting my
     pussy  with broad strokes  as my aroma started to  fill the car.   Just
     before I could cum, he stopped and sat up and said that we'd better  go
     into the  house before he came in his pants.  When we got in the house,
     Barbara put her arms  around me, rubbing her  breasts into mine as  she
     said that she  was sure we would have some fun.

         We sat on the sofa as Al put a tape in the VCR.  I never saw movies
     like that!  The sight of all those cocks and pussies and tits and asses
     got me  so horny  that I  couldn't stand  it.   Barbara unbuttoned  her
     blouse and pulled it open.   She only had half  a bra which pushed  her
     tits into rounded mounds of soft,  white flesh above the rosy  hardness
     of her nipples.   I  watched her fingers  pinching and  pulling on  the
     protrusions, tweaking them into prominence.  She leaned over and kissed
     me, her hand bringing mine  to her tits where  she rubbed my palm  over
     the erotic firmness.  I felt fingers  at the buttons of my sweater  and


     ú                  úQualityúEroticaúfromúSolitaireú

     the cool air felt good against my fevered skin as Al pulled my  sweater
     off.  I had  worn my lowest cut  bra, and I felt  Al's hand pulling  my
     tits from the cups,  the material cutting into  the tender flesh of  my
     underbreast as they pushed my breasts upward into melon-shaped  mounds.
     I felt  each of  them  take one  nipple  in their  mouths,  alternately
     sucking and licking.  Barbara bit into my nipple and I felt an electric
     shock run from my tit to my pussy.  I reached under my skirt and  began
     to finger my clit through the front of my panties.

         "Did I tell you that Lorry sucked my cock, Barb?" Al said laughing.
     "I'll bet she'll eat your pussy...won't you, Lorry?"  Barbara stood  up
     and started stripping.  She was beautiful!  When she removed her skirt,
     she was wearing  a garter  belt and stockings,  just like  some of  the
     women in the  movies.   She had shaved  her panty-less  crotch and  her
     pussy lips were swollen and poking  out of her slit, the prominent  bud
     of her clit quite visible.  She pulled  me to my feet and both of  them
     undressed me,  leaving me  completely naked.   Barbara  led me  to  the
     bedroom and pulled the covers down, leaving the satin sheets to  caress
     my back as they lay  me across the bed.   Barbara knelt above my  chest
     and began  to rub  her  slit across  my tit,  her  clit and  my  nipple
     bouncing off each other.   She worked  her way up  until her pussy  was
     right in front of my face.  Remembering  how Al had sucked my pussy,  I
     ran my tongue up and down  her cunt, tasting the erotic juices  flowing
     profusely from  her pussy.   My  face and  mouth were  coated with  her
     juices as I felt her climax wash over her body, causing her to slump on
     my face, shutting off my breath.  I struggled as she raised up and  lay
     down beside me, saying, "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to gag you.  It  just
     felt so good to feel your tongue and mouth on my pussy that I  couldn't
     control myself."

         By this time Al had come to the side of the bed by our heads and he
     stroked his massive cock as he watched us cuddling.   "Let's both  suck
     him off," Barbara suggested  as she tilted her  head so he could  slide
     in.  I watched his cock, glistening with her saliva, piston in and  out
     of the ruby red "O" formed by her soft lips.  Her cheeks were distorted
     by the size of  his maleness, and  they hollowed as  she sucked on  the
     outstroke.  He pulled back and fed me his cock.  I duplicated Barbara's
     motions, wanting to compete with her to bring him pleasure.

         He alternated  between our  mouths, driving  his cock  deeper  each
     stroke, until I was able to take nearly all of it in one motion.   "I'm
     cumming!" he said as Barbara pulled him from her mouth and directed his
     cum to splatter on  both our faces, the  sticky whiteness running  down
     into our mouths.  I  opened my mouth and let  him fuck my throat as  he
     got softer and softer, Barbara's tongue washing the cum from my face.

         I felt Barbara's mouth  slide wetly over my  neck and chest as  she
     worked her way to my tits.  She ran her mouth around and around my tits
     but she wouldn't touch  my aching nipples.   I reached down and  forced
     her head to cover  my nipple, pressing her  face into the firm,  tender
     roundness.  I jumped as I felt her teeth dig into the end of my nipple.
     Her teeth pulled my nipple upward,  dragging my tender tit with it  and
     making my  whole breast  elongate as  the pain  increased.   "Stop...Oh
     please stop...you're making my nipples hurt," I complained, and Barbara
     started licking and sucking on it,  soothing the hurt from my  tortured
     tit.  I felt her tongue wash wetly into my navel as her fingers  parted
     the thick, blond bush and exposed my  clit.  She blew a cold stream  of


     ú                  úQualityúEroticaúfromúSolitaireú

     air across my clit, causing it to sit up even higher as it searched for
     the warmth of her mouth.  Finally,  she got her tongue and mouth  right
     on my  clit, sucking  and licking  the sensitive  bud until  I  started
     cumming.

         From somewhere, I felt a hard object  pressing at my ass hole.   It
     slipped in, lubricated by  the juices dripping from  my cunt.  Soon,  I
     felt another and  another marble-like ball  shoved up my  ass (later  I
     learned that  these were  Ben-Wa balls).   Barbara  brought me  to  one
     climax after another until I was sated, my legs and arms sprawled as  I
     lay there completely exhausted.  "Would you  like Al to fuck you if  he
     wears a rubber?"  Barbara asked.   I nodded  "yes", too  tired to  even
     speak.

         Al got on the bed, his large cock fully revived.  Barbara stood  at
     my head and pulled my  legs up so that my  knees were on my  shoulders,
     completely exposing my pussy  to Al's maleness.   He arched himself  so
     that he was suspended  only on his  hands and feet,  his hard rod  just
     inside the entrance to  my pussy.   With one hard  shove, he drove  his
     cock all the  way in,  his hardness spreading  my tender  vagina as  it
     fucked me like an animal.  I felt  the head of his cock rubbing up  and
     down inside me,  the shaft  brushing against  my clit  as he  continued
     fucking me.  I was completely helpless!  Barbara had my legs imprisoned
     and Al had me impaled  on his rigid staff.   Just as I started to  cum,
     Barbara let my legs go and went to  the other side of the bed.  I  felt
     the balls being pulled from my  ass hole, the pain/pleasure driving  me
     over the edge into a mind-blowing orgasm.  As she pulled more balls,  I
     continued cumming, one wave of pleasure washing over my body as another
     followed right behind.

         Al still hadn't cum, and his fuck stick kept riding up and down  my
     cunt, making squishing sounds as my juices lubricated his motion.  "Use
     your pussy  muscles  to  squeeze  his  cock,"  Barbara  urged.    As  I
     concentrated on my inner muscles, Al groaned and said, "God, that feels
     like a velvet glove caressing my prick."  I started a rhythmic  motion,
     my pussy alternately clutching and releasing his prick until I felt his
     spasms start and he drove all  the way home and stayed there,  grinding
     his pelvis into my clit.  I loved  it!  I came again with him, my  body
     wracked with pleasure.

         In the weeks to come, I often "sat" for the Johnstons.  They played
     different videos, and  we acted out  the scenes from  the movies.   One
     time we  even tied  Barbara to  the bed  and put  clothes pins  on  her
     nipples and clit while Al  whipped her with his  belt and I fucked  her
     ass with a twelve-inch dildo.  But that's another story...














     ú                  úQualityúEroticaúfromúSolitaireú


