
[ May the porno's continue... ]
 
           Rick O' Shea 
                         In combination with
                                              Buster Hymen
                             Proudly Present...
  
                     Erotic Literature Volume 1 Issue 5
 
:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:_:
 
        Call these Boards.
 
Affordable Harbor............................................408/249/7599
SiliCon Chip (20megz)........................................408/866/4295
M0DeM CycLe !!1!!............................................408/745/7524
 
:+:+:+:+:+:+:+:+:+:+:+:+:+:+:+:+:+:+:+:+:+:+:+:+:+:+:+:+:+:+:+:+:+:+:+:+:+:+:
 
                I was a neighborhool nympho babysitter
                --------------------------------------
 
        It all started out as a perfectly ordinary Saturday night--and ended 
up as a perfectly wonderful one, one which may have changed my sexstyle 
forever.  Since I live at home with my parents, I often babysit for neighbors
to earn enough money to continue my studies at a local junior college.  Ours 
is an average, middle class neighborhood and the people are nice, though I 
have to admit that until that night I never thought of any of the people I 
worked for as sexy.
 
        I guess curiosity just got the best of me that evening and I ended up
sampling a bit more than the Jameson's than I'd expected.  The Jameson's--
that's Dick and Kathy, a nice looking couple in thiere early thirties.  I sit
for thier one year old, Jason.  He's a good baby, very quiet and well behaved,
and that's why I was so suprised that night when Dick came back that evening
after being gone only a few hours.  He said he just wanted to look in on Jason
and see how he was, but I could sense that something was up.
 
        Dick finally admitted that he and his wife, Kathy, had had a fight at 
the party they'd been to and that he had left her there.  She was to spend the
night with a girlfriend, he told me, and in the meantime, could he pay me to
stick around for a few hours and take care of the baby?  I'd be glad to, I 
said, and after I phoned my parents and told them the situation, they gave me
permission to do whatever I had to do.
 
        When I returned, Dick had made me a drink and the baby was sleeping. 
I could sense that he needed someone to talk to and so I instinctively gave 
him my shoulder to lean on, never thinking that for a minute that it would 
lead to sex.  But before long, Dick appologized for blabbing away about his
troubles and asked me about my boyfriends, asking me to tell him what I liked
about the opposite sex.  One thing lead to another and soon the feeling of
closeness, we became enveloped in a warm embrace.
 
        It wasn't long before he led my hand to his zipper, I leaned in and
removed his cock.  Falling to my knees, I slowly wrapped my lips around it.  I
would have given anything to see the expression on his face then, but as it 
was, I had to take his throbbing erection as my sole evidence of how much he
appreciated what I was doing with him.  I closed my eyes to savor the taste 
and feel in my mouth, slowly running my tounge along the ridge of circumcisiun
 
        I could hear Dick's sudden gasp on pleasure as my mouth closed around
his cock.  His hand dug into me hard, pulling me closer as his hips thrust 
vigorously back and forth.  I closed my eyes again, sucking hard and eagerly
at his thick eight inches.  I could feel the head of his prick slam the back
of my throat with each powerful thrust and this excited me all the more.  The
feel of his hard, straining cock in my mouth awakened a savage hunger in my 
I'd rarely known before. but couldn't wait to satisfy.
 
        He was fucking my face with short, hard strokes by then, but I loved 
it and wanted more.  I took him in as much as I could each time, but I wanted
it all, imagining in my mind's eye that it was my hot, wet cunt he was fucking
  His big prick slid in and out of me as the wet, slurping sounds filled our
ears.  Dick was breathing hard and pressing my face in so far my nose was 
against his pelvic bone.  my tounge slid all around his cock, feeling each 
pulsing vien press my cheeks out.  I couldn't help frigging my clip, I was so
excited by this forbidden enterprise!
 
        Dick's hands tightened in my hair, but I kept his prick deep in my
mouth, eagerly awaiting the hot, jetting spurts of cum I could feel building 
up in his testicles.  Then I felt the hot blasts, hot and wet and sticky.  I
sucked hard squeezing his sperm-bloated balls and trying to draw out the last
percious drops and savor the delecious taste.
 
        To my complete surprise, I began coming myself just then.  of all the
guys I had sucked, no one had ever given my an orgasm before, at least not 
with out eating me as I blew him.  My pussy contracted again and again, 
sending waves of pleasure throughout my body.  I took my hand out of my pussy 
and held onto Dick's pride for dear life, gasping for air through my nostils
as the final spurts of jism filled my throat as I gulped them down.
 
        By the time I had composed myself enough to let Dick's cock slip out o
f my grip, I was in for another suprise.  I could my breath, licked the last
of the jism and opened my eyes.  Standing in the doorway was Kathy, Dick's 
wife!  Dick saw her at the same time I did and his body tensed as I jumped 
back, ready for anything.
 
        Not a word was spoken as Kathy came towards us.  I was already on my
feet, smoothing down my skirt and looking for a place to hide, when Kathy put
her hands on my shoulders and looked deeply into my eyes.  "This couldn't be
what I thought it was, could it?", was my first thought as her hands touched
my shoulders.  one part of me felt sure the woman was going to strangle me 
then, while the other part felt a strange, unfamiliar tingling in my loins.
 
        Itensed momentarily, then relaxed, as Kathy's hands cupped and s
queezed my breasts.  I found myself kissing her, slowly and deeply, her tounge
probing the depths of my mouth, and bringing the heat in our bodies to full
flame.  We pressed in hard against eachother, running our cunts together as
shamelessly right in front of her husband as our tounges intertwined.  I could
feel her hands unbuttoning my shirt as we kissed and soon her hands had a firm
grip on my titties.  She was pinching each nipple between her thumb and fore-
finger as we ground against each other.  The focus of lust in my cunt grew 
unbearable.
 
        Somehow or other the three of us managed to stumble and trip our way 
into the bedroom.  Dick was part of it now, helping me take off my skirt as he
assisted his wife in slipping out of her bra so I could touch her soft, full
breasts.  Kathy's breasts are much bigger than mine, and I;d always envied 
her that, unconcousily.  But now I couldn't wait to wrap my lips against each
nipple and suck them like her infant son.
 
        With all three of us naked on the bed at last, Kathy spread her legs
for me gas I hovered above her.  My gaze was drawn, as if be a magnet, to her
soft, warm pussy and I reached out my hand hesitantly to touch it.  Dick was
behind me, his hands cupping my tits as he leaned over my shoulder.
 
        "Kiss it, baby.  Eat my cunt, " I heard Kathy whipser and I was irr-
esistably drawn to it.  Dick got around beside me and put his hand on the back
of my head, gently pushing me down into Kathy's clit.  I was immediately 
rewarded with a gasp of pleasure from her as she lifted her hims and puched 
Dick's hands out of the way so she could bury my face in her own beutiful 
pussy.  I swept my tounge across her cunt lips, up and down, and shot my 
tounge deep inside her when I hardened it into a stiff pink "V".
 
        I wriggled in to get closed to her as Kathy's hands gripped my hair
and held me firmly in place.  My haunches were high in the air as I twisted
my neck and shoulders to get my tounge in deep.  Anything to give her pleasure
in this, my very first time with another woman.  Kathy's moans and screams of
pleasure were enthusiastic, telling me how well I was doing each time I 
touched her clit.  The only time her hands left my hair was to spread her
luscious pink cunt lips wider.
 
        Dick had grown hard and stiff again just from watching all the action.
He got back around me, kneeling in mych the same way that I knelt behind his
wife's sweaty thighs, and began playing with my pussy, checking it for sweaty
ness and occasionally spreading it downwards with his hands.  At the same time
I could sense him taking his blood engorged cock into his hand and testing my
asshole and cunt.
 
        He would stick just the tip in my pussy and sweep gobs of love juice 
down into my anus.  Then he would try me there, prodding against the tight,
puckered oppening with insistent force.  Finally I could stand it no longer
the next titme he put his prick in my pussy, I lifted my head and pressed back
into him, so hard that his thickness was imbedded to the hild.
 
        Kathy screamed, "Oh, god, don't stop!  Don't stop eating my pussy!",
and reached up frantically to bring my head back down.  But she didn't have to
worry.  I had no intenion of stopping eating her.  Dick began pounding my 
pussy grabbing mounds of flesh at my hips as he straightened his back
and thrust into my with merciless intensity.
 
        Kathy was beside herself be then as the tension and anticipation of 
climax mounted withing us.  She was squirming about on the bed so frenzied 
that I could brealy keep her still long enough to find her sweet pussy and
eat it some more.  But when I did find it, her shuddering climax seemed to
trigger my own and I shot over the edge with a rush.  My pussy tightened 
convuslsively around her husbands thrusting cock and I felt it leap inside
me, spraying my insides with semen.
 
        Kathy moaned mindlessly, flailing her arms on the nad
as her husband poured his load in my and she came.  As for me, all of my joint
s and muscles had experienced while blowing Dick was hightened tenfold.  The 
three of us came almost simutaneously, a mind-warping, bone jarring explosion
that left us weary and exhausted.  Dick slowly slid out of my cund and the 
three of us nesteled in a panting heap of arms and legs on the bedspread.
 
        Not that any of us had had the opportunityt to think about the night 
before, but Kathy explainbed later that she had been enjoying lesbian 
interludes with some of her friends for some time and it had been putting a 
strain on thier marridge.  Now that the three of us were established as a 
threesome, and she could share me with Dick, she felt much happier and more
secure about her marriage.  As you've probably guessed, the three of us 
continued to see each other quite a bit in the months and weeks to come.
 
        Since then, I have eagerly pusued threesome acrivity whenever I 
babysit.  Stragely--I would feel guilty hacing sex with only one of the 
mariltal partners.  These days I'm frequently hired to babysit for couples who
never go out at all!  We simply 'stay-in'--each other's cunt's and arms and
genitals.  With these fecerish sessions as an alternative, who wants to go to
the movies?
 
:":":":":":":":":":":":":":":":":":":":":":":":":":":":":":":":":":":":":":":
 
NOTE:  THE ABOVE STORY WAS WRITTEN BY TORI REDFERN AND WAS PUBLISHED IN "TOUCH
'S SECRET FANTASIES".  LOOK FOR MORE STORIES IN THE FUTURE.
 
u/l by Rick O Shea


(>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         