Archive-name: Family/backhome.txt
Archive-author: Day Dreamer
Archive-title: Back Home on the Farm


             A Family Love Fantasy 

My sister Beth and I grew up on a farm in Indiana.  Living
out in the country was pretty much a dull and restricted sort
of life for teenagers.  Since we had to ride the school bus,
we had no opportunity to participate in extracurricular
school activities--it was off to school in the morning and
back home right school was out. This schedule cut down on our
opportunities for dating, too, since it gave neither of us
much chance to develop any kind of serious friendships or
romantic relations with others our age.  This wasn't that
much of a problem to me--I was shy around girls, and being
tall and skinny without much in the way of redeeming good
looks, I probably would have had a hard time getting dates
anyway.  Sis, though, was different.  She was pretty.  Well,
in fact, she was more than pretty, she was downright
beautiful.  Petite at five-foot-two and 100 pounds, with long
blonde hair, blue eyes, and a figure that could have easily
gotten her elected to cheerleader, Beth could have had almost
any boy in school if she had the opportunity and set her mind
to it.

Beth and I never played "doctor" or "you-show-me-yours-and-
I'll-show-you-mine" games.  Oh, we sometimes talked about
sex, but we never went beyond that point.  Our parents were
very strict, and discussion or mention of sexual subjects was
a family taboo.  That home atmosphere, together with a
natural shyness we both seemed to have, prevented us from any
type of overt sexual exploration with each other.

This is not to say I wasn't interested in sex, because I was.
The truth was that I stayed horny most of the time.  Since I
had no opportunities to get rid of my horniness by dating and
having sex with girls, I relieved myself by masturbation.
Invariably, it was Beth I fantasized about when beating off.
Even though I had never seen Beth nude, I had seen her in a
bathing suit down at the creek and in shorts and halter
around the house, so I could develop good mental pictures of
what a naked Beth might look like.  These pictures filled my
mind as I played my solitary sexual games.

One day, though, when I was sixteen and Beth fifteen, I de-
cided the mental pictures were not enough--I wanted to see in
real life what Beth looked like without any clothes.  Since
Beth never went around the house unclothed, I could do this
only by peeking through the keyhole in the bathroom when she
was taking a shower.  One evening our parents were out in the
barn when Beth went into the bathroom and I decided to take
advantage of the opportunity.  I waited until the shower
started running and then went and stooped by the door and
looked through the keyhole.  One of the floor boards outside
the bathroom squeaked loudly when I stepped on it and I hoped
Beth didn't hear it.  Apparently she didn't because she began
to take the towel from around her body.  Just one second more
and I would be able to see Beth's lovely body.  That second
didn't come, though, because Dad shouted at me at just this
time--yelling and raising hell all over the place.  Dad had
come into the house without my hearing and caught me in the
act of playing Peeping Tom.

Both my parents shamed me in front of Beth and threatened a
severe beating if I ever pulled a stunt like that again.
This absolutely and completely embarrassed me, and I was
almost afraid to look Beth in the eye.  She never mentioned
it, though, and acted as if everything were okay.  Not once,
in later life was the subject ever brought up.  Not once,
either, did I ever try again to peep at Beth.

Beth and I both finished growing up.  I went to college and
so did Beth.  After we finished college, I got a job in Los
Angeles and Beth in Philadelphia.  We saw each other only on
visits back to the farm, and gradually we drifted apart, with
occasional letters being our only contact.

Neither of us married.  I don't know what reason Beth had for
staying single, but my reason was shyness around girls and a
rather plain appearance.  Also, in my mind the ideal girl was
one just like Beth, and I could never find a girl that
measured up to her standards.  We may have no longer been
close to each other, but Beth was still very much in my mind.
In my pleasure fantasies, it was still Beth I pictured.  She
was my standard for female perfection and was the subject of
all my masturbatory dreams.  I continued to keep a big-as-
life picture in my mind of how she would have looked if I had
been able to see her drop that towel those years before.

Mom and Dad were killed in a car accident, and Beth and I
buried them in a cemetery near the farm.  We didn't want to
sell the farm house because it held so many warm memories for
us, so we kept the house and several acres around it and sold
the rest of the farm.  The property had substantially accrued
in value, and we each got a good sum of money from its sale.

Beth had been writing on a part-time basis and was pretty
good at it, having sold several magazine articles.  She
decided that the money from the property sale would give her
the independence to quit her job and take up writing full-
time.  She also decided that the farm house would be an ideal
place for her to live while pursuing this career.  This would
be a good arrangement for both of us--the house would be
occupied and maintained Beth would have a comfortable place
to live.  She offered to pay me rent on my half of the house,
but I laughed her out of the idea, promising to make up for
it by coming to visit her often enough to lay claim to my
portion.

Several months passed without our seeing each other.  We
wrote often, though, our friendship being renewed by our
recent mutual experiences.  In every letter she invited me to
come visit, but my schedule never seemed to allow it.
Finally, though, I got a breather in my work and decided to
take some vacation--two whole weeks to go back home to the
farm, laze around, and visit with Beth.

I arrived at the farm on a Saturday afternoon.  It was an
exceptionally warm May day, with the sun beating down and the
temperature in the high 80s.  When I drove up, Beth was out
working in her garden.  She had her back turned to me when I
first got there and was bending over some plants.  All she
had on was a pair of brief running shorts and a halter that
was little more than a skimpy bra.  I was presented with a
picture of the most stunning female backside I could ever
recall seeing.  Beth's square shoulders sloped downward to a
narrow waist and then curved out into perfect round, firm
buttocks.  She was still a sylph of a girl, as petite and
well-shaped as she was when we were in high school.  The only
way she might have changed was in her breasts: they seemed
even larger and more full than they were then.  <And why not,
she was a more mature woman than she was then, and her body
would have grown even more mature> I thought to myself.

Seeing her like that flooded my mind with memories of our
teenage years together.  She was still as beautiful as she
was then, was still the perfect specimen of femininity.  All
my fantasies came rushing back to me and caused my face to
flush in embarrassment at myself.  <Jimmy, just because
you're a thirty-four-year-old virgin doesn't give you license
to lust after your sister> I thought angrily to myself.

These thoughts were quickly swept away, though.  Beth had
heard me drive in and stood up and turned to me.  <It just
isn't fair for a guy to have a sister as beautiful as Beth> I
ruefully told myself.  And beautiful she was.  Still no more
than 100 pounds, with hair pulled back into a pony tail,
shorts clinging tightly to her flaring hips, and a fair
amount of cleavage showing above her well-filled halter, she
could have passed for a teenager.

When Beth saw it was me, she smiled and gave little pleased
laugh.  She rushed out of the garden and ran up to where I
was standing by the car.  At almost a dead run, she ran into
my arms, pushing me back against the car.  She put her arms
around my neck and hugged me tightly.  With her pushing me
against the car, I could feel her breasts against my chest
and her hips pressing against mine.  My reaction was
immediate--almost instantaneously my cock swelled and filled
the front of my pants.  <My God, what if she notices!  She
will think I'm some sort of a pervert, getting a hard-on with
his own sister> I thought.

She pulled back and gave me light kiss on the lips.  "Jimmy,
Jimmy," she murmured, "you've finally come to give your
lonesome little sister a visit.  But just look at me!  I
wasn't expecting you until later, and here I am in my work
clothes, covered with dirt and sweat."

"Beth, you still look good, no matter what you wear," I said
softly.  <And does she ever!> I thought, noticing the way her
nipples made little points in the front of her halter.

"Jimmy, you're still just as sweet ever," she said, her face
flushing slightly.  "But let's not stand out here in this
heat.  Get your stuff and come on into the house where it's
cool."

I opened the car trunk, lifted out my suitcases, and followed
Beth into the house.  With her only a few steps ahead of me,
I couldn't help but notice her shapely behind.  Each buttock
was firm and made little tick-tocking movements in her shorts
as she walked.  Her legs were tanned and had very good muscle
tone.  I decided that she must do a lot of gardening and
other outdoor activities to keep herself in such good shape.

"You're going to use your old room," Beth said. "I kept my
old room and converted Mom and Dad's room to my writing
studio.  Come on, I'll help you unpack."

My room was much like I remembered it.  A floor-to-ceiling
window, big pine dresser, and a double bed.  I put my suit-
cases up on the bed and we took clothing out and put it in
the dresser and closet.  As I turned away from the closet, I
noticed Beth putting my Jockey shorts in the drawer. She was
gently rubbing them, right across the front opening.  Beth
saw me looking and a light blush flowed across her face.
"Boy, your clothes sure got wrinkled in the suitcase, didn't
they," she said with an embarrassed laugh.

After we got all the clothes unpacked and put away and the
suitcases put in the closet, Beth said, "Jimmy, you must be
tired after that long drive.  Why don't you lie down and rest
while I go take a shower to get rid of all my sweat and
dirt."  She turned and left the room, giving me another look
at her magnificent ass and her buttocks making their see-
sawing motion under the thin fabric of her shorts.

I pulled off my shoes and stretched out on the bad.  Closing
my eyes, I tried to relax.  At just about this time, I heard
the door to the bathroom close and water start to run.  The
sound made me recall the time I tried to peep at Beth in the
shower.  The memory of seeing Beth about to drop her towel
and display her body in all its splendor had such an erotic
effect on me that I became as rock-hard as I had been those
many years ago.

I remembered, too, that it was just the two of us in the
house.  There were no parents to inhibit actions or yell
about what they considered improper.  It fully dawned on me
that there wasn't anyone to stop me if I wanted to get rid of
my years of frustration over failing to see Beth nude.
Without another thought, almost without volition, I got off
the bed and walked down the hall to the bathroom.  The
keyhole was still there, and I could hear the shower running
behind the door.  Beth was in that shower and I could finally
realize my dream of seeing her nude.  The shower stopped then
and it became quiet.  She would soon be stepping out of the
shower, wet and dripping, with all her body available for my
sight.  Quickly I stepped in front of the door, preparing to
stoop and look through the keyhole.  Without warning, the
floor emitted a loud squeaking noise.  Just as it had done
those many years ago, the board in front of the door squeaked
loudly enough to hear all over the house.

Talk about deja vu!  All the shame I had felt as a teenager
came rushing back to me.  I almost looked around to see if my
father were there to lambast me.  I was filled with embar-
rassment--I knew Beth must have heard the noise and that she
would know exactly what it meant.  I stumbled back to my
room, shut the door, and laid down on the bed.  Beth hadn't
said anything the time it happened before; maybe she would
just ignore this time too.

In a few minutes there was a soft knock on the door.
"Jimmy?" Beth's voice came in a whisper through the door.

"Yeah, Beth, come on in."  <Well, here's where I catch it.
May as well take it like a man.>

Beth opened the door slowly and stepped into the room.  She
was just like she was when I saw her through the keyhole
those many years ago, covered only with a towel that extended
from the top of her breasts to just below her pussy.  I
wouldn't have thought it possible, but she was even more
lovely than when had been a teenager.  My embarrassment faded
with the vision, and I was filled with an overwhelming
feeling of love and desire for Beth.

I expected her to be angry, but she showed no sign of anger.
Instead of her eyes being angry and glaring, they were warm
and soft and there was a look of wonderment on her face.
In a soft, little voice, Beth said, "Jimmy, were you peeping
through the keyhole at me?"

"I was going to, but the board squeaked, and I knew you heard
me, and I got ashamed, and all I did was come back to my
room, and I never did look," I managed to stammer out.

"You REALLY wanted to look at my body?  You wanted to look
when we were kids and now you STILL want to look?" she asked
in that little-girl voice.

All I could do was drop my head and nod it a little.  <She
must really think I'm some kind of a weirdo to have kept such
a fixation for so many years.  She'll probably insist I leave
and never come back again.>

"Jimmy, I heard the board squeak back when you tried to look
at me before.  I knew you were peeping and I was glad.  I was
going to take off the towel and let you see all of me, except
Dad stopped the show.  Well, there aren't any parents around
now, Jimmy, and you can look all you want."  Slowly, she
untucked the end of the towel from the top of her breasts and
loosened it around her.  She shrugged if off to the floor and
she stood there in tableau, completely nude.

My breath caught in a gasp.  She was stunning!  Her breasts
were high, the nipples pointing outward and upward.  Her
slight frame made them seem even larger than they were.  Her
waist was thin, no more than twenty-four inches, and her hips
swelled outward, forming a perfect frame for the center of
her sex nestling between those thighs.  Unlike her mane of
straight hair, her pubis was a matted sporran of kinky blonde
hair.  It was a luxuriant growth that extended halfway up to
her navel and downward on the inside of her thighs.  She
turned around slowly and gave me a view of her backside.  Her
ass was everything I had imagined it to be: firm, with
rounded buttocks coming down to little crease lines at the
tops of her thighs.  She leaned over to give me a better view
and I could see the matted hair all between her legs and the
lips of her vagina, moist and slightly pouting open.  My cock
tented out the front of my trousers in reaction.

She stood up and turned back to me.  "Do you like my body?"
she whispered, her eyes drawn to the swelling at my groin.

"Beth, you're absolutely gorgeous," I managed to get out.

Tears flowed from her eyes and she started kissing me all
over my face--on the forehead, the cheeks, the nose.  "Oh,
Jimmy, I thought you didn't care.  Why do you think I never
married?  Why I never went with boys?  None of them were as
sweet and thoughtful as you.  No man has ever measured up to
you, and I wouldn't settle for less."

"But I'm just plain looking," I said.  "How could you have
considered me so special?"

"Looks don't matter--it's the heart that counts," Beth
answered.

"Oh, Beth, I've felt exactly the same about you.  YOU'RE the
reason I haven't married.  I wanted someone exactly like you,
but there's only one you.  I guess I was meant to love just
you."

"And you've been my only love," Beth whispered, lying down on
the bed beside me.  We stared into each others eyes and she
reached behind my head and drew it to her to kiss me again.
Instead of my face, though, her lips went to mine.  The kiss
was soft at first, then hungry and demanding.  Her tongue
crept out and brushed back and forth against my lips.  I
opened them and met her tongue with mine.  Tip to tip we
stroked each other's tongue.  Hers became more insistent
 and moved into my mouth, slithering under my lip and into my
cheeks.  I sought her mouth with my tongue and explored all
her secret oral recesses.  Together, we lay there with eyes
closed and mouths wide open, caught up in our deep soul kiss.

My cock had already reached it's full tumescence and now it
simply throbbed.  Beth had her arms around my neck and her
body pushed against mine, so she could feel it pulsing
against it, a telltale of my raging arousal.  She scooted
down on the bed a little and pushed her groin against my
throbbing manhood.  Soon she was pushing back and forward
against it, in little movements that were pushing me higher
and higher up the scale of passion.

I moaned softly and ran my hands down her bare, smooth back.
I stroked the indentation of the small of her back and then
moved my hands down to globes of buttocks.  I kneaded them
gently and found they were just as firm as I had imagined
they would be.  My fingers moved into the crease between her
globes and traced the line downward.  Beth raised one leg and
draped it over my hip, giving me opportunity to seek out all
her hidden secret places.

She was moist and slick, her feminine secretions coating the
space between her legs.  One finger found the beginning of
her labial lips and insinuated itself into the crevice.  Beth
moaned into my mouth as my finger wormed its way into the hot
pit of her sex, seeking the gateway to heaven.  The explora-
tion was successful and I slowly inserted my finger into
Beth's hot internal region.  She bucked against my finger and
then pushed against my jutting cock.  I slowly worked my
finger out of the tightness of her hole and moved it upwards,
seeking out her little nubbin of pleasure.

I quickly found her clitoris, but it wasn't just a little
nubbin--it was swollen and as big a pencil eraser.  In little
circular motions, I brushed my fingertip across and around
the swollen clit.  Beth gasped and clamped her thighs
together, stopping my movements.  She broke the kiss and
gasped, "Oh, God, Jimmy!  No more!  You're about to make me
come, and I don't want to come this way."  She rolled off the
bed and said, "Besides, it's my turn to see your body now.
If it looks as great as it's been feeling, it's going to be
super."

She unbuttoned my shirt and pulled it back.  I sat up and she
pulled it out of my trousers and completely off me, tossing
it to the floor.  Her hands went to my belt buckle, and
she unbuckled my belt and undid the top button of my
trousers.  Slowly, she pulled down my zipper until it was at
the bottom.  She used both hands in the process and gently
massaged the bulge that lay under the zipper.  She went to
the foot of the bed, grasped my pants legs, and started to
tug them towards.  I lifted my buttocks up so that they could
come free.  They came off and she tossed on top of my shirt.
She removed each of my socks and added them to the pile.  She
climbed up on the bed and straddled my shins, her hands going
down to the top of my Jockey shorts.  "Now I get to see if
you match my dreams," she said, and pulled the shorts down to
where my pubic hair showed.  Her hands were trembling as she
struggled to get my shorts off.  My cock had swelled out the
front of the shorts and she had to stretch the waistband to
its maximum to work the fabric over my swollen cock and
balls.  Finally, she succeeded, and my cock sprung to
attention, freed at last from its confinement.

"Oh, my God!" she said softly.  She couldn't take her eyes
from my seven-inch cock that was making little jerking
motions in time with my heartbeat.  "It's magnificent.  My
dreams were never this good," she whispered, reaching out her
hands to touch and fondle my maleness.  She ran her finger-
tips up and down the shaft and traced the contours of my
scrotum.  Her fingers moved through the pubic hair that
sprouted abundantly, and moved down between my thighs to
stroke me there.  The whole head of my cock was slick and
glistening with pre-cum, and a little drop escaped through
the slit with each throb of my cock.  She put two fingers
into the font and rubbed the head in little circles.  He
fingers moved to the underpart of my glans and I gasped, my
hips jerking involuntarily.  Beth then finished removing my
shorts and now we were both completely nude, our bodies
totally revealed to each other.

Beth stretched out on the bed beside me.  We were each on our
sides facing each other.  Silently, we looked into each
other's eyes.  She reached out her hand and stroked my cheek.
"Jimmy, I love you.  I've always loved you, and now I love
you even more."

"I love you, too.  I've fought against it, but it wasn't any
use.  You've always been in the center of my dreams, and I
guess I've loved you since we were kids."  I wrapped my arms
around her and pulled her to me.  Our lips met in a soft,
tender kiss.

Tenderness soon grew to passion, though, and our kiss became
more urgent.  Tongue fought against tongue, and our lips
nibbled at the others.  My cock was pressed between our
bodies and smeared both of us with seminal secretions.
Beth's hips ground into me as she tried to get even closer.
I pushed myself downwards and allowed my cock to move into
the vee of Beth's thighs.  It parted her labia and the head
made contact with her clitoris.  She held me even tighter and
made little circular motions with her hips.  Her lips spread
to their widest, circling my mouth, sucking on my lips.  Her
breathing came in gasps and made little moaning sounds.  She
pulled away and said, "I want you love me completely now.  I
want you make a woman out of me, to do what I've wanted you
to do ever since we were kids."

"You're still a virgin?" I asked.

"Yes," she whispered.  "I've been keeping it for the day you
would take it.  I've known since we were kids that this would
happen someday."

"Beth, I'm still a virgin, too," I whispered into her ear.

"Oh, Jimmy, you're so beautiful and sweet, and I love you so
much for being a virgin."

Beth pulled away from me and rolled onto her back.  "I can't
wait any longer.  Make love to me, Jimmy.  Love me the way
I've been longing for."

I sat up and looking down at Beth stretched out.  She was so
beautiful and tantalizing I was almost overcome with emotion.
I would always want to love and protect her, and even under
these conditions I had to think of her welfare.  "I don't
have any protection.  What if you get pregnant?"

"I won't get pregnant. I started taking birth control pills
just as soon as I found out you were coming," she said with a
little shy smile.

I realized then that she had wanted me as much as I had
wanted her.  My love for her overflowed and I whispered,
"Ahhh, Beth."  Lovingly, I kissed her gently on the lips.
The kiss trailed down to her neck and then to her breasts.
Softly I lapped my tongue across one nipple and then the
other.  With just the tip, I drew little circles around each
nipple, tracing the pink crepiness of her areolae.  She
arched her back up to my mouth and made soft "Mmmmmmmnnn"
sounds.  My hand traced down the rounded contour of her
abdomen and into the lush golden thicket of pubic curls.
Parting the hair, my fingers found her secret crevice and
gently stroked it.  She was wet with the hot flow of her
arousal, and the crevice was a slippery slide down into her
womanly depths.  With little feathery motions I ran my
fingers up and down the furrow, stopping at the swollen bump
of her clitoris.  Her hips moved up and down and gyrated in a
circular motion.  Tremors ran through her body and she moaned
softly, unable to resist the pleasure waves mounting higher
and higher.

"Oh, God, Jimmy! Now! Now!" she shouted.  "Do it now.  Put it
in me now," she said in a moaning voice, trying to pull me on
top of her.

I quickly moved between her legs and spread them apart.  My
cock was rigid and throbbing, poised just above her golden
forest.  Her hips were thrusting up and down, and her Mount
of Venus brushed against my cockhead with each upward push.
Gently I pushed forward, prodding my glistening cockhead into
the top of Beth's pouting slit, parting the labia.  She was
hot and slick, and my flowing pre-cum increased the
lubrication even more.  Taking my shaft in my right hand, I
ran its head up and down the channel, pressing harder each
time it grazed across Beth's swollen and beating clitoris.  A
shudder ran across her stomach each time the clitoris was
touched.

Beth raised her knees high and humped her pubic mound up
against my cock.  She worked her hips in circles, trying to
position my cock for entry.  I probed my cock deeper into the
fold, seeking the abode it was made for, seeking the entrance
to her inner secrets.  Finally, there it was, and my cock
dipped into the outer ring of Beth's torrid hole.  The whole
head was engulfed in hot wetness and I paused in the sheer
pleasure of the moment.  Beth opened her eyes and looked up
at me.  In almost a strangled voice, she said, "Please,
Jimmy, please.  I can't stand any more waiting."

I pushed my hips forward and my cock slowly began to sink
into Beth's hot channel.  I was expecting her to wince in
pain, but she only frowned a little as my cockhead gently
pushed aside the constriction of her maidenhead.  Soon, we
were completely merged.  I was flesh of her flesh and she was
flesh of my flesh.  Her frown lines disappeared and she
released her held breath with a loud, "Ahhhhhh!."

She reached behind my head and pulled my lips down to hers.
Holding our bodies perfectly still, we kissed a long, deep
kiss.  As we broke away, she reached out her tongue and ran
it across and around my lips, lapping up the juices our kiss
had left.  Tears welled up in her eyes and she whispered,
"Oh, Jimmy, we're finally there.  You don't know how many
times I've dreamed of this.  It's so good.  The real thing is
so much better than the dream.  Now, make love to me.  Love
me hard, and if it's a dream, I hope I never wake up."

I slowly withdrew my cock from Beth's inner recesses,
stopping when only the tip of the head was in place.  I
lunged forward, driving my cock home with one long, swift
movement.  I groaned aloud from the wave of pleasure that
swept over me.  Beth said, "Yes!  Yes!  Oh, it's so good!"
She pushed her hips up against mine and our bodies were
pulled into full hot contact.  She lifted her legs up and
wrapped them around my waist and her arms reached around my
neck and held me tight.  Once against I retreated and
attacked, and once against she matched my motions.  Soon we
were rocking back and forward against each other.  I was
moaning and so was she.  I was nearing my peak, and I could
tell she was close to hers.

Suddenly, Beth clutched me even harder.  Her hips moved in a
feverish motion and the walls of her pussy grasped against my
see-sawing cock.  She threw her head back and wailed,
"Oh, God, I'm there!  I'm coming, I'm cominnnngggg.....!

Then it hit me.  I hit the crest and then went into a
freefall that seeming like it would never end.  My vision
blurred and waves and waves of almost unbearable pleasure
flowed outward from my groin to all parts of my body.  Spurt
after spurt after spurt jetted into Beth, filling up and
overflowing Beth's spasming pussy.  We were both trembling
and shuddering, our breaths coming in gasps.  Gradually, our
motions slowed, and then we were still, making soft "Ohhhh"
sounds.

We both opened our eyes and looked into each other's face.
Our lips drew together and we kissed a long, tender kiss that
sealed our love forever.  No word needed to be spoken.  We
both knew that there could be no other for either of us.


        (A second chapter may follow someday)
--
