

Wet in the Backyard

By Per from Denmark, October 1996 


One evening when I was out for a walk I experienced something very exiting. It was a warm summerevening in July. I was standing in a backyard because I felt the urge to empty my bladder, which was as full as it could be. I had felt the pressure for some time, but now it was my last chance to do it without having an accident in my pants. I was standing in the far corner of a yard hidden in the shadow, as I heard footsteps from high heeled shoes. 



Into the yard came two girls and a man. They were whispering loudly, and it was obvious that all of them were a bit drunk. The man was about 30 and was wearing black pants and a narrow white shirt. The first girl was round 25 with long blonde curled hair. She was wearing a thigh-length black satin dress, black stay-up stockings and high-heeled black shoes. 



The other girl was around 30, and she had beautiful long black hair, and was wearing a light jacket, white blouse, a thigh-length black skirt and white stay-up stockings and high-heeled white shoes. 



I was instantly aware that something exciting was about to take place, but what really happened was far beyond my imagination. 



The girls pushed the man up against the wall, and without a word, the blonde girl kneeled in from of the man, unzipped his pants and began to suck his cock. The black-haired girl was kissing the man passionately, and I could feel my cock become hard in my pants. 



A moment passed, and suddenly I could hear the man mumbling something about having to pee. The blonde girl did not seem willing to stop sucking his half erected cock. It was now obvious that the man was trying to make the blonde stop, so that he could pee, but she wouldn't stop. 



Suddenly he could not hold it back no longer, so his cock started to leak a few drops of his yellow liquid, but still the blonde sucked the dripping cock. All she did, was to pull her thigh-high dress up around her waist with her left hand. Now I could see that she was wearing high cut black lace briefs. 



The man's cock now began to squirt in her mouth, and she opened her mouth a bit, so the pee could run out again. It splashed onto the tiles. 



Suddenly the blonde started to pee herself. Out through the black lace briefs a golden jet of pee sprayed onto the ground, and mixed with the liquids already there. The black-haired girl obviously wouldn't be the only one not participating, so she pulled up the black skirt, and revealed a pair of shining white lace briefs. As soon as she had her skirt up around her waist, the man put his left hand between her legs, rubbing the lace briefs. 



While his cock was still spraying his pee into the mouth of the blonde girl, his hand was filled with another golden stream spraying through the black-haired girl's lace briefs. The golden stream was soaking her stockings and splashed onto her high-heeled shoes, but it seemed that she didn't noticed. 



This exchange of golden fluids went on for less than a minute, but to me it seemed like forever. All of them now seemed to be empty, and I thought that this was it, but no way. The blonde girl raised, and with her arms straightened out, she leaned against the wall with her legs spread. The mans cock, now freed from the urge to pee, was tanding straight up in the air. He went behind her, and without a word he pulled her soaked briefs aside, and pushed his cock into the blonde girl's wet cunt. Then he started to fuck her hard and she moaned loudly. Her moaning made me move a little bit, and the black-haired girl turned her face in my direction as if she tried to see through the shadows. 



Suddenly she made her mind up, and walked quickly towards my hiding place. She didn't seemed surprised to see me, but only horny. Without a word, she kneeled in front of me, and began to unbutton my jeans. She found my erect cock, and pulled it out in the open. 



"Do you have something golden for me?" she asked. The other two had now seen me too, but went on fucking af if I wasn't there. I told the girl that I couldn't possibly give her what she wanted as long as my cock was so excited. She understood immediately, raised and took the same position as the other girl a few meters away. I was now looking at a beautiful ass in a pair of very wet lace briefs, and nothing could hold me back any longer. 



Very fast I pulled her briefs to one side, and pushed my cock deep into this beautiful girl's pussy. My cock was pumping in and out her pussy for less than a minute, and then I shot a jet of cum up into her wet hole. 



When she saw that I had climaxed, she kneeled again, and licked the remains off my cock. The other couple was close to the end, and the blonde had already cried her orgasm out in the yard, and now the man was climaxing. He pulled out his cock, and then it started to shoot. With a loud moan he placed three white lines of cum onto the back of the blonde's black lace panties. After that they were standing for a moment, kissing and hugging, and then they came towards us, to see what was to happen next. 



My girl now asked me to give her what she wanted. After my orgasm I could now feel my very full bladder again. 



The blonde girl came over to me, and while the dark-haired girl made herself ready to receive my liquid into her mouth, the blonde started to kiss me passionately. I put my left hand up under her dress and could feel the soaked lace briefs. I started to rub the briefs, and she rewarded me by letting the remaining pee from her bladder squirt through the lace briefs and into my hand. 



Now my pee came out, and nothing could stop it. The jet spray was so strong, that I not only filled the black-haired girl's mouth, but also sprayed onto her blouse and skirt, which became all wet from my pee. That didn't stop her, and she took all the rest of my liquid in her mouth. In the background the man's cock was getting hard again. When I had finished, my cock immediately became hard again. 



The man now went behind "my" girl, who now leaned against the wall, and started fucking her as he had fucked the blonde shortly before. 



The blonde went into the middle of the yard, and with her legs streched out she bent down, and placed her hands on her ankles. I pulled her still wet and warm briefs aside, and my cock went inside in one stroke. I was crazy, and I fucked like a madman. Shortly after I could feel the second load of cum make ready for takeoff. Right at the moment when I shot my load, I pulled my cock out, and the cum sprayed all over the back of her black lace briefs. At the same time the black-haired girl received a large load of cum all over the back of her soaked white lace briefs. 



The End 


