                            BACKSIDE LOVE
                         WITH BETH & ELLEN


I had known Beth for only a few months.  She was pretty by 
anyone's standards, with nice legs, a firm behind, and somewhat 
small breasts (I believe bite-sized is the term they are commonly 
called) with bigger than average nipples.  We didn't make it 
until our fourth or fifth date, and I can't say that the sex was 
spectacular.  Don't get me wrong, it was good, but until we went 
to a hunting lodge one weekend with Joan and Bill, two close 
friends, our sexual adventures were quite ordinary.
      
We all went to bed early on the first night at the lodge, feeling 
somewhat exhausted by the long trip and our hike into the woods.  
Since Beth always slept without clothes on, she turned off the 
light and slipped under the covers, snuggling up next to me.  We 
couldn't do anything because Joan and Bill were sleeping right 
across from us.
      
At about 11:00 p.m., Beth arose from our bed and went downstairs.  
A while later I also got up and found her in the living room, 
where she was lying on the couch, on her side, still completely 
naked, facing the back of the sofa, in the familiar fetal 
position.  She appeared to be asleep.  I slinked onto the sofa 
behind her and discovered, by her gentle stirring, that she was 
still awake.  Not knowing what she was thinking, or feeling, I 
turned on my side, so that my chest was pressed against her back, 
spoon-like, and cradled her body against mine.
      
I reached around her to cup her small, almost girlish breasts in 
my hands, stroking and kneading them and feeling her nipples 
slowly gain erection.  I moved my left hand down to her groin, 
pressing into the soft, curly hairs, and began stroking there 
too.  She responded by pushing her ass back against me, parting 
her legs in the process, leaving her left leg raised, lazily 
resting on my hip.  Then, in her assertive way, she reached 
between her legs and took my cock in her hand, guiding it to, but 
not into, her.  Still behind her, almost passive, my half-erect 
cock was between her legs, and she was rubbing it in a slow, 
circular motion against her clitoris.
      
When I changed my position slightly in an obvious effort to slide 
myself into her, she pushed the shaft back, then whispered, "Uh-
uh.  Not there; I want you here, in my ass."  So saying, she 
placed the head of my cock right in the middle of her anus, then 
rubbed it back and forth across the diminutive opening.  At 
first, I thought she was teasing me.
      
"Are you serious?" I asked, somewhat incredulously.  We had never 
done that before, and I remember wondering if this was something 
about Beth's sexuality that I hadn't known.
      
"Just do it.  I want to feel your cock inside my ass," she said 
softly. She rubbed the cockhead a few more times against her 
nether opening.  "Mmm, David, I want it deep inside my ass."
      
My cock was already so wet from being rubbed between her moist 
pussy lips that it broke the sphinctoral plane with surprisingly 
little effort. She grunted as the cockhead broke the barrier, 
then hissed between her teeth. "Slowly," she said, "work it in 
slowly."  She shifted her hips slightly to accommodate the 
unaccustomed presence of something inside her ass.
      
"Am I hurting you?"
     
"A little," she replied, punctuated by a gasp of breath.  "Oh, it 
feels so fucking big!"
      
I squeezed her breasts hard, flattening them against her chest, 
as I softly kissed the nape of her neck.  "I don't believe how 
tight you are!"
      
"Are you in all the way?" she gasped.  "I feel like I've been 
split in two!"
      
"Just a little more."  I pressed my cock forward, then felt it 
being tightened like a vise by her sphincter muscle.  I seemed to 
gain ground only by easing back slightly and then pushing 
forward.  She grunted and moaned a few more times before I 
finally pressed my wiry pubic hairs into her lower ass.
      
"How's that?" I whispered.
      
"Fucking unbelievable!  Don't move for a few seconds.  I have to 
get used to it."
      
I continued kneading her breasts and kissing her neck and 
shoulders while my sheathed phallus remained completely 
motionless inside her.  I could tell the entry had been somewhat 
painful for her, but that was not unexpected.  The walls of her 
rectum were warm and smooth against my cock. From time to time, 
she contracted her anus around the sheathed sword, as she tested 
the elasticity of her anal muscle.
      
The anal contractions were beginning to have an effect on me.  
"If you keep that up," I said after a particularly tight 
contraction, "I'm going to come.  I feel close already."
      
"No! Please, don't come yet!  You just put it in, you haven't 
really fucked me yet.  Can you hold off?"
      
"I'll try.  I can't tell you how good it feels!"
      
"The pain is subsiding," she said.  "Give it just a few more 
seconds and you can start moving in and out a bit."
      
"I'll come for sure, then," I pleaded.
      
"No you won't.  If you do, I'll never let you do this again!"
      
Now that I had discovered this side of Beth, or should I say the 
backside of Beth, I knew that I would want to take her anally, 
and often, again.  Maybe she wasn't being serious, but her 
warning was sufficient incentive to do everything I could to keep 
from spilling my seed inside her.
      
My reward for holding off?  Pure ecstasy!  With the pain all but 
gone, Beth began moving her buttocks in a slow, circular pattern, 
while my ensconced cock, a prisoner inside her, obediently 
followed.  Somewhere along the line I began to slowly piston my 
manhood.  The dual phenomenon of our syncopated rhythm sent the 
both of us to a high we had never before known.
      
Beth was beside herself, having discovered an animalistic 
instinct she never knew she had, and, with the discovery, she 
developed a far different attitude toward our love-making.  
Outside of a few "dirty" words like "fuck" or "suck", said in the 
heat of passion to titillate me, she had never been one to be 
vocal about her needs--until now!  "OH!  Fuck my ass! Give it to 
me! Oh, my ass!  I love it in my ass!  Oh, David, it feels so 
good!"
      
Her voice could be heard through the house.  "Hey," I said 
softly, "the others will hear you."
      
"Just shove it in me!  Make it hurt!  Fuck my assssssssss!"
      
Her immodest exclamations, within earshot of the others, drove me 
to a new frenzy.  I started pumping her like a madman, driving my 
cock in and out of her beautiful, tight ass with complete 
abandon.  She grunted, she groaned, she bucked her ass against my 
abdomen, snorting rather than breathing, trying to pull me even 
further into the dark abyss.
      
My hands on her breasts were no longer gentle.  If she wanted to 
feel hurt, I would be more that happy to oblige.  I took her 
turgid nipples between the thumbs and forefingers of each of my 
hands and squeezed the nubbins sharply, painfully.  It was this 
final, almost desperate gesture, that seemed to do the trick.  
"I'm coming!" she cried.  "I'm coming! YESSSSSSS!"
      
Miracle of miracles, just as her anal contractions (I assume from 
her orgasm) gripped my cock, I let loose also, filling her with 
spurt after spurt from my sheathed sword.  It was, without a 
doubt, one of the best fucks I had had in long time.  I hoped she 
felt the same way.
      
We both came down slowly.  I didn't dare withdraw myself from 
her.  I just let the old guy fall asleep inside the dark hole, 
feeling every once in a while a tiny anal contraction that only 
served to remind me of what we had just done.  Finally, my limp 
member fell out, on its own, sliding onto the inside of her inner 
right thigh, still wet from my spending.
      
Beth turned her naked body completely around until we were belly 
to belly, chest to chest.  She wrapped her arms around my back 
and held me. She pressed her loins into mine, our pubic hairs 
mingling.  "That was great," she whispered sexily.
      
I smiled.  "I'm glad I held off, like you asked."
      
"I had no idea I could get that turned on back there.  I guess 
I'm what you call anal-erotic."
      
I laughed.  "Would you really have denied me the pleasure if I 
had come earlier?"
      
She laughed also.  "You'll never knew, my sweet David, will you?"
      
"I guess I never will."  When our lips met, her tongue went right 
for my tonsils.  She ground her abdomen into me slowly, 
sensuously, creating that familiar stirring in my manhood that 
had disappeared inside her wonderfully tight derriere.
      
I think she felt me growing, or at least sensed it, because she 
slipped her hand between our clasped bodies and quickly located 
my semi-erect penis. Her tongue searched every nook and cranny 
inside my eager mouth as she slowly stroked me back to hardness.
      
"Don't you ever quit?" I asked, breaking the passionate kiss.
      
"Build a better mousetrap and the world will beat a path to your 
door," she quipped.
      
"So you're equating a beautiful assfuck with a mousetrap?"
      
"Sort of," she giggled.  "I mean, show me a new way to get off, 
like you just did, and I'll be at your doorstep, every night, 
wanting more."
      
I smiled, then moved my hands to her buttocks, feeling the ass 
that I had just fucked, and squeezed the globes between my 
fingers, prying them apart, exposing her anus to the uncaring 
back of the sofa.
      
"What are you doing, young man?"
      
"I'm back at the doorstep again," I replied, searching for her 
anal button with my middle finger and, upon finding it, pressing 
inward slightly, not penetrating her, but letting her know that I 
was eager to play back there again.
      
"Don't you ever quit?" she laughed, a reference to my earlier 
question. She squeezed my cock tightly, then released it, before 
working her hand toward the head and squeezing it once more.
      
"I like your mousetrap," I said, pushing the tip of my finger 
into the recently deflowered opening.  Beth laughed at my feeble 
attempt at humor.
      
She was slowly masturbating my cock now, alternating the 
squeezing with up and down movements of her hand.  "I don't ever 
remember him rising so quickly again," she whispered.
      
Just then Ellen came down the stairs from the loft.  I turned 
around just in time to see her throwing a white terry-cloth robe 
over her naked body.  Her tits were quite a bit larger than 
Beth's, but her nipples were actually smaller.
      
"What the hell is going on down here?" asked Ellen.
      
Beth laughed.  "Did we wake you?"
      
"All I could here was someone screaming 'Fuck me in the ass!' 
Wouldn't that have awakened you?"  She didn't seem mad, just 
interested.
      
"I told her to be quiet.  Now I'm embarrassed," I said.
      
Ellen laughed.  "If you're as good as it sounded, there's nothing 
to be embarrassed about.  It would be a good idea to go wash up, 
though, after something like that."
      
I blushed.  "You're right, will you please excuse me."  I pried 
myself away from Beth, then walked quickly past Ellen.  I 
couldn't help but notice that her eyes were on my erection.
      
I washed thoroughly, even my balls and anus.  I had no idea what 
might happen the rest of the evening, but I wanted to be prepared 
for anything. I dried myself by running a towel back and forth 
between my legs, making sure I worked it well into my ass 
crevice.  When I returned to the living room, Ellen was seated on 
the sofa next to Beth, who was still reclining on her side. Ellen 
sat in such a way that she blocked my view of Beth's hairy pussy, 
kind of facing her, her left forearm resting nonchalantly on 
Beth's rib cage.
      
Beth's left arm lay across Ellen's lap, kind of flopped there for 
want of a better place to put it.  Ellen's robe had ridden pretty 
much up her legs, but she had the garment wrapped around in such 
a way that her charms were well hidden from view.  For decency's 
sake, I held the towel I had been drying myself off with in front 
of my crotch.  My flag was at half-staff beneath the towel.
      
"Can I ask a personal question?" Ellen asked of Beth.
      
"If you want," she replied.
      
"Did it hurt?"
      
Beth blushed profusely.  I smiled.  "You mean what he just did to 
me with that monster cock of his?"
      
"Uh-huh," replied Ellen with a broad smile.
      
A pensive look, quite serious look came over Beth's face.  "At 
first, it hurt a lot.  I thought the bastard was going to split 
me in two.  But after a while, I became quite used to it.  I 
really wanted it inside me after the pain went away.  It's such a 
different, filling sensation, to have something in your ass."
      
"Makes me wish we had tried it on the first date, instead of 
waiting until now," I said, only partly in jest.
      
"It makes me wish I let someone do it ten years ago.  Just think, 
I've missed all that time.  Have you ever done it, Ellen?"
      
It was Ellen's turn to blush.  She lowered her head in 
embarrassment. "Yes," she whispered in response.
      
"What are you acting so shy about?" laughed Beth.  "You didn't 
like it?"
      
"Mmmm.  I loved it.  I've been turned on by...you know...anal 
things ever since I was a teenager.  Man, I don't believe I'm 
talking so openly about it."
      
 "You better define 'anal things,'" said Beth.
      
Ellen really blushed at that question.  "Well, I like to do 
things to people's....uh...asses, and I like to have things done 
to mine."
      
"Like what?" asked Beth.  Ellen had really piqued her interest.
      
"Like....."  There was a long, pregnant pause.  I could almost 
see her mind thinking.  "Like having my anus....ah.....what's the 
term?..."  She seemed to be searching for just the right words.  
"Ah, you know...rimmed," she blurted.  She paused for a moment, 
quiet and pensive.  "Do you know what that means?"
      
"I don't think so," said Beth, quite honestly.
      
"It's like when someone licks you back there....with their 
tongue." Her face was red as a beet now.
      
"I see," said Beth, raising her eyebrows as her interest began to 
become more and more aroused.
      
"And I like to do that to others, too."  She seemed more animated 
now, more open, like she was confessing something she had held 
back for many years. "Am I embarrassing you?" she asked.
      
Beth smiled.  "Of course not, please go on."
      
"If I'm not getting rimmed with a tongue or fucked by a nice cock 
in my ass, I like to have someone put a dildo in my backside.  
Oh, just thinking about it turns me on!"
      
Just hearing about it was turning me on.  My manhood was coming 
back to life, beginning to peek its head through the towel over 
my lap. Nervously, I pulled the towel completely over it.
      
Ellen looked straight into Beth's eyes.  "Would you like me to 
show you something very special?"
      
Beth gulped.  She thought for a few moments.  "I'm game."
      
Ellen turned her head and looked at me.  "May I borrow her for 
few minutes?"
      
"Oh, yes...Of course.  I'll leave."  I started to get up.
      
"Why don't you stay and enjoy the show," said Ellen sexily.  "I 
don't mind if Beth doesn't."
      
Beth looked at me with her expressive, puppy-dog eyes.  I could 
read the sexual excitement in them.  "Maybe he'll get some new 
ideas," she said, giving me a little wink, an obvious invitation 
for me to remain and watch.
      
"He just might," said Ellen, pulling apart the sash on her robe, 
letting the top loosen, permitting my hungry eyes to spy on a 
good deal of her ample breasts.  She looked over at me for a 
brief second, as if she were pondering her next move, then stood 
and nonchalantly shed the robe completely, dropping it to the 
floor at her feet, before sitting back down.  It all happened so 
quickly, in one fluid motion, my mind had to adjust to the 
delightful fact that there were two quite pretty ladies in front 
of me, and neither had a stitch of clothes on!
      
My eyes darted from Ellen's full, hanging breasts, with their 
silver dollar-sized areola and thick, brown nipples, to the soft, 
light-brown triangle of curls which tapered quite nicely to a 'V' 
at her lower abdomen. She made absolutely no effort to hide 
anything from my view.  To the contrary, I think she kind of 
enjoyed showing her more than adequate body off for me (and, I'm 
sure, for Beth as well).  I made a mental note to ask Ellen later 
if she trimmed her pubic fleece, so delicate did her treasures 
look.  The growth of her curls was quite sparse; in fact, I found 
it quite amazing that Beth's thick forest of much darker curls 
completely hid her cuntal slit, whereas the thin crack of Ellen's 
pussy was quite visible through the hairs.
      
Ellen devoured Beth with her soft, bluish-green eyes.  Her voice 
was soft as the morning.  "Would you like me to give you a rim 
job?"
      
Beth seem mesmerized by this woman.  She managed only to nod her 
head in affirmation.  Her hand was just below Ellen's melon-like 
right breast. For a second, I thought she was going to cup it.  I 
tried to imagine her doing so, hoping that she could read my 
mind, but my little trick didn't work, she just kept her hand 
stationary beneath the hanging globe.
      
"Kneel on the floor.  Rest the top of your body on the sofa 
cushion," said Ellen, her voice devoid of its previous 
nervousness.
      
Beth curled her legs to her chest and pushed herself past the 
still seated woman.  I loved her nakedness.  My cock was now 
throbbing. Stealthily, I slipped my hand under the towel and got 
a good grip on myself.  This is one show I knew I would really 
enjoy.
      
"Like this?" asked Beth, moving to a kneeling position at the far 
right side of the sofa and leaning forward, resting her chest on 
the blue velvet cushion and the side of her head on her forearm.
      
"That's just fine," said Ellen, sliding off the sofa and moving 
to a seated position to Beth's left.
      
Ellen leaned slightly forward, her left breast scraping Beth's 
hip. "So this is what you had to work with.  What a perfect ass!"
      
I thought to myself, "How true!" as I watched Ellen place the 
palms of her hands over each of the twin hemispheres and gently 
squeeze the pure white flesh.  "Mmm, that feels good," husked 
Beth.
      
"It's going to feel a whole lot better when I'm through with you.  
She leaned further down and planted a soft kiss on the upper left 
buttock while she sensuously ran her fingernails all over Beth's 
ass, raising tiny goose-bumps across the alabaster surface.
      
Beth hissed loudly, between her teeth.  "Oh, that feels nice!"
      
"It's called the warm-up," said Ellen, running the tips of her 
fingers in a straight line inside the crack of Beth's buttocks, 
all the way down to the anal region.  She was careful, however, 
not to touch the recently deflowered rosebud.  It was obvious she 
knew exactly how to extract every ounce of sexual excitement from 
her willing victim before she really pounced.
      
Beth's breathing was becoming more labored as Ellen played tunes 
along the inside of the ass crack.  "I hope you're not too 
modest," she said, "you're boyfriend is about to get an eyeful."  
I didn't comprehend the meaning of her words until I watched 
Ellen move her hands to Beth's lower ass.  Using primarily her 
thumbs for leverage, she pried apart the two halves of the split 
pumpkin, exposing the pink, round anal button that I had only 
recently deflowered.
      
"I've never felt so exposed," said Beth, feeling both of our eyes 
on her most private area.  She kept her head uplifted and stared 
straight ahead.
      
"Relax," whispered Ellen.  "We're all friends."
      
"Friends usually don't examine each other's assholes," quipped 
Beth.
      
"I like to look at yours," said Ellen.  "It looks so tiny.  How 
did he ever get his cock inside you?"
      
"Very carefully," I said, and we all laughed.
      
Ellen seemed somewhat jealous that I had been the first to invade 
Beth's most private area.  She looked at me with a slight look of 
disdain. "Men don't know how to take good care of a woman's ass.  
It takes a woman to do it right."
      
Beth immediately became defensive.  "I think he did just fine 
just a few minutes ago.  I'm still tingling inside my ass."
      
Ellen got more perturbed.  She turned back and examined the 
opened anal region.  "Wait until I finish with you, honey.  I'll 
make you forget about his cock."
      
She seemed bent on proving to Beth that she could better satisfy 
her sexual needs than I could.  It was a contest now, between me 
and her.  I had already played my part, now it was her turn.  It 
didn't really matter who was better--Beth was the real winner of 
the contest because all she had to do was sit back and enjoy.
      
For the rest of the session, Ellen completely ignored me, 
blocking me from her mind, concentrating only on the job at hand-
-giving Beth the best anal sex she was capable of giving.  She 
ordered Beth to stretch out on the carpet, prone, on her tummy.  
She did so, making a lovely picture with her cute, curved ass and 
tightly closed legs.  She was perpendicular to the sofa, her head 
almost touching its base.  Ellen then turned and sort of squatted 
over Beth's naked back, placing her knees on either side of 
Beth's ribs.  From my vantage point, almost directly behind my 
prone girlfriend's feet, I had a nice view of Ellen's light-
haired pubic area, which she didn't seem to mind. Her boobs 
swayed from side to side with even the slightest of movements; 
her nipples were dark and erect.
      
Ellen leaned forward from the waist, causing her tits to hang 
delightfully downward, like melons on a vine, and placed her 
palms on the back of Beth's upturned thighs.  "Open your legs!" 
she commanded, urging her on by applying pressure with her hands 
upon the delicate, supple flesh. Beth obligingly opened up, 
knowing that she would be baring the length of her hairy crotch 
to the both of us--Ellen from above and me from behind. In doing 
so, her cuntal lips parted stickily, exposing the soft pinkness 
of her slit.  Her vaginal entrance was quite moist, providing 
ample evidence that the anticipation of her sexual involvement 
with another woman was a real turn-on for her.
      
"Raise your ass up!" ordered Ellen.  Beth obliged once more, 
poking the hemispheres upward, providing a prominent display of 
smooth, white flesh.
      
To my complete surprise, the seemingly affectionate Ellen raised 
the palm of her right hand over the upturned cheeks and gave the 
right buttock a good, hard slap which resulted in a loud cracking 
sound.  Beth screamed out, "OUCH! That hurt!" and reflexively 
lowered her abdomen until it was once again flush with the floor.  
Immediately, a red blush appeared where the hand had met her 
flesh.
      
"It's supposed to," husked Ellen, knowing that her straddling 
position over Beth's back prevented her from easily escaping any 
further blows. "Get your ass back up!"
      
Without a word of protest, Beth presented her tail bone once 
more, knowing that Ellen would probably deliver another slap.  
She was right-- Ellen raised her left hand this time and drove it 
hard onto the unmarked left globe, rippling the surface of the 
ass all the way to the top of Beth's thigh.
      
"AHHH!" Beth cried, but, quite surprisingly, kept her backside in 
its upturned state, an apparent indication that she was not 
opposed to receiving more of the same.  I could see Ellen's 
fingerprints imbedded on the soft, smooth skin of Beth's ass.
      
Beth looked down at the reddened buttocks and waited for a few 
moments, studying the buns and the condition she had put on them, 
allowing the pain and the tingling to subside.  "How does your 
ass feel?" she asked.
      
"It's tingling all over!" blurted Beth.
      
"It feels kind of good, doesn't it, Beth?"
      
Beth gulped.  "Y-yes, sort of," she replied.
      
"Do you want some more?"
      
I could almost see Beth's mind racing as she sifted through a 
host of responses to Ellen's question.  She could suggest, 
politely, that she had had enough.  She could tell her to go on 
and risk the consequences of more pain and, perhaps, humiliation.  
After all, her she was getting spanked on her bare bottom by a 
woman, her legs spread wide, exposing even the inside of her sex, 
with her boyfriend seated right behind her, watching everything 
in rapt attention.
      
Finally, she answered the question with one of her own.  "Will it 
hurt very much?"
      
"A little," replied Ellen in a soft, honest tone.  "It's supposed 
to." As she replied, she began scratching the surface of the 
dimpled cheeks with her fingernails, exciting the flesh beneath.  
Beth shivered at the touch.
      
"I...I guess it's okay," said Beth, obviously questioning in her 
own mind if she had given the right answer.
      
Ellen dug her fingers into the opulent flesh of each cheek, 
opening the crack once more, exposing the pink button which she 
regarded as her eventual target.  This would all be part of her 
"warm-up" to the coup de gras to come.
      
"I like the way your skin ripples when I spank it," she husked, 
leaving the cheeks spread for a moment longer as she continued to 
visually examine the exposed anal region.  When she let the 
cheeks bounce back into place, I knew that Beth was about to 
receive a bit more than she had bargained for.  Ellen raised her 
hand over her shoulder this time as she swung it on a downward 
arc, lighting a fire on the exposed flesh as it struck with a 
vengeance.  Ellen's breasts shook like jelly as the blow landed.  
As I watched the unbelievable scene developing before me, I 
stroked my cock harder beneath the towel.
      
"AHHHHHHHHH! OHHHHHH!" Beth cried as a searing pain lit into her 
backside.  "Not that hard!"
      
"I'll decide how hard!" exclaimed Ellen, her brow furrowed.
      
At that moment, Bill, Ellen's husband, came down the ladder from 
the loft and, wide-eyed, looked at the two naked women.  "What's 
going on?  You guys woke me up."  He was wearing only boxer 
shorts.
      
Ellen looked up at him.  "Sit and watch, if you like.  You may 
not approve, but I'm giving Beth a first hand look at a new 
adventure, no pun intended," she said with a wry smile.
      
Bill looked over at me, at the towel over my lap, my hand 
conspicuously beneath it, then back at Beth's spread legs and her 
gorgeous reddened ass.  He seemed to want to apologize for his 
wife's behavior. "From time to time she likes to get on the wild 
side," he said to no one in particular.
      
"Sit down and watch, if you want," said Ellen.
      
Beth hadn't bargained for more audience.  She closed her legs, 
tightly, not desiring to give Bill the same free show she had 
been giving me.  Ellen recognized her reluctance immediately.  
Instead of ordering her to open up and display her treasures, 
however, she merely began massaging Beth's recently spanked ass 
cheeks with slowly kneading fingers, working the flesh beneath 
her fingers like putty.  She seemed to know exactly what to do to 
soothe Beth's obvious humiliation, leaning forward at the waist 
and continuing the massage along the backs of Beth's delicately 
textured thighs.
      
She kept the massage going for several minutes, without speaking, 
working the entire buttocks and the tops of Beth's legs with a 
smooth precision. "That feels nice," Beth sighed, coming out of 
her stupor.
      
Purposely, Ellen's massaging fingers curled around Beth's lower 
ass cheeks every so often and, for the briefest of seconds, 
opened the crack there to expose the pink rosebud.  She seemed to 
be getting Beth used to the idea that it wasn't necessarily wrong 
to exhibit herself to three people at the same time.
      
In time, Beth's breathing became more labored, the kneading 
fingers giving her a new sexual glow.  Almost imperceptibly, 
Ellen leaned forward and placed her hands a bit further between 
Beth's tightly closed legs. With the gentlest of urgings, she 
pushed against the inner thigh muscles and watched as Beth's legs 
parted just a little, relaxing her inhibitions.
      
"You have a beautiful body," whispered Ellen, abandoning the legs 
in their half-parted state and returning her manipulations to the 
reddened ass cheeks.  Beth's position allowed a few of the curls 
of the back of her pussy to peek out from between the 'V' of her 
legs.
      
Ellen alternated between massaging Beth's buttocks and lightly 
scratching the flesh with her fingernails, causing Beth to begin 
moaning once more.  The moans were a signal to Ellen that her 
plan was working. She leaned forward, tits hanging downward 
again, much to my delight, and returned her hands to the insides 
of Beth's legs.  This time her urging was more insistent.  The 
barrier now broken, I watched the legs open once more. I looked 
over at Bill.  He was staring right into the opening.
      
Ellen decided to go for it all, risking losing Beth to pure 
embarrassment, but knowing that if she was successful, no 
barriers would be left.  She moved her hand along the inside of 
Beth's now spread legs, all the way to her hair-filled crotch.  
She ran the index fingers of her hands along each side of the 
exposed pussy lips, pressing softly into the pouting flesh. Beth 
moaned again.  Ellen went for the kill, moving her fingers into 
the cuntal crack and slowly parting the labia, obscenely exposing 
the still moist (even more moist than before) vaginal entrance 
and the engorged clitoral hood.
      
It was a bold move on Ellen's part, but the foreplay had left 
Beth in a transfixed mood, her modesty long forgotten.  Ellen 
knew she had won, and planted the victory flag by running two 
fingers into the pink divide and easing them right into the 
naturally lubricated cuntal opening.  Beth gasped out loud as she 
felt the fingers enter her.  Bill and I excitedly watched the two 
digits slowly disappear into the splayed portal.
      
"It's like a lake!" exclaimed Ellen, moving her fingers back and 
forth inside Beth's canal.  The slurping sound that we all heard 
was ample evidence that Beth was past the point of no return.  
Her moans were now loud and prolonged.
      
Ellen withdrew her glistening fingers and brought them to her 
mouth. Incredulously, I watched as she greedily sucked the cum-
laden digits, tasting Beth's pungent juices on her tongue.  When 
she took the fingers out of her mouth, she looked back down at 
the twin spheres beneath her.
      
"Show me your ass again," she ordered in a firm, somewhat 
demanding voice, then watched as Beth unhesitatingly offered her 
upturned cheeks to Ellen.
      
"Higher!" demanded Ellen.  "Present yourself!"
      
Beth arched her back even more, raising her abdomen well off the 
carpet, poking her ass out smartly.  "That's much better," said 
Ellen. "What do you want me to do?"
      
"Spank me!" cried Beth.
      
"Reach back and open yourself up first.  Show us that cute little 
button!"  Ellen was in complete control now; Beth would be 
willing to do anything, and she knew it.  She felt Beth's hands 
work between her own spread legs and then come to rest on the 
still glowing ass cheeks.  Boldly, Beth pried her own flesh 
apart, exposing the tiny button.
      
Ellen pounced on the opportunity immediately, leaning over until 
her chest was planted in the small of Beth's back, flattening her 
breasts against Beth's body, digging her sex into the upper part 
of Beth's naked body.  In another instant, her face was inside 
the parted buns, planting a soft kiss on the crinkly rosebud.  
Beth screamed out, as if a jolt of lightning had struck her, as 
Ellen worked her tongue into the puckered opening.
      
Almost as soon as she began, Ellen straightened up and ordered 
Beth to move her hands away from her ass.  As soon as she 
complied, Ellen drove a hard slap onto the exposed flesh.  Beth 
cried out in pain.  Ellen used her hands to pry the lower ass 
cheeks apart once more, drove her head between the splayed 
globes, and darted her tongue into the nether portal again. The 
time Beth's moan was longer and louder.  We couldn't see what 
Ellen was doing to Beth's asshole with her tongue, but whatever 
it was it was causing her to beat her toes into the carpet.
      
Ellen lingered longer at the opening this time, rimming the 
rosebud to her heart's delight.  Finally, she straightened up 
again and drove several more stinging spanks upon the completely 
reddened ass, causing Beth to emit shrill cries of pain and 
pleasure.
      
Ellen continued to alternate the spankings and the lickings, 
increasing the length of her rimming each time, and increasing 
the number of hard, cracking slaps with each new round.  Beth was 
now beside herself, making animalistic sounds from deep inside 
her throat, breathing tremulously.  It was obvious to everyone 
when her dam broke.  For the first time in my life I saw a woman 
actually squirt out jets of clear cum, flooding the carpet 
between her spread legs, as the orgasm took control of her entire 
spasming body.
      
"Yes! Yes! Yes!" she cried, straightening her legs out and 
shaking them violently as a few more streams of cum spewed out of 
her pussy.
      
The look on Ellen's face was one of satisfaction, knowing she had 
really done something to my girlfriend that she would never, ever 
forget. But there was still a look of sexual desire written 
across her face.  She eased herself off of Beth's back and 
planted her buttocks on the sofa, then raised her feet off the 
floor and brought those, as well, to the cushion. The effect was 
to utterly expose her sex.
      
She looked down between her own spread legs to the still writhing 
Beth. Her brow was more furrowed than before.  Sexual excitement 
flushed her face. "Do me!" she ordered.
      
Beth looked up at the splayed, wide-open sex.  She had never even 
thought of doing it to someone of her own sex, but Ellen had 
removed every inhibition she had known in the last half-hour.  
She literally dragged her exhausted body to a kneeling position 
between Ellen's invitingly opened legs and plunged her head 
between them.  Ellen bucked her hips upward, forcing her steaming 
crotch into Beth's face.  Beth gave her all, shaking her head 
from side to side, then up and down, fighting to get her lips and 
tongue into every nook and cranny of Ellen's sex.
      
Ellen was beside herself, moaning loudly, her head thrown back 
against the sofa.  She moved her hand to the top of Beth's head 
and tried to guide the incessantly devouring tongue even further 
into her.  She even raised her legs into a wide 'V', her toes 
pointing skyward, as Beth licked the length of her slit and sent 
her head spinning.  "Eat me!  Eat me!" she cried, feeling the 
magic about to happen.  "I'm coming!  I'm coming!"
      
Her entire body seemed to shake with her orgasm as wave upon wave 
of sweet ecstasy spiraled from her loins throughout her spasming 
body.  I had never seen a woman come with such intensity.  To my 
surprise, Beth kept her head between Ellen's legs even after the 
initial shock waves had died down, laving her sex with slow, wide 
swipes of her full tongue, tasting the copious flow of juices 
running from the steaming cunt.
      
When it was over, both women stood up, naked and sweating, and 
embraced, breast to breast.  Bill moved to Ellen's side and put 
his arm around her. Ellen turned to embrace him.  Beth looked 
over at me, red-faced, then walked toward me and planted herself 
on my lap.  Her body was soft and warm and slightly sweaty.  We 
watched as Ellen and Bill went up the ladder to the loft, leaving 
us alone.
      
Beth looked at me as I cuddled her in my lap.  There were tears 
in her eyes and she began sniffling.  "What's the matter?" I 
asked.
      
"I just embarrassed myself," she replied, between tiny sniffles.
      
I cupped her left breast gently, moving my thumb lightly over a 
nipple that had never been so hard.  "You just shone in my eyes," 
I said softly, pulling the towel away from lap and throwing it on 
the floor, allowing my erection to rub against Beth's thigh.
      
"Are you serious?"
      
"Very serious," I replied.  "I thought you were great."
      
"I've never done anything like that before," she said softly, 
searching my eyes for a sense of truth in my replies.
      
"There's nothing wrong with what you did.  The both of you 
enjoyed it, and I enjoyed watching."
      
"You won't think I'm some kind of slut?"
      
I laughed.  "Do you think I'm bad for masturbating while I was 
watching the both of you?"
      
Beth's eyes lit up.  "You didn't!" she gasped.
      
"I did," I confessed.
      
"Did you....ah....did you...."
      
I helped her with her shyness.  "Did I come?"
      
"Yes," she smiled.
      
"No," I replied.  "I was saving that for you."
      
"I'm wanton, David," she whispered.  "I think I'm over-sexed!"
      
I squeezed her tit harder, then pulled her closer to me.  "We 
have something in common," I said.
      
"You're sure you didn't come," she said, sliding her body down 
mine until she was on the floor, her head just above my engorged 
cock.
      
"Good," she whispered, grasping the shaft in her right hand and 
lowering her mouth over me, her lips shaped in the familiar 'O'.  
She took the penis into her, sucking it slightly.
      
"That feels good!" I sighed.
      
She stopped sucking for a moment.  "Don't be afraid," she husked.
      
"Afraid of what?"
      
"Afraid of coming in my mouth," she whispered just before 
lowering her head over me once more and enveloping me with her 
warmth.
      
It didn't take long for her magic to work.  She couldn't have 
bobbed her head up and down on me for more than a deliciously 
sweet minute.  I didn't tell her I was coming; I just let it 
happen, spilling my seed into her as she swallowed each and every 
drop.
      
The very next afternoon Beth was washing her hands at the kitchen 
sink when I came up behind her and pressed myself into her rear, 
putting my hands up underneath her sweater, feeling and gently 
squeezing her breasts through the thin cotton bra.
      
"You're getting me started again," she said.
      
"Mm-mm," I mumbled into her hair.  I could feel my cock beginning 
to grow between her ass cheeks.  I knew she could feel it, too.
      
Turning around then, she put her arms around my neck, our mouths 
found each other, and we pressed our bodies together, tightly.  
It was as close as we could get without actually fucking.  I 
reached down through our meshed bodies and gently kneaded her 
skirt-covered abdomen, pressing lightly just above her pubis.
      
"Don't you think the others will miss us?" she husked, moving her 
pelvis slightly against my roving fingertips.
      
"Let them find something nice to do.  I've already found it."
      
"I guess you have," she whispered sexily, frenching me with her 
tongue and bringing her hand to the back of my neck, gently 
scratching me there with her fingernails as I boldly moved my 
fingers lower and cupped her pubis through the blue denim skirt.
      
"That's nice," she sighed, breaking kiss and moving her cheek 
next to mine, gaining access to my super-sensitive ears.  She 
took the opportunity to blow soft, warm air into my left ear, 
sending chills all over my body.
      
"Blow in my ear and...."
      
"And you'll fuck my brains out," she interrupted.
      
"That's a promise," I said.
      
"I'll hold you to it," she whispered, breathing her words against 
my ear.
      
Her buttocks were pressed tightly against the counter.  Her legs 
were opened as wide as the somewhat tight denim would allow.  
When the tip of her tongue found ear canal to its liking, I 
nearly busted my gourd.
      
I moved both of my hands to the bottom of her sweater which lay 
loosely around her waist and, in one quick motion, pulled the 
soft wool over her girlish breasts, exposing the plain white 
cotton bra.  She was never one for really fancy underthings.  
Someday I would teach her how to dress sexily underneath her 
dignified exterior.
      
"Aren't you going to take it all the way off," she asked, 
somewhat surprised that I left the sweater bunched beneath her 
armpits.
      
"When I'm ready," I replied, lowering my head to her chest and 
planting my lips right in the center of the right cup of her bra.  
The nipple beneath the thin garment was already turgid.  I bit 
the nubbin lightly, through the bra cup, causing Beth to moan 
softly.
      
There were no more formalities between us.  If the weekend had 
done nothing, it left us both with the understanding that we 
could do anything we wanted to each other's bodies.  There was no 
more pretense to our love-making.  We were both surprised to 
learn that we would do the same things in front of an audience of 
our friends that we would do in the privacy of our bedroom.  
There was no longer a need for modesty on either of our parts.  
We were beyond that now.  It was the perfect relationship.
      
As I gently bit the nipple pf her left breast, I worked my 
fingers beneath the strap that ran from cup to cup in the front 
of her bra and moved my fingers beneath the cotton until I found 
the softness her other breast. How could I mind if these mounds 
were only cupcake-sized?  They were sensitive to the Nth degree, 
especially her nipples, which I loved to suckle like a baby.
      
"It's a lot more pleasurable if you suck on the real thing," she 
said, reaching behind her back and unhooking the clasp which held 
the bra in place. I felt it loosen over my hand, so I pushed it 
upward, baring her breasts, and let it mingle with the sweater 
still bunched above her chest. Immediately, I clamped my lips on 
an available nipple and sucked greedily, deriving my own pleasure 
just listening to the soft moans my efforts were causing.
      
I continued sucking on her elongated nipple for several more 
delicious moments.  She seemed to find the most enjoyment out of 
my sucking the nubbin as hard as I could, drawing it deep into my 
mouth, then playing a rhapsody upon it with the tip of my tongue.  
Each time I did that little number on her, she drove her loins 
against mine, really hard, pressing her pubis against my cock, 
dry-humping me.
      
I tried to pull my lips away from her swollen nubbin, but she 
reached behind my head and pulled my face back into her tit, 
urging me on with animalistic noises that seemed to come from 
deep within her throat.
      
I was almost afraid to abandon the area for fear of being 
smothered by her tit.  Finally, I spoke into the nipple, without 
pulling my head back. "There is something else I would like to 
suck," I said, placing my hands on her hips and pulling her lower 
body into mine, hoping she would get the hint.
      
My ploy worked.  Immediately, I felt Beth's hands press downward 
on my shoulders.  "Kneel!" she commanded.
      
Who was I to disobey such an order?  I fell to my knees like a 
wounded deer, still holding on to her supple hips.  Her skirt-
covered abdomen was now inches from my face.  The blue denim 
called to me.  As I felt Beth's hand press lightly on the back of 
my head, I moved my face forward and planted my still eager lips 
right over her pubis, pressing into her skirt with my chin.
      
"Yes!" she cried as I started chomping on the denim, dry-eating 
her.
      
I was really turned on now.  My hands moved from her hips 
downward, along her tightly stretched skirt, until they came to 
rest on the backs of her knees.  As usual, she wore no stockings.  
I had told her long ago that bare legs turned me on.  She pressed 
her pubis against my mouth as my hands began their upward trek, 
this time along the satiny softness of the backs of her thighs.  
In the process, I was slowly pushing her skirt higher. Finally, I 
had to move my head back to give the material room to move ever 
upward.
      
It wasn't long before the white 'V' of her panty crotch came into 
view, and with it, the deliriously wonderful smell of her sex 
which I knew had long ago began to moisten the plain white, silky 
undies.  As my lips moved toward the reinforced panty crotch, I 
moved my hands all the way up the back of her skirt and clasped 
her ass, tightly, even being so bold as to move my fingers 
beneath the panty leg and feel the warm skin of her ass.
      
It was easy, then, to move my lips over her pubis once more.  
This time, however, I could feel the thick forest of curls 
beneath the thin material, and I used my tongue to find the 
swollen clitoral hood, hidden beneath the panty crotch.  With her 
skirt around her waist, there was nothing to stop her legs from 
opening wider.  Without asking her to do so, Beth leaned back 
into the counter and opened her legs wide enough for me to have 
easy to the entire length of her panty crotch.
      
"Mmm," I sighed, "did I ever tell you how much I love panties?"  
I planted hundreds of tiny kisses on the insides of her thighs in 
between nuzzling my nose or lips in her sweet-smelling, albeit 
still protected snatch.
      
Beth giggled.  "I think you might have mentioned it a time or 
two...OH! That feels nice!  Kiss me right there....a little 
higher....that's it....perfect....use your tongue....AHHH!"  She 
pulled my head flush against her completely moistened panty 
crotch.  I paid special attention to the clitoris and vaginal 
entrance as I ate her right through the silky material.
      
Finally, after what seemed an eternity of crotch kisses, I stood 
up. Beth kept her legs well opened, so I was able to work the 
head of my penis, still inside my pants, right up against her 
box.  She wrapped her arms around my shoulders and hugged me.
      
"What would you like me to do?" I whispered, my face just inches 
from her partly opened mouth.
      
"What are my choices?" she said with a sexy grin, her head 
slightly cocked to the side.
      
"Well, let's see....I could pull your panties down and eat you."
      
"Uh-uh."
      
"I could pull your panty crotch to the side and fill you with my 
cock."
      
"Mmm, which hole would you fill?" she cooed.
      
I smiled.  "What are my choices?"
      
Beth laughed.  "My ass and my...my...."
      
"Say it!"
      
She looked so serious now.  "It sounds so bad."
      
"Say it!" I said quite firmly.
      
"And my cunt," she blurted, her face turning a bright shade of 
red.
      
"Say it again, Beth.  Tell me what you want me to do."
      
"I want you fuck them both--my asshole and my cunt!"  She closed 
her eyes, obviously embarrassed with herself.  This boldness was 
new territory for her.  We had come a long way in just a few 
short months.
      
"If I can't do them both, which would you choose?"
      
"I...I guess my pussy."  She pressed her crotch tightly against 
the erection in my pants.
      
"And what would you do for me?"
      
"Do I have to say it?" she said in a pleading voice.
      
"Yes," I replied.
      
"I would suck your cock and...."
      
"Yes?"
      
"And lick your balls....even your asshole if you want me to."  
Her face was really red now.
      
"Undo my belt buckle and unzip my trousers, Beth.  Take my cock 
out and look at it."  She licked her lower lip, sensuously, as 
she slid her body down mine until she was kneeling on the floor 
in front of me.  There was a wild, wanton look on her face.  The 
thought passed my mind for the briefest of seconds that I had 
created an insatiable monster these past few days.  She seemed 
always ready for getting it on now, alone or in front of others, 
with me or with one of my friends (male or female).
      
Before touching the belt, she leaned forward and kissed the area 
of the pants that bulged with my manhood.  "I love to see your 
cock, your beautiful cock," she sighed as she moved her fingers 
to my belt buckle and deftly undid it.  The waist button was 
next.  Then, using the fingers of her left hand to hold the waist 
band in place, she drew the zipper down with her right hand, 
slowly freeing my cock from the tight confinement of my trousers.
      
"And what do we have here?" she smiled, parting the front halves 
of my pants and pulling them over my hips and then down my legs, 
leaving me clad in a shirt and underpants.  I looked down at her; 
her eyes were fixed on the swelling in my shorts.  The palms of 
her hands went to my hips.  She licked her lips again.
      
"An old friend of yours," I said.
       
"A close friend of mine," she retorted.
      
"How do you greet close friends?"
      
"Mmm," she sighed, "with a kiss....with a nice, soft kiss...."  
She moved her fingers to the waist band of my shorts and slowly 
drew the material over the head of my skyward pointing cock, only 
far enough to expose the flared cockhead, red and waiting.
      
She leaned her head forward and planted a soft, dispassionate 
kiss on the exposed cockhead, a kind of "How-nice-to-see-you-
again" kiss.  She then pulled her head back and, staring right at 
my tumescent member, slowly drew the shorts all the way down, 
pulling them from side to side until they rested at my thighs, 
the moved them the rest of the way down in one smooth motion.  I 
stepped out of the pants and shorts which had encircled my feet 
and kicked the clothes to the side.
      
I felt really sexy, standing in front of Beth with my shirt-tail 
to either side of my standing sword.  The way she affectionately 
stared at it made me feel good.  "You have a beautiful cock," she 
whispered.
      
"Thank you."
      
"You know, if we weren't such good friends, I would pay you good 
money to let me suck it for you."
      
"How much?" I laughed.
      
"It's priceless," she sighed.
      
"I'll have it bronzed," I quipped.
      
"Oh, no!  It wouldn't be the same.  It's not only the hardness, 
it's the texture, the color, the feel...."
      
"Still, it's only a cock.  There are millions of others like it."
      
"Mmm.  But this one is my cock!"  She grasped the middle of the 
shaft in the palm of her right hand and squeezed it, causing the 
head to flare even more.
      
"Look how red it gets when I squeeze it!"
      
"I guess that sort of normal, Beth."
      
"Does it stay all red like that when it's in my mouth....or my 
pussy...or my...ass....?"
      
"I really can't say, and I don't know if there's really a way to 
find out.  I mean, I can't see it when it's inside you."
      
"Do you think if I sucked on it a little, and then pulled it out-
-real quick--if it was red when I pulled it out it would have 
been red when it was inside my mouth?"
      
I was beginning to become impatient with her joking around.  "Why 
don't you just try it," I said, trying to sound as exasperated as 
possible.
      
"My, aren't we becoming testy," she said with just a slight 
smile.
      
"I hate to waste a hard-on," I said.
      
Beth looked lovingly at the still erect shaft.  "It will never go 
to waste as long as I'm around."  She looked up at me, with those 
puppy-dog eyes of hers, which seemed more full of the devil now 
than I had ever seen. She licked her lips, sensuously.  I gulped, 
anticipating that those thick lips soon be wrapped around my 
cock.
      
Her gaze went on for several moments.  Finally, I lost my 
patience. "Suck me, please," I begged.
      
"I thought you'd never ask," she said with a broad smile, pulling 
the cockhead down until it was almost perpendicular to my body.  
I watched her lips form the familiar 'O' I longed for.  I wanted 
to plunge myself into her, but decided to wait and let her do all 
the work.  After all, I had waited long enough.
      
The wait, dear reader, was more than worth it.  I don't know whom 
she had been practicing on, and I didn't care.  I just closed my 
eyes and enjoyed the pure, sweet ecstasy of the moment.  She 
began with something she never done before--using the tip of her 
tongue to rim my pee-hole.  She continued that for about a 
minute, changing only the amount of pressure she applied to the 
endeavor or the rhythm of her tongue, sometimes slow, sometimes 
fast. Finishing that, she began sucking the entire cockhead, once 
more varying the pace of her actions.  Sometimes, she sucked so 
hard on the morsel of meat her cheeks were almost completely 
caved in.  The feeling was utterly fantastic.
      
She stopped for a moment, letting my cock slide our of her mouth, 
across her lower lip, where I watched a thin strand of her saliva 
jump from her lip to my cock.  She looked up at me again.  "You 
like?"
      
"I like," I replied.  "I like very much."
      
She simply smiled and opened her lips once more.  This time she 
drew the penis all the way inside her mouth, coating it with a 
copious amount of her saliva.  At the same time, she placed her 
fingers under my balls, cupping them gently, feeling their 
weightiness, balancing one and then the other.  Then she did 
something else she had never done--she took the cock out of her 
mouth and went right for my left testicle, sucking it softly into 
her mouth and running the tip of tongue all over it.  I groaned 
loudly from the pure pleasure of her action.
      
Having devoured one testicle, she went to work on the other, 
sucking it back and forth, teasing it with her tongue, nibbling 
on it ever so gently. Then she got brave--she opened her mouth as 
wide as she could and took my entire sack inside it, resuming her 
sucking and licking, working the tip of her tongue between the 
testicles.  She kept it up for a good five minutes, non-stop, 
while I revelled in the absolute sexual enjoyment of it.
      
When she stopped and looked up at me once more, I am certain she 
could tell I was beside myself.  "You're fucking fantastic!" I 
gasped.
      
"Turn around!" she commanded.  Her face had a look of pure 
desire.
      
I turned, showing her my hairy butt. I could feel her eyes on my 
nakedness.  "Bend over a little and spread your cheeks apart!" 
she ordered.
      
I opened my legs a bit more, for balance, then bent at the waist 
and moved my hands to my backside.  She had never seen my most 
private area, nor had she expressed any interest in it, at least 
up until now.  I felt funny, prying my ass cheeks apart, exposing 
my anus to her.
      
"Hold still," she whispered, then moved her head forward and 
began kissing, ever so softly, the inside of the splayed crack of 
my ass, being careful to avoid, at least for the present, the 
puckered ring so near her lips.  She used her tongue to lick the 
entire length of my crack, back and forth, perhaps a dozen or 
more times, each time stopping just short of the anus.  She 
seemed to be working up the nerve to do something she had never 
done before (though Ellen had already done it to her).
      
Her tonguing of my ass crack would have been enough if she had 
lost her nerve.  I could have turned and pulled her up to me, 
pulled her panties down, and stuck it to her.  That alone would 
have been most enjoyable.  I had almost given up on a rim job 
when Beth reached around to my front and grasped my cock, slowly 
stroking it.  Almost simultaneously, she pursed her lips and 
surrounded my anus with them.  I moaned loudly.  The feeling was 
stupendous!
      
At first, she merely kissed the puckered opening, building up 
more of her nerve with each passing moment.  My continuous moans 
told her I was really enjoying her work.  The dual sensation of a 
hand job and an anal kiss was as pleasurable a time I had had 
sexually in many years.  I didn't want it to ever stop.  But the 
best was yet to come!
      
Beth's tongue moved out of her mouth slowly, almost 
imperceptibly. It took me several seconds to realize that the tip 
of her tongue was actually tickling my anus.  Her movements were 
subtle, calculated to increase my pleasure by the tiniest of 
degrees.  Had she just plunged her tongue into me, the sensations 
wouldn't have been so agonizingly wonderful.  What she was doing 
was leading me, in her own way, millimeter by millimeter, into an 
ecstasy I had never known.
      
Then she did another thing that no woman had ever done to me 
until now--she actually sucked my anus into her mouth!  
"AHHHHHHHH!" I cried out. The feeling was exquisite, exquisite 
beyond any words I can use to describe it.  I know she had never 
done this to anyone, yet the pleasures she was giving me paled 
before everything else that had ever happened to me sexually.
      
When she began to slowly work the tip of tongue into the center 
of my anal opening, to begin the actual rimming of my asshole, I 
thought I would faint from the sheer enjoyment of it.  I could 
actually feel my ring expanding as her tongue went deeper and 
deeper into me.  Women had tried to do similar things to me in 
the past, but none came close to Beth was doing to me now. Not 
satisfied with having penetrated me, she soon began pistoning her 
tongue in and out of my anus with varying rhythms and speeds. I 
derived the greatest pleasure when she kind of wiggled her tongue 
as it moved forward into my lower rectum.
      
She was insatiable once more, unrelenting in her desire to feed 
her tongue into my greedy asshole.  I knew the exquisite 
pleasures she was giving me, from front and back, would soon take 
their toll, and it did. "Beth!  I'm going to come!" I cried.
      
Instead of relaxing, she pumped my cock faster and drove her 
tongue further into me than I would have thought possible.  I 
shall never forget the unbelievable feeling of my asshole 
contracting around her tongue as I came in torrents, spilling my 
sperm on the linoleum floor below.  Having spent, I literally 
dropped to the floor in a tired heap, completely exhausted.
      
Beth excused herself and went to the bathroom, where she cleaned 
up and returned.  She had taken the time to fix herself up, 
straightening out her sweater, refastening her bra, and pulling 
her skirt back into place.  I started to get up, but she knelt 
beside me for a briefly and whispered in my ear, "You're not done 
yet."  Her breath smelled of mouthwash.
      
I turned over on my back, wearing only my shirt, my cock at half- 
staff. She smiled as she cradled my head in her right arm.  "I'm 
not done yet," I repeated, my face turning quizzical.
      
"Don't you have something for me?" she whispered.
      
"Like what?"
      
"Oh, I don't know."  She gently eased my head to the floor and 
stood up. From my prone position, I had a worms-eye view of the 
world, and that world included a perfect look right up her blue 
denim skirt, all the way to the white-pantied crotch.  Not 
satisfied that I could see all that she was willing to show me, 
she shifted her legs to either side of my head, straddling 
it,improving  my vantage.  The picture was delightful!
      
"I like the view from here," I said.
      
Looking down at me, she smiled, wickedly.  "I'll bet you do.  
Most men would give their left testicle to be where you are."  
Her hands were on her hips.  She was queen of the mountain.  Was 
I her willing slave?
      
"Why am I getting the view for free?  Do I have to give up my 
testicle?" Beth's panties were caught in her crotch, offering me 
a nice look at the outline of her cuntal crack.
      
"It's not for free, you'll have to pay for it, but I need your 
balls for other things."
      
"I'm broke.  I can't pay for it."
      
"You don't need money--just stick out your tongue."  I played her 
silly game, sticking my tongue out.
      
Beth sing-songed a little, "Open you mouth and close your eyes 
and you will get a big surprise!"  I hadn't heard it since I was 
five years old.  I opened my mouth, allowing my tongue to wag 
like a worm on a hook.  Who knows what kinds of fish might swim 
in these waters!  I refused to close my eyes, however.  Giving up 
this view would be pure torture.
      
Beth hiked her dress well up her bare, white legs, exposing even 
more of the front and back of her silky, white panties.  I felt 
my loins begin to stir once more as my cock, as if on cue, began 
to spring back to life. "Mmm, we seem to be growing bigger 
again!" she exclaimed, her eyes fastened on my growing member.
      
"Reflexive action," I acknowledged.
      
"Play with it," she said, quite nonchalantly.  At first I didn't 
comprehend what she had asked me to do.
      
"Excuse me?"
      
"Play with your cock--make it nice and hard for me," she said, 
this time with a voice barely above a whisper.
      
I didn't need much encouragement.  No matter what I did, I knew I 
would be the recipient of some great sex.  Our relationship was 
filled with that now, and I loved every moment.  I grasped my 
cock in my left hand and began milking it, slowly, while I looked 
up and enjoyed the lovely sights between her legs.
      
"Squeeze it more tightly," she husked.  "Keep your tongue out!"
      
If my hand stroking my now almost fully erect penis was a 
catalyst for more sex, my tongue was the bait, and Beth knew it.  
Ever so slowly, without taking her eyes from me masturbatory 
activities, she began to lower her ass and crotch closer and 
closer to my face as she worked herself into a squatting 
position.  Her widening legs pulled the pantie crotch out of her 
cuntal crack and spread the reinforced silk to either side of her 
crotch.  Only a few dark brown curls peeked out of the sides of 
the white material.
     
"Move your hand faster," she husked.  "I like to watch you jerk 
off."
     
I obeyed her, increasing the speed of my hand on my shaft, not 
feeling the slightest bit of embarrassment.  To the contrary, I 
kind of enjoyed putting on a little show for her.  If that's what 
turned her on, I would do it forever.  She moved her crotch even 
closer to my waiting face, stopping sort of plastering me with 
her sex.  I could smell her now, that familiar odor of pungent 
womanhood I had come to love.
     
"Is your tongue still out?" she asked, unable to see my face 
anymore with her skirt in the way.
     
"Yes," I replied.
     
"Good, don't move it.  I am going to fuck your tongue," she 
whispered. I was somewhat surprised by her crudity, but anything 
that Beth said or did now.  She reached her left hand between her 
squatting legs and grasped the edge of her crotch with her 
fingers.  In one quick motion, she pulled the panty crotch to the 
other side, baring her curls and the pink, gaping slit. The 
entrance to her moisture-laden vagina was wide-open and inviting.  
I continued stroking my tumescent cock.
     
"What do you want to do to me?" she asked.
     
"I want to eat you."
     
"What do you want to eat?"
     
I could tell she wanted me to talk dirty to her.  I could almost 
tell by the sound of her voice when needed a little vocal 
stimulation.  "I want to eat your pussy."
      
"Where does your tongue go?"
     
"In your cunt.  In your beautiful cunt," I replied.
     
"Where else?"
     
I gulped.  She was leading me on now.  "In your ass, if you want 
me to." Since she had already done it to me, reciprocating might 
be fun.  "Do I have a choice?"
     
"No," she replied.  "The choice is mine.  Your choice was to 
bring me here this weekend and turn me inside out.  I'm a totally 
different woman now than I was two days ago.  There is nothing I 
wouldn't do."
     
Whatever her choice was, I wanted her to make it soon.  Her 
womanly smells were intoxicating me; I was like a dog in heat.  
"Let me suck your cunt, Beth!" I pleaded.
     
In an instant, she smothered me with her hairy crotch, pressing 
her sex against my face, covering my nose and lips and cheeks 
with the copious flows of her cunt.  I shoved my tongue into her 
vagina like a man possessed.  She screamed out loud and began 
moving her crotch in a slow, sexy, circular motion over my 
ensconced tongue, spreading more of her juices over my face.
     
As I felt for every nook and cranny inside the warm, dark 
opening, I felt her unbuttoning my shirt.  As I tongued her for 
all I was worth, she pulled my shirt to the side, having 
unbuttoned it completely, and began scratching my chest lightly 
with her fingernails.  I knew I couldn't come again, so soon, but 
I stroked my cock frantically, knowing Beth was watching my every 
move.
     
It was one of the most pleasant pussy-eating experiences I had 
ever known.  Beth continued to churn her crotch over my face 
while I tongued her slit with increasing vigor and enthusiasm, 
causing her to make all sorts of animalistic sounds.
     
Then, almost as soon as it had started, it stopped.  Beth pushed 
herself into a standing position and moved off slightly to the 
side, removing the glorious worms-eye view I had had of her now 
steaming crotch. Her completely flushed face was somewhat 
contorted; I could almost see her mind racing with sexual 
thoughts.
     
"Follow me!" she ordered, then turned and walked toward the 
living room.
     
Shedding my shirt which she had thoughtfully unbuttoned, I 
followed her. Her skirt had fallen back into place; I admired the 
way it fit over her tight little ass.  I felt odd, me being 
entirely naked and her being entirely clothed, as we moved into 
the living room.  As she turned to face me, I stopped.  Her eyes 
darted immediately to my erection.
     
"Come closer to me," she commanded.  I felt like I was completely 
under her power.
     
As I neared her, she brought her eyes to my face.  Our eyes met. 
Using only my thoughts, hoping that somehow she could read my 
mind, I told her I wanted to fuck her brains out.  Her lips broke 
into an understanding smile. "Strip me," she said.  "Make me 
naked for you."
     
I wasted no time in moving my hands to the bottom of her sweater.  
I drew it swiftly upward, over her head, then up and over her 
raised hands. Throwing it on a nearby chair, I turned my 
attention back to her.  I had seen sexier bras, and I had seen 
cups that were filled much more, but Beth knew how much I adored 
her bite-sized breasts and super-sensitive nipples. I moved 
closer to her and put my arms around her back, quickly locating 
the hooked strap.  In the process, my erection brushed lightly 
against her skirt-covered thigh.
     
I fumbled slightly with the catch, then finally unhooked it.  
Beth's girlish tits sprang into view as she bra slid down her 
arms onto the floor, falling like a handkerchief.  Her pink 
nipples were already elongated, looking so inviting in the center 
the darker areola.  I wanted to suck them immediately, but wanted 
her naked even more.
     
The denim skirt had no belt.  There was a button just under her 
tummy and a zipper beneath, somewhat like a man's.  I put one 
hand inside the waist band of the skirt as Beth obligingly held 
her stomach in, while I used my free hand to unbutton and unzip 
her.  The material parted into a wide 'V', exposing her upper 
abdomen and the top of her white panties.  I pushed the skirt 
downward, over her hips, past the bikini-styled undies, then 
watched it fall of its own accord in a circle around her feet.
     
When my cock accidentally brushed against Beth's now bare thigh, 
she looked up at me and grinned, sheepishly.  "It gets in the way 
sometimes," she said with a slight smile, lowering her head to 
gaze upon it once more.
     
I admired the fullness of her pubic region, how her mons veris 
seemed to fill her panties so completely.  She was one of the few 
women I had known who really knew how to carry themselves when 
they were naked.  It was perfectly natural to her that I placed 
my thumb inside the waistband of her tightly clinging silky-
whites and drew them over her hips.  I knelt I one knee to 
complete the task of lowering them to her feet where she helped 
me shed them for her.
      
I remained kneeling, for the moment, my face inches from Beth's 
now naked abdomen, and gazed upon the delicate beauty of the 
thick patch of dark brown curls which adorned her pubic region.   
I felt her hand touch the top of my head and thought she was 
going to pull my face into the curly forest.  Surely she knew I 
was admiring her treasures there.
     
Instead, she whispered, "Stand up, I want to feel you next to 
me."
     
We had one thing in common--an appreciation of the joy one feels 
when one naked person embraces a similarly undressed person.  The 
feeling of thigh meeting thigh, the hardness of the erection 
against the softness of the female abdomen, the sensation of a 
woman's pubic hairs pressing against your leg, the joy of her 
breasts flattened against your chest, gave strong sexual urges to 
the both of us.
     
"I love you," I whispered.  It was the first time I had told her 
so.
     
"I love you, too."  We kissed, timidly at first, then with 
increasing intensity as we pushed our abdomens into one anothers.
     
"I like you naked," I said into her mouth, not even breaking the 
kiss.
     
"You're so hard!" she husked, pressing her pubis even harder into 
mine in order to punctuate her statement.  "I want you to fuck me 
so bad."
     
"Let's go to the sofa," I suggested.
     
"I want you to do something first."
     
"What's that?"
     
"Do you remember what Ellen did to me?"
     
"You mean last night?"
     
"Yes," she demurely replied, her head lowered in embarrassment.
     
"How could I forget," I said.
     
"Would you do that for me, too?  I think I would like that."  She 
closed her eyes briefly, then opened them.  It was a sensual 
gesture, partly out of shyness.
     
"You mean to spank you or to use my tongue on your anus?"
     
Beth blushed, profusely.  Her eyes looked pensive.  "How about 
both?" she finally blurted.
     
I smiled.  "If you want me to."
     
"I want," she said, her voice soft as the morning.  "I'm clean 
there; I washed extra good all over when I took a shower 
earlier."
     
"I wasn't worried about it," I said with a slight smile.
     
She broke our embrace and turned 180 degrees, facing away from 
me.  It was obvious that she wanted me to examine the cute little 
buns that I would soon be enjoying.  "Kneel on the sofa cushion," 
I implored, then watched her walk on padded feet to the velvet-
cushioned settee.  Her ass looked particularly inviting as she 
mounted the sofa, planting her knees on the cushion.
     
She turned her head to the side and looked back at me.  "Like 
this?" she asked.
     
"Poke your buns out more," I suggested.  "That's it....and open 
your legs just a little....Good....Oh, Beth, your ass is 
exquisite."
     
She giggled like a teenager.  "Are you sure you want to go 
through with this, David?"
     
"I'm sure," I replied.  "Open yourself up for me."
     
She threw a furtive glance my way as I moved closer to her, my 
hard-on raging.  "You mean...."
     
Interrupting her in mid-sentence, I said, quite firmly, "I mean 
spread your ass cheeks--now!"
     
She blushed once more, turning her head away from me, facing the 
front. Her hands moved to her delectable buns.  She mumbled 
something unintelligible as she used four fingers of each hand to 
pry apart the two globes.  There was her anus once more, round, 
puckered, crinkled, light pink in color.  It seemed so tight, I 
wondered how I was ever able to take her there last night.
     
"This is a little embarrassing," she said with a nervous twinge 
in her voice.
     
"You weren't embarrassed when Ellen opened you up back there.  I 
got a real nice view then, you know."
     
She giggled nervously again.  "It's a little different when 
someone is standing directly behind you with a big erection."
     
I laughed.  "Do you want me to fuck you there again?"
     
"Mmm.  What a nice idea!  But I would like you to do some other 
things first."
     
My mind raced.  "Like what?"
     
"Do you remember how Ellen spanked me?"
     
"Of course."
     
"I want you to make it hurt even more."
     
I looked at her, wide-eyed.  "She was spanking you pretty hard.  
It would be difficult for me to...."
     
"You have a belt on your pants?" she interrupted.
     
I couldn't believe my ears.  "Yes," I replied.
     
"Use it!" she begged.
     
At first I thought she was kidding, but the look in eyes, that 
assertive glance, told me different.  "You want me to whip you 
with my belt?" I asked, somewhat incredulously.
     
"If you don't want to...."
     
"Oh, no," I interjected.  "I just wanted to understand what you 
were saying."
     
"If I need to make it more obvious, I will.  I want you to use 
you belt on my ass.  Double it up in your fist and wail away.  I 
really want you to, David."  She was doing more than pleading, 
she was begging.  I bent down and picked up my pants, then drew 
the leather belt through the loops. Beth looked back at me, still 
blushing, as I doubled the inch-wide leather in my hand.
     
"How hard?" I asked.
     
"As hard as you want," she husked.
     
"What if the others come in?"
     
She smiled, wickedly.  "Won't they be surprised!!!"  She arched 
her back and presented her lovely buns.  They were mine to do 
whatever I wanted with.
     
I watched Beth bite her lower lip, nervously.  She looked at me 
once more.  "Don't hold back," she whispered.  "I want it to 
hurt."
     
I had no idea how badly she wanted it to hurt.  When I drew my 
arm back and gave her what I thought was a fairly good whack with 
the leather belt, right across the center of her ass, she jumped 
slightly and gave out with a quick, shrill cry.  Her buns rippled 
slightly, and a red welt appeared instantly.
     
"Mmm, that's nice," she said, quite matter-of-factly.  "Can you 
do it a bit harder?"
     
"Are you serious?" I asked incredulously.
     
"It gives me a nice glow, David.  It doesn't hurt that bad; it 
sort of hurts nice," she laughed.
     
She had to be serious.  She really didn't want me to hold back.  
My fear of hurting her too much was pretty much overcome by her 
seeming indifference to the first stroke against her split 
pumpkin.  "If I didn't double it up, it would sting like hell," I 
told her.
      
"No, not yet.  Work me up to it, slowly.  Show me how strong you 
are with the belt like that first."
     
"All right.  It's your rear end."  I reached back and gave her 
another good, hard lash.  The loud crack of leather against flesh 
resounded throughout the room.  She screamed again, louder this 
time.  I knew it had to have hurt her more than the first one.
     
She was breathing quite heavily now, waiting for the pain in her 
ass cheeks to turn to the glowing tingle she yearned for.  
"That's better," she said, taking a deep breath and then letting 
it out.  "Whew!  What a glow!"
     
"Your buns are starting to turn red as a beet," I said.
    
 "I know.  I can feel the heat!  I hope you're enjoying this as 
much as I am."
     
I admitted to myself that it was sort of fun letting out some of 
pent- up aggressions and nervousness.  "I hope you don't get mad 
at me later for doing this."
     
Beth laughed.  "The only time I'll get mad is if you get wimpy or 
scared and start to hold back.  Can you do it just a teensy bit 
harder?"
     
"You're a glutton for punishment," I quipped.
     
"I guess I am.  Turn up the heat, baby!"
     
This time I held nothing back, driving the belt across her lower 
ass with such force that as she screamed she lunged forward into 
the sofa.  Her ass rippled like crazy.  She quickly brought the 
palms of her hands to the glowing fire at her backside, trying to 
rub and soothe the pain away.
     
"Oh, that one hurt!" she blurted.
     
"I was afraid it was getting too much," I said apologetically.
     
"Hey, who said it was too much.  That's just about right.  You're 
not going to believe this, but that last one made me cum just a 
little.  This is fantastic!"
     
"What kind of a monster have I created this weekend?"
     
Beth laughed, despite the pain that was still burning her 
buttocks. "A very sexual one," she replied.  "Of course, if you 
can't do it, there's always Bill...."
     
I think she made the last comment to stir me up.  She was really 
asking for it now.  Without telling her, I let the belt loop drop 
from my hand, watching the double strand become one.  I knew this 
one would sting like hell.
 
"Move your hands away from your ass!" I ordered.
     
Even as she moved her hands off of her gorgeous ass, I was moving 
my arm back and taking aim at the delectable, perfectly rounded 
globes.  This time I heard the belt whistle through the air just 
before it landed sharply across the sensitive backs of her 
thighs.  The crack of leather against skin and ear-piercing 
scream melded into one.  The force of the stroke caused her to 
fall on her side crying "AHHHHHH!  OHHHHHH!" between labored 
breaths.
     
"Do you still want Bill?" I shouted over her cries.
     
"I was just kidding.  OH!  My legs are on fire!  OH!  That one 
hurt like hell!"
     
I think I was finally getting to her.  She wasn't nearly as 
uppity now. I was in control of the situation at last.  "Get back 
up on your knees. Present yourself!" I commanded.
     
She literally dragged herself back to a kneeling position, then 
bent at the waist and arched her back, raising her ass invitingly 
upward once more. The last stroke had left an ugly red welt 
across the backs of her thighs.  "Do you want more?" I shouted.
     
"I....I don't know.  It hurts like the dickens," she whimpered.
     
I figured she had had enough.  There would be other times for me 
to test her threshold of pain.  I knew what she liked now, what 
she needed. My erection needed something of its own right now.  I 
moved directly behind her. "Open your legs wider!"
     
Obediently, she spread her legs wider, gaping her fig.  "You're 
not going to whip my pussy!" she cried.
     
"I should, to teach you a lesson, but I have other plans for you. 
Reach back between your legs with your hand."  I watched her hand 
pop out between her parted legs.  I bent my knees slightly and 
eased my cock into her waiting fingers.  She grasped me tightly, 
then stroked the tumescent pole.
     
"I love your cock," she husked.
     
"Put it in your cunt," I demanded.  It was the first time she had 
ever heard me refer to her sex in such vulgar terms.
     
"I'd like for you to do my ass," she begged.
     
"I intend to.  I need your pussy for lubrication.  Put it in!"  
Beth pulled the phallus toward her gaping pussy, centered it 
beneath her vagina, then helped me ease it into her.  Her hole 
was as hot as I'd ever known it!
     
"Oh, David, that feels nice!  I want you deep inside me, baby.  
All the way in!"  I shoved myself all the way inside her, to the 
hilt, pressing my pubic hairs against hers, allowing them to 
mingle.
     
"Oh, David, that feels nice!  I want you deep inside me, baby.  
All the way in!"  I shoved myself all the way inside her, to the 
hilt, pressing my pubic hairs against hers, allowing them to 
mingle with hers, working my pubic bone against her clitoral 
area.  She pushed her sex against me, straining to arouse her 
clit.  I pumped her, slowly at first, then increased the rhythm, 
then decreased it.  Sometimes I shoved it deep inside and held it 
there while she bucked her vagina up and down on it, while other 
times I rode the crest of her undulating hips as we fucked in 
unison.
     
The weekend had changed Beth.  She was no longer reticent about 
saying what she wanted or doing things she probably would not 
have dreamed of doing only a few weeks ago.  Our relationship had 
changed also.  I knew now that she would find nothing wrong with 
my making love to some other girl in front of her, nor would I 
find fault if she wanted to screw my best friend. We both knew we 
would always come back to each other.  As I fucked her, I felt a 
closeness that I hadn't felt in a long, long time.
     
"Are you going to fuck my ass, or not?" she said with a slight 
laugh, but I knew she wasn't kidding.
     
"What's your hurry?  You feel great right here!" I exclaimed, 
stuffing her box once more, knowing that my teasing her would 
make her want me in her other opening all the more.
     
"You promised, David," she husked as her breathing became 
conspicuously heavier.  She was almost begging.
     
"Reach back and open yourself up for me," I ordered, then watched 
her hands move to her lower ass cheeks and obediently pry the two 
halves apart, exposing the crinkled 'O' to my leering eyes.
     
"More," I insisted.  "The wider you spread, the better I'll make 
you feel."
     
She felt no inhibitions whatsoever about showing me her most 
private of areas.  She seemed eager to put her anus on display, 
and did she ever! Using primarily the middle fingers of each 
hand, she pressed into either side of the rosebud and spread the 
petals apart.  "Like this?" she asked.
     
"That's nice, Beth.  I like that.  I've never seen you so open."
     
"I'm opening it for your cock, David.  Your beautiful, beautiful 
cock. It's hungry for you inside there.  Please put it in.  
Please!"
      
I withdrew my glistening manhood from Beth's steaming pussy while 
she continued to expose my next target.  I moved the head of my 
cock between the widely opened ass cheeks and touched the splayed 
anus with the cockhead. "AHHH!" cried Beth at the first touch of 
my member there.
     
"It seems awful tight," I said.
     
"I can take it.  I don't care if it hurts.  Just put it in 
slowly. Oh, yes....slowly....AHHHH!  I can feel it going inside 
me, David!"  I began taking her asshole, millimeter by 
millimeter.  "UH!  It hurts just a little!"
     
"Do you want me to stop?"
     
"No!  Please!" she cried simultaneously with a loud breath.  
"Just keep easing it like you are.  OH!  It feels so big, so 
fucking big!"
     
I watched the cockhead slowly move into the expanding sphincter, 
while Beth moaned and groaned.  She kept her hips quite still, 
making me do all the work.  Finally, I saw the head become 
completely swallowed by the tight anal mouth.  "The head is in!" 
I triumphantly exclaimed.
     
"Oh, shit, does that feel good!  Even the pain feels good, David.  
It hurts so nice!  How does it feel to you, baby?"
     
"Tight, tight, tight!" I continued my upward pressure, feeling 
the anus tighten its grip on me as my shaft inched into the 
sensational opening.  Beth was beside herself once more, making 
those purely animalistic sounds I had come to learn were the 
precursors of a building orgasm.  I was half-way in now, and she 
was moaning softly, from deep within her throat.
     
The remaining part of the journey deep into Beth's soft-tissued 
rectum was a piece of cake.  With the sphincter relaxing with 
each passing moment, the path yielded no resistance.  Still, she 
did not move, allowing me the pleasure of filling her completely 
before doing anything herself.  The excursion into her ass was 
pure ecstasy!  Before I knew it, my pubic hairs were pressing 
flat against her anal region.
     
"It's in all the way, Beth," I said with a sound of satisfaction 
in my tone.
     
"I can't tell you how fucking good it feels.  Oh, baby!  I never 
knew it could be like this!"
     
I felt her anus contract once or twice around the shaft. "Mmm, I 
like that," I whispered.
     
"David, I want to try something.  Do you know how I can sort of 
milk your cock with my pussy?  You know, squeezing it while 
you're inside me?"
     
"Yes."
     
"I want to try it with my ass.  It might even be easier because I 
can squeeze you tighter with my anus."
     
Who was I to argue with such logic.  "What do you want me to do?" 
I asked.
     
"Nothing.  Absolutely nothing.  I am going to do it all for you."  
She let go of the cheeks she had been spreading, letting the soft 
flesh encompass my ensconced prick.  "Just stay perfectly still 
and enjoy."
     
An enjoy I did!  During the next five or ten minutes, Beth 
treated me to the most fantastic sex I had ever known!  As I 
remained unmoving, she started to work her impaled ass over my 
cock, up and down, from side to side, back and forth, in a slow, 
sexy circular pattern, all the while expanding the rubbery portal 
which had now accommodated my phallus.  Then she did something no 
woman had ever done to me--she worked the shaft all the way into 
her hot rectum and, once she had done that, began contracting the 
anal muscle upon it with ever tightening grips.
     
To make matters ever better, she began contracting her anus like 
that in sensual movements all the way up the shaft, using an 
upward shifting of her hips to kind of draw me into her slightly, 
and then milking the sword with her contractions.  It was like a 
blow job with her asshole!  The sensations, as she moved her 
tightening anus upward, were, to put it mildly, 
unfuckingbelievable!
     
I had thought she had done everything to me that could be done 
until she found my cockhead with her anus.  The milking stopped 
and the nibbling began! She worked the elastic hole over the head 
with such perfect control I might have thought she was using her 
lips instead of her asshole.  Little by little, her efforts began 
to throw me into a tizzy.
     
"I'm going to come, Beth!" I shouted.
     
"Okay, baby!  I'll help you.  Let it happen!  Come inside my ass!  
I want
to feel it inside me!"
     
She worked her nibbling asshole around me and simultaneously 
began to slowly piston herself upon my engorged cock, moving up 
and down over the imbedded member while tightening and loosening 
her sphincter.  That did it! With a loud "AHHHHHH!" I exploded 
into her in jet after jet of sweet, glorious cum as I coated the 
soft rectal tissues with my hot sperm.
     
We both fell onto the sofa, on our sides, with my cock still in 
her ass. Every once in a while, as I slowly came down from the 
greatest sexual high I had ever known, Beth would tighten her 
sphincter around my deflating member, a gentle reminder of what 
she had just done to me.  I embraced her like that, in spoon 
fashion, for a long time, in silence, planting soft kisses on her 
neck as I cupped her right breast in my hand and gently kneaded 
the pliant flesh.
     
Like the other night, my cock sort of plopped out of her ass from 
sheer exhaustion.  It was a signal for her to turn her body all 
the way around until we were facing each other.  She plastered 
the front of her warm body against mine, throwing her arms around 
my back and squeezing me tightly.
     
I looked into her expressive, puppy-dog eyes.  She didn't have to 
tell me how much she had enjoyed our last scene; it was written 
all over her face. With the fingertips of my right hand, I 
smoothed away some hair from her brow.
 
"You're fantastic," I whispered.
     
Beth smiled.  "I'm still tingling inside my ass.  Even my pussy 
remembers you," she laughed.
     
"I hope so," I smiled.
     
"You can do anything you want to me, David.  Anything.  Any time 
you want.  My ass, my pussy, my mouth--they're yours."  I felt 
her breasts flattened against my chest.  She began lightly 
scratching the back of my neck with her fingernails, then pressed 
her pubis into mine, entwining our hairs there.
     
"And you can do anything you want to me, Beth.  You don't have to 
ask. If you feel like doing it, anywhere, just do it."
     
"Won't the supermarket manager get upset?" she laughed.
     
"Only because he's not getting any!"
     
"Mmm," she said with a bright, sexy smile, "Maybe I'll have to 
give him some!"
     
I laughed.  "As long as I get mine first."
     
"And last..." she whispered, moving her soft lips to mine and 
kissing me with a warm, gentle, passion that belied her more 
aggressive sexuality, but gave evidence of her love for me.
     
It was a weekend we would never forget.
  
