
ÂÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÂ
³ÂÄÂÄÂÄÂÄÂÄÂÄÂÄÂÄÂÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÂÄÂÄÂÄÂÄÂÄÂÄÂÄÂÄÂ³
³³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³                             ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³³
³³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ BANGER FIRST BLOOD PART ONE ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³³
³³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³                         ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³³
³³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³         BY          ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³³
³³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³                     ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³³
³³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³REGINALD BAR, III³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³³
³ÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁÄÁ³
ÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ  ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁ
                             HAVE FUN

IF YOU ARE A MINOR (UNDER 21) DO NOT PROCEED FURTHER AND DELETE
THIS FILE.  THE WRITER ACCEPTS NO LIABILITY FOR MINORS ACCESSING
THIS FILE AND READING IT.

















YES BABY long slow strokes.  Keep nibbling on my huge rock hard
cock. Oh baby dont slow down I am about ready to cum all in your
young virginal mouth.

      I hear a pounding on the door it is my mother telling me to
get out of bed and get to school.  I start to get up but realize
that I have a wet sticky mess in my underwear.  I also have a
hardon that realy hurts.

      I rush into the bathroom to relieve myself with a quick
masturbation job.  When I get in the bathroom a proceed to lock
the door and pull off my underwear I grab a bottle of baby oil
and proceed to lube the tool with the oil at go at it hot and
heavy.  I dream and fantasize about my stepsister Marsha. She is
the most incredible 19 year old girl in my high school. Everyone
wants her and I have to live under the same roof as her.  The
situation is rough on the pecker getting rubbed like this every
morning.  Just when I thought I was going to lose it I hear
someone step out of the shower.  It was my stepsister Marsha.  My
pecker went limp in my hand.  I just stood there with my pecker
in my hand and with my mouth hanging open.  She looked at me
without saying a word.

      She was completly naked except for a towel rapped in her
hair.  I staired at a perfect set of tits that were slightly
upturned with small erect nipples on the end.  My gaze lowered
to her small waste and then to her pussy that had a small snatch
of curly brown hair.  I said something stupid like I knew you
were not a real blonde.  All the while I had my hand holding my
cock that began to come to life again at the sight of a young
tight body.

      She walked over to me and got down on her knees and took
my cock from my hands and said she would show me how to do it
right.  I asked her how she knew and she told me I was not the
only one who read dirty books.  I shut up then I didn't want her
to stop.  I looked down at her to watch the whole thing.  She
started out by wiping the oil off my cock with the towel she had
in her hair.   Her hair was very short and blonde and the wet
hair felt good against my boiling body.  She then kissed and
nipped the head of my cock.  She flicked her tongue against my
cock running her mouth all around my cock without putting the
thing in her mouth completely.  I was starting to shake and felt
as if I was going to explode.  It took all the concentration I
had to hold off.   Finaly she started mouth fucking my cock.
Slowly at first then she increased her speed faster and faster
until I started shaking I tried to hold back but that only made
it worse I felt my stomach quivering and my balls were boiling
finaly I could not hold it any longer.  I grabbed her by the
hair and held her head with my cock stuffed in her mouth and
proceeded to pump her mouth and shot my load in her mouth.  The
cum rolled out the side of her mouth and down her chin.  I let
go of her head and she continued to suck me dry.

      She held my cock in her mouth and tried to look up at me I
could see were my cum had spilled from the corners of her mouth.
She let my cock drop from her mouth then she licked the cum from
her face.  She stood up very slowly keeping the gaze with my
eyes.  She gave me a deep french kiss I could taste my own cum
in her mouth she shoved her tongue deep into my mouth and I
tried to do the same. She thrust her naked body against mine the
feeling of her breastsCrushed against my chest and the feeling of
my now growing pecker nestled against her virgin pussy drove me
wild.  I was about ready to throw her on the floor and fuck her
till my cock was raw.  But about this time their was a knock on
the door. My mother asked me what was going on in there.  I went
limp right therewith my cock nestled so close to virgin pussy I
could smell it.  I yelled to my mom that I would be out in five
minutes.  She asked were my stepsister was.  I said she was in
here with me. Mom told me to stop being a smart ass and get ready
for school.

      Marsha pushed herself away from me and proceeded to wash
her face in the sink.  What a sight a 19 year old girl bent over
a sink with her ass stiking in the air.  I wanted to ram my cock
in her back door.  I moved in behind her and and rubbed my cock
against her crack she squirmed a little but didn't move.  I
reached for the oil and I heard more yelling.  I pulled away and
made a fast exit for my room.

      The next few weeks I always went to the bathroom hoping
for another fantastic blow job but no such luck.  Marsha never
even gave me the time of day I was wondering if it was not just
another one of my dreams.

      My stepfather had business out of town and Marsha talked
him into taking my mother along with him on the three day sales
trip to L.A.  Mother asked me if it was ok to leave me and my
stepsister home alone.  I said no problem we would get along ok.

      Our parents took off on a early friday morning before I
even got out of bed.  I made my usual trek to the bathroom with
my morning hardon.  This time I left the door open hoping Marsha
would drop by for a bite.  No such luck I jacked off fast and
furiously.  Then I shit,  showered, shaved and dressed.  I went
down for breakfast and Marsha was sitting there eating cereal.
I asked her if she minded if I had a party tonight.  She got
realy mad and said mom and dad had left specific instructions
that there was to be no parties.  I said they would never know
but Marsha said they would because she would tell them.  I was
madder then mad and just left for school.

      After  school I messed around at the local arcade then
went home to get something free to eat.  On the way home I seen
a bum who would buy beer for minors for a few bucks.  I pulled
over and had him get a couple of bottles of cheep wine.    I
love cheep wine it taste like Koolaide and packs a good kick
after a few glasses.  After all if I could not party with my
friends then I would do it alone  I continued on my way home
sipping on a bottle of Mogan David wine and listen to some hard
core heavy metal.  I pulled into the drive at home removed my
goodies from the car and went around to the pool and sat at the
edge and continued to sip the wine.

      About ten minutes later Marsha came out the back door and
yelled at me.  She wanted to know if I wanted any dinner.  I
looked at her and she was wearing the tightes tanktop and
smallest pair of short I had  ever seen.  I told sure I'd take
some dinner if she would join me.  I wanted to stare at those
wonderful set of tits.  The nipples strained against the cloth.
I bet they felt like my raging hard on that snuck up and grabbed
me.

      I followed her to the dinning room with my two bottles of
wine.  I looked at the table it was set with all the best dishes
and had 2 large candles burning at the center.  There were two
places set at one end with a large covered dish of what I did
not care.  She proceeded to her place and I rushed over to hold
the chair for her.  She thought that was so great and galant.  I
was wondering what was up but I kept my mouth shut and went with
the flow of things.  Marsha reached over to get the covered dish
I helped her with it.  She took the top off the dish and it it
was a two large slabs of barbaqued ribs just dripping in sause.
I asked Marsha if I could serve she said it was ok.  I took her
plate and gave her a slab of ribs and ladled some sause over
them.  I served myself and started talking to Marsha.  I asked
if she would like some wine and then filled her glass.  I filled
my also but had decided not to drink anymore because I wanted my
head clear for the rest of the night.  Marsha slammed the wine I
gave her some more and she slowed down a little on that glass
but before she even took a bite her food she drank three large
glasses of wine.

      I dug into my food like I had not eaten for days I was
slighlty drunk and made a mess of myself.  Marsha was not doing
any better.  She had sause all over her shirt the sause bled
threw the shirt and stuck to her skin.  Their was a big spot
right over her nipple I wanted to reach over and lick it off.
Marsha rocked back in her chair and closed her eyes I knew that
this was my chance to lick the sause off her nipple.  It drove
me crazy staring at her shirt with that one nipple begging me to
lick the shirt clean.

      I was feeling bold from all the wine I had drank earlier
or I told myself that was the reason.  I started to lean over
the table.  I was a foot away from licking her nipple when she
opened her eyes.  She didn't move I continued  toward my goal
expecting a slap all the while.  I opened my mouth an took the
nipple in my mouth along with the shirt and sucked the nipple
clean. I finished cleaning her shirt with my tongue and sat back
down. I looked down at my own shirt and it was covered with sause
so I took it off. Marsha got the same idea and removed hers.  So
there we were sitting there eating sloppy spare ribs with no
shirts on.  Marshas breast looked heavenly the way the pointed
upslightly with hard nipples blazing.  I continued to eat
watching her the whole time and she in turn watched me.  We were
a complete mess by the time we finished.  I moved over to were
marsha was sitting and got on my knees in front of her and
proceeded to lick the sause from her soft white skin.  I licked
her tits like I wanted to remove the first layer of skin this
drove her wild.  I knew I had her in the palm of my hands.  I
stopped and looked in her eyes I could see she wanted more but I
wanted my tool relived.  I got up and went to the upstairs
restroom were our first encounter took place.

      I left the door open and removed my clothes and stepped
into a very cold shower.  I made sure the cold water hit my cock
and saw my erection shrivle.  I wanted Marsha to work hard at
making me loose my wad.  I was in the shower for about ten
minutes before I saw Marsha step into the shower with me.  I
held her back for a minute so I could just look at her.  Since
our last encouter she had shaved her pussy clean.  It looked
like I was standing in the shower with a sixth grader but the
tits were large for a nineteen year old.  I reached for her pussy
and rubbed my hand against her bald twat.  She moaned and said
she was a virgin and that she wanted to stay that way.  She
said she would do any thing else I wanted but I could not fuck
her virginal pussy.  I agreed but knew I would try everything to
get at her virgin pussy.

      I continued to rub her pussy letting the cool water hold
my erection in check.  Marsha then took control she got on her
knees and stuffed my whole cock into her mouth.  It was soft and
shrivled up from the cold water.  She had the whole dick upto my
balls in her mouth.  I felt the blood rush to my cock and my
dick grew in her mouth.  Marsha was gently chewing on my soft
member as it grew in her mouth.  I was rock hard in less than
thirty seconds.  Marsha started to mouth fuck my cock I pulled
out and stood her up.  I started sucking her tits working them
both over giving them each equal time.  I rolled her nipple in
my mouth gently biting down with my mouth.  This realy drove
Marsha crazy.  She was moaning Yes yes suck harder bite harder.
I did but didnt want to do it to hard and hurt her then things
would stop.  I started to kiss her from the nipples slowly
working my way down to her stomach I frenched her belly button.
Then I caught the scent of her pussy.  The musky odor almost made
me cum on the spot.  I lowered myself to my knees and used first
one finger to probe Marsha very tight pussy.  This caused a very
fast orgasim the rocked Marsha's body she fell against the wall.
I held her in place and inserted another finger and moved them
in and out of her pussy all the while watching them go in and
out of her cunt.  I finaly could no longer resist and I buried
my face in her cunt.  The shaved cunt was great no hair to get
stuck in your teeth and no problem finding the bud to Marshas
orgasims.  I started to chew on Marsha's clit she   started to
shuder and shake as multiple orgasims rocked her body.  I felt
the rush of fluid poor from her pussy I kept licking and sucking
until Marsha dropped in a heap.  I had a hardon caused by Marshas
orgasims.

      I propted Marsha up on her knees and had her leen against
the wall.  Her nice tight ass was begging to have my rigid cock
slammed into it.  I had her lean over farther so I could do it
doggie style.  I inserted two fingers into her well juiced up
cunt.  I stroke her pussy bringing her to the brink of another
orgasim.  I removed my fingers and inserted one into her tight
ass.  She winced in pain but relaxed when I used my other hand to
rub her pussy.  I continued to work both holes I added another
finger to the job of reaming her anus.  She bit off a scream but
I didn't stop.  I removed my finger from her anus and she relaxed
a little and enjoyed the finger fuck she was getting. With my
free hand I grabbed the battle of baby oil and poured it all over
my penis.  I then poured some directly to Marshas tight puckered
asshole.  I removed my hand from her pussy and bent over and
licked her back door gently forcing my tongue slightly into her
anus.  She shuddered with pleasure I knew it was now or never.  I
held her cheeks apart with my left hand and took my cock in my
right hand and guided it to her puckerd purplish brown back hole.
I gently nudged the head of my cock against the virginal tight
dark portal.  I forced the head into the tight spot Marsha gasped
but didn't try to stop me.  I continued to ease my way in slowly.
Finaly my bals slapped against her cheecks.  I reached around
with my hands and started to play with her nipples while I just
left my dick stuck up her ass.  Marsha stared to moan with the
attention I gave her tits and that is what I had waited for.  I
guided her hand down to finger herself and as she was doing this
I picked up the rythm of her own fingers rubbing her clit and
started stroking her anus with my 8 inch cock.  I started slowly
and only increased my speed when she increased hers.  After a
while she was bucking wildly against my cock and this got me even
more excited I felt the tingling start in my balls and as it
worked its way to my stomach then before I could pull out I shot
my load deep in Marshas ass and at the same time she brought
herself to climax with her fingers. I pulled out of Marsha and
she turned around and proceeded to suck my cock clean.  We
finished in the shower by giving eachother a vigoris scrub
washing with a brush. Our Skin burned and tingled it was so
clean.  Marsha stepped out of the shower and said she would be
right back but ten minutes went buy and no Marsha.  I left the
shower and looked for her.  I could not find her in the house.  I
looked outside and her car was gone I was mad but a well fucked
and sucked mad.

      I went to the dining room and retrieved the last half
bottle of wine.  I went to my room and laid on my bed thinking
about what had transpired.  I was getting horny as hell thinking
about Marsha.  I took all my clothes off and fell into bed
slamming the rest of the wine.  I was asleep in minutes.

      I woke with a warm sensation around my pecker. I kept my
eyes closed and enjoyed the sensation that rose from my loins. I
tried to stay as still as possible and let the tingle that came
from my balls drive me wild.  I felt my dick grow and grow
reaching for another climax.  When it did finaly blow it felt
like it turned my balls inside out.  The rush of cum felt as if
it would split my pecker.  The lips around my cock never let up
their sucking.  I swear those lips could suck a bowling bowl
threw a straw.  I knew that the blow job could not be by Marsha
so I opened my eyes to see my stepsisters best friend.  I almost
lost my dinner.  This girl is nothing to take home to mother.
Why is it that gorgeous girls always have a fat dumpy best
friend?  I looked at this girl with my cum dripping from her fat
face and rushed into the bathroom a washed my pecker off.

      When I went back into the room she had removed her clothes
and was lying on the bed.  She didnt look half bad when she
removed her clothes.  I still did not want anything to do with
her.  She looked at me and told me Marsha had told her
everything we did and that if I didn't satisfy her she would
tell my parents everything I did to Marsha.  I said I didn't
know how well I would preform after the blowjob she gave me.
She said I better try.  I told her Marsha and I agreed never to
have sex again.  I told Tammy that if she wanted me to have sex
with her that this was the first and last time and no one was to
know about it.  I moved close to her and began rubbing  her fat
puffy suprisingly luxurious pusssy.  I pulled my had away when I
heard her moan.  I made her promise to meet my demands she
begged me to continue but I wouldn't proceed without a promise.
She finaly agreed.  After I heard that I slammend my hand into
her pussy.  I pushed my hand up to the knuckels in her wide
pussy.  I could feel that she was a virgin but she must have
serviced herself to get such a wide pussy.  I continued to reem
her out with my hand until I got the whole thing in up to my
wrist.  The whole time Tammy moaned and flailed around the bed.
She shook with several orgasims and begged me to fuck her and
take her virginity. I didn't want to be the one with that honor
so I removed my hand from her pussy pushed her over on her
stomach and started to ream her ass first with two fingers that
were lubed from her pussy all the while I stroked myself trying
to get an erection.  I finaly got my cock to stiffin by thinking
of the ass fuck I gave to Marsha.

      I stuffed a third finger in her ass and continued to reem
her out.  I removed my fingers and made Tammy lick them clean
she sucked each finger and licked my whole hand.  I grabbed her
by the hair and had her suck my cock to bring me to the brink of
another cum shot. I held her head still and moved my hips to
pull my dick in and out of her mouth at the moment I felt I
could nolonger hold it I threw her head back down against the
bed and ordered her to get on her knees and bend over.  I used
my shirt that was lying on the floor and dried my cock off.  I
wanted fuck her ass with a dry cock.  I knew this would burn her
bowels and remember this ass fuck for weeks.  I pulled her fat
ass cheeks apart and put my cock right against her puckerd
asshole I nudged it slightly in about a one half inch then I
leaned over and grabbed her sholders and slammed the rest of my
eight inch cock in her back door.  She screamend out in pain I
grabbed her tits and started mashing them together pulling and
pinching them as I rammed my cock in and out of her semi moist
asshole.  This seamed to drive her nuts because  she stopped
yelling in pain and started yelling harder harder.  I obliged
and started to increase my thrusting and mashing on her tits
this brought her to a bed shaking orgasim.  A moan started deep
in her throat and slowly increased to a scream.  I held my hand
over her mouth and continued to fuck her ass.

      I finaly removed my still rock hard cock from her now
bleeding rectum and ordered Tammy to lick the mess off my cock.
She got up from the bed and I set at the edge and made her get
on her knees and lick me clean.  She finished cleaning her blood
from my cock and looked up at me to see what I wanted her to do
next.  I told her to give me a slow blow job and not to let me
cum in her mouth.  I lied back on the bed and let her proceed
with the slow and wonderful blowjob.  About ten minutes later I
felt myself reaching the peak.  I grab her head and pulled it
away from my cock and she had the look on her face like I took
away her best friend.  I pushed her back on the floor and stood
over her and proceeded to jack off with her lying on the floor
beneath me.  I shot my wad into the air and it landed allover
Tammy face and chest she hungerly licked at what she could.  I
told her to go take a shower and clean her self up and not to
come back unless I asked her to.

      I finaly got back in my bed and hoped Marsha would join me
even though  I probably could not have satisfied her with my
very drained balls and sore cock.  Dry fucking Tammy's ass realy
rubbed my pecker raw.  I looked at the clock radio beside my bed
and it was only 8:30pm.  I said fuck it and went to sleep.

      I woke up around five in the morning with one hell of a
headache.  The wine realy fucks with your head the next morning.
Especially that cheap wine with all that sugar.  I stumbled down
the hall to the bathroom and ate five Tylenol and got in the
shower.  I turned the water on very cool and let the water wake
me up and wash away the hurt in my head.  It was then that I
realized that I didn't have my usual morning hardon.  Even a
seventeen almost eighteen year old cock needs a rest.  Not much
of one but at least not a every morning jackoff.

      I got out of the shower and dried myself off and then
rapped the towel around my waste and went down to the kitchen
and ate anything edible I could find.  I finished eating and
decided to check on Marsha.  I sneaked up to her room and peaked
in the door.  I saw Tammy and Marsha lying naked on Marsha's bed
all tangled up with one another and their was no way I was going
to disturb Tammy.  Noway was I going to fuck that fat blob maybe
let her give me a blowjob but nothing else.  I went back to my
room a tried to get back to sleep.

      About two hours later Marsha came in my room and shook me
awake.  She was totaly nude with her beutiful shaved cunt at my
eye level.  My cock jumped to attention.  Marsha asked me if I
wanted to fuck her.  I said I would do anything for that
privilege.  Thats when she told me what I would have to do.  I
had to fuck Tammy first.  I almost said no deal but just then
Marsha set her leg up on my bed so that I could see her
glissening neatley shaved pussy.  I wanted that so bad I would
have fucked a dog to get a chance at Marsha's virgin pussy.
Marsha told me to ask Tammy if I could have the pleasure of
being the first man(boy) to fuck her.  I agreed, I was beyond
denying Marsha anything.  She went and got Tammy and came back
to my room they were both wearing robes now and the sight of
them next to each other drove me nuts.  I got up off the bed and
walked over to Tammy And took her by the hand and led her to the
bed.

      I sat her down on the bed and gently asked her if she
would do me the honor of sharing my bed.  I told her I realy
wanted to have mad passionate sex with her and the only reason I
didn't take her virginity yesterday was because I was not sure
that was what she wanted.  The pig bought all my bullshit and
started to beg me to take whatever I wanted.  I looked over to
Marsha and said I was going to do it the way I know Tammy wants.
Fast, Hard and Rough.  Marsha sat in a chair in the corner of
the room so she had a good view.
      
      I removed the towel from my waste and sat next to Tammy on
the bed.  My cock was soft and limp I grabbed Tammy rough by the
hair and pushed her head down to my cock and ordered her to get
it rock hard or I was not going to fuck her.  Marsha yelled at
me not to be rough.  I asked Tammy if she wanted me to be gentle
and she told Marsha she loved to be ordered around and forced to
suck my cock. I said to Tammy to get back to work or else.  As
she sucked my cock I reached in her rob and stroked her large
breasts they felt like water filled ballons all mushy.  I found
her left nipple and squeezed and pulled on it untill it was rock
hard.  This brought moans from Tammy wich gurgled out of her
mouth that was full of my growing cock. Tammy started working
harder as my cock grew in her mouth when it was as hard as Tammy
could get it I pulled her head away and told her to remove her
robe and lay on the bed.  She did as she was told.  I proceeded
to mount her in the 69 position I stuffed my cock in her mouth
and told her just keep it hard and not to make me cum.  She
sucked on it very gently giving it a little bite every now and
then.  I looked over to Marsha and she was fingering her shaved
cunt all the time watching Tammy suck my cock.  I looked down at
Tammy's cunt and had to pull her legs apart to get at her pussy.
I looked at a great big busshy brown snatch their was no way I
was going to stick my tongue in that jungle.  I almost lost my
erection but Tammy increased her action on her end.  I used my
right hand and guided two fingers in her pussy it was sopping
wet.  I stuffed the fingers in her pussy and found her clit and
proceeded to pinch and roll it around my fingers.  She had an
imediate orgasm and almost bit my dick in half.  I continued to
work her pussy with my hand getting her hotter and hotter.  I
stuck my hand in as far as it could go and felt the her hymen so
she was a virgin.  This made me feel some what satisfied to
think I was going to get something from her that she could never
give away again.  I removed my hand and cock from her pussy and
mouth and quickly mounted her pushing my cock in about three
fourths of the way in before I hit her virgin barrier.  She
winced when I hit this spot and bit into my sholder.  I said
that if she yelled out that I would stop and not finish.

      She begged me not to stop I look over at Marsha and new
their was no way I would jeopardize a chance at her pussy.  I
pulled out of Tammy's pussy until the tip of my head was about
to plop out.  I paused a few moments while Tammy begged me to
put it back in and do it now.  I slammed my cock in with one
quick thrust I felt the hymen hit the tip of my cock but the
momentum of my thrust pushed until her virginity broke with a
rush of blood.  The sensation of the hymen braking and the
resulting pain made Tammy shudder with an orgasim.  I continued
to pump picking up my pace Tammy bucked right along with me.
Tammy's head rocked back and forth she bit her lip to keep from
crying out I looked over to Marsha and the sight of her finger
rubbing herself to climax brought me to the brink.  Tammy rocked
with another orgasim.  I was right at the edge of shooting my
load.  I pulled out and crawled up so I could tit fuck Tammy I
had her hold her tits together and started to pump my cock
between her tits and with each forward stroke she licked the end
of my cock.  I had never tried this before and it was great my
balls started to rumble in their sack and I knew I could not
hold it back any longer.  I thrust one last time and held my
cock just a fraction of an inch from Tammys face and let my
whole load splash into her face.  She tried to catch the stream
in her mouth but some squirted all over her face.  I got up off
Tammy and stood at the side of the bed and had her suck me dry
until my dick went limp in her mouth.  Marsha came over to Tammy
and licked my cum off Tammy face.

      Marsha looked at all the blood in the bed and asked whose
blood that was.  I told her Tammy was realy a virgin and that is
what happens the first time if you still have you cherry.  You
can loose it without getting fucked I told her but Tammy has
such good padding nothing caused her to loose it.  She had Tammy
lay on the bed so she could look at her pussy and see if it was
still bleeding.  It was not it was well satisfied.  I went over
to the bed and told Marsha to go sit down because I was not
through with Tammy.  I walked over to the chair were Marsha sat
and stood before her completly naked.  Marsha could not take her
eyes off of my cock.  I ordered Tammy to kneel in front of me.
She did as she was told.  I then took her head in my hand and
told her to take my cock into her mouth and see how fast she
could get me to cum.  Tammy jumped at the chance to proceeded to
use her mouth as a tight pussy and fuck my cock.  She had a
talent for sucking cock I was ready to cum after only five
minutes of her powerful mouth.  I removed my pecker and ordered
Tammy to suck on my balls as she did this I rubbed my cock and
felt the rumbling of a crushing orgasim and increased my handjob
speed.   I shot my load all over Marsha who was fingering her
own pussy.  Tammy continued to suck on my balls as the last
drops of cum dribbled out onto her head.  I pulled my balls from
her lips and she suck my dong clean of cum.   I told Marsha to
have Tammy go so we could have a chance to go a round or two.
Before I let Tammy go I had her suck my pecker to another
erection when she did that I sent her on her way out of my life
for good I hoped. I wanted a real hard cock to slam into a young
tight nineteen year old pussy.  After cumming several times it
was going to last. . . . . . .











                       STAY TUNED FOR BANGER TWO











       I made my way to Marsha to stuff my cock in her virgin
pussy and. . . . . . . . . . . .













A>_
     STAY TUNED FOR BANGER TWO











       I made my way to Marsha to stuff my cock in her virgin
pussy and. . . . . . . . . . . .













A>_

