    Chapter Seven - Freewheeling Barbara Toys With Boys

  Barbara wearily pulled her car into the driveway.  She had
dropped Skip back at the store and came straight home, promising
to meet him the next day.  She wondered what his boss had thought
when he came in after four hours, disheveled, reeking of sex and
pot.
  "Oh well, he's a fast talker.  He'll get out it," she assured
herself, parking the car and walking into the house.  She hoped
she could get upstairs and clean up before her son or his friend
saw her, but one of the boys was coming downstairs as she opened
the front door.  He stopped dead and stared at her.
  "Hi.  It is Steve, isn't it?" Barbara said lamely, aware of her
messed up hair and sweat stained bikini.  She was carying her
green dress on one arm and she held it in front of her, covering
some of the ravages.  "Where's Jerry?"
  "Uh, he went to the store, Mrs. Anderson," the young man replied
nervously.  "I'm expecting a call from my mom, so I stayed here.
He said to tell you he'd be back in an hour or so."
  "Well, that's fine dear.  Just make yourself at home.  I'm
going to freshen up a bit.  I've been at the beach all day," she
explained, feeling a need to justify her appearance to the man
who was staring at her.  She flushed, feeling his eyes go over
her, resting on her partially covered breasts and sliding away in
embarrassment.
  "Sure, nice to meetcha," he said hurriedly.  They were
face to face at the bottom of the stairs and he turned sideways
to let her go by, flattening against the wall.
  Barbara smiled at him in a dignified fashion and passed by him.
Her chest brushed his, and he blushed beet red at the contact.
  "Ah, uh, I'll just go outside and take a swim," he gasped, not
looking at her as he sidled by.  Barbara stood stock still, not
believing the flash of lust that swept her body at the involun-
tary contact.  My God, she thought severely.  Don't you ever get
enough?  Screwing all afternoon and still wanting more?  She
chastised herself: You're nothing but a perverted old woman ...
God, this man is as young as your son!  And you promised not to
have anything to do with him!  She took a deep breath and walked
upstairs, not looking back.  If she had, she would have seen her
son's friend still standing at the foot of the stairs, his eyes
glued to the sway of her buttocks.
  Holy cow! he thought.  Jerry didn't tell me his mom  looked
like that!  He followed her with his eyes.  He was still a
virgin, but he had two older brothers who had told him all about
their conquests, and he could hardly wait to begin.  I wonder -
naw - she's a grown lady.  And Jerry's mom!  But she sure is
beautiful.  He heard the door slam upstairs and turned away
sighing, knowing he wouldn't see any more for a while.  He went
out to the pool, trying to put the sight out of his mind, trying
to forget the sexy sway of those barely covered buttocks.  His
penis was stirring in his trunks, and he sighed loudly, wishing
he were older and could get into those white pants.  I wouldn't
have a chance he told himself.  She wouldn't even think about a
kid like me.  He dove into the pool, reviewing the luscious
curves in his mind.
  Barbara was taking a shower, letting the hot water wash away
all traces of sand and semen.  She moaned voluptuously as the
water kneaded her tired muscles and soothed away the red marks
left by Buddy and Skip's fingers, restoring her flesh to its
normal pink sheen.  She soaped her breasts admiringly, noting how
her resilient flesh bounded back into shape.  She had thought she
would be squashed flat!  She laughed gaily, going over every
detail of the afternoon in her mind.  At last she emerged from
the steamimg shower, her body glowing with remembered lust and
present satiation.
  "That should do it," she crowed silently, wrapping herself in a
huge towel.  "I shouldn't want any sex for a while!"  She had
conveniently forgotten her reaction to Steve's involuntary touch.
She threw a robe around herself and padded downstairs to the
kitchen, taking a cold drink from the refrigerator and sipping it
thirstily.  She was hungry too, she decided, and made herself a
sandwich.
  She munched thoughtfully, looking out the window to the pool.
She could see Jerry's little friend vigorously swimming back and
forth, and she smiled to herself at his innocent fun.  Her smile
changed to a gasp as the boy climbed from the pool.  He was stark
naked, having discarded his trunks, and his pecker stood straight
up like a sword rising from the base of his belly.  She clutched
the window sill with both hands, feeling a tide of warmth envelop
her stomach at the sight of his penis.
  "Oh no," she whispered to herself.  "Not again ... not now!"
But her body continued to burn inflamed by the sight of an erect
dick.  She pressed her legs together, trying to stop the
tormenting itch, but knew it was no use.  Once she was in the
grip of lust she was no longer responsible for her actions.  As
if in a dream, she watched him as he lay back on the patio,
his dick standing up.  He surrounded it with both hands and began
to jerk it slowly.
  "How can he?  Right here in my house!  How does he know I won't
come downstairs?" she asked herself wildly, her lips parting as
if to drink in the sexy scene.  Her hand slipped under her robe
and she stroked the moist cunt, sliding her finger into her
groove and tickling her clit.  "No, this is wrong.  He's young
 ... he's too innocent to know what he's doing," she told
herself, already walking outside, the ache in her twat drawing
her to him like a magnet.  She stood above him, staring down,
her lips pursed in an O.  He didn't see her.  He was intent on
what he was doing, rubbing his prick between his fingers, a half 
smile on his tender lips.
  "Ah," Barbara breathed involuntarily.  Steve heard her and
looked up, consternation crossing his features.
  "Mrs. Anderson!" he cried, covering himself with his hands.
  "No, don't stop," the sex-crazed woman breathed.
  He noticed that her robe hung open and she was stark naked
beneath it, her big tits swelling free.  His eyes traveled down
her body and he saw her red thatch of hair, with one of her
fingers buried in it!  He gulped noisily, wondering what to do
now.  He had never in his wildest dreams imagined a beautiful
woman standing over him while he jerked off, her hand sunk in her
own snatch.
  "Gosh," he breathed, staring at her. "Wow!" his gaze was locked
on her reddish pussy.  As he watched, she spread her legs
slightly and opened the lips of her cunt, revealing the juicy
interior.
  "Have you ...have you ever seen a cunt before, Steve?" Barbara
asked, her voice hoarse.  She felt an electric thrill of
excitement at exposing herself to the boy, watching his eyes
glaze with desire.
  "No ... no, ma'am, just in pictures," the boy stuttered.  "Can
I ..." he stopped.  She's probably just teasing me, he thought.
And if I do anything she'll kick me out.  He was confused.  He
had never heard of a woman doing things like this one was doing.
  Barbara knelt beside him, her tits dangling in his face.
"These are my titties, Steve," she murmured to him, cupping them
in one hand.  "Would you like to feel them?  They're soft and
nice.  You'll like the way they feel," she urged.
  "Yes.  Yes I would," Steve said boldly, burning his bridges.
He wanted to feel her up.  He didn't care what happened to him
afterwards.  He wasn't going to miss this opportunity to touch a
real live woman.  He stretched out one hand and ran it over the
curved surface of the offered breast.
  "Squeeze the nipples, dear.  Tweak them in your fingers,"
Barbara whispered to the boy.  He complied, and she groaned at
the fire that ran through her veins.  "Suck them, honey, kiss my
tits.  You'll like that, baby ... sucking my tits."  She moaned
as his lips clamped on her turgid nipple and drew it into
his hot mouth.  He sucked wildly, bobbing his head back and forth
between her breasts, laving the tits with his raspy tongue.
Barbara shivered and lay back, no longer caring if it were wrong
or not.  It's my duty, she thought in confusion.  Teach him about
sex - no one will know - I'll make sure he doesn't tell Jerry.
Oh, God.  I'm evil and perverted but I have to have it.  I want
him to stick his finger up me and bring me off.  I want his dick
in me.
  "Steve, look at my cunt, Steve," she commanded.  The boy
stopped sucking her nipples and they stood straight up, cooled by
the sucking they had had but craving more.  She held her fleshy
twat open with her hands and directed his gaze to the pit of
pleasure.  "That's my pussy, dear ... Why don't you stick your
finger in it and see how it feels.  You'll like it.  All boys
do."   She squirmed on the patio floor, raising her hips so Steve
could see her fully.
  "Golly - it's all wet!" Steve said.  He was kneeling forward
and peering up into her twat with the greatest concentration.
His forefinger stroked along the fat lips and diddled in the
outer chambers.
  "That means I want you - it means my cunt wants to be filled
up," Barbara wheezed.  She didn't know if she were explaining it
right or not.  Her body was on fire and she had to have something
in her twat.  "Put your finger in!" she snapped suddenly.  "Don't
be afraid - it won't bite!  Shove your finger into my cunt,
Steve!"  He hesitated and she grasped his wrist and pushed his
finger into her, sighing.  "There!  Now pull it in and out, twist
it around in there!"
  Steve felt the squishy flesh engulf his finger.  It seemed to
be sucking at it!  With more enthusiasm he pumped his finger in
and out, watching it disappear into the pink hole.  "That's where
I put my thing, isn't it, Mrs. Anderson?" he asked innocently.
"In there?"
  "Yes, darling ... your cock.  That's where you put your cock -
in my cunt," Barbara muttered, her hips twisting under his
finger.  The thought that she was corrupting him had ceased to
bother her.  Now it turned her on!  She thought of herself as a
fat spider, luring young men into the web of her twat, and the
perverted thought made her groan with lust.  "Go on, Stevie, put
it in.  Put your cock in my cunt!  And then you can fuck me,
darling."
  Steve knelt between her thighs uncertainly.  He knew what to
do.  His brothers had told him, and the guys at school had
laughed about it, and he had seen pictures.  But actually doing
it was far different!  He held his pecker in his hand and pointed
it at the gaping wet mouth of her pussy.  "I - would you help me?
I'm not sure ... I've never done this before," he said miserably.
  "Oh, darling ... here, I'll help you," Barbara said.  She
reached out, guiding his dick to her steamy hole.  "Just put it
where your finger was and move it back and forth like you did
your finger," she crooned, incredibly turned on by the thought of
taking on a virgin.  She held herself in check, not wanting to
scare him with a thrashing display of lust.  Let him get in
first, she told herself, opening her hole for him with one hand
and guided his turgid pecker with the other.
  "Aaaaaaggghhh," Steve groaned as the head of his pecker slipped
into her cunt.  It was incredible, feeling her hot cuntlips
grasping his pecker, drawing him into her hole.  With a grunt he
thrust forward, his hips taking the sexual motion as second
nature.  He sliced into her hot cunt, cleaving her passageway
until he felt his balls smash against her ass, then drew it out
again and pushed it forward.  In and out.  In and out.
  "I'm fucking!" he yelled.  "I'm doing it!  I'm fucking your
cunt!"  He could feel his cum trying to flood the tube of his
penis and resolutely restrained himself.  He knew that girls
didn't want a guy to cum immediately.  They wanted to ride the
dick for a while.  And he wanted to keep Mrs. Anderson happy.
This was a thousand times better than jacking off, and he wanted
to do again - and again!  And he knew he couldn't make her mad by
cumming too soon, or she might not want to do it anymore!
  "That's it!" Barbara called encouragingly.  She allowed her
hips to go with his motion, adding a twist or two along the way.
She figured he was probably having trouble controlling himself,
and she wanted to help him out as much as she could.  She bucked
her hips up to his and rolled with him, feeling his pecker zip in
and out of her hole.  It felt small compared to Skip's and
Buddy's, but she rode it for all she was worth.  And the mental
stimulation was terrific - she was almost cumming just from the
perversity of seducing such a young man.  "Fuck me, Steve!" she
called.  "Give it to me hard!"
  Steve grunted with the effort not to cum.  His hands were
clamped on her tits, using them as handles, and he flailed back
and forth between her hot thighs.  He could feel her cunt
clasping and unclasping around his pecker, and suddenly it
grabbed him really hard, squeezing him unmercifully.  He felt his
cum rising and knew there was nothing he could do about it.
  "I'm cumming!" he sobbed, pounding into her cunt.  He felt her
start to shake under him and wondered if she were having a fit,
but his mind was blocked by the roar of orgasm.  His tight little
balls lifted and blew, shooting his thick young semen into her
spasming hole.  He felt like it was gushing out of his guts.  He
couldn't remember cumming like this when he jacked off!  "Oh ...
what's happening?  It won't stop, ohhh!" Steve fell against her,
his hips still pumping weakly as he shot wad after wad into her.
  Barbara was still shaking from her first orgasm.  She knew that
if Steve had been more experienced he could have brought her off
several more times, but she wouldn't trade this tide of virgin
cum for the world!  She shivered as she felt the endless flood
splattering into her cunt, clinging to the slick walls like hot
grease, filling her to the brim.  She put her arms around him as
he collapsed on her chest, smoothing his hair, running her hands
lasciviously over his slim young hips.  Mine ... she thought
lewdly.  I have his first cum in a woman.  It's in me now, I can
feel it sloshing in my cunt.  She squeezed her cunt together,
trying to hold his penis in, but it slipped out with a plop,
trailing a stream of semen.
  "Oh, Mrs. Anderson!  Wow - it was great!" Steve mumbled into
her neck.  He was drained but happy!  He hadn't noticed the
looseness of her cunt.  It was his first, and he thought he had
had the best fuck in the world.  How it could be any better he
couldn't imagine.
  Barbara lay back.  Her cunt was still burning.  She needed a
lot more.  But she didn't want to force him.  She wanted him
to rest and think about his first fuck for a minute before she
tried again.  She slid out from under him and headed for the
pool.  As she slipped into the cool water, some measure of sanity
returned.  She looked back at the man and noticed how young he
was, and it horrified her now instead of exciting her.
  "God!  What have I done!?" she murmured, diving under the
water.  "He'll tell Jerry.  Oh, Lord,  I've got to put a stop to
this right now!"  The cool water entered cunt, washing out the
thick sperm and refreshing her hot insides, diminishing her
desires.  She could still feel her lust coiled in the pit of her
stomach, ready to spring, but it was quiet now, and she intended
to take advantage of the fact.  She swam to the side of the pool
and got out quickly, skirting the boy.  He looked at her
sleepily.
  "I'll see you later, darling," she murmured.  "Now don't tell
Jerry or anybody.  I've got some things to do.  You guys go out
for supper or something.  I'll leave you some money.  It was
really wonderful ... but don't tell anybody!"  She looked at him
fiercely, trying to impress the importance of this on his mind.
  "Oh, I won't, not even Jerry!  I guess you wouldn't want him to
know!" Steve laughed a little.  "But you will let me play with
you some more, fuck you again, won't you?  I'm going home
tomorrow."  He looked at her wistfully as Barbara's heart leapt
in relief.  If she could just make it till tomorrow.  "Jerry
wants to go over to my place for a couple of days."
  "I thought you didn't have any place to go for break," Barbara
said, confused.  Surely Jerry had said ...
  "Oh no.  I was going home, but Jerry wanted me to come visit,
and now he wants to go to my house," Steve said glibly, frowning
a little.  "Maybe I can change his mind.  I'd sure rather stay
here!"  He grinned at her confidingly, reaching up to touch her.
  Barbara moved back quickly.  "No, you better go home.  Your
mother probably wants to see you." she babbled, wondering why
Jerry had lied to her about Steve's situation.  "I'll see you
before you leave - maybe we'll have a chance.  I don't really
know," she said quickly, striding off without looking back.  She
didn't want to see the boy's expression.  She might relent, and
that would be fatal!
  It was late that night.  Barbara had dressed and gone out - and
stayed out, sitting at one bar after another, not wanting to go
home.  Several men tried to pick her up, but she was repelled by
their leering faces and sagging bodies and waved them away in
disgust.  Finally she couldn't stand it anymore, and returned
home.
  "They'll be asleep by now," she told herself as she let herself
in quietly and mounted the stairs.  "I'll get up early in the
morning and stay away until I'm sure they're gone.  If I can just
have some time to myself, I know I'll solve this before Jerry
comes home gain.  I'll get married, see a psychiatrist -
something.  But I can't think if I have to see them.  I want them
too much!  Oh God - I'm abnormal ... nobody else feels like this.
I've never heard of any mother lusting after her son, except in
books.  And this is real ... too real."  She went into her room
and shut the door quietly, noticing that there was no light under
Jerry's door.  She breathed a sigh of relief and began unhooking
her dress, stripping to bra and garter belt in the dark.  She had
worn a bra for protection.  She didn't usually use one, but
tonight she had donned all her armor.  She had on bra, slip, hose
and garter belt.  She didn't turn on the light, knowing that she
might inadvertently see her body and be aroused.  She had come to
terms with her overwhelming sexuality, and her only thoughts were
to keep it at bay.  She was turning down her bed and and
preparing to don a robe to go to the bathroom when she heard the
doorknob turn.  Her heart stopped.  A dark figure slipped into
the room and stood facing her.
  "Mrs. Anderson.  It's me Steve," a small voice whispered.  "I
was afraid you weren't gonna come home - and I wouldn't see ya
again, like you promised."  There was a hint of petulance in the
boy's tone.
  "Steve - ssshhh!" Barbara whispered frantically.  "Jerry."
  "Dead to the world," Steve said complacently.  He walked up to
her, his eyes adjusting to the dark, and ran his hands over her
hips boldly.  "What have you got on?" he asked curiously, his
hands finding the straps of the garter belt and playing with
them, then dipping lower.  Barbara gasped as his fingers brushed
her pubic bush.
  "No!  No, go away," she muttered, wrenching free.  "You
mustn't!"
  "Why not?  We did this afternoon," Steve said reasonably.
"I've got some things I want to try.  I was looking at some
pictures."
  Barbara groaned inwardly at the remembrance of the filthy
pictures.  "Steve, I was carried away," she said earnestly.  "You
have to forget about this afternoon.  Believe me, it's best.
You're too young for me.  It's all wrong."
  "You didn't think so before," Steve persisted.  He sounded like
he was about to cry, and Barbara's heart melted.
  "No, no, Steve.  I enjoyed it, really."
  "Then why can't we do it some more?" Steve burst out.  "You
said we would.  I stayed up waiting for you!  You've just gotta
help me ... my cock's hard and it hurts, Mrs. Anderson, really,
it does.  It's been hard all night and I've gotta -" Steve
babbled incoherently, his head buried in Barbara's stomach.  His
hot breath fanned against her skin, and her nerves crawled.  She
didn't know what to do, she was determined not to have sex with
the boy again, but he was so unhappy.  If she turned him down
he'd think it was because of the size of his cock and he might be
scarred for life!  Besides, her insides were melting with longing
to touch him just one more time.
  "All right, ssshhh.  We have to be very quiet.  But this is the
last time, you hear me?  And you must never tell a living soul!"
  Steve nodded happily and followed her to the bed.  He was
willing to agree to anything to get into her pussy again.  She
turned on the bedside lamp and stretched langorously in the dim
glow, her body showing in sharp relief.
  "Wow," he breathed, looking at her.  He had forgotten how
beautiful she was.  Her breasts were encased in a lacy black bra,
forcing them upward in rich curves, spilling from the top of the
cups, and her hips were encircled by a black lace garter belt,
black silk stockings on her sleek legs.  He could see her red
bush peeping out of the front of the garter belt, with a
suggestion of the inner lips peeking through.  "Would you - take
off your bra, Mrs. Anderson?" he asked.  "But leave that other
thing on?  I like it."  He was dressed only in a bathrobe, and he
let that fall to the floor and stood before her nude, his eager
young prick jutting from his stomach.  She smiled at him and
slowly unhooked her bra, letting it free her big breasts.  She
dropped it on the bed and cupped her hands under her tits,
rubbing them thoughtfully.
  "What is it you wanted to try, dear?" she asked, spreading her
legs lewdly so that he could see her cunt.  "Would you like to
put it in my mouth and have me suck it for you?"
  Steve nodded dumbly.  He was mesmerized by the wet place
between her legs, his hands drawn to it like a magnet.  He thrust
his hand between her legs and stuck his finger up her, whirling
it around in the sticky softness.  "Sit on the bed," he muttered
hoarsely.  "And I'll put it in your mouth."
  Barbara complied, sitting on the edge of the bed and licking
her lips, looking at his cock avidly.  "If you like," she
whispered.  "You can kiss me down there, too.  Men really love
to do that, kiss a girl's cunt while she sucks their cock!  Why
don't you try it?" She squirmed in anticipation, wondering if she
could get him to eat her.  She knew there was often an initial
resentment to the act.  Her husband had never lapped her cunt!
"If you do, I'll do anything you want," she promised.  "I love it
when a man sucks my cunt ... please do it!"
  Steve looked at her doubtfully.  He didn't particularly want
to stick his face there - but, if it'd keep her happy, and get
her mouth on his cock ... He stretched out beside her, his face
next to her twat, his hips by her head, and carefully opened her
cunt with his fingers, looking into the depths.  Now that he was
here, he grew excited at the notion of sucking her.  She looked
so beautiful down there, the black garter belt against the white
of her thighs and the auburn bush of her pubic hair.  He gazed
into the depths of her cunt, looking into the pink-lined hole.
  "Kiss it, darling!" Barbara cried, squirming her hips.  She
felt that if he didn't do something soon she'd go crazy.
  Steve looked at the fat lips close up; it looked like a mouth!
He pursed his lips and advanced his mouth to her cunt.  She could
feel his hot breath on her wet twat ... closer, closer, his
tongue stuck out like a snake and darted into her hot box.
Barbara moaned.  The feeling was fantastic!  The tentative touch
of the boy's tongue was really turning her on.  He stuck it in
there, sliding it up and down the groove, opening her cunt with
his fingers.
  "That's it!  Oooo!  Lick my hole!  Stick your tongue in my
slit!  Yes!  Yes!  Oh God, I'm going insane.  Lick it in and out,
honey!" Barbara moaned, trembling under the boy's tongue.  He was
getting into it now, plunging his tongue into her depths like a
miniature cock, tongue-fucking her furiously.  "Now suck!  Suck
it all into your mouth!" Barbara instructed, looking down past
her breasts, watching the boy's dark head dip into her twat.  He
covered her entire snatch with his mouth and drew it in with a
loud gurgling noise.  His wandering tongue inadvertently hit her
clit and her body shook.  Steve was a quick learner.  He returned
to the nub of flesh that had produced such a reaction and clamped
his mouth on it, tickling it with his tongue.
  "Oh God!" Barbara screamed, muffling her voice in the pillow.
Incredible flashes of feeling shot through her as the boy sucked
her clit.  Then she felt him raise his head.  "Don't stop!" she
hissed in panic.  "Please ... that's great, do it some more and
I'll cum in your mouth!"
  Steve rubbed her clit with his fingers and said calmly, "Would
you take my cock in your mouth now, Mrs. Anderson?  I'll suck you
good if you will."  As if to demonstrate, he lowered his head
again and rasped his tongue over the tender nub of flesh.
  "Oh, oh yes, I'm sorry, I forgot," Barbara bubbled, reaching
for his small pecker.  As her hand enfolded it lovingly, she
wondered how she could have possibly forgotten it.  It was so
smooth, so excited, with the veins pulsing with excitement.  She
formed her lips into an O and slipped them over the head, sucking
gently on the mushroom cap, licking the exposed nerves under the
edge of the cap.  Slowly, she sucked the whole shaft into her
mouth, right down to the balls.  As her nose buried itself in his
pubic hair, she sniffled deeply, inhaling the musky odor of sex,
and gently cupped his balls in her hand.  Pulling him atop her,
she positioned her lips so he could fuck down into her mouth,
using it like a cunt.  She felt his pecker hit the back of her
throat, tickling her palate, and she loosened her throat muscles
to let him enter.
  Steve had kept almost still as his pecker sank into the warm
cavern of Barbara's mouth.  It was an entirely new sensation.  He
could feel her teeth scraping gently at his flesh as her lips
pulled him in.  He moaned and fucked down into her wet mouth,
feeling the softness of her throat give way under his thrust.
Her hand was under his balls, squeezing gently, probing the
sensitive area at the base of his prick.  And one finger was
curved up the crack of his ass, probing.  He felt the scratch of
her fingernail as she found his youthful bum hole and pressed.
His flesh resisted, then gave way and her finger shot into his
rear, massaging his prostate.
  "Aaaggghhh!" he grunted into her cunt.  The smell of her
arousal filled his nostrils as he dug his face into her snatch.
His busy tongue cleaned out her canal, slurping up the juice as
fast as she made it.  He tasted the hot salty fluid and loved it.
He realized it was her equivalent of cum, and he slurped the
thick fluid happily.  He could feel her whole cunt vibrating
against his mouth as she gushed, her twat grabbed at his tongue
and squeezed it like a hand, sending thrill after thrill through
him.  He was really aroused now ... his cock was pumping in and
out of her mouth like a pile driver, flashing between her lips.
  Barbara's cheeks caved in as she sucked the boy's cock.  She
was in the throes of orgasm now, her cunt spasming and gushing,
her skin crawling as her muscles rippled and knotted with
cumming.  She sucked avidly at the dick in her mouth, wriggling
her finger in his little asshole, prodding him to cum.  She
wanted to taste his youthful semen - she wanted to feel it
gushing down her throat.
  Steve tensed.  His marble-shaped balls lifted and hardened,
then collapsed, shooting a gush of sperm through his jerking cock
into Barbara's mouth.  Her finger in his asshole was like a red
hot wand, stirring his prostate, massaging the back of his prick,
forcing him to cum.  He twisted into her face and lay still,
screwing his cock in one final turn as his cum burst from the
head, filling her mouth.  He felt like the top of his head was
coming off.  He swallowed convulsively, choking on a mouthful of
pussy cum as his dick shot wads of thick white goo into her mouth.
He shuddered convulsively and was still.
  Barbara cleaned his cock lovingly, licking off the delicious
sperm.  It seemed to her the sweetest drink she'd ever had, this
man's thick semen.  She could feel his mouth still sucking
gently at her dripping mound, performing the same service for
her.  She raised her head finally, letting his prick slide from
her mouth, smiling at him.
  He looked at her, too, his face glistening with pussy cum.
"Was it good, Mrs. Anderson?  Did I do it right?" he asked,
pleased with himself.  He knew the answer from the way her body
had responded, but he wanted to hear her tell him.
  "Oh, yes, you're a real little cunt lapper," she said.  "Come
up here and kiss me.  I want to taste my cum on your lips!"
  He shivered at the dirty sound of the words - it was perverse,
he felt, for her to want to taste her own cum, and that made it
even more exciting.  He scrambled beside her and planted a wet
noisy kiss on her lips, imparting the musky taste of pussy to
her.  He drew back and grinned.
  "I think it tastes great," he confided.  "How does mine taste?"
  Barbara smiled at his curiosity.  "Like, like," she stopped,
helpless, unable to describe the taste of semen.  "Anyway, it's
good!"
  "Are you ready now?" he asked, eyeing her speculatively.
  "Ready for what?" Barbara asked nervously.
  "Well, you said you'd do anything I wanted, didn't you?" he
asked, smiling at her innocently.
  "Oh yes, darling, what is it you want?" she smiled at him,
wondering what such an inexperienced man could know about sex.
  "I saw some pictures," he started hesitantly.  "Jerry has them.
Well, there was one that I really liked.  There was this lady,
lady, and she - well she was sticking this thing up her - you
know - up her cunt, and this guy was doing it in her rear.  I'd
really like that, Mrs. Anderson!  Really I would!  I know my
cock's small for your cunt.  I'd really like to try that!"
  Barbara looked at him in consternation, remembering the boys
sticking the bottle in her this afternoon.  She couldn't
understand this male fascination with sticking strange objects up
her.  It seemed filthy and perverted to her.
  "Why don't you just put it back in my cunt again, honey," she
said soothingly.  "Or maybe in my rear if you want.  I like that,
too."
  "No!" he said stubbornly.  "I want to see you put
something like a - I dunno - a cucumber or a bottle or something
up there while I get ready.  If you don't let me, I'll go tell
Jerry!"  He stared at her commandingly, then collapsed.  "It'll
be okay, really it will.  The lady in the picture looked like she
really liked it."
  Barbara sighed, lying back on her bed.  Really, it was amazing
how quickly he had learned to manipulate her, she mused.  He
knew she'd do anything not to have Jerry find out.
  "Okay, Stevie, whatever you want.  What do you want to use?"
She looked at him narrowly, hoping that he didn't really have
anything ready.  He grinned back and slid off the bed.
  "Wait here," he said.  "I'll be right back."
  "Careful," she hissed.  "Jerry ..." But he was gone.  She
rolled over on her stomach, deeply ashamed about the whole scene,
but at a loss to know how to get out of it now.  To her
amazement, she was actually excited at the prospect of being
fucked with something weird.  She thought of the bottle and
shivered, hoping it wouldn't be that big.  Steve returned,
triumphantly waving a long salami.
  "Got it!" he whispered.  "I found this earlier tonight when I
was waiting for you!"  He handed it to her and looked at her
expectantly, his young eyes shining with lust.  "Well, go on, do
yourself with it!"
  Barbara took the salami in her hands and stared at it.  It was
fairly long and and thick, about the size of a grown man's prick.
She looked at him pleadingly.  Really, this was the limit -
fucking with a salami while this man watched, waiting to be
excited.  He held his pecker in his hands, obviously planning to
jerk off with her.  "Go on, Mrs. Anderson!  Stick that salami in
your cunt!  I wanna see it!"
  Barbara sighed and fitted the salami between her legs, probing
for the opening to her cunt.  The end fitted nicely into her
opening and she pressed firmly, forcing it into her.
  "Open you legs," the boy insisted, bending closer.  "I wanna
watch it go in."
  Barbara opened her legs obediently, offering a good view of her
twat.  Her pussy lips were stretched wide around the salami,
which looked like a disembodied red prick gaining admittance.
She raised her hips and slid it in, noticing that her insides
were sopping wet.  Wet for a salami, she thought in disgust.  I'm
really sunk now.  I'll fuck anything.  Really it didn't feel too
bad.  The rough coating was scraping her insides in a pleasing
fashion.  With a twist of the wrist she sent the whole salami
inside her and took her hand away, showing the boy that it was
all inside.
  "Wow," he breathed, his little hand moving fast on his pecker.
"Better than the picture.  It's all inside.  Jeez!  Turn over on
your hands and knees, Mrs. Anderson."  He knelt between her legs
and peered through them.  Her cuntlips were distended several
inches, holding the salami firmly inside her.  He positioned
himself behind her and felt for the end of it, getting a firm
grip and running it in and out of her gorged snatch.
  Barbara groaned in excitement and humiliation.  Here she was on
her hands and knees, with a man pounding a sausage into her from
behind - and she loved it!  There was no doubt that she loved it!
Her cunt snapped hungrily at the salami, drawing it inside her,
filling her cuntal passageway.  She could hear his heavy
breathing behind her as he fucked her brutally with the surrogate
prick.  Suddenly, she felt something warm and wet on her ass.  He
was licking crack!  She moaned at the new sensation, shivering as
his tongue found her puckered pink asshole and swirled around in
there.  It felt great - her ass was still sore from the
afternoon's fucking, and his tongue was a soothing balm.
  "Oh yes, lick my asshole - rim me out," she called
encouragingly.
  She bucked her hips against the salami, enjoying the feel of it
now.  And then she felt his pecker probing at the ass entrance.
With a lunge, he was buried in her shithole!  Fire rippled along
her nerves and she moaned louder, forgetting her son down the
hall.
  "Fuck my ass ... fuck my cunt ... oh, oh, oh, slam it in
there," she babbled, twisting her ass against him, feeling his
balls slap her butt.
  Steve sighed.  His cock felt like it was in a hot vise - much
tighter than her cunt, much dryer, much hotter.  It was so hot he
thought his prick might melt in there!  He jabbed in and out of
her, fucking her twat with the salami at the same time.  He could
feel the salami through the thin membrane that separated her cunt
from her asshole, and he imagined feverishly that it was another
cock, that another boy was fucking her cunt, prick to prick, and
they'd fill her up at the same time!  "Oh, it's so hot!  So
good!" he mumbled, thrusting into her creamy ass.  He was having
trouble keeping his balance, her ass was churning so, but he
valiently fucked on, never missing a stroke.  Then he had to drop
the salami, leaving it wedged in her cunt, and hold on with both
hands.  He felt his orgasm coming.  He shuddered and shot into
her bowels, filling her ass with thick cum suds.
  "Oh ... I'M CUMMMING!!!" he screeched, forgetting everything
but the fantastic sensation of cumming in her ass.  Her ass
sucked at his prick, squeezing it like a vise, and he filled it
with sperm.
  Barbara had grabbed the salami when he dropped it and fucked
herself with it expertly, bringing herself off in a few strokes
to join his orgasm.  Her sticky fluids gushed over her hands.
She was delirious.  She couldn't believe she had cum so hard with
a salami, but she had, though his spurting prick in her ass had
certainly helped!  She sank forward in ecstasy, her cunt
throbbing with fullfillment, her asshole clutching at his
shrinking cock.
  And the light came on.
