     Chapter Six - Freewheeling Barbara Toys With Boys

  Buddy opened the door to his shack and stared out foggily.  He
was stoned out of his mind and he didn't recognize the woman who
stood in his door, looking at him uncertainly.  He stared at her,
his eyes going over her tanned body in the skimpy white bikini,
her disheveled red hair, her flushed face.  He didn't know who
she was but he liked what he saw!  He narrowed his eyes and
looked her over again, his eyes dwelling on her full breasts and
the tender curve of her waist flaring into rounded hips, the
white strip of cloth only emphasizing the mound of her pubis.
  "Wow," he breathed. "I must be really fucked up.  You gotta be
a vision.  Goddamn, I wish all my hallucinations were like this!"
  "She's real, man!" Skip crowed from behind her.  Buddy focused
his eyes and saw his friend.  He hadn't noticed him before.  He
had been too wrapped up in Barbara's charms.
  "Hey, Skip! Jesus. I thought I was tripping or something!  What
a fucking beautiful chick.  What's her name?"  He stood back
motioning them inside.
  "Barbara Anderson," Barbara murmured.  She was slightly
embarrassed.  She knew she was a mess, and the slender boy was
staring at her like he wanted to eat her alive!  She looked at
him out of the corner of her eye.  He was taller than Skip, but
much more slender, with long straight dark hair curling wildly
around his head and over his shoulders.  He was burned very dark
by the sun, and he was only wearing a pair of faded cut-offs that
did nothing to hide the bulge at his crotch.  He saw where she
was staring and laughed unselfconsciously.
  "Well-come in, Barbie, babe.  You, too, Skip!"  He took her arm
and led her into his dark two-room shack.  "Sit down. Want a
beer? Coke? To drink that is!" He laughed, showing white teeth in
his tanned face.
  Barbara looked around warily.  She had never been in any place
like this before.  As her eyes adjusted to the dark, she could
see that one end of the room was covered with pillows.  This was
apparently bed and couch.  A candle glimmered faintly on the
shelf, providing the only illumination, and a strange smell
floated on the air.  The room was thick with smoke, and Barbara
peered through it, making out a few brightly colored posters on
the walls.  An old refrigerator stood in one corner with a hot
plate beside it, and a curtained door led to the other room.
  "I need a shower, Buddy,"  Skip said.  "Wanna join me,
Barbara?"
  Barbara looked at him, realizing it was the first time he'd
called her by her name.  She blushed vividly, glad that the dark
hid her burning cheeks.  She was embarrassed at his calm
assumption that she'd take a shower with him.  It pointed out the
relationship between them.  She looked at Buddy to see how he was
taking it.  He didn't seem perturbed at all.  He padded to the
refrigerator and took out a beer.  Probably used to guys coming
over with their-chicks, she told herself, wondering briefly how
many girls Skip had brought here.  But it doesn't matter, I'm
here now!  She smiled brazenly at both boys.  "Sure," she
answered easily.
  Skip sighed in relief.  He'd been afraid she would freeze on
him for a minute.  But she was smiling widely at him, picking her
way through the dark to his side.
  "Should be a towel in there," Buddy said non-committally,
plopping onto the cushions and balancing his beer beside him.
"I'll roll a couple of J's for us.  Don't take all day in there."
  Barbara watched in fascination as he extracted a plastic baggie
from behind the cushions and began to tap some of the contents
onto a piece of paper.
  "Damn shit's fulla seeds," Buddy grumbled, intent on his task.
  "Come on, honey, you heard the man! Let's hurry," Skip said,
giving her a friendly whack on the buttocks.  They went through
the curtained door into a tiny bathroom.  A limp towel hung on
a nail.  Barbara looked at the room in horror.  There was a
puddle of water on the floor, and the towel was obviously far
from fresh.  But she stepped into the shower, shedding her clammy
swim suit, determined not to make any disparaging remarks.
  You asked for it, she told herself grimly.  As the lukewarm
water hit her body, she relaxed, sighing.  She realized that she
would put ups with this and much more to feel Skip's dick inside
her.  When you have great sex, the outer trappings are
unimportant.  "Is there any soap?" she asked timidly, adjusting
the spray.
  "Should be some up here," Skip replied, stepping into the tiny
cubicle and reaching onto the window ledge.  "Here you go.  You
wash me and I'll do you." He handed her the bar of soap.
  Barbara took it in her wet hands, rubbing it, building up
lather.  She started on his chest, swirling the soap over his
firm muscles.  They were pressed close together in the small
shower, the water pouring over their heads.  Her nipples brushed
against his chest as she soaped him, and shivered as hot points
of fire radiated through her body.  She felt something pushing
firmly into her belly and glanced down.  His prick was rising,
jamming into her stomach.  She grinned up at him and ran her
hands over his flat stomach, feeling him suck in his breath
sharply at her touch.  Teasingly, she slid her hands lower,
lathering under his balls and along the length of his shaft,
slipping her hands between his legs and running her finger in the
crack of his ass.  He was breathing heavily now, his prick
standing at rigid attention at the touch of her hands.
  "Oh, baby, beautiful," he whispered, nuzzling at her damp face.
She raised her mouth to his and they exchanged a passionate kiss,
tongues meshing, the water pouring over their heads.  She lifted
herself on tiptoe and pressed into him, mashing her breasts
against his slippery chest, grinding her pelvis against his
erection.  His hands cupped under her asscheeks, bringing her
against him, his fingers probing her twat from behind.  His
fingers played with her puffy cuntlips, sliding into her groove
and inflaming her passion.
  "Yes, darling," she hissed into his mouth.  "Oh, God, it's so
good ... I love it."  She kissed him fiercely, drinking in his
breath, grinding her lips against his.  His hand was between
their bodies, sliding over her breasts, rubbing her stomach,
dipping lower and feeling inside her slippery cunt, tweaking the
tender flesh until she thought she'd scream.  The water beat
against her sensitive flesh.  It seemed like a thousand hands
were probing her body, demanding admittance.  She spread her legs
wide and braced herself against the shower wall.
  "Take me, Skip.  Fuck me, here," she gasped, lust flooding her.
Gone was any embarrassment, any uncertainty about the situation.
Her flesh wanted his cock and that was enough.
  Skip backed her against the tiles, pushing against the wall.
He fitted the cheeks of her ass into his hands and lifted her
against him, his prick sliding into her canal as if it were
greased.  And it was.  Her pussy was pouring forth copious
lubrication.  She was ready for him.  She felt his pecker slide
into her little by little, until she was completely impaled on
the hot pole.  Skip smiled at her and she returned the smile,
tightening her muscles around his cock to show him how much she
loved it.
  "That's it, baby, all the way in," Skip wheezed, pulling her
firmly against him.  He braced her against the tiles and began
fucking in and out with long slow strokes.  The water felt cool
now in comparison to their burning bodies.  Barbara's skin was
hot to the touch, and inside her cunt Skip's pecker felt like it
was burning off, encased in the firey vise of her pussy.  It was
slick and wet inside with the consistency of soft butter, except
when she clenched her muscles.  He drove into her, grunting
beneath his breath.
  "Uh-uh-uh ... fuck me, baby.  Use that cunt!  It's like a
fucking hand on my cock.  Oh Jesus ... good hot fucking mama."
  Barbara rode his prick, sliding back and forth.  Her backside
banged against the wall with every stroke.  Her breasts shook
under the force of his strokes, and the water pouring over them
made it seem like a dream - a beautiful dream of endless fucking!
She rotated her hips on his plunging shaft, rubbing her clit
against his pubic bush.  The scratchy sensation on that sensitive
organ was driving her fast to orgasm.  Another minute - she
bounded against him, mashing her cunt against him, screwing
herself up and down his pole.
  "I'm gonna cum, baby," Skip warned.  "Hold tight.  Fuck me
good, hot mama, show me how you can shake that ass!"  He pumped
into her violently, and she felt the familiar tremor in his shaft
that preceded orgasm.  She rubbed violently against him, forcing
herself to hurry.  He'd be cumming any minute, and she had to
make it.
  "Oh, don't stop!  Just a little more," she pleaded, feeling her
orgasm fluttering in the pit of her stomach, flinging tendrils of
heat along her nerves.
  "I'll try," Skip grunted, his hands squeezed her buttocks
mercilessly.  His finger found the entrance to her back end and
plunged in, stabbing her asshole.  He felt her spasm against him
and thankfully let go.  He pounded into her, his ass moving in
quick short jabs, then he burst inside her, his jism rushing up
the long tube of his cock and gushing into her as she came in a
flood of pussy juice.
  "Ohhhh ..." she groaned as his semen hit her, soothing her
battered insides.  She felt like she could fuck for hours, it was
so good!  He slipped out of her and they slumped against the wall
of the shower, grinning at each other weakly.
  "Hot stuff!" he said teasingly, flicking her nipples.  "Can't
even take a shower without turning on!  You're really one sexy
lady.  I don't know what I'm gonna do with you!"  He took the
soap from her hands.  Somehow, she had held it throughout their
fierce bout!  "Now hold still while I wash you.  And try to
control yourself!"  He laughed at her and began soaping her
breasts.
  "Yes, sir," she answered happily.  She closed her eyes.
  "Hey you guys!  Hurry it up," Buddy called.  "Don't fuck all
day.  Save it for a while!"
   Skip and Barbara smiled at each other.  "Don't worry, Buddy,
she can fuck all day and then some!"  Skip answered.  Barbara
blushed, then giggled at her young lover.
  I don't care she thought fiercely.  I don't care what people
think or what happens - I'm just going to have fun!
   "Well, you heard the man!" she told Skip, repeating his
earlier words teasingly.  "Let's hurry and see what he's up to."
  "As if I didn't know," Skip grumbled, turning off the shower.
"Oh, well, cast aside.  Here, lady, dry yourself on this if you
can!"  He handed her the towel gingerly, grinning widely.  "Hey,
Buddy!  Don't you have another towel in this dump?"
  Buddy appeared through the curtain and threw Skip a red cloth.
"Use the bedspread.  I need to get some more towels.  I used to
have some, but they're gone now."  He grinned comically, lounging
in the doorway.  "God the floor's sopping wet.  You must have
fucked up a storm in here!"  He looked at Barbara, his eyes
taking in all of her damp body.  "Wow, you're really a beautiful
chick," he said sincerely.
  Barbara was embarrassed in spite of herself.  She wasn't used
to this completely matter-of-fact acceptance of sex.  She was
determined to brazen it out, to act as if this were an everyday
occurrence for her.  She smiled at Buddy, reaching up and
fluffing her wet hair with her fingers, knowing that the movement
of her arms brought her breasts into full globes.  Her nipples
were still erect from her recent lovemaking, and they stuck out
of her brownish areolas.  "Thank you, Buddy," she answered
demurely.  "Glad you approve," She brought the towel between her
legs and rubbed back and forth against her damp snatch, watching
his face.
  "Jesus! I can't stand it!" Buddy said, watching her admiringly.
"Where did you find her?  No, don't tell me, I'd rather guess.
She's gotta be some kind of food for the gods!"  He kissed her
fingers extravagantly.
  "Don't mind Buddy.  He's crazy," Skip offered.  He threw the
red bedspread into a damp corner and turned to his mistress.
"Wanna beer or something?  I'm thirsty as shit!"
  "Sure," Barbara replied, tossing her towel on top of his and
stepping out of the shower stark naked.  "Lead me to it!" She
walked through the door, her breasts bobbling, brushing casually
against the boy lounging in the doorway.  As she entered the
other room, she looked back at the two guys.  "Well? Don't keep a
lady waiting! she said.
  "You heard the lady!" both boys said together, looking at each
other and bursting into laughter.  Skip went over to Barbara and
threw an arm around her waist, leading her to the pile of
cushions and pulling her down.  They fell in a heap, giggling,
arms and legs entwined.  Buddy dropped beside them and lay back,
rummaging around until he found the cigarette that he had rolled
earlier.  He struck a match and lit it, drawing the smoke deep
into his lungs and passing the joint to Barbara.
  "I don't smoke," she said, reclining against Skip and wondering
what was going to happen now.  She was a little peeved.  She had
expected both men to fall on her when they hit the cushions, and
Buddy had just lain back and lit a cigarette!  She wondered when
they'd get down to business.
  "Go on, honey, take a drag.  It's grass.  You won't believe how
it is to fuck on grass," Skip told her.
  Barbara shrugged.  Why not, she thought.  I've done everything
else.  I may as well try this too.  She took the stick gingerly
between thumb and forefinger and brought it to her lips, drawing
the smoke into her lungs.  She coughed violently, her eyes
watering.
  "Hold the smoke,"  Buddy said, patting her on the back.  "Just
a couple of drags'll do it.  This is dynamite weed."
  Barbara gamely drew some more smoke into her lungs and held her
breath until she thought her ears would burst, then let it out.
She was surprised to see only a small puff of smoke issue from
her mouth.  She looked at Buddy for approval.
  "Far out," he said nodding.  "You and Skip share that one, I'm
fucked up already."  He was lying back in the nest of cushions,
one hand lazily stroking his penis.  Barbara stared at him.
Somehow, he had removed his cut-offs and was as nude as she and
Skip.  She watched him fixedly, mesmerized by the action of his
hand on his cock.  Everything seemed slowed down, heightened.
She took another drag from the joint Skip offered, never taking
her eyes off Buddy's penis.
  It's longer than Skip's, and thinner, she thought dreamily.
And his balls are huge.  Suddenly she heard her voice saying.
"You've got a beautiful cock, Buddy, I'd like to suck it.  I'd
love to taste your dick!"  She was surprised.  It didn't sound
like her voice at all.
  "Sure, baby," Buddy said lazily.  "Come here.  Are you feeling
good now?"
 "Oh yes ... soooo goood ... I want to blow you.  It'll taste so
good,"  Barbara murmured, crawling towards him.  Finally, after
what seemed like an eternity she reached him, sliding beside him,
her face inches away from his cock.  She lapped at it, swirling
her tongue through his coarse bush of hair, nuzzling at the base
of his cock.  She made little mewling sounds as she licked around
his cock, sliding her tongue up one side and down the other,
licking under the head, sticking the tip of her tongue in the
hole.  She sucked gently on the tip, drawing his pre-cum fluids
into her mouth, slobbering all over the head of his prick,
drawing it into her mouth, sucking, sucking, her mouth slid
lower, drawing his long thin prick into the wet cavern of her
mouth until it hit the back of her throat, then relaxing her
muscles and taking it in full length, down to the balls.  She
choked a little, but continued sucking, her cheeks caving in with
the pressure, exerting an even pressure on the whole shaft.
  "Jesus! What a chick.  She's taking the whole thing," Buddy
groaned, twining his fingers in her hair and smashing her face
against him.  Her nose was buried in his hair and she snuffled as
she fought for breath, but the incredible pressure did not stop.
"God! She's like a fucking vacuum!"
  "Yeah," Skip agreed.  He was watching Barbara blow his friend,
noting the way her head bobbed up and down as she took it all in,
watching her lips gripping firmly on the shaft.  "It's in her
throat, Buddy.  Jeez! Look at her go!" Skip slid nearer to get a
better view, sliding his hand between Barbara's legs as he did.
"She's dripping wet already!" he cried.  "Shit.  I think I'm
gonna eat me some pussy," he mumbled, probing at Barbara's slit.
She was kneeling in front of Buddy, busy with his cock, and
didn't notice as Skip slid his head between her legs from behind.
He cupped his hand over her ass and pulled her dripping twat into
his face, inhaling the odor of excited pussy.  She jumped as his
tongue snaked into her, then hunched violently into his face,
mashing herself into his mouth.  She was bobbing her head up and
down on Buddy's prick now, using her lips and teeth as a ridge,
exerting maximum pressure.
  Buddy pumped up into her mouth.  He could see Skip's hands
grasping her ass as his friend lapped her pussy.  "Yeah, eat her
out, Skip," he called.  "Sit on his face, honey, and suck me
good.  Goddamn, that's some action ... far out!  Fantastic!  Suck
me, sugar ... milk my balls.  Squeeze my balls, baby.  Yeah, man!
That's it!"  He watched his pecker sink into her mouth, feeling
the rasp of her tongue.  "The head.  Suck the head harder, baby.
Yeah!  Get it on!"
  Skip slurped up Barbara's juices, running his tongue up and
down her slot, nibbling at her clitoris, sucking the whole vulva
into his mouth with smacking noises.  She seemed to be coming
constantly, pouring a flood of sticky fluid down his throat,
trembling under his hands.  His prick was erect again, pulsing
between his legs, but he was too intent on eating her cum to
bother about it now.
  Barbara sucked at Buddy's dick like a candy stick.  Spittle ran
out of her mouth, dripping down his shaft and matting in his
pubic hair.  She felt like she'd been eating him for hours.  Her
tongue knew every ridge of his prick by heart and titillated the
most sensitive areas knowingly.  She was in a continuous flow of
orgasm, unbearably excited by Skip's tongue in her twat and
Buddy's cock in her mouth.  She wanted him to cum.  She wanted to
taste his thick sperm.  She sucked harder, digging her finger
under him to probe his asshole, grinding her cunt into Skip's
face.  His lips had clamped onto her clit now, and he was
thrumming it with his tongue, sending incredible flashes of
pleasure through her.  She shook in the grasp of endless orgasm.
It was going on forever.  Time stood still as the three bodies
writhed on the cushions, pleasuring each other with hand and
tongue.  Skip thrust a finger up her asshole and massaged her
there, his other hand joining his tongue in her cunt, two fingers
sliding into her distended hole.  She bucked against his hand,
sending his fingers up the slick canal, her cunt spasming and
gushing.  She slid her hand under Buddy's ass and rammed her
forefinger into his asshole, massaging his prostate, while her
thumb probed at the sensitive spot at the base of his prick.  She
felt his balls lift and harden in their wrinkled sac and knew
that he was near orgasm.  She held her mouth steady and he fucked
upwards into it, using it like a cunt.
  "Hold on, baby.  That's it!  Jesus!  I'm gonna shoot!  Here it
comes!  Drink my cum, baby, AHHHH! Uh-UH-Uh-SHIT! HERE IT COMES!"
Buddy yelled, twisting his hips, screwing his pecker into her
mouth.  At the last moment she felt his prick jerk and swell
against her teeth, then it was jerking wildly, spewing a fountain
of cum down her throat.
  She swallowed greedily, drinking in every bit of the gooey
stuff, gargling it around her mouth, feeling the texture with
teeth and tongue.  As she raised her head, smiling mistily and
licking her lips, Skip pulled his head from under her cunt and
positioned himself behind her.
  Buddy lay back on the bed, his prick relaxed against his leg.
A few last droplets of jism oozed from the head of the penis, and
Barbara dipped her head and lapped them off, cleaning him
carefully.
  "Mmmm," she murmured to him. "Tastes good, lover, I love the
taste of cum!"  She grinned at him loosely, showing her teeth and
tongue which had given him such pleasure.
  "Yeah.  You're one fantastic little cocksucker, for sure,"
Buddy replied fondly, running his hands over her face and hair,
touching her lips, inserting the tip of his finger between them.
She licked his finger, running her tongue over it as if it were a
cock.
  "Hey, Buddy," Skip grunted.  "Hold her for me.  I'm going in
the back door."  He was kneeling behind Barbara, his prick in his
hand, spreading her cheeks with the other.  He stuck one finger
up her asshole and Barbara wiggled against it, looking back over
her shoulder and smiling encouragingly.
  "Hey, man, she digs cornholing, too? Buddy asked, watching.  He
knew that not many women were really turned on by sodomy, and he
was eager to see one who really enjoyed it.
  "This chick digs every fucking thing you can do to her,
don'tcha baby? Skip grinned.  He screwed his finger in and out of
her anal passage and Barbara moaned and ground against him.
  "Oh, yes, yes - anything you want.  Fuck me anywhere, any way.
Just stick your beautiful cock in me," she babbled.  She was
really turned on.  Her pussy was running continuously from the
constant stimulation.  Her head spun.  She had never imagined sex
could be like this, one experience after another, one wrenching
cum after cum from tortured insides.  And she didn't want to stop
- ever!  "Just ram it in dry, honey ... don't bother to spit on
it.  Just give it to me!"  She shuddered, anticipating the
delicious pain.  Her eyes were fixed on Buddy now, watching his
reactions.  She wanted to see his face while his friend cornholed
her.  His watching made it even more exciting.  "Play with my
tits, Buddy honey," she asked.  "Rub'em good while Skip fucks my
ass!"
  Buddy obligingly slid down and grasped her hanging tits in both
hands, squeezing the nipples between his fingers, feeling the
weight of them in his palms.  "Beautiful tits," he whispered, his
breath mingling with hers.  "I could really go for you big,
honey.  You're a far out chick."  He bent down and kissed her
open lips,lashing his tongue into her mouth, sucking her breath
wit his.  Barbara kissed him back noisily, slurping his saliva
greedily.  As Skip fitted the head of his cock in the tiny hole
of her bowels, she pushed out like she was shitting, opening
herself to him.  He tensed his muscles and with one mighty shove,
ripped into her dry ass, tearing aside the tender membranes.  She
screamed silently into Buddy's mouth, his lips muffling her cry
of pain.  He pulled at her tits fiercely, mauling the sensitive
flesh unmercifully, and pulled his head from hers, looking up to
see Skip enter her ass.
  "Far fucking out," he breathed, seeing her flesh crumple under
Skip's attack.  "Get in there, Skip, give the lady a ride!"
  "I am, man, I am!" Skip grunted between thrusts.  "It's hot as
shit in here.  My Goddamn cock's burning off!  Whooee!  Fuck my
rod!"  He clutched her sweaty ass for support and pounded into
her, cleaving her ripe buttocks with powerful strokes.
  Barbara was moving her ass lustily against him now, her pain
forgotten and swept away by an intense flood of lust.  She ground
her hips in circles, screwing herself up and down the flailing
pole that flashed in and out of her chute.  "Faster!" she cried.
"Harder!  Fuck me harder!  I wanna feel it in my guts ... yes,
yes, that's it!  I'm full of your cock.  It's so fucking big!
It's splitting me in two!"  She braced herself on hands and
knees, giving herself totally to the feeling of being fucked in
the ass by his youthful prick.  She was a mass of nerve endings
 ... the air seemed to burn her skin.  She could vaguely hear a
sloshing sound as Skip pounded into her, and her twat lubricated
furiously.  She wished something was in there too.  She wanted to
be fucked everywhere.
  Barbara looked into Buddy's face, a few inches from hers.  He
was intent on the lascivious sight of Skip fucking her rear, and
his hands were pressing and massaging her hanging tits.  She
glanced down at his penis.  It was half hard again, but not hard
enough to penetrate her.  She groaned in frustration.
  "Buddy," she whispered.  "Put something in my cunt.  I've gotta
have something in there!  It's so fucking empty!"  Her voice rose
to a whine.  "Please, fuck my pussy.  It's so ready for it."
  Buddy ran his hand down her stomach, over her sopping bush and
whistled between his teeth.  "I'll say.  You're wet as a river!"
He looked at his cock and shook his head slightly.  It wasn't
quite ready yet, and she needed it now.  She squirmed against his
hand pleadingly and he glanced around the room.  His wandering
gaze lit on a long slender-necked wine bottle.  "Wait a minute,
honey.  I've got it," he muttered, grabbing the bottle in one
hand.  It was a little dusty and he rubbed it off on the pillows,
shining it.  "Just the thing!  This'll send you off!" he
promised.
  "Stick your fist in her," Skip wheezed, slowing his strokes as
he watched this by-play.  "She can take your whole goddamn fist!"
As he saw his friend take up the bottle, a slow grin spread over
his features.  He steadied himself against her ass.
  Barbara watched in partial fear.  She wasn't sure how the
inanimate glass bottle would feel inside her.  "Be careful.  It
might break," she warned.
  "Don't worry, sugar.  Buddy'd never hurt that cunt," Buddy
replied.  He was getting excited at the thought of sinking the
bottle into her warm flesh now.  He slid under her sideways,
bottle in hand.  "Open up.  Here comes!"  He located her pussy
entrance with his finger and fitted the lip of the bottle into
her.  The bottle was shaped like a flask.  It bellied out from a
thin neck into a round bottom.  The end slipped in easily, and he
teased her clitoris with his fingers to make her relax.
  "Oooo!  It's cold!" Barbara squealed.  She had never felt
anything like this before.  She was slightly ashamed that she was
so excited at being fucked with a bottle.  Because she was
excited, the perversity only added to her lust.  Her cunt
hungrily sucked at the bottle, drawing it in.  It slipped easily
for a ways, then stopped as the bottle grew too thick.
  "That's all she'll go, baby," Buddy said, disappointed.  He had
wanted to see the whole bottle slide past her fleshy lips, but it
seemed it was too big.  He didn't want to hurt her.  He drew it
out halfway and fucked it back and forth into her, rasping her
sensitive lips with cold glass.
  "Aw, shit, Buddy, shove it in.  She can take it!" Skip cried.
He stroked into her ass a few times, warming her up.  "It's a
bottomless pit in there.  I had my hand in past the wrist and she
wanted more!"
  Buddy shrugged.  He squinted his eyes in the dim light up at
Barbara's cunt.  The lips were fitted snugly around the bottle
neck, and it seemed to him they were trying to crawl down
farther, taking in more.  Moisture dripped from her crack, and
the glass surface was greasy with her secretions.  Barbara rocked
back and forth between the cock in her asshole and the bottle.
The bottle did help to fill the void in her cunt, but she wanted
more.
  "Put it all in," she whispered in a tiny voice, half hoping he
didn't hear her.  It seemed so dirty to beg someone to shove a
bottle in your cunt.  And it would hurt, she knew it would, but
she had to have it.  Her head spun from the grass she had smoked
and the whole scene took on a wavering unreality.  She couldn't
believe she was actually kneeling on a pile of cushions in a
dirty shack, with one man stuck up her ass and another ramming a
bottle in her cunt.  She hesitated.  Maybe she should pull free
and run.  It was wrong and perverted, she knew that.  Barbara's
lust had cooled a little now.  Skip had only been fucking her
lazily for the last few minutes, saving himself, and the shock of
the bottle in her cunt had sobered her slightly.  She squirmed
trying to free herself.
  "I'm going to leave now," she stuttered trying to get loose.
But Buddy had anticipated her action.  He knew how chicks
sometimes got cold feet in the middle of a kinky scene.
  "Oh no you're not," he snarled at her.  Barbara froze at the
note in his voice.  "I'm gonna ram this bottle in your cunt.  You
asked for it, and you're gonna get it!  And I'm not through yet
by a long shot.  Relax and enjoy it, baby, you ain't going
anywhere!"  He screwed the bottle menacingly into her cunt.  "And
if you try anything else I will break it!"
  With this final threat, Barbara's resistance crumbled.  She
hadn't really wanted to leave anyway, she told herself, tears
starting in her eyes.  She obligingly relaxed her cunt muscles
and Buddy started pushing the bottle slowly past her distended
lips.  As it hit the spot where he had stopped before, he paused,
then, with a brutal shove, buried the whole wine bottle in her
twat.
  Barbara groaned as the object burst through her ring of muscles
and entered the corridor of her womb canal.  She was stretched to
the limit, her groaning muscles expanded around the slick surface
of the bottle with protest, but they did expand.
  "Oh God!" she screamed.  Skip plunged wildly into her rear at
the same time the bottle hit the bottom of her cunt, and her hips
moved automatically with his thrust.  Despite herself, her body
took the double invasion and reveled in it, seesawing back and
forth between the two.  She didn't know which hole felt more
distended, the tiny passageway in her ass, or her bottle-filled
cunt.  She felt like a sausage - stuffed at both ends, and she
groaned loudly, half in lust, half in pain as she shuddered under
the assault.
  "She's got the whole motherfucker in her cunt!" Buddy cried to
Skip.  "You should see it, man, her lips are puffed out like you
wouldn't believe!  I've never seen a cunt like this one.  You're
right, she'll fuck anything!  Jesus!"  Buddy rammed the bottle in
and out of the wide open cunt.  Her juices ran out of the
distended hole and trickled down his arm as he pinched her
clitoris with his free hand.
  "I can feel it from here!" Skip screamed suddenly.  "God! I can
feel the bottle in her cunt!  Oh, man.  Fuck her with that
bottle!  It's hard as a rock against my prick!  I'm gonna cum
soon, I can't stand this shit!" He held tight onto Barbara's
quaking ass and pumped into her.  His eyes were closed as he
concentrated on the weird sensation of feeling something in her
cunt while he fucked her ass!  Colors danced behind his closed
eyelids as he built up to a mind-bending orgasm.
  "I'm gonna cum in your ass, baby!" he cried.  "All in your hot
little ass!  Pull it out of me, milk my fucking balls!  They're
gonna bust - I've gotta cum  AAAggghhh!  I'M CUMMINNNGGG!!!"
  With a last lunge, he fell on her back, his cock twitching and
jerking in the dank recesses of her bunghole as he shot his wad
into her vitals.  As he came, Barbara hunched down wildly on the
bottle, almost taking in Buddy's hand in the process.
  "Fuck me harder," she moaned.  "I want to cum, too!  Oh God!
Cram that thing in my cunt and make me cum!"
  But Buddy had other plans.  His cock was hard now, and he
wanted in on the action.  He pulled the bottle out with a loud
plop and jerked her forward against him, jerking her off of
Skip's cock.  As the stream of shit-stained semen poured from her
empty asshole, he drew her onto him, lying back.  "Okay,
sweetheart, climb aboard," he grinned.  "Ride my cock and fuck me
good."
  Barbara felt the cool air hit her cunt as the bottle was
extracted.  She didn't want that, her orgasm was fluttering in
the base of her stomach and she needed to reach it.  She eyed his
cock hungrily as it stood straight up from his belly and then
straddled him, lowering herself.  As the head entered her, she
sighed, thinking that nothing felt like a stiff prick in the
cunt.  She loved it all - in her mouth, ass being eaten - even
being fucked with a bottle - all were grist for her sexual mill.
But nothing beat a cock in her dripping cunt. She slid down onto
his stiff pole, her lips munching down the shaft like a greasy
mouth, engulfing him.
  "Ride me, hot mama," Buddy replied, reaching out and grabbing
her hanging tits.  "Bounce that ass on my balls!  Fuck, that's
great.  You got the best cunt action in town!  That's how to fuck
baby!"  He twisted her tits in both hands and lay almost still,
letting Barbara take the lead in balling him.
  And she did.  She leaned forward and started an exciting
circular movement with her pelvis, her hips moving like a well-
oiled piston.  She could feel him deep inside her, and it turned
her on and inspired her to even more dextrous movements.  Up and
down she rose and fell on his stiff standing rod, screwing her
cunt onto him.  Lewd sounds burst from her open lips as she led
the fuck, twisting her hips so that the extended nub of her
clitoris rubbed against him and mashed into his pubic hair.  The
small nub of flesh had become highly sensitized.  Every rasp of
hair shot a new thrill through her.  She needed her motions, her
cunt was beginning to spasm.
  "She's starting to cum!" Skip called.  His voice penetrated the
lustful daze of the other two.  Buddy looked at his friend and
grinned.  "She's too fucking much much, man," he grunted.  "She's
riding my cock like a cowgirl!"  He was moving now in
synchronization with the woman, his hips rising to meet hers and
thrust his cock to the depths.
  Skip felt around on the bed.  He knew Buddy had dropped the
bottle somewhere.  His searching fingers encountered the cold,
cum-smeared glass and drew it to him, not letting on what he was
going to do.  He knelt behind the fucking pair and slowly fit the
neck of the bottle between her asscheeks as she bent forward.
  Barbara jumped as she felt the cold neck hit her asshole.  He
wasn't!  He couldn't!  "NO!  NO!" she cried in terror.  But her
protests died under a flood of orgasm that swept her as her wave
of cum broke over her.
  He rammed the neck of the bottle into her rear.  He knew it
wouldn't go in all the way like it had in her cunt, but he shoved
it as far as it would go.  Through a mist of thrashing cum,
Barbara felt the sharp pain in her rear, and then it was gone,
only adding another sensation to the ones sweeping her.
  "I've got the bottle in her ass!" Skip called to Buddy.
  "Jesus!" Buddy screamed, unbearably excited by the thought.  He
could feel the presence of some foreign object pressing against
his prick inside her.  "I feel it!  Holy shit!" His pecker jumped
and his balls burst forth a flooding tide of hot semen, gushing
into Barbara's overheated cunt, spattering the walls and clinging
to them in gooey lumps.  "I'm cumming!  Oh, God, am I cumming!
Feel it, baby, feel my hot fucking cum!" he yelled, picturing her
shithole distended around the bottle.  He opened his eyes and saw
her contorted face as she spasmed through orgasm after orgasm,
impaled on his prick and Skip's bottle.
  "OOOOHHHH!!!  FUCK!  SHOOT IN ME!" she squealed.  The hard
bottle in her rear end made her convulse again as Skip slammed it
home.  She could feel Buddy slipping out of her, and still she
came, her tortured insides quivering as spasm after spasm
wrenched her.  She felt like the top of her head was blowing off
and cum was shooting out of her brains.  Finally her asshole
twitched and she felt an overwhelming urge to shit.  Just as she
pressed with all the force on her bowels, Skip pulled out the
bottle.
  "I think I've had enough," she whispered.  And for the moment,
she had.  Her body was satisfied, her pussy weak and flabby
feeling.
  "Man, I think we're all fucked out," Buddy quipped.  "As well
as fucked up!"  He laughed hollowly.  "I don't believe this
chick.  She's a fucking machine!"  He stroked Barbara's red head
tenderly.  "You guys want a beer or some more weed?  I gotta rest
for a while."
  "No.  No, I have to leave," Barbara murmured.  "It's getting
late.  I'm exhausted, anyhow.  And I don't need any more of that
stuff!"
  "Hey, you bring her back soon, you hear me?  I wanna see a lot
of this lady.  And, Barbara, if you're ever down this way by
yourself, I'm here usually.  And if I've got anybody else here,
I'll kick them out if you want.  You're the living end.  I mean
it."  Buddy looked at her sincerely.  He was too pooped to get
up.  "Kiss me goodbye."  Barbara rolled off the pile of cushions
and kissed him on the mouth.
  "Sure, Buddy, it was really fantastic.  I'll be back," she
promised.
  "Far out, baby.  Anytime.  You're a whole trip in itself,"
Buddy said, closing his eyes.  "Take good care of her, Skip."
  "Oh, I will, Buddy, she's a special lady," Skip grinned,
tousling her hair.  He wasn't as wrung out as the other two, and
he wondered if he could get Barbara to stop off and blow him
before she went home.  He looked at her.  She was exhausted, but
she smiled at him and winked, as if reading his mind.
