      Chapter Eight - Freewheeling Barbara Toys With Boys

  "What's going on!  Mom - Steve?" Jerry cried in anguish,
staring at the scene on the bed.
  Steve stared at his friend with blank eyes.  His cock slipped
out of Barbara's relaxed asshole with a plop and lay along his
leg.  He looked dully at it.  It was limp with a string of semen
still hanging from the head.  "Uh, Jer - "
  "Get out of here.  You fucked my mother!" Jerry screamed
wildly, clenching his fists.  He was aware of a wild surge of
rage and jealousy.  She hadn't pulled away from Steve leaving him
with an aching erection like she had with him!  "Go away!"
  Steve slid off the bed hurriedly, keeping his eyes away from
the recumbent figure of Mrs. Anderson.  She was lying perfectly
still, her head pressed into the pillows.  He noticed something
beside her.  The salami!  Guiltily he sidled out of the room,
keeping away from Jerry.
  "Well, Mom?" Jerry asked, a sneering note in his voice.  "Turn
over and look at me!"
  Barbara turned over and crouched against the end of the bed,
bringing her knees up before her breasts to hide them, then
realized that the motion exposed her inflamed cunt to her son's
eyes.  Vainly, she tried to shield herself.  She felt sunk.
  "Can't I even look?  Steve got to touch - touch, hell!  He
fucked you!" Jerry advanced on her, his fists balled up.
  "Jerry ... I can explain.  Let me tell you -" Barbara babbled.
  Jerry waved his hand at her, indicating her disarranged state.
"Explain what!?  That you are a whore?  Jesus ... look at you!"
he said in disgust.  "I saw you this afternoon with that kid,
kissing him in the parking lot!  What is it?  You just fuck kids?
Is that it?  Well ... move your hands.  I wanna look at what
everybody else fucks!"  He grabbed her hands and moved them away
from her tits.  He was furious at her for lowering herself from
her pedestal - at himself for wanting her.  He remembered when
she had watched him jack off, when she had touched him in the
pool and left him aching.  She hadn't left anyone else in that
state.  Just him.
  "Jerry," Barbara whispered.  "I don't know what's wrong with
me.  I've never been like this before.  The last few days have
been a nightmare.  I can't control myself, I even touched you, my
own son!  And that's evil."  She looked at him earnestly, willing
him to understand.  He had to understand.  She felt like her
heart was breaking.  Her little boy - her son - looking at her
with hate in his eyes.  She moaned softly and she began to entice
him in the only way she knew, with her body.  She wanted to show
him how it was, how it was to want sex so bad that it hurt.  That
you'd do anything to ease that pain.  "I have to have it, Jerry."
  "But with kids!  Kids my age!  Why not me?  Why not?  You've
fucked every kid in town, probably, why can't I get it, too?
Don't you like my cock?  Isn't it big enough for you?  It's
bigger than Steve's!  I saw you looking at it before, well, you
can have it now!" Jerry squealed in a high voice.  He held his
dick like a weapon, pointing it at her.  "Here, suck it like you
did his!  You're gonna do everything with me you did with him,
and then I'm gonna leave you and never come back!" He advanced on
her, pointing his cock at her mouth.  "Open your mouth and suck
my cock, whore!" he shouted grabbing her by the hair.  "You love
it so much ... go on, then!  Suck your son's dick!"
  "Oh, Jerry ... don't let it be like this.  Don't hate me,"
Barbara mumbled.  Her voice was choked off as Jerry rammed his
prick into her mouth choking her.  Her nose was buried in his
sparse hair, her nostrils full of the scent of him.  She gagged
and coughed, then clamped on his cock.  If he wanted it, she'd
give it a good sucking!  She wanted him to know how sex was,
well, this was her chance!  She sucked deeply on his cock,
running her tongue around the head, drawing him into her mouth,
yielding before him and taking him in.
  Jerry gasped as his prick sank into his mother's mouth.  It was
a wonderful feeling.  Her tongue hit all the most sensitive spots
and made his blood race.  He hadn't imagined it would be this
good, looking at the pictures and hearing the other guys talk.
He had heard quite a few stories about girls who gave head, but
the reality far surpassed any story.  Her lips were nibbling up
and down the surface of his prick and she sucked it with an
ecstatic expression on her face, as if it were the most delicious
thing in the world!  Her mouth felt like a hot wet cavern, just
made for sucking his cock.  He dipped into her and pulled out
again, feeling the incredible suction as her cheeks caved in
around it.
  "Oh, suck it good," he murmured, looking at his mother's face.
He wound his fingers in her red hair, the same color as his, and
pumped into her mouth.  Her teeth lightly scraped the ridges of
his turgid cock, sending thrills of pleasure through him.  He
hunched forward, driving into her mouth.  He couldn't stop.  The
whole world was a sucking mouth, pulling him into it!  He twisted
and turned his hips, slamming into her face, trying to hurt her,
and she gave with every stroke, sucking him in, greedily licking
his rod, wanting more.
  Barbara sucked at her son's cock in delight.  It seemed that
everything else had just been leading up to this, this last
perversity.  She pulled on him avidly, remembering how tiny his
peter had been when he was a baby, and contrasting it to its
present length.  It tasted wonderful, the salty tang of his pre-
cum filled her mouth, tantalizing her, making her want to taste
his hot semen on her tongue.  She cupped her hand under his balls
and rolled them in their wrinkled sac, feeling them churn like
hard slick marbles in her palm.
  "Oh, Mom, I'm gonna cum!  I can't help it!  I'm gonna cum!"
Jerry grunted, pumping furiously into her open mouth.  He twisted
violently against her lips, feeling his sperm foam in his balls
and rise in his cock to burst in her mouth.  "I'M CUMMING!  IN
YOUR MOUTH!"
  Barbara sucked vigorously at the hot flow of her son's sperm,
drinking from the spurting fountain of his prick.  It seemed like
it would never quit.  She gulped and swallowed a bucket of
frothing jism.  Finally she fell back on the pillows and Jerry's
cock slid from her lips.  He stared at her, a strange light in
his eyes.
  "That was great," he admitted, slightly ashamed of his lust.
  "Do you se how it is now?  Did you want me to stop sucking
you?"  Barbara asked.  "Could you stop yourself ... once you were
fucking my mouth?"
  "No, no I couldn't," Jerry admitted.  "No way ... It was
unreal, it was like I was just a cock and I had to cum ..." his
voice trailed off.
  "Would you like to fuck me?" Barbara asked casually, watching
his face.  She wanted him desperately.  She wanted his cock in
her twat, and she also wanted him to experience the whole of sex.
She had to show him how powerful sex was - how the more you got,
the more you got, the more you wanted.  She didn't want him to
think of her as a whore.  She wanted to show him how great sex
was and how it got control of a person.  She still felt it was
wrong to fuck and suck her own son, but she was committed now.
She promised herself that tomorrow she would take care of it all
- tomorrow.  Right now she wanted to fuck her son.
  "God yes, Mom ... I guess I've wanted to for a long time,"
Jerry admitted, looking at her squarely.  "I was so jealous of
those other guys, I wanted to hurt you ... but now, I'd love to
fuck you, if you want me to."  He looked at her pleadingly, his
eyes going over her lush body, her full breasts tipped with
coral, her slender waist and flaring hips encircled by the black
garter belt, her bright auburn pussy hair covering her mound of
delight.
  "Oh yes, Jerry, I want you to," Barbara breathed.  "Come up
here.  You can suck my titties if you like ... suck the nipples
good, son, and I'll love it!  And touch my pussy.  Just slide
your hand down there."  She guided his hand to her pubic area and
opened her legs, letting him slip his fingers in.
  "Gosh, our hair's the same color down there," Jerry said,
laughing nervously.  He felt his mother's cunt open invitingly
under his fingers as he probed.  He sank his middle finger in to
the knuckle, feeling around her cunt, sliding it in and out of
the canal.  He was amazed at the pressure her twat exerted on his
finger.  He wondered how his cock would feel in that tight,
sucking well and shivered in anticipation.  His young pecker was
erect again, standing straight out from his stomach in an arching
curve, out of his soft nest of reddish curls.
  "It's wet," he confided, diddling her with his fingers, smiling
as she quivered.  He knew he was turning her on, and he was
proud.  His mother was quivering and trembling under him, wanting
him to stick his cock in her cunt.  "It's all wet and squishy in
there."
  Thank God Steve didn't cum in my cunt, Barbara thought
fervently.  She wouldn't want her son's first fuck to be sloppy
seconds!  Out loud she murmured, "That's because I want you so,
darling!  I love your finger in my cunt, fucking me!  Do it
harder ... make me cum on your hand!  That's it!  Yes, oooohhhh
yes ... fingerfuck me, baby, fuck your mama with your hand!  Make
me cum."  She flopped around, impaled on his fingers like a fish
on a hoop, her orgasm causing her to shimmer and shake.  Her
pussy gushed, wetting his hand.
  "Did you pee on my hand, Mom?" Jerry asked as the warm, hot
fluid gushed over his fingers.  Barbara was silent as her orgasm
subsided, then said hoarsely, "No, darling, that was my cum -
that's how a girl cums.  Now fuck me, for God's sake, get on me
and fuck me!  Put your cock in my hole and fuck your mama!"
  Jerry scrambled on top of his mother.  She raised her hips,
presenting her pussy in a blatant invitation.  He sank his prick
between her legs, searching for the wet, warm hole he had
imagined receiving him.  And then he found it.  With a cry of
triumph he sank into her, his cock plunging into the vagina that
had given birth to him eighteen years ago.  "I'm in, Mom, I'm in
your cunt!" he cried.
  "Yes, oh yes, you are!  Your beautiful prick is in my twat -
deep - so deep - and good - oh God!  It's driving me wild!"
Barbara cried, wrapping her legs around her son's back and
rocking under him.  She felt her insides melt into a mass of sex
crazed flesh, her twat opening under his forceful plunges.  She
could imagine no greater thrill than this, fucking her son,
receiving his sperm in her cunt!  The depravity and perverseness
excited her even more.  She drummed her heels against his legs as
she lifted and churned beneath him, using her pussy like a vise
to clamp him to her.  She never wanted it to end.  She wanted to
go on and on in this lustful dream, floating on a cloud of
desire, her body spasming and convulsing in a powerful orgasm.
  "Fuck me, fuck me, Jerry!" she cried wildly.  She was smashed
into the bed with each lunge of his prick.  She wished she could
engulf him completely, take his whole body back into her womb.
She felt his balls smashing against the distended lips of her
cunt, and she crazily tried to open them, to pull him all inside.
  "I am fucking you, Mom, oh, MAMA!  I'M FUCKING YOUR CUNT!  It's
fantastic!  I love to fuck you.  OH MOM!  I LOVE IT!" Jerry
screamed.  He thrust furiously into the sucking maw of his
mother's twat, feeling his cock sink to the hilt in the swampy
marsh.  He was swimming in a sea of cunt.  He felt like he was
surrounded by it.  He could smell the odor from their clashing
sex orgasm mingle with the smell of their sweat and he loved it.
He loved the way her cunt gripped his penis, sending waves of
pleasure through his body.  He could feel it to the tips of his
toes.  His leg muscles twitched with the sensation.  He bent
forward and grabbed her tits in both hands, wrapping his fingers
around the creamy globe and squeezing roughly.
  Barbara rolled with each thrust.  His pecker was a hot rod of
iron, stoking the fire in her twat.  Sweat poured from her
thrashing body, making her skin meet his with a sucking noise.
The air was filled with the suckings and gurglings of sex.  Her
pussy plopped each time he thrust into her, emitting a squishing
noise.  The slap of their sweaty bodies and their mingled grunts
and groans of pleasure filled the air.  "Give it to me faster,
faster, harder," she muttered.  She pulled his head to hers and
their open mouths met in a passionate kiss, tongues mingling and
thrashing.  She sucked in his breath eagerly.  She felt like his
tongue was a prick in her mouth, stabbing away at the soft
insides in unison with his jabbing pecker.  She drank his saliva
avidly, swallowing, imagining it was jism from a spurting cock.
  Jerry increased his tempo ... his balls were bursting and he
knew he had to cum soon.  He pounded lustily into his mother.
"I'm gonna cum.  I'm gonna shoot my wad in your pussy, Mom!" he
warned.  "I'm gonna cum all in your hot cunt!"
  "Yes, darling, cum in your mother, let me have your sperm!"
Barbara screeched.  She was beside herself with lust.  All she
wanted to feel her son's hot semen bursting inside her aching
cunt.  She knew it would bring her off again.  She wanted to feel
it!  "Cum in me, fuck me, cum, cum," she chanted in rhythm to her
son's strokes.
  His pecker zipped in and out of her cunt with increasing speed.
His lithe young hips flailed tirelessly above her, driving the
shaft of his penis into her waiting cunt.  He could feel the
texture of her canal change as she rode the crest of her orgasm.
It tightened as she came, then felt loose and flabby, then
tightened in an endless cycle of lust.  "Here it comes!  OH GOD!
HOTSHIT!  FEEL IT, MOM ... FEEL ME CUMMING IN YOU ... I'M
CUMMING..."  With a loud cry Jerry fell onto Barbara's body, his
knees buckling as his orgasm ripped through him.  He felt like
his head was blowing up.  His guts twisted as his balls burst.
"I'M BLOWING MY NUTS!"  Rope after rope of semen gushed from the
head of his prick, inundating Barbara's womb with her son's
sperm.
  "Ooooh-h, yessss.  I FEEL YOUR CUM!  IT'S SO HOT!" Barbara
cried, bucking against son, swallowing his prick with her
spasming cunt, gripping tightly with her legs, imprisoning him in
her hot box.  He didn't seem to want to escape.  He lay against
her, his cock jerking weakly as the last bits of semen oozed from
the shrinking tube.  He raised his head and grinned at her.
  "Just lie still, honey," she said.  "Let your cock soak in my
twat.  I'm going to bring it to a stand again inside me.  Just
don't move, or it'll slip out!"  She bore down on his limp penis,
holding it firmly inside her with her cuntlips.
  "Okay, Mom," Jerry answered, lying against her, his head
pillowed on the soft cushions of her breasts.  He had never heard
of such a thing.  But she was his mom, and he'd do what she
asked.  She certainly seemed to know a lot about sex!  He thrust
down a pang of jealousy and lay quiescent on her breast, feeling
her twat muscles caress his tired prick.
  "Can you feel it, dear?" Barbara asked, concentrating.  She
tried to imagine his limp prick resting inside her and clenched
her muscles about it, thinking of her cunt as a stroking hand,
bringing him to erection.
  "yeah.  You're squeezing me down there with your cunt," Jerry
said excitedly.  He could feel her cunt gently kneading his
penis, and he thought he could feel a spark of life as it raised
its head in the dark cavern.
  "Don't move, son," Barbara cautioned.  "I read about this ...
how it's possible to fuck this way without even moving, just
using your muscles.  Hindus or somebody do it this way."  She
repressed a bump of excitement as she definitely felt Jerry's
pecker move inside her.  "I can feel you moving in me," she
confided.  "Your cock's swelling up ..."  She worked her cunt on
his prick, rippling the muscles up and down.  She could almost
see his prick in her mind - growing slowly inside her
canal!  Her cunt exuded moisture as the excitement of her success
got to her, and as she grew aroused, her muscle action grew
stronger, pulling silently at Jerry's hidden prick.
  "Oh, boy, I can really feel it now!" Jerry cried in excitement.
He hadn't thought it possible, but it was happening!  His soft
prick was hardening and lengthening inside his mother's cunt,
gaining new strength with each stroke of her talented pussy.
"It's getting hard.  I can feel my balls filling up again!  Wow!"
  "Yes, yes, I can feel it, too," responded his mother.  "It's
filling me up - getting big again.  Jerking around, oh, Jerry,
it's wonderful!"  She smiled mistily up at the face of her son.
This was a new experience for her, this slow filling of her womb!
She was suffused with love as her vagina filled with her son's
growing prick.  She had never felt so close to any of her lovers
before.  This was an incredibly fulfilling experience.  She
wondered if they could really fuck to orgasm this way - just
using their muscles.  She was determined to try.  "Don't move
your hips," she told her son as he started to move involuntarily.
  He looked at her in amazement.  He was hard again and ready to
fuck now.  That was the point wasn't it?
  "We'll just keep on like this - use our muscles and cum that
way," his mother told him.
  "Like the Hindus?" Jerry laughed, catching on.  "Okay, if you
want - it feels great right now, though I don't see how anything
could be better than plain old fucking!"  He forced his hips to
remain still and pressed more deeply into his mother.  Maybe,
maybe I can make it jerk around in there, he thought.  The idea
of muscle control was a new one to him, but he could see how it
would improve regular fucking if he could make his prick jerk at
will.  He carefully tightened his ass muscles and was gratified
to find his penis jerked in accord.  "Did you feel that, Mom?" he
cried.
  "Yes, dear, that's the way.  Now let's just quietly lie here
and do that to each other.  Let's try to move in rhythm," she
answered, giving a few quick jabs with her twat.  They lay
together, tightly clasped in each other's arms, letting their sex
organs mesh together in harmony.  As he jerked his prick inside
her, she rippled her cunt along his shaft.  She could feel him
filling her whole cavity now, his dick pushing against the
pulsing walls of her cunt.  As her pussy juices flowed, she felt
an unbearable urge to grind her hips beneath him, hastening her
orgasm, but she restrained herself, merely increasing the
pressure.
  For an inexperienced man, Jerry was doing a great job.  He
used his ass and pelvic muscles, causing his prick to bounce
inside his mother.  He could feel his balls lifting in their sac
and climbing up, hardening and tightening.  He wanted desperately
to rise up and fuck in and out as hard as he could.  His hips
quivered under the strain.  "Oh, Mom, I can't stand it!  I gotta
move!" he groaned.
  "Just a little more, son, try to relax," Barbara grated through
clenched teeth, trying to follow her own advice.  But it was too
late.  Jerry's hips suddenly shook and ground into her, pulling
and shoving with age-old motions of intercourse.  She sighed and
moved with him, letting herself be carried off, her orgasm
breaking over her in a whirl of feeling.  "That's okay.  Fuck me
harder now, son, give it to your mother," she called
encouragingly.
  Jerry pounded into her.  He had wanted to finish the other way,
but he couldn't.  He just couldn't stand it!  The tide of lust
swept over him, forcing his hips to plow into his mother's cunt
desperately.  "I'm gonna cum.  I waited so long, I can't help it.
Hold me, Mom.  I'm fucking you ..."
  Barbara held her son tight, her body churning under his, ready
to receive his second cum without withdrawing.  He had mad a
valient effort to do the muscle fuck, and she would reward him by
giving him a good cum!  She reached behind him, bypassing his
sweaty balls, and probed for his asshole - finding it, she
pressed through the opening and buried her finger in him.  As she
sank her digit into his buttery ass, she felt his prick spasm and
burst inside her, splattering her cunt walls with hot thick
sperm.
  "AAAGGGHHH!  FUCK!  I'M CUMMING!  HOLD ME, MOMMA!" Jerry
screamed.
  Mother and son convulsed in each other's arms, holding each
other for dear life, cunt and cock cumming in perfect unison.
Finally they fell apart, Jerry's cock slipping from Barbara's
cunt.
  "I tried, Mom," he said weakly, laughing a little.  "I guess
those Hindus practice a lot."
  "I guess they do," Barbara answered fondly, stroking her son's
head.
  "We'll have to practice, too," he said boldly, looking at her
from the corner of his eye.  "Whenever I'm home from school ..."
  Barbara accepted the inevitable.  "Yes, we'll practice," she
whispered.  She wasn't going to tell him again what a dreadful
sin this was.  She would bear the load of guilt herself.  She had
brought this incestuous affair on herself, and she alone would
pay the consequences, she resolved.  What was she going to do
while Jerry was away at school, she had no idea.  She didn't want
to go on as she had, seducing every young man she could get her hands
on.  She sighed, putting it from her mind.  Something would
happen and solve her problem.
  Jerry looked at his mother.  She was lying back, relaxed, her
breasts rising and falling with her deep breathing.  He ran his
hand over her tits lovingly.  They were soft now, their turgid
nipples slowly subsiding into the twin brown areolas.  She smiled
back at him as his hand caressed her sweat-slick flesh.
  "It was great, Mom, I never knew how wonderful it could be," he
admitted.  "I think I understand it now.  You just can't help
yourself, can you?  And I guess just one guy isn't enough for
you."  He looked at her longingly, wishing he alone could satisfy
her hunger, but knowing he couldn't.
  "No, I guess not," Barbara admitted.  It was a big admission
for her, and contrary to everything she had previously believed.
Everyday morality dictated that one man should be sufficient for
one woman, and, until the last few days, she had believed it.
But now she wasn't too sure that society was right.  Hadn't her
actions proved that she needed almost constant sex?  And what one
man could satisfy that?
  "I bet you could go again easy," Jerry continued.  "If you
want, well, would you like me to get Steve in here?  Maybe the
two of us could keep you happy, for a while at least."  He
frowned, wishing he didn't have to go back to school.
  Barbara's heart leaped.  She couldn't believe her son was
suggesting this solution.  "You wouldn't mind?" she breathed, her
body already tingling at the thought of taking on the two men.
Why, they can fuck me in the ass and cunt at the same time, she
thought.  She had wanted to try that since this afternoon, when
Skip and Buddy had used the bottle on her empty orifice.  Imagine
what two cocks could do.  She shuddered.
  "Well, I do mind in a way," Jerry admitted.  "But," he got a
mental picture of he and his friend plowing simultaneously into
his mother's trembling body, "anything for you.  I wouldn't be
jealous - I know you need it!"  He grinned at her, not admitting
even to himself that his prime motive was a selfish desire.
  "Oh, Jerry darling, I love you!  You're so understanding.  Go
get your friend," Barbara said excitedly.  "I'd love to have you
both.  Of course you'll always be first," she added comfortingly
as a shadow of doubt crossed her son's face.
  "Okay, Mom," Jerry said, jumping off the bed, stark naked.
"Just a second.  I'll get him!"  He walked out of the room.
  Barbara lay back on the bed, scarcely about to breathe for
excitement.  Both of them at once, doing what I want.  God! she
mused, her mind full of lascivious pictures.  She hugged herself
in anticipation, rocking back and forth on the bed.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                