Archive-name: Casual/barbie.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Barbi and Bobby


     Bobby was now glad for ONE important thing....  That he had always
thought that it was important that he always be in top physical shape..  After
all, not only was he soon to go into the service in a few months...but always
being conscious of how he looked had always been an important factor in the
way he felt.  There was also a third reason now why the 18 year old man
appreciated being in top shape.  For the past hour now, he had been riding his
bike either along with, or behind his most recent girlfriends.....Barbi.  And
in spite of his KNOWING that at any time he could easily outrace her, he was
constantly suprised and highly pleased when the 18-year old girl continually
proved that she could stay right up with him.  Like now, having ridden almost
a mile up a steep hill...following close behind her to protect her from
traffic....he was soon beginning to spend more and more time really 'noticing'
her for the first time.  At first she was merely hunched over the bike
handlebars, and as Bobby pulled up beside her...he had an unusual feeling deep
within his loins as he noticed how her costume fit her...  Consisting of a
tiny cut-off T-Shirt, of a semi transparent material....fluttering in the
breeze, from his position slightly behind her, Bobby gulped as he noticed that
he could stare into the deep gap under her shirt....and caught the soft curve
of her under breasts....amazed to see that in spite of her not too small size
breasts, that she needed NO artificial support..  From them back down her
hard, flat tummy, he saw that her stomach was extremely flat....almost like a
block of cement....where he could see the only crease in her body, at her
waist, almost hiding her tiny indented belly button...and then the slight
curve of her lower belly before it disappeared into the low cut hip band of
her jogging shorts.  Like the material of her shirt, it was semi-transparent,
and in fact at time he could see the bright sunlight through the thin
material...seeing parts of her body that really suprised him.  Now, the MOST
exotic feature of her totally overwhelmed Bobby, as the hot sun blazed down on
their heavily sweating bodies....  Even HIS flesh looked sexy, as the sun
gleamed off the muscles that were tensing and relaxing....as his arms and legs
worked that bike up the hill...  Yet it was NOTHING compared to the body of
Barbi.....and WHY?  Simple....because this wonderful young woman was in fact a
black woman....Not pure black, but her flesh was the color of dark
coffee...with just a twinge of cream....  And as each muscle of her body
tensed, strove to move that bicycle along the narrow country road, the bright,
burning sun gleamed off her flesh, highlighting it in such a manner that made
her look as if she were made of polished mahogany....  The special effect
caused by her body being completely coated with a sheen of perspiration made
her look like a Queen of the Nile....  Now Barbi was in fact, just a little
taller than her male companion....  Close to six foot tall... and extremely
slender...  Like many of her high school senior companions, she was into
athletic programs, and it certainly showed in her body.  While tall and
slender....her arms, long and lanky were still curved...as the long muscles
worked and flexed...gleaming like they were polished....  For the long minutes
Bobby rode beside her, he kept glancing over at those magnificant legs, unlike
any he had ever dreamed of in his life...  Long, extraordinary long, they
never-the-less showed a great deal of muscles, and as they pumped up and down,
like long, black locomotive pistons, he could hardly keep his eyes off those
strong inner thigh muscles that seemed to especially tease him, as he could
almost see the rivelets of perspiration sliding down them, and because of the
breeze blowing against her, he swore he could see the sweat flowing back into
the flapping gap of her leg openings.  Through that gap poor Bobby was shocked
to see as she lowered the leg nearest to him...and raised the other, he saw
the flash of pure white....and realized it was her tiny, almost totally
abbreviated panties, which because of the deep slit on each thigh, showed that
they consisted almost entirely of a simply narrow triangular piece of soft
cotton, and a stretchy band around her lower hip...  As they arrived at the
crest of the hill, he passed her, yelling for her to follow if she could, and
with that Bobby peddled like a mad man as he burst down the hill...along the
curving road..  Following quite easily behind him, young Barbi was also making
HER observations of her new boyfriend.  FIRST, she almost felt weak in her
knees as she could see that body of his....  And most unusual....Bobby was
white....well, he was well tanned...but never-the-less he was almost white..
His flesh no less wet than her's as a result of his perspiring.  But what
really effected her....was how handsome Bobby was...  It was simply the
combination of several things....  First his eyes.... long, narrow....almost
almond shape, like an Asian....they were the most beautiful she had ever seen
on a man.   His face was sooooo handsome, that in school, whenever she saw
him, she often found herself 'touching' herself in areas to make herself feel
sexy....  Sexy hell .... downright horny....often feeling herself getting wet
between her legs as she watched him and dreamed of making love with him.
While Bobby was indeed, several inches shorter than she was, that only made
him THAT more sexy to her...as she often dreamed of 'seducing' him...FORCING
him to do whatever she wanted.  Yet she realized that while he was a bit
shorter...NO boy in school looked more sexy than he did....  He was built like
a small 'Superman'...his muscles really something to look at...as she often
'peeked' at him in the gym....not able keep her eyes off that wonderful
chest...those strong breast muscles...where she could see his hard nipples..
He had a real narrow, flat stomach...a deep belly button...and a belly as hard
as a rock.  But what often REALLY turned her on, was when he wore those tight
gym shorts....and she could see the firm outline of his cock....often quite
small, but on occasions, she swore that as he wrestled with his buddies, she
could almost watch it increase as it got longer and harder....  probably
unknown to him....but not to her.  His legs also were long, but quite a bit
heavier than hers, and she would often deliberately pass by him as he sat on
the high bleachers listening to the coach, as she glanced up at him, her eyes
darting inbetween his widely open legs, until her eyes focused on that elastic
material of his jock strap....which seemed to be 'BURSTING' from the strain of
his HUGE scrotum...  Her tongue would slip out of her mouth....swirling around
her black lips as she felt some twinging deep in her lower belly...when she
realized just what his cock and balls REALLY looked like.  She could see the
swelling, and from peeking at her brothers, she well knew exactly what a cock
looked like, both when 'asleep and small, and even when it was at its peak,
and had often watched her brothers masturbating.....and used to joke with them
about that tube exploding, sending long strands of their come splashing all
over themselves.  And there was just something special about Bobby....and
especially this hot summer afternoon, she could hardly keep her eyes off that
thick bulge between his legs....as those beautiful legs pumped him down the
hill...  Even from behind him, she sighed as she watched how the bicycle seat
horn would push up...forcing his cock and balls to look even larger than they
really were....yet she could 'hardly wait' for what she had in mind later.
Within moments, they arrived at the foot of that long hill, and off to one
side Barbi saw the stream along the edge of the woods....and stopping the
bike, waited for Bobby to turn around and come back.  Facing her as he did, he
gasped as she stood there, still straddling her bike, the 'horn' of her seat
between her long, lanky legs....pressing the thin, half transparent material
of her extremely abbreviated shorts up against the curve of her pubic area....
which made it soooo tight that he could watch how the cloth was tugged
upwards, actually being pulled deep into that crevice....and it outlined the
perfect shape of her vulva....making it look as if she were naked, and the
white of her shorts was painted right on her flesh.  Barbi saw him gulp as he
saw that, and she grinned, and deliberately spread apart her legs slightly,
really teasing him more....and jokingly said why didn't they leave their bikes
and sit by the stream and cool off...  Bobby was for that, and quickly dropped
his bike, hoping that Barbi was not embarrased to see how his cock had now
swelled up to twice its normal size, not totally hard quite yet, but soon
getting there, as he followed her across the field, and into the woods.  Once
there, she yanked off her sneakers, socks, and sat on a flat rock, dipping her
feet into the cool water.  As she moved her leg back and forth, again Bobby
could watch how her short-shorts tugged deep into her pussy.....and he grinned
wondering if she would mind if HE teased HER, and with that he also sat down
on the rock, and soaked his feet, but in such a way that the gap of his shorts
opened wide,  and she could look well up into them, this time not only seeing
his huge balls, but also the long, thick tube of his hardening cock...  "Ohhh,
Bobby....you're doing something nice to me....", she sighed.  She leaned
closer to him, her small, but long fingered black hand touched his bare leg
and slid up under his shorts...up to his jock-strap, and she fumbled for only
a minute as she tugged it aside, allowing those swollen balls to slip
out.....and immediately she reached in and feeling that thick shaft she tugged
a moment, and with a groan Bobby slipped back onto his elbows, opening his
legs as far apart as he could, and she gasped as she saw that 'snake' slip out
of his shorts....and for a short moment lay silently in her hand.  Then as it
were alive, that cock jerked as she clenched her hot fingers around it.....and
slowly she moved her hand down, forcing his soft skin to expose that snake
like cock head.....and squeezing until his cock shone like polished white
marble.  Then she leaned over on one elbow....and looking up at Bobby's face,
she smiled as she saw the wonderful expression on his....his exotic eyes
actually MAKING her hot....and in a moment she ducked her head....opening her
mouth as wide as she could.....taking that almost hard cock between her soft,
wet, black lips....and applying suction until Bobby's hips jerked as he felt
the head of his dick banging against the back of her throat as she could not
take any more in her mouth....and he felt her nose buried deep in his soft,
dark muff of pubic hair.  Slowly and gently, Barbi began to move her head, her
lips forming a tight seal around his cock, as she sucked and sucked, her
tongue swirling around and around the tip of that shaft until poor Bobby cried
as he felt he was almost ready to explode....his cock NOW as hard as stainless
steel...  Raising his head, he looked at this exotic negro....looking sooooo
sexy there, half laying on her side, one leg raised well into the air,
spreading apart her legs, so that Bobby could see the deep gap of her
short-shorts....and again, that narrow piece of the crotch of her
underpanties....  And right before his eyes, when she knew he was watching,
she reached down with her free hand, and grabbing that thin material, she
yanked on it....and tore the crotch out of her panties....the material
snapping away from her pussy.....and with a groan, she heard Bobby cry with
delight as he saw a pussy for the FIRST time.....and a very extra special
pussy.....and a black one at that....  Her body, still gleaming from her
perspiration was like polished black slate, and leaving Bobby only
momentarily, she sat up and shrugged out of her tiny T shirt, leaned backward,
lifting her sexy hips and hooking her thumbs into the elastic of her shorts,
shoved them down past her knees and kicked them away from her.  Poor Bobby
felt the most unusual surge of hot feeling deep in his loins, and he felt his
cock strengthen, and become super long as a result of what he now saw.
Barbi's body was now completely naked before him. and for the first time in
his life he was really looking at one of the greatest works of art.  She wore
her hair fairly short, and it gave her face a very innocent look, her eyes
were large, the pupils a jet black that when they glinted made him think of
some of the sexy things she used to tell him over the phone...  She had a
small, wide nose, and while her lips were like many people of her race, very
thick, they were also very very long, and were gleaming as he watched her
tongue dip out from between her lips and cover them with a sheen of saliva as
she looked down at that now throbbing cock of his.  While she was quite tall,
Bobby saw that her breasts, while quite well formed, were so firm, that the
flesh covering them looked as if it were stretched to the tearing point,
shining like the finish on a freshly waxed black car.  But what he really
noticed about those breasts were those magnificant nipples of Barbi's.  Large,
very large, they were sticking out like large pencil erasers, sticking almost
straight up in the air....and as she again leaned towards her lover, Bobby saw
that those firm tits hardly moved, staying tight to her body.  He marveled at
her tiny, almost nonexistant waist, which he swore he could put both his hands
around...and just below that he saw her tiny 'innie' belly button, and he felt
himself almost drooling as he wanted to kiss that button, and tease her with
that tongue of his.  Her stomach was almost as hard and flat as his...and as
she moved Bobby could see the many muscles of her lower belly flexing and
contracting....looking so sexy that he felt the sudden warm wettness as large
droplets of his pre-come began to ooz from the tip of his rock hard cock,
dripping down to his inner thighs.  But THERE it was...his very first look at
the most exotic pussy he knew he would ever see.  In spite of her unusual
degree of physical development, she had very very little pubic hair, and Bobby
wanted to dive his face deep into that soft kinky hair matt....and feel it
against his lips, yet when he saw IT.....he realized that there was MUCH more
that he had to do first.  With her legs still spread apart, he saw the deep
curve that showed him how her young labia, those THICK pussy lips gently
curved down between her legs, into the black shadow of her pussy...  As the
bright sunlight filtered through the leaves, it made her pussy almost 'dance'
for him..  He watched as the long, strong muscles of her loins 'jerking' and
convulsing as she longed to really be in a sexual session with Bobby.
Stretched out as she was, it was quite simple for Bobby to look well up
between her crotch, and he could see the area that would soon be demanding the
feeling of his cock....  As she shifted her hips slightly Bobby almost 'came'
instantly, her legs widening even MORE, and for a brief moment he actually
'wink open' and he caught a glimpse of that 'love channel'....and was shocked
to see how wet it was...literary dripping...as she became so suddenly aroused,
as her body prepared itself for a fantastic love session....  As she moved
slightly he watched each of those fat pussy lips slide past each other as they
massaged themselves, and KNEW that he was not going to be able to 'last' very
long the first time with Barbi because she was just too beautiful, too sexy,
and he was afraid that he might 'come' the instant his cock buried itself in
her body...  But unknown to him, Barbi had a LOT of very special ideas in her
head, and was only hesitating now, as she tried to figure out which one she
wanted to be the very first.  Quickly Bobby jumped to his feet, yanking off
his own T shirt, pulling on his shorts and for a moment stood there wearing
only his bikini underwear.  And as a result of Barbi's exploring, he looked
down and stared at that cock, that had been pulled out from the leg
opening...standing straight up into the air, throbbing, turning a darker and
darker pink every moment.  While at the same time he watched that large hole
in the tip actually 'winking'....and slowly large drops of his male sperm were
oozing from the tip, dripping down the underside of it...until it dropped off
his balls, and onto the rock he was standing on.  Barbi looked up at her
handsome boyfriend, and knew instantly that she had picked the best looking
boy possible.  From her position leaning on one elbow, at his feet, she could
look almost straight up, staring at the jerking cock, as it grew and swelled
with every second....  He was sooooo handsome, and just the way his eyes
looked down at her, she instantly felt like he was ALREADY raping her, just
staring down at her, focusing on her loins, and then her breasts, returning
again to looking at her pussy as she learned to tease him...opening her legs
wider, and pretending she was bicycling, as she caused her now soaked pussy
lips to see-saw against each other.  She looked up at that beautiful chest,
looking at how the magnificant, strong muscles bulged, and she could already
imagine what it would soon feel like with him laying stretched out on top of
her, rubbing HIS nipples against her until she felt that his could actually
burn their way into her coal black flesh.  His waist, like hers, was unusually
small, and she was really excited as how his lean, narrow hips formed, and his
flat hard stomach, the result of years of hard exercise looked sooooo sexy.
It was when she looked over and saw that muff of pubic hair that surrounded
the HUGE base of his cock that she realized that in spite of his age, 18, that
he had so little body hair, and it brought a sexy gasp to her lips...as she
marveled how extra specially sexy he looked....his tanned skin still gleaming
in the sun.  Her eyes swept down to his legs, and THAT was almost too much for
her, as she sighed, and her hand slipped between her legs, her jet black
fingers prying her wet lips apart, and her fingers began to tease and massage
her clit...as she slowly appreciated the look of his sexy legs.  They were
quite long in proportion to his body....but as a result of his heavy
exercising, they were the legs of a future bodybuilder, perfectly muscled, and
while he stood there, she could see the hundreds of muscles rippling under his
golden flesh, shining in the sun, especially those strong inner thigh muscles
that were actually pressing against that huge scrotum sack.  Instantly she
felt a shudder deep in her pussy, and she was afraid that she was going to
come almost instantly....as she felt her pussy shudder and quiver as she
imagined being held close to him, surrounded by those legs, as he literally
RAPED her time and time again, so she could feel those muscles crushing him to
her, like a tremendous python, crushing the life from her, forcing that cock
soooo deep into her body that it filled her completely as she became one HUGE
recepticle - one huge pussy.  As these imaginary thoughts flowed through her
head, at the same time she felt her pussy convulse, and larger and larger
quanties of her pre-come began oozing from her pried open pussy lips, running
down the deep crack of her ass and ending up as small droplets of clear juices
on the rock under her buttocks.  Quickly she 'cancelled' many of the ways she
had been thinking of making love to Bobby, as she felt herself on the verge of
her own orgasm, knowing that she simply could NOT LAST long....so immediately
she crawled up to her knees, and facing her golden lover, she reached up for
that throbbing cock of his, and taking it in her hands, guided it to her
saliva covered lips, opening them again as she felt that shaft slip back into
her mouth....this time bending her neck slightly as she felt that wedge-shaped
cockhead slip passed her throat and entered her neck area.  She then began
humming a soft melody, feeling her vocal cords massaging his cock like an
electric vibrator.....and she felt Bobby's hands reach for the back of her
head, as he braced his feet slightly apart, and shoved his hips forward,
almost crying out loud with happiness as he felt her hot, wet mouth massaging
every inch of that cock.

--
