               Chapter Two - Freewheeling Barbara Toys With Boys

  The morning practice ride with Annette had been uneventful.  No, it had been
boring.  They only did six miles, because Annette's husband had to leave
early, some meeting or something.

  Barbara did not listen as Annette had given her the details.  They had
passed numerous youths on their way to school as they peddled along.  She
thought many things to herself, but said nothing to Annette.  Once at home,
she slipped into her swim suit and jumped into the pool.  That seemed to
cleanse her of the lewd thoughts that had controlled her mind during their
entire ride.

  Barbara Anderson squirmed langorously in the hot afternoon sun as she tried
to decide whether a dip in the pool or a cool drink would be more refreshing.
She was lying in her back yard, letting the sun's rays bake her as she weighed
the pros and cons of this decision.  Her normally quick mind felt sluggish in
the heat, and she finally decided it would be too much effort to do either.

  "If it only weren't so damn hot," she mused.  Really, this time of the year
it was too hot to do anything except lie around.  She sighed and turned on her
back, wincing as the glare hit her eyes, feeling the warmth of the sun as an
almost physical presence.  Barbara ran her hands down her body, flicking the
sweat away in large droplets, testing to see if she were sufficiently greased
with suntan lotion.  She decided she could use some more, and rolled over to
get the bottle, pouring some in her hand and beginning to massage it into her
body in quick strokes.

  She was clothed in a very brief bikini, one which she hadn't dared to wear
to the beach - a mere two scraps of cloth around her generous breasts and
hips, scarcely containing their bounty.  She ran her oiled hand across the
tops of her exposed breasts and shoulders, down the sleek curve of her belly
and over her firm-fleshed thighs.  The touch of her own hand made her sigh
again, luxuriously, and she wished she could strip off the two tiny pieces of
cloth and offer herself nude to the sun, like some pagan goddess.  She laughed
at the thought, wondering what her staid ex-husband or her present boyfriend
would think if they came upon her naked in the back yard.

  "Of course, it is very private," she mused, playing with the thought and
then rejecting it as too dangerous.  "Still, I could lower my straps."  So
thinking, she untied the suit at her neck and removed the straps, baring her
chest to the sun, her breasts swelling upward, only the nipples covered.  She
ran her hand over her body again, admiringly, shivering at the sensations her
lazy hand evoked.  She squinted around the yard.  It was as if she were
completely alone in the world - the heat shimmered in the air, and no sound
broke the stillness of the afternoon.  She smiled to herself as her hand
continued its journey over her body, spreading the oil in a thin film and
massaging it deeply into her skin.  She lay back and relaxed, emptying her
mind of all but the sensations of her body.  Her hand moved with a will of its
own now, caressing her breasts lightly, rubbing her belly in rounded circles,
touching her hips briefly in passing.  One finger slipped under the tiny bit
of cloth circling her hips and teasingly touched her pubic hair.  Barbara
gasped at the contact, but did not stop, only arching her hips slightly to
give her hand freer rein.  She masturbated quite frequently, trying to satisfy
the urges of her healthy body, and had found that she could please herself far
better than her ex-husband ever had.

  Or anyone else, Barbara mused, her mind jumping away from the thought of her
spouse and dwelling briefly on her present lover, who had not so far gotten up
the nerve to do more than kiss her good night.  Except one, her thoughts
strayed unwillingly to the one perfect sexual encounter in her life, an
experience that had left her weak and shaking with release.  She tried to stop
thinking about him, but the feelings evoked by her hand were too strong and
her mind stayed stubbornly fixed on the image of her one-time lover.

  Tanned, youthful, magnificent young Jim.  Oh, why haven't you at least
phoned me, Jim?  Am I just an old prune that you found interesting for one
lonely night?  Is that all I meant to you?  So you have your college coeds,
you told me about them, remember?  But don't you see?  I love you, that's the
difference.  Those young girls can't be to you what I can be to you!  Remember
what you said, cuddled in my arms?  That you really didn't know what you would
do after you graduated?  I can help you, Jim.  Help you do anything you want.

  Anything you want.  Oh, don't you remember what you wanted to do to me that
day?  And did.  I can never forget it.

  She remembered how his strong body pumped in even strokes to enter her
roughly, making her writhe and heave under him as she soared to the pinnacles
of desire.

  Remembering, her finger slipped inside her bikini and dug at her pubes.  She
moaned and opened her legs, letting the finger slide into her moist canal.
Oblivious to anything but her own recollections of lust and present need, she
fingered herself brutally, hoping to giver herself the release she needed.
Her finger slipped easily into her cunt, sliding back and forth, around and
around, sending twinges of pleasure through her nerves.  Barbara closed her
eyes against the sun, feeling it press against her.  It was almost like being
fucked by the sun, she thought in a daze, as her body responded to her finger
and her hips began to buck up and down in the movements of intercourse.  Her
lover's face swam before her eyes, behind closed eyelids.  She could see his
youthful face, contorted with lust, as he had plunged into her body, giving
her joy that she hadn't known possible.  She had left the next morning and had
never seen him again.  Barbara Anderson mourned her lost lover as she
masturbated frantically in her back yard, her body quaking with remembered
lust.  She could feel her orgasm coiling in the pit of her stomach, ready to
explode and flood her.  She gritted her teeth and slid another finger into her
bikini, searching for the extended nub of her clitoris.  As she touched it,
her body shivered and her cunt poured forth a quantity of pussy juices,
drenching her fucking hand.

  "Oh ... fuck ... fuck me, Jim ... oh ... God!  Fuck meee ..." She strummed
her clitoris with her finger.  Waves of heat engulfed her as her hand sank
deeper into her cunt, probing the walls, scraping her insides and making her
shudder with orgasm.  She bucked against his hand, imagining it to be her
young lover's prick, wishing with all her heart that it was.  She needed a man
inside her, a real man, not a drunken lout like her husband.  She groaned in
dismay, feeling her orgasm subside and dissipate leaving her strangely empty
inside.  She had cum, the physical motions had all been there, but something
was missing.

  I need a man, she thought to herself, lying in her back yard, her legs
spread, her fingers still inserted in her cunt.  She was exhausted, drained.
With a great effort, she opened her eyes and squinted around, wondering
dazedly what time it was.  Her eyes passed over the husky young man standing
in the doorway, then returned.  She stared at him a minute in complete horror,
a cold snake of fear hitting her vitals at the discovery.  She wondered
feverishly who he was.  For a minute, she thought it was Jim, but it couldn't
be, and he was staring at her so oddly.

  God! she thought, he saw me jerking off, stood right there and watched.
Suddenly realizing that her hand was still inside her pants, she jerked it out
as if it burned her and hid it behind her, childishly.

  "Who ... what are you doing here?  Who are you?" she managed to croak,
wishing she could hide.  It was bad enough to jerk off in your own yard
remembering the past without people coming in to stare at you!

  She looked at the man, trying to arrange her features in a mask of severity
as she demanded for him to explain his presence.  She drew herself up and
tried to regain her dignity.  Then she noticed that he wasn't paying any
attention to what she was saying, he was just staring at her, a peculiar light
in his eyes.  Her mind flew back, he was looking at her in the exact same way
her lover at the motel had, his eyes glued to her body.  He started toward her.

  "Hey!  What are you doing?" she called out.  She looked at the man in alarm,
comparing him inadvertently to her other lover.  They were both about the same
age, but this one was larger, huskier, with broad shoulders that were bronzed
from the sun.  He had longish blond hair that curled around his face and blue
eyes that were probably intelligent when not glazed with lust.  For that was
what gave them their strange sheen, there was no mistaking it.

  Barbara drew back as the man approached, feeling a stab of excitement
despite her fear.  "I'll scream if you don't leave," she promised.  The man
didn't seem to notice.  He walked over to her and stared down at her, his body
casting a shadow over her.  She squinted at him, trying to see his face
against the sun.  "What do you want?" she managed to croak, her hand going to
her throat.  God, she thought.  I'm all alone.  He'll probably rape me.  She
shifted her weight, trying to ignore the pang of lust that coursed through her
at the lewd thought.  One part of her urged her to let him, to open her thighs
to this stranger, welcoming him to her recesses.

  It'll be the last time ... I need it so bad ... no one will ever know.  No,
it's evil, perverted.  He's too young for me - once was enough, her thoughts
ran around and around.  "Please," she murmured, looking up at him.  He reached
out his hand in answer and ran it over her breasts.  "No, don't," she
breathed.  The man looked at her blankly and dropped his hand lower, gliding
over her oily belly and resting on her raised pubic mound.  Through a haze of
confusion, Barbara felt his fingers squeeze her, tentatively at first, then
strongly.

  "Please, don't! I'll give you money.  Please leave me alone," she groaned,
her body beginning to melt at his touch.  So strong... if only I could... God
it would be good to be fucked... she thought crazily.  "No..." she murmured,
willing herself to move, to jump up and run.  But her body refused to move,
she felt like she was weighed down by a huge hand, forcing her to remain
motionless as the strange man caressed her.  She looked at his crotch, which
was even with her eyes, and shivered as she saw the bulge of his penis.  She
felt a wild urge to see his prick, to tear his pants off and feast her eyes on
him.  She rolled her head aside, moaning weakly, knowing that her body was
betraying her.  The man glanced at her face momentarily and smiled, then
plunged his finger into her pants.  She groaned, her resistance weakening as
the man's finger slid into her pussy.  It was still wet from her self-induced
orgasm, and his digit slipped in easily.  "No," she said again, but the man
only grinned at her and sank his finger in deeper.  She knew her protests
sounded silly against the evidence of her sopping crotch, which so eagerly
sucked in his finger.

  "Who ... who are you?" she gasped, her body beginning to move his finger.

  "Skip.  I've seen you around a lot," the man muttered.  He was staring at
his hand, now immersed in her cunt.  He could catch a glimpse of his finger
sliding in and out of her cuntlips, and he wanted to see more.  He pulled her
pants down with his other hand and watched his fingers in fascination,
wondering how her cunt could take it so easily, wondering how his cock would
feel in there.  He swallowed.  He had been delivering a package, and when
there was no answer, had walked through the unlocked door.  He had thought he
heard a voice in the back, and had followed the sound, and had seen this
beautiful woman jacking off in the open yard.  After that, things were a blur.
His body had taken over, and here he was, one hand deep in her cunt.  And she
was enjoying it, he had had just enough girls to know that!  Her cunt was
sopping wet and was grasping at his finger like a clutching hand, her face was
flushed, and her breasts were heaving with her ragged breathing.  He gently
pulled down the top of her suit and exposed her tits, never ceasing his
fingering of her pussy.  He caught his breath as he saw her breasts, they were
big and sweetly formed, rising to a point tipped with coral nipples that were
erected in lust.  He dropped to one knee and lowered his head to her breasts,
sucking her tit into his mouth, running his tongue over the raised nipple,
rolling it between his teeth.

  "Oh," Barbara gasped as the sensation of a wet mouth on her tit engulfed
her.  "Suck it ..."

  Skip complied.  He pressed her breasts together, bobbing his head from one
to the other, laving both her nipples with his tongue.  His hand dug deeper
into her crotch, her juices making entrance even easier.

  Barbara wanted to see him.  She wanted to see his cock.  She had to!  She
reached out and unzipped his jeans, freeing his erection.  She gasped at the
size of it.  She circled it with her hand lovingly, staring at it, looking at
his pulsing shaft topped with a rosy head.  Blood pulsed through the distended
veins, making it jump in her hand.  She stroked it cautiously, running her
fingers up and down the shaft, delicately under the sensitive head, hearing
the man groan as she excited him.  "Take off your pants," she said hoarsely,
scarcely recognizing her own voice.  Gone were all scruples - she was an
animal now, wanting only to give her body to the male, wanting him inside her.
"Fuck me," she commanded.  "Please ... oh please fuck me!"

  Skip hurriedly shed his pants.  He didn't want her to change her mind, he
thought looking at the lush body before him.  This was like a dream, a
wonderful dream.  He couldn't quite believe that he was going to fuck her, but
he certainly wasn't going to stop!  Not now, not with his dick hard as an iron
bar, jerking with the need to bury itself in warm cunt.

  "Sure, lady, I'll fuck you blind!" he promised, kneeling between her
widespread legs.  He pulled her pants completely off and stared at her cunt.
The lips were red and swollen, and, as she spread her legs even wider, he
could see the entrance to her pink-lined canal.  The hole was pulsing
slightly.  "God," he whispered.  He sank his finger into her again, then
pulled it out.

  "Fuck me!  Your cock!  Put it in!  Stick me!" moaned Barbara, aching with
the need to be filled.  She pushed her hips against his finger, grinding them
in a circular motion, drawing his finger in up to the knuckle.  "Put it in!
Fuck me!" she said fiercely.

  Skip poised his cock at the entrance to her womb, rubbing his cockhead over
her slit, teasingly.  She moaned as the head hit her clit, sending waves of
pleasure through her.

  "Now!  Fuck me now!" she cried in anguish, her whole body tensed with
desire.  If he doesn't put it in soon, I'll die! she thought, her hips rising,
trying to force him to enter her.

  Skip grinned and lowered himself carefully, the head of his cock sliding
between her hot, wet cuntlips, probing for her canal.  He thrust forward and
slid into her completely, filling her, his balls squishing against her ass.

  "Ohhhhh..." groaned Barbara.  She could feel his prick opening her insides,
pushing aside her quivering membranes, feeling like a red hot poker as it
burned its way into her snatch.  "It's sooo bigggg... I can feel it in my
stomach!  Oh, baby... fuck me," she moaned, twisting lewdly beneath him,
seeking to draw him even farther into her cunt.

  Skip smiled down into the flushed face of the older woman, then covered her
mouth with his, sucking her tongue into the warm cavity.  As she groaned and
writhed beneath him, he pounded steadily into her, twisting his hips on each
stroke to hit the walls of her cunt.  She was sucking back on his tongue now,
frantically gurgling into his mouth.  He dropped his head suddenly and
captured one of her tits, fastening his lips on the nipples and sucking.

  Barbara shivered violently as the man's tongue touched her tit.  It hardened
and thrust into his mouth like a tiny penis, begging to be sucked.  Fire shot
through her veins and she bucked up against the boy.  "More!  Harder!" she
cried, wrapping her long legs around him and straining against him.  "Deeper,
fuck me deeper!"

  Skip thought he was about as deep as he could go, he felt like he was in a
bottomless burning pit.  His balls slapped against her ass with each stroke.
He loved the way she was using her cunt, muscles clamped on his cock like tiny
fingers, milking him, making him want to shoot his load.  But he held back,
gaining even more pleasure the longer he waited, watching her flop beneath
him, hearing her hoarse voice exhort him to more. He felt wildly triumphant,
he had conquered this beautiful woman without a word, with only his cock!  He
could feel her hot juices bathing his plunging dick, showing plainly her
answering lust.

  "Beautiful," he muttered against her breast.  "Beautiful, lady."

  Barbara's hips ground even more furiously, rising and falling with his
strokes, twisting and churning against him.  With each stroke she gasped in
delight, feeling her body bounce with the force.  Sweat poured from her as
thrill after thrill coursed through her.  She felt faint with the force of her
lust, and spots of light danced behind her closed eyelids.  She was riding the
crest of her orgasm, every jab of his cock bringing her nearer to full-
fillment.  She raised her hips and presented her pussy to him, offering
herself to his plunging dick.  She was swimming in a sea of lubrication, pussy
juice flowing from her recesses and turning her cunt into a river of lust.
There was a little pain with each stroke of his large penis, but this served
to heighten her pleasure.  She wanted to be pounded into the patio floor,
smashed under his body.

  "Give it to me, fuck me!  Oh... God, I can... fuck me with your hot dick,"
she babbled.  "Oh, uh, please... harder..." She never wanted it to end.  She
wanted to fuck forever, coming under his pounding prick.  She felt the wave of
orgasm break around her, drawing her with it until her body felt like it was
in a whirlpool.  Her hips shook, her pussy gushed again and again, her whole
body trembled in the wind of lust.

  Feeling her body shake beneath his, feeling her cunt grab his cock and
squeeze it in convulsive tremors, he cried, "I'm gonna cum, too.  I'm gonna
CUM!"  He raised slightly and began pumping in and out jerkily, his sperm
boiling in his balls.  He felt the violent urge to cum, to let his balls burst
forth their sticky fluid to run through his cock and spurt into her waiting
vagina.  In and out he pounded frantically into her, feeling her legs squeeze
him, holding him firmly in place.  "I'm gonna cum - uh - uh - uh - fuck me
lady!  Here it comes, feel it!  FEEL IT!"  He yelled as he felt his semen gush
from the buried head of his prick, spurting out in thick gobs, rope after rope
of jism splattering the walls of her cunt.

  Barbara felt his cock swell and spurt in her hole as the last spasms of her
own orgasm hit her, her cunt drenching his prick in juices.

  "More," she whispered, grinding against him, forcing herself over the edge
into another cum.  As his semen splattered into her wet canal, she convulsed
again, her mind blacking out as she fell over into the throes of her orgasm,
letting herself be carried away on the wings of lust.  "I love it, I'm cumming
again, cum in me, give me your cum!" she mumbled, pulling him against her, her
hips still twitching under his.  He fell against her, panting with exertion,
his penis buried deep in her still jerking weakly as it spurted the last big
drop of jism.

  "Wow!  What a fuck," he muttered, feeling the frantic need leave his body as
his prick softened inside her.

  Barbara lay still, clasping the boy to her.  She could still feel his cock
inside her, soaking in her.  She didn't want to move.  She wanted to lie here
forever, the glow of being well fucked pervading her body, the boy's prick
still in her.  She sighed gently as reality invaded her mind, she looked
around and gasped.  Here she was, in the back yard in broad daylight, stark
naked, clasping an equally naked body in her arms.  Anybody could see her,
could come in like he had!

  "Oh!" she cried sharply.  "Get up!  Get off me!"  She squirmed under him,
trying to push his heavy body from her.

  "Hey, what's wrong?" the man asked, holding her down and looking at her.
"What's the matter?"

  "You've got to go!  Hurry up!  Now,"  Barbara said frantically.

  "Why?  You sure didn't want me to leave a minute ago!"  Skip lowered his
head and licked lazily at her sweat-covered breasts, making her gasp and move
against him.

  No, Barbara thought.  It isn't possible.  Stop it!  Her body still wanted
more!  She pushed at the boy again.  "Go away, please, somebody might come and
see us," she pleaded.

  "Expecting anybody?" Skip asked, his head gliding lower.

  "No, but, please don't!  This is all wrong!" Barbara moaned.  She didn't
know what to do.  Her body, so long deprived of sex, was responding again to
his touch.

  "What the hell?  Don't worry about it.  No one's gonna come in, and we're
just getting started!  I'm still hot for you, lady, and I betcha you are, too.
Just lie back and enjoy it!"

  Barbara relaxed.  There was nothing else to do.  She was too weak with
longing to move except feebly, and all her instincts were to draw the man to
her, not push him away!  She sighed languorously as his tongue licked her
belly in swirling circles, and a hot flutter of desire made her legs open in
anticipation.  He was going to lick her, he was going to lick her cunt!
Barbara moaned in lust as his raspy tongue dipped lower.  She had only had her
cunt eaten once or twice, and only after begging her husband.  And this boy
was going to do it now.  He didn't need any urging.  In fact, he was forcing
her to lie still so that he could administer the tongue lashing!  He paused
between her widespread legs and she could feel his cool breath on the hot lips
of her cunt.

  "Don't stop!  Please, don't stop," she moaned, raising her hips so that the
mound of her pussy came up to his face, trying to urge him to hurry.

  "Oh, I won't," promised Skip, gently opening the lips with his fingers and
letting his breath play over her.  "This is gonna be great, eating... I won't
stop!"  He held her twat open wide, staring into the red-lined interior,
watching the tiny entrance to her vagina open and close.  "Wow!" he said.  He
had never seen a cunt like this one, so fully developed.  The pussies of his
young girl friends were just slick little pink slits, nothing like this!  He
feasted his eyes on the luxuriant growth of pubic hair, curling in reddish
swirls over her snatch and down between her legs, almost concealing the fat
lips of her cunt, which were dark red with lust.  As he watched, the whole
cunt moved and a drop of moisture oozed from the pulsing hole.  He dropped his
head and covered the whole vulva with his mouth, sucking in like a vacuum
cleaner, trying to draw out more the fluid.

  "Oh God!" Barbara muttered through clenched teeth.  The waiting had been
almost unendurable, she had thought he would never start.  "Suck it.  Stick
your tongue in, honey," she sobbed, feeling the familiar darts of lust tear at
her vitals.  "I need it, stick your tongue in there.  I want it!"

  Skip was in no real hurry.  He was thoroughly enjoying this.  His cock began
to throb and lengthen against his leg as he tasted the pungent juices.  He
felt a great surge of power as he excited this older woman with his tongue,
making her beg for it.  He wanted her screaming and moaning under his mouth,
then he would give his throbbing cock some release.  He was going to shove it
in her throat and make her suck him, too!  He groaned at the thought of
sliding into her wet mouth and redoubled his efforts at her crotch.  He nipped
gently with his teeth at the engorged nub of her clitoris and ran his tongue
up and down the length of her slit.

  Barbara squealed as his tongue hit her clit, sending waves of pleasure
through her.  She bucked her hips against his face, trying to engulf his whole
mouth, trying to force his tongue into her.  She could hardly believe the
feelings that shot through her.  She was on fire, her whole body churning and
quaking with lust.

  "Eat me, harder, stick it in there!" she moaned, her head thrashing from
side to side, her hips undulating under his face.  She smashed her pussy into
his mouth, her juices filling his mouth and running down his chin.  He slurped
and gulped noisily, draining her dry as fast as she could secrete.  He reached
up with both hands and grasped her tits, squeezing the mounds of flesh between
his fingers, rolling the nipples between his thumb and forefinger.  At the
touch, Barbara shook all over, threads of fire radiating from her nipples
throughout her body.

  "I'm going crazy.  I can't stand it.  Eat me, honey, stick your tongue in
there, make me cum!"  Barbara screamed, no longer caring if anyone could hear
or not.  Her whole being was concentrated in the patch between her legs.  Her
vagina was a hungry demanding hole, aching for release.  Suddenly she felt a
wild urge to take him in her mouth, to suck him as he was sucking her, to feel
his hard dick filling her throat.  "Cock, gimme cock," she mumbled. "Stick it
in my mouth, I want your hot dick in my mouth!"

  Skip grinned as the lewd words burst from the woman's mouth.  He had her
now.  She would do anything he asked, anything at all to keep his tongue in
her hot box, whipping her to orgasm.  "Sure, lady," he mumbled through a
mouthful of cunt.  "Anything you say."  He swung his body lithely on top of
her, positioning his rampant cock over her mouth.  "Go to it, gimme some
head," he commanded, lifting his mouth for a minute, then plunging again into
the swampy marsh of her pussy.

  Barbara eagerly grasped the shaft of the pulsing cock, bringing it to her
mouth.  She stuck out her tongue and ran it over the head, collecting the drop
of pre-cum that oozed from the slit, then sliding it under the lip of the cap,
hitting the most sensitive nerves.  She felt his legs tremble as she licked
the sensitive head, swirling her tongue around and around, and smiled to
herself.  The feel of his dick in her mouth intensified her pleasure.  She
could feel his mouth gnawing at her cunt with even more intensity.  She was
being filled at both ends, fucked in the mouth and cunt, and her body quivered
with pre-orgasmic shivers.  As she let the head of his penis slip between her
lips, she felt his tongue finally enter her vaginal canal.  It lashed at the
walls, boring into her like a drill, opening her insides, licking up every
drop of fluid.  She fucked her hips against it.  She wished she had a thousand
openings, and they were all filled with cock or tongue!

  She sucked in more of his dick, relaxing her throat muscles to let him probe
more deeply.  As her lips inched greedily on his shaft, swallowing more and
more of the turgid length.  Skip tried to hold back.  He tried not shove
forward.  He wanted her to take it in herself, but finally it was too much,
and, with a strangled cry, he buried himself to the hilt in her throat.

  Barbara gagged as his cock hit the tender muscles of her throat, then
relaxed and sucked greedily on the stick.  She was in a dream of lust now, her
body pinioned beneath his, her secret places invaded by his lashing tongue.

  As his penis slid in and out of her throat, she reached up and caught his
balls in her hands, squeezing gently, rubbing the base of his root with her
thumb.  She could feel the cum in his balls, making them hard as marbles
inside their wrinkled sac.  She held them gently, stirring them.  Her slobber
wet his cock and ran over her chin and down her neck.  She swallowed and
gulped, trying not to choke as his cock battered into her throat.  She could
feel orgasm bubbling in her.  She rubbed her cunt into his face, mutely urging
him to suck harder, to bring her cum.

  Skip did.  His face was buried in her cunt.  He could hardly breathe through
the overwhelming odor of excited pussy, and he loved it!  He loved the way her
cunt grabbed at his tongue, trying to pull it in deeper.  He loved the smell,
the taste of pussy cum, and he sucked even harder, drawing it all in his
mouth.  His teeth clamped on her clitoris and he began strumming the excited
organ with his tongue, clasping it firmly when it tried to retreat into its
sheath.  Barbara churned against him.

  He slipped one hand under her bucking ass and searched for her asshole.  She
tensed as she realized what he was going to do, then relaxed as feeling swept
her.  She didn't care, she had never had her asshole violated, but she didn't
care!  She wanted his finger in there!  She took a deep breath around his
penis and began probing for his asshole, too.  At the same time both fingers
found their marks.  As his digit invaded her tiny shithole, hers shot up his
ass!  She gasped as the new sensation hit her, it felt like a tiny red hot
poker was reaming her out, stabbing into her vitals!

  She groaned and rammed her finger up him to the knuckle, turning it from
side to side, screwing his ass!  She gobbled his prick, feeling it harden
between her lips, swelling as his cum threatened to burst.  She drew her lips
over her teeth, making a ridge, and jacked up and down the length of his
shaft, twirling her tongue over the head on each stroke.  She knew he was very
near orgasm now.  She gulped eagerly, wanting to feel the hot flood of his
sperm in her throat.

  Skip pounded into her mouth, his mind a blur of intense feeling.  Her finger
in his shithole massaged his prostate, sending sharp twinges of desire through
him.  He could feel her other hand cupping his balls, squeezing them gently,
urging his cum.  He stuck his tongue full length up her vaginal canal, wanting
to bring her off at the same time.  He could feel her legs clamped around his
neck in a stranglehold, and he knew by the way they were shaking that her
orgasm was near.  He caught her jumping clitoris between his teeth and bit
down fairly hard.  Ordinarily this would cause pain, but at this point it
merely added to her lust, hastening her cum.

  Come on, baby, he thought.  Cum in my fucking face, I can't hold off much
longer.  Come on, let me taste you cum!  He stabbed his finger in and out of
her ass.

  Barbara felt herself cumming.  The waves of orgasm swept over her, making
her shake and shudder.  Her pussy convulsed, sending forth a thick stream of
cunt juice, filling the boy's mouth with her cum.  She bucked against him, her
body gone berserk with passion.  Her mouth clamped on his prick, and she
sucked with all her might.  She needed his semen flooding her mouth.  She knew
she would spasm even harder when his jism hit her throat.

  Skip suddenly began fucking her mouth with short quick jabs.  His balls were
bursting, his prick was on fire and ready to explode.  Desperately, he fucked
her mouth, using it like a cunt, pounding into it, forcing her throat to open
and take him in. And then the man came.  He spurted wildly into her open
mouth, his pecker jumping with the force of the orgasm that ripped through
him.  He came and came, gob after gob of thick, gooey sperm gushed from the
head of his prick, splattering into her mouth, hitting the walls of her throat.

  Barbara gulped wildly, swallowing the creamy sperm her own final cum
convulsing her.  She sucked and sucked, drawing every drop of jism from his
dick, swallowing it all and wanting more. She wanted to drink endlessly from
this fountain of cum, the taste and texture of the thick drink excited her to
a new plateau of lust.  Frantically she drained the softening penis.  She
gulped down the last mouthful and lay back.  Her body still twitched with the
last of her orgasm.  Skip cleaned her out with his tongue, tenderly licking
the still engorged pussy, cleaning off the last traces of cum.  Finally he
raised his head and slid his body off hers.  His limp penis slipped from her
mouth, and she reached after it, wanting to keep it in her mouth.  He swung
around so he faced her and smiled at her.  His lips and chin were smeared with
pussy cum, and she raised her head to kiss him, wanting to taste her juices.

  "Wow, you give some fantastic head," he said approvingly.  "And your pussy,
well, that tastes great!"  He smacked his lips happily.  "I could taste my cum
in there from when I screwed you before, something, huh?"  He grinned at her.
This had sure turned out to be some afternoon.  He had seen the sexy woman
around town and had fantasized over her, but he had never dreamed he would
actually fuck her and then eat her out and have her blow him.  He smiled at
her, feeling all the power of his young manhood at conquering her.  "You've
got a great body, too.  I mean, you're really something special!  You're
beautiful!"  He looked at her, visions of fucking her in every conceivable
position running through his mind.  He could come here every day.  He wanted
to do things to her he had never even thought of before - fuck her in the ass,
between the breasts, the list was endless!

  Maybe he could get it up again, he'd sure love to put it in her once more.
He shivered, remembering how tight and hot it had been around his finger.  He
could almost feel it around his dick.  That'd really be something, he thought
avidly, picturing himself pounding into her creamy ass.

  Barbara was just lying there.  She was covered with sweat and exhausted, but
her body was satisfied.  She purred like a kitten sunning itself.
