ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
º (305) 938-8946              The XChange BBS                2400 Baud Only! º
º 300 mb On Line            Adult Entertainment              Free Section    º
ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼


             Chapter Four - Freewheeling Barbara Toys With Boys

    Barbara sat in the dark bar with Jason Greenway, trying to smile and nod
  at the appropriate places in the conversation, but her thoughts were else-
  where. She was remembering her young lover of the afternoon, dwelling on his
  powerful physique and boyish face, recalling how expertly he had brought her
  smoldering passions into flame. She shivered slightly as she pictured her
  uninhibited enjoyment of the boy's advances, and a drop of moisture welled
  in her vagina. She pressed her legs together.
    "Isn't that so, Barbara?" asked Jason Greenway.
    "Oh. Yes, of course. You're absolutely right," Barbara murmured. Her cunt
  was itching and burning with repressed desire now, and she felt that she
  couldn't stand sitting here listening to him much longer. I don't want to be
  here, she thought boldly. I want to enjoy myself-dance-I want to fuck some-
  body-anybody. Her thoughts strayed to the exciting picture of her young son
  jerking off, and she moaned faintly as she tried to banish the wicked
  thought.
    "I say, are you all right?" Jason peered at his companion's face
  worriedly. She had seemed strange all evening - abstracted. He remembered
  that her son had come home unexpectedly and wondered if that was disturbing
  her. "Are you worried about Jerry? He'll be fine. He's a grown man now, and
  you said his friend would be here tomorrow morning."
    "Yes, I mean, no, I'm not worried," Barbara said, laughing wildly. If he
  only knew how worried I am! she thought to herself.  "I'm fine."
    "Well, if you don't mind my saying so, you look a trifle under the
  weather," Jason Greenway continued. "If you'd prefer to go home ..."
    "No, no, I want to dance!" Barbara said suddenly, standing up. "Come on,
  Jason, dance with me." Actually, she wanted to ride a bike!
    "Certainly, my dear," Jason replied ponderously, sliding back his chair
  and joining her. He led her to the floor and put his arms about her
  correctly, leading her in a slow step. 
    Barbara felt the music enter her, and she swayed to the rhythm gracefully.
  She pressed close to her partner. Jason held himself stiffly as the woman
  pressed into him. He couldn't imagine what had gotten into her. She was
  practically embracing him in the middle of the dance floor! He drew back
  slightly. This would never do ... mauling each other like a pair of horny
  teenagers! "Barbara ..." He pushed her away from him firmly and took charge
  again,leading her in correct steps. He sighed faintly with relief. He wanted
  her,certainly, but he preferred to court her slowly, in keeping with his age
  and station. A proper courtship certainly didn't include getting an erection
  on the dance floor!
    Barbara sighed in disappointment. No use, she thought. He's an old stick-
  in-the-mud. I wonder if he'll ever do anything at all with me, or just wait
  until we both die of old age! Out loud she said, "Jason, perhaps you're
  right. I'm not feeling very well at all. I guess we'd better go home."
    "Certainly, my dear," Jason replied, relieved. Maybe he had imagined the
  wanton way she had pushed herself at him, after all, she was ill. He felt a
  slight twinge of regret as he led her to the car. Maybe he should speed
  things up a bit. She had had plenty of time to get over her unfortunate
  divorce. He resolved to go a bit farther than the customary kiss tonight.
  After all, he was a man, and getting tired of buying sex from the whores
  downtown! Perhaps he and Barbara could become engaged soon. He smiled at her
  benignly and opened the door. Barbara got in and sat morosely at the far
  side, next to the door. She didn't know what was wrong with her. First she'd
  fucked a boy young enough to be her son, then she watched her own son jack
  off and been terribly aroused by it, and now she practically attacked her
  staid boyfriend. All because of that tormenting itch between her legs.
  Angrily she chastised herself. Jason wasn't rejecting her-he was just trying
  to show how much he respected her. But I don't want to be respected, she
  thought. I want to be fucked! If only he'd satisfy me - get rid of these
  horrible, sinful yearnings. She looked appealingly at the man sitting next
  to her.
    Jason reached over and slid an arm around Barbara's shoulders, then
  lowered his head and kissed her firmly on the lips. She stiffened, then
  relaxed against him, murmuring, kissing him back, using her teeth and
  tongue, sticking her soft wet tongue into his mouth and running it over his
  lips. His arms tightened around her, and he slid one hand down to cup her
  breast through the thin fabric of her dress. Instantly, the nipple hardened
  and pressed against his palm.
    She isn't wearing a bra, he thought in confusion. Nice women didn't act
  like this, according to his experience. His ex-wife certainly hadn't. She
  had been cold and stiff from the day he married her to the day she died. He
  had resigned himself to the fact, and had bought his sexual pleasures from
  willing young women. When Barbara had divorced her husband and he had begun
  to see her as his future wife, he had treated her as befitted a nice woman,
  and she had never shown any signs of wanting anything else. Until now.
  Unbelieving, he massaged the warm breast in his hand, hearing the quickened
  breathing of the woman in his arms. She was squirming against him now, her
  dress hiked up over her thighs, inviting his hand to travel lower. In a
  daze, he dropped his hand, reaching under the hem of her dress and probing
  gently at the mound of her groin, covered with damp nylon. As his finger
  carefully snaked itself under the edge of her panties and crept into the
  damp warmth between her thighs, Barbara trembled convulsively and squirmed
  even nearer to him, her free hand fumbling with the zipper of his pants.
    "Oh, Jason. touch me, please ..." she moaned, unzipping his pants and
  capturing his penis. He jumped at the shock of her touch. He couldn't
  believe any of this. He hadn't felt up a girl in the car since high school!
  His thick penis was hardening slowly in her hand and he pushed his finger
  into her damp crotch, amazed at the wetness.
    "Barbara, maybe we should wait," he muttered. "Take you to my house."
    "No! Here! Fuck me here!" Barbara hissed, pulling him against her. Her
  pulse was pounding. She had no other thought than to get his prick inside
  her twitching cunt. She jerked her skirt up around her waist, exposing her
  belly and nylon covered twat to his gaze. "Take off my panties and stick it
  in," she cried lewdly bumping her hips so that his finger slipped all the
  way in. "It feels so good, darling." He pulled her panties down her long
  legs and finger-fucked her methodically. His mind was awhirl with lust now.
  He wanted her as much as she wanted him. He didn't care who she was or
  where they were ... he hadn't been so excited in years. Grunting, he pulled
  his pecker free from her hand and hunched over her in the seat, not even
  bothering to pull down his trousers.
    "All right, if that's what you want," he muttered, positioning himself at
  the opening of her womb.
    "Hurry up, fuck me! I need it!" Barbara squealed, opening her thighs wide.
  Her head was mashed against the arm rest, and the steering wheel was digging
  into her legs, but she wanted to be fucked - now! She pulled him on top of
  her, opening wide for the invasion of his prick. She shut her eyes, every
  nerve atremble with the anticipation of having her hole filled.
    "Hey, Mac!  Cut it out ... can't do that here!" a sharp voice interrupted.
  A flashlight swept the interior of the car,revealing Barbara, with her skirt
  bunched around her waist and her pussy bare. Jason hurriedly withdrew to one
  side of the car, trying to push his penis inside his pants."Cover yourself,"
  he hissed at Barbara. He had never been so embarrassed in his life. Imagine
  him, Jason Greenway, being caught in a parking lot with his pants down like
  some kid.
    "Gimme your identification, buster," the policeman continued.
  Jason handed him his driver's license without a word. As the cop perused the
  license, he jerked Barbara's skirt over her thighs, glaring at her. She was
  just sitting there in a trance, her eyes unseeing. Jason felt his anger at
  her for getting him into this mess.
    He patted her hand sympathetically.Barbara stared at him. She was furious.
  Just as she had been about to get a prick inside her this happened!
    "Don't worry dear .. I'm so sorry for this, couldn't control myself, never
  happen again," he soothed her. He was willing to believe now that he had
  taken advantage of her. After all that's how it should be. He squared his
  shoulders and patted her hand as she sobbed in rage and frustration.
    "Okay, Mr. Greenway," the cop said, reluctantly handing back the papers.
  "Just don't let it happen again. Take the young lady somewhere else next
  time!" He leered at Barbara knowingly, then snapped off his flashlight and
  departed. 
    They drove off. Both were silent on the way home. As they drew up in front
  of her house, Barbara gathered up her purse, preparing to depart.
    "I can't tell you how sorry I am," Jason began, detaining her. "I was
  carried away by your-ah, beauty. Perhaps it's best we were stopped. I wanted
  our first time to be perfect ... not fumbling in a car like two kids! I'll
  call you tomorrow dear."
    "Goodnight," Barbara said shortly, scrambling out of the car. Yeah, I'm
  sorry too, she thought furiously. Another minute ... her pussy was still
  dripping wet and tingling with the need to be fucked. Oh well, I'll just go
  in and masturbate, she thought. Tomorrow ... she felt the breeze hit her
  dripping twat and suddenly realized that her panties still lay in Jason's
  car. At the thought of his shock when he found them, she giggled and felt
  better.
    Jerry felt better now. He had gone to bed early the night before, and
  hadn't even heard his mother return from her date. Steve would be here at
  around lunch time, and he could forget all about the day before. He fixed
  himself a bowl of cereal and consumed it methodically. His mother was still
  asleep upstairs, and he had no wish to see her yet anyway. He figured he'd
  take a swim after breakfast and then read until Steve got here.
    Barbara staggered into the kitchen, stopping short at the sight of her
  son. She felt like she had a hangover. Her body was heavy and unfulfilled,
  her masturbation having brought no relief the night before.Her cunt throbbed
  dully, aching.
    "Oh. Jerry," she mumbled, keeping her eyes away from him. "Want anything
  else to eat?"
    "No, Mom, that's okay," Jerry said nervously. He hadn't been prepared for
  the sight of his mother. She was wearing a thin blue bathrobe, and her hair
  was angled down her back. In the second before he turned away, he had seen
  the unfettered swell of her breasts against the robe, and his pulse jumped
  alarmingly. "I'm gonna take a swim. Steve will be here in a couple of hours.
  See ya!" Jerry jumped up from the table and rushed from the room, leaving
  his cereal unfininshed.
    Barbara stared after him. The sight of her son hadn't aroused her in any
  way. Relieved, she pushed her hair back and fixed herself a cup of coffee.
  She drank her coffee slowly, thinking of how nice it would be to have a
  husband to quell her lust, a good, strong man to depend on. I don't know
  what came over me yesterday, but it'll never happen again, she promised
  herself. I think I'll even take a swim with Jerry, to show it was all
  nonsense! I must have imagined all those things. I couldn't seriously want
  to fuck my son! She laughed at her fantasies, secure now that she would soon
  have a way out of her difficulties.
    Jerry clattered down the stairs dressed in his bathing trunks. He could
  see his mother in the kitchen, drinking her coffee, and he breathed a sigh
  of relief as she rinsed out her cup and disappeared upstairs.
    "Now if she'll just stay away this morning, I'll be okay," he muttered to
  himself, diving into the pool. He didn't understand his reactions of yester-
  day. He knew his mother was a fine, pure woman who would have been horrified
  at his evil fantasies. He would always be grateful for her calm acceptance
  of his masturbation, though, he decided, swimming around the pool. He swam
  vigorously, determined to live up to the image he imagined his mother had of
  him. As he began his fifth lap, he looked up and saw his mother approaching
  the pool. She had on a white bathing suit, different from yesterday's, but
  no less revealing. Her full breasts spilled out of the top, and the bottom
  threatened to fall from her rounded hips at any moment. Oh, wow, Jerry
  thought wildly, staring. She looked a hundred times better than any of the
  girls in the pictures. And she was here. Right in front of him. He took a
  deep breath and dove under water, trying to ignore the involuntary hardening
  of his prick. He swam under the water with bursting ears and tight loins,
  wondering miserably how the hell he was going to get out of the pool with a
  hard-on. Finally he surfaced and regarded her warily from the far side of
  the pool.
    "Hope you don't mind me joining you!" Barbara called gaily.
    "Oh no, Mom, fine," Jerry replied, treading water, trying to keep the
  lower part of his body turned away from her. It was under water, but the
  pool was crystal clear, and his pulsing erection could plainly be seen.
    Barbara dove cleanly into the water and surfaced shaking her head like a
  puppy. "Whew! Feels good!" she cried, swimming over to her son. He turned
  his back to her and inched away from her, trying not to be too obvious. The
  cool water was having absolutely no effect on his erection. It throbbed
  unceasingly between his legs, growing bigger by the minute.
    "Wanna race?" he croaked.
    "Sure! Five laps?" Barbara said vivaciously. The water was soothing her
  jangled nerves. She looked fondly at her son, wondering how she had ever
  entertained such lustful thoughts about him. Why, he's just a little boy,
  she assured herself. "Let's go!" She struck off, turning her head briefly to
  insure that Jerry was racing with her, then settled down to swimming in
  earnest. As she finished the last lap, she pulled herself onto the side of
  the pool. Her exhileration faded as she watched her son swimming slowly
  toward her. His face was contorted in a grimace as he swam jerkily. She
  stood up, worried. Jerry was an excellent swimmer and should have beat her
  hands down.
    "Are you all right, dear?" she called. Maybe he has a cramp! She thought,
  diving back into the pool and swimming to her son.
    "I'm okay, Mom, leave me alone," Jerry gasped. Barbara put her arm around
  him as he paddled slowly to the shallow end. "For Pete's sake!" he cried,
  throwing off her arm. "I'm okay."
    Barbara stared at her son, puzzled. Her glance went over him and rested on
  his groin, as if drawn by a magnet. The magnet of his pulsing erection
  pushing out the thin material of his trunks. "Oh, Jerry," she whispered. Her
  mind wavered. She reached out a hand and gently touched the lump at his
  crotch, her fingers stroking. Her hand had a will of its own. She watched
  dazed, as she squeezed her son's penis. The scene blurred before her eyes as
  an electric thrill ran through her. She caressed Jerry's rock-hard projec-
  tion, staring at him, her eyes glazed, her mouth open. Her breasts rose and
  fell with her labored breathing and the burning in her cunt spread through
  her body, making her legs weak and shaky.
    "Mom!" Jerry cried in anguish. He didn't know what was happening. One
  minute he had been swimming painfully, impeded by his arousal, the next his
  mother was stroking him, staring at him with a strange expression in her
  eyes. His prick jumped under her fingers and his hands burned to grasp her
  heaving breasts.
    At his voice, Barbara shook herself, emerging from a dream of lust to
  reality. Her hand dropped, she floundered backwards in the water as she
  plunged to shore. Her only thought was to get out of here - away from the
  scene of her betrayal. God, what am I doing? Evil - wicked - oh my Lord!
  INCEST! she thought, horrified. She left her son without a word, stumbling
  from the pool, racing upstairs.
    Jerry just stood there. "Mom, come back," he called forlornly. Somehow he
  had to comfort her - to let her know it was all right. He had never seen
  such a look of terror on anyone's face before. He jumped out of the pool and
  ran after her - too late. He heard the car roar off outside and slumped
  against the front door, oblivious of his wetness. His prick still throbbed.
  It wanted back the hand that had stroked it so lovingly. He shook his head
  and went back inside dispiritedly to wait for his friend Steve. He wanted
  desperately to be a child again. He didn't know what he was going to say to
  his mother, or do about this situation, but he did know that he had grown a
  lot older in the last half hour. Grown from the touch of his mother's hand...

    ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
    ³                                                                   ³
    ³                   T H E    T I T A N I C   B B S                  ³
    ³                                                                   ³
    ³                         305 - 971 - 6118                          ³
    ³                                                                   ³
    ³            'For the best in Adult Text and GIF files'             ³
    ³                                                                   ³
    ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
