              Chapter Five - Freewheeling Barbara Toys With Boys

  Barbara drove wildly through traffic, not knowing where she was going.
Etched in her mind was an indelible picture of stroking her son's prick.  She
admitted to herself now that she had deliberately flaunted her body before
him, inviting his response, and then had run from him, terrified.  Horror at
her perverse desires suffused her, dimming out not overwhelming the aching of
her frustrated cunt.  Her twat was burning, it wanted to be fucked, it didn't
have any scruples about who did the fucking.  She swerved around a car, horn
blaring, and tried to think.  She could call Jason at the office.  She laughed
aloud, picturing his reaction if she stumbled in, dripping wet, and attacked
him.  Or the boy from yesterday, Skip, she remembered telling him that she'd
meet him at six, but that was too long!  She needed it now.

  "I'll go to the store he works for.  He makes deliveries for Smith's
Department Store,"  she said feverishly.  How she was going to get him to
leave work and come with her she dismissed as unimportant.  If she could just
see him.  She pulled into the parking lot of the store and jumped out of the
car, looking around wildly.  "Ah, Delivery Entrance," she muttered.  She ran
to the door, and finding it open, walked in.  A man looked at her
disinterestedly.

  "Yeah, lady?"

  "Skip.  Skip, is he here?" She peered around.

  "Yeah, he's in the back.  You his mother?"

  "Yes.  Can you get him?  It's very important, an emergency," Barbara said.
She felt very odd, her hair dripped down her neck, wetting her back.

  "Sure, why don't ya sit down?  You don't look so good," the man answered
kindly.

  "Oh, I'm fine.  Just get Skip, please.  Hurry!"

  "Okay, lady, calm down."  The man was getting slightly annoyed.  He wasn't
used to wet, distraught ladies bursting into his office to see his delivery
boys.  He strolled to the inside door and yelled, "Hey, Skip!  Your Ma's here,
says it's an emergency."

  Skip's voice came clearly.  "Ma?  I don't, hey, wait a sec!  You say she's
here?  Okay."  Barbara clenched her hands together and took a deep breath as
Skip entered the room.  He grinned at her and winked slowly.  "Yeah, what's
the trouble, Ma?"

  "Uh, ah, I need your help," Barbara stuttered.  She hadn't realized how tall
he was, and she hadn't remembered his shoulders as being so broad.  He walked
over to her, still grinning and took her arm.

  "Mr. Johnson.  I'll go help my Ma.  I'll be back in a while, okay?"

  "Well, I suppose so," the man said dubiously, looking at the strange pair.
"She is your mother..."

  "Oh yes, sir, she certainly is," Skip answered.  "Come on, Ma."  He led
Barbara firmly outside.  She clung to his arm weakly.  Now that she had him,
she was tongue-tied.  "Where's the car?" he asked.  She showed him, and he
steered her to it, unlocking the door and pushing her inside.  She collapsed
on the seat and looked at him helplessly.

  "So, what's the emergency?  Couldn't wait, huh?"  He grinned at her again.
She shuddered at the cocksure tone.  He reached over and pulled up her skirt
roughly, sinking his finger into her.

  "No," she whispered, pulling away.  "I wanted... I mean..."

  "Don't play coy now, lady" he said.  "You want it bad, don'tcha?  So bad you
hafta come get me from work.  Well, where do you want it?  Here, or your
place?"  He stroked her cunt smoothly, his finger sliding in and out.  He felt
a surge of power as he realized how much this woman wanted him.  It was an
intoxicating feeling.

  "No, can't go home, my son's there.  Just drive to the beach," Barbara
stuttered.  Her body was on fire from his finger-fucking and she knew she had
to get out of here before she succumbed in broad daylight in the parking lot.

  "Can't drive, lady.  I lost my license," Skip said.  His teeth showed in a
broad grin as he watched her.  She was flushed and breathing hard already,
just from his finger in her twat.

  Finally Skip said, "Hey, let's go!  I ain't got all day.  Let's go down to
the beach.  I know a place."

  Barbara backed the car out and followed his instructions.

  It was a bright, hot day, and the beach was crowded, but Skip directed her
down a side road to a deserted point.  She pulled to a stop and stared at him
questioningly.  He was all business now.

  "Got a blanket?  No?  Guess this hit you unexpected, huh?  Well, I'm always
willing to help a lady.  Take your dress off.  Lemme see if your bod's as good
as I remember.  Do it nice and slow, now, give me a good show so I can get
ready for you.  Though I don't need much," he said, looking down at his pants
and seeing the hard bulge.  "Get my prick out first," he commanded.  "Then
give me a show."  He sat back against a sand dune, legs widespread and
motioned her to him.  "Come on, take it out!

  Barbara knelt in front of him and, hand shaking, unzipped his pants.  His
massive pecker sprang out, already engorged.  She moaned slightly and reached
for it, but he slapped hand away.  "No, strip for me, lady.  Let's see how
good you are," he commanded, circling his prick with his thumb and forefinger.
"Make it good and hard, and I'll fuck you!  If you don't do a good job,
well..." he shrugged.

  Barbara put her hands behind her neck and unzipped her dress, trying to
remember how the stripper she had seen in Vegas did it.  She moved her hips
slightly to an imagined bump and grind routine and slowly let the dress fall
to the ground.  She was still in her white bathing suit, and she revolved
slowly in front of him, thrusting out her pelvis, bending so he could see the
swell of her breasts.  She unhooked the top of the suit in back and let one
breast fall free, still holding it to her other boob, teasing him.  She
gathered the material in her hands and pressed it to her chest, rubbing her
tits with it, then let it fall to the ground, revealing the full swell of her
tits.  She cupped her hands under her breasts and let her fingers trail over
the creamy surface, pinching the nipples until they stood erect.

  "Oh, yeah, that's good.  Rub'em, honey," Skip gasped, hypnotized by the
action of her hands.  He rubbed his prick slowly, savoring the strip tease.
"The pants.  Take off the pants.  Let me see your cunt."

  "Barbara smiled.  She felt in control now as she excited the young man.  It
was obvious he wanted her badly now, and she proposed to make him frantic with
lust before she let him enter her.  She turned her back to him and bent over,
pulling the white bikini pants off her full ass, revealing the twin moons of
her buttocks to his view.  She ran her hand over the cheeks of her ass,
parting the crack, showing a brief glimpse of her puckered asshole, bending
over so he could see the shadow of her cunt from behind.  She straightened and
turned again, facing him, hooking her thumbs in the top of her pants and
inching them down, revealing a few reddish curls.  She looked him full in the
eyes, licking her full lips with her wet tongue.

  "Like it, Skip?  Want to see more of my cunt?" she asked softly.

  "Yeah.  Show me your twat, baby.  Take of the pants and show it to me!" Skip
grunted.  He had pulled off his jeans now, and he sat before her naked, his
cock jerking with excitement.

  Barbara slowly slid the panties off, revealing her luxuriant pubic bush, and
stepped out of them.  She stood before him nude, her hands covering her bush,
smiling at him lewdly.  She was unbearably excited.  She could feel the
moisture trickling from her overheated cunt.  She walked in front of him,
moving her hands and spreading her legs so he could gaze at her.  One hand
held apart the fleshy lips of her cunt.  She was only inches away from him
now, and her female odor reached his nostrils.  They twitched at the enticing
smell, and he grabbed upward, bringing her cunt against his mouth, inhaling
the musky odor, lapping fiercely at the dripping cunt.

  "Oh, yes, suck it," she squealed, her knees buckling.  She slumped onto him,
her twat mashing into his face.  He licked up and down, his nose bumping
against her clitoris, sending waves of pleasure through her.  "Eat me out,
darling, eat my cunt!" she moaned, squatting over him.  Her body writhed as it
sought the satisfaction denied since yesterday, her hips twisting and
undulating on his tongue, her cunt dripping pussy nectar down his willing
throat.  And Skip complied, doing his best to swallow the flood of juice,
slurping valiently at the demanding cunt, sticking his tongue into her hole
and twirling around, nibbling at the nub of her clitoris.  She came quickly,
spasming wildly, gushing into his mouth.  She fell on the sand beside him.

  "Oh, that was fantastic.  You're a great cunt lapper," she babbled, not
quite believing she had finally found the release she had craved so violently.

  "Turn over," Skip said roughly.  He was extremely aroused, her strip tease
had almost made him shoot and he had controlled himself with difficulty as he
ate her cunt.  He wanted something else, something he had promised himself to
have yesterday.  He wanted to plunge his pecker into the steaming depths of
her ass!  He turned her over and spread her cheeks, staring enraptured at the
puckered rose of her asshole.  "Oh baby, this is gonna be great!" he muttered,
bending down and licking the crack of her ass.  It tasted salty, not at all
unpleasant.  His tongue found the tiny hole and bored in, licking the tight
dry walls, lubricating them for his entrance.

  "Wha - what are you doing?" Barbara hissed.  "Not there.  In my cunt.  Do it
in my cunt."

  "Hell no, baby.  I'm gonna cornhole you," Skip answered, spitting in one
hand and greasing his pole.  "Just relax."

  "No, no." Barbara struggled to no avail.  She was pinned firmly under his
weight, her head pressed into the sand.  Her ass stuck up in the air, the
cheeks already spread by his hand.  Unbelieving she had felt his tongue rim
her, feeling like a hot rasp.  She knew it was going to hurt terribly.  His
finger had hurt yesterday when he stuck it there!  She knew his massive pecker
would rip her in two!  "Please don't, not there," she moaned, twisting her
hips away from him.

  "Hold still, damn it," Skip muttered through clenched teeth, "or I will hurt
you, Goddamn it!  I said hold still!"  He punctuated his words with a sharp
slap on her posterior and Barbara subsided.  She held herself tensely,
terrified of the pain she knew would rip through her.

  Skip positioned his penis at the entranceway to her bowels and pressed
gently.  The head slipped halfway in, stretching the membranes and causing her
to moan feebly and squirm in pain.  "Hold still!" he repeated, taking a firm
grip on her and pushing forward.  The head of his prick slipped inside the
distended hole, opening the ring of sphincter muscles for entrance.  Skip felt
the tight ring of muscles clamp against his prick and he almost came on the
spot from the exciting pressure.  He gritted his teeth and shoved mightily.
His dick thrust into the virgin asshole, tearing the membranes with a burst.
He slumped against her, his cock buried in her asshole, his balls crushed
against her ass, and rested a moment, soaking in the dark warmth.  It was a
lot hotter and tighter than any cunt he'd ever been in, and dry too!  He moved
slightly, then pulled out a ways and began pumping into her.

  Barbara stayed perfectly still.  The pain was unbearable.  She could feel
the entire length of his cock inside her bowels like a red hot poker.  Her
whole ass was on fire, she could feel the battered muscles contorting with
pain as he pumped steadily into her.  He's killing me, she thought.  She
groaned loudly as pain lanced through her bowels, making her feel violently
sick. I deserve it, this is my punishment, I deserve to be treated like this,
her mind chanted to her.

  "Move it!" Skip snapped suddenly.  "You know how.  Move your ass up and
down, baby, so I can get all the way in you!"  He slid one hand beneath her
and groped for her sticky cunt, thrusting his finger into her.  In and out.
In and out.  His finger kept perfect time with his cock and Barbara was
surprised to find the pain receding as the pleasure radiated from her cunt.
Suddenly, she wanted him to fuck her ass.  The feelings his cock evoked were
exciting beyond belief!  She moved her hips tentatively at first, then boldly,
pushing his prong into her depths.

  "That's it!  Shake your ass!" Skip cried exultantly as the movement
transmitted to his pecker.  Her ass muscles were sucking at him now, pulling
him deeply into her hot dry shithole, squeezing the head of his dick until he
felt his balls would burst.  His balls smashed against her ass with each
stroke, squishing in the moisture that dripped from her excited twat.

  "Oooo, yes, fuck my ass!  Shit, baby, ram it home and ream me out!" Barbara
cried, bucking her ass up and down, then whirling it in circles, screwing
herself onto his pole.  "Cram me full of cock.  Give it to me!  Harder!  Fuck
me harder!  Stick your hand in my cunt, give it to me!"

  Skip smiled grimly and continued to thrust strongly into the bouncing ass.
"I knew you'd like it!" he crowed.  "You love it, don'tcha?  You love me
fucking your ass!  Yeah, move it!  Clench your muscles.  Use your ass to make
me cum.  Move it good.  So good, hot mother.  Good fucking," he cried.  He
could feel his cum burning in the pit of his stomach and he clutched at the
slippery flesh of her posterior with trembling fingers, one hand still buried
deep in her twat.  He could tell she was cumming, too, her juices spurting
over his hand and drencheing his balls. "Yeah, I'm gonna cum in your fucking
ass!" he cried.

  Barbara tensed at his words.  She wanted to feel the hot flow of semen flood
her battered asshole.  She moved wildly under him, her tits bouncing, her cunt
gripping his hand.  She felt her ass suck at his pounding cock.  She squeezed
her muscles and felt the rigid flesh of his prick swell and grow hotter as he
gave one last heave and wedged himself firmly in her ass.  His balls tightened
and burst, sending spurt after spurt of hot semen into the dark recesses of
her bowels, spattering the dry walls of her bunghole with thick white cream.
She shuddered beneath him, her orgasm overtaking her at the same moment, her
cunt convulsing and gushing onto his digging hand.  She could feel his pecker
still spitting inside her ass, softening now and slipping out.  Her ass
muscles grabbed at it futilely, trying to keep it inside her, but it slipped
out and the boy rolled sideways onto his back.  Barbara stayed on her hands
and knees, her ass stuck in the air, gobs of sperm dripping from her asshole
and running down the backs of her legs.  She was too weak to move.  Her
ravaged rear throbbed dully, but her cunt was satisfied for a time.  But she
still wanted something in there.  Something good and hard in her twat.  She
thought suddenly of Jerry's pictures, the one of the woman being screwed in
the ass while she sucked another guy off.  She wondered if the guy in her
mouth had transferred to her cunt after the cock finished in her ass.  And she
wondered how it would feel to be screwed in the front and back at the same
time.

  As she realized what she was thinking, she moaned.  One isn't enough for
you?  You're damn lucky you got this, she told herself, quelling her perverted
thought.  This is bad enough, picking up a delivery boy to fuck you so you
won't think about fucking your son.  And now thinking about that!  You're
evil, wicked!

  "You okay?" Skip asked rolling over and looking at her.  She hadn't moved.
He hoped that he hadn't hurt her, he had smashed into her awfully hard.  "Hey,
say something."

  Barbara shivered as his hand stroked her ass.  She rolled over and faced
him, saying in a small voice, "Do you think you could get hard again and screw
me in my cunt?"

  Skip stared at her, his mouth open.  Here he had thought he had ruptured her
ass and she wanted more!  He grinned admiringly.  "Sure, lady, anything you
want!"  He laughed in relief.  "You'll have to suck it to a stand though.  I
can't get it up alone."  He laughed again with all the assurance of a youth
who knew he had years of fucking before him.  He felt like he could screw her
all day and night and never get tired.  She was far and away the best piece of
tail he'd had in his young life.

  Barbara scrambled to him, wincing as her still painful ass touched the
ground.  She knelt before him and lifted his limp prick with one hand.  "While
I blow you, why don't you tell me about some of the other women you've
screwed," Barbara asked, knowing the recollections would hurry his erection.
And besides, she had a perverse desire to hear of his sexual encounters.  She
had never imagined a man so young would be so experienced.  He was only a year
older than her son, and Jerry was obviously a virgin.  She shuddered at the
thought of her lust for her son, and continued hastily.  "Tell me about your
first time, tell me all about your girl friends," she urged hotly.  "I'll suck
you off while you tell me, and then you can fuck my cunt!"

  "Well," Skip began slowly.  "I've never had a chick like you, that's for
sure.  You're really outasight!  A far out fucking lady!"  He ran his fingers
through her hair possessively.

  "Tell me about your other girls," Barbara urged, lowering her head to his
groin and licking around the base of his penis.  She cleaned his pole
thoroughly, from the root to the tip, licking daintily along the whole
surface.  She was gratified to notice that it was swelling slightly, hardening
under her tongue.

  "Okay.  Well, my first time was when I was a kid.  I was always big for my
age, a lot bigger than the other boys.  I started playing with myself when I
was about nine, but it was a while before I got into a real cunt!  My sister
is a couple of years older than me.  I used to watch her undress at night
through the keyhole and then jerk off afterward.

  "Anyhow, one night she had a girl friend spend the night with her, and I was
watching them.  They didn't do anything for a long time, just sat around and
yakked, and I was getting tired of waiting, when my sister started to undress.
She and her friends had been talking about boys at school, what kind of girls
they went for and all, and my sister pulled off her clothes and pointed out
her tits and ass to her friend, laughing as she described how the boys had
played with her tits and cunt!  She rubbed her little titties until they stood
straight up and pulled her cunt open and showed it to her friend.  The other
girl stripped, too.  She was older than my sister, and her body was fully
developed.  She had big sized tits that swing when she walked and a real bush
of hair on her twat!  You better believe I was one horny kid, watching all
that action!  I started jerking off right there in the hallway, and my parents
were both gone, so I didn't have to worry about them.  Anyhow, I stood there
in the hallway, my eye glued to the keyhole, my hand jerking at my pud!  I
watched those two girls compare tits and cunts, holding up each other's tits
to feel the weight, running their fingers in and out of each other's cunts.
Finally I realized they had stopped playing.  They were kissing each other
right on the mouth, mashing their breasts together, squishing their cunts
together!  I had never imagined girls doing that.  I couldn't believe it!  But
it was great, wow, it was fucking fantastic!  I was about to cum all over the
door, just from watching those two chicks get it on!  They went into a
sixty-nine.  I didn't know what it was called then, but it looked like great
fun.  They mouthed away at each other's twats, slurping up the juices.  It was
really far out watching that blonde head ramming into the dark cunt, and the
other way, too." His voice trailed off in a stream of remembrance.

  "Well, then what happened?" Barbara asked impatiently, raising her head from
his cock.  It had gotten completely stiff during the telling of his story, and
Barbara chewed on the tip gently as she waited for him to continue.  Her twat
was steaming now, aroused by the picture of the two girls.  She wanted to hear
the end of the story!

  "Oh, just keep sucking, honey.  I'll try to make it short so we can get down
to business.  Anyhow, I must've been puffing like a steam engine on the other
side of the door, because my sister raised her head from her friend's steaming
crotch and listened.  I couldn't stop, I was grunting with my cum.  I was just
about to shoot, and I couldn't move!  I kept jacking off, hoping my sister
wouldn't come to the door, but I was helpless to stop!  She got up and opened
the door just as I blew my nuts!  All over her!  She just stood there staring
at me, my sperm splattering against her!  I was really scared, man!  I didn't
know what to do!  She laughed, and then took me by the hand and led me into
the room. 'Look what I found!' she told her friend.  'My little bother, all
grown up!'  She pulled my hand and gently to me to the bed.

  " 'God!' her friend said.  'How old is he?  It's a big one.' She reached out
and grabbed my pecker.  It was almost five inches, and she rolled it in her
hand.  'Do you like to watch girls?' she asked gently."

  "I stammered out something.  I couldn't believe the whole thing.  Anyhow,
she took my little prick in her mouth and gave me my first sucking.  It stood
right up and she giggled as she asked my sister if she thought I was ready to
fuck!  And my sister helped her.  She guided me into that hole, placing my
legs, positioning me atop her friend.  Once I was there I knew what to do!  It
was like second nature.  I poked in and out of her.  I must've gone five
strokes before I shot my wad!"  He laughed, remembering his wild excitement at
the feel of a cunt engulfing his prick.  "Anyhow, they taught me a lot, the
two of them!  I fucked that chick once a week for a couple of years, and then
she moved away.  And my sis, she'd never let me cum in her cunt, but she
taught me how to eat a pussy, and she blew me whenever I wanted!  I guess I
was lucky, getting an early start like that.  I'll always remember that broad
..."  He was silent.

  Barbara thrust down a surge of jealousy.  She should be grateful for that
girl, teaching her lover all that.  Why, he was as experienced as a grown man
and had the resilience of youth besides!  His young prick stood at full
attention now as she bobbed her head up and down on it.  Her pussy was
dripping wet with excitement, wanting to be filled.  She raised her head and
said hoarsely, "Fuck me, Skip, get on me and stick it in my cunt!"  She lay
back in the sand, opening her legs to welcome him.

  Skip poised himself before her, kneeling between her out-spread thighs.  He
looked at her wet, glistening cunt and licked his lips, remembering the salty
taste of her cum juice.  He stroked his hand up and down the length of his
pecker.

  "Hurry up, I can't stand it," Barbara moaned, raising her hips to him.  Her
whole body was a mass of trembling, quivering nerves.  The sand rasped against
her backside, which was still sore from the cornholing.  She could feel every
separate grain of sand digging into the bruised flesh, and she ground her hips
masochistically into the rough surface, relishing every stab of pain.  The sun
beat down on her unprotected body.  She could feel heat washing over her
inside and out.  She closed her eyes against the glare, rubbing her head back
and forth in the coarse sand.

  "You really want it, don'tcha, lady?" Skip grunted.  "Tell me how much you
want my prick in you."  He rubbed the head teasingly over her distended
cuntlips, relishing her moan of excitement.  He was unbearably excited
himself, but he wanted to prolong the the time before he plunged into her hot
box as long as he could, until he couldn't stand it any more.  A drop of
pre-cum oozed from the head of his prick and slid over the engorged surface,
glistening in the sun.  "Tell me what you want.  Tell me just how you like
it," he repeated, his eyes running over her firm body that lay so abjectly
before him.

  "Oh, please, fuck my cunt, Skip!  Stick your big hard dick into my pussy and
screw me!  God, how I want it!  Poke me, ram me, please!  Put it in my cunt
and twist it around and screw me into the sand.  Ohhhh, I can't stand it!
I'll die from wanting you!" Barbara cried wildly, her lewd words exciting her
further.  Her hands crept up and massaged her tits, squeezing her nipples
between her fingers until they almost popped.  A thin sheen of sweat gleamed
on the tanned surface of her body now, compounded of heat and lust.  She
arched her body up, presenting her cunt to Skip's fascinated gaze, and
executing a series of slow bumps and grinds, simulating the sex act, urging
himself to bury himself in her twat, "Please, stick it in there."

  "What?" Skip asked innocently.  He was enjoying himself.  This was almost as
good as the actual screwing, watching a beautiful woman flaunt her pussy at
your eyes, begging you to enter her! "What do you want in your cunt, baby?"

  "Stick your finger in there, cram your goddamn hand in my pussy!" Barbara
almost screamed.  "Get it all hot and juicy and then give me your cock!"

  Skip grinned.  It already looked pretty juicy to him, but he was willing to
play around a little longer, until the urge to fuck drove everything else from
his mind.  He put two fingers stiffly together and jammed them into her steamy
box, sinking through the hot flesh and churning around.  "Is that good?" he
asked, breathing heavily as he watched his fingers fuck her twat.  He flicked
the clitoris with his thumb and smiled at the tremor that went through her.
Her skin rippled under its thin coating of sweat as she hunched frantically
against his fingers.  "How do you like that, baby?  Do you like me
finger-fucking your snatch?" Skip muttered to her.

  Barbara looked down past her breasts to the hairy mound of her cunt,
watching his fingers dig in and out.  Her hips moved furiously against the
fucking hand as he drew it out.  Her hips moved furiously against the fucking
hand as she tried to get more of his hand inside her.  She felt like her cunt
was a mile wide and could take anything!  She sucked her muscles around his
fingers and bore down with all her strength.  She couldn't believe the
sensations that were flooding her with every stroke of his arm.  She quivered
and bucked with lustful tremors, her pussy gushing lubrication around his
hand.  "Put your whole hand in.  Fuck me with your arm, cram it in there!" she
cried.

  Skip hesitated.  He had never heard of putting a whole hand inside a woman's
cunt.  Surely it was way too big!  He hooked his fingers inside and stretched
the walls experimentally.  They stretched around his probing digit
accommodatingly.  He shrugged. He was willing to try anything, and if she
thought she could take it.... Carefully he inserted another finger alongside
the two already in her steamy hole.  She moaned slightly, but didn't stop the
tempo of her hips.  He drew his hand out and bunched his little finger with
the others and rammed it again into her.  "That good?" he breathed, watching
her cunt stretch in fascination.

  "Oooohhhh!  Yes!  Yes, darling, give it to me!  Put your fist in my cunt!
Fist-fuck me!  I want it, God, I want it!" Barbara bucked against him.  Her
cunt was stretched to the limit now, crazily she wondered how far it would go
before it ripped.  She didn't care, she wanted him to put his whole fist
inside her.  The depravity of the action further stimulated her.  She could
see him between her legs, his four fingers stiffly extended, pumping in and
out of her.  She wanted to feel his hand - to clamp down on his wrist with her
cunt!  "Go on, please, your fist," she whimpered.

  "Okay, lady, you asked for it," Skip laughed.  The novelty of the scene was
getting to him, turning him on immeasurably.  He doubled his thumb under his
other fingers and thrust into her warm crotch, twisting his wrist as he drove
in so that his entire fist slid through the muscles surrounding her vaginal
canal.  And he was in!  He flexed his fingers carefully inside the tight
passageway, the slick walls of her cunt vibrated beneath his fingertips and
clutched wildly at his hand.  "Feel it?  I've got my fist in your cunt!" he
whispered hoarsely.  He pulled out slightly and began stroking her with quick
jabs of his arm.

  Barbara had tensed as he sought entry to her hole, and forced herself to
relax so he could get in.  She hadn't really thought it possible, but it had
happened, he was in her up to the wrist!  She could feel each one of his
fingers like it was a separate cock, probing and bunching at the entrance of
her womb.  With a loud cry, she arched her back and drove her hips at him,
forcing his hand as far as it would go.  She felt a frantic wave of orgasm
come crashing around her.  Her legs went limp, her body quaked as she pounded
against his fist.  She could feel every part of her body, in her ears a dull
roaring drowned out the sound of her screaming, her eyes blurred and shards of
color danced before them.

  "I'm cummmmmiinnnggg!" she squealed.  "All over your hand, oh God, I'm
cumming!  Help me!  Stop!  Stop!  It's too much!  I can't stand it!"  As she
shuddered through her orgasm, Skip withdrew his hand slowly, her cunt made a
squishing noise as he pulled out.  As folds slipped together and returned to
normal size he stared at his hand again in amazement.  It was unreal that he
had had his fist inside that tiny hole.  He looked down at his prick.  It was
standing straight up and pulsing furiously, he could see the blood flowing in
the enlarged veins that stood out all over the surface.

  He brought his cock to the still dripping hole and pressed in gently,
feeling the puffy flesh give under his pressure.  "Ready for it now, baby?" he
murmured.  "Ready for some fucking?  I'm gonna really give it to ya.  I know
you can take it now," he promised.

  Barbara shivered as the smooth head of his cock probed her cunt.  She had
been really turned on by the fist fuck.  The novelty and the wildness of it
had made her cum violently, but there was nothing like the feel of a hard cock
cleaving her opening!  She smiled lasciviously at him and opened her legs even
wider, giving him a perfect target.  "Yeah, I'm ready!" she answered, matching
his tone.  "Give it to me, hard and fast, lover!  Fuck me like I was meant to
be fucked.  Ram it into my cunt!  I'm waiting for you.  My pussy's begging for
it.  Give it to me!"  She drew in her breath and held it as he stirred in her
outer chambers, then let out in a whoosh as he plunged suddenly into her
depths.  Her flesh parted easily under his thrust, but closed around his prick
with the tenacity of rubber, enclosing him in a vise of sticky flesh.

  "God!  It's still tight!" he grunted wonderingly as he felt the action of
her muscles.  He had thought his fist might have stretched her beyond repair,
but her resilient cunt snapped back into action like a spring.  He fucked in
and out of her cuntal hole, feeling his balls squish against her ass with each
stroke.  Her legs were wrapped around his back and he suddenly raised them
around his neck, pulling her almost straight up against his prick.  Her arms
were tight around his neck, too.  He held her bent double against him as he
drove into her.

  Barbara could hardly move in this position, but that didn't matter as his
prick hit new depths plumbing her canal to the bottom.  He thrust into her
like a pile driver, in mighty lunges.  With every blow of his prong Barbara
shuddered violently, her cunt clutching at his smooth rod.  She could feel him
all the way in her stomach.  It felt like he was fucking her guts!  She
tightened her legs and arms around his neck and shook and shuddered under his
pumping penis, feeling her orgasm begin to sweep her in a series of undulating
waves, each one higher than the one before.  She was being buffeted by a sea
of lust.  Her body rolled with the waves and surfaced, then rolled off again
in a crashing peak.

  "O - uh - uh - uh!  FUCK ME!  I'M CUMMING!  Oh... God, I'm cumming again!
Harder... don't stop... fuck me!  Give it to me!  Cum in me - I WANT YOUR CUM:
PLEASE... I'M CUMMING AGAIN, FUCK ME!!" she screamed, not knowing or caring
what she said or did.

  Skip gritted his teeth and hung onto the convulsing body beneath him, never
ceasing his relentless plunges into her spasming flesh.  He knew she was
gripped in a series of multiple orgasms.  He could feel her cunt clasping and
unclasping on his prick as she flopped like a fish impaled on a spear.  He
loved fucking her, he loved the fantastic action of her active pussy on his
cock, the smooth movement of her hips beneath his changing to the jerks of
orgasm.

  "Get ready, I'm cumming," he warned.  "Hold on.  NNOW! FEEL IT!  JESUS! I'M
CUMMING, BABY!" he screamed at her, forcing himself fully into her, grinding
and twisting his prick into her cunt.  It swelled even larger and grew even
more sensitive.  He could feel every tremor of her cunt through the nerves in
the head.  He twisted and turned into her cunt, and then he was spurting.  A
flood of semen burst from the head of his cock, shooting from his balls
through his prick to splatter into Barbara's twat, filling her canal with hot
semen.

  "AAAggghhh!!" Barbara squealed as the hot column of sperm flooded her
sensitive cunt.  She could feel it gushing into her, burning hot on the walls
of her cunt, filling her to overflowing, running out of her slot and down her
thighs.  She hadn't thought there was that much sperm in the world, she
thought crazily as Skip pumped weakly against her, flinging out his last drops
of semen.  Her cunt sucked hungrily at his softening prick, milking his balls
for every ounce of cum.  She shuddered against him a final time as the last of
her orgasm fluttered through her.  Her legs slid down his back and she lay
back flat on the ground, her eyes closed, a beatific smile on her face.  Skip
slumped beside her, his head on his arms.  He was exhausted, the last two
fucks had really taken it out of him.  He laughed weakly, glancing at her
sperm-coated thighs, realizing how much it had taken out of him!

  "Goddamn great fucking," Skip muttered.  "You really know how to ball.
You're the best piece of ass I've ever had, no shit!"  He meant every word.
He had been with some horny chicks after his start with his sister and her
friend, but never had he had a grown woman at the peak of her desires!  He
shook his head.  No wonder they always said an older woman was the best lay!
He wondered how the hell a guy her age would keep up with her.  He was wearing
out, and he was only eighteen!  A very experienced and mature eighteen, but
still a young boy with supposedly endless sexual prowess.  He sighed.  He knew
he could bring her off again and again, with his tongue, his hands and his
cock, but he didn't want to wear himself out completely!  He figured she could
take on another guy easy.  Hell, she could probably take on an army and come
back for more!  He felt the thrill of pride in his insatiable mistress.  He
was proud of her raging appetite as well as her luscious body.  If he had
realized that it was he who had unlocked her lust and brought forth her
insatiable appetite, he would have been prouder still.  But he didn't know
that until yesterday she had been a frigid woman, frozen by her uncaring
husband and inept lover.  He had come along at exactly the right time and
opened a new world to her.

  Barbara lay flat on the sand, her body glowing with the warmth that only
comes from being well-fucked.  She reached for Skip's hand and held it.
Whatever happened, whatever she did because of her new emotions, she would
always be grateful to him for showing her how it felt to be a woman.  She had
found sexual release and satisfaction now.  It remained for her to learn to
control her desires.

  For a woman of thirty-five, at the height of her sexual potential, to
suddenly come from the cavern of frigidity into the white hot light of
sensuality was a little too extreme, her mind had to catch up to her body.
She knew that she wanted sex constantly now.  She had been deprived too long,
and her body was making up for lost time.  She smiled at her young lover,
studying him covertly, reveling in the sleek beauty of his firm bronze limbs,
wishing he were hard again and could fuck her some more.

  She needed to be fucked steadily for a week, she thought to herself,
smiling.  If Jason could see me now, or my ex-husband, she mused.  Perhaps if
her husband had taken the time to indoctrinate her into sex, to lead her along
until she was ready for this.  She shook her head violently.  There was no use
mourning the past and what might have been!  She was here, now, she was lucky
enough to have been awakened before it was too late, and she meant to make the
most of her awakening.

  She would do everything she could to satisfy her appetite and to keep at bay
her incestuous desires for her son!  Because she knew that was wrong.  Every
moral scruple cried against it.  She was afraid of incest to the fibers of her
being.  She had to get completely fucked out before she went home.  She
couldn't have a repeat of the scene in her pool.  She needed more fucking.
Every day until he left at the end of the week.

  As if he read her mind, Skip turned to her.  "You're a fantastic lady," he
murmured.  "Really far out.  I just had a great idea.  You might like it.
Well, I have a friend who lives right down the beach.  He's a little older
than me, and I hang out there once in a while.  What say we buzz over and take
a shower and rest a while?  This sun's hot as shit!"  He grinned at her
engagingly, watching her reaction.  He wanted to show her off to Buddy.  Buddy
really dug older chicks.  He was always bragging about the ones he'd had and
how they could fuck circles around teenyboppers.  Maybe they could all get it
on.  Skip would love to see Buddy's face when he walked in with this fantastic
lady.  They could smoke a little, relax.  Who knows what might happen then?
He shivered slightly as a picture flitted through his mind, Barbara blowing
him and taking Buddy in her cunt at the same time.

  "Well, if you're sure he won't mind us busting in like this," Barbara said
warily.  She didn't know if she wanted to meet another guy or not.  Maybe he'd
laugh at her for being over thirty!

  Her doubt must have shown on her face because Skip laughed and stroked her
hair.  "He'll love you.  Really!  Any guy would.  You're a really beautiful
lady!  Come on and get dressed.  Wipe off some of the cum if you can, aw,
shit!  We need a towel to get all this!  I must have cum a bucketful!"

  Laughing, the two dressed their sticky bodies in their sandy clothes and
piled in the car, Barbara driving.

  "Where to?"

  "Just go out the way we came in and turn left.  He lives about a mile down,"
Skip said.  He leaned back in the seat, letting the wind ruffle his long hair.
He gazed appreciatively at his mistress.  She looked even more beautiful with
her red hair tangled and full of sand and her cheeks flushed with sun and
loving that she had before.  He leaned back, admiring the pretty picture she
made as she laughed happily at him.

  "I don't even remember how we got here," she giggled.  "I was so hot for you
I couldn't see straight!"  She looked at him fondly, her heart full of
satisfaction and her mind filled with plans.
