I'm nervous as hell as I drive up to your home.  Thirty
miles of freeways to think about meeting a stranger, a description
in a computer, a fantasy -- what will it be like in person?  It's
still light enough to follow the directions, leading further from
the city into relatively rural hills, with homes not too close to
each other so as to invade privacy.

     I find the place and go to the front door.  There's a note
on the door -- "Parker -- go around the back to where you see a
light."  Around the back of the house is a barn with a lantern
hanging from a rafter.  I go in.

     There you are -- handsome, athletic, rugged, your Pendleton
shirt unbuttoned showing your hot, nearly smooth pecs, your 501's
held up by a hand tooled belt, matching your boots.  I'm just in
city garb, not prepared for this barn locale.  You tell me you
don't allow your men to dress that way, and order me to lose my
lothes, fast!

     I strip off my clothes and turn to face you, my cock already
hard, knowing you are exploring me with your eyes.  You smile,
liking what you see.  Quickly, with one hand, you grab a rope,
the end tied in a loose knot, and with the other you grab my
right arm, and slip the knot over my wrist, tightening it. 
Pulling my arm behind me, you grab my left arm and, with years of
practice from rodeo work, you tie my wrists together.  Throwing
the other end of the rope over a rafter, you tie it off, and
there I am, naked, my arms raised up at the ceiling, waiting for
whatever you have in store.

     Slowly, you begin to explore my body with your calloused
hands.  You stick your fingers in my mouth; I hungrily lick them. 
You start to roll my left nipple between your thumb and forefinger,
and my cock bounces to attention as the electricity of the touch
shoots through me!  You pinch harder, and the pleasure doubles. 
I start to moan.  You grab the other one, and my body begins to
tremble in ecstacy, and the more you twist and pull, the closer I
get to coming without ever touching my cock.  You stop in time,
making a mental note to return to those pleasure points at strate-
gically placed intervals throughout the evening.

     You stick your fingers back in my mouth for another slicking
up, and then you turn me around and being to explore my ass with
a slicked up finger.  It allows your finger in easily.  Another
finger, and then another, with a gentle rhythmic push in, back
off, push in, back off, each time relaxing my asshole more,
allowing a wider and deeper entry.  With one hand you keep up the
assault on my ass, now four fingers; with the other you reach
around and pinch a tit again, and my asshole goes wild with
desire and virtually eats your hand up.

     You step back, your hot hard cock now straining on the
inside of your Levi's, wanting freedom, wanting action.  You step
in front of me and slowly strip off your shirt.  You stick your
tit in my mouth and I lick it, tease it, lightly bite it -- you
start moaning with pleasure, and I bite harder, turning you on
and on.  You pull that one out, and give me the other, and this
time I just start out with a good stiff chomp that sends you wild
with sensation.  After a while, you stick your armpit in my face,
and --it being such a warm, sultry night-- your sweat has filled
it with flavor and I lick it clean to my heart's content while
you occasionally play with my nipples.

     Now you just have to get those pants off.  First the boots,
then the pants, and then you put the boots back on.  Your gorgeous,
hard cock is throbbing, demanding attention.  You loosen the
rope, and I fall to my knees, my hungry mouth inches from the tip
of your cock.  "Go for it" you say, and I take it all in one big
gulp, slicking it with my tongue, sliding my lips up and down,
slowly at first, finding your natural ideal rhythm, letting you
thrust, taking it all, driving me wild with lust.  My hands,
wrists still tied, are now free to fondle your balls, rub your
muscular legs, increase your sensation as I devour your cock. 
Just before you can't hold back, you pull out, and catch your
breath.  

     Then you grab a blanket that's been hanging on a rail, and
spread it out over a bale of hay.  "Lie down on that" you bark,
and I do.  You quickly untie the rope from my wrist, and in just
about no time, have my arms tied to the vertical support beams in
a spread-eagle position, and my legs are tied to two other beams
behind me, my ass sticking up for your pleasure.  You put on your
condom, and lube up with some Elbow Grease you keep there for
just such occasions.  Again, your hand invades my ass, relaxing
it, massaging it, making it ready.  You stroke yourself to the
peak of hardness, and stick your hot, thick, throbbing cock into
my hole, and plunge it fully in to the hilt.  We both gasp in
ecstacy.  You begin a rhythmic thrusting, and I match it and meet
it, hungrily taking you, groaning and moaning with each deep,
penetrating push.  I could live out the rest of my life just like
this, being fucked by a master, having someone in me taking
pleasure from my deep ass.

     After a while, you pull out, without having come.  "I've got
a surprise for you," you say (hasn't the whole evening been one
great big wonderful surprise?).  You show it to me -- a big,
rubber cock, easily five inches in diameter, not horrendously
long, but real thick, and greased up and waiting.  "Oh, please,
let me have it" I moan, and you do, slowly at first, as I stretch
out over it, and then faster, and faster.  I'm going crazy with
lust as your hand guides this giant cock into my hole again and
again.  With your other hand, you reach under me and grab my tit
and pinch and twist and pull it.  I've reached the end of my line
as far as holding back is concerned -- with that enormous cock
raping my ass and my nipple on fire, I shoot a load on the blanket,
my body racked in spasm after spasm for minutes, my voice going
hoarse with guttural shouts (thank God for no close neighbors!),
for minutes as I drain my cum, finally relaxing into a state of
pure bliss.

     "Get your ass back in gear, boy!" you growl, "I'm not finished
with you yet."  I shake the relaxed feeling from my head, and am
again aware of the ropes on my arms and legs, the massive dildo
stuffed deep within me, the hot man whose throbbing cock has been
down my throat and deep in my hole.

     With an ear shattering "pop" the dildo is withdrawn.  Your
fingers explore the gaping hole where it was; then you raise your
hand and WHAP! slap my cheeks, first one side, then the other, as
my body, roped and tied, squirms and my ass quivers and turns
redder and redder.  The hole closes down, but you suddenly stop
slapping my ass and stick your thumb and fingers into the hole,
sliding them forward and down, the chute slicked from the fucking
and the dildo, widening my sphincter again, pressing down, until
the last stretch gives way and your hand is in.  I gasp with
pleasure; you massage me from the inside.  My cock has already
gotten hard again, and I moan with delight.  Then you stick your
cock against my hole, and with your hand still in, push gently,
and I stretch even wider, and take your hot cock too!  You slide
it into your hand, and begin to stroke yourself, fucking me,
fisting me, beating off, all at the same time, going wild with
frenzy at the feeling!  But you hold back, not wanting to come so
soon, having a few more plans, and few more pleasures to explore.

     You withdraw your cock and your hand, and quickly slap a
butt plug in place.  "You ready to do what I tell you to?" you
ask menacingly, and I'm quick to answer "Anything, sir!"  You
untie me and tell me to stand in front of you, and I do, instantly. 
"Follow me" you say, and lead me to a corner of the barn, where a
sling hangs from the ceiling.  Expecting to be ordered into the
sling, I move towards it, only to have you slap me across my face
and yell "Don't move."  Then you hop into the sling, raise up
your legs and rest them on the chains.  "Grab that grease, and
slick up my hot ass" you command, and I start to massage your
ass, first with one finger, then two, hearing the pleasure you
get from having your hole played with.  You tell me faster or
slower, hold it in, whatever turns you on, my hand playing with
your hole just the way you want it, an instrument of your pleasure. 
"There's a pile of dildo's on your left -- see it -- get the long
one with the balls at the end for you to hold onto, and give it
to me."  I go for the dildo, it's not as thick as the one you
forced up my ass, but it's bigger than any cock you're likely to
find (at least on a white man), and you want it, you got it.  I
grease it well, press it at your hole and push, and in it goes,
you gasping in pleasure at the invasion, guiding my hands to the
right depth.  I twist it and pull back, push again, duplicate the
rhythm of a fabulous fuck, all the while you're looking down at
me, coaching me with the pacing, the pushing, the withdrawing and
reentering, making me fuck you, give you that incredible pleasure,
that feeling of being filled with lust, and your hot cock is
throbbing in the air, hard as the dildo I'm using on you.  "Suck
me" you manage to gurgle through your pleasure moans, and I lean
over and take that fantastic hot cock in my mouth, licking it up
and down all over, getting it slick, taking it all the way down
my throat, up and down, matching the rhythm of my sucking to the
strokes of my fucking you.  "Hold on" you cry, don't make me come
yet!"  I slow down, then stop.  

     You point me to a cabinet.  "Open it" you tell me, and find
that double pair of alligator clips -- they're attached to each
other and to the other pair with chains -- see them?"  If find
them -- and instantly see their use.  I clip one pair on myself,
each clip biting into a sensitized tit, sending waves of intense
sensation throughout my body, causing my cock to jerk spasmodically
in the air and nearly shoot.  I lean over you and you grab the
other pair and attach them to your hot, erect nipples, gasping as
each clip tears into flesh, jangling the sensitive nerve endings,
bonding us together in incredible sensation and pain.  "Pull
away" you tell me, and the clips reach their maximum distance,
and begin stretching our nipples out towards each other.  You
grab the plug and pull it out of my ass, and check to see that
the condom is still on your cock.  You reach out and grab the
chain between us and tug on it, and I'm pulled forward onto you. 
"Now," you say, "sit that pretty little ass down on my manstick
and ride me to paradise!"  And with a little cumbersome effort,
as our chests are bound to each other, I lean back and lower
myself onto you, my feet finding footholds on the sling, enabling
me to raise myself and lower myself onto your throbbing cock, as
I sway up and down, each time pulling tight on the clamps and
then releasing.  "Reach around and play with that dildo" you tell
me, and I realize it's still in you.  With one hand I reach
behind me, grab the big hard plastic cock and start to fuck you. 
Slowly we build, your cock up my ass, the dildo up yours, our
tits insane with sensation as the clips pull, release, pull,
twist, and grab.  You're growing uncontrollable as all your
pleasure points are simultaneously attacked; I'm whipping my own
cock with my free hand, as the intensity builds and builds.  Your
groans are deeper, faster, more furious, as I shove that throbbing
cock deep into you, and each thrust echoes in my ass, as we get
closer, closer, too close, no return ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! omigod-
ddddddddddddddddd! its a flood! your hot come shoots up my ass,
igniting me from within, and I shoot hot juice over your chest,
onto your tits, everywhere, until, after what seems like days, we
collapse into each other, and the dildo slides gracefully out and
into the hay.

