				
	 
	 
	 
	 
				The Baroness
				   by
				Master Baron
					
	 
	 
	 This was the first time that I was going to be her Master 
	 and I wanted it to be enjoyable. Spending Thursday and 
	 Friday night together allowed us to get better acquainted 
	 and we took an instant liking to each other.  
	 
	 It all started with a letter to a pen pal. It has been a 
	 long time wish of Laurie's to find a man to take control of 
	 her life someone whom she felt secure with and could let 
	 herself go emotionally and physically. I did not start up 
	 this relationship with Laurie with any prior intentions of
	 making this a D/s relationship it just happened naturally.
	 She told me in long talks that she actually wanted to let 
	 me take the lead.  
	 
	 Two of the things that she likes in my attentions with her is
	 my ability to show tenderness and understanding for her not
	 only physically or sexually but emotionally as well. On her 
	 birthday she asked me to take her to dinner and afterwards 
	 she wanted me to take control of all of her actions for the 
	 rest of the night. She would be off all day from work Sunday 
	 until that Tuesday so I could have plenty of time to "play". 
	 
	 Here is how her birthday on Sunday February 9th happened in
	 as much detail as I could condense into a story. The story
	 starts after we have returned home to her place.
	 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
	 After looking her over for a moment, I told her to disrobe. 
	 She hesitated a bit, and I told her that if she continued 
	 to disobey me even in the slightest, she would be sorry. 
	 She saw the serious look on my face and proceeded to take 
	 everything off. I saw that she became embarrassed standing 
	 there naked.
	 
	 First I had her get into the classic military "at ease" 
	 position. Her legs were spread shoulder width, exposing her
	 nicely, and her hands were clasped behind her back with her
	 stomach in and chest out. Then I had her turn  around and
	 bend over. I  told her  to  tell me to please stare at her
	 pussy and play with it a few times. After she turned bright 
	 red from the thought, she said it.  I told her that since she
	 did not address me properly and either call me Master 
	 or Sir that she did not deserve to be touched by me. I 
	 noticed that she was becoming aroused by all this attention 
	 and I had yet to physically touch her.
     
	 I had her lay down on the bed on her back, and I tied her
	 spread eagle to it. I used fur lined ankles, wrist cuffs and
	 cargo tie down straps. I decided that I was going to tease
	 this woman and make her beg me to touch her. I covered her 
	 eyes with a blindfold to take her sight from her and
	 increase her other senses of touch and hearing. After this I 
	 started on her hands, sucking on each finger, and licking 
	 her palms. I ran my tongue down each forearm and tickled the 
	 inside of each elbow with my tongue. She was already 
	 squirming by this point. I continued on her sides, coming 
	 as close as I could to her breasts without actually touching 
	 them. 
	 
	 When I got even with the bottom of her tits, I licked across,
	 underneath them. Then I worked my way up between them.  
	 After she started to beg Master John to suck her tits, I 
	 started to work on them. I licked in spirals, slowly working 
	 my way inward, being careful not to touch the nipples. 
	 Finally, I licked each nipple, just enough to get them wet 
	 with saliva. I then started to blow on them, watching the 
	 cold sensation make then grow hard. At long last, I attacked 
	 the nipples, sucking and lightly biting them, making her 
	 squirm again. 
    
	 After a few minutes of this, I started to work my way down 
	 again. I licked down her stomach and sides stopping just 
	 where her pubic hair began. I licked across the creases of 
	 her lips, licking towards her pussy, but always stopping  
	 just before I touched it. She was dripping wet and moving 
	 her thighs trying to get me to lick her where it counted.  
	 When her breathing increased and her stomach muscles tensed
	 up as she approached her highest point so far this evening, 
	 I stood up and took a deep breath.
     
	 I went to the kitchen for a glass of water to help my drying
	 out tongue.  When I came back, she was begging me to finish
	 the job and let her come, but I told her that the fun was 
	 just beginning. I felt that it was time to start at the
	 other end. I stated sucking each toe individually. I then 
	 ran my tongue up and down the soles of her feet, making her 
	 squirm once again against her restraints. I worked up her 
	 calves and got to her knees. I was between her legs, staring 
	 at her open pussy and smelled her arousal. I pushed her 
	 thighs further apart and waited for a minute or two just
	 staring at her from the angle.  She knew which way I was
	 headed and was begging me to hurry up. I told her that the 
	 more she asked me to hurry, the slower I would go. 
	 
	 I started to run my tongue up the inside of her thighs  with
	 long strokes, each time getting a little closer.  When I
	 finally reached the top of her thighs, I started to lick on
	 either side of her lips, being careful not to actually touch
	 them. I blew on them several times making her think that I was
	 actually going to start licking them. I told her that I was
	 finally going to. I leaned down and just as I got my face
	 close enough so that she could feel me breathing on her
	 pussy, I stood up. I told her that I was tired and that 
	 I needed a rest. I left the room listening to her pleading 
	 for me to come back, saying that so would do anything I 
	 said if I would let her come. A grin came over my face as I
	 remembered back to a time when Laurie told me she would never
	 plead with me for anything. 
     
	 I waited five minutes, even though I was horny as she 
	 was. I stopped in the kitchen again on my way back, and 
	 grabbed several ice cubes and put them in my glass and dumped
	 out the water. I took my chain that I wear around my neck 
	 and dropped it into the glass of ice making sure the coin on 
	 the end stayed out of the glass. I returned to the room where
	 she was and stood next to her on the bed watching her trying 
	 to get out of the restraints so she could touch herself. 
	 After a few minutes, I took the chain out and positioned it
	 over her right nipple and briefly let it touch its target. 
	 The cold sensation made her jump and let out a gasp. I again
	 touched her briefly with the end of the cold chain on her
	 left nipple. It was a sight to see when she tried not to
	 resist the effect the coldness had on her nipples by
	 saying, "Please Master no more"!  
	 
	 I asked her, "Does Laurie want me to stop touching her?" 
	 and immediately after my reply I played with her pussy while 
	 waiting for her answer.   
	 
	 "No!, don't do that it's not fair. Your teasing me and you
	 know what that does to me" replied Laurie.
	 
	 "I distinctly remember your pleading with me before and
	 saying that you would do anything I said if I let you come.
	 Don't you want to please me?"
	 
	 "Yes, Master I will do anything to please you!"
	 
	 I then removed one of the ice cubes from the glass let my hand
	 melt the ice cube slowly  moving the cube over her stomach, 
	 letting the  drops  move slowly down. I slow down as I get 
	 closer to her pussy, each drop only slightly closer then the 
	 previous one. I finally let the drops fall on the outer lips 
	 of her pussy.  Again, she jumped at the sensation.  I keep
	 alternating between licks and drops. After I have hit both
	 sides of her pussy, I pull apart her lips and let the drops
	 fall directly onto her clit. I lick up the drops gently,
	 trying to be careful not to let her come. 
	 
	 I stood up and watched her for a few minutes waiting for 
	 her to relax. I reached a finger into her pussy, which was 
	 very well lubricated by this time.  After working it in and 
	 out two or three times, I added a second and a third finger.
	 I located her G-spot and massaged it until she was on the
	 edge of an orgasm stopping just short of her getting relief.  
	 I told her that I was going to keep her to her word.  I told
	 her that I would let her come for being a good submissive,  
	 and now she must do anything that I ask. After releasing her 
	 from her ties, I made sure to relax her as I held her in my 
	 arms. We talked until she fell asleep in my arms and I put 
	 her to bed.
	 
	 This is part of the many things we shared together and I
	 genuinely feel that she trusts me as much as I trust her. We
	 are working on seeing each other again in July and will be
	 keeping in touch between that time and now through letters
	 and phone calls. It turns out to be a good thing that we
	 aren't took close in physical miles and works out to my
	 advantage at times.
	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
	 
								      
