         Encounters in the Barracks with an Army Private

     I  had  been  in the Army for about 2  1/2  years,  and  had
entered  as  a PFC (private first class) as opposed to  most  who
start  as PV1 or PV2 (buck privates).    I was just conferred  my
rank as corporal when the company was sent three new recruits.

     We were stationed in Germany,  about 3 miles from the Danish
border,  and so Americans were few and far between.  I found more
hot  and  horny  German  boys that American boys  did  little  to
interest me.

     There  was one recruit just arrived out of Missile  training
school,  his name was Jeff.   He was the cutest thing I had  ever
seen  in my days in the military.   And I knew from the moment  I
had  met  him that I wanted him.    Little did I  know,  that  he
wanted me too.

     We were introduced, and I took a paternal instinctive stance
with  Jeff,  in that he was new,  and needed to be protected from
the more seasoned soldiers.  They were apt to be too hard on him,
due to lack of on the job experience.  So, I tried to lighten the
atmosphere by asking Jeff if he liked Greek food, since there was
a greek restaurant nearby, where I liked to go once in a while.

     He  confided  in me that he had never had  Greek  food,  but
would like to try it,  and so we went.  We had an enjoyable meal,
and then talked a lot together during and afterwards.   We  found
out  that we liked each other,  and Jeff hinted that he liked  me
quite a bit, and would like to get to know me more intimately.

     I  was intrigued,  and told him to come to my quarters later
in the evening for a beer, or something.  He accepted and said he
would be there.

     I  sat  up  and waited in a pair of  tight  running  shorts,
reading  a  book.   He  knocked on my door,  and I  let  him  in.
Looking  to see if no one noticed his coming to my room,  I  shut
the door, and clicked the lock.  He smiled and sat on the bed.

     "Nice room, you are lucky.  I have three others in my room,"
he  said.   I sat next to him on the bedside,  "We can talk  here
without others hearing.   Or would you rather not talk?"  Putting
my hand gently on his lap.  Massaging the rather large bulge that
was obviously growing with each minute.

     Jeff  reached  over and took me in him arms and  kissed  me.
That  was really unexpected!   I shut the curtains  tightly,  and
told him to remain silent as I went over to the door and shut off
the  light switch.   "Try to be really quiet buddy,  we  wouldn't
want  to  get in trouble tonight..." I whispered in  Jeff's  ear,
then  allowed  my  tongue to gently probe  his  smooth  ear.   He
squirmed and then wrapped his arms tightly around my body.

     He  was still in those damned camouflage pants and brown  t-
shirt.   I  was  so used to seeing those stupid uniforms all  day
long,  that I didn't want this hot stud to be in it while we were
together.   "Jeff,  why  don't you get  comfortable.   We're  all
alone.   You can take that uniform off can't you?"  He smiled and
then  nodded.   Taking  his t-shirt off and exposing  his  smooth
chest  and sensuously erotic brown nipples I was getting so  hard
just  looking at him.   I motioned to him to step towards  me,  I
took him in my arms and let my tongue stray over his sexy nipples
flicking it over each one until they were both very hard.  He was
breathing  faster  now,  and his pants were tenting  upwards.   I
undid  the five buttons down the front and slid his  pants  down.
He  kicked off his now-unlaced boots,  and was standing before me
only in his briefs and socks.   I reached down and slid the socks
off of him,  and then stood up next to him as we both pulled each
others' pants off.

     Our  now naked bodies were touching,  and our cocks were  so
damned hard I couldn't wait another second to have him.   He  was
very  sensual,  and took his time though.   No quick fuck did  he
want  from me.   His hands gently caressed the globes of my  ass,
his  fingers  probed my ass-crack as I stared into his  beautiful
grey eyes and I melted.   Jeff was built like a runner,  his body
was lithe,  and his legs were strong and muscular.  His chest was
smooth  and  well  developed with strong biceps  and  triceps  to
compliment  his whole frame.   He wasn't hung like a  horse,  but
wasn't  small  in any way.   His cock was firm and about 6  or  7
inches  long,  and not really thick...a perfect mouthful  though.
The  entire  area  was surrounded with  silky  blond  pubic  hair
nesting  his low slung balls which my fingers were now caressing.
My  lips  pressed  against Jeffs' and our  tongues  entered  each
others' mouths.   They explored the inner areas of our mouths and
lapped gently over one another.   My hand wrapped around his rock
hard  cock and stroked gently.   He moaned  softly,  (remembering
where  we  were),  I  began to slide down kissing  his  neck  and
shoulders.   Licking his beautiful nipples again,  and running my
tongue down the crevice of his stomach to his navel,  rimming the
cute  button  of his stomach and trailing even lower as my  hands
massaged his legs and feet.

     I   aimed  at  my  target,   the  beautiful  object  of   my
desire...his meaty cock,  standing at attention waiting for me to
take him into ecstacy.  I wasn't going to hold back any more.  So
I  plunged onto that cock opening my mouth as wide  as  possible,
taking in as much as possible without gagging.   I took the whole
thing into my mouth as my nose pressed into his blond pubic hair.
I could smell how clean he was,  the smell of freshly washed hair
right under my nose...  His cock tasted good too,  also clean and
fresh--but distinctly like Jeff (not of soap).

     Jeff's  hips thrust upwards to meet the sucking action of my
mouth... I pressed his chest down to let him know that I could do
it without help...  he relaxed and let me do the sucking.   I let
my mouth glide over his cock gently making his body shake up  and
down.   He  was enjoying my work,  and wanted to reciprocate...he
slid  me around and took my balls into his mouth,  and lapped  at
them making me tingle.   Soon he took my cock deep into his mouth
and showed me that he could suck cock like a pro.   I was feeling
so good that I didn't realize that he was getting close,  when  I
got  a spurt of pre-cum on my tongue,  and I savored the precious
liquid then swallowed it.   I began to pay more attention to  the
hot  stud's cock I was sucking on,  and awaited the hot payload I
was about to get.

     Jeff was still running his fingers up and down my  ass-crack
and finally began to probe my asshole.  It felt real good, and so
I  started to suck him a bit faster to signal that I was enjoying
it.  He reached up and took the tube of K-Y that I had pulled out
of my desk drawer earlier,  and greased his index finger with  it
generously.   My  body  pulsed  in joy as his finger  entered  my
asshole!   He knew right where my prostate was!!!  He massaged it
and  I  sucked like there was no tommorrow....I moaned  with  his
cock deep in my throat as I shot what must have been a huge  load
down  his throat,  which he swallowed quickly and licked up as  I
felt  his  cock get stiffer and throb in my  mouth.   I  prepared
myself  for the hot blast of cum that was to fill my mouth twice.
I drank his cum deep into my throat and then we hugged each other
for hours and then fell asleep.

     Luckily  it  was  a weekend,  or we would've had  a  lot  of
trouble.   Jeff woke up first,  and was coming back into the room
from  the shower (he was the cleanest guy I ever met),  and  then
climbed  back  in bed.   In a matter of seconds we were  on  each
other again.

     Our friendship lasted until I returned to the States a  year
later.   Life  without Jeff now is not the same,  but everytime I
take a shower....
