"Baseball jocks in the locker-room!"

I was just entering college and was fortunate enough in that my 
college required an phys. ed. course each semester until 
graduation.  I chose baseball.  Ever since I could remember, I fantasized 
about being in the locker-room with a bunch of baseball players just 
after a hard game in the middle of August.  I remember the coach 
saying at the introduction to the class, that everyone had to wear 
jockstraps, and that there would be a daily jock-check, to insure 
it.  There was no problem, since nearly all the guys had been jocks 
in high-school.

I was once coming into the locker-room after a game and was ready 
to go to my locker to strip and take a shower.  It was really 
hard for me to be in that locker-room, since I'm gay and all the 
guys were beefy jocks, who had not an sliver of fat on their 
muscular, tanned, and fucking hardbodies.  It was difficult to 
contain my hard-on, although my BIKE cup did a good job of 
conceiling it well, at least until I got to the shower and had to 
take my cup and jockstrap off.  The first day I showered, nearly 
every guy gave me either a weird look or smiled.  The ones who 
smiled, fuck I knew they had to be fags like me, and fuck was I 
glad 'cause that day I was ready to get me some jock-wrapped 
cock!

Everyone was down to their gym-grey colored, sweat soaked t-shirts and 
jockstraps!  The t-shirts were tight, not only because of the sweat, but 
also because of their tight muscles which strained against the fabric.  
The t-shirts came down just above the groin area, which let everyone see 
those jockstrap pouches and the leg straps framing a sweaty, yet hot and 
muscular butt!  Finally, the class catcher came around to the pitcher and 
looked straight into his steel-blue eyes saying, "Dude, I'm fucking horny 
let's get it on."

Every player stared at the show as the guy slowly sanks to his knees and 
started to lick the other guy's pouch, from then on all we heard from the 
guy being blown were moans of ecstasy.  All the other players took their 
cocks out and began stroking them.  The air in the locker-room was a 
mixture of smells: piss, sweat and cum.  Yes, this episode had happened 
countless times before and now the floor was going to be extremely 
slippery.  The guy standing up getting a blowjob from his catcher was 
so fucking turned on that he was about to come.  His 
powerful and strong, muscular legs start to buckle as the waves of orgasm 
start to hit him.  The catcher increased his sucking as well as his 
pressure, and soon the guy being blown was all but screaming in 
pleasure, "Fuck, I'm gonna blow...I...uh..uh..AAAAAAHHHHHHHHH"  Finally, 
he came.  The catcher took his mouth away from his cock and licked the 
underside of his cock to finish him off. 

All you could see were jets of hot, creamy cum gushing out of the head of 
the guys's cock.  He must have come gallons in what seemed to be an 
eternity.  The atmosphere in the locker-room was now chummy and some guys 
went into circle jerks, while the others formed foursome and threesomes.

Two hours later after everyone had had their pleasure we cleaned off and 
aggreed to go to one of the player's house, all the team, where the 
entire night was spent with the bases loaded and homeruns every moment.

End of Chapter -ONE-

Look forward to the next episode of my story.  It promises to be 
hot...here's a peek into what's next...

Scott head to the restroom where he joins Erik and Brad for some 
fun...the whole team get together with a bunch of ROTC friends for some 
cross-disciplinary training...Jocks and Marines what could be more fun?!
