

                               The Bastards!
                                    by
                           <<*>>Black Cloak<<*>>

    It was an ordinary Saturday morning, just afer 12:00 pm, when Garry
woke up.  He groaned in bed, while lying on his stomach.  "Huh? Oh CHRIST,
not now! I don't wanna get up!" The fact for this was, well, a call of
nature.  He turned over to lie on his back, and under the sheets his dick
was at full mast.  He threw the sheets off himself, and rubbed his cock.
"Fuck that, I'll just go for a piss, and I'll be right on track for the
rest of the day."  He got up went to bathroom took a piss, and his
hornyness was depleted.  Went back to his room, got dressed.  Next thing
on the list, breakfast and give Mike a call.

"RIIING....RIIING....RIIING...."
"Click..."
"Hello?"
"Ya Mike! What the fuck are up to?"
"This is Mike's mother.  He's not up yet."
"Oh! I'm sorry Mrs Jones! I thought it was Mike.  Can you wake him up please?"
"Yes, one minute please..."
The phone receiver is put down, and Garry hears in the background;
"Mike...Mike honey! Wake up, it's Garry!"
"Okay, got it! Hangup the other phone mom!"
"Hi Mike! Rise and shine." The receiver on the other end hangs up.
"What the big idea of wakin' me up at this hour?" replies Mike with
frustration.
"C'mon! Don't tell me you've forgotten already! Remember last night?
Sandy and Mindy?"
"That's right! Were supposed to them at their place! Chirst, we've only got
a half-hour to get there!"
"Don't worry! Get ready, and I'll pick you up in about ten minutes.  Hurry it
up though. I'm not gonna be late because of you!"
"I'll be ready." replied Mike. "Just got to put a pair of pants on and..."
"Ya, ya.. stop yakin' and get ready! Were late enough as it is!"

Garry hangs up the phone, grabs his keys and rushes out of his appartment. 
Garry, still a teenager, makes it down three flights of stairs in 15
seconds. "New record,"  Garry mutters to himself as he approaches the garage.
He unlocks the car door of his new Pontiac Sunbird, and climbs in.  He
looks into the mirror.  Garry a young adult of seventeen, blond hair, blue
eyes, and very handsome.  One of those regular football types with broad
shoulders, and a huge sexual appetite(you know, the same ones in the
States, like Florida and California).  He combes his hair, puts it away,
and starts the engine.  "Purrin' like a kitten!", Garry comments to himself.

To make along story short, he get's to Mike's house, picks him up, and
get's to Sandy's house.  They knock on the door, and after a bit, Sandy
answers.  Sandy is a beautiful blond with green eyes, and a mysterious sort
of radiance about her.  She invites both of them in.  
"Where's Mindy, Sandy?" Garry asks.
"She went shopping.  She said she'd be back in about an hour. For the
meantime, make yourselves comfortable, 'cause I know I will!" and with
that, she takes of her blouse revealing her plump, round, titties! 
"WOAH!" Mike screamed in delight with such force that his voice jumped up a
few octaves higher in the middle of that exclamation.
Mike, a brunnet himself, with brown eyes, and well built body, starts
ripping of his sweatshirt!

    "That goes double for me!", Garry exclaimed and started undressing
himself.  Sandy cuddled up close to Mike.  She sat on his lap and started
carresing his naked chest.  She ran her fingers through his dark hair, and
felt his arms. She giggled, "My, what big muscles you have!", and continued
to carress him. Mike in turn placed his hands on her sumptuous breasts. 
GOD they were BIG! Mike almost couldn't keep a steady hand! He leaned over
and started licking her nipples.  So soft at first, then harder.  He
started to squeeze them, gently bite them, and while he was pre-occupied
with this, Sandy was slowly unzipping him.

    Garry in the meantime was watching all of this happen while he was
getting undressed.  Garry started to stroke his long, but limp cock.  Sandy
looked over at Garry and Garry said, "Suck on my cock Sandy! I wanna feel
your tongue!" Sandy got off Mike who was now in the process of taking off
his pants.  Sandy was now standing in front of Garry.  Garry put his
muscular hand on her head and started to push her down, but slowly. 
Garry even more handsome than Mike had a much stronger affect on Sandy.
She started kissing every part of Garry's body she could get her lips
on! First, his chest.  Such a build that would drive any girl crazy!
Garry had an abundance of muslces which he flexed to induce pleasure on
Sandy.  Garry stopped pushing her down when she was about midway down
his chest.  Sandy then proceeded to lick Garry's nipples, and feel his
strong muscular arms. 
Garry having a free hand started carressing Sandy's breasts.  Sandy, now
aroused, her nipples were very firm.  Garry started rubbing his fingers on
her nipples, while Sandy moaned in delight.  After Garry was satisfied with
the work that Sandy had completed on his chest, he started pushing her
downwards again.

    Mike by this time had finished undressing, and was now surveying Garry
and Sandy.  Sandy was now facing Garry's cock.  It was semi-erect, due to
the carressing, but the job was only half done.  Sandy started carressing
Garry's long cock.  Garry then took hold of his cock and slapped it gently
all over Sandy's face.  Sandy, unable to resist the temptation any longer,
placed Garry's cock in her ever-longing mouth.  Garry moaned with delight
and started petting Sandy's head.  In the meantime, Mike had achieved a
hard-on by this time, watching all the action those two were creating.  He
told Sandy to go on fours.  Mike approached Sandy, and... 

    Mike approached Sandy and looked her over.  What a sight! Mike
shuddered at the thought of what was going to happen.  He slapped Sandy's
perfectly round rump.  "MMMMPH!" Sandy moaned while she was giving Garry
head.  Garry started moving his hips back and forth, slowly pumping his
dick in Sandy's mouth which was now rock-hard from Sandy's luscious
tongue.  Mike, being a little of the S&M type, started spanking Sandy.  Her
cheeks turned from a Golden-Brown Tan to a Rosy-Pink.  "She took Garry's
hot cock out of her mouth and shouted, "That's it BIG DADDY! Spank your bad
little girl!"

    Mike hearing this started spanking Sandy with incredible force.  Sandy
moaned and cried out, "I'm ready for the big gun, big guy!"
"Not yet bitch," cried out Mike.  "I wanna make you BEG for it!" and with
that, he started licking Sandy's Rosy buns.  Sandy took hold of Garry's
cock and started rubbing it all over her face.  Garry, getting a little
tired of this, grabbed Sandy's hair with force and forced his cock into
her mouth.
"C'mon whore! Suck me good!!" Garry exclaimed with a macho persona.  Sandy
chocked and gasped for air, but Garry wouldn't let up! He just kept pumping
with force!  Mike, on the other end was slowly fingering Sandy's wet
pussy.  She was literally dripping with cum.  Mike got under her and
started eating her out.  He took two of his fingers and shoved them right
up Sandy's cunt.  Juices flowed, and Mike was there to collect.  


Mike licked them up like a mad dog.  He took out his fingers and used his
tongue, licking her clit! Sandy was overwhelmed with passion, for she
liked nothing more than a man taking over in her sexual fantasies!

    Garry started to slow down.  "Use your tongue, slut!" he said with an
equally authorative voice, but less demanding.  Sandy started to work
Garry's shaft over.  She ran her tongue slowly all over Garry's head first,
then started licking the tip.  "That's it Sandy! Lick it good! Keep this up
for a few more minutes, and you'll be drenched with my juice!" By this
time, Mike had finished his meal and got up.  He slapped her buns again,
and grabbed his cock.  He stroke his dick and RAMMED THE FUCKER UP SANDY'S
MUFF! Sandy errupted in tortured screams! She almost swallowed Garry's
dick!

    Garry, now reaching his sexual climax, took out his rock-hard cock
which was now red from the blood rush, and started pumping in front of
Sandy's face.  Sandy, her face wet from tears, sweat, and mostly from
slapping Garry's wet member all over her face, was now sobbing and moaning.
Mike started pumping Sandy with viscious force, and Sandy moaned with
sexual enjoyment.  "AAAH! It's coming!!!" screamed Garry in a conflict
which seemed to be between pain and pleasure! In an instant, Garry's hot
cum was spurting all over Sandy's face.  "That's it," Sandy
exclaimed while sticking her tongue out to catch the ejaculating semen,
"cum all over my face!" Half a minute later, Sandy's face was dripping wet
from Garry's hot love juice! Garry stopped masturbating and brought his hot
throbbing cock near Sandy's face.  
    "Suck it clean whore!" said Garry, and Sandy went to work on licking up
every drop of cum that Garry let off.  Mike, satisfied pumping Sandy got
up.  He went over to the couch and came back with a knap-sack.  He opened
up the knap-sack, and took out a blindfold.  He told Sandy to stop giving
Garry head for a sec and get up.  Garry was not pleased with this, but
nevertheless yielded to Mike.  Mike then started blindfolding Sandy.
    "What the fuck are you doing Mike?" she asked inquisitively.
    "Well, what I'm gonna do is blindfold you like this see, and then
you'll put you hand into this bag, and pick out a suprise!"
    "Ooooo! A surprise?!? I love surprises! Okay, I'm ready!"
    "Allright, here's the bag.  Dig right in!" And with that, Sandy placed
her hand in the bag.

    Mike took off the blindfold.  Sandy let out a enthusiastic scream. She
had pulled out a whip!! "Oh, goody," she said mockingly, "I'm gonna get
whipped for lust!" She looked over at Garry to see if he caught on to her
joke.  Garry had a smile allright, but not the kind Sandy was looking for.
"You CAN'T BE SERIOUS!" Sandy replied with a worried look on her face.
Mike looked over at Garry and started to laugh, and so did Garry.  Sandy,
horrified at this began to head for the couch.  She was quickly intercepted
by Mike who still had the Blindfold in his hand.  Sandy tried to scream,
but Mike muffled her by covering her mouth.  Garry came by Mike's side and
grabbed Sandy's hands in a tight grip.  The whip dropped out of Sandy's
hold.  Mike took his hands away from Sandy's mouth.
    She screamed, "You fucken' bastards! If you don't let me go right now,
I'll..."  Mike quickly took the Blindfold and wrapped it on Sandy's mouth
tightly, and tied a knot on the back of Sandy's head.  "MMMPH!" Sandy said,
trying to speak.
    "Nice try Sandy baby," replied Mike, "but it's no good! Me and Garry
are gonna have a finger-licking good time with you!"  Mike bent over and
picked up the whip.  As he began unwinding it, he told Garry, "Get her
ready..."  Mike moved out of the way, and stood in front the couch, slowly
unwinding the whip.  Garry, still holding Sandy in his grip, leaned over
towards the knap-sack to get some rope.  


Unfortunately, he wasen't looking, and Sandy 'kneed' him in the chest.
Garry groaned and and squeezed Sandy's hands to inflict pain.
    "MMMMMph!", Sandy moaned with a high-pitched tone.
Garry got the rope, got up, and slapped Sandy's face, "Don't you EVER do
that to me again bitch, 'cause you're gonna pay for what you did!"
Mike heard what was going on, looked over his shoulder, and then turned
back, examining the whip, and stroking his dick.  Garry quickly tied
Sandy's hands behind her back.  Garry pushed Sandy down on the floor. 
He looked at Sandy and said, "You even think of kicking me with you feet
bitch, and you'll be black and blue from Mike's whip!" Garry then sat down
on the floor, and spread Sandy's legs.  Sandy eyed him with caution.  Garry
extended two fingers, sucked on them, and then took them out.  Having wet
fingers, he started stroking Sandy's pussy.  It was soft as silk, and she
was already wet with cum.

    Mike now decided to watch the action.  He sat down on the couch,
stroking his cock, with the whip beside him.  Garry was stroking Sandy's
cunt, but oh soo slowly.  Garry kept this up for a bit, and after a while,
Sandy started enjoying it, forgetting Garry's cruel treatment a few minutes
before.  Though as time passed, Sandy was beginning to get annoyed
because that's all Garry did! He just kept stroking.  She started moaning,
and Garry smiled.  He took a finger and slowly intruded into Sandy's wet
cunt.  Sandy let out a long moan.  Garry started moving his finger in and
out, slowly and Sandy was almost hypnotized as she moved her head left and
right in sync with Garry's finger.  Garry then took out his finger and
Sandy stopped moving.  Garry got up, and took Sandy's legs and put them on
his shoulders.  He stroked Sandy's pussy.  Sandy couldn't wait anymore, she
wanted to get fucked.  Garry, took a look back at Mike, and smiled
maliciously.  Mike exchanged the smile.  Then the complete unexpected
happened.  Garry took his dick, and shoved it right up Sandy's ass! Sandy
screamed so loud, that she almost lost her voice! The pain was
excruciating! Garry looked at Sandy, laughed a gentle but with a somewhat
evil undertone and said, "I'm gonna make you bleed bitch!" Sandy, now
started thrashing her head about, and the rest of her body was more or less
paralyzed with the pain! Garry started pumping her.  She was feeling such
pain, that it almost put her in a comatose state! She started daydreaming;
about her and Garry running across a field, in love.  Then she woke up from
that daydream, and came back to the pain.  Garry was in full swing now, and
Sandy was moaning like mad! Garry then stopped, and took out his dick. 
Immediately, Sandy's ass tightened.  Garry then rolled over Sandy on her
stomach.  He headed towards Mike which was surveying all this time.  Mike
got up, picked up his whip and headed towards Sandy.  Sandy, her head on
the side, saw Mike coming with the whip.  Tears were running down her
cheeks.  Mike unrolled the whip and whipped it a few times in the air. 
Sandy, maddened by the sound, started letting out viscious moans and
screams as best as she could.  Mike readied the whip.  Sandy seeing
this, was rendered unconsious! He lifted his hand high ready to strike,
when...

    "Ding Dong." 
    "Crap!" said Mike.  "So FUCKEN CLOSE!!!", and threw down the whip in
anger.  He went over to the door, and looked through the peep-hole.  Low
and behold, it was Mindy with the groceries! 
    "Come on Sandy, open up! I see your eye! Hurry up, these bags are
heavy!" Garry snicked from the couch.  Mike looked over at Garry and
frowned.
    "Let's get the fuck outta here! She'll call the cops on us!" Mike and
Garry scrambled for their clothes.
    "Sandy! Can you hear me?" She rang the doorbell again.  Garry and Mike
got their pants on, and slid on their shirts.  Mike got the knap-sack and
the whip.  He chucked the whip in the bag, closed it, and approached Sandy.


    "Bye babe. It was good for me, was it good for you?" Mike said with a
diabolical laugh, knowing that Sandy was unable to reply.  She gave her one
good whack on her buns, and proceeded to leave with Garry.  Just as he
was leaving Sandy, that slap on her buns awakened her!
    "Sandy, are you okay?" yelled Mindy.  "Great, just what I need! I
thought she'd be hear waiting for Garry and Mike to show!"
    "MMMMPH!" Sandy screamed as loud as possible.
    "Oh-oh!" Garry remarked and started running for the back door.  Mindy,
now hearing Sandy's moan, became extremely worried!
She dropped the groceries and started banging on the door, while yelling
hysterically, "Hold on Sandy, I'm coming!" Mike and Garry got to the back
door.  They opened it and started to exit when they heard a shatter.  Mindy
had broken the window, and started climbing through!  Garry and Mike got
out the back door, down the back porch and around the house.  They booted
it to the car which was a block up from Sandy's house.  

    Garry nervously fumbled the keys, and opened the door.  He jumped in,
opened the door for Mike from the inside, and started the engine.  Mike
got in, threw the knap-sack in the backseat, and locked his door.  Garry
pulled out from the curve and started driving.  He started going down the
block when he passed Sandy & Mindy's house.  He slowed down hearing
screams emitting from inside.
    He heard Mindy conforting Sandy, "It's okay Sandy, it's allright.  Hold
tight, while I call the cops!" Garry accelarated.  He dropped Mike off at
his house, then proceded home.  He parked in his garage, took the elevator
upstairs, and opened the door to his appartment.  He got in, ate lunch,
took a shower, then crawled into bed.
    Just before he went to sleep, he thought to himself, "Man, what a
workout!"
                                  The End
                                                                                                                      
