 - Batgirl And Robin - by Ann Douglas E-mail: annd@pop.tiac.net


".......and on the social scene, Gotham's best and brightest will be found
at the Gotham Civic Center later tonight for Mayor Caruso's Annual
Children's Benefit. The premiere event of the season, women the city over
are still vying for a last minute invitation to what promises to be the
most exciting night since......"

The voice of the radio announcer brought a cheerful smile to Barbara Gordon
as she again let the warmth of the overhead shower splash across her
breasts. Not only was she one of the fortunate few who would be going to
the Mayor's Benefit in a few hours time, she would be escorted by a member
of the short list of Gotham City's most eligible bachelors. - Edward
Kendall. In fact, when the current list had come out last January,
Kendall's name had appeared right below those of Isoruko Yamaguci and
Bruce Wayne.

Edward Kendall was the rising star of the City Council. Well educated at
the finest schools both in this country and overseas, the 32 year old was
both handsome and charming. The great grandson of "Black Jack" Kendall,
Gotham's legendary turn of the century Mayor, Edward Kendall was expected
to be a front runner in the next Mayoral election a mere two years away.

Running a soapy washrag between her legs, Barbara recalled her first
meeting with Ed a mere four weeks before. It had been a Friday afternoon
and she was waiting outside City Hall for her father, Police Commissioner
James Gordon. As was their custom, they were going to have an early dinner
together.

Barbara was greatly surprised when Ed had come up to her and introduced
himself. She had seen him before of course, having attending many city
functions with her father. He told her that he was a big supporter of her
father and the job he'd done with the Police Department over the years.
When James Gordon had finally appeared and told her that he'd be unable to
have dinner, Ed had quickly offered to take his place.

Rising the last of the shampoo out of her hair, Barbara would've been hard
pressed to remember what either of them had for dinner that evening. All
she could recall of their first date was how deep were the blue of his eyes
and how he never seemed to take them off of her. That and the fact that he
had asked her out on a real date the following evening.

One date led to another and it wasn't long before Barbara's name was linked
to Ed's in the gossip columns. Truth was that the image of a couple didn't
really match the reality. It seemed like there was always something that
got in the way. As one of the city's shakers and movers, Ed Kendall was
always on 24 hour call. Then there was of course, Barbara's somewhat
unusual hobby to add to the problem.

Given the current state of her personal life, again mostly due to the
rather unusual way the 23 year old redhead spent most of her nights, the
last month had seemed almost like a dream. Barbara's last relationship had
ended almost nine months ago, her lover finally getting fed up with her
many sudden disappearances. She truly hoped that this time, the
relationship would have a more promising future.

Drying herself in front of the steam covered mirror, Barbara took a few
moments to take stock of herself. She carefully examined the tiny mound of
red hair she had so carefully trimmed before getting in the shower. If
things worked out this evening as she planned, Ed would have a more than
ample opportunity to appreciate her handiwork.

Next her attention shifted to the image of her upper body, particularly
that of her soft firm breasts. While not exceeding large, they stood on
their own without support and even she had to admit they were near perfect
globes. She played with the pert nipples for a few moments, smiling as
they sprang to life. They had always been very sensitive and given her
current state of arousal, it took only a soft touch to bring them to
erectness.

It had been quite some time since Barbara had enjoyed the feel of a man
tight against her. There was only so much satisfaction she could get from
her fingers or the small battery powered vibrator she kept hidden in her
night table. Lately it seemed like every sensual touch sent her hormones
raging.

Most people still tended to think of her as the skinny little girl who had
her nose buried in the books when she graduated High School five years ago.
The conservative wardrobe she wore as the Deputy Chief of Research at the
Main Branch of the Gotham City Library held maintain that image. In
actuality, ever since her first day in College, Barbara had spent as much
time in the gym as in the library. The result being a lean yet muscular
athletic form.

A form that unhappily, Edward had of yet only had a sampling of.
Hopefully, tonight that was going to change.

Remembering the limo ride home from the hockey game a few nights ago sent a
warm flush through Barbara's body. Ed had a passion for hockey that was
second only to his passion for politics. During the special exhibition
game, Barbara had watched the normally reserved Councilman jump and shout
like a little boy. It was a fire she was determined to keep burning as the
night went on.

It had been late and the night was warm. A few kisses quickly led to more
adventurous actions and it wasn't long before Barbara's dress was down
around her waist and Ed was partaking of her delights. Surprised to find
herself as horny as a high school girl, Barbara had her hand down his pants
and was unzipping them to demonstrate her oral skills only to be
interrupted by the loud chimes of his cellular phone.

A rather large water main break in his district had brought the evening to
an abrupt end, leaving a rather aroused Barbara forced to take of herself
that evening.

Smiling at herself in the mirror, Barbara was determined that tonight would
have a much different ending. And it wouldn't be in the back seat of a
limousine, no many how plush. She had already reserved a room for them at
the Carlton Arms, one of the finest hotels in the city. A late midnight
dinner with herself as desert.

"Babs, honey." the naked woman said to her reflection in a mirthful voice.
"You are definitely a woman who needs to get laid!"

Once in her bedroom, Barbara carefully laid out the gown she'd borrowed for
the evening. A stunning emerald gown, it was far more than she could've
ever afforded. It had been a gift from once of her closest and oldest
friends, Sara Lynn Collins.

The outfit was rather daring, and Barbara was certainly not was well
endowed as Sara Lynn. Still, it would make the most of what she had,
especially after her friend had it altered to fit her. Barbara had
protested at first but Sara Lynn had insisted. After all, it's not like
I'm going to get any more invitations to all those society functions, she
had proclaimed. So if Barbara didn't take it, it was going to wind up
going to Goodwill.

Barbara smiled at the thought of this designer original handing on a dummy
in the window of a second hand shop. Sara Lynn would've done it too. she
had that kind of sense of humor. That's why they had been friends for so
long, ever since they had meet in freshman year of high school. In fact, it
was Sara Lynn who was responsible for her getting the coveted job at the
Gotham Main Library right out of college. Her father sat on the Board of
Trustees and wouldn't deny his little girl anything. That was of course
before Daddy's little girl had announced to the world that she preferred
other women over men, sending a shock wave thought their social set. Most
of her friends had deserted her, but Barbara had stood fast. A few
snickered that it was because the mousy librarian had her own lesbian
attraction to the knockout blonde. In truth, Barbara simply didn't see any
reason why she should lose so good a friend simply because she preferred
bedmates of the same gender. Mentally, she reminded herself to write Sara
Lynn a thank you note it the morning, letting her know how the night turned
out.

Laid out next to the sheer green outfit was a pair of the sexiest bra and
panties Barbara could find. They were expensive as well, but at least
still within her means. The bra, what little there was of it, would be
near invisible beneath her evening gown. The real benefit of it would be
when that dress came off. Likewise, the panties would barely cover even
her tightly trimmed red hair, not to mention the open slit in the center.

Putting on the lingerie, Barbara quickly realized that both pieces were as
fragile as they looked. As much as she had paid for them, they would
probably only last a single wearing. Well she thought with a smile, they
only have to last until morning. The smile turned to a wicked grin as she
amended that thought to only "halfway to morning."

"Beep .... beep ... beep .... beep ... beep..."

"Oh damn!" Barbara said out loud as the unexpected sound of her beeper
suddenly sounded from her night table. "Not now."

The Senior Administrator for the Library was away for the weekend and it
was Barbara's turn to be on call. Hopefully, it was something that a quick
phone call would take care of.

Quickly she crossed the room, picked up the beeper and looked at the
digital display. Her green eyes opened wide when she saw the message.

"Oh shit, not now!" she exclaimed.

In appearance, the small black beeper was like all the other Waynetech
pagers carried by the library staff. But if you were to take it apart, the
microcircuitry would tell a different tale. Aside from being coded to
receive messages for Barbara Gordon, a secondary circuit had been installed
to allow her to intercept messages sent on a private unauthorized
frequency. Coded so that only the recipient would understand the message,
the translation sent a chill through Barbara's near naked form.

For a second time she scrolled the message, until there was no way she
could ignore the meaning. It was an emergency signal. A simple two digit
code followed by a set of coordinates. Built into the small unit was a
receiver for a global positioning system that was accurate to a couple of
hundred feet. What she found surprising was that the end of the message
was missing. There was no sender id.

"I guess it could be a mistake." The redhead said to herself, knowing full
well that she didn't believe it. It was just a failed attempt to allow her
keep the fantasy that her evening wasn't ruined for a few more seconds.

There was no question of her ignoring the signal. No thought that someone
else would surely respond. That decision had been made two years before on
the night of the annual Policeman's Costume Ball. The details as fresh in
her mind as they had been that cold night.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

It was going to be a surprise for her father. It had started out as simple
as that. Image the look on the Police Commissioner's face when midnight
came and the mask of the girl in the Batgirl costume came off to reveal his
own daughter. Wouldn't that be something.

But fate had a way of intervening. Enroute to the ball she'd had car
trouble and because of it was a little late. She almost didn't notice the
limousine pulled off the road. When she did, there hadn't been any thought
of ignoring someone who needed help. She'd been brought up with a strong
sense of public service.

It turned out that the car wasn't broken down, it had been forced off the
road. Barbara had stumbled into an attempted kidnapping. Without a
thought for her own safety, the girl in the purple and gold costume jumped
into the fray. The hours spent in the gym and dojo paid off as she quickly
dispatched two of the five assailants. To both her surprise and relief,
the intended victim and his chauffeur suddenly came to life and overcame
the remaining thugs. Not the sort of thing she would've expected of a man
of Bruce Wayne's reputation.

Barbara couldn't believe the incredible rush she'd gotten during the fight.
That and the sense of satisfaction that she'd made a difference.

It brought to mind a night when she was 16 and spied into the library to
see her father conferring with The Batman. The teenage had been totally
infatuated with the dark cloaked crusader. He stood 6'2" with a physique
that no amount of Hollywood padding could duplicate. Barbara sat there in
the dark, listening to his deep tones. Her father had described The Batman
many times to her, but no description could match the reality. The people
of Gotham were of many minds about the Darknight, but no one could ever
question the fact that he did indeed make a difference.

The memory fresh in her mind, she didn't hesitate when the millionaire
playboy had ask her name.

"You can call me Batgirl." she'd said with a smile before disappearing
into the night.

Yet to this day, she had never really understood the silly smile on Bruce
Wayne's face as she said those words. It was as if he was enjoying some
private joke.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"Might as well get this over with." Barbara said to herself after pausing
for the few moments it'd taken for all those memories to rush through her
mind.

The call to Ed Kendall had been both brief and loud. The Councilman was
somewhat unsatisfied with Barbara's statement that an emergency had come up
that forced her to cancel their date, and no she couldn't really explain
what the emergency was. During the brief conversation, Barbara got the
distinct impression that Ed was more upset that he had to go to the dinner
solo rather than being concerned that she had some sort of unknown problem.
When his car passed into a tunnel and cut off the cellular signal, Barbara
let out a sigh of relief. Tomorrow she'd make it all right again.

Dropping the phone back on the cradle, Barbara immediately pulled her city
street atlas off the bookshelf and opened it to the coordinates contained
in the emergency signal.

"Craig and Yvonne." she said to herself and a manicured finger traced the
outline of the intersection of the large map. "Only about a mile from
here."

Leaving the book where it lay, Barbara quickly began to change clothes.
Already, her mind was shifting gears, putting her into what she always
eferred to as her "combat mode".

Quickly replacing the delicate underwear with a solid plain white sports
bra and panties, Barbara walked up to the natural brick rear wall of her
apartment and pressed on a loose brick on the bottom row. With a soft
sliding sound of brick against brick, a small three foot section of the
wall gave way. Behind it was a small room leading to an abandoned freight
elevator. When the building was built back in the 1920's, the first floor
had been a notorious speakeasy. The hidden room and elevator had been used
for storage in case of a raid.

About the size of a walk in closet, a function that later tenants had used
it for, it was just large enough for a small changing table. Hanging on a
hook on the wall was a modified version of that purple and gold costume
she'd worn to the costume ball.

Quickly she donned it, enjoying the feel of the soft lycra against her
flesh. The costume itself had been a gift from The Batman after she had
helped save the life of an visiting official last year. Identical to her
original costume, both the cape and key parts of the costume itself had
reinforced sections of a lightweight kelvar compound. As effective as the
large bulky vests worn by Gotham's Finest, the material was incredibly
expensive. Barbara had once figured it out and if she'd paid for the
costume it would've been over five thousand dollars. Stored in a foot
locker under the table was a duplicate suit. She sometimes wondered if
Batman actually paid for the outfits or someone made them for him free.
Perhaps someone he'd helped at some time or another.

Adjusting the gold utility belt around her waist, Barbara then reached for
her cowl which rested on a Styrofoam head. Inside the cowl was a shoulder
length red haired wig, of a color just a few shades darker than her own
natural hair. Just another part of the illusion. Once that was securely
in place, she took a final moment to check her reflection in the full
length mirror attached to the wall. Batgirl was ready to roll.

Closing the small brick door before heading down the freight elevator,
Batgirl took a fleeting last look at the unworn gown draped across her bed.

"Another night, Babs." she sighed to herself.

Two minutes later the Bat-Cycle roared into the warm night air, exiting one
of the maze of interconnecting alleys behind her building. Her gold and
purple cape flapped in the breeze as she headed toward the waterfront.
Batgirl loved the feel of the wind in her face, almost as mush as she
normally loved the vibration of the powerful engine between her legs.
Tonight, the oscillation only helped to add to her frustrations. Turning
into a side street, she tried to concentrate and focused her thoughts on
finding the source of the emergency signal. She suddenly remembered her
father mentioning that The Batman was out of town for a few days. Could
the signal be some kind of trap? Should she call for a police back-up?

"I guess I'd better decide." she said to herself as she pulled her cycle
to a sudden stop.

Once, long ago, the neighborhood was a bustling center of commerce. That
was in the days when Gotham Harbor was filled with ships bringing goods to
and from the far corners of the globe. Now all that stood in mute testament
to those days were two long abandoned warehouses on opposite corners. Each
had a few lights showing through dirty windows. The signal could've come
from either one.

Pondering her decision for a few moments, Batgirl decided to check out the
situation before hitting the panic button. A faded sign over the closest
building read Pennyworth Imports, as good a place to start as any.

Cement blocks sealed the main entrance, so walking through the front door
was definitely out. Not that she had ever planned that approach. The four
story building had a fire escape, but it looked too dilapidated to even
hold her weight.

"Guess I'll have to do this the hard way." Batgirl said to herself.

Removing a small but powerful air gun from her utility belt, Batgirl fitted
it with a grappling hook and silk line. A soft pop filled the air as a
powerful air cartridge sent the three sided metal attachment high up into
the air until it cleared the upper ledge of the dark building. A quick
pull on the line sent the hook skidding across the roof until it attached
itself to a drain pipe. After a hard tug which assured the purple suited
heroine that it would support her weight, she took a deep breath and began
to walk up the wall.

Pausing at the first lighted window on the second floor, Batgirl glanced
inside - the room was empty. Quickly she moved onward and upward.

Batgirl had lost track of the number of windows she'd spied into over the
last few years of nocturnal patrols. How many windows and the secrets they
held. But among the hundreds, two would always stand out in her memory.

The first occurred only a blocks from her own apartment. She was climbing
over the rooftops on Douglas Street when she realized she was passing the
apartment of her supervisor, Donna Latore. The temptation to look inside
proved too much to resist.

Imagine her shock when she spied three women laying nude on the living room
floor, hotly engaged in a demonstration of lesbian lust. It was all
Batgirl could do to pull herself away from the large bay window when she
recognized the graying woman in the center of the threeway as Donna. She
had never been able to look at her since then without having that image
come to mind.

The second had been just a few weeks ago when she was crossing the balcony
of an exclusive west side apartment house. She'd spotted a figure in black
coming out of one of the other apartments and had taken off after him. At
first she'd only glanced inward for a second, but what she'd witnessed
caused her to stop and look again.

Sitting on the couch that faced the balcony doors was a boy who couldn't be
more than 16 years old. He was totally nude. Kneeling in front of him was
a gray haired, heavy set woman who was equally naked. Forgetting for the
moment all about the burglar, Batgirl watched for the longest time as the
40ish woman took the boy into her mouth and performed an energetic oral act
which soon erupted in a messy climax. Then, her face covered with the
milky white residue, the woman kissed the boy hotly, replacing his now
softening cock with a more than eager tongue. Before vanishing in the
night, Batgirl couldn't help but note that both boy and woman bore more
than a passing resemblance to each other.

Only a week later, Barbara was reading the social pages of the Gotham Times
when she saw a photograph of both of them, this time impeccably clothed.
The caption read, Mrs. Diane Worthington, shown here with her son, Roger,
was one of the Mothers of the Year honored by the Daughters of the
Revolution at their annual awards dinner. It was almost a half hour before
she could stop laughing.

Her thoughts again turned serious as she neared the third floor and the
second lit window. Inside was a table covered with an empty pizza box and
several take out cartons. Not that unusual, it could belong to a watchman.
Some of these old building still had them to help prevent squatters.

That idea quickly faded when she saw the dark shape of an uzi machine
pistol hanging over the chair. Not exactly standard issue for a rent a
cop.

Batgirl jerked back and flattened against the ledge as a shadow passed
across the window. Her move was instinctive, sudden enough that she was
sure she hadn't been seen. She waited a few moments, then carefully peered
inside once more. There was no sign of the dark figure and the weapon no
longer hung across the back of the chair.

"Maybe I should called for that backup after all." she thought to herself.

Her hand slid down to the compartment of her utility belt to were she
normally carried her batcomlink. All she had to do was switch to the
secondary band and the emergency signal she broadcast would also be picked
up by the police.

"Oh shit!" Batgirl said to herself as she held the small transmitter in
her hand and pressed the transmit button.

Long seconds passed as she watched the LED display flash red instead of
green. The batteries were dead. She was on her own.

"Mother always said there'd be days like this." she said to herself in a
false bravado.

With a shrug of her shoulders, the caped woman pressed away from the ledge
and continued her journey upward. Her original plan still held, the best
place to enter the building would be the roof.

The lock on the roof door was so rotten that it only took a hard kick to
knock it open. Silently she made her way down the stairwell, taking a few
moments to familiarize herself with the layout of the building. This came
in the form of an old fire department evacuation plan that still hung in a
shattered case on the fourth floor wall.

The top two floors of Pennyworth Imports was all office space and from the
look of the layers of dust on the floor had been unoccupied for years. The
third floor, the one on which Batgirl had seen that shadow consisted of one
room offices that lined a balcony set up. If you stood at the railing you
could look down at the vast open storage area of the first floor below.

Stealthily, Batgirl made her way around the balcony perimeter, staying low
enough so that she couldn't be seen from below.

Half way around the perimeter, Batgirl could hear the sound of voices below
her. They were too unintelligible to be understood, but gave her a
direction. Practically crawling, she moved toward them.

The voices became clearer and louder as she neared what had once been the
loading dock. Clearing the last corner, she was able to look down and see
the speakers.

"Robin!" Batgirl exclaimed under her breath as she spotted the red and
green figure handing from an overhead support beam.

The Teen Wonder was handcuffed and gagged, but he didn't appear to be hurt.
Batgirl removed a small pair of high powered binoculars from her belt. The
glasses had been a gift from her father on her last birthday after she had
mentioned that she was planning to take up bird-watching. As she brought
the expensive lenses into focus, Batgirl wondered if other crimefighters
suffered from lack of funds as often as she did.

"If I ever write my memoirs," she mused as the image cleared before her.
"I should call them How to be a crimefighter on a budget."

The image of Robin now closed to within a few feet, confirming her
original impression that he was unhurt. The crossbeam he was handcuffed to
was just high enough for him to be suspended two inches off the floor.
Some sort of soiled rag had been shoved into his mouth, cutting off any
protests he might have made.

Three women stood around Robin and Batgirl turned her attention to the
oldest. As her features filled her field of vision, she recalled an entry
from the bootlegged copy she'd made of her father's crime files.

"Ma Parker." she said to herself as she matched the gray haired woman with
her mug shot.

Searching her memory, Batgirl recalled some of the facts that appeared
beneath the mug shots of Sarah May Parker. Age 54, first arrested in 1960
for her involvement in the death of her husband Peter. Twenty-sex years
her senior, the well to do businessman had managed to sire two daughters
before he died from the bite of a poisonous spider. While she had managed
to avoid a conviction, it was enough for his powerful family to get her
excluded from his estate. In the town they'd grown up in, the law was
whatever the powerful Parker Clan said it was. Two months later, she'd
appeared at the payroll office of Parker Industries and robbed it at gun
point. Over the next thirty years she'd amassed a record that including
armed robbery, kidnapping and extortion. Eventually, her daughter's
followed in her footsteps.

On her right and left stood younger women who's resemblance left no doubt
that they were her daughters. While Sarah May had been a rather attractive
young woman, transforming into a hefty older woman - both daughter's had
skipped right to that stage. Large breasted and husky, they looked like
either could fit right in with a gang of longshoremen.

Both were armed, as was Ma Parker. The short haired brunette on the right,
who Batgirl would later identify as Betty Sue, carried a sawed off shotgun
and a small snub nose revolver in her belt. Her sister, Mary Beth,
preferred the more powerful 45 caliber automatic. Slung over her shoulder,
the long haired sandy blonde carried a M-16. She'd spent 6 months in the
Army before being tossed out with a dishonorable discharged, taking from it
a preference to military hardware.

The absence of the uzi she had spotted before reminded Batgirl that Parker
had later had a third daughter, one which would be in her early twenties
about now. She had to have been the shadow upstairs. Until she was sure
where she was, or unless she could get all four of them together, the
crimefighter would have to bide her time. Hopefully they wouldn't do
anything that would force her to move prematurely.

"For a punk kid, he really is kind of cute." Ma Parker said as she stood
next to Robin. "Wouldn't you say so girls?"

With loud laughter, both of them agreed.

"In fact, maybe I should find out just how cute he really is." she added.

Parker took a step closer, blocking Batgirl's view for a moment. At first,
she thought that the older woman was planning to unmask the Teen Wonder.
Then when she shifted, the mask was still in place. A look of concern
filled Robin's face and as Batgirl's magnified gaze dropped downward, she
saw why. Ma Parker had her hand down his green shorts.

"My, this is impressive." she said as she massaged his cock and balls.

Both daughters moved closer to get a better look, again temporarily
obstructing Batgirl's vision. By the time they moved, Robin's shorts were
down on the filthy floor and his rapidly enlarging cock was filling Ma
Parker's hand.

"This gets better and better." she quipped as she stroked the organ back
and forth. "I bet you're enjoying this, aren't you?"

Robin remained silent, but the magnified view in front of her told Batgirl
that as much as he was trying not to, he was enjoying it.

"I'd bet he'd tell you how much he enjoys it." Betty Sue said. "If Mary
Beth hadn't shoved those panties in his mouth when she tied him up." "Hey,
he's got nothing to complain about there." Mary Beth laughed. "He's getting
a real taste of honey. I wore that pair all week." "And frigging yourself
in them every night too." Betty Sue added. "Hey, it was that or one of
those oily rags from that barrel." chuckled Mary Beth.

Imagining the residue all over those panties, Batgirl wondered if Robin
might not have preferred one of the rags.

"He may be the Teen Wonder." Ma Parker remarked. "But he's man sized where
it counts."

With than, the older woman bent down and took his now fully erect cock into
her mouth. Batgirl watched in fascination as his member slid in and out
between her lips. A quick look at the expression on his face attested to
the woman's oral skills.

In a way, it reminded Batgirl of the night she'd watched Mrs. Worthington
and her son. Robin might not be as willing a participant as Roger, but it
was obvious that he was enjoying it just as much. Listening to the cheers
of the two daughters, Batgirl also became aware of a dampness between her
own legs. It'd been quite some time since she'd had the taste of a man in
her own mouth.

Just then, Robin exploded, sending bursts of hot cum into Sarah May's eager
mouth. Joyfully, she let it fill her, using her tongue to savor the tangy
flavor. A large stream of whiteness spilled out over her lips and down her
chin. Letting his semi-hard cock slip from her mouth, she rolled her tongue
over her lips, licking them clean.

"Mmmm, the boy is definitely prime choice." She grinned. "Look at that,
he'd still got half a hard on." Mary Beth noted as she pointed to Robin's
cum covered cock. "I bet he's all ready to go at it again." "That's why I
like them young." Ma replied. "I'm next!" Betty Sue called out. "No way!"
Mary Beth responded. "You always get to go next. Besides, I can tell that
he wants me. Don't you Robin honey? I bet you can't wait to taste those
pussy juices for real." "Bullshit, if he hadn't been looking at my tits
while I was changing, he wouldn't have even gotten caught." Betty Sue
countered.

Pulling her T-shirt up and over her bra-less mounds, she bounced them in
front of the captive Robin. Batgirl figured the girl had to at least be a
38DD.

"This is want you want, isn't it Robin baby." she said.

"This could get ugly real fast." Batgirl thought. "If one of them decided
to end it with a bullet. I might not be able to wait for daughter number
three."

Part of Batgirl's decision to rush into what might be a precipitous action
was the realization that despite the fact that the scene that had just
occurred could be classified as rape, she had enjoyed watching it. In
fact, it had turned her on immensely.

A handful of small glass capsules filled her gloved hand, taken from one of
the compartments in her belt. Any advantage of surprise had to be pressed
as hard as possible. If daughter three appeared out of the woodwork, it
could all go so very wrong, so very fast.

Batgirl's body tensed as she slowly began to rise and counted off the
seconds until she would spring into action. If she could just get them a
little closer together.

"Maybe I should just put a bullet in his head and that'll settle it." said
a strong voice from the other side of the room.

Batgirl quickly dropped flat as the third daughter walked into the room.
Peering carefully over the edge, she took stock of the new arrival.

"Oh shit!" she gasped. "She must be at least six feet tall."

That was only where her astonishment over Ma Parker's baby daughter began.
She was six one to be exact, with a body that was a cross between a movie
star and body builder. With the best of both, the result was a powerful
muscular form. Her platinum blond hair was razor cut in an almost military
style. She was wearing cut off shorts and a tank top that seemed two sizes
too small. Firm hard breasts pressed against the too thin material, the
nipples visible even to Batgirl. Despite all of her training, Batgirl
looked like a skinny school next to her.

Watching the professional, no nonsense manner in which she walked across
the dirty stone floor, Batgirl quickly sized her up as the most dangerous
of the three daughters. The black uzi was slung over her shoulder, hanging
within easy reach.

"If you're through playing around, you might like to know that I checked
the upper floors and the buildings clear." she said as she neared the rest
of the group. "You worry too much, Debbie Jo." Betty said. "One of us
should." Debbie Jo replied. "The little asshole here had a transmitter in
his hand when I caught him. He might've gotten off a signal before I
smashed it." "If he did, this place would've already been crawling with
cops." was Betty Sue's retort. "Do you see any cops?"

The exchange just reinforced Batgirl's original assessment that next to Ma
Parker, Debbie was the most dangerous of the foursome. The other two
daughters were just muscle.

Batgirl couldn't get over how physically different Debbie was from her
sisters. Then she recalled an item on the bottom of Ma Parker's file.

It had been one of the most sensational crimes of twenty two years ago.
Harold Swartzenberger, the rage of Hollywood action films had disappeared
during a morning exercise run. For two weeks, the bulk of Gotham's Finest
had turned the underside of the city inside and out without finding a clue
as to the whereabouts of the former Mr. Universe. For all their efforts,
all they had to go on was an expended tranquilizer dart at the scene. No
ransom note, no demands, no communications of any kind.

Then, following a lead turned up by then Lieutenant James Gordon, they had
finally found Swartzenberger. The star had been found nude, tied spread
eagle on a bed in one of the seedier hotels outside the city limits.

The actor was somewhat reluctant to say what had happened during the twelve
days since he'd vanished. Sarah May Parker, on the other hand, was more
than willing to proclaim to the world how she'd sucked and fucked the
former weight lifter all that time.

"Hell, sometimes we'd do it three or four times a day." she yelled out
before they slammed the door of the paddy wagon on her.

Unwilling to risk the damage to his career once the Hollywood tabloids got
hold of the story, Swartzenberger refused to press charges. Hopefully, most
people would just assume it was all a publicity stunt and ignore Parker's
story.

Unfortunately, those dozen days of passion had left Sarah May pregnant,
giving credence to her story. Sarah got child support and Swartzenberger's
career never reached it's potential. In all that time, he had never seen
his daughter.

"Hey Debbie, want a taste?" Mary Beth asked as she ran her finger along
the length of Robin's cock and scooped up the remnant that Ma Parker had
missed. "I'll pass." was Debbie Jo's curt reply. "Don't know what you're
missing." Mary Beth said as she slipped her finger into her mouth and
sucked it clean. "I'll bet if it was the Bat-Bitch hanging there, dripping
pussy juice you'd be quick to lap it up." Betty Jo snickered. "Maybe...."
Debbie purred with a smile. "But I can think of a lot better place to do it
than a filthy dump like this."
 
The dual thought that such a phenomenal beauty such as Debbie was both into
woman and as such was also interested in Batgirl brought mixed feelings.
The thought of her being in Robin's predicament caused a cold chill,
contrasting with the rich warm rush radiating between her legs. The thought
of a sexual encounter with the likes of Debbie Jo was almost enough to
cause her to consider expanding her sexuality. Of course that would be if
she could separate that perfect body from the person it contained.

Dismissing all this from her mind, Batgirl again jumped to her feet. In a
single fluid movement, she bounded over the railing and into the air. As
she flew, her hand swung around and sent the half dozen glass capsules
ahead of her.

"Robin .... Starburst!!!" she yelled out as she dropped over the railing,
a split second before the capsules detonated into an all encompassing
whiteness.
    
Controlling her leap off the balcony, Batgirl was able to deliver the full
force of her 110 pound frame in one single blow. The impact point being
the center of Debbie's chest. The amazon hadn't been blinded like her
sisters. Unlike them, she had looked down not upward when she heard
Batgirl's shout, preserving her vision. Even know she was swinging the uzi
on her shoulder into play.

Knocked backward into a support beam by the sudden blow, Debbie lost her
grip on the uzi and watched helpless as it flew across the floor. Her head
banged into the beam as well, causing a few moments of disorientation.
Moments Batgirl put to all too good use.

No sooner did she hit the ground, Batgirl dropped to what looked like a
push up position. Pivoting on her open palms, she spun her muscular legs
around in a wide arc, sweeping Mary Beth off her feet.

A partially blinded Ma Parker had pulled her pistol from it's holster and
was trying to take aim at the rapidly moving intruder. Try as she could,
she still couldn't differentiate between Batgirl and her daughters.

No such concern entered Betty Sue's mind. Although as visually handicapped
as her mother, she wasted no time in bringing her shotgun into play.
Aiming in the general direction of the blurry forms, she let off first one,
then both barrels.

A cry of pain filled the air as the spray of pellets found a target.

"I got them!" Betty cried out in triumph. "You got me you stupid bitch!"
came the reply.

Betty recognized the voice as belong to Mary Beth. Her sister had just
leapt to her feet after being knocked over by Batgirl, only to step right
into the line of fire.

Even as Mary Beth again fell to the ground, this time clutching her left
leg in agony, Batgirl moved against Ma Parker and Betty. A hard tossed
batarang slammed against the side of Ma's head, bringing unconsciousness
with it. Betty joined her a few heartbeats later, the result of a
devastating right hook and left cross combination.

Batgirl took a moment to breath, only to have it cut short as a strong arm
wrapped around her neck. Debbie hadn't been as stunned as she though and
was already pressing the attack. If was only a muffled warning from the
still bound Robin that gave her the precious second to protect her
breathing passage.

Locked in a choke hold, Batgirl pressed back with all of the strength. She
could tell it wouldn't be enough. Ma Parker's youngest was just too much
bigger and stronger. If only she could get a little more leverage. All
she needed was a small opening.

"I'm going to rip your fucking head off bitch!" Debbie said as she pulled
Batgirl backward.

She took another step back and then suddenly loosed her hold. Batgirl
immediately took advantage of her unexplained error and sent her right
elbow as hard as she could into the larger woman's chest. The blow was
enough to free her and she pulled out of the killer grip.

Spinning around to an attack position, Batgirl suddenly understood the
cause of her assailant's distraction. As they had moved closer to him,
Robin had swung up and wrapped his legs around Debbie's neck. He didn't
have the leverage to hold her, but as he pulled himself against her from
the left side, Debbie found her face pressed against his exposed crotch.
The strong pungent smell of his manhood and the taste of his cum stained
cock against her lips sent her into a panic. Instinctively, her only
thought was to pull away, ignoring the need to keep a tight hold on
Batgirl.

Debbie grabbed one of Robin's legs with each hand and pulled them from
around her neck. She was spitting the awful taste from her mouth when she
suddenly remembered Batgirl. Too late she turned her attention back to her
captive, only to be met by a flurry of fists.

A brilliantly executed judo move sent the larger woman to the ground, face
first. Before she could rise, Batgirl was on top of her and pinning her
arms behind her as she slammed on a pair of strong steel handcuffs.

"You fucking cocksucking bitch!" Debbie called out over her shoulder.

A smile crossed Batgirl's face as she let out a deep breath of relief and
made sure that all four of her adversaries were indeed down for the count.
She found Debbie's curse somewhat amusing.

"Don't knock it unless you've tried it, honey." she said just loud enough
for Debbie to hear her. "You're going to pay for this!" Debbie again
cursed out as she struggled helplessly against the bonds. "Maybe, but now
today!" was Batgirl's reply.
    
Checking Mary Beth, Batgirl was relieved to find that she had only
superficial leg injuries. A few inches to the left and she'd have caught a
lot more than the edge of the shotgun blast. She pinned her hands behind
her with the same plastic restraints she'd used on Ma Parker and Betty Sue.

Using the handcuff key she'd found on Ma, Batgirl freed Robin from the
overhead beam. She tried not to watch as he composed himself but she had
to sneak one last look. The young man certainly was impressive.

Ten minutes later, a phone call for assistance caused the old warehouse to
indeed be swarming with members of the GCPD. Led by a cigar chomping Sgt.
Bullock, they quickly led an infuriated Parker Mob to waiting Police vans.

"We found the Batmobile out back." Bullock said to Robin. "Looks like one
of the harpies put a few rounds into the tires for laughs." "Great." Robin
muttered. "This night is getting better and better." "Don't sweat it,
kid." Bullock growled. "I've already talked to Chief O'Hara and he's
sending a flatbed truck over to take it to the Police garage over on
Barnaby Street. Batman left two sets of those special tires you use over
there just in case he ever needed them. They'll have you back on the road
in about an hour or two." "Thanks." said Robin. "Meanwhile, we'll be glad
to give you a lift over there or down to Police Headquarters. " added
Bullock. "Nah, I'll get there on my own." Robin said in a tone that said
he really didn't want to be around the men of Bullock's Strike Force right
now.

From the funny looks they had all given him, and the sly smiles on more
than a few faces, he knew Ma Parker had told them all about the blow job
she had given him.

"Suit yourself, kid." Bullock said as he turned and followed the rest of
the Task Force out the door.

Robin stood there a few moments. watching them leave. It had been one
screwed up night. And it wasn't going to be any better tomorrow night when
Batman got back and heard all about it. No one would have to tell him, it
would be the but of a dozen jokes in every police bar by midnight.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
    
 "I'd offer you a ride, but where could I take you." Batgirl said as she
stepped up to him. "I guess we could always go out for Pizza." he quipped,
trying to put his worries behind him. "I haven't eaten since this morning."
"I do think we'd be more than a little conspicuous in these outfits."
Batgirl smiled, remembering that she too had missed dinner. "I guess
there's always takeout." "I've got a better idea." Robin responded in a
burst of sudden inspiration. "Come on." he added as he headed for the
Bat-Cycle. "All right, were to?" Batgirl asked as she slid behind the
handle bars and motioned for Robin to squeeze in behind her. "1939 Kane
St." Robin said as he slid in behind her and put his arms around her
waist.

Again speeding though the night, Batgirl noticed that the vibration of the
cycle between his legs had the same effect on Robin that it usually had on
her. She could feel his erect cock pressed up against her ass as he
pressed tight against her. She had to admit as she smiled under her cowl,
it was a nice feeling.

Pulling up to a long row of brownstones on Kane Street, Batgirl slowed in
front of 1939. It was only a half mile to her own apartment, a section of
old Gotham that had seen a new life with an influx of young urban
professionals during the last decade. A four story walkup, a sign in the
front yard identified it as being renovated by Waynecorp, a subsidy of
Wayne Enterprises.

"Do you live here?" Batgirl asked in a confused tone. "Not exactly," came
the reply from behind her. "It's sort of a safe house. Better take the
cycle around back."

Parking the gold and blue motorbike in the empty alley behind the building,
Batgirl watched as Robin covered it with a large gray tarp hidden behind
the garbage cans.

"That should hide it." he said, satisfied that it was hidden from casual
observers. "I supposed there's a back door." Batgirl said as she looked up
and down the alleyway. "Not exactly," Robin said as he pointed up to the
overhead fire escape. "But there is a back window." "Right." Batgirl
replied. "The story of my life."

It only took a minute for them to reach the third floor landing. Robin
paused at the large high window and reached into his utility belt for a
small electronic device. Batgirl watched as he activated it and then ran
it along the outside of the window frame. An audible click filled the
night air as it passed over the lock.

"It also deactivated the alarms." the Teen Wonder said in way of
explanation as he returned the small unit to his belt. "After you." he
said as he pulled open the window.

Batgirl's first impression upon entering the small three room apartment was
that she'd been there before. It was impossible of course, but it was all
so familiar.

"Well, what do you think?" Robin said as he closed the window behind him.
"A lot better than eating off the back of your bike." "It's nice." Batgirl
said. "You might find this funny, but I feel like I've seen this place
before." "Deja Vu, huh." Robin laughed, as if he was enjoying some little
joke.

With that he walked over to a small coffee table and picked up a small
neighborhood phone book. Opening it to the restaurant section, he scanned a
few ads.

"What do you feel like having?" he asked. "Italian? Mexican? There's a
really great seafood place about two blocks over." "That'd be fine."
Batgirl said as she picked up a small stack of mail by the front door and
examined it. Mostly it consisted of bills and such. "B. Ward." she said
as she read the name on the phone bill. "A friend of yours?" "Actually,
that's the name of some second rate actor that was on this really lame
superhero show when I was a kid." he said as began to dial the phone. "I
found the name in an old TV Guide and put all the utilities in his name.
Couldn't really put it under Batman or Robin, could I?" "I guess not."
Batgirl mused.

Her attention was then caught by a R.J. Nickels catalog resting next to the
mail. An identical mail order book had been delivered to her apartment
last month. In fact she'd been flipping through it just the other day
looking for a new sofa.

"That's it." she said to herself as she quickly flipped though the pages
until she came to the one she was looking for. "I don't believe it, you
bought the whole room."

Robin grinned as he looked at the two page photo in the catalog, identical
in every way to the room they were now standing in. Right down to the
framed pictures on the wall.

"It was easier that way, we have twelve apartments like this scattered
across the six boroughs." Robin explained. "Really didn't have time to
shop around and decorate them all."

Without realizing it, Robin had confirmed Batgirl's long standing belief
that Batman had to have a great deal of money behind him. A quick addition
of the prices in the glossy photo put the cost of just this room at almost
six thousand dollars. And they had twelve apartments like this. As
Barbara Gordon, Batgirl could just about afford the rent on her apartment,
much less pay for apartments that were empty most of the time.

The buzz of the intercom interrupted anything Batgirl might have wanted to
say. Robin walked over to the wall and pressed it.

"Seafood Delight." said the voice over the speaker. "Come on up." Robin
said. "That was fast." Batgirl commented as Robin pushed the buzzer that
unlocked the front door. "I've ordered from there before." he explained.
"They know the tip increases the faster they get the food here." "Another
casual reference to being used to have money to burn." Batgirl thought. "If
you'll wait in the other room, I'll pay for the food." Robin said as he
pulled a bathrobe over his costume and tightened the sash. "Sure, no
problem." she replied as she stepped into the adjacent bedroom.

Closing the door half way behind her, watched from behind as Robin removed
his mask and answered the door. If she stood were she was, she'd see his
face as he turned around. As simple as it would be to explain as an
accident, it wasn't something she could bring herself to do. Instead she
stepped back into the room and awaited Robin's call.

"Dinner's ready." the Teen Wonder called out. "Page 215, I see." Batgirl
said as she walked back into the living room. "What?" a confused Robin
said. "The bedroom, page 215 of the catalog." she said. "Oh yeah, right."
    
The two made themselves as comfortable as they could. Capes and gloves
were draped across the couch, utility belts piled on top of them. Sitting
on the floor, the food covered coffee table between them, they ate and
discussed the life of a crimefighter.

"Has anything like this evening ever happened to you before?" Batgirl
asked as she took a bite of her broiled shrimp.

Robin stopped in mid-bite. The expression on his face told her that she
might've made a big mistake asking that question. It was obvious that
tonight hadn't been the first time.

"I'm sorry, I really had no right to ask something like that. I was just
curious. I apologize."

Wiping the food residue from his face, Robin look across the table into her
rich green eyes. He sat silent for a few moments and then said.

"Do you really want to know?"

Batgirl nodded in agreement.

Once he began, it was hard for him to stop. Batgirl was sure that this was
the first time he had ever really talked to anyone about this aspect of his
career.

He told her of his loss of virginity to The Catwoman. Of his encounter
with Jessica Taylor, an encounter that had been repeated several times
before she moved to San Diego. He even admitted to a male experience he'd
had when a young thug had performed oral sex on him while guarding him. An
act he had reciprocated.

Batgirl listened intently as Robin talked. She wasn't put off by his
story, not even his revelation of a same sex act. After all, more than a
few times lately she'd been wondering to herself that perhaps she was
missing something by not at least trying the charms of a sapphic
relationship.

What she found interesting was that in all his experiences, tonight
included, there was a aspect of submissiveness. Of a helplessness that
increased his sexual satisfaction. The look on his face as he talked
mirrored that he showed while tied up back in the warehouse being serviced
by Ma Parker.

Batgirl could feel a renewed wetness between her legs as she visualized the
stories he had just told. She could only guess at what Jessica or his male
lover had looked like. The Catwoman on the other hand was a know criminal.
Batgirl had even encountered Selina Kyle after her return to Gotham and a
life of crime. In her skin tight catsuit, it wasn't hard to imagine what
she would look like naked. The image of that naked body atop Robin, riding
him, taking his cherry - fucking him - was almost too much to bear. She
suddenly realized that her breathing had become labored.

"Has anything like that happened to you?" "What?" Batgirl said, her mind
suddenly dismissing the sexual images that had occupied it. "I asked if
anything like that had ever happened like that to you.?" Robin repeated.

Taking a deep breath to calm herself, Batgirl was relieved to realize that
Robin hadn't noticed her state of arousal over his tale. If her costume
weren't so reinforced, she'd be afraid to stand up, sure that her pants
would be covered with a large stain.

"Once, in the very beginning." she began.

It wasn't a story she liked remembering, much less telling someone. But
Robin had bared his soul and she could do no less. It was funny but she'd
never considered the idea that a male hero could suffer sexual assault. Up
until this moment she thought it was something that only heroines had to
worry about.

It was only a few months after becoming Batgirl. She'd tried tracking down
The Joker, not realizing in her youthful exuberance how far out of her
league she was. Of course she easily fell into his trap.

Bound to a gurney, rape was the furthest concern from her mind. The Joker
had a reputation as a homicidal maniac and Batgirl feared for the worst.
It was only when he dismissed his gang and climbed atop her helpless body
that she feared she'd be raped before anything else.

In her worst nightmares, she could still see the small chalky white cock,
surrounded by green pubic hair that Joker removed from his purple pants.
Straddling her waist, he had proceeded to play with it, masturbating it to
it's full five inches. Barbara sometimes found it astonishing that at that
moment, on the verge of being ravaged and perhaps worse, she wondered if
his smallness was the result of the chemical bath that had transformed him
into The Joker. If so, that might've been enough to have driven him mad.

Bracing for the worst, she was confused when the tall man suddenly shot his
load, all over her large yellow bat-insignia. A chilling, echoing laugh
filled the air as he smeared the small residue across her lycra covered
breasts. Then without so much as another word, he jumped off her and left.

After she freed herself, a still trembling Batgirl had made her way home
and burned that particular costume in her fireplace. It was almost a month
before she could bring herself to put on her spare and venture out once
more into the night.

"Damn." was the only response Robin could think of.

Batgirl decided to change the subject. Reaching behind her into a small
pocket of her cape, she removed the handcuffs she'd freed Robin from
earlier. They were a real old pair, over sixty years old. She'd saved
them to give to her father as a present. He had a large collection of
police memorabilia in his house. There'd been a Gordon on at least one
police force somewhere for the last four generations. Barbara had broken
the tradition, but somehow she felt she was doing something better.

"Those cuffs gave me a lot of trouble." Robin said, taking her cue to
change the subject. "I tried every thing I could remember Batman ever
teaching me but I couldn't get them loose. They're impossible to get out
of."

"Click!"
    
Batgirl grinned in embarrassment as she held the opened cuff in her hand.
It had taken her less than thirty seconds to open them. The key was still
in her cape.

"I don't believe it!" Robin said in a shocked tone. "How'd you do that?"

Batgirl smiled a little brighter. Her little ruse had worked. Robin's
mind was now totally on the old handcuffs.

"Don't feel bad." she offered in way of apology. "There's a trick to it."
"What kind of trick?" "Well here, I'll show you." she continued as she
again manipulated the old metal joints until they again popped open. "See,
its not all that hard once you know how to do it."

Robin looked closely at the restraints as Batgirl went through it again,
this time a little more slowly. As before, they opened easily.

"Can I borrow those?" Robin asked. "I was planning to give them to my
fa...to a friend of mine. He collects things like this. In fact, he was
the one who showed me how to open old cuffs like that."

Batgirl wondered if Robin had ever been to Commissioner Gordon's house and
seen the old collection in the study. Many nights when she was a child,
her father had explained the pieces to her and how they worked.

"I'll give them back, I promise." Robin said. "I just want to use them to
run a trap simulation when Batman gets back. "A trap simulation?" Batgirl
inquired. "When ever one of us runs into a difficult trap, we do a
reenactment to see what weaknesses we overlooked and find ways to avoid it
in the future." "That's an interesting idea." Batgirl noted. "Makes a lot
of sense. Tell me more about it." "Well, if Batman were in town, we'd run
it tonight while it was fresh in my mind. But as it is, I'll have to wait
until Monday to do it. "You couldn't do it without him?" she asked. "Well,
I'm not supposed to do it without a spotter. Kind of like working out with
weights. You should have someone there in case something goes wrong."
"Hmm." Batgirl mused. "Would I do as a spotter?" "I don't see why not?"
Robin replied. "After all, you certainly did better in the original than I
did. But why would you want to go to all that trouble?" "Well, first of
all, I think its kind of an interesting idea. Secondly, I had originally
planned a pretty late evening so I didn't get up today until the near side
of noon. So its either this, going out again on patrol or seeing whats on
the cable." "Ok, if you really want to." "Then it's settled." Batgirl
smiled as she rose and took the paper plates she'd been eating off of and
tossed them into the trash. "How do we go about this?" "Well, normally, if
it were possible, we'd go back to the original site." Robin explained as
he dumped his own trash. "The only problem there is that it's still a crime
scene and we might run into some of Gotham's Finest or worse the Press."
Batgirl added. "Exactly." Robin agreed. "The second option would be to
recreate it in the Batcave." "Then I guess the Batcave it is." concluded
Batgirl.

Silence filled the air for a few seconds until Robin said in a almost shock
filled voice. "Take you to the Batcave?"

The tone in his voice reminded Batgirl of that of a maiden who'd just been
asked to surrender her virginity to a stranger.

"Why, is that a problem?" she asked. "No, I guess not." he replied
somewhat sheepishly. I'd have to ask you to put on a blindfold while we
drove there. It's one of the rules." "I guess I'm not driving then."
Batgirl quipped. "No problem, I'm not afraid of the dark." "They should be
done with the Batmobile by now, we can swing by the Police garage and pick
it up." said the Teen Wonder, a little more relaxed than before. "Good,
lets clean up the rest of this and be on our way."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
    
Propelled by the awesome power of the Batmobile, they soon left the city
behind. Speeding down dark country roads, Robin found himself stealing
looks at his companion every chance he could. At one point, they'd stopped
at a railroad crossing just outside of the city and Robin quickly lost
himself staring at her.

Her eyes were hidden by the blindfold, but Robin studied every exposed
feature of her face. The curve of her face, the soft pinkness of her lips,
the blush of her cheeks. Dropping his gaze downward, he examined the
outline of her pert breasts in great detail. Both Selina Kyle and Jessica
Taylor had much more impressive busts, but neither had ever occupied as
much of his thoughts over the last few years. The 17 year old couldn't
begin to count the nights he'd masturbated to her image.

His cock was so hard that it hurt, but he couldn't tear himself away from
her. Only an hour before, he had shared his most intimate secrets with
her. He hadn't ever told anyone what he'd told her, not even Batman. Had
it been his imagination or had she really been turned on by what he'd told
her. He couldn't be sure.

"Is something wrong?" Batgirl asked as she automatically turned to face
the Teen Wonder. "We've been standing still a long time." "No problem."
came the reply as he quickly shifted the car into gear.

The sound of airbrakes and a sudden deceleration told Batgirl they'd
arrived. She could feel the car turning on what she guessed was some sort
of turntable. Then the sound of the drivers side door opening and padded
footsteps rounding the automobile. Finally, the sound of her own door
opening.

"You can take the blindfold off now." Robin said as he opened her door.

Batgirl blinked a few times after she removed the blinder. The chamber was
dimly lit so it took only a few seconds for her eyes to adjust. Curious,
she turned a full three hundred and sixty degrees to take it all in.

A feeling of disappointment filled Batgirl as she took it all in. The
chamber was about the size of a small auditorium, with a small row of
computers against the wall. To the left she could see an auto maintenance
area. Not exactly what she expected.

"Let me get the lights." Robin said, a broad grin filling his face.

As Robin threw a large wall mounted switch, a loud clang filled the air.
Unseen banks of high powered lights exploded to life, banishing the
encroaching shadows.

"Omigod!" Batgirl gasped as the dark shadow she thought a wall vanished in
the light.

The room she'd been in had only been an antechamber. Beyond it was a
vastness she couldn't have imagined. The ceiling was almost beyond view,
hidden in the few shadows still remaining. From where she stood, Batgirl
could see a scene that looked like it had been lifted right out of a George
Lucas film. The cave housed a complete laboratory, including sections for
chemical, forensics and electrical analysis. A sophisticated array of
computers filled an entire section, all tied into giant fifty inch screens.
Opposite them stood a vast communications bank, monitoring the networks and
a multitude of radio frequencies. In the distance, Batgirl could see a
trophy room, a fully equipped gym, and living quarters.

"Unbelievable." Batgirl said as she finally took it all it. "Well we call
it home." Robin replied as he walked into the inner cave.

Robin quickly moved to the communications bank and pressed down on a small
intercom. Batgirl watched as a small red light came on in response to his
action.

"I'm down in the cave." he simply said. "Batgirl is with me." "Understood
sir." said a crisp English voice.
    
"Let me guess, that was the butler." Batgirl joked.

The sudden look of concern flashed across Robin's face. She had meant it
as a joke but had hit too close to home.

"I'll be right with you, I just want to check a few things." Robin said.

While she waited, Batgirl watched the six row bank of television monitors.
They were keyed into the three major networks, CNN, Gotham One and a local
station. On Gotham One, the city's all news station, Batgirl recognized
the backdrop of the Gotham Civic Center. Curious, she turned up the
volume. She recognized the woman with the microphone as Carol Wilson, the
station's society reporter.

".... the beautiful people have turned in force for the Mayor's benefit
tonight." Wilson said. "In fact, I think I see one of Gotham's best coming
up right now."

The camera zoomed over Carol Wilson's shoulder and focused on the couple
headed for a waiting limousine. Batgirl's eyes opened wide as she
recognized the handsome well dressed gentleman. Her eyes then tightened in
anger when she saw the woman on his arm.

"Councilman Kendall, how nice to see you again..." Carol began.

Whatever inane comments the high priced clothes horse made after that were
lost as Batgirl concentrated on the big breasted bimbo to Ed's left.

"I know her." she thought.

Then it came to her. That was Elizabeth David, they'd both gone to Gotham
State. Of course she hadn't had those massive breasts that she so
prominently displayed back then. Back then, her main asset had earned her
the sobriquet "Blow Job Betty."

"......and that's why it's important for all of us to lend the Mayor our
support for projects like this." Ed said as he answered a question. "Now
if you'll excuse me, we have a late dinner reservation at the Carlton
Arms." "And a special desert." Betty giggled like a little girl. "Carlton
Arms!" Batgirl said in shock. "He's taking that bimbo to the Carlton!"

A rage flushed through her body at the thought of Blow Job Betty sharing
the bed she'd reserved for Ed and her. How could that bastard do
something like that to her.

"Is something wrong?" Robin said as he reentered.

He scanned the overhead monitors, half expecting to see some disaster in
the making. Instead he saw only some guy hanging on to one knockout babe.

"No, no problem." Batgirl said. "I just made a mistake about something,
that's all."

Shrugging his shoulders, Robin led his female counterpart into one of the
adjacent smaller caverns. Equipped as a combat training center, it was
relatively easy to set up the trap scenario. As they secured a crossbeam
in place and attached the old handcuffs to it, Robin couldn't help but
notice that Batgirl seemed much more distant than when they'd first arrived
in the Batcave.

"Are you feeling all right?" he asked. "What?...." she replied, quickly
shaking off her melancholy mood. "I'm fine, really. I guess some of the
seafood didn't agree with me, that's all." "We can forget about this, you
know." said the Teen Wonder. "It's really not all that important." "Don't
be silly." Batgirl laughed. "We're all ready to go. Now climb up there
and remember what I showed you."

After a few seconds hesitation, Robin lifted his arms high over his head
and allowed Batgirl to secure the restraints around his wrists. He pulled
on them a few times to test their strength, then nodded that he was ready.
Before he had started, Robin had secured a gag around his mouth for the
sake of realism. Of course it was a lot cleaner than the original.

 Batgirl shifted a few paces to the left and slowly turned the crank that
raised the crossbeam. After a few turns, Robin was just about the same
height as in the warehouse.
 
"Ok, the clock starts........now!" Batgirl called out as she watched the
giant sweep hand of the wall clock pass twelve.

Robin went to work instantly, a look of determination and confidence on his
face. Agile fingers played with the tumblers of the old bonds, duplicating
the sequence he had been shown earlier. He tried it once, then twice, but
still the bonds failed to spring open.

His look of confidence changed to one of confusion as a third attempt
failed to free him. Silently, he turned his head in Batgirl's direction in
search of an explanation.

"Oh, did I forget to mention that you can change the tumble sequence on
those old cuffs." Batgirl replied to his silent question. "After all, what
you really want to learn is how to figure out the sequence, not just mimic
what someone else showed you."

In frustration, Robin tired a variation of the sequence, then pulled
fruitlessly at the metal circles around his wrists. He was angry at his
own overconfidence.

"I can let you down if you want?" Batgirl said.

Robin shook his head no. One way or the other, he would get out of this on
his own.

As the minutes ticked by, Batgirl had a chance to really study her younger
compatriot. Strange how she never really noticed before what a fine tuned
body he had. Muscular, yet lean, the sort of body a champion swimmer or a
acrobat would have. In fact, based on some of the maneuvers she'd seen him
execute over the last few years, Batgirl wouldn't be surprise if Robin had
some sort of acrobatic background.

Following the lines of his body, she watched as every muscle seemed to
tense as he tried to get free. Powerful legs stretched downward, trying to
give him just a little more leeway.

It was then she noticed that indeed every muscle had come into play.
Pressed tight against the confines of his green shorts, his cock had risen
to a full hardness. Spurred to life by his exertions, his member was no
less impressive that when she'd it only a few hours before.

The memory of his young manhood, erect and exposed brought a now familiar
tingle within her. She knew that when she got home, there wasn't going to
be enough batteries in Gotham to fulfill her need. Thinking back, she now
recognized the emotion that had filled her as she watched Ma Parker swallow
Robin's prize. It hadn't been anger, or even disgust - it had been envy!

Glancing at the clock on the wall to check Robin's time, Batgirl noted that
it was a quarter to midnight. The late supper at the Carlton would just be
drawing to a close. Ed and Liz would be on their way up to their room just
about now. No, not their room...her room. And her bed!

Jerking her head away from the clock and back to Robin, her eyes opened in
disbelief. The Teen Wonder was still hanging from the beam, but his
familiar red and green costume was gone. He was naked, his maleness fully
erect and beckoning to her.

The purple and gold clad woman blinked a few times then looked again. To
her relief it had all been an illusion. Robin was fully clothed. But was
it relief she actually felt, or disappointment. She was so confused, her
hormones were overtaking her judgment.

Later on, Batgirl would be unable to recall what actually was going through
her mind when she took that first set forward. Like a sleepwalker, she
moved forward seemingly without conscious thought. Robin was too
preoccupied with his predicament to notice, that is until he felt the
waistband of his shorts being pulled away, then the warm soft embrace of
Batgirl's gloved hand around his young cock.

Robin's eyes opened in mute astonishment as he suddenly looked down and saw
the Darknight Damsel cup his balls and give them a playful squeeze. The she
ran her long fingers up and down the length of his stiff cock, causing it
to grow even harder. Even if he hadn't been gagged, no words would've
issued from his lips. He was in a state of shock. His first thought was
that he was imagining it, that this couldn't really be happening.

That idea faded as fast as it formed as Batgirl suddenly dropped down to
her knees and tongued the tip of his cock, licking the small drop of
pre-cum that had formed there. Then she ran her tongue down the length of
his shaft and swirled it around his balls. Up one side and down the other,
following the trace she had left with her fingers a few moments before.

Reaching the base, the dark garbed woman sucked on his balls, taking first
one then the other into her mouth. Then she let them both slide free and
moved back up his now wet shaft.

In a sudden fluid motion, Batgirl engulfed the full length of his shaft,
sliding the young manmeat all the way down her throat. She let it slide
out slowly, then swallowed it once again. A fire filled her as all her pent
up desires centered on the taste, the touch, the scent of the young man
before her.

No way he was imagining this, thought the Teen Wonder as every touch of the
redhead's tongue sent delightful sensations across his helpless body. He
could feel the rising eruption building in his balls, knowing that it was
going to be impossible for him to hold out for long. Part of him wanted to
delay the inevitable, to make it last as long as possible. Another part
screamed to unleash all the power of his young manhood in one explosive
salvo.

Truth be known, Batgirl wasn't as good a cocksucker as Ma Parker had been,
or even as good as Selina or Jessica. But for all of either woman's skill,
neither had been the object of his boyhood lust.

Watching his cock slide in and out in those final moments before he lost
control, Robin could see a look of total rapture fill Batgirl's face. A
look reflected on his own.

As soon as she felt the first drops of warm cum splash against the back of
her mouth, Batgirl deep throated Robin's cock and swallowed the steady
stream as fast as it came. She'd almost forgotten how much she loved the
taste of a man in her mouth, and this time it had a special flavor. In a
strange sort of way, it was almost incestuous.

She held the softening cock in her mouth for a few long moments, savoring
the tangy taste. Then as the sudden sexual fever faded, she led it slip
from her mouth as the realization of what she'd done hit her.

"Omigod!" she thought as she stepped back and rose to her feet. "Oh God,
what have I done?" she repeated to herself in a silent horror. "Robin, I
don't know what I can say?" she stammered. "I don't know how I can
explain....."
    
The look in Robin's eyes caused her to pause. She had expected to see
anger, hostility, a sense of outrage. Instead she saw a deep longing, a
desire, a hunger that needed to be filled.

"You don't want me to stop...do you?" she asked in a soft voice.

Carefully, she undid the cloth gag from around his mouth. She let it fall
to the floor as she repeated the question.

"No." was Robin's quiet single word reply.
    
A smile filled her face as she stepped even closer to the bound boy and
kissed him. As their lips met, she could feel a passion that was reflected
in her own soul. Her eager tongue pressed against his as they took turns
sliding into each other's mouth. A second kiss followed, then a third and
fourth. Batgirl reached up and with one hand, freed his hands from his
bindings. Once freed, they closed around the woman before him, pulling her
as close as he could.

"Why don't we get you a little more comfortable." Batgirl whispered in his
ear.

A soft snapped filled the air as Robin's bright yellow cape drop from his
shoulders onto the floor. Then, one by one, Batgirl undid the laces that
held his red vest together, until that too joined the cape on the padded
floor. Lifting the green shirt he wore underneath, Batgirl exposed a
strong, lightly haired chest. Gloved hands stroked well developed muscles,
taking a moment to tweak the small nipples in the center.

"I'm glad you like that." she said. "I've got a lot more that I think
you're going to like."

Leaning forward, she stretched out her tongue and caressed his nipples. It
didn't take long for them to become erect. Kissing each one, she drew them
inside her mouth and sucked gently. Too often, young men freaked if they
found themselves enjoying activities that they associated as being things
that guys did to girls. They often associated such enjoyment with some sort
of latent homosexuality. Thankfully, Robin seemed to be beyond that.

It didn't take long before Robin was wearing only the black mask on his
face and nothing else. Reluctantly, Batgirl stepped back from his embrace
and took a few more steps back.

"Mind if I get comfortable too"? she grinned.
    
First went her purple and gold cape. With a wave of her arm, she tossed it
atop Robin's own. Next went her boots and gloves, followed by her utility
belt. Then, with slow, deliberate movements, she unzipped the back of her
body suit. Carefully, she pealed it off her body, aware of Robin's eyes
following her every move. Finally, she stood there in only her bra, panties
and cowl.

Unclasping the back hook of her bra, Batgirl wished for a second she had
worn the lace green pair she'd left back on her bed. Then she reflected
that they'd never had lasted through the earlier fight. Freeing her
breasts and letting the plain white bra join the growing pile on the floor,
she rubbed them a few times, restoring her circulation. The sports bra was
normally a tight fit. The matching panties quickly joined it on the floor.
Then she hesitated.

The beats of her heart quickened as she reached up and undid the snaps of
her cowl. She started to lift it, then paused once more.

"This is my decision." she said as she looked right at Robin. "It's not
something that you have to reciprocate."

Then, with a sudden, quick gesture, the cowl and long haired red wig that
defined her Batgirl identity dropped to the ground.

"Well.....what do you think?" Barbara Gordon asked as she struck a pose.
"I know I'm no Catwoman but......" "No....." Robin cut her off in
mid-sentence. "You're much more beautiful." "I bet you say that to all the
naked crimefighters." Barbara laughed.

Robin could only think of one way to prove he meant it. Without
hesitation, he reached up and pulled off his own mask. The look of
recognition on Barbara's face was instantaneous.

"Dick Grayson," Barbara said to herself. "How could I not have recognized
him before?"

She'd been introduced to Grayson at a dozen charity fund-raisers for the
library, how could she not have recognized him? It wasn't like he wore a
cowl and wig like she did, that she could've understood. It was like
someone putting on a pair of glasses and all your friends thinking you were
someone else.

Then it hit her that every time she'd been introduced to Dick, he'd been
with his guardian, Bruce Wayne. When you had such an impressive hunk as
the millionaire chairman of Wayne Enterprises in front of you, it was hard
to notice the kid with him.

"Omigod!" a mental voice screamed in Barbara's mind as a curtain rose and
the obvious suddenly became clear. "Wayne is The Batman!"

Bruce Wayne was The Batman. It seemed so unbelievable. Who would ever
have thought that a playboy like that could be the dreaded specter of the
night. Then again, who would've ever thought of Barbara Gordon as Batgirl
when you stopped to think about it.

She flashed back to the night she'd become Batgirl. To that silly smile
Wayne had flashed at her when she'd told him her name was Batgirl. Suddenly
his secret joke made sense.

"Something funny?" a confused Dick asked.
    
"Sorry," a beaming Barbara said, a wide smile on her face. "I just got
the punch line to an old joke. I'll explain it to you later."

Barbara stepped forward and took Dick by the hand. They took a few steps
together, then she asked...

"With all the caverns you have down here, is there one that has a bed?"

Of course there was. In fact, it was a perfect recreation of the master
bedroom of Wayne Manor above. Complete with a oversized four posted bed.
No R.J. Nickels here. At that moment, Barbara couldn't care if it was a
storeroom with an army cot.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
    
Laying across the satin sheets, the two adventures slowly, gently, explored
each other's bodies. Soft kisses, gentle strokes and quiet words stretched
minutes into a half hour. Starting at her neck, Dick kissed his way down to
Barbara's breasts. he covered them with soft pecks before demonstrating
the skill he had learned at the hands of his other lovers.

Barbara moaned softly as Dick played with her nipples with both his hands
and his mouth. Artfully his tongue traced the outline of the small pink
circles before pressing his face deep within the valley between. His tongue
licked every inch of exposed flesh, planting kisses along the way. Barbara
slid her hand under her left breast and lifted it, guiding the nipple into
his mouth. Dick eagerly took the offering and delivered the same pleasure
she'd given him before. He quickly shifted to her other mound, all the
while continuing to stroke her body. His hand slid down to between her
legs and he gently caressed the soft red haired mound.

Barbara leaned back on the bead and spread her legs, inviting Dick to
further take of her delights. Continuing his tongue and lips journey down
across her body, he quickly reached the center of her sexuality. He
planted a kiss to the left of her pearl, then the right, before spreading
Barbara's moist lips with his fingers to exposed the excited clit within.

A loud sigh escaped Barbara's lips as Dick made contact with her love
button. Whatever his other shortcomings in the art of lovemaking might
have been, it was quickly obvious that he was a first class pussy licker.
Spreading her legs as far as she could, the 23 year old rolled her head
back and closed her eyes, loosing herself in the warm sensations radiating
out from her sexual center.

Barbara's cunt grew wetter and wetter with each passage of her younger
lover's tongue. He slid a finger inside her, adding it's motion to the
rhythm he'd established. Faster and faster moved both appendages,
saturating the surrounding red hair with sticky girlcum. And with each
repetition, both the waves of delight and loud moans that accompanied them
increased as well.

"Oh yes," Barbara yelled. "Lick my pussy, you've gotten it so..so wet. I
want to cum!"

It wasn't long before she got her wish as she felt her body tense up and
eruption of fire explode between her legs. Cascading waves of passion
ripped through her quaking form as the byproducts of her eruption covered
Dick's face. Ever since the night he had first sucked Catwoman's pussy,
Dick had loved the taste of a woman's cum. He eagerly lapped up as much as
he could.

The oscillating surf that gripped her had barely crested before Barbara
quickly shifted into an upright position and pulled Dick to her. She
kissed him hard, tasting her own fruit in his mouth. Again and again she
kissed him, alternating those deep soul kisses with ones on his cheeks.
Kisses that cleared the sticky residue that covered his cheeks.

"I want you inside me." she panted in between kisses. "I want your cock
in my pussy!" she said in a much louder voice.

Pushing the younger man down on the bed, Barbara spun around and mounted
him. Her back to his face, he was able to reach up and take hold of her
breasts. With a firm grip on each soft mound, Dick played with each nipple
as she began to ride his ever hard cock up and down.

"Oh yes....yes!!" Barbara panted as she felt Dick's manhood fill her again
and again. It felt so good. It had been so very long since it had felt so
good.

Pinned down by her weight and the force with which she slammed her sugar
walls down around his pleasure pole, there wasn't much Dick could do but
lay back and enjoy the ride. Not that he was complaining of course. It
seemed to be a familiar pattern by now. In the end, he always seemed to
become a mere extension of his cock. It was the position in which both
Selina and Jessica had always used. They had always needed to have the
dominate role. Just once he'd like to have it be different.

As if she could read his mind, Barbara had the same exact thought. Part of
her mind flashed back to the conversation they'd had earlier. It only took
a second to make a decision.

Pulling herself off him, she jumped forward onto the length of the long
bed. Spreading out her arms and legs she lifted her crotch up into the air
and invited Dick to enter her on his own.

The 17 year old didn't waste a second. He rose to his knees and took a
firm hold on the front of her legs. With all the force he could muster, he
pushed himself inside of her. Again and again, he felt his balls slam
against her body as he pushed harder and harder.

"Deeper....deeper!...Omigod...yes!" Barbara yelled yet again.

Beads of sweat ran down both their bodies as they began to rut like wild
animals. Long gone were the two cool, logical crimefighters, they had been
left behind in the pile of costumes in the outer room. As she felt each
new thrust of Dick's cock, Barbara thought of the countless nights he'd
masturbated thinking about a night like this. A thought that must have
been on his mind as well. It drove both of them to a state neither had
ever approached before.

Breaths came in labored short gasps and Barbara felt her vision blur as
what had to be the most intense orgasm of her young life set every nerve of
her body afire. Bright lights flashed before her eyes as she soared above
that plateau she had only dreamed about.

Then as quickly as it had occurred, the sensation began to fade. Her
vision cleared, and in the silence her heartbeat began to slowly return to
normal. But the memory would never fade. It would be something she would
remember night after night.

Collapsing on her stomach across the bed, Barbara felt Dick lay down across
her. He was as exhausted as she was. Sometime during her brief journey
into bliss, Dick had caught up with her and sent a hot burst of whiteness
splashing across her ass. Her eyes half closed, she reached back and wiped
her fingers across the gummy film. She lifted the cum covered fingers to
her lips and licked them clean. An action that brought a broad smile to
Dick's face before he drifted into a deep sleep. Moments later, Barbara
joined him in the sleep of the contented.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
    
The morning dawn would not only bring a new day but a new team. A new
Dynamic Duo - the team of Batgirl and Robin.......


END
