Copyright © 1997,   Raybolt.       ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.


Going to the bathroom with his Granddaughter Mf/yng


Tammi's Bathroom Lesson
by Raybolt

Ever since Tammi was a little girl, she would want to come into the
bathroom while her Grandpa Richard was peeing.  Normally she wouldn't
pay much attention to his thing, but today the little 7 year old was
getting an eye full.  She had never seen it get so big before, and she
wondered why it was doing that.

Grandpa Richard had been noticing how sexy little Tammi was getting and
he was finding it impossible to keep his cock from responding to having
the little girl so close to him while he exposed it to her young eyes.
He watched as her eyes got bigger as his cock began to grow hard.  He
could no longer pretend that this didn't turn him on and he began to
openly masterbate when his piss stream had slowed to a trickle.

Tammi's eyes were as wide as saucers, she had seen her Grandpa piss
before, but she had never seen him do this.  His thing had grown so big
that she couldn't see how he would ever fit it back inside his pants.
Then her Grandpa did something new, he reached into his pants and pulled
a sack of skin out that had a lot of hair on it.  She didn't know what it
was, but she was getting really curious and feeling a little funny down
in her tummy.

Grandpa watched Tammi's face carefully as he exposed his balls to her.
He was surprised when he saw the unmistakable look of curiosity and awe
on her young face.  He began jacking off in earnest now, watching her
and dreaming of her little lips wrapped around his cockhead.  As Grandpa
increased the speed with which he was masterbating, he began to grunt
and moan.  It felt so good to him to be doing this in front of his little
7 year old granddaughter.

Tammi couldn't take it anymore and asked, "What are you doing, Grandpa?"

"I'm making myself feel real good, Tammi," panted her Granddad.  "It's
called masterbation and it feels great when I do it or have someone else
do it for me."

"You mean you let someone else touch it?"

"Sure, if I can find a pretty gal that is willing, I'm happy to let them
touch it and make me feel good."

"Can I touch it, Grandpa?" Tammi asked.

Grandpa Richard let out a deep moan when he heard this.  The thought of
having his granddaughter touch him was bringing him quite close to a big
orgasm.  He turned to the girl and said, "Sure, come and give me your
hand and I will show you how to do it to make me feel the best."

Tammi reached her little hand out and grasped his rod tentatively.  She
couldn't believe how hot it felt in her hand and it was so alive, moving
on its own.  She could feel it pulsing in her hand.  The little girl was
having trouble holding the whole thing, but she tried to get her fingers
all the way around it.

Grandpa Richard reached down and positioned the little girl so she was
right in front of him with her thumb rubbing the sensitive underside of
his cock just behind the head.  He knew he wouldn't be able to hold out
very long, so he showed her how to move her hand and then held her hand
with his as they both jacked him towards his impending climax.

Tammi had never seen anything so big in her life and she was looking up
at her Grandpa's face to see if she was rubbing it right.  She thought
he was having trouble breathing, because his face was becoming really
red.  She looked down at the tip of her Grandpa's cock and realized that
it was getting really red too.  She also noticed a drop of clear liquid
coming from the tip of his cock.  She looked up and asked her Grandpa if
the liquid was pee.

"No, sweety, that is some lubrication that allows my cock to get really
wet so I can get it inside a girl.  It is called pre-cum and it comes
out of me, just before my cum does."

"What is cum, Grandpa?"

"Well, it is a white liquid that you are about to see coming out of the
same little hole.  It won't be long now, just keep pumping my cock and
you will see it soon."

Grandpa was really grunting now.  His eyes were focused on his little
granddaughters mouth, wishing he could stick his cock in her there.
Within seconds, he couldn't hold back anymore and felt his balls tighten
and his prostate start to pump.  He yelled, "Here it cums," to his little
sweet granddaughter, but it did nothing to prepare her for what happened
next.

As she opened her mouth to ask her Grandpa a question, the first shot of
his hot cum burst out of his cock and landed square in the center of her
open mouth.  Followed quickly by a second shot that hit her upper lip and
a third that coated her chin.  She didn't know what to do, so she closed
her mouth and swallowed the stuff in her mouth as the fourth shot hit her
dress square between where her little titties were hidden from view.  The
remaining shots hit her all over her little dress and ran down her naked
thighs.  When Gramps was done, Tammi was covered in sperm and had tasted
it for the first time.  To her Grandpa's amazement, the little girl licked
her lips to get the cum off her upper lip.

"Wow, Tammi, that felt great, thanks for doing that for me."

"You really had a lot of the white stuff.  Some got in my mouth, is that
ok?"

"Sure, it won't hurt you and it will make you grow up real pretty if you
swallow it."

"I did swallow some," smiled the little girl as she began licking her
fingers off and trying to find more cum to swallow.

"I know, you did that really good for a first try," said Grandpa Richard.

Tammi looked down and realized that her dress was going to have to be
changed, so she began taking it off right in front of her grandpa.  She
took the towel that her grandfather offered her and began drying her legs
and face off.

With only a pair of panties on the little girl now, Grandpa Richard felt
his cock begin to stir again.  He looked down at the little girl and asked
her if she wanted to take a shower with him.  A big smile broke out on his
face as the little girl said that she would love to take a shower with him.

He got the water ready and removed his clothes, then walked over to Tammi
and pulled her panties off of her.  The two got into the shower and began
to get rinsed off.  Grandpa took the bar of soap in his hands and began
to lather the little girls body, paying special attention to her young
hairless pussy.

Tammi had never felt anything like this.  It felt so good to have Gramps
rub her down there.  She felt all tingly and excited.  Suddenly she saw
that Grandpa's cock was starting to get hard again, so she grabbed it
and began rubbing it again.

Grandpa smiled when he realized that Tammi was going to play with his
hard cock again, but this time he wanted to try to get her to suck on
it, so he asked her if she wanted to get a lot of cum in her mouth this
time.

"Oh, yes Grandpa, I want to get it all into my mouth so I can swallow it
and become a really pretty girl."

"Well, then, I will show you a better way to make a man feel good by using
your mouth to suck the cum out of him."

With that, he positioned his cock at her lips and told her to open her
mouth.  When her mouth was open, he slowly pushed his cock into her cute
little 7 year old mouth.  He gave her instructions on how to use her
tongue to lick at his shaft and how to suck and bob her head up and down
on him.  She was a little awkward at first, but she began to get used to
the massive piece of meat that was stuffing her young face.

Grandpa was so turned on watching his little granddaughter try to suck
him that he couldn't hold back and unloaded a gigantic wad of cum into
the youngsters willing mouth.  She tried to swallow, but there was too
much cum so it shot out the sides of her mouth and dripped down her body.

When Grandpa had quit cumming, he removed his shrinking dick from the
child's mouth and began kissing her and licking his sperm from her young
body.  When he got down to her little pussy, he began sucking the child's
clit into his mouth and licking it with his tongue.  She didn't know what
her grandpa was doing, but she didn't ever want him to stop.  She felt
like she was going to explode, and surprisingly she did.  She came all
over her grandpa's tongue.

Both Grandpa and Granddaughter hugged each other and held each other for
a long time, before they finished washing and then got out of the shower.
They dried off and Grandpa got Tammi ready for bed.  As he kissed her
goodnight and started to leave the room, Tammi looked up at him and asked,
"When can we do that again?"

to be continued??? if you like it that is...















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....



