Archive-name: 3plus/babysitt.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Sexual Adventures in Babysitting


I had been babysitting Joey and Laura for about two years.  The Smiths were
my favorite family to work for, since they payed twice as much as my other
employers.  Besides, Mr. Smith was a pretty good looking guy and it gave me
food for thought.  Even at age 11, Joey still needed a babysitter.  Why,
when I was 12 I was watching kids.  Still, I was 18, 7 years older than
Joey, so I was able to exert the needed authority over him.  Joey's twin
sister, Laura, seemed less in need of a sitter, she was rather mature.

Chapter 1

On new years eve, when the Smiths wouldn't be home until late the next
morning, I figured I could really explore their big house.  Kids were in bed
at ten and I was starting to get bored.  I walked into the basement and
found a box of old porno rags.  I flipped through one took a look at some
of the pictures.  There was one with a woman spread legged and her vagina
shaved.  She held a vibrator close to the pussy lips.  Another picture
showed a woman sitting.  Between her legs were two penises, one in her ass
and one in her cunt.  A third penis was in front of her face and her tongue
grazed the top.  Another magazine showed pictures of nude women performing
sexual acts, oral, anal, vaginal, on one another.  The idea of me being
with another woman sexually turned me on a bit, but I dismissed it when I
heard some sounds above.  I carefully but quickly returned the magaizines
to their place and slipped upstairs.  I could hear talking of some sort
coming from Joey's room.  I walked down the hall and peeked slowly opened
the door.  There, in his bed, was Joey.  He was naked and straddled over a
life size doll.  In fact, it was a doll that I remember seeing in Laura's
room.  His hand was rubbing his penis, which was larger than I would have
expected to see on an 11 year old.  It stuck out from a reasonable thick
bush of pubic hair.  Alas, this boy who needs babysitting had the prick of
a man.  I watched quietly as he picked up a plastic sandwich baggie and
placed it over his cock and wrapped it around.  He then took the wrapped
penis and put it between the doll's legs!  He slid up until his pubic hair
touched the cloth crotch of the doll.  He then started to fuck it.  He
bounced up and down and slid back and forth on it.  He rubbed the two small
cloth mounds that make up the doll's fake breasts.  I thought about my
first time.  I was 16 and was under pressure from my friends to do it.
Turns out, none of them ever had and they called me a slut after I did it
with some guy I met at a party.  Funny, I enjoyed it.  But because of the
name calling I got, I never went all the way with a guy after that.  Joey's
plaything made me think of all I've done to get rid of sexual stress.  I've
fingered myself, used objects like bananas, and the like.  Joey's use of a
cloth doll made me think of the penis that I had constructed from some
velvet and pillow stuffing when I was 17.  I would slide the soft pillow in
and out of me while pretending it was Mel Gibson or someone of the like.
It would get yucky with my lubrication, so I would make another.  Each
time, it would be a little bigger and with more stuffing.

"I'm going to come in you baby," moaned Joey.  He was bucking his hips
faster and faster until his butt clenched.  He was exhausted and placed his
chest against that of the doll.  He rolled off after about a minute.  The
plastic bag stuck to his cock.  He carefully pulled it off, white goo
sticking to the bag and he prick.  He picked up a tissue and wiped off his
penis.  He pushed the dirty tissue into the baggie and wrapped the plastic
into a a paper bag and put the paper bag into his backpack.  He then picked
up the doll and, still nude, came over to the door.  I was able to move
into a doorway just in time.  He slipped into his sleeping twin's room and
returned without the doll.  He went back into his own room, put on his
PJ's, and went to sleep.

I was horney as Hell by this point.  I remembered seeing a bowl of fruit in
the kitchen.  Lucky me, there was a banana.  I took it in my hand and
slipped into the bathroom.  I lowered my jeans and panties and sat on the
toilet seat.  With my legs spread, I slowly pushed the yellow fruit into my
crack and pumped it while I dreamed of being fucked by a faceless man with
a huge cock.  I came quickly.  I pulled out the banana and looked at it.
Covered with my female cream.  I took a paper towel and wiped if off.
Perfect!  I put my pants back on and put the fruit, no worse off than
before, in the fruit bowl.

Chapter 2

I was invited back to sit the next weekend.  You know, those post new years
eve parties.  Anyhow, I was really excited about going because I now knew
about the porno rags.  Besides, the fact that I had fucked myself with a
banana and then put it back where someone, maybe Mr. Smith, would eat it.
Sure enough, the banana was gone (it would have been black and mushy
anyway).  At ten, Joey went upstairs to take a bath.  Laura had just gone
to bed.  When I heard the water stop, a quietly crept upstairs.  From
within the bathroom I could hear water gently splashing.  I very quietly
opened the door a crack.  There, standing in the tub, was Joey.  Once
again, he was naked and had that beautiful stiff cock.  In his hands was a
bar of soap, which he was lathering.  He then lowered the sudsy bar to his
penis and started to rub it, covering it with the rich lather.  He coated
his pubic hair with the white suds.  When his groin was totally white, he
dropped the soap into the water.  He then stroked with his hand along the
slippering rod between his legs.  I was turned on.  I really wanted a fuck.
So I did the amazing.  I shouldn't have.  He was only 11.  I stepped
inside.

"You know, you don't need to fuck your hand when you have a real woman in
the house," I said in calm voice.  Very natural.  He quickly dropped down
into the tub and covered himself with his hands.

"Don't worry... I won't tell.  Well, that is if you help me."  He looked
confused.  To demonstrate my point, I kicked the door closed.  Quietly
enough so as not to wake Laura.  I then pulled off my sweater and tossed in
near the door.  I slowly opened my top and tossed it along with the
sweater.  Joey was looking at my chest, covered with a bra.  I'm neither
big nor small.  I unsnapped my jeans and pulled then down.  Here I was,
standing in front of an 11 year old boy wearing only my bra and panties.  I
must have been crazy.

"Stand up and unhook this for me," I told him as I put my back to the tub.
He slowly stood and put a wet hand on my back and nervously unhooked my bra
clasp.  I dropped it off and threw it in the pile with the rest of my
clothes.  Without turning around, I pulled down my panties, which were a
bit wet in the crotch from that show Joey had given.  I bent over to pick
them up, giving Joey a full view of my ass and pussy.  I tossed my undies
with the rest.

"Don't bother getting out," I told him as I stepped into the tub.  I was
taller than him, his eyes just above my breasts.

"Down," I instructed and he lowered himself into the shallow water.  I
lowered my body and leaned over him.  My pussy was inches away from his
penis, limp from the fright.  I reached into the water and gently grabbed
his flaccid member.

"Come on, I saw you hard before... Do it again..." I said as I felt his
slowly thickening penis.  "Lift your butt out of the water so I can,
well... you'll see..."  I released my grip and he put his legs under him
and knelt on his knees so that his groin was out of the water.  I lowered
my face to it and took his penis into my mouth.  That one guy I was with
made me suck his cock.  Even though there was no real physical stimulation
for me, the idea of having a cock in my mouth was a real turn on.  And, as
I sucked, the penis got harder.

When Joey was stiff again, I pulled off.  His penis was big for an 11 year
old.  "I saw you fuck that doll.  Well, now you get to fuck a real woman."

I had him recline into the tub with his penis sticking out from the soapy
water.  I carefully moved over him; there was just enough room on each side
of him for my knees.  I took his penis into my hand and lowered myself onto
it.  As it slid into me, the memories of my first fuck came back.  Even
though I've come hard with bananas and my pillow-cock, there was no
substitute for the real thing.  Even though Joey was big for such a young
guy, he wasn't exactly a 12 incher.  But, he was good enough for me.

I guided his hands to my breasts and let his play with them as I slid up
and down on him.  I knew I was his first, except for the life sized doll.
And, of course, his hand.  He was sure to come quick.  In fact, I could
tell he was about to squirt and I pulled off.  He continued to rub my tits
as I stroked his cock until he came.  A spray of white goo shot from his
penis, landing on my lower chest.  I aimed his cock a little upward, and
the second squirt hit my chin and landed in the water.  He stopped
squeezing my tits as I finished milking him.  Each drop landed into the
water.

"Better than your hand, huh?" I asked.

"You said it!" I said.  He was happy.  I lowered my body into the tub with
him and we played around a little in the water, as puddles of cum floated
around.

We got out after a bit.  We dried off, but didn't get dressed.  I pushed my
clothes to the middle of the room so we could open the door.  The two of
use entered the hall, nude.  I sat down on the couch and spread my legs.

"Wanna eat me?" I asked him.  He was more than eager, albeit nervous.  He
walked over to me, his penis limp.  He lowered his head to my clean crotch
and carefully touched his tongue to the lips.  The guy who popped my cherry
wouldn't eat me.  I have heard stories that it's not always fun for the
guy.  But, since I had just bathed, I didn't suspect it would be so bad.

His tongue ran up and down my crack.  He was trying not to enter me, but
when I slowly pushed his hand into my inner thighs, his tongue parted my
pussy lips.  He was getting into it.  He put his hands to my crack and
rubbed and opened it while he licked.  A twinge hit me when he reached my
clitoris.  "There, that's the spot," I told him and he flicked my bud with
his tongue.  It didn't take long for my to start my orgasm with all his
tongue action.  For an inexperienced 11 year old, he was something.  My
orgasm must have scared him, because he pulled his face away.  I quickly
shoved my hands into my crotch and fondled myself until I was exhausted.

"You were wondeful!" I told him.  "But, sadly, it's time for bed."  We went
back to the bathroom.  I put my clothes back on.  He said that he
wanted to try sleeping in the nude.

"OK," I told him, "but don't cum in your sleep.  You wouldn't want to wake
up with cream all over your bed."  With that, he slipped into his room and
went to sleep.  I, too, was exhausted.  I fell asleep on the couch.

Chapter 3

I woke up only a hour later horny as hell.  I peeking in on Joey, but he
was asleep.  I went back downstairs and flipped on the TV.  Then I
remembered seeing a few VHS tapes down near the porno mags.  So I crept
down to the basement and picked one up and slid back upstairs.  All that it
said on it was "Sex 7/23" but I figured it had to be good.  Once in the
VCR, I was treated to a woman's crack.  She had a vibrator in her hand and
she slid it into the slit between her legs and started to pump it.
"Faster, honey" came a familliar voice.  As the camera zommed it, I could
tell it was Mrs. Smith who was fucking herself with that plastic cock.
Her body was nice.  Tits were a nice size.  Her pussy hair was obviously
trimmed.  The camera went off and then back on again.  Mr. Smith was
standing near his naked wife.  His limp cock hanging from his thick black
bush.  His wife then started to suck him.  As he pulled out, it was evident
he had come in her, since white goo followed his long prick as it slid out
of that beautiful mouth.  I slid my hand down to the crotch of my jeans and
rubbed at them.  I took a pillow from the couch and pressed it between my
clothed legs and started to fuck it.  As I watched my employers fuck, I was
lost.  So lost, that I didn't even hear them come in.  A heard a cough and
quickly threw the pillow across the room.

There they were, Mr. and Mrs. Smith watching me fuck a pillow as I watch
them fuck each other on video.  I was upset at being caught.  This was odd
behavior, of course.  And if my parents found out about any of this, I'd
never be allowed to be alone again.

"Don't tell!" I whaled, but not too loudly as to wake the kids.

"And I hope you won't say anything of that tape," said Mrs. Smith.

"Of course, there is something you can do for me..." added Mr. Smith.  I
wasn't thinking.  I should have known.  But when he started to unzip his
pants, I knew what was coming.  As he slipped his penis from his slacks, I
was shocked.  Was he going to rape me?  In front of his wife?  With his
kids upstairs?

"Do you know how to give head?" he asked.  As his penis started to stiff
up, it was no longer an issue of me doing what he said to avoid trouble.  I
wanted him.  I carefully leaned forward and opened my mouth.  I kept it
open wide as his shaft entered my mouth.  Slowly, I closed me lips around
it and started to suck.  His prick was yummy.  As I nursed it, his penis
hardened and grew.  I pretended not to enjoy it.  After all, his wife was
there.

"Ah, deary, you lack style.  Lick his first to get his excited." Mrs. Smith
explained to me as she bent down close to he husband's cock as it slipped
out of my mouth.  And, to demonstrate, she stuck out her tongue and stroked
the head with her tongue.  It twitched.

"Now, you try.  Lick the underside along that vein..." she said as she
lifted his prick and ran her finger down the vein on the underside.

Again, I lowered my head.  She continued to hold that beautiful cock as I
gingerly stoked up and down the shaft with my tongue.  A few times I
flicked his balls.  Suprisingly, Mrs. Smith rewarded that with a "atta
girl!"

As if sucking off my boss while his wife helped wasn't odd enough, Mrs.
Smith started to pull up my sweater.  She pulled it over my head, causing
me to stop my tongue action.  Then, as I sat in shock, she unbuttoned my
shirt.  When she put her cold hands on my bra clasp, I gasped.  Mr. Smith
took that oppertunity to plunge his rod into my mouth.  A bit too fast,
because I gagged on him.  SNAP!  The clasp opened and it fell down.  My
breasts were exposed.  For the first time since this whole thing had
started, I was afraid.

"Uh, Mrs. Smith..." I began.

"Sarah.  And call him Doug."

"Mrs. Smi... Sarah... The kids..."

"Don't worry... they won't wake... if you are quiet."  She slowly started
to stroke my bare chest.  Why?  Certainly not lesbian, I shouldn't think.
Bi?  No time to think, this was going so fast.

In fact, so fast that I didn't notice that Doug had slipped his penis back
into my mouth and was bucking his hips back and forth.

"You know what I'd love to see?  You come in her mouth.  That pretty
mouth.." she began.  "Listen, swallow his cum.  Trust me, you'll like it.
See if you can suck him dry."  Neither that guy I was with nor Joey had
come in my mouth.  But, before I could pull away, a warm blast hit the back
of my mouth.  I sucked hard, to please them both.  But his bucking hips and
thrusting penis made swallowing impossible.  Cream fall from my mouth as he
quickly pulled out.  The last squirt hit my cheek.  Sarah was quick.  She
quickly pushed her lips to mine and forced my lips open with her tongue.
She began to French kiss me, cleaning out my mouth.  Although I was now
Frenching another woman, I was happy.  The come tasted pretty good.  Her
tongue felt comfortable in my mouth.  And I was sure that was no way they
would tell.  Especially since they had "forced" me into this.

"Jeez, I'm wet!" Sarah cried as she wiped her mouth.  And she was not
talking about the goo she was wiping away.  She stood up and yanked down
her skirt.  Sure enough, a wet patch was in the crotch of her panties.
Faster than I could blink, down they came.  There, at eye level was a
shaven pussy.  No hair.  But, from my floor view, her crack was in clear
view.  She sat on the couch and spread her legs.

"Bring her to orgasm, too.  You did a great job on me..." Doug rewarded.

"Suck my clit!  I want that tongue of your's inside me!" she said as she
fingered herself.  Was I ready to eat another woman's pussy?  Sucking face
was one thing.  And yet, I was more turned on by the sight of her frigging
herself than anything else I had ever seen.  I leaned towards her as she
pulled out her fingers.  Slowly my tongue reached the folds and, because it
was loose from the masterbation, inside.  Quickly, she pushed my forward,
so I was lying on the floor.  She lowered herself onto my face and rubbed
her hairless cunt into my mouth.  "Eat me!" she moaned as I did my best.  I
was alternating between being scared that I might be bisexual and enjoying
her.  I had Joey eat me, and if I was anything like this, he must have
enjoyed it!  She was quick to come, as her vaginal mussles contracted
aroung my tongue.  Her clear lubrication ran down my face.  And she
stopped, and stood up.  I was lying there, bare chested and dazed.

"Get her out of those pants, so we can see what's in there," the lady of
the house said as she completed her nudity by pulling off her top and bra.

I was too dazed to do anything as Mr. Smith removed my pants.  In fact, I
even lifted my butt for him.  My panties, too, were a bit wet.  They got me
out of them, and there I was.  Naked to the world.  Doug spread my legs and
slowly rubbed my patch of hair and then the outside of my cunt.  And he
started to eat me.  I loved it.  He was obviously more experienced than his
son.  "I want to CUM!" I told him.  I couldn't believe I said that.  But he
took the hint and started to suck at me, flicking my clitoris.  Just as I
was about to come, he stopped.

"Stop that, you tease..." Sarah began.  "Just fuck her.  I think she needs
to be deflowered."  Little did she know who had already entered me.  I
looked at her as she made slow circular motions on her tits.  And then back
at the long hard cock that danced in front of me.

"Put it in, already!  I want to feel your cock inside of me!" I said again,
for I really needed to let off my orgasm.  Mrs. Smith took the hint and
leaned over and sucked one of my tits into her mouth.  And he slipped in.
The Mrs. was nursing my breasts and the Mr. was pumping his meat in and out
of me.  I was wet, and he slid easily.  It wasn't long before he shot his
second load of the night into me.  This was the first time anyone had ever
orgasmed inside me.  And the warm sticking goo along with his penis filling
up my inside made me come.  And hard.  He pulled out and his wife finished
off the job as she cleaned out her husband's sperm.

"We think you've had enough for tonight.  Are you free next week?  We'll be
out until 12.  But after that, who knows what can happen..." Mr. Smith
proposed.  I smiled and said yes.


Chapter 4

I arrived the next week at 6.  Doug and Sarah Smith said that they would be
later than expected.  "Most likely 2 or 3 AM.  But we hope you can stay..."
said Sarah and gave me a wink.  I was excited about having another
encounter with them, although a bit nervous.  I had worn exactly the same
clothes as the previous week.

The twins were their rooms at 10.  I thought about what was to come, and
that made me horny.  I slowly wandered upstairs and peeked in on Joey.
Maybe he would be jacking off.  No deal, he was asleep.  On my way back
down, I noticed a light from Laura's room.  I slowly opened the door and
there she was, back to me, taking off her clothes.  She was wearing only
her panties, cute ones that read "Weekend" on them.  But her ass was good
and mature.  She also was wearing a bra.  She unhooked it and tossed it
over into the hamper in her room.  She slid down the panties and tossed
them over.  Yes, her ass was nice.  I sneezed.  Laura quicky turned around,
forgetting her nudity.  Her breasts weren't big.  Still, like her brother,
she was mature.  The mounds on her chest were not done growing, but were
still definite.  Her pussy hair was dark, but not terribly thick.

She then realized her body, and tried to cover up with her hands.

"Ain't got nothing I've never seen," I told her as I slipped inside.  I
hadn't planned it, but the idea of the woman-to-woman sex I had with Sarah
flashed through my mind.  I had liked it.  And fuck anyone who says that
sex with both sexed is wrong.  I was turned on in fact, to this young body.
Only 11, but still enough to make me want to... well, you'll see.

"See," I said as I began to remove my clothes.  She stood there, with a
hand across her chest and a hand over her pussy, stunned.  I was rapid,
getting totally nude in a matter of seconds.  I stood there, unashamed of
my body.  It seemed to make pretty Laura feel better, because she dropped
her pose.

"Do you ever, uh, masterbate?" I asked her.  She blushed but did not
answer.  "It's OK.  I do."  That seemed to make her happy, because she
smiled.

"Sometimes.  Why?" she asked.

"Just wondering.  Next question, you ever fuck a guy?"  She was very quick
to answer "No way!"  And my last question, "What about other girls, have
you ever felt one down here?" I spread my legs a bit and stroked the crack
between my legs.

"No," she replied quietly.  I moved closer to her, a placed a hand on her
right breast.  Like I said, it wasn't full.  But the firmness of it was
nice.  I suspected she'd have beautiful tits like Sarah in another year or
so.  I traced the nipple and then switched to the other.  She did nothing,
just standing there.

"Go ahead, you can touch mine."  It was almost like she wanted to, because
a trembling hand quickly came to rest on the valley between my boobs.  She
shifted her hand under one and lifted it up.

After a bit of tit play, I slid her hand off me.  "Lie down" I told her and
she did.  I climbed onto her bed and straddled her legs between my knees as
I knelt over her.  I started to stroke her chest, continuing down to her
light patch of hair.  I slipped my hands through it.  I took both hands and
pushed her legs apart, so that I could see her crack.  She said she was a
virgin.  But she finger pops herself.  I slipped one finger inside and she
lifted her head.

"Are you sure this is OK?" she asked.  "Only if you want to continue.  Do
you want me to stop?"  She shook her head and put it back down.  I
continued my exploration of her vagina.  She was rather tight.  Her
masterbating must not have done much to enlarge her hole.  I slid my hand
under her soft ass and lifted it up, putting a pillow beneath it.  Her
petite pussy pointed towards my face, I dove in and licked at it.  Her
mother had a wonderful one, but Laura's cunt was somehow better.  Maybe
because I knew she was only 11 and that was exciting.  I quickly lifted my
head, "Do you like that?" I asked her.  "Oh yes, better than fingers."

I played around with her with awhile, but she was not ready for a full
orgasm.  "Want to do me?" I asked.  She didn't hesitate, because she sat
up.  I propped my ass up on the pillow and let her have her way.  She was
inexperienced, of course.  Her first lesbian encounter.  But, that made it
all that better.  Her tongue job was unpredicatable, and I knew that I
would orgasm.  I told her, as not to scare her.  She just kept on licking
and touching me as my hips bucked in delight.

I felt bad about not being able to bring her to orgasm.  "Wait here," I
told her.  I slipped into the hall opened my handbag, still nude.  Hell,
no one see me that hadn't already.  I returned with a small rubber penis.
It was put in my locker after word got around that I fucked that guy.  I
used it once, but found that it was too small for my hole.

"Here, try this," I told Laura as I handed it to her.  She looked at it and
slowly pushed it between her legs.  Too small for me, it was a bit too big
for her.  "Give it back for a second."  I also had brought with me a small
bottle of Vasoline.  I rubbed a bit of the lubricant on the fake cock.
Tell you what, I'll show you how to use this if you eat me again.  I
lowered my twat over her face and face her pussy.  I slowly slid the head
of the cock into her.  Then a little more.  After I felt she had enough of
it, I started to pump her.  We both came at the same time.

She was tired.  I helped her get into her night clothes and get into bed.
"You can have this," I told her as I wiped off the rubber penis.  "Just
don't tell you parents."  True, they fucked me.  But somehow I didn't
think they'd aprove of this, me teaching there kid to masterbate.  She
smiled and put in into a blue bag that read "Shop and Save" and put it
under her bed.  "My parents would never look there."

"Good night.  And maybe some day, we can do this again."


Chapter 5

Sure enough, Doug and Sarah returned home at 2.

"We know you saw our video.  What'd you think?" asked Sarah.  I wasn't sure
how to answer, except for "pretty good."

"Well, to get us all in the mood, why don't we watch some more," suggested
Doug.  He went down to the basement and returned with a tape and popped it
into the VCR.  The three of us sat on the couch, with each one of my
employers on a different side of me.  Mrs. Smith help the VCR remote and
pressed the play button.

There was Mr. Smith.  He was standing nude with his penis limp.  He took it
in his hand and started to wag it back and forth.  As he did, it became
harder.  Once he was fully erect, Mrs. Smith, still fully dressed, entered
the scene.  She started to suck him off.  A side view showed her moving her
mouth back and forth over his wondeful cock.  Every once in a while, she
would take his entire length into her mouth.  Finally, she pulled her face
away.  Just as the head of his prick left her mouth, his cock spasmed.
White goo shot out from his prick and onto his beautiful wife's chin.  He
hand quickly grabbed his cock and she stroked it sending another shot right
onto her cheek.  As soon as he was done ejactulating, he bent down and
started to lick his own cum off his wife's face.

The screen then froze.  Sarah had pressed the pause button.  Then, in an
almost comical fashion, the cum started to shoot back into his cock.  She
was rewinding the tape.  Then, when it was back to the point just before
his prick left her mouth, she paused it again.  In slow motion, we watched
the scene again.  I though this to be a bit sick.  It was perverted enough
that they had taped it.  Even stranger that they had their 18 year old baby
sitter watch it with them.  But to watch a cum shot in slow motion, that
was bizzarre.

The next scene gave me another small surprise.  I say small, because I had
learned that these people were not the prudes that they seemed like in real
life.  They were really quite open about sex.  I suddenly got a flashback
to my encounter with Laura, their daughter.  No, even though we had done
all this, they would not approve of me teaching Laura, or Joey, about these
things.

Anyway, I was a bit surprised to see that the next scene didn't seem to be
a sex scene.  In fact, it was normally home video of the Smith family at
Disney World.  There were the kids.  But Sarah didn't fast forward.
Anyway, when Joey and Laura got in line for the Haunted Mansion, I could
see what was going to happen.

"We'll meet you kids in twenty minutes at the exit, " began the dad who was
running the camera.  "We're kind of tired."

So the kids went off the ride.  The camera then followed Sarah as they
headed off into the park.  Finally, they stopped at one of the characters.
It was Snow White.  The camera then followed Snow to a door market private.
They went inside.  The camera went off and then back on again.  When it
returned, there was Snow White, who was a pretty good looking young lady,
taking off her costume.  And there was Doug, taking off his tourist
clothes.  Apparently, Sarah had the camera.  When Snow White got her
clothes off, she looked somehow cute and somehow sexy.  Her tits were
smallish, but her dark pussy hair matched her dark hair.  She sat down on a
bench and spread her legs.  Doug ate her cunt as Sarah filmed from several
angles.  Then, with some trouble, Sarah put the camera down and got it to
point to the bench.  She entered the picture, naked.  Doug slipped his
penis into Snow White's cunt as she licked at Sarah's vagina.  Man, these
people were kindy.  Finally, Doug pulled out of Snow White.  He picked up
the camera and zoomed in on her crotch.  Sarah's hand reached into the
picture and started playing with the character's pussy.  Doug's cum dripped
out.

I was a bit shocked.  Why, I loved Disney.  And Snow White is supposed to
be so wholesome.  And yet, because it was so strange, I was turned on.  And
with that, Sarah turned off the tape.

"And here, dear, is something you might recognize."  Doug handed me a
banana.  How did he know?  "Why don't you show us how you use it."

Losing any possible inhabitions, I stood up and lowered my pants and
panties.  I sat down on a chair across from the Smiths.  I spread my lower
lips and slowly pushed the banana in.  I closed my eyes as I pumped with
the fruit.  I though about what it would be lick to feel Snow White's firm
tits.  What it would be like to eat Doug's seman from her pussy.  I had
forgotten I was giving a show.  The more I thought, the faster I pumped.
As I got close to orgasm, I bucked my hips, pushing the banana further into
me.  Finally, I came.  I opened my eyes.  There was Mr. Smith, with a
camcorder.  He had recorded me fucking with a banana.  Mrs.  Smith came
over to me, took the fruit, and licked at it.

"You're welcome to keep any tape that we make of you.  No need to worry.
We think, however, that you'll be happy to have a video memory."  She was
right.  I couldn't wait to see what I looked like masterbating like that.
And I knew that they had more in store for me.

The Smiths were quick to undress.  Doug's cock sprung to attention as he
pulled down his underpants.  I looked at Sarah's crotch.  It interested me
how she had shaved off her pussy hair.  There were some neat things about
having that patch, but I wondered what it would be like to go bald there.

"Um, I was wonder, uhhh..." I began.  "What's it like to have your pussy
shaved?"

"Great!  You can get more feeling, especially at first.  And when you're
being eaten out, your partner can really get in there.  Only thing to
realize is that if you want to stay hairless, you're got to shave often.
And when it grows back, it's thicker than before.  But, if you prefer to
have pussy hair, that can be a plus."

In the spirit of the kinkiness, I asked another question.  "Would you show
me how?"

Sarah smiled.  "Of course!  Let me go get some supplies while Doug warms
you up."  She left the room, nude.

Doug and I embrassed, my tits crushed between us.  He fingered my pussy a
bit.  Sarah was quick to return with shaving cream, some towels, and a razor.

The three of us then went into the bathroom.  The same one where I had
fucked Joey in the tub.  Without any water, Sarah climbed in and had me
sit on the edge.  She spread me legs and took a quick lick at my crack.
Doug then sprayed some shaving cream on his hand and moved the puff to my
muff (ugh, no poem intended).  He worked the later into my hair and down my
crack to my butt.  I liked the sexy look of my white pussy.  Sarah
carefully pulled the blade across my patch.  It tickled, and I liked the
feeling.  Slowly, she shaved between my legs.  I was scared that she would
cut my lower lips or something, but she was a real pro.  Once done, she
pulled down the shower head and sprayed a little water on my pussy.  With
the towel, she dried me off.

I got off the edge of the tub and looked at myself in the mirror.  Sure
enough, my pubic hair was gone.  I rubbed at it.  Smooth, it was.  I felt
beteen my legs.  No hair.  In fact, the sensation of the raw skin was
great.  I though I would come just from touching my bare puusy.

Meanwhile Doug was stroking his cock as he watched his wife shave my pubic
hair.  I walked over to him and started to lick at his erect cock.  Sarah
took the hint and joined me.  Our tongues touched serveral times as we both
gave Mr. Smith a toungue bath over his penis.  He then quickly pulled his
cock away from us, and aimed it towards my now bare pussy.  A glob of come
shot from it and landed on the smooth spot.  He sure was a good shot.  He
allowed the rest of the cream to end up in his hand.  Once he was done, he
bent over and rubbed the goo over my raw patch and into my pussy folds.
The slick seman made the rawness feel better.  And yet, all that more sexy
at the same time.

I wasn't too surprised (I'd learned not to be with these people) when Mrs.
Smith took it upon herself to clean my off and out with her mouth.  Her
toungue licked up the white mess from my crotch.

The three of us, naked, went back into the room with the video camera.  I
was a bit surprised to see a new person sitting in the room.  He was young,
my age I would guess.  A quite good looking.  I'd never seen his before and
quickly tried to cover myself as he started to eye me.

"This is William.  He's another one of our special friends."  Sarah's use
of the word "another" made me realize that I was not the only one.  Sure,
there was Snow White and all.  But this seemed different.  My jelously
overcame my embarassment and I let down my hands.  Afterall, Doug and Sarah
were standing around nude, too.

And then, I had a thought.  Sarah was certainly bi-sexual.  Or, at least
she never seemed to mind doing it to me or Snow.  But, was Doug?  Would he
make it with this guy?

William was quite speedy in removing his clothes.  His chest was good and
his butt was great.  His cock wasn't as big as Doug's, but it stood out
stiff and strong, all the same.

Mrs. Smith, usually the first to make a move, moved over to William and
started to fondle his prick.  Mr. Smith quickly got the camera ready and
started to film the handjob.  She quickly moved onto sucking on him.  And
Mr. Smith didn't mind.  This was his wife, for crying out loud.  Then
again, she encouraged him to fuck me, so this seemed fair.

"Go and help her!" Doug suggested from behind the camera.  I moved close to
Sarah and, as we had done earlier to Doug, performed double felatio on this
young guy.  Our lips and tongues collided as we moved over the length of
his penis.  And, then, as he came, Sarah moved his cock back and forth so
that both of us would get some of his juice.  His cream was quite thick.
It's taste was no better and no worse than Doug's, just different.

During this action, I got a peek at the TV, where the live video was
being played.  It was strange to see the two of getting splashed across the
face like that.  And then, we cleaned each other's faces off.

"Mind taking the camera for a bit?" Doug asked.  My pussy needed a cock in
it, but I consented.  As I looked through the view finder, I could see a
Sarah sitting on the coach, her legs spread.  She was giving her husband a
blow job (and she does them so well) as William was eating at her pussy.
The thought of having two men service me seemed so wonderful.  I tried to
capture the sexiness of the situation on film the best I could.  But, it
became too much.  I arranged the camera so that it would continue to
capture the coach area.  William's deflated cock hung between his legs and
I took that oppertunity to suck it into my mouth as I lay on the floor.
His penis inflated in my mouth as I nursed him.  The four of us were in a
incredible sexual chain.

William's ejaculation was fairly empty, as he had just come.  A small thin
stream ran over my tongue.  Not much, but still welcome.  I continued to
keep his penis in my mouth as it shrank down to its flaccid state.

I returned to my post at the camera to catch the finish of this act.  Sarah
seemed happy with William's licking and Doug was furiously fucking his
wife's face.  Soon after, Sarah came.

"Wait," Doug said as he pointed to me, "you haven't been pleasured yet."
He was quick to get my down on the coach and to begin eating my pussy.  As
he did this, I watched William finger Sarah.  His he did this, his young
penis was starting to grow again.  Not as hard as before, but it did have
some life to it.  That's when Doug stood up and slid his penis into me.  I
hadn't expected it, but it felt nice to feel his meat once again.  William
took that cue and slid his semi-erection into Sarah.  In sync, the two of
them pumped back and forth.  Doug, having just had an incomplete blow job,
quickly released his warm come into me.  The feeling released me and I came
in way that was terribly powerful.  My bare raw pussy ached as he continued
to plunge into me, even after his squirting had ended.  He was getting
deep, deep into me.  I thought my orgasm wouldn't end.


Chapter 6

I received a call a few weeks later from the Smith's asking me to sit for
the kids.  When I arrived, the kids were watching TV.  Doug took me into
another room.

"Sorry to disappoint you, but we won't be having any fun, if you know what
I mean, tonight."

I told him that it was OK, I could use the rest.  Mr. and Mrs. Smith then
left for the evening.

I sat and watch some sit-coms with the kids for a bit and then encouraged
them to go to bed.  I crept down to the basement and looked in that old
box.  There was a gift-wrapped present with my name on it!  I looked at the
card: "Something for you to watch when you get lonely -- love the Smiths."
I tore off the wrapping to find a video tape inside.  I knew in an instant
what it was.  I had forgotten about the video we made that night.  I rushed
upstairs and popped it into the machine.

It started off with some general fucking between the Smiths.  And then, me
pumping that banana in and out of my crack.  In was so unusual to see
myself do that.  I liked it.  I continued to watch my sexual exploits,
hoping that there were no copies of the tape.  I watched as I fucked and
sucked with Sarah, Doug, and the young hunk named William.  My days of being
a nice young virgin were over.  Here was photographic evidence!

I had fun with the pause button, freezing certain frames.  I had fun
playing it backwards and forwards.  But when I heard the footsteps coming
towards me, I lost control of the remote.

"Man, look at that!" shouted Joey as he walked into the room and saw a
the scene of me playing with the banana.  I scrambled for the button and
clicked off the tape.

"Um, what did you guys see?"

"Oh nothing..." claimed Joey.  The twins seemed more embarassed than I was.
But then I remembered, I had caught Joey fucking a doll and masterbating in
the tub.  And, what's more, I had sex with these two.

In my embarassment, I hadn't clicked the stop button at all.  I noticed
that there was, on the TV, a picture of my licking William's cock.  Another
tongue continued to enter the screen, but it wasn't obvious who it was.  I
really didn't think it would be a good idea for these kids to see their Mom
giving face to anyone, especially someone who wasn't their Dad.  This
rattled me even more, and I again hit the forward button.  This time, it
was William eating an unknown pussy.  Better the kids think it was me
getting eaten than know the truth.  But then, when I entered the scene and
started to suck the limp cock, it was evident that the vagina wasn't mine.
Finally, I got the tape off.

"How 'bout we just forget we say anything, huh?"  I knew they would both
keep quite because I had my little secrets about them.  "Just gone on back
to bed."  I was really nervous.  Not as nervous as when Mr. and Mrs. Smith
caught me that first time, but still I was afraid.

"I won't tell, if you won't..." Joey looked at his twin.  She looked at me
as if to say "he doesn't know, does he?" and replied "No, that's OK.  I
won't."

The two of them went back to bed.  I popped the tape out and put it back in
the gift box.  I sat down quietly to return to my composure.

When I felt better, I decided to talk to the kids, one at a time, to make
sure that we understood one another.  I would simply explain that we both
had secrets and I would keep mine if they kept theirs.

I headed towards Laura's room, as hers was the first.  Her light was on and
I could hear soft whispering inside.  I tried to hear what they were
saying, but I couldn't.

Deciding to take the bull by the horns, I pushed open the door.  There was
Laura standing in the middle of the room in her cute bra and cotton
panties.  Nearby was her twin brother, wearing only his underpants.  And,
at that, they weren't really fully on.  He had his back to her and had the
back lowered just enough so that the top of his crack was visible.

When they heard me enter, Joey yanked up his underpants and Laura froze.

"Looks like I don't need to worry about you guys keeping my secret, huh?"
I knew what they were doing was wrong, but with all that had recently
happened to me, it really didn't seem to matter.

"We were just, uh..." Joey was searching for a good story.

"Fuck?" I asked.  I couldn't believe I said it.  But it was pretty obvious.

"NO!" cried Laura.  Even though I had lesbian sex with her and given her my
rubber penis, she thought she could lie to me.

"Look, it's OK.  Cats out of the bag.  You saw me do some wicked stuff on
the tape.  I've done with both of you..."  They exchanged confused glances.
"Why don't well all just relax since we have nothing to hide from each
other."

I guess with the fact that we were all in the same boat made us all relax.
In fact, I felt so much better that my mind started to wander back to the
two half naked kids.  I remembered how mature their bodies were, especially
for their ages.  I remembered what I had seen and done with them.  And the
fact that they saw me do these things with the unknown strangers on the TV
made me feel sexy again.  My fear was gone.

"Why don't you two continue with what you were doing.  I won't tell."  I
sat down in a chair next to Laura's desk.

They looked at each other.  I guess the fact that there seemed like no way
out made them continue.  And I felt bad.  "If you don't want to, you can
stop.  But don't let me get in the way on what you were going to do.  And,
if you want, I could help."

I really wasn't surprised when Joey turned around and started to lower his
underpants again.  His cute little butt slowly appeared from the white
fabric.  Laura unhooked her bra and dropped it to the floor.  Before she
covered her breasts with her hands, I got a nice look at them.  As I
remembered, small but rather firm and definitely still growing.  I
suspected she'd end up like her mother.

By this point, Joey had gotten his underpants down and started to turn
around.  His nice sized penis (especially for his age) penis was
semi-erect, pointing downward from his patch of pubic hair.

The site of her brother's penis let Laura lose her inhibitions and she
removed her hands from her chest and started to pull down her panties.  Her
light bush appeared as she slid down them down.

There I was, looking at two nude twins.  Funny, even though their nudity
should have emphasized their differences (one a boy, one a girl), they
looked more like twins than ever before.  And, I could see traces of their
parents wonderful bodies in the children.

They started to feel each other.  Joey lighten stroked at the firm tits of
his sister.  Laura gave a rather nice hand job to her brother.  He was
stiff and strong in no time.

I was getting hot, but did not move.  I continued to watch and they
performed at though I wasn't there.

Laura bent down and lightly licked at the head of Joey's penis.  I twitched
and she caught it on the downswing with her cute bottom lip.  Slowly she
slid her mouth down along the shaft, taking more and more of him into her.
She couldn't quite get his length, but she did a very good job of getting
close.  Once she had her nose lightly touching his patch of hair, she
closed her lips around him and started to suck as she moved her head back
to allow him to slid out of her.  And then back, this time her nose
actually going into the hair.  As she slid back and forth, her pretty lips
wrapped around him, she would take more and more each time.  I was rather
impressed by the job she was doing and started to wonder how much they had
actually done this before.

"I'm about to come..." he told her.  She quickly slipped off, letting his
wet penis flap back and forth a few times.  She went over to the bed and
spread her legs, revealing that pretty pussy of hers.  Joey used this as an
oppertunity for him to relax his penis and keep himself from coming.  He
placed his face between her smooth legs and started to lick at her.  From
my viewpoint, I really couldn't seem much, but the site of small tits
shifting around her as she moved her body in sync with Joey's work really
turned me on.  Her facial expression soon turned to pleasure, and I could
tell that her brother had brough her off.  Her squeels of pleasure and her
grasping of Joey's head made this spectacle all the more obvious.  When
Joey lifted his face from Laura's cunt, his mouth was wet.  He wiped it off
with his bare arm.

I took a quick look at his penis.  It was back to the semi-erect state.
The next thing that I saw was the biggest shocker of all.  It was something
throughout all I had exerienced I didn't give too much thought to.  Laura
pulled out that supermarket bag I gave her with the rubber penis.  She
pulled out a foil package.  It was a condom.

Quietly, she ripped it open and pulled out the ring of latex from inside.
As she did this, Joey was slowly fingering his cock to a full erection.
Laura expertly placed it on the head of his cock.  Joey took over my
rolling it down over his penis.

Joey than got into the bed and leaned back, his covered penis pointing to
the ceiling.  Laura climbed a top him and slowly lowered herself onto him.
I had the perfect position for this, as the rubber covered rod slipped into
her.

Laura started to rock back and forth, allowing Joey to slip about halfway
out of her and then back.  I moved a bit closer and noticed that he had his
penis fully in her.  Quite impressive considering that Joey really was
large for their age.

Rather quickly the pace quickened as Laura started to bounce up and down.
He breasts trying to bounce, but resisting too much movement.  Finally,
Joey reached up and pulled his sister down by the hips.  He held her there
as he emptied his cock into the thin bag that seperated them.

Joey reached down and placed his hand on the base of his penis as Laura
climbed off.  He stood up and slowly started to unroll the condom from his
shrinking penis.  As he got it off, a thin line of goo clung to his prick
and Laura was quick to use her finger to cut it.  She was also rather quick
to lower herself to the messy penis and clean it with her tongue, which she
did quite well.  All the while, Joey held the condom.

"You guys look tired.  You did a great show for me, why don't I do one for
you."  I was the first time I had spoken in a while.

I stood up and pulled off my clothes.  I really emphasized my breasts and
my pussy as I removed my bra and panties.  I was so horny that I was quite
rough with myself.  I squeezed my breasts and shook them up and down as if
to say to Laura "hey, mine are bigger."

I liberated Joey of his condom and dipped a finger into the warm white
juice inside.  I put it to my lips and tasted it.  Yes, it was quite good.
As I've said before, not quite comparable to either William's or Doug's.
Good in a different way.

I dipped in another finger and spread some across my chest and my nipples.
It was dirty, but so was everything else about the whole thing.

I then emptied the contents into my hand and started to run my crack with
it.  The goo permeated my crack.  I was glad that I had kept my pussy
shaved, for this would have been very messy otherwise.  Strange, the kids
didn't notice.

I was quick to bring myself to climax.  Once I came back to Earth, I looked
at the naked kids.  I looked at myself.

"Bath time!" I said in a rather cheery way.

We spent about 20 minutes, the three of us, cleaning each other off in the
bathroom.  No real sex stuff, but lots of touching and lots of soap.

As I settled back downstairs with the kids finally asleep in their own
beds, tired from all the activity, I thought back on everything.  My first
sexual encounter.  My being made fun of my friends as school.  My catching
Joey fucking the doll and masterbating in the tub.  My getting caught by
Doug and Sarah and having them break me in.  William, Snow White, and all
the other things.  It was all so strange.  I fell asleep thinking about it
all.

When I awoke, I decided to look in on the kids.  Sure enough, they were
fast asleep.  There was still some time before I was supposed to leave and
I really didn't feel like watching some Hair Club 30 minute comercial.  So,
I went back to the home tape library.  I selected a tape and took a look.
I really wasn't too interested in getting horny or masterbating.  I
realized that I could no longer work for the Smiths, that the sex was
great, but too much.  That my involvement with them and the kids and who
knows who else was going too fast.  I wanted to take that one last look.

I pushed play and watched as Sarah lying naked on a sheet on the floor
started to stroke herself.  All over.  And then the camera showed a large
group of men.  I recognized Doug and William.  And the others, the 6 or 7
of them, were strangers.  All great looking with nice erections.  Then
started to jack off.  "Three... Two... One..." came an announcement from
Sarah.  At the "one" all the men there, they climaxed.  Nine streams of
white goo shot from their penises splashing over her body.

I click off the tape.  Yes, I had enjoyed it and was glad to have had the
experience.  And now, it was time to move on to other adventures (watch for
them).

--
