                        Babysitting Discovery
                               Part 2
                          By Mitchell Knight
        
        "What are you doing up?" I asked, my fear turning to anger. 
        "I couldn't get to sleep.  I was cold," Nick complained. 
        I buttoned the top my pants and walked over to him.  It was a
little chilly in the house I now noticed.  The air was cool against my
naked torso.  I just didn't notice it before when I was getting so heated
up. 
        "What were you watching?" Nick asked.  I glanced at him and noticed
his pajama pants were sticking out in the crotch.  I wondered if seeing me
on the couch like that had excited him or if his erection was for another
reason. 
        "You mean you didn't see?" I asked, feeling one of my concerns
dissolve away. 
        "No.  You turned it off before I could look.  I was...I was looking
at you," Nick answered. 
        'Did he blush?' I wondered.  The lighting was dim in the hall we
were talking through, but I could have sworn I saw faint coloration in his
cheeks as he made his admission. 
        "I was watching something that little kids shouldn't watch," I told
him.  We were on the stairs now. 
        "I'm not a little kid," Nick protested.  "I want to watch it."
        "You can't," I argued once we were in his room.  "Look, let me see
if I can find an extra blanket.  Get back in bed."
        Nick crawled slowly under the covers while I went into the hall
closet.  I found a thick quilt and brought this back.  I threw it on the
bed and carefully tucked it in around Nick. 
        "There, are you warmer now?" I asked. 
        "Yeah."
        "Okay, now go back to sleep," I said.  I started to leave. 
        "Can I see you dick again?" Nick asked. 
        "Huh?"
        "I don't get to see hairy ones.  Please?" Nick pleaded.  "I'll show
you mine."
        Nick pushed off the blankets and quickly pulled down his loose
pants to expose his cute little boy penis to my eyes.  It had gone limp
which I was disappointed with, but it was an interesting change from the
large hairy ones I always saw in the showers at school. 
        "Okay, now ya gotta show me yours," Nick said, sliding his pants up
after giving me that quick peek. 
        I decided to go along with it.  I guess it had something to do
with playing fair, and I was also excited by the idea of intentionally
showing him my penis. 
        I undid my pants and pulled them down to midthigh.  My penis was
semihard so it looked fairly impressive. 
        "I can't wait 'til my dick gets that big and has hair," Nick
commented wistfully. 
        I pulled up my pants and buttoned them.  "Not too long now."
        "Really?" Nick asked hopefully, his eyes returning to my face now
that the show was over. 
        "Yeah.  I started growing hair when I was twelve," I answered. 
        "I can get a hardon, but I can't shoot.  You can shoot, right?"
Nick asked. 
        "Yes."
        "If I show you my hardon, will you show me yours?" Nick asked. 
        This was getting a little out of hand, I began to realize.  I
didn't want to stop it thought because all of this talk was exciting me
again, and I was still horny.  I began to wonder how far he would go.  I
hoped he would take it to a point where I could get off. 
        "Yeah, I'll show mine," I answered. 
        Nick got up out of bed and went to his dresser. 
        "What are you doing?" I asked. 
        He opened a drawer and pulled out a sock. 
        "This feels good.  I gives me a hardon," he explained. 
        Nick pulled off his pajama shirt and pants.  I could see he
already was a little stiff.  He jumped back in bed and laid down.  I
slipped out of my pants and went to the other side and sat down next to
him. 
        He slowly rubbed the sock against his penis.  Watching him do this
made me completely hard again.  Nick looked over at me and stopped his
rubbing.  He pulled the sock away to reveal about four inches of slim
eleven-year-old cock.  His size surprised me, but then I remembered his
father's impressive erection, and I realized Nick was just following in
his father's footsteps. 
        "Can I touch it?" Nick asked, sitting up. 
        "Sure."
        He reached out and lightly touched the head of my cock with his
soft hand.  Then he ran it down the front of my shaft without lifting it. 
I shivered at the pleasure this gave me. 
        "It's so big," he said as he tried to wrap his small hand around
the shaft. 
        I just chuckled.  If he thought mine was big, he should have seen
his dad's. 
        "Touch mine," Nick suggested. 
        My index finger lightly touched the slit and then circled around
the top.  I ran it down the back of his penis and then took the small,
loose scrotal sac into my hand.  I stroked along the inner sides of the
sac with my thumb and index finger. 
        'So smooth!' I thought. 
        Then I began to slide the loose skin around his penis up and down
with my thumb and first two fingers.  His own hand began imitating my
motions.  As I stroked his cock, I realized the opportunity to fulfill one
of my fantasies was here in my hand. 
        "Can I suck on your dick?" I asked. 
        This request seemed to leave him speechless, but after his shocked
look passed, he nodded. 
        I knelt between his legs and slowly lowered my mouth onto his
small cock.  I was exciting, but I couldn't say it was doing anything for
me.  I sucked on it a little bit, but still couldn't figure out why I'd
fantasized about this. 
        Not willing to give up, I took first one and then the other
testicle into my mouth.  They weren't any bigger than jellybeans, and the
skin felt so smooth. 
        A new idea came to mind: I wondered if I could make him come.  I
ran my tongue around the head of his cock. 
        "How does that feel?" I asked. 
        "Good."
        Then I took his cock into my mouth, taking it all the way to the
hilt.  I clamped my mouth firmly around his erection and quickly drew back
2to the head.  Then I plunged down again.  I slowly picked up speed.  Nick
seemed to like it because soon his hips started bucking to meet my mouth. 
        Suddenly his body tensed and his penis twitched in my mouth.  I
removed my mouth and looked at him. 
        "Did that feel good?" I asked. 
        "Yeah! That felt really great.  I want to see you shoot," Nick
said. 
        Truthfully, I wanted to come really bad at that point too. 
Pre-cum had dribbled out my dick and was running down the shaft. 
        "Okay, but let's go in the bathroom," I answered.  I didn't want to
make a mess in his bed. 
        Nick got up, and we went to the bathroom. 
        "Wait here," I told him. 
        I left and hurried into the master bedroom.  On one of the shelves
in their bathroom I found the baby oil Steve must have used in the video. 
I ran back to the bathroom with this in hand, my near-bursting erection
slapping against my stomach as I ran. 
2       Nick sat on the toilet seat waiting.  He still had an erection.  I
stepped into the tub and unscrewed the bottle. 
        After pouring a generous amount of oil into my hand, I slathered
it on my eager cock.  I screwed back on the cap and then began stroking my
erection. 
        I slid my hand over the purple engorged head and felt a tremor of
pleasure in response.  Then I began jerking off in earnest with my
slippery hand gliding easily over my well-oiled shaft. 
        The pressure in my groin built and my balls contracted against my
body.  Soon my whole body was envelopped in the stimulating, mind-numbing
ecstasy. 
        I gasped as the orgasm sent a shudder through my body.  The first
spurt splattered against the far wall of the shower.  The following ones
landed in the tub itself.
        "Wow!" Nick exclaimed.
        He got up and collected some of the cum in his hand.  I rested
against the wall of the shower, exhausted after that sensational orgasm.
        "You better get to bed," I said, without much conviction.
        "Okay.  Will you sleep with me?" he asked.
        "Sure, just let me clean this up," I answered.  
        He washed his hands and scurried off to bed.  I cleaned up the
mess in the tub and returned the oil.  The I climbed into bed with Nick. 
He snuggled up against my naked body.
        I ended up falling asleep.  When I woke I got an adrenaline rush
as I realized the Wallace's would be home soon.  I got out of bed, careful
not to disturb Nick.  I grabbed my pants and raced downstairs.
        Throwing on my clothes, I scrambled over to the VCR and ejected
the tape.  I put it back in the box and returned it to its hiding spot. 
Then I sat down in front of the TV and found something suitable to watch. 
It turned out I rushed for no reason; they arrived a half hour later.
        "How was Nick?" Mrs. Wallace asked.
        "Great," I answered.  "No problems."
        "Good."
        "That's good to hear," Mr. Wallace (or Steve, as I now thought of
him) said as he entered the house.  "Here you go."
        He handed me a twenty dollar bill.  I tried to avoid looking at
his crotch, but with my new knowledge it was difficult.  I noticed it did
bulge slightly.  I wanted to rip off his pants and feast my eyes on that
huge piece of meant.
        "Are you available to babysit next weekend?" Mrs. Wallace asked.
        "Sure."
        "Good.  I'm going to be out of town and, although Steve denies it,
I think he'll need to get away from Nick for a few hours."
        I nodded.
        "I'll give you a call," Steve said, smiling.
        I left their house and headed back to my own.  I hoped he would
call me again.  I couldn't wait until I saw that tape again.

End Part 2










