

This is an absolutely true story.  It happened to my wife and me not
too long ago.

BEACH BONDAGE
One

My wife and I lived in a two-story condominium in North Florida on the
Gulf of Mexico.  The area where we lived was dotted with condominium
townhouses and high-rises, with some areas of dunes in between, and a
long expanse of white beach.  Down the coast about eight miles was
deserted beach, with both a gulf side and a side which faced the
intracoastal waterway.   This area, especially the intracoastal
waterway side, was deserted and mostly hidden by large dunes.   We had
made love several times in the dunes,  but never quite in the fashion
that I had in mind for today.  

We gathered up the usual blanket, drinks, food, and sunscreen. I added
a few things to my backpack which I hoped I could use later, and we
started driving down the beach for our day in the secluded dunes.  My
wife was in her mid-thirties, and had the body of a twenty-year-old. 
She was a natural blonde, with short hair and a pair of tits that were
her pride and joy.  They were large, but not saggy, and had
dollar-sized aureolae that begged for attention.  Her pussy hair was
cropped short for the skimpy thong bikini that barely concealed her
pussy lips and nipples.   Her figure was slim, with a flat, firm
belly, and long legs that didn't quite come together where they met.
They never quite fully concealed her pussy, and her always-visible
clit seemed to always peek out from its tiny covering.

Arriving at the site, we parked on the side of the beach road and
walked the half-mile across the dunes to the water on the intracoastal
waterway side of the island.  We hit the water and played for awhile,
and then ate lunch.  After lunch, I began the real activities I had in
mind.

"Want to try something different?" I asked.

"Oh, and just how many ways can you screw differently on the beach?"
my wife asked, playfully.

"Well, we haven't tried beach bondage yet,"  I replied.

"Oh, no!  Not out here in the open!  Not in broad daylight!"  she
replied.  But I noted that the playful tone was still in her voice.

"Why not?  I'll fix you so that I can release you in a hurry if
someone is coming.  We can do it on the beach so I can see someone a
long way off.  It'll be safer that screwing in the dunes where we
could be surprised at any moment because of our not being able to see
past the dunes."  I sounded really convincing.

"Just where did you have in mind?"

"See that tree at the water's edge?  That would be perfect.  I can see
almost all the way to the road, and for at least a mile along the
beach in both directions.  I'll tie you facing the water, so you can't
be seen from the road."

"Well, I guess I'll try it.  But don't strip me!  I don't want to take
any chances out here.  You can play under the suit.  You can't fuck me
standing up very well, anyway."  She sounded very stern, but I still
detected the playful tone in her voice.  We quickly packed up
everything in case we had to make a hasty retreats.  Then I picked up
my backpack and we headed toward the tree.  

The tree was an old scrub oak, and was about a foot in diameter. There
was sand all around the base.  The closest branch was about eight feet
above the ground.  It was a perfect post.  I backed my wife up to the
tree, and placed her feet on either side of the trunk.  I placed a
leather cuff on each ankle, and clipped a chain between her ankles
behind the tree.  This would keep her knees apart.  I then placed a
leather cuff on each wrist, and raised both arms above her head,
chaining them together in a similar fashion as her ankles.  So, she
was my captive, with both arms over her head, chained together behind
the tree, and both ankles chained apart behind the tree.   The
position caused her to arch her back, sticking her magnificent tits
out as far as possible. Then I produced the final accouterment.  A
blindfold!

"Oh, NO!  No you don't!  Not here!  I want to see if someone comes!"
she protested.

"OH, YES!  I'll be your eyes.  Besides, it will be more stimulating if
you can't see.  Remember, you still have the safe word if you REALLY
want me to stop.  You haven't used it yet."

We both knew the safe word was the name of our pet lab, Manchester. It
was a word one would not likely mistake for another, and one not
likely to be uttered by mistake.  That way, she could protest as much
as she wanted, but unless she said, "Manchester," it was a signal for
me to keep right on doing whatever I was doing.  I placed the
blindfold over her eyes.  Then I set up the camera.  She realized what
I was doing, and began to squirm in protest.  She knew I was filming
her struggles. Then I panned the beach just to record the total
environment of her captivity.  Re-focusing the camera on her, I began
my torment.  Nothing unusual, really.  First, I kissed her deeply for
a long time.  In the middle of the kiss, I began running my fingers
down her arms toward her armpits.  Tickling was always a part of our
bondage, and she was extremely ticklish.  I usually made her come
several times just by  tickling.  As her struggles intensified, I kept
kissing her until she finally began pleading.

"AAAHHHHAAAAA!!!  PP--AAAHH  PPLLEASSE!! Not there!!
AAEEEEIIIIIIIEEEEE!!"

My hands gradually moved from her armpits toward the sides of her
barely covered breasts.  Her laughter changed to near-screams, and her
struggles were unending.  The camera was capturing it all!  My fingers
danced to her ribs, across her belly, down to her groin, the fronts of
her legs, the backs of her knees, and then I stopped.  I began kissing
her lightly as I came up.  I licked the fronts of her thighs, her
belly, ribs, and the sides of her breasts.  By the time I stopped, she
was breathing heavily and moaning softly.  I continued to play, but
never really touched any part of her that was covered by the suit.  

"Please touch me!" she begged.

"You know, I can't really touch you the way I want to through the
suit," I replied.

"YOU BASTARD!  You are going to make me beg you to strip me, aren't
you?!" 

"Well, not right now.  I can wait awhile.  I like what I'm doing OK
for now,"  I teased.  My fingertips resumed their dance over her ribs.

"AAAAIAAIIIIIIEEEEEE!!  DDOONN-----AAAAHHHHH------NOT
THEREEEEEEAAHHH!!"

Then I saw the boat!  It wasn't large, just a fishing boat with one
person in it.  It wasn't close, and seemed to anchor about a half mile
off shore.  Then I saw the casting motion of a fishing pole.  To my
wife's dismay, I stopped, and took out a pair of binoculars from my
pack.  I could see that the boat was occupied by a man who was
scanning the horizon with his own binoculars.  They seemed to be
large, which probably meant that they were powerful.  He didn't see
me, so I quickly put down the binoculars and pointed the camera at
him, closing the telephoto so it would show the presence of the boat
and fisherman clearly. Before he turned in my direction, I had
refocused the camera, and had resumed tormenting my wife.  I continued
to tickle and stroke and lick until she was in a frenzy.  Then I
noticed that the man's silhouette seemed to be turned toward us.  I
waved, he waved back, obviously looking at us through the binoculars.
I realized that we wouldn't be recognizable. She was blindfolded and I
had on sunglasses.

It was then that my wife began to beg.  "Please, DAMMIT!  I don't care
what I said before!  I want you to get rid of this suit and touch me
where it counts!"

"Are you sure?  What if you're seen?!"

"I'll take that chance.  Besides, you said you could release me in a
hurry if someone comes along." 

"Oh, I can.  Let me get this straight.  You want me to leave you tied,
strip you naked, and make you come regardless of what happens unless
someone comes along.  Is that right?"

"DAMMIT, YES!!  PPLLEEAAASSEEE STRIP ME AND MAKE ME COME!!!"

"OK.  Remember, you made the rules.  I will strip you, but first I
have to tell you that there is a boat anchored off shore about a
half-mile with a fisherman in it who's looking at us through what
appear to be very powerful binoculars.  So far, he hasn't made any
move toward us. He's just watching.  So I guess that doesn't qualify
as a reason to change your orders."

"WHAT!!  OF COURSE IT DOES!  HE'S WATCHING US!!"

"But you didn't say watching.  You said someone coming along.  That's
different!  I'm going to take off your top now, and start making you
come."

"Oh, GOD!  You're really going to force me to put on a show for him,
aren't you!!?"

"Unless you say the safe word.  So far, I haven't heard it,"  I
replied.  And I didn't hear it then, either. "I think his binoculars
are powerful enough that he can probably see your nipples and clit," I
lied.  She shuddered, but still didn't say the safe word. I untied the
neck strap, and reached behind her arched back to untie the back
strap.  Her tits bounced out as the top fluttered to the sand. My wife
buried her face in her arm in complete embarrassment.  Her
nipples stood straight out from the large aureola in excitement.  I
went behind the tree and reached around with both hands, cupping and
kneading her breasts.  I pinched the nipples and pulled on them just
to increase the torment.

"You're offering them to him, aren't you!"

"Sort of, I guess.  You do present a rather delectable sight."

Then I came back from behind the tree and kissed her breasts lightly,
licking and sucking the nipples.  She was soon in her previous state
of frenzy.

"Now I'm going to show him your pussy," I said softly in her ear.

"I know.  I'm just not sure I'm ready for this yeehh--OOOHHHHHH!!!
GOD!!  You did it!!!" she mewed as I quickly untied both hip straps
and she realized that her pussy was on full display to the fisherman!

"Now I'm going to take a few close-ups with the camera," I said.

"Oh, God!  I feel so embarrassed and humiliated!  You're videotaping
me while he is watching me through the binoculars!"

"Not just video," I said, as the first whir of the Polaroid camera was
heard, "I'm also taking a few Polaroids for my internet newsgroup." I
finished, and replaced the camera on the tripod, still running.  I
removed her blindfold so she could see the fisherman as I began to
increase her torment. Then I began to caress her legs, abdomen, and
breasts.  By the time I touched her clit, she was panting and
struggling.  I carefully separated her pussy lips, giving the onlooker
a clear, unobstructed view of her pussy, and slowly began stroking up
and down her moist slit.  I simultaneously began licking and sucking
her tits.  My wife exploded!  She couldn't move much, but she managed
to spread her knees widely as she pumped up and down on my finger as
it slid up and down her slit.  Then I slipped my finger inside her
with each thrust, and her motions took on a new intensity.  By now,
she was grunting and groaning, looking directly at the boat with
complete lust in her eyes.   I slowly reached behind her with my other
hand.  It was when I slipped my other middle finger into her asshole
that she exploded in her first climax.  I did not stop. I continued to
finger her pussy and clit and ream out her asshole as I licked and
flicked her tits.  She had several more shuddering climaxes. Then I
noticed the fisherman was no longer standing up, but was sitting down.
I knew the boat had a low-power motor so it wouldn't scare the fish.
It wouldn't go fast.  I quickly released the chains and whisked the
cuffs off my wife's ankles and wrists.  I threw everything, including
the blindfold and suit, into the backpack, and threw my wife a dark
long T-shirt to quickly put on.  We were half way to the car as the
boat pulled up on shore.

We reached the car and took off toward home.  I reached in my backpack
to show my wife the Polaroids.  Then I realized that I had taken six,
and had only five.  The one missing was a full frontal nude shot of my
wife chained to the tree and completely displayed, although
unrecognizable. It seemed only fitting to give the spectator a
souvenir of the show.  A couple of days later, I showed my wife the
polaroids I had taken of her tied to the tree.  I had also made some
video capture shots of her struggling and coming. I showed them to her
on the computer, through the internet newsgroup.  As the reality of
all this hit my wife, she became more and more excited by the
knowledge that probably thousands of viewers had downloaded the shots
of her torment and bondage.  Our lovemaking took on a new intensity,
and she confided to me that she couldn't wait for my next surprise
bondage scenario.
 
========
Disclaimer:  You must be over the age of 18 to view this story.  It
contains adult material.  

Unlike Beach bondage 1, this story is fictional, except for the part
about running nude down the beach in the very early morning with her
hands cuffed behind her.  She wasn't blindfolded, or leashed, and we
never encountered anyone :>(  .

BEACH BONDAGE
Two

We had the habit of getting up early and running about two miles down
the Gulf side of the beach and back just before dawn.  The reason for
running so early was that we both were usually completely nude, and
the area was dotted with high-rise condominiums.  Occasionally we
would see someone on a balcony of a high-rise, but never saw anyone on
the beach at that hour of the morning.  I doubted whether anyone on a
balcony could tell we were nude in the dim light of breaking dawn.
About a week after our previous beach bondage scene, I had a new idea.
Saturday morning, we got up as usual for our morning run.

"Want to try something new again?" I asked.

"What did you have in mind THIS time?" she asked, again in that
playful tone of voice.

"Put your hands behind your back," I said.

I handcuffed her hands behind her, temporarily.  After she was
helpless, I placed a blindfold on her. 

"How am I supposed to see to run?" she asked.

"I'm not finished yet."

I placed a leather harness on her which formed a figure-8 around her
shoulders and across her breasts.  The harness forced her nipples up
and out even more than their usual excited position.  Then, I removed
the handcuffs and reattached her wrists to the harness high behind her
back.

The combination of the harness and the position of her arms made her
tits stand out magnificently.  Then I attached a leash to the front of
the collar. 

"Now I can guide you while we run, just like a pet."

I led her out the door onto the beach.  She was very nervous because
she couldn't tell for sure whether or not someone was watching.  I
pulled gently on the leash, and we began to run our usual two miles
down the beach and back.  On the way down, I noticed a young man,
probably in his mid-twenties as best I could tell in the light,
standing on the fifth floor of one of the condominiums.  I waved.  He
waved back, enthusiastically.  Although it was usually difficult to
tell what was what in the dim light of early dawn, I felt it was
obvious that my wife was bound and being led.   On the way back, he
had moved to the pool area of his condominium, and was overlooking the
beach.  From this viewpoint, it was very obvious that we were nude and
that my wife was bound and blindfolded.  I waved again, and he waved
back. I decided not to tell my wife about being seen.

Later in the day, I was strolling the beach, in a suit this time,
while my wife was shopping.  As I walked in front of the same
condominium, I was approached by a young man.

"Wasn't that you running with the lady this morning?" he asked.

"Yes.  Did you enjoy the show?" I replied.

"Naturally!  You are very lucky to have such an attractive lady who
enjoys showing off like that--VERY LUCKY, INDEED!"

"I appreciate your compliment. I know she would, if she were here, and
if she could overcome her embarrassment at having been seen! I haven't
told her about you--at least not yet.  But, I have an idea.  She
really enjoys surprises, especially surprises when bound and helpless.
Would you be  interested in surprising my wife?"

"Just tell me what you want me to do."

"Well, let's establish some ground rules.  First, she must never see
your face or know your identity.  Second, you must never point us out
to others or divulge our secret if you ever want to play again.
Third, any future play must be initiated by me, not by you.  Fourth,
if the play goes far enough, condoms are a requirement."

"No problem on any count."

"Good.  Now, here's the plan..."

The next day, my wife found herself again bound for the morning run.
This time, however, I added a ball gag to her accoutrements.  She
protested, but I made sure that she could breathe well around the gag.
It was more symbolic than functional.  I gave her a red marble to drop
as a "safe word" since the gag made verbal protests useless, whether
real or pretended. We left the condominium and began the run.  As we
passed the young man's condominium, he joined us in our run, but was
behind us far enough that his footsteps were inaudible in the soft
sand.  He was nude except for a pouch tied around his waist which
contained a condom just in case he had a need for it. We stopped just
beyond the condominium.  My wife mumbled something into her gag.  I
was sure she wanted to know why we were stopping.  She was obviously
very uncomfortable being bound nude and unable to see what was causing
this unexpected turn of events.

"I feel you need additional training.  Your running has been a bit
slack recently, and I have added a little stimulation to the run this
morning to see if you can't pick things up a bit," I said, watching
her apprehension increase. I gently tugged on the leash, and we again
began to run.  The young man ran closer this time, and my wife heard
his footsteps behind her.  She looked around fretfully, as if she
could see through the blindfold.  Then she felt the first sting of the
crop on her ass! 

"Pick your feet up! Kick your heels!" she heard the strange voice from
behind command.  She realized at that moment that it was MALE!!  She
turned again, uselessly.  The crop stung her ass again, and again, and
again. We reached the turn around point, and started back. 

The entire way back her ass was stung repeatedly by the crop.  He
added her tits as targets as well.  Occassionally, the tips of the
crop snaked around her abdomen, and up into her pussy from behind.
She yelped silently into her gag, but did not drop the marble.

"Arch your back as you run!  Stick out your tits!  Kick up your heels!
Faster!" he commanded, as he emphasized the commands with repeated
alternating blows to each tit and her ass.   She ran faster, kicking
her heels up and sticking out her tits as ordered. As we reached the
young man's condominium, we stopped in the dim light of dawn.  Our
bodies were now slightly visible to anyone who might be watching out a
window or from a balcony.  We didn't see anyone obvious, but that
meant little.  

"You have trained well.  You need a rubdown now," I said.

By this time, the young man had developed a massive erection.  He
removed a condom from his pouch and placed it on his erect cock.  We
sandwiched her between us with the young man in front and me in back.
She felt the dual cocks at full attention, but she couldn't really
tell who was who.  We began to gently stroke her stinging tits,
abdomen, and ass, as well as her pussy and clit.  I gave the young man
the privilege of having the front so he could finally have his reward.
My wife had been with a rare other man before, but never in a bondage
situation.   She suspected she was about to be semi-publically fucked
by a stranger while helplessly bound, gagged, and blindfolded.  She
was right.  As we continued to stroke her most intimate parts, she
soon was moaning, wet, and struggling for release.  I nodded, and the
young man entered her in one swift stroke and began pumping in and out
as my wife had her first shattering climax.  As she went nearly limp,
he continued pumping, as I quickly entered her from behind.  With both
holes filled to capacity, she renewed her sexual ectasy, and found the
strength to have two more shattering climaxes before it was all over.
The young man disappeared into his condominium, and I led my wife back
to our condo in the full light of dawn.  Fortunately, no one ever
appeared on the beach.  

My wife has asked several times who the second lover was, and I have
refused to tell her.  However, as we pass the young man's condo on the
morning run, I occasionally see him looking at us.  Sometimes my wife
is bound, and sometimes not.  He and I have met on the beach on
occasion, and I have assurred him that it will be only a matter of
time before he has another chance to surprise my wife.

Anakha.
*******************************************************
If you want to reply to me by Email then you will need
to manually amend the 'reply to' address in the header
to anakha@clara.net.
******************************************************


