Archive-name: 3plus/bestever.txt
Archive-author: Electro Porn
Archive-title: Best Ever Sex Adventure:


     It's difficult  to decide  which of  my experiences was
the "best  ever".   There have been a few which were notable
because of their bizarre nature, others because of their in-
tensity, and  some because  of good things that evolved from
them.  I usually can't get beyond the heat of my memories to
sort them out.  However, there is one, above all, that comes
to mind more frequently than the others.
     It was  a beautiful  morning in June.  My new neighbor,
Joy, had  suggested that  we go  to the  beach and start our
summer sun  tan.  I had a feeling that she wanted to do more
than simply  lay around  in the  sun, so I said yes and told
her of  a secluded cove on the river where we could swim and
get an all-over tan without being bothered.  She was all for
the idea.  Joy was a beautiful girl of Filipino extraction -
- 5'  tall, with  dark bronze  skin, blue-black  hair, black
eyes, and  a fantastic  36-20-33 figure.   She  went to  her
place to  gather her  things and  make  our  lunch  while  I
changed into  my swimming  suit.   When she  returned in her
suit, I  was impressed.  It was a tiny, sheer, white bikini.
The top  didn't cover  all of her dark brown nipples and the
bottom was simply a G-string which displayed her entire ass.
She looked  fantastic.  It was all I could do to stop myself
from attacking her there and then, but I didn't.
     I drove  to the  river and  parked.   We then hiked for
half-an-hour to  get to  the spot  I had in mind.  I carried
the beach  bag, lunch,  and beer  and walked  behind to so I
could better appreciate the jiggling of her bare brown buns.
Believe me,  it's not  easy to  pack a load, follow a narrow
trail, and  sport a  full erection  at the  same time, but I
managed.  In hindsight, I'm sure the driving force was Joy's
laughter and  the certainty  that we would spend much of the
day exploring every inch of each others' anatomy.
     When we  arrived at  the cove, we found that it was al-
ready taken.  A cassette player was pumping out sensuous mu-
sic and  there was a nude couple self-occupied in the middle
of the  narrow beach.   The  fellow was  lying on  the beach
towel with his busty blonde girl friend sitting on his rump.
She was  slowly massaging  sun tan  oil  into  his  muscular
shoulders while  grinding her  pubis on  his back bone.  The
girl was  a knock  out.   Her long  hair  fell  forward  and
brushed his  back as  she swayed and massaged him in time to
the music.
     Rather than  hike back,  I decided  that there was room
for two couples, so I spread our blanket about ten feet from
the other  couple.   Joy hadn't  said a word, she just stood
staring at  the action  of the  other couple.  I grabbed her
hand and led her to our blanket.  I stripped off my cut-offs
and untied  her bikini  top.   Joy then  removed the top and
bottoms.   Although I  thought her  suit left nothing to the
imagination, I was wrong.  Her nipples were on high beam and
beads of  sweat trickled down between her large, hemispheri-
cal breasts.   Best  of all, she had no pubic hair.  I later
learned that  she had  shaved it just for me because she saw
that the  women in my paintings didn't have pubic hair.  The
delicate inner lips of her cunt peeked from her crotch and I
could see  drops of lubricant glistening like tiny jewels on
them.   I sat down and placed her on my lap.  I had a raging
erection, the  veins on my cock were pulsing and looked like
hawsers on  a main  mast.  I grabbed the baby oil, and began
rubbing it into her breasts.
     We couldn't  take our  eyes off  the other  couple  for
long.   Either they  hadn't noticed us or they were feigning
oblivion.  When she finished oiling his back, she turned him
over and  knelt between  his legs.  She then oiled his chest
and legs.   Next, she took the bottle of Hawaiian Tropic Oil
and poured  a handful  of oil  on his  flaccid prick.    She
slowly anointed  his pecker  and balls with the oil.  As she
worked his prick grew to the monstrous proportions that jus-
tified a  full handful  of oil.  It turned beet red from the
quickening friction of her stroking.
     Joy gasped  in amazement and began squirming in my lap.
I rubbed oil into her pubis, paying careful attention to her
labia and  clitoris to  ensure an  even tan.  The other girl
continued her  ministrations in reverence to the scepter she
held.   Suddenly, the purple head of the boy's cock inflated
even more.   The  girl stopped stroking his cock and began a
delicate kneading  of his  balls.    He  groaned  and  said,
"Michelle!   Michelle!"   His cock  then began erupting.  It
whipped from  side-to-side like  a loose  hose and his semen
spewed over  several feet  in its wild, uncontrolled trajec-
tory.   The bulk  of his load landed on the girl's chest and
rapidly dripped from her oil slicked titties.
     When he  was finished spurting his load the girl looked
up and  finally noticed  us.  She crawled to the edge of our
blanket and  asked if  we would give her a show like the one
she gave  us.   Joy agreed  and pushed me back.  She grabbed
the baby  oil and  poured some  on my  hard dick.   Her tiny
hands barely  wrapped around  it, but that wasn't a problem.
She stroked  it and tickled my shaved balls with her finger-
tips.  She slowly pulled the foreskin back and forth to coat
the head of my cock with the oil.
     The blonde  then reached  over and  rubbed Joy's pussy.
She grabbed  our oil,  poured it  over Joy's back, and began
massaging her  in time  to the  music and  Joy's stroking my
dick.   The girl's  boyfriend was  taken by the scene before
him.   When he stood, he sported another monstrous erection.
He positioned  himself behind  his girl friend and drove his
rigid cock home with one hard thrust.  This was all the ini-
tiative she needed.  She began licking Joy's dripping cunt.
     After a  few minutes,  I felt  an electric  surge in my
loins.  Sweat poured from every pore of my body and my balls
began their  orgasmic pulsing.   Quickly,  Joy replaced  her
hands with  her mouth  and nursed  the tip of my dick.  That
was all  I could  take, I unloosed what had to be the grand-
daddy of  all loads.  She took a little in her mouth and let
the rest cascade from her chin to her beautiful tits.  After
my convulsions  subsided, I  saw the other guy pull his dick
from the blonde and stick it in Joy.  Shortly thereafter, he
came in  shuddering waves.   The  blonde took a towel to the
river, soaked  it, and returned to our blanket.  She cleaned
up all  of us  and Joy passed the beers around.  The four of
us -- Joy, Dan, Michelle, and I -- spent the rest of the day
soaking-up the  sun rays,  swimming, and  engaging in  every
form of  sex we  could think of.  On the drive home, I found
out that  Dan and Michelle were Joy's friends and I had been
invited to  expand their menage-au-trois to a menage-au-qua-
tre.
     Well, that's  one of my "best ever" experiences, do any
of you have any to share?

--

