Bet
by deirdre

She's kneeling, nude between my legs, trying her hardest to deep-
throat my rigid cock even though she doesn't have the knack.  At the 
same time, she's frigging herself as fast as she can, moaning loudly, 
and coming again and again.  Behind her, someone's stuffing a well-
lubricated dildo into her ass.  She's shivering, almost going into 
spasms, but still trying to get my entire cock into her throat.  She 
doesn't look up at my face.  She puts one hand behind my ass to get 
some leverage pushing my cock in her throat while continuing to frig 
herself with her other hand.

You may wonder how this came about.  I can still hardly believe it 
myself, and never would have believed this two months ago.  It 
started when my wife, Stacy invited several of her girlfriends over 
for supper one night when I was going out to play cards with some 
friends.  My game fell through, and I ended up staying to eat supper 
with Stacy and her girlfriends.  I must admit I didn't mind--every 
one of the girls was a babe, and I got a good chance to visit with 
them as we sat around, drinking wine before supper.  The girls had 
planned to play cards or something, but hadn't decided on a game.  
One of Stacy's friends, Eve, brought an old game over which I 
recognized because I used to play it at my grandmother's house.  It 
was sort of like tic-tac-toe, but larger and more complex.  Eve 
suggested we try the game, but refused to play it herself, saying she 
was too experienced from playing it as a child and would beat 
anybody.  This intrigued me, because I am into games, having studied 
chess and played bridge quite a bit, and out of curiosity, I had 
studied this game for weeks, to the point where I was just about 
unbeatable--the best someone might do is play me to a draw.  I told 
Eve that there was absolutely no way she could beat me, and she 
clearly didn't believe me one bit.  Well, to make a long story short, 
the girls egged us into making a bet, and the wine or something 
induced us to make it a daring bet.  We finally bet that the loser 
would serve dinner--stripped from the waste down!  Naturally I had 
glanced at Stacy whose look indicated she was all for it!   So Stacy 
was willing to either show off her husband, or allow her husband to 
see Eve in a very compromising mode of dress.  Imagine my surprise.

Well, we started the game, and it was time for me to be surprised.  
Eve knew her game.  She seemed equally surprised that I had 
apparently done so much homework on the game.  Well, we both 
started studying our turns really hard, but the game doesn't take 
very long and it was soon finished: as a draw.  Obviously, there was 
no loser, but the girls weren't having it!  They said they'd been led to 
believe there would be a 'show'.  Finally, one of the girls, Jackie, 
assumed the role of arbiter and declared we would play again.  This 
time if there was a draw, we would both be declared losers and 
share the serving duties!  Well, we both thought very carefully about 
every move during that second game, and dinner ended up being 
delayed.  But sure enough, we ended up in another draw.

Needless to say, Eve and I sat there about as embarrassed as you can 
imagine, but neither of us making a move.  I certainly didn't want to 
start stripping right there and find Eve wasn't going to go through 
with it.  Obviously Eve was having the same thoughts.  Jackie quickly 
took charge, and had the two of us kick off our shoes and remove our 
socks simultaneously.  Then she had us stand up facing each other 
and had two of the other girls simultaneously unsnap our jeans and 
edge them down.  Soon we were both in shirts and underpants.  Then 
Jackie had two of the girls edge our underpants down 
simultaneously.  There we were, as promised.  The girls were almost 
in shock that we had all gotten this far.

You might think that I got an immediate hard-on, but amazingly 
enough, I didn't.  I guess embarrassment counteracted my usual 
reaction, something I had never experienced before.  Eve and I still 
just stood there, staring at each other when Jackie reminded us that 
we had a job to do.  Well, we ended up acting as servants--we soon 
discovered that the girls expected us to be silent, and soon they 
were making us stand in the room's corners, facing the corners when 
they had nothing for us to do.  I did start to get hard, and Stacy, 
bless her heart, helped me get hard by ordering me to come over, 
then masturbating my cock a little with her hand!  Not much, just 
enough to get me hard.  None of the other girls touched me except 
that Jackie got the idea to take a spoon and use the edge of it to 
gently scrape the underside of my cock.  She seemed to know cocks, 
because she had it so hard I was afraid I would come right there!  
Believe me, the girls were amused.  Jackie did something similar to 
Eve, but I was standing facing the corner at the time, so I don't know 
what she did.

Well, that is about the extent of that meal--the most interesting 
thing the rest of the night was the sex Stacy and I had that night.  
The next morning, sober, Stacy and I avoided all mention of the 
evening's activities, but a few days later after we got over the 
embarrassment of it, Stacy and I managed to talk about it.  She 
admitted that she loved every bit of it, and loved seeing me in the 
role of slave!  I admitted to being turned on by some tendency 
towards exhibitionism and submission that I never before knew I 
had.  Well, we decided to try it ourselves.  One evening I dressed in 
only a tee-shirt, made supper, and served it to Stacy in our dining 
room.  She restrained herself well, practically refusing to touch me, 
but trying out the tricks with the spoon.  During the middle of 
supper, she asked me to get a foot-ruler with which she played with 
my cock in a similar manner, and also smacked my ass a few times!  
It stung, but not enough to make me quit the game.  And this time, I 
remained hard from the beginning of the evening on.  Afterwards, we 
screwed like crazy.

Well, we tried it again the next night, and within a week we were 
doing it almost all the time we were home.  Also, Stacy was 
experimenting more and was showing me a sadistic streak I never 
would have guessed!  Well, once when we were talking about it, we 
discovered that we both had enjoyed having Eve share my 
predicament!  Soon we were plotting to see if we could repeat more 
aspects of that notorious evening.  Eve appeared to be avoiding Stacy 
ever since, which Stacy attributed to Eve's embarrassment after the 
fact.  But this didn't stop Stacy.  She used this as an excuse to invite 
Eve over--telling her when she invited her that we should get 
together to help put the embarrassment behind us.  Little did Eve 
know what Stacy really intended.

Well, Eve came over for dinner, and Stacy made sure we all had 
plenty of wine to start with.  Then she laughingly brought up how 
embarrassed I had been about the previous evening.  Eve looked 
alarmed at first, but soon she was laughing at me too.  Then Stacy 
bent the conversation towards hinting that she had enjoyed the 
evening, and said in a disparaging way that I, as a male, had 
naturally got some jollies from it.  She even mentioned the lurid sex 
we had had afterwards.  Soon she had Eve admitting to experiencing 
some excitement, she mentioned her and my subsequent little 
escapades and in another three minutes, she had Eve agreeing to try 
it again for the evening!

Once again, neither Eve nor I could undress, so Stacy took Jackie's 
role and managed to get our bottom-halves nude again.  Well, Stacy 
was in control throughout dinner.  She had her ruler there and by the 
end of the evening she had Eve used to being smacked with it at 
whim!  She didn't let Eve and me in the kitchen together--she had one 
of us in the corner in the dining room while the other was in the 
kitchen.  I did get to see her using the ruler to stimulate Eve.  She 
rubbed the edge of it over one of Eve's nipples through her shirt, then 
over the other, then used the end on her slit, finding her clitoris.  
Eve was obviously excited, with her eyes shut, and having trouble 
remaining standing!

Well, when dinner ended, Stacy didn't let our game stop.  Eventually, 
she personally put Eve to bed in the guest bedroom and me to bed on 
the living room couch.  Believe it or not, no sex that night!  In the 
morning, we continued our roles through breakfast and beyond, and 
during that day we drove to Eve's apartment, picked up some clothes 
and brought it back.  There was no question that Eve would move in 
with us.

Well, over the days that followed, Stacy's confidence only grew, and 
her mastery over us grew as well.  Soon she had us completely nude 
a lot of the time, and had us licking her cunt in front of each other!  
She made us masturbate in front of each other, and started teaching 
us to take whippings with a leather belt instead of just a ruler.  We 
also got very proficient at obeying commands instantly.  Often she 
would spend the evening watching TV, with the two of us laying face 
down on the carpet in front of her, nude, each of us with a dildo 
stuffed in the ass.

Stacy still liked to take me to bed with her at night, and believe it 
or not, we were still equals there--it was our time to talk about 
how things were going.  Eve got her relief by masturbating at night 
in the guest bedroom, something that Stacy and I managed to 
determine by a little night-time spying.  Well, after a couple of 
weeks, one Friday night Stacy brought home a woman to see us!  
Some woman I had never met before.  Up until this time, it had been 
a private game, not even the other girls from that original notorious 
night knowing our secret.  When someone would come to our house, 
the game was interrupted and we quickly put on some strategically-
placed clothes.  But this time, Stacy clearly wanted us to remain 
nude, which there was no question that we would.  From Stacy's 
conversation with the woman, Lianne, I gathered that Lianne was 
used to slaves like Eve and myself, and Stacy was trying hard to 
impress her with what she had done with us.  I also gathered that 
Lianne sometimes took a slave belonging to someone else to her own 
house for a weekend training session.  And I gathered that the 
returned slave was unbelievably obedient and subservient.  It seemed 
that Stacy wanted to see if Lianne would be willing to take one of 
us.  Believe me, I started getting mixed feelings: excitement at the 
idea of undergoing such training, but fear too.  And a part of me was 
excited about the prospect of Eve undergoing the training!  Lianne 
was obviously into women as well as men, and I wondered if she had 
a preference and would want to take Eve on that account.

Well, Stacy ran us through our paces, having us serve dinner, then 
showing Lianne how we accepted whippings and ass-fucking, but 
Lianne was hard to read.  Finally, at the end of the evening, Lianne 
mentioned the necessity to leave.  Stacy seemed to be on pins and 
needles as to whether Lianne would take one of us.  Well, Lianne took 
a pair of handcuffs out of her purse, looked at Stacy, and told her to 
turn around and put her hands behind her.  Well, you should have seen 
Stacy's jaw drop!  She stood there speechless.  Lianne repeated the 
instructions word for word, but with iron in her quiet voice that 
shook me.  Then Stacy slowly but obediently turned around and 
allowed Lianne to snap the handcuffs on her wrists!  You should have 
seen the look on Stacy's face.  Lianne told Eve and me we had the 
weekend by ourselves to "get to know each other".  And did we!  After 
seeing each other so much, we were so hot for each other we spent 
almost the whole weekend in bed.  One special thing was that Eve 
was used to taking it in the ass from Stacy's attentions, so I got my 
first taste of ass-fucking.  Eve loved it and I found it out of this 
world.

Well, Sunday night Lianne brought Stacy back and I could not believe 
the change!  Lianne left right away, but Stacy kept her eyes down on 
the floor and remained nude.  Anything Eve or I said to her she did in 
an instant.  Eve and I tried all the tricks she had tried on us, and she 
obviously wanted more.  For the whole next week, she remained in 
that obedient pose except while going to work or meeting other 
people.  We felt like we should be taking stronger action.  Eventually, 
we wondered what Stacy was getting out of all this and I asked her 
what she wanted.  She said "I want to get your cock all the way into 
my mouth", and she sounded desperate.  Thus the amazing scene I 
describe above.  Stacy can't get enough of it--we've replayed that 
scene at least 10 times, and any time we give Stacy permission to 
ask for something, she begs for it.
