Archive-name: 3plus/bird1xxx.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Birdwatchers - Part 1


     The  first  time she realized that she could  see  into  his
apartment  was when he had just stepped from the shower  and  was
toweling  himself  leisurely  while  looking  through  what   was
probably a magazine. She could well imagine what kind of magazine
it was by the state of his penis. She felt a faint pang of  guilt
as  she  continued to look across the dark space  that  separated
their houses, but continued to sit quietly in the dark as he cas-
ually  stroked the length of his now full erection. He  milked  a
drop  of liquid from it and brought it to the tip of his  tongue.
She  licked  her own lips in sympathetic  anticipation.  The  man
takes his pleasure fully where he finds it, she said to herself.

     With a start, she realized that she, too, had been  absently
touching herself, more fascinated than aroused by the sight of  a
mature  man playing with himself.  She had never before  actually
spied  on a naked man and it gave her a strange feeling of  power
to  be able to so surreptitiously invade his privacy. He was  far
from Adonis, but he was much more than adequate. As he sat on the
edge  of  the bed reading the magazine, he spread  his  legs  and
slowly  and methodically ran his hand up and down the  length  of
his  cock.  She  watched  as he wet  his  hand  with  saliva  and
sinuously rubbed it into the head of his cock. Spreading her lips
with  two fingers, she did the same to her clitoris and  felt  it
respond to the touch of her slippery fingers.

     No, he was no Adonis, but she wanted him more than any other
man  in the world at that moment. She watched his hands run  from
the base of his balls to the head of his cock and back again. His
movements  were slow and sure. She had always thought men  jerked
off  fast and hard, like George Pauley had showed her  when  they
were  in the back of his Nova. She had been fascinated  with  the
sight  of  his bobbing penis and made him turn  on  the  overhead
light to show it to her. She remembered, he had stopped suddenly,
shy  and ashamed as if just realizing what he was doing in  front
of her. She ended up finishing what he had started, her arm  soon
tiring  from the awkward strokes she administered. When he  came,
large  drops  of come stained her sweater and she  went  home  in
dread  that  her mother would see it and know what she  had  been
doing.  George had been young and  inexperienced as a lover,  but
this man exhibited a sensuous technique that hinted at touch of a
master!

     Abruptly,  the man rose and disappeared from sight, and  the
room went dark.

     Later, she sat back in bed, reading a chapter from a  paper-
back novel before sleep. As her fingers found the sensitive  fold
of  skin beside her clitoris, she closed her eyes and thought  of
his hands moving along the length of his penis as she stared.  As
her fingers moved feverishly, his hands became hers and a bit  of
saliva  on his fingertips became her lips; two fingers  from  her
other hand became his penis sliding into her wet vagina,  feeling
the  muscles squeeze them again and again as the feeling  at  the
base of her clitoris began to spread through her abdomen. As  the
wave  of  her climax began, she put her drenched fingers  in  her
mouth  and  savored the musky taste of  her  juices,  remembering
other nights when those fingers had been a penis and her clitoris
had been excited by the lips and tongue...

     But  all that was past history. The memories were sweet,  to
be  sure. But they were only memories and they were  linked  with
others that were not so sweet.  It had been a long time since she
had let herself go free with anyone, and had not thought about it
very  much. Seeing her anonymous neighbor tonight seemed to  have
kindled  a  spark she had forgotten. It would be very  nice,  she
mused, to be able to make love to a complete stranger exactly the
way  she wanted, for as long as she wanted, and with no  obligat-
ions or remorse. Of such things were fairy tales written!

     She  reached  to  turn out the light  and,  for  no  special
reason,  looked  at her curtains to assure they  were  drawn.  Of
course,  they were. She always kept her bedroom  curtains  drawn.
Only  middle-aged  exhibitionists who got  off  masturbating  for
hard-up  old maids left their curtains open with the  lights  on,
she  mused to herself. She looked at them again; a  small  powder
box on her windowsill had prevented them from closing all the way
and  left  a small Vee of light between them. It was  almost  too
small for her to see. There was no chance that anyone would  have
been able to see in. For a moment, she wished that someone  would
have....

     She  closed her eyes and settled into her pillow, the  smell
of  her vagina still clinging to her fingers. Her  tongue  snaked
out  to lick them off one last time before sleep. It was  one  of
her most luscious secrets. She loved the taste of herself!


     The  hot shower and some unbidden memories had brought  some
interesting sensations to his penis and his hands had  innocently
nurtured  them until the familiar sensations of orgasm  began  to
flash. Abruptly, he stopped and turned off the bedroom light.  He
still had work to do and not much time for playing with  himself.
Perhaps  later he might indulge. He pushed the thoughts from  his
mind  and  went  back to his den to work. The  story  was  coming
slowly - no great gushes of inspiration.

     After  a while, he stopped fighting it and went to the  kit-
chen  for  a cup of tea before turning in. Under  his  robe,  his
penis was still partially aroused - in fact, it had been most  of
the night. It was an annoyance he sometimes had to live with.  In
his  darkened  bedroom, he noticed for the first  time  that  his
curtains  were  open. He shook his head and went to  the  window.
There was just too much on his mind lately. Before drawing  them,
he  looked out at the dark night. Across the way, he could see  a
triangle  of  light  where someone had not  pulled  their  drapes
together  all the way. He could see movement of some sort  behind
them  and  smiled to himself. There was a  difference  between  a
Peeping  Tom and a voyeur of opportunity. He wasn't sure what  it
was,  and  didn't  care. His binoculars showed him  that  a  very
sensuous lady was enjoying herself in the supposed privacy of her
bedchambers.

     The opening was just large enough for him to see  occasional
glimpses  of  her thigh and her hand busy at her  vagina.  For  a
brief  moment, she spread her legs wide and he saw that  she  had
both  hands at work on herself. His robe was open by now and  his
penis was raging for satisfaction. He gripped it tightly and felt
the  head  swell with blood and power as he looked  at  the  soft
flesh  of her labia, spread wide by her delicate fingers,  faith-
fully caught by the lens of the binoculars. Then her legs  closed
and the lovely view disappeared. But the movement became more and
more frantic and he knew she was coming.

     The  knowledge was too much and he stroked his penis  faster
and  faster, matching the rhythm of his unseen neighbor.  As  her
legs opened once more, he felt the fury of his own orgasm  coming
on  and  staring through the glasses, let it erupt  as  his  hand
stroked  faster and faster, his balls bouncing between his  legs.
As the thrusting of the woman's pelvis signaled that she was com-
ing, great globs of semen spurted from his penis and splashed  on
his stomach and thighs. Still watching the beautiful vignette, he
caught  a  large  globule on his fingers and  rubbed  it  on  his
tongue, wishing he was licking the exciting lips of the vagina he
had been watching.

     The taste of his come was on his lips when  he saw the broad
expanse of her behind as she rolled over to reach for the  light.
She  was not small, but had the full Valkyrie body he  especially
loved.  The  tiny Vee winked out and the world was dark.  He  sat
back and inhaled deeply. For the first time in a very long  time,
he felt both excited and satisfied. Just before he dropped off to
sleep, an idea occurred to him and he smiled to himself.


     The  first thing she did when she returned from work was  to
open the package someone had left in front of her door. There was
no  note and no label. Inside the package was a rather  expensive
pair  of  binoculars. A tiny card said "From One  Birdwatcher  to
Another".

     That was all.

     The second thing she did was to look out her bedroom window.
She did not expect to see anything, of course, but visions of the
man stroking his penis had come to her throughout the day at  the
most  inopportune moments. The curtains were closed, as they  had
been  when  she  had gotten up that morning.  She  took  off  her
clothes  and hung them up while waiting for a TV dinner to  cook.
She had planned to go to a lecture that evening, but the  speaker
had  canceled at the last minute and her evening no consisted  of
prime  time  television and the rest of the  novel.  She  decided
against  the television and turned on the FM radio.  She  greatly
preferred Progressive Jazz to situation comedy. The novel, on the
other hand, was getting mired down in itself - but it would  have
to  do.  She  did  not feel like going out  to  get  another  one
tonight.

     Passing  through the bedroom once more, she glanced out  the
window.  Something  had changed! His bedroom  curtains  were  now
opened - halfway! She could see most of his bed and part of  what
seemed  to be a mirror on the wall. She wondered why  she  hadn't
seen  it the night before. But that wasn't important. The  impor-
tant thing was that he was not there. But on the bed, very clear-
ly, she could see a pair of binoculars like the ones she had just
received.  Propped  behind them was a piece of cardboard  with  a
message on it. She rushed back to the living room to get the  bi-
noculars. The note said "Thank You".

     Her face burned with embarrassment. Had he seen her watching
him?  How  could he? What were the binoculars for? What  did  the
message  mean? Had he seen her playing with herself? He  couldn't
possibly have, she told herself. And then remembered the tiny Vee
between the curtains.

     Damn!  She thought to herself. And angrily slammed  the  two
halves of the curtain together, this time making sure they closed
completely. She dressed quickly and dialed the phone.

     "Sue,  this is Connie. Are you busy tonight? I need  to  get
out  for a couple of hours and I thought you might want a  drink.
I'm buying," she said in a rush.

     "How about your diet?" Suzy's voice chided. The two of  them
had been fighting the scales together for almost two years.

     "Screw the diet," she replied. "I'm too damned frustrated to
think about a diet tonight! I've got an oversexed birdwatcher to
deal with!"

     "O-O-O!"  Suzy squealed. "I'll be ready in ten minutes.  You
should  have told me it was about sleaze. You can pour  out  your
sick,  demented, disgusting, perverted soul to Aunt Suzy  anytime
you want."

     "I knew I could count on you!" Connie told her dryly.

     She  hung up the phone and finished dressing. Then, just  as
she was about to leave, she changed her mind and opened the  cur-
tains again. His windows had not changed. The binoculars remained
on the bed along with the sign. She got her own pair and put them
on  her bed, along with a pair of crotchless panties someone  had
once given her as a gag. With a magic marker she scrawled a  mes-
sage on a piece of cardboard and set it behind them:  FILM @ 11


     "You did what?!?" Suzy exclaimed.

     "I  didn't do anything!" Connie told her. "I  can't  imagine
how he saw me watching him."

     "What's he look like?"

     "Okay, I guess."

     "C'mon! Tall, short, fat, skinny? What's his dick like?"

     "Like  a  dick. You see one, you've seen  'em  all!"  Connie
laughed.

     "No  way, Sweetie! How Long, how fat, circumcised,  a  lady-
pleaser  or  a  pee-chute?  Come on, girl.  This  is  Aunt  Suzie
talking.  The same Aunt Suzie who watched you going down on  Ray-
mond!"

     Connie blushed.

     "You weren't going to mention that again!" she complained.

     "Is it as big as Raymond's?" Suzy persisted.

     Connie thought a moment.

     "I think it's a little bigger," she said.

     "How about the rest of him?"

     "Okay. He could lose a few pounds, but couldn't we all?"

     "We all could. So let's leave it at that," Suzy said.

     "Don't be so damned sensitive," Connie told her. "So we're a
few pounds to the good. Some men prefer that."

     "You  think your birdwatcher likes his women padded?"  Suzy
asked. "There's one way to find out."

     "I'm not sure I want to know."

     "Bull!" Suzy exclaimed. "Tell me about 'Film at 11'."

     "It was just an impulse. What do you think I'm going to  do,
give him a damned show?"

     "I have an idea."

     "I just bet you do."

     "I'm serious. Why don't we give him a double show?"

     "What are you talking about?" Connie asked nervously. "Dykes
in Toyland? I don't swing that way."

     "Nothing  serious.  Just fool around and drive him  crazy  a
little  bit. Neither one of us is built that way, anyhow,"  Suzy
finished.

     Connie sat silent for a long time with Suzy glancing at  her
now  and  again.  For almost as long as she'd  know  Suzy,  she'd
suspected  the  woman was bisexual, but this was the  first  time
Suzy  had  ever come close to making any overt  suggestions.  She
looked across the table at the plump, full-breasted girl  looking
back at her and her thoughts jumped back nearly twenty years to a
dark house and the delicious dread of hot, clumsy fingers and the
strange, exciting taste of Cathy.

     Her  fourteenth  summer  had been  one  of  exploration  and
wonder.  The two of them had snuck into Cathy's father's den  and
found  the pictures. There were men and women doing  things  they
had only whispered about. And then there were the women,  kissing
and  fondling one another. Even now, Connie felt her cheeks  burn
as she remembered their stolen times together and the times their
mothers  had almost caught them. Although she and Cathy had  done
everything  that  Lesbians do, she had never  considered  herself
one.   Nor had Cathy. In the end, Cathy's parents had moved  away
and the two had parted tearfully, promising to never tell anyone.
Connie never broke the promise.

     They had started with one another's breasts, looking, touch-
ing  and eventually kissing one another's nipples. Suzy,  on  the
other hand was tacitly suggesting something much more serious. Or
was she?

     "I'm not queer," she said almost too low for Suzy to hear.

     "After seeing you with Raymond, I can vouch for that!"  Suzy
laughed.

     "Please!  It wasn't ... well, maybe it was, but you  weren't
supposed  to come walking into the damned room without  at  least
knocking!"

     "Do  you  really think he saw you jerking off?"  Suzy  asked
suddenly.

     "I wasn't..."

     "Bullshit! Everybody does it. Do you think he saw you?  With
the binoculars, I mean."

     Connie nodded.

     "I guess so. I made it worth my while, I guess."

     "Damn! Let's do it!" Suzy urged. "You don't have to do  any-
thing  you don't want. We'll just pretend and give the pervert  a
thrill!"

     "He's probably about as much a pervert as you or me."

     "Hell! The world cold be in some serious shit, if that's the
case! Come on, it's almost 10 o'clock. Showtime's 11!"

     Suzy's grin was too wicked to ignore.

     "I'll  go along with the joke, but I'm telling you, I'm  not
queer," she warned Suzy.

     On  the  way out of the bar, she felt Suzy's  hand  pat  her
behind when no one could see.

     "What the Hell are you doing?" she demanded.

     Suzy laughed.

     "Nice ass for a white girl!"


     The note had said 11, but the lights came on in the  woman's
apartment  at 10:30. He had turned his own lights off and sat  in
the  darkness of his bedroom, wearing only his robe. Behind  him,
the radio played softly. He was prepared to be "stood up" but for
some reason felt something special was about to happen. Hell!  He
didn't  even know what the girl looked like, not even  sure  that
she lived alone.

     He  was  not prepared, however, when the  curtains  suddenly
snapped  shut.  A  moment later, however,  they  opened  just  as
quickly.  He picked up the binoculars and his jaw dropped.  There
were  two of them! One was taller that the other, but  both  were
full-blown, full-bodied women with round, lush curves and  smooth
bodies.  The  short one had huge breasts  with  dark,  pronounced
nipples  and a thick patch of auburn hair between her  legs.  The
tall  one had nice breasts, too. But they were more  proportioned
to the rest of her. Her pubic hair was a light red, like the hair
on her head. Her nipples were pink with small aureola. Both women
had  attractive faces, although the tall one seemed  nervous  and
constantly glanced in his direction.

     The best part, though, was her ass. It was as full and round
as his glimpse the night before had promised. Smooth and magnifi-
cently large, his cock began to stiffen at the sight of it.

     They  both knelt on the bed and turned to face  him,  bowing
low. The show was about to begin.

     His penis stood painfully erect, but he refused to touch it,
not wanting to come prematurely. He had a show to watch!


     "Is he there?" Suzy asked.

     "I don't know. How am I going to tell?"

     "Hell. Ask him! Write a sign and let him read it!"

     Connie scribbled "Are You Ready?" and held up the cardboard.

     Across the way, there was darkness. And then a small glimmer
of light showed.

     "What the Hell is it?" Suzy asked.

     Connie took the binoculars and whistled.

     In the pale circle of a desk lamp, his penis stood proud and
hard.

     "See  for  yourself!" she said handing the other  woman  the
binoculars.

     "Great  cock!" Suzy admired. "If we play this one  right  we
could get fucked properly!"

     "I thought we were just going to tease him," Connie reminded
her.

     "Okay,"  Suzy replied and reached for her. "I'll  lead.  Say
'no' whenever you want. I'll understand."

     Without  further warning, she leaned over and kissed  Connie
passionately,  moving her tongue against the other  girl's  lips,
her  hands  lightly running up and down the length of  her  body.
Connie cautiously put her hands on Suzy's waist and the ran  them
up to cup the girl's huge breasts.

     "Like them?" Suzy asked.

     Connie  nodded and then gasped as Suzy leaned down  to  kiss
her  own pink nipples. Suzy went from one to the  other,  licking
and  sucking the nipples, drawing them out to their full  length.
Across the way, the light still showed the erect penis, but there
was a hand cupping the heavy balls hanging below it.

     Suzy's hand had wandered down and was caressing the fullness
of  Connie's  ass. Connie was surprised to find  that  the  other
woman  knew  of the secret sensitivity of it.  Connie's  ass  was
large  - like the rest of her - but she secretly knew it was  one
of  her more alluring features. Apparently Suzy  agreed.  Slowly,
Connie pushed her pelvis into the other girl's. Memories of Cathy
were swarming back - hot, musky memories.

     She flinched as a hand found her vagina and then relaxed her
thighs to let her lips open to the insistence of Suzy's fingers.

     "I hope he's getting his eyes full!" Suzy remarked.

     Connie murmured deep in her throat.

     "It's not too much for you, is it?" Suzy asked.

     "No."

     The one word spoke volumes.

     Suzy's  tongue  ran a trace down to her  navel  and  swirled
there  a moment before proceeding further down. It  stopped  just
below the line of her pubic hair, and Connie fell back  spreading
her  legs  and urging the soft head down to  where  her  clitoris
throbbed.  It had all come back now! Cathy's probing  tongue  and
the  countless times and tastes. Suzy felt so, so good,  and  the
idea  of the unknown man watching them with only his erect  penis
showing excited her even more.

     Connie  spread her legs as wide as she could to  let  Suzy's
tongue  probe  up into her vagina. It was something she  had  not
done  for  decades, and Suzy was more expert at it  than  she  or
Cathy  had ever been. She gritted her teeth as she began to  come
and  felt Suzy's fingers tickling her ass as her tongue  continue
to spear her vagina like a prehensile penis.


     He stroked his penis slowly as he watched the short one bus-
ily devouring her partner. She was on her knees with her ass  to-
ward  the  window so that he could see her open  vagina  and  her
breasts  hanging down beneath her. Her head blocked any  view  of
what she was doing, but the spasms of the taller girl's body told
their  own  story!  If their aim was to torture  him,  they  were
having their way!

     He  looked at the other girl's face. Her eyes  were  tightly
closed but her mouth opened full and pouting as if she was trying
to  capture something as she came. She was saying something  now,
and the other girl had stopped eating her and was crawling up  to
kiss  her. Then they both got up on their knees and bowed  toward
him again. He could think of no better response than to wave  his
penis toward them. He still had not come, but it was not far off.

     Then the show continued.


     Connie  was feeling guilty. Suzy had just licked her to  one
of  the finest orgasms she had ever had and now was  laying  back
stroking  her own clitoris, afraid to ask her to bring  her  off.
She rolled over and kissed Suzy firmly, letting her hand run down
the  girl's  body  to caress the fleshy fold  between  her  legs.
Suzy's vagina was a wonder in itself. It was strange, yet  famil-
iar.  It  seemed to draw her fingers inside it and she  felt  the
slick abundance of juices flowing from the woman.

     She slowly drew her soaking hand up to her face and  inhaled
deeply.  The musky odor of Suzy's vagina was almost too  much  as
her  tongue snaked out to lick her fingers. Suzy  groaned  loudly
and spread her legs impossibly wide.

     "Please!" she begged. "I'm sorry! I need it, too."

     Connie  kissed her gently and then slid down until her  face
was  firmly  pressed  against Suzy's labia.  With  loud  slurping
sounds,  she  sucked and licked as much juice as she  could  from
deep  inside Suzy, just as she had done with Cathy so many  years
before. Then she took Suzy's clitoris between her lips and pulled
it  gently,  letting it almost slip away before sucking  it  back
again  and  again. Suzy squealed as her pelvis spasmed  over  and
over,  her  hands entwined in Connie's hair. Connie's  own  hands
reached up to massage Suzy's breasts. Cathy's had been the small,
hard  breasts  of  a  nubile  teen-ager.  These  were  full   and
demanding.  Before she was done, she knew she wanted to bury  her
face between these beauties and smother them with kisses.

     When Suzy stopped writhing, Connie slowly pulled herself  up
to a sitting position.

     "This is our secret," she told Suzy.

     "Ours and his!" Suzy laughed.

     "Damn!"

     For  the moment, Connie had forgotten about the  subject  of
the evening's entertainment.

     "Want to invite him over?" Suzy asked.

     "What?"

     "Look."

     In the window was another sign: LIKE COMPANY?

     It's  owner  stood partially in the shadows.  Connie  peered
through  the binoculars. Globs of semen clung to his stomach  and
legs.

     "The  son-of-a-bitch jerked of and came all  over  himself!"
she exclaimed.

     "That makes three of us! Tell him to come over. A solid cock
wouldn't dampen the party. Hell, at least he asked!"

     "Okay,"  Connie warned, "You really want him, don't you?"

     Suzy was silent for a moment.

     "You've done it before with a girl," she said quietly.

     Connie nodded.

     "Well,  you  know then. It's...it's just better with  a  man
involved,"  Suzy tried to explain. "Hell, that's what bi  is  all
about - the best of both worlds, isn't it?"

     Connie  understood  what her friend was trying  to  say  and
nodded. The vision of the man's cock had not left her mind  since
they had started.

     "Was  it as good? Or was it better than before?" Suzy  asked
lightly.

     Connie kissed her.

     "I'm  still not queer," she said. "But I liked the  way  you
tasted  when I licked your pussy. I like to taste come, too.  You
know, like men's come, especially after it's been in me."

     "Let's bring him over and fuck him so we can suck each other
off some more. It's better that way," Suzy told her.

     They  both looked toward the window and waved. There was  no
mistaking  their  meaning and they were rewarded shortly  as  the
lights went on elsewhere in his apartment. He was on his way.

     "Have you done this much?" Connie asked shyly.

     "Only  a couple of times," Suzy replied. "I'm not  really  a
Lesbian, but I am bisexual, I guess. I can't wait to get ahold of
that  guy's  cock, if you want to know the truth, but I  want  to
watch him fuck you, too. I really got off the night I watched you
sixty-nine Raymond."

     Connie blushed again. Raymond was a casual date she had  met
at one of Suzy's parties. As they danced, she had felt his  penis
become  hard and press against her. When most of the  guests  had
gone and Suzy had retired to her bedroom with her own date,Connie
and  Raymond had gone into the extra bedroom and  begun  necking.
Before she could breathe, his had was under her dress and  inside
her  panties,  stroking her wet pussy. She opened his  flies  and
reached inside to grasp his cock, still hard from their dance.

     "You  watched? I thought you left as soon as you opened  the
door!"

     "No way! You were working that cock and coming in his  mouth
at  the same time! I almost jumped the two of you. Whatever  hap-
pened to him, anyway?"

     "He's  a  prick. Forget about him. I'm  nervous  about  what
we're doing right now."

     "Connie,  next to me, you're the sleaziest little  snatch  I
know.  If this guy gives us any trouble, we'll just fuck  him  to
death and hang his dead ass out to dry!"

     "I  like  you," Connie said suddenly. "I'm  glad  you're  my
friend."

     Suzy  hugged her tightly, their breasts smashed against  one
another.  A knock at the door interrupted them. Connie jumped  up
to  pull on a robe and Suzy instinctively covered herself with  a
bedsheet.


     "My name's Don."

     He came dressed for the occasion, which is to say that under
the long coat, he wore nothing but a pair of loafers.

     "I'm  Connie.  Suzy's in the bedroom. Do  you  always  over-
dress?"

     Don  smiled and looked at her a moment and then reached  for
his coat.

     "I do feel a little silly," he admitted.

     "Please,  don't!"  Connie objected. "I'm not  being  a  good
hostess, am I."

     She let her robe drop to the floor and openly appraised  his
body  as  he  did hers. As she had observed  earlier,  he  needed
to  chase a good ten pounds, but her main attention was  held  by
his  rising penis. As his eyes swept over her, it rose in  fitful
jumps. There was no question about it. The man liked what he saw.
And she like what it was doing to him!

     "How long is it?" she asked.

     "Seven inches. Why? Keeping records?"

     "No.  It's  just that when I was trying to describe  you  to
Suzy, I didn't know what to say."

     "Who's Suzy?"

     "She's a friend."

     "I sort of guessed that much."

     "I'm Suzy!" said Suzy as she came out of the bedroom.

     "I'm Don."

     "Nice to meet you, Don. You have a nice cock."

     "And you're tits are remarkable."

     Connie went to the kitchen.

     "Can I get anyone anything?" she called.

     "I brought wine," Don announced.

     "You what?"

     "There's  no reason one must be a barbarian to be  a  trifle
sleazy!"

     He  produced a bottle of white wine from the pocket  of  the
overcoat.

     They  opened  the wine in the bedroom and  poured  a  toast,
everyone drinking from everyone else's glass.

     "How  about a special toast?" Suzy declared and  doused  her
nipples on at a time in her glass.

     Connie and Don both licked them clean.

     "And  another!" said Don as he dipped the head of his  penis
into his glass.

     Suzy knelt down and sucked the wet glans into her mouth, her
tongue swirling about it. Don extracted it and soaked it again in
the  wine. This time Connie wasted no time, but swallowed a  much
of  the cock as she could, feeling the wide shaft fill her  mouth
and the rubbery head slide against the roof of her mouth. Raymond
or  not,  Suzy could never begin to suspect how  much  she  liked
sucking a man's penis.

     "Your  turn, Connie,"announced Suzy, looking at her  with  a
grin. "I've already done tits."

     Connie looked at the two of them for a long moment and then,
taking her wine glass, carefully laid back on the bed and put her
feet up over her shoulders. Very carefully, she opened her vagina
with two fingers and poured a trickle of wine into it.

     "A special, special toast," she murmured.

     Very  slowly, Don leaned down and noisily sipped  the  heady
liquid  from  the  delicate opening and savored  the  mixture  of
tastes.  His penis was still hard from the skilled  mouthing  the
women  had given him, and he felt Suzy's hand rub his  balls  and
the underside of his raging cock.

     "Save some for the next guy," she said, and Don  reluctantly
pulled away.

     Connie  smiled and poured another trickle into her pussy  as
Suzy climbed between her legs. The sight of Suzy's round ass, her
wet  vagina  and  the little sounds Connie sighed  as  the  woman
licked her dry were too much for Don to endure and without  hesi-
tation placed the head of his cock squarely among the pink  folds
of Suzy's pussy and pressed home. Her squeal was muffled by  Con-
nie's  pussy and her ass moved in a big circle as Don thrust  his
cock into her to its full extent. Slowly, he withdrew it and car-
ried it to the head of the bed where Connie's mouth engulfed  its
head.  Suzy  continued to lick her vagina furiously.  Don  looked
down at the two women. Things like this happened once or twice in
a  lifetime, he told himself. The trick was to accept it and  not
look forward or back. - No matter how exciting the woman was!


     Pouring wine into her vagina was the most far out thing Con-
nie had ever done, but this seemed to be the night to swing on  a
star.  It  was a night without recriminations or  judgments.  She
could say 'Yes'; she could say 'No'. The choice was hers. She was
in control.

     She closed her eyes and luxuriated in the heavenly  feelings
Suzy's tongue was stirring. When she opened the again, she  could
see Don's eyes close as he plunged his cock into the other woman.
She closed them again and suddenly she was looking up at the bul-
bous head of Don's cock, glistening with Suzy's juices and  smel-
ling  so  deliciously like Suzy had tasted not so  long  ago!  She
looked  up and saw what was clearly dried spots of semen  on  his
stomach and thighs. He had not bothered to wipe the come off him-
self  when  they had called him over. A delicious  warmth  spread
through  her and she opened her mouth to accept the  purple  plum
and the glistening drop of fluid hanging from its tip.

     She  caught the sweet droplet on the end of her  tongue  and
tasted its lightly salted flavor before capturing the spongy head
between her lips. She could taste Suzy's juices and slowly worked
her tongue up the shaft tasting more and more, running her tongue
from side to side across the swollen vein that ran the length  of
it.  Eating Suzy had been delightful (She had forgotten just  how
much she had enjoyed eating Cathy so long ago); but Don's cock in
her  mouth was lovely. She needed vaginal intercourse as much  as
anyone, but Connie's true choice was oral!

     Slowly,  she  sucked the full length of Don's  seven  inches
into her mouth until she felt the coarse scratching of his  pubic
hair  against her lip. The head had passed through her mouth  and
was in her throat. She remembered trying to learn how porn  stars
were  able to take ten inch cocks when she was gagging  on  five!
Then, one night it had happened. She turned herself a certain way
and  relaxed, and the man's cock slid into her mouth, up  to  the
hilt!  (What was his name, she pondered. All she  could  remember
was the way he groaned when he came.)

     Don's pelvis undulated as he reacted to the busy tongue mas-
saging  his cock. He gently kneaded her breasts as she  sinuously
sucked him in and out. Without taking his cock out of her  mouth,
she  snaked  her tongue along its base and laved his  balls  with
saliva.  She  tasted  stale come that had  dried  there  and  the
knowledge  of what it was sent a tiny thrill down to  where  Suzy
was  sucking her clitoris. A climax was building fast and  Suzy's
fingers  in her pussy and the cock in her mouth were pushing  her
toward the edge.

     Don  pulled  his cock back until only the head  was  in  her
mouth,  and she explored it with the tip of her  tongue,  feeling
the ridges and the sensitive opening she knew would reward her if
she loved it properly.

     Suddenly it was gone.

     She  opened her eyes to see the beautiful cock hanging  over
her face. Above it, Don's face was set in a frozen grimace.

     "I don't want to come yet," he told her.

     "Please," she pleaded. "I want to taste you."

     "I  promise," Don told her. "But right now, Suzy and I  have
our duty to perform."

     Suzy  stopped  what  she  was doing and  looked  up  at  him
expectantly.  He  reached over and picked up  Connie's  robe  and
removed the belt.

     Connie's  eyes  widened as he tied a loop on one  wrist  and
then  the  other. Soon, she was trussed firmly, her  arms  spread
above  her head and her legs crossed so that her ass  and  vagina
were  spread  open and unprotected. She shivered as Don  ran  his
tongue  from the middle of her back to her clitoris, swirling  it
quickly  as it crossed the tender flesh around her asshole.  Suzy
scrambled up and turned around to place her vagina squarely  over
Connie's mouth. Don placed his cock between her huge breasts  and
fucked  them as she squeezed them together. Then he moved  around
and  straddled  Connie's head to put his cock  inside  Suzy  once
more.  He  could feel Connie's mouth and tongue  working  on  his
balls  and  Suzy's  clitoris. The spasms  around  his  cock  gave
evidence to the effect Connie's mouth was having on her.

     Suzy had collapsed forward with her head on one of  Connie's
ample  ass  cheeks, her own ass high in the air with  Don's  cock
sliding in and out of it.

     "Great god-damned cock!" she muttered.

     Don  held her hips as she came noisily, pressing  deep  into
her while Connie fastened her mouth on her clitoris like a limpet
and sucked the little man in and out of her lips.

     Don stood up and walked away from the bed.

     "I have to take my time," he explained.

     "Untie me," Connie pleaded. "I want to make you come."

     Don  walked back and kissed Suzy deeply, running his  tongue
deep into her throat.

     "Connie wants to come," he told her.

     "What are you going to do?" Suzy asked.

     "Let's fuck her properly."

     Don walked to the foot of the bed and kissed Connie's ass in
the  sensitive groove between the two smooth hemispheres and  ran
his tongue down to the wrinkled opening. She caught her breath as
his tongue smeared a large mass of saliva over it.

     "I  don't  like anal sex!" she blurted. "You can't  fuck  my
ass! Let me loose!"

     "I agree totally!" Don told her. "And I have no intention of
fucking anything but your mouth and your sweet pussy."

     "Suzy!" she called, still unconvinced.

     "It's all right, Connie," her friend told her. "I won't  let
him hurt you."

     Connie was about to say something but Don's tongue returning
to  her  ass and then burrowing itself into her vagina  made  her
stop.  A moment later, she felt his cock slip past her labia  and
spread the walls of her vagina. He pressed it in to the hilt  and
then drew it all the way out and let its wet length lie along the
crack of her ass as he squeezed the cheeks together over it.  She
felt Suzy's hands busily rubbing his balls against the  sensitive
parts of her pussy.

     He drew his cock back down the crack of her ass and she felt
to  pause as its head passed over her asshole, but then moved  on
to re-enter her pussy while Suzy's fingers flicked over her  cli-
toris.  Her  climax mounted again as Don's penis filled  her  and
worked in and out. She strained against the belt, trying to reach
for him. He smiled down at her and bent to suck her nipples with-
out missing a stroke. Suzy's hand was working her to a frenzy  as
the  cock  plunged in and out of her. She groaned as  her  climax
started and suddenly the cock was gone.

     She  opened her eyes to find Don's cock pressed against  her
lips  and his hands busy freeing hers. She grasped his  cock  and
balls  and stuffed his penis greedily into her mouth, her  climax
still  throbbing within her. She sucked it deep into  her  throat
and  swallowed hard, trying to devour the thick shaft. He  placed
his  hands on either side of her head and fucked her face  madly,
Suzy's hand massaging his balls as he pumped. As he felt the jism
rising  within him, he pulled his cock almost all the way out  of
her  mouth, allowing only the head to remain inside as his  thick
come pumped out onto her tongue.

     She closed her eyes and tasted the salty liquid filling  her
mouth. She did not swallow at first, but savored the heavy taste,
allowing  a single drop to seep out the corner of her mouth.  Don
leaned  down and kissed it away, and Suzy clamped her mouth  down
on  Connie's, sucking Don's come into her own, and all three  ex-
changed  deep kisses among one another, savoring the rich,  heady
tastes of sex.

     "I'm sorry," Don told her."I didn't mean to scare you."

     "It's  okay,"  Connie told him. "I just have a  thing  about
anal sex."

     "So do I," Suzy added.

     "And  so  do  I," Don told them. "We should  have  set  down
ground rules before we started."

     "I wouldn't have thought I had any," Connie laughed.

     They  stretched out and slept then, Don between the  two  of
them, his hands holding a breast of each while they both held his
soft  penis  and balls. Connie woke sometime later with  the  bed
shaking with a telltale rhythm. In the half-light, she could  see
Suzy above Don, her breast swaying wildly, her head rolling  from
side  to  side. His hands were alternately moving from  one  huge
breast to the other. His back arched and she realized he was com-
ing.  Suzy's humping became a frenzy and soon she, too, was  com-
ing,  her hands gripping the base of his cock and wildly  rubbing
her clitoris as she did.

     As Suzy collapsed forward, Connie sat up and looked at them.
Don's  come was flowing out of her vagina and dripping back  onto
his  shrinking  cock and balls. She rolled over on her  side  and
slid  her  head in between them. She could feel  Suzy's  wet  ass
against  her  cheek and smell the rich smell  of  their  combined
juices.  Don's  pubic hair was matted with come  and  sweat,  and
Connie  greedily licked the slippery cock which sought  to  elude
her  in  the  dark. Finally, she caught it and  sucked  the  limp
member into her mouth, tasting Suzy's come as well as Don's.  She
worked  it  in and out slowly and gently, knowing it  was  super-
sensitive after just being inside Suzy. When it showed no sign of
getting hard, she slipped it out of her mouth and concentrated on
his balls, also soaked with come. She loved the taste of man  and
woman  combined.  She had always enjoyed sucking  a  spent  lover
after  hours  of  lovemaking!  It was as  if  she  was  capturing
something special.

     At the other end of the bed, she felt Don's head slipping in
between  her soft thighs, his tongue seeking the soft  center  of
her  pussy. She went back to his soft cock as his tongue  invaded
her pussy and his lips closed over her quivering clitoris. Suzy's
lips were gently massaging one of her nipples, but Connie concen-
trated  on the man's cock. His tongue was not keeping  itself  to
the  bounds  of her pussy, but was stealing its way back  to  her
asshole, arousing exciting new feelings as he nibbled along  what
was once a forbidden zone.

     Connie  sensed  that Don's progress had slowed  due  to  the
position  of her thigh and slowly raised it. She was rewarded  by
his  tongue running lightly around her asshole. She had heard  of
being  "rimmed"  but had never really experienced it.  Only  now,
with Suzy right beside her, but oblivious to what was  happening,
did  she  appreciate the intimacy of the act.  The  pleasure  was
becoming  excruciatingly  intense and she could feel  his  tongue
beginning to probe gently.

     And  then  it  was  back flicking  along  her  clitoris  and
swirling  at  the  entrance of her vagina.  She  took  each  ball
separately  in  her mouth and very gently ran her  tongue  around
it. Then she ran her tongue around the back of his sack and along
the rough line between his legs. She felt his legs part wider  as
she moved and suddenly realized she was nearing an area where she
had  never been. His tongue at her own asshole teased her on  and
she realized she was responding to the strange new feelings in  a
long-forgotten manner that took her breath away. It was like  the
first time she and Cathy had kissed one another's vagina, or  the
time  she and Georgie Pauley had gone behind the hedge and  shown
one  another their things. She knew it was wicked and wrong,  but
it was so, so exciting!

     Her tongue grazed over the rough surface of his asshole  and
she pulled back instinctively. As she did, his tongue swirled and
his  body thrust against her lips. His cock was still  soft,  but
she knew she was having a very erotic effect on him. With relief,
she realized there was no objectionable smell or taste. In  fact,
it was almost the opposite. She was enjoying this wicked new  ex-
perience  and reached up to spread his cheeks wider, just  as  he
was doing with her. This time, when her tongue reached the  wrin-
kled asshole, she did not pull away, but licked around it, flick-
ing it every now and then, and tickled it with her fingertips.

     Don  rewarded  her with a tattoo of finger  and  tongue-work
that took her breath away, and it sent her into a greater  frenzy
of  activity. She probed and pressed with the tip of her  tongue,
afraid to take the ultimate step and even more afraid not to.  It
was  like the time she had let George talk her into  sucking  his
cock.  They had been parked in the country and had  been  feeling
each other the way they always did. George knew she wouldn't  let
him fuck her, but finally talked her into kissing the head of his
cock, and then, finally , to take the whole thing into her mouth.
He  had  come almost immediately and she'd  been  horrified.  The
whole  night  was a disaster, but she could  still  remember  the
excitement  as she had bent over the throbbing cock knowing  that
something would change forever.

     Don's  tongue  was deftly licking her vagina  and  her  ass,
alternately  probing  deep  into each,  sending  electric  shocks
throughout  her  entire  body. Suzy's lips were  sucking  at  her
nipples and massaging her aching breasts. God! She wanted to come
again,  but she didn't want Don to stop what he was  doing.  With
her finger , she pressed against his asshole and felt it  resist.
She  backed  away  and replaced her finger with the  tip  of  her
tongue.  She probed again, more slowly this time, and the  resis-
tance  went away. A huge shudder went through Don's body and  she
felt his tongue burrow impossibly deep into her.

     There was one more thing she wanted to do. She had once read
it  in  the Kama Sutra, but had never believed  it  was  actually
possible. Tonight she would know.

     She  slid  back to take Don's cock into her  mouth.  It  was
still soft and small, although she knew it would not last for too
much  longer. Opening her mouth as wide as possible, she  stuffed
his balls in, too. She felt his hand rubbing the back of her head
gently, as if he was wondering what she was doing.

     "Here's a new one for you, Mister Birdwatcher!" she  thought
to herself and moved her tongue over the crowded balls.

     Her  finger massaged his slippery ass and she felt his  cock
begin  to stir as he realized what was happening.  She  swallowed
reflexively as her mouth began to fill. Soon the head of his cock
was  sliding down her throat and going deeper that any  cock  had
before.  She could hear him groan as she writhed gently.  It  was
the  only movement she could manage, but it was enough as he  let
out a whimpering sound. Then his head was gone to be replaced  by
Suzy's  and  she  knew he was eating her  furiously  as  she  ate
Connie.

     His  cock was filling her so much she could hardly  breathe.
The sensation was overpowering as his cock continued to grow  and
grow  inside  her. He was making curious little  sounds  now  and
trying to thrust and fuck against her mouth. She held him tightly
to  her  and  let her tongue probe mercilessly as  she  tried  to
swallow his cock again and again.

     She  wet her index finger in her vagina and rubbed  it  over
the tiny flower of his asshole. This time, she ignored the resis-
tance  and forced it in to the first joint. She heard  his  harsh
gasp muffled by Suzy's heavy thighs and soft pussy. She drove the
finger in a little further when the resistance subsided, and then
another and another.

     She was intoxicated with the heady feeling of power. She had
complete control of this man with his cock and balls in her mouth
and  three, no four fingers massaging his asshole. Suzy's  fervor
between her thighs told her he was responding to Connie's  minis-
trations.  His pelvis was thrusting against her face,  trying  to
fuck the mouth so full of male organs. Slowly, she pulled herself
free.

     "Fuck  me!"  she whispered hoarsely, her voice  almost  gone
from the punishment her throat had been taking.

     He  didn't answer, but moments later, his form  loomed  over
her  in  the dark and she felt his hands spread her  thighs  wide
apart.  It was Suzy who guided his rigid cock into her  pussy  as
she wrapped her thighs high around his waist and her arms  around
his  neck  as his cock pounded into her harder  and  faster.  His
breath  came  faster and she knew he was going to come,  but  she
didn't want to stop because she wanted to come, too, and feel his
hot  sperm shoot deep inside her to run down over  her  sensitive
ass  while his cock continued long after the last drop  had  left
him and she felt her own climax building, building, building...

     It  was  dawn when she awoke. Don was gone, and  Suzy  slept
beside  her.  The bed was still damp from sweat and  come.  Other
than  the condition of the bedroom, it might have been  a  dream,
but her tender vagina and the dull ache around her jaws told  her
it had been real enough. As she moved her legs, she felt his come
still wet between the cheeks of her ass. It felt like he had shot
gallons  into her! She ran her finger deep between her  legs  and
tasted.  It was still the sweet mixture of male and  female,  the
tastes that lingered still on her lips and in her mind.

     The  three  of them had talked briefly before  sleep.  Would
there  be  other  nights together?  Twosomes,  threesomes?  There
should  be  ground rules, he said and they all  agreed.  No  anal
fucking!  No  telling. No forcing. No jealousies. And  when  it's
gone,  it's  gone. She closed her eyes and remembered  the  deli-
cious,  wicked feelings of the previous night. She really  didn't
even  know his name - or he theirs. No phone numbers.  No  mutual
acquaintances. They could only confront one another face to face.
There was something very good about that, and something very hon-
est,  yet wonderfully mysterious. The only promises  between  the
three of them were the few that could be kept.

     She closed her eyes and settled back to sleep some more, her
hand stealing down to caress her tender vagina. Beside her,  Suzy
stirred softly. She placed a hand on the woman's firm behind  and
stroked  it  gently. Suzy was her friend in a  world  where  true
friends  were  rare.  The intimacy of the night  before  had  not
created a closeness between them; it had only brought it out  and
enhanced  it. Impulsively, she leaned over and kissed her on  the
cheek.

     Suzy responded by snuggling closer to Connie's shoulder.

     "Good  morning,"  she  murmured without  opening  her  eyes.
"Tonight  we  take  on the Eighty-second  Airborne  and  Ina  Rae
Hutton's All-Girl Band."

     "You're crazy, you know," Connie told her.

     Suzy looked at her with a serious expression.

     "I  thought you liked it. You don't feel guilty or  ashamed,
do  you? I mean, if I thought you did, I never  would  have...you
know, I mean..."

     Connie stopped her words with a light kiss.

     "It  was  great," she told Suzy. "Everything, I  mean.  It's
just  that  I really do like men better than women  and  I  don't
think  I  could  be a real Lesbian. I mean, I'd  rather  be  your
friend  than  your lover, if I had to make a choice.  Does  makes
sense to you?"

     "We both like men too much," Suzy grinned. "I think we might
have done some damage to that poor boy. I'll bet he's never  been
eaten like that before!"

     Connie  giggled and stretched. She felt lazy and  fulfilled.
Beside  her, Suzy was warm and comfortable. A hundred feet  away,
she could see into Don's apartment. It was still dark inside  and
she was unable to make out anything. The curtains were still wide
open. She wondered if he was using his binoculars and spread  her
legs to give him a better view.


     He  stopped on his way from the bathroom and picked  up  the
binoculars.  Connie lay with her legs spread  invitingly.  Suzy's
pert  behind rose next to her. One knee drawn up exposed  an  ex-
citing tuft of hair. He licked his lips, still tasting the two of
them.

     The  whole thing had started as a lark and resulted  in  the
most fabulous experience he could remember. He looked down at the
binoculars. The next time he met a birdwatcher, he'd have a  Hell
of a lot more respect!

--
