Archive-name: 3plus/bird2xxx.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Birdwatcher's Song


     Connie watched from the seclusion of her darkened  apartment
as  Don  plunged  his cock in and out of  the  woman.  They  were
standing  beside his bed, his knees bent so that he  could  enter
her  from  behind as she bent over to support  herself.  She  was
shorter  than  him with small breasts and thin legs. It  was  the
first  time she had ever seen him bring a woman to his  apartment
and she was fascinated with the spectacle she was watching.

     It  had  been weeks since she and Suzie had fucked  him  and
since that time, they had not spoken, although they had both made
a point of exhibiting themselves to one another. It was a private
game  they both enjoyed, and there had been a few times when  she
had been almost ready to call him over, or to put on some clothes
and  go  to  his place as she watched his  hard  cock  and  balls
swinging.  But she had always let the moment pass and waited  for
him to come to her.

     The  woman was sitting on the side of the bed  now,  sucking
his cock as he humped in and out of her mouth. As Connie watched,
he suddenly withdrew and a long arc of white come splashed on her
face   and  lips,  followed  by  another.  Connie  adjusted   the
binoculars  and saw the come glistening in her dark  brown  hair,
her tongue trying to capture more of it as it ran down her  face.
Don  pushed her back on the bed and buried his face in  her  open
pussy.

     Connie  plunged three fingers into her own pussy and  fucked
herself  madly as she watched the couple in the other  apartment.
It  had  been a long time since she had had a man. In  fact,  the
very  man she was watching was the last man she had fucked -  and
what a great fuck it had been! She closed her eyes and remembered
the touch of his tongue snaking around her clitoris and began  to
come as her fingers stroked the swollen polyp at the apex of  her
soft  vaginal lips. Across the way, the woman stretched her  legs
high  over her head as Don licked her pussy. Spasms  and  shaking
told Connie she, too, was coming.


     "Oh,  Don!"  Carolyn sighed, "you really know how to  eat  a
girl! Where did you ever learn to be so good?"

     "I  took a correspondence course," he replied. "It was on  a
matchbook cover - Can You Draw Good Head? - That's what I thought
it said, anyway."

     "Seriously.  Most men don't seem to know the little  secrets
that  women  know. Somebody had to tell you. Who was it?  An  old
love?"

     Don smiled and looked at the dark window across the way.  He
wondered  if Connie had been watching tonight. So many  times  he
had been tempted to call her or simply walk over and knock on the
door.  but that would have been too easy. After the  night  spent
with her and Suzy, he could never suggest anything as banal as  a
casual  night of lust. With Connie, he would have to be  creative
and,  at  the very least, different and exciting.  Anything  less
would  ruin  the  almost fantasy relationship  they  had.  For  a
moment,  though, his thoughts went back to the moments  when  she
had taken his soft cock and balls into her mouth and blown him as
no other woman ever had. Carolyn's ministrations, as practiced as
they were, could not come close to the sensations Connie's  lips,
tongue and fingers had produced.

     "Hey! Come back, lover!"

     "Oh, I'm sorry. I guess I got carried away," he apologized.

     Carolyn knelt on the bed and threw her arms around his waist
to hug him. One hand fondled his soft cock and her tongue  snaked
into  his navel. The other hand cradled his balls and  then  went
between  his legs to cup his ass as she devoured his limp  penis.
Occupied  with his cock, she failed to notice as he waved at  the
darkened  window in the building across the way. She did  notice,
though,  when, a few moments later, his cock took a decided  leap
within her mouth and began to stiffen once more.


     Connie  smiled to herself as she watched the woman  go  down
on the limp penis. When Don waved at her, she knew that he,  too,
was remembering the night they had had together. Still smiling to
herself,  she adjusted the small reading lamp beside her bed  and
spread her legs wide. Switching on the lamp, she let it highlight
the  lush pinkness of her open pussy and felt the cool night  air
blowing  across  the wet lips. Spreading herself  open  with  her
fingers, she watched the effect it had on the couple in the other
apartment.


     The sight of Connie's pussy had an immediate effect on  Don,
and  he  felt  his cock come alive in  Carolyn's  mouth.  He  had
suspected she was there, but this had been the first sign. As his
cock grew to full strength, Carolyn released it and looked up  at
him.

     "Do you want to fuck me?" she asked.

     Don  nodded and lay down beside her. Immediately, she  threw
her leg over him and straddled his cock. Raising up slightly, she
eased  his  penis into her wet pussy and  began  slowly  fucking.
Suddenly, she froze.

     "My God!" she exclaimed. "I can't believe it!"

     "What?"

     "There's  a  girl  over  there. I  mean  she's  jerking  off
and...Oh my God!"

     "What?"

     "Don, she's been watching us!"

     Don worked his hips so that his cock moved slowly in and out
of her as she stared into the night.

     "What's she doing?" he asked.

     "She's, she's got three fingers in her cunt! I can't believe
it! I mean...Do you know her?"

     "Uh huh."

     "Who is she?"

     "Connie. She lives there. I guess she likes to peek."

     Carolyn  was  becoming more excited as she watched  and  her
pert  ass answered Don's long thrusts with a pulsating rhythm  of
its own, her eyes fixed on the scene across the way.

     "Did you ever fuck her?" she asked in a strange voice.

     "Yes," Don replied.

     Carolyn's  pussy  swallowed  his cock to the  hilt  and  she
ground her clitoris into his pubic hair.

     "Did you know she was watching us?"

     "I wasn't sure. Does it bother you?"

     "I...I  don't know. It makes me feel funny, though. Sort  of
embarrassed  but excited at the same time. I think I'm  going  to
come!"

     Her ass stroked faster and faster as she talked and Don felt
his own orgasm coming on strongly. Carolyn made little sounds  as
she started to come and he grasped her ass roughly and pumped  up
into  her as his come spurted into her pussy. As  they  subsided,
she  remained on top of him, her ass poised high in the  air  and
partially  turned  to exposed her dripping pussy to the  eyes  of
whoever might be watching from the dimly lighted window.  Phantom
fingers were strumming the pink clitoris so fast they had  become
a blur as Carolyn reached down and milked the last drops of  come
from Don's cock.

     After a long while, she spoke.

     "What's she like?"

     "Connie?"

     "Is that her name?"

     "She's  nice,"  Don told her. "She's  pleasant  and  pretty,
too. And she gets very horny!"

     "I can't believe we let her watch us like that. And the  way
she had the light on herself...Don, do you two do this often?"

     "First time, actually. I didn't know it was going to happen.
Connie  is  a rather sensuous woman. Like other  people  I  could
name!  Not  that you'd ever consider doing  anything  quite  like
that."

     "What are you trying to say?"

     "Nothing. Except I noticed you didn't stop."

     "Why  should I. She wasn't hurting anybody. I kind of  liked
it."
     "Kind of?"

     "A lot."

     "How much is a lot?"

     "What  are you trying to get me to say, Don. I came,  didn't
I? After all I was getting a damned good fuck at the time!"

     "Would you like to meet her?"

     "Don!"

     "Would you?"

     "I don't know. Maybe. I mean, you said she was nice."

     "She's a very sensuous woman, Carolyn."

     Carolyn's  face became serious for a moment and  she  looked
directly at Don.

     "I  am, too," she said very softly and bent to lick  one  of
his nipples in an effort to underscore her meaning.

     "Would you like to meet her?" he repeated.

     Carolyn was very quiet for a few minutes. When she  replied,
her voice was clear and strong."

     "All right," she said. "are you going to call her?"

     "We both will," he replied and tugged her to her feet.

     Standing  together, they waved across the way  and  motioned
for  Connie  to  join them. When the tiny light went  out  and  a
moment  later another light elsewhere in the apartment  came  on,
they knew she was on her way.

     "I  hope you know what you're doing," Carolyn  breathed  and
shivered as Don ran his hand down her back to stroke her behind.


     Connie took a deep breath and knocked on the door. If anyone
had  ever suggested that she would be walking into  an  apartment
wearing nothing but a raincoat to meet a man she hardly  knew and
a woman who was a perfect stranger, she would have told them they
were  insane. But here she was. After watching the two  of  them,
she knew she could not resist their invitation to join them.  The
door  opened to reveal a dimly lit room and Don's  face  appeared
from  behind  it.  She  knew he was naked  behind  the  door  and
shrugged out of her coat as she entered. When she turned to  kiss
him, she was as naked as he.

     "Hello, stranger," he murmured as he stroked her full body.

     "Having fun?" she asked.

     "She's in the bedroom," Don told her.

     Connie  fondled his penis as she walked toward  the  bedroom
door and he cupped her ample breast as she walked. As she entered
the  room, she saw the woman had slipped between the  covers  and
was turned away from her.

     "I'm Connie," she said tentatively.

     "This is Carolyn," Don told her. "I think she's shy."

     "I'm  not shy!" Carolyn objected as she turned over and  sat
up. "I just never did anything like this before."

     Connie  smiled  as  she saw the woman's  face.  Carolyn  was
pretty and as the sheet slipped down, she saw her petite body and
small  breasts puckered with excitement. Carolyn smiled  back  at
her.

     "Did you enjoy the show?" she asked.

     Connie blushed unexpectedly.

     "Yes I did, actually. You're very exciting."

     "So  are  you,"  Carolyn replied as  her  eyes  roamed  over
Connie's  large  body, coming to rest on the auburn down  at  the
juncture of her thighs.

     As  Carolyn watched, Connie shifted her weight  slightly  to
allow  Don's  hand to grope her wet pussy and slide  two  fingers
into  her  cunt.  The  smaller woman's  eyes  widened  as  Connie
involuntarily  moaned  and thrust her abdomen  in  tiny,  jerking
motions.  Don leaned forward to capture a large breast  with  his
lips  and  suck the nipple in and out of his mouth,  tonguing  it
wetly. He slowly forced Connie down on the bed as Carolyn crawled
out  of the covers and positioned herself beside  them,  watching
Connie's  face intently as Don continued to finger-fuck  her.  In
less than a minute, Connie began to come and reached out to  hold
Carolyn's  shoulders  as the waves of pure pleasure  washed  over
her.

     "I'm  sorry,"  she  whispered as  she  regained  control  of
herself.

     "It's  all  right,' Carolyn told her softly.  "Did  it  feel
good? It looked like it was wonderful!"

     "It  was!"  Connie assured her. "I just meant that  I  don't
want to make you feel uncomfortable."

     "Don't  be  silly!" Carolyn replied and kissed  her  on  the
cheek,  making  sure  her  breasts  came  in  full  contact  with
Connie's.

     Don took advantage of the moment to put his arms around both
women  and take turns kissing them. Someone's hand  captured  his
cock. He was not sure whose it was, but did not care. Connie  was
making  small sounds in her throat as Carolyn kissed one  of  her
large breasts. He gently opened Connie's thighs and the hand  led
his  cock to the pouting lips of her pussy as  Carolyn's  fingers
parted  them  and urged his cockhead inside  the  girl.  Delicate
fingers  massaged his balls as he slid deep inside the big  woman
and  he felt Carolyn's tongue teasing the base of his cock as  he
fucked.  Connie's tongue had driven deep into his mouth  and  was
dueling with his own.

     When  he  came again, both women shared the warm  juices  as
they  spurted  out  of him and splashed  across  their  lips  and
breasts.  Licking one another off, they did not stop  until  they
were busily devouring one another's pussy as Don watched. He  had
always  suspected Carolyn would be a passionate lover, but  never
really thought she would be as lascivious as his sensuous  neigh-
bor.  Nor had he suspected that she would be as bisexual  as  she
was.  After Connie arrived, Carolyn had paid surprisingly  little
attention to him and concentrated on the other girl's breasts and
pussy.  Connie, on the other hand, had stayed true to her  nature
and paid Don's cock the attention it craved, sucking it deep into
her throat and rolling his balls between her lips.

     Finally,  the three of them lay side by side, exhausted  and
covered with perspiration.

     "I like your friends," Carolyn told him and squirmed  around
to give Connie a kiss.

     "So  do  I," Don agreed and ran his hand over  Connie's  wet
bush.

     Connie hugged both of them tightly and closed her eyes.  Her
orgasm had left her only partially satisfied, and Carolyn's warm,
tight  body glowed like a warm coal beside her. Under  her  hand,
though, Don's cock curled soft and small as she kneaded  lightly.
it  would take more than casual excitement to bring it up  again,
she knew. Carolyn, however was already beginning to pulsate gent-
ly  against her. Boldly, she let her fingers run along the  crack
of  the smaller woman's ass and dip between her thighs to  caress
the damp flesh of her vagina. She was rewarded by a pair of  soft
lips on her nipples and knowing fingers probing her own pussy  as
Carolyn rose to the occasion.


     Moments  later,  they  had  shifted  position  with  Carolyn
mounted  atop her, busily licking her wide-open pussy  while  she
probed  the  other woman's cunt with her tongue and  fingers.  As
Carolyn sucked her clitoris like a tiny cock, Connie did the same
to her and felt the woman humping her pussy into her mouth as she
reached down and forced Carolyn's face deeper into her crotch.

     Laying  on  top of Connie brought back  memories  from  many
years for Carolyn. Marsha had been her best friend for as long as
she  could  remember, and the two girls had  grown  up  together.
Therefore, when John, Marsha's older brother, took an interest in
the developing Carolyn, it was not so much of a noticeable  event
as  a natural development. The day they kissed, though, she  felt
his  stiff  penis through their clothes and knew  that  something
important had happened. John was two years older than the  girls,
and more sophisticated than either of them. A popular athlete, he
never lacked for girls friends, but had been taken with the  pert
curve of Carolyn's behind and the upturn of her growing breasts.

     When she accepted his invitation to go to the drive-in  that
night,  she  immediately thought of telling Marsha. But,  for  no
particular  reason, she changed her mind at the last  moment  and
put the telephone back in the cradle. She thought of John's  kiss
for  the rest of the afternoon and, as she relaxed in  the  bath,
she  closed  her  eyes and remembered the feeling  of  his  penis
pressing  against her thigh as their lips pressed  together.  She
wondered  what it looked like and a tight feeling in the  pit  of
her stomach told her that she would soon know!

     He  had kissed her as soon as they pulled into the  drive-in
and  she  answered him savagely, meeting his lips with  a  hungry
pressure  as  he drove his tongue into her mouth  and  his  hands
began  roaming over her body. She let them go and encouraged  him
by  rubbing his chest and arms with her own hands as  her  tongue
met his and tried to delve as deeply into his throat as she could
go.  She whimpered in excitement as he squeezed her breasts,  and
her  hand  pressed  his  closer and  harder.  Not  satisfied,  he
caressed  her behind and rubbed her thighs, reaching the  hem  of
her skirt and sliding it up until her white panties showed.

     Her  own  hand was rubbing his thigh as she waited  for  his
fingers  to climb further up her leg. Suddenly, he took her  hand
in  his and placed it firmly on the hard lump of his  penis.  She
gasped  as  she  felt  it jump under the  smooth  fabric  of  his
trousers, and his hand guided hers in a slow rubbing motion  that
she continued after he let go. His hands went back to her  thighs
and  rubbed  her  soaking pussy through the slick  cloth  of  her
panties. His fingers slipped inside and she felt them probing her
pussy  as  she found the zipper of his trousers.  She  pulled  it
down as John pulled her panties down over her behind and massaged
the  cheeks of her bare ass. She raised up so he could pull  them
the  rest  of the way down and freed his penis as he did  so.  It
sprang out  hard and furious, and her eyes opened wide as she saw
it.

     John guided her hand once more and she felt the smooth  skin
of his cock for the first time as he taught her how to stroke  it
up and down. Reaching down, he freed his balls and she felt their
heavy  softness, feeling them slip away from her  fingers  inside
their  warm sac. His fingers were stroking her pussy by  now  and
she  shifted  her weight again as he opened her lips  and  played
with  her clitoris. His fingers probed her pussy lightly and  she
gasped  as  they touched the delicate membrane of her  hymen  and
pressed softly inward.

     "Be careful. Don't hurt me," she whispered.

     He did not answer but pressed his mouth on hers and she felt
his  tongue  pulsing in and out of her mouth as his  hand  guided
hers up and down his cock to match the rhythm of his tongue.  His
other hand set up a similar pattern on her clitoris until she was
conscious  of  nothing  but the pulsing of his  fingers  and  the
swollen  thickness  of  his cock in her hand.  She  could  hardly
breathe  because of the excitement that was building in her,  and
she broke the kiss finally to look down at the beautiful cock  in
her hand. The head was almost purple and shone darkly as drops of
moisture oozed from the slit in its tip.

     "Suck it!" John Whispered urgently.

     She  looked  at  him to see if he really meant  it.  He  was
sitting with his head thrown back and his eyes closed. There  was
no  question  that  he had meant what he  said.  Very  slowly,she
lowered her head, his fingers still strumming her clitoris.  When
her  closed lips came in contact with the rubbery head he  thrust
upward,  trying to feed her. She let the tip of her tongue  brush
over  it and found the taste to be far from unpleasant. His  hand
on  the back of her head drove her down and she found  her  mouth
filled with is cock and she gagged.

     "I'm sorry," she apologized. "I've never done this before."

     "If you don't like it..."

     "No!"  she objected. "I do like it. It's just that you  have
to let me get used to it!"

     Slowly, she returned to her task. This time she took several
inches  of his cock into her mouth and sucked it as he  had  told
her  to in the beginning. The effect was immediate on him and  he
groaned and twisted his hips, trying to fuck her virgin mouth  as
she  sucked her first cock. She marveled at the hot, spongy  feel
of  the head as it slid over her tongue and felt the  loose  skin
sliding  between her lips as her head tried to match the  furious
pumping of his hips.

     Suddenly, Carolyn became aware of something happening and  a
salty  taste  invaded her mouth as John's cock  shot  streams  of
come. It took a moment for her to realize what was happening  and
then  all the hushed stories she had heard came back to her in  a
heady,  exciting rush. She sucked the throbbing cock with a  ven-
geance to capture drop after drop and swallowed it all  greedily.
As  she sucked, the lovely thing began to wilt in her  mouth  and
John forced her away from it.

     By  the time the movie was halfway over, she had sucked  him
hard  once more and had come in his hand as he frigged  her  cli-
toris to a frenzy. She climbed on top of him and pressed his cock
against the soft down of her cunt and pressed her lips to his  as
he  fumbled between them. She squealed sharply as his cock  pene-
trated her hymen and entered her pussy. Despite the burning  sen-
sation  in  her  pussy, she humped him madly,  feeling  his  cock
pressing  against her cervix. He pulled out of her  abruptly  and
she  felt his come splashing against her stomach as she held  his
cock close to her as he continued to thrust his hips at her.

     It  marked  the beginning of her lifelong  infatuation  with
sex,  and she spent the rest of that year meeting  John  whenever
and  wherever she could. She became expert at  deriving  pleasure
from his and soon learned how to entice him into serving all  her
pleasure points.

     They  were  in John's bedroom when Marsha  discovered  them.
They  had thought they were alone in the house and had wasted  no
time  in getting out of their clothes. Marsha walked in on  them,
they  were in the sixty-nine position with Carolyn kneeling  over
John's mouth as she sucked his cock and jerked him off the way he
especially  loved. Marsha stopped cold as she saw them and  stood
for a moment watching. So busy with one another, they were,  that
neither realized she was there. Carolyn's thighs hid John's view,
and  when she turned her eyes and saw her best  friend  watching,
she  froze, the swollen cock halfway down her throat,  her  hands
cradling his balls.

     Neither girl moved until Marsh licked her lips nervously and
moved her hand to her breast. As she did, Carolyn slid John's red
cock as far into her throat as she could, making him moan as  she
forced  the muscles of her throat to swallow frantically.  As  he
began to come, she lifted her head and used her hand to  pump his
cock  so  that Marsha could see the gobs of come spurting  up  on
Carolyn's face and hair.

     Marsha gasped and fled.

     Carolyn's  orgasm  washed  over her like a  wave  as  John's
tongue  swirled  over her clitoris, and she  came  again,  almost
immediately, grinding her pussy into his face.

     She  found  Marsha in her own room. She was sitting  on  the
edge  of  her bed with tears running down her  cheeks.  At  first
Carolyn had not noticed it, but she soon realized Marsha's  hands
were  in her shorts and the girl was very obviously playing  with
herself as she sat crying.

     "I'm sorry," Carolyn said and sat beside her.

     "It's all right," Marsha sniffled. "It's just..."

     "What?"

     "I can't tell you."

     "Please!  Don't  cry! I didn't want you  to  know!"  Carolyn
pleaded.  She put her arms around Marsha to comfort her and  felt
the  girl's wet cheek against her own. For the first  time,  too,
she became aware of the firmness of her friend's breasts.

     "Oh, Carolyn," Marsha sobbed. It was so...so...Oh, God!  How
could you stand it?"

     "What do you mean?"

     Marsha stopped crying and tried to get ahold of herself.

     "I'm  sorry," she said stiffly. "I guess I got carried  away
seeing  you and Johnnie like that. It's O.K., though.  You're  my
best friend, so I won't get mad."

     Slowly, it began to dawn on Carolyn.

     "You  and Johnnie?" she asked, her voice barely  a  whisper.
They  were still holding one another and Marsha's arms  held  her
closely.

     "Are you mad at me?" Marsha asked in a tiny voice.

     "No! You did it with your brother?"

     "It  wasn't  like  that!" Marsha pleaded. "I  mean,  I  love
Johnnie. Please don't tell anybody. I'd die if anybody else found
out."

     "I won't tell. And don't you!" Carolyn replied. "But..."

     "But what?" Marsha was suddenly alarmed.

     "Well, you saw me with Johnnie. It's not fair unless you let
me see you."

     Marsha's eyes widened.

     "Carolyn! What are you saying?"

     "Nothing.  Just that you have to let me watch you with  him,
just like you watched me. Then we'll be even."

     Marsha looked around as if to make sure they were alone.

     "We, uh...we sort of do everything," she said quietly.

     "So do we."

     "I know. Johnnie told me."

     "You knew we  went all the way?"

     "He  told me when you blew him in the drive-in.  You  really
turned him on! He didn't want any other girl but you. And me,  of
course."

     "Then why did you get so upset just now?"

     "Seeing  you  doing  that to him. It just  made  me  want...
never  mind.  I guess I was just acting silly. And  besides,  you
caught  me playing with myself. I was a little  embarrassed,  and
all. Besides, you're so pretty and I'm so..."

     Carolyn impulsively kissed the other girl and was  surprised
to have the kiss returned. The tip of Marsha's tongue touched her
lips for a second and then the kiss was gone. Carolyn  remembered
the  delicious hot flush that crept through her as  she  realized
what the kiss really meant.

     "You  kiss good," she said. "And besides, I don't  know  why
you think I'm so pretty. Look at you you're breasts are twice  as
big as mine. I bet Johnnie really likes them."

     Marsha smiled and looked down at herself.

     "He likes to suck them," she said. "I love it when he does."

     Carolyn  eyed the larger girl's nipples poking  through  the
light  fabric of her T-shirt. Even at 15, Marsha's  breasts  were
large  and  heavy,  almost as large then as  Connie's  were  now,
Carolyn  thought  to  herself as she reminisced.  And  easily  as
sensitive!  She had giggled mischievously as she tickled  one  of
Marsha's nipples, making the other girl gasp with surprise.

     "Carolyn!"

     "As good as Johnnie?"

     Marsha looked at her coyly.

     "Maybe," she said with a little grin. She was looking  away,
but  her eyes met Carolyn's for a scant moment. The  meaning  was
there, all right. Carolyn saw that look too many times after that
to have forgotten how it affected her then.

     Now it was her turn to become shy.

     "I can be better," she said, lowering her eyes.

     Marsha did not answer but continued to look down at the bed-
covers. Her hands twisted together nervously.

     "Want  to see?" Carolyn pressed. Marsha nodded once  without
looking at her.

     "Promise not to tell anybody?"

     Again, Marsha nodded and Carolyn slid next to her.

     "Lift  up your shirt," she whispered, and when  Marsha  did,
she stared at the full, blue-veined breasts with their pink caps.

     She ran her hands softly over one of them, feeling its  full
weight as she lifted it. Without another word, she bent her  head
and  captured  the turgid nipple and began  sucking,  moving  her
tongue over it. She felt Marsha's own hands tentatively exploring
her  body and when she shifted to the other breast and  continued
sucking,  Marsha  peeled her shirt away and  began  fondling  her
small, hard breasts, too.

     "Am I as good as Johnnie?" she asked impishly and went  back
to sucking the excited nipple.

     Marsha's  only answer was a strange sound from deep  in  her
throat and the movement of her hands to Carolyn's shorts. Without
taking  her lips away from Marsha's tits, she shifted her  weight
and  allowed the girl to run her hand down inside her panties  to
caress her pussy.

     When  John found them, Carolyn recalled, they  were  wearing
only  their panties, and had only slipped them back on when  they
heard him coming.

     Connie moved sinuously beneath her and Carolyn slid her fin-
gers  into the soft mat of pubic hair between the girl's  thighs.
She had always enjoyed the bodies of larger women, a  throw-back,
she was sure, to her years with Marsha and John. Don had rejoined
them and was assisting Connie in ministering to Carolyn's  pussy,
tonguing  it deeply as Connie sucked her clitoris. It was a  rare
combination of effects she especially loved and wondered why  she
had never before recognized just how sexy a man Don was. They had
known  one another for several years and had just now decided  to
see one another socially. Tonight, she had been hoping for a nice
lay, but this was much, much more than she had bargained for.

     Don  tasted the heady aroma of Carolyn's pussy  and  pressed
his  tongue  further inside her. His cheek  was  pressed  against
Connie's  and  he  could feel the muscles of  her  jaw  and  face
working  as she sucked her pink clitoris. He put his  arm  around
Connie and cupped her large breast, pressing his still-limp  cock
against  her ample ass. She tensed her muscles, pinching  it  be-
tween  the  smooth,  firm cheeks. As the two  of  them  continued
eating  Carolyn,  he felt his cock begin to slowly  grow  as  the
warmth  of Connie's ass filled him. She, too, was becoming  aware
of the stiffening prick between her cheeks as she began to make a
slow, rubbing motion with her hips. Carolyn's lips and tongue  at
her cunt also enhanced her rhythm and Don knew her orgasm was not
far off.

     Connie  reminded him of someone else he had once  known  and
loved.  They  were much younger then, but Sue had  had  the  same
wide,  ample  body and the full, pendulous  breasts  that  marked
Connie  so  distinctively. They had met at a party and  each  had
left their own date to slip away. Taken with the wildness of  the
moment,  they had gone to his apartment and necked heavily  until
he slipped his hand inside her bra to feel her nipples. He winced
in pleasure as he remembered the way she had grabbed his hand and
pressed  it hard against her warm flesh. Reaching behind her,  he
unhooked  her  bra even as she was pulling her sweater  over  her
head  and  immediately  kissed  the huge  nipples  as  they  came
tumbling  into  view. Sue's breasts hung low and  pendulous,  the
tips crowned with dark brown aureolae and huge nipples that stood
out like corks. He lifted one of her breasts with both hands  and
devoured  it,  sucking as much soft flesh into his  mouth  as  he
could hold.

     As he licked and sucked her breasts, Sue's hands tentatively
roamed  to  the  waistband of his trousers  and  lingered  there.
Without leaving her breasts, he ran his right hand down her  back
and  slipped it inside her slacks to feel the soft flesh  of  her
ass.  As he did, she expertly undid his belt and pulled down  his
zipper  she grasped his raging cock at the same moment  he  found
the  wet  folds  of her pussy. As he frigged her  wet  hole,  she
pulled  away and bent over to take his cock in her mouth  to  run
her  tongue the full length of the big vein swelling beneath  it.
Sue  had always sucked his cock better than anyone in  the  world
until he met Connie. It had been years since he had seen her, but
he could still feel her lips and tongue urging the juices out  of
his balls.

     He cold also remember her big, soft body as she loomed  over
him,  rubbing her breasts all over his face and chest,  her  soft
ass massaging his stomach and thighs until her pussy captured the
head  of  his  cock  and drew its full  length  into  her.  Their
relationship  was based on lust, by their own design and  desire.
They  put  no bounds on their lust, except to honor  the  other's
decision  to say "No" to anything. As far as Don could  remember,
it was a word that neither of them ever used.

     Carolyn's  spasms told him she was coming again, and  Connie
was  making  tiny  sounds as she glued her  lips  to  the  girl's
clitoris.  Don's  cock had come to a full  erection  and  pressed
against  the tender flesh inside of Connie's thighs.  She  opened
her  legs  and  let the head slip against her own  wet  cunt  and
reached down to stroke his balls with her finger-tips. They  were
wet  and heavy as he pushed his cock far into her open  pussy.  A
sudden intrusion of Carolyn's lips and tongue across Don's  balls
caused her to withdraw her fingers. Immediately, she felt Carolyn
licking  her pussy, tasting the heavy juices that Don's cock  was
forcing  from her, and exciting her clitoris as the  broad  penis
inside her stretched her vagina.

     Don  was  on his knees now, seriously  fucking  Connie  from
behind, feeling the full mounds of her broad buttocks against his
abdomen everytime he thrust into her. Carolyn was licking the two
of  them as they worked and he knew his third orgasm was  shortly
forthcoming  as her tongue worked to send the thick, white  juice
up  into his cock. It was better than even Sue had been.  Despite
Sue's fantasy to be ganged-fucked, they had never had anyone join
them and Don did not even know whether Sue would have liked it or
not. But Connie left no doubt. She was the perfect complement for
him.  He  wondered what she would be like by  herself,  and  then
remembered  the  phenomenal  blow-job she had given  him  in  her
apartment.

     Just  before he came, he slipped his cock out of  her  pussy
and fucked it against her clit. Carolyn licked the dripping  head
as well as Connie's wet cunt as he began to come again. The  come
spurted out of him and across Connie's pubic hair. Carolyn caught
most  of  it  in her mouth and crawled up to kiss  both  of  them
deeply.  Both Connie and Don tasted the mixture of male come  and
pussy  juice in her mouth as they took turns spearing their  ton-
gues deeply inside her.

     Connie half-woke as Carolyn kissed her goodbye and left  the
apartment. Don kissed her too and promised to let her sleep until
he came back, and she lazily closed her eyes and let them go. The
next time she woke, Don's naked body was sliding into bed  beside
her  and he pressed warm and strong beside her. She  wiggled  her
ass  contentedly as he pressed up against her. Sighing, she  went
back to sleep. When she awoke again, the sun was shining brightly
in the open window and Don was sucking one of her breasts. A  cup
of coffee and a glass of orange juice were on the bedstand.

     "Good  morning," she murmured and reached for the  class  of
juice. Don beat her to it, though, and knelt beside her, his cock
stiff and dark.

     Taking  his cock, he dipped it in the glass of orange  juice
and  then  presented it to her to suck clean. When  she  did,  he
repeated  the exercise again and again until she held  him  still
and sucked him vigorously.

     "Not so fast!" he warned her. "I have limits, you know!"

     She leaned back and laughed.

     "Hand  me  my coffee," she told him. "And don't  scald  your
dick in it, either!"

     He chuckled and handed the cup to her.

     "How was your trip last night?" she asked.

     "To  Carolyn's place? Fine. She likes you, she says. I  just
took a chance, actually. When I saw you watching us, I figured if
she  didn't like it, she could leave early. I didn't realize  she
was as into it as she is!"

     "She  seems  nice, but I think I might be giving  the  wrong
idea  of myself," Connie said. "I'm actually a very  conservative
person. You just seem to bring out secrets that I thought no  one
could find! You seem to enjoy them so much, I guess it's O.K. But
last night I got a little worried a couple of times."

     Don kissed her.

     "You're  more than any man could ever hope to dream of!"  he
assured  her. "You're probably the most exciting woman I've  ever
met."

     Connie pinched his ribs playfully.

     "That's  why  you  call me so much!" she  retorted.  "I  was
beginning  to  think...well,  I'm  glad  we  caught  each   other
tonight."

     Don nodded and kissed her again.

     "I'm sorry," he told her simply and slipped into bed  beside
her.

     Connie put her coffee down very carefully and rolled  toward
him.  Wordlessly, he slid his body on top of hers as  she  opened
her thighs to him. His cock was already stiff and he slid it into
her wet pussy without delay, sinking it in as far as it would go.
He could feel the muscles of her vagina squeezing around it as he
began  to draw it out again. Her hands were firmly upon his  ass,
guiding his speed and pulling him into her as deeply as she could
urge him.

     They  fucked slowly and deliberately, all  concentration  on
the juncture of their bodies, he reveling in the smooth tightness
of  her pussy, and she in the plunging friction of his wide cock.
He  made  little  whimpering sounds as he came  in  her  and  she
answered him with her own orgasm moments later. As his soft  cock
slipped out, she felt the mixture of their juices seep out of her
and slide down into the crack of her ass. As they lay quietly  in
their  afterglow,  she let her fingers creep down  to  touch  her
tender cunt and feel the slippery flesh between her thighs.  Then
they slept.

     Connie awoke with a warm feeling and quickly recognized that
she  was captured in the arms of a man who was holding  her  from
behind  and  stroking her right breast. His  cock  pressed  hotly
against  the  tender  flesh  of  her  behind,  which  she   moved
seductively against him, and felt the hard penis jump against her
ass.  Her  skin was caked with dried come and it cracked  as  she
moved.

     "Where's  the  bathroom?"  she asked, and  got  out  of  bed
reluctantly.

     She was about to return to bed when he met her at the door.

     "Shower-time!" he announce and she allowed him to steer  her
back into the bathroom and entered the shower stall.

     The  warm  water cascaded them and Don began  lathering  her
body  with a rich smelling soap. She braced herself  against  the
side of the shower stall as his fingers slipped between her  legs
and  soaped the tender folds of her vagina. Taking the soap,  she
lathered her hands and then rubbed his cock and balls until  they
were  white with suds. He knelt and carefully scrubbed  each  leg
and,  turning  her around, soaped her back and her  wide  bottom,
taking special care to run his hands over her round buttocks  and
down into the tender flesh of her pussy.

     Turning  around,  she did the same to him, starting  at  the
back  of  his  neck and working her way  down  to  his  buttocks.
Slipping  her hand between his legs, she soaped his  balls  well,
feeling  their  weight  in the palm of her hand.  She  moved  her
fingers and felt them sliding away from her touch. Resoaping  her
hands,  she smoothed his ass once more, groping as intimately  as
he had, until her turned and took her in his arms.

     His  cock  was stiff once again, and she broke the  kiss  to
kneel  before  him.  The water rained down on  her  face  as  she
engulfed his cock and began sucking him with long, slow  strokes.
His hands entwined in her wet hair as he moved with her  questing
mouth. He made her break the embrace before coming, however,  and
pulled  her  out of the shower to kneel on the soft  rug  on  the
bathroom  floor.

     Without  a  word he knelt behind her and entered  her  pussy
with  a single stroke and began fucking her deeply. She  put  her
hands under her to feel his cock going in and out, and rubbed the
tip of her clitoris as he fucked her. Her orgasm was beginning to
build when he suddenly stopped and pulled out of her.

     "I  can't get enough of you!" he gasped. "Let's get back  in
bed!"

     "Let's dry off first," she laughed. "I'm freezing to death!"

     He  laughed and wrapped her in an oversized bath towel,  and
gave  her  another  to fold around her soaking  hair.  He  rubbed
himself  dry  and led her back to the bed. She sat  down  on  the
bedside  and began rubbing her hair dry as he knelt in  front  of
her and parted her thighs. Sliding forward so that her ass was on
the  very  edge,  she exposed her gaping cunt to  his  mouth  and
closed  her eyes as he expertly sucked her clitoris and then  ran
his  tongue the length of her pussy. His fingers tickled her  ass
and  her  clitoris as his tongue delved into the  depths  of  her
slit.

     Don felt her legs tremble as she came again and again  while
he  ate her.  He tasted the heady aroma of her cunt and  realized
just  how unique and delicious her pussy was. He sucked her  clit
into  his  mouth and heard her making low, panting sounds  as  he
continued making her come. Finally, he stood up and kissed her on
the lips.

     "Sit  down," she whispered and quickly changed  places  with
him.

     She  looked  closely  at his red cock and  the  heavy  balls
beneath it. It was fringed by curly brown hair, and a light  down
covered  his  balls.  She  wet her tongue and  ran  it  over  the
wrinkled sac hanging between his legs. Lifting his balls, she ran
her tongue over the sensitive place just behind them and felt his
body  react.  She worked back up over his balls  and  licked  the
length of his cock, using her fingers to milk out a tiny drop  of
clear juice for her to taste.

     Secretly,  Connie  prided herself on being  an  accomplished
cocksucker  who  loved her work! She had first learned  about  it
when she was in the back seat of George Pauley's car. He had come
in her mouth and she had been furious and made him take her right
home.  She went immediately to her room that night and lay  awake
shaking in excitement thinking about what she had just done,  and
tasting  the  lingering  traces of come.  She  could  still  hear
George's  breath coming in quick pants and the whimpering  sounds
he  made  as the gobs of come flooded her mouth.  She  put  three
fingers  in  her cunt and brought herself to  such  a  shattering
orgasm that her mother had knocked on her bedroom door to see  if
she was all right.

     It was not until a few months later, though, that she really
learned what it was really all about and how much she enjoyed it.
She  was  staying with her aunt and uncle for a  week  while  her
parents  were away, and had been enjoying her stay as she  always
did.  She and her Aunt Carlie had been shopping and  sightseeing,
and  doing  things together like going to  lunch  in  fashionable
restaurants  that had made Connie feel very grown-up and  sophis-
ticated.  Carlie was several years younger than  Connie's  mother
and  more of an older sister than an aunt to Connie. The  two  of
them laughed and swapped stories, Carlie always interested in her
niece's latest doings.

     One  afternoon, they were sitting in an outdoor cafe  having
an ice cream soda when Carlie suddenly winked and nodded toward a
young  man  walking by. Connie looked at him  keenly,  trying  to
discern what her aunt was looking at. The man was rather handsome
with  a  good build and dark, curly hair.  Connie  found  herself
rather interested as he passed.

     "Great  buns!" her aunt remarked and Connie blushed  as  she
realized she was watching him with more than passing interest.

     "Don't  tell  me you hadn't noticed," she teased  the  girl.
"When I was your age, I..."

     She  let her voice trail off as she  grinned  mischievously.
Connie blushed crimson and looked down at her ice cream. Her aunt
patted her forearm reassuringly.

     "Don't tell me you don't have any boyfriends!"

     Connie shrugged.

     "I go out sometimes," she answered.

     "Good  God, he's sweet!" her aunt said looking at the  young
man again. "I'll bet he's hung like a horse!"

     "Aunt Carlie!" Connie exclaimed.

     "What's  the  matter?" she laughed. "Do you think  you  kids
have  a  monopoly on sex? Us old ladies like to  look  too!  Just
don't tell Jack I was checking out the local talent. He seems  to
think I should be blind!"

     Connie grinned. She liked Carlie just because the woman made
her feel she was on her level and not a child. She had had a  lot
more  intimate conversation with her girlfriends, of course,  but
talking so frankly with her aunt made her feel even more mature.

     "I won't tell him, Aunt Carlie."

     "That's  O.K.,"  the  woman conceded.  "You  probably  liked
that kid better than I did! Myra better keep her eye on you!"

     Again Connie blushed.

     "You little devil!" Aunt Carlie teased. "You're way ahead of
all  of  us, aren't you? Tell your Aunt Carlie all  about  it.  I
can't wait to hear what goodies you've been into."

     And so the afternoon went on until Connie had confessed  her
recent fun and games to her aunt who, in turn, confided in Connie
about some of the affairs she had had as a teen-ager. When Connie
asked  about her current activities, however, Carlie changed  the
subject  and the two of them left the cafe and went home.  Connie
knew  she had touched on something that her aunt found  extremely
sensitive,  and  Connie  was more than certain  that  Carlie  was
having an affair with someone.

     Connie  ran  her tongue the length of Don's  cock  and  then
poked  the tip of it under the ridge of its large,  spongy  head.
Softly, she covered it with her lips and ran her tongue into  the
tiny  slit. She loved the feel of a man's glans in her mouth  and
squeezed the shaft with her hand to make the head swell large and
firm.  Don  arched his back as she slid the cock  deep  into  her
throat. His pubic hair tickled her nose as she sucked contentedly
on the throbbing cock.

     "Can you wait a couple of minutes? I have to run inside  and
see about some business," her aunt had said as they pulled up  in
front of a small office building. It housed a real estate office,
primarily and Connie waited as her aunt went inside.

     As  the  time passed, she grew more restless  and  began  to
worry as thirty minutes went by. Finally, she got out of the  car
and  went into the office. There was no one in the outer  office,
but  she  could hear her aunt's voice very  clearly  coming  from
behind a closed door.

     "Oh  God!  I love that!" she was saying and  a  man's  voice
responded, so muffled that Connie could not make out what he  was
saying.

     Connie  tiptoed over to the door and opened it a tiny  crack
to peek through. Her aunt sat on a desk. Her blouse was open  and
her breasts hung bare. Her shirt was pulled above her waist and a
man knelt between her thighs, his face buried in her bush. Connie
flushed  with excitement as she saw his pants were down  and  his
hand was stroking his erect cock as he ate her aunt's pussy.  His
cock  was broad and long; it seemed gigantic compared  to  George
Pauley's. Connie stared at it as he stroked it back and forth.

     As she watched, he stood up, and her aunt slid off the  desk
to kneel before him and suck his cock into her mouth. He held her
head and fucked in and out while she stroked his ass and  soothed
his swaying balls. Finally she stood up.

     "Fuck  me,  Stan," she gasped as she sat back on  the  desk,
opening her legs for him. Connie saw the pink lining of her  cunt
as she opened the lips to accommodate his cock. The man drove  it
into  her as the girl watched in breathless excitement.  She  had
never seen anyone fucking before and watching her aunt taking the
fat cock into her pussy was almost more than she could bear.

     Suddenly  the  man's hips began moving  incredibly  fast  he
began grunting with passion.

     "Oh yes! Come in me," Aunt Carlie panted. "Shoot it all!"

     Connie  could see her hands digging into the man's  buttocks
as her aunt pulled him closer and closer. Her feet were suspended
in  the air, pumping furiously in time to his thrusting hips  and
she squealed as he stopped and shuddered.

     "Oh  Christ!" Carlie exclaimed. "I left my niece out in  the
car. She'll think I got lost!"

     "You're too much, Carlie!" the man exclaimed and Connie  saw
them  straighten up and adjust their clothes. When her  aunt  re-
turned  to  the car, Connie was conveniently  asleep  and  smiled
sweetly as the woman got into the car.

     As  they  drove toward home, they passed another  young  man
walking beside them.

     "Great buns," Connie remarked pointedly.

     "I  suppose," her aunt replied and then looked at her  oddly
for  a moment. Neither spoke again until they were  nearly  home.
Then Aunt Carlie cleared her throat and began.

     "I'm trying to prepare a little surprise for Uncle Frank, so
maybe  we  shouldn't  tell him about the stop we  made  today.  I
wouldn't want him to put two and two together and ruin it."

     Connie nodded and looked down at the floor.

     "I'm  sorry I was so long," her aunt continued. "I just  got
involved and couldn't get out of there!"

     "I know," Connie murmured.

     Her aunt smiled wryly.

     "Stan has nice buns," Connie added and winked impishly.

     "Connie! Don't tell me you...Oh my God!"

     Her  aunt had to pull the car over to the side of  the  road
while  she  got ahold of herself. And Connie rolled her  eyes  in
fear that she had gone too far.

     Her  Aunt Carlie leaned back and looked at the roof  of  the
car.

     "I'm so embarrassed," she said. "I don't know what to say."

     "You  don't  have to say anything," Connie  answered.  "It's
O.K.  I love you, Aunt Carlie. I know you must love him, too,  or
you wouldn't..."

     "Oh,  you don't know!" her aunt laughed. "Connie,  you  just
don't  know! Frank is a nice guy, but he's...well, he's  sort  of
boring,  if  you know what I mean. I wouldn't hurt him  for  any-
thing,  but Stan just turns me to water. I mean, I would do  any-
thing for him!"

     "I think I know what you mean," Connie told her. "I wouldn't
think  of saying anything to Uncle Frank. Are you going to  leave
him and marry Stan?"

     Carlie looked at her and shook her head.

     "Stanley is not the kind of man a girl marries, Connie.  The
reason  he  screws so great is that he gets a  lot  of  practice.
Marriage isn't going to change that man... I shouldn't be talking
to  you like this. You're liable to get the wrong idea.  Marriage
is supposed to be different, isn't it?"

     Connie  shrugged. She could still picture her aunt  kneeling
in  front of the man as he fucked her mouth. Her underpants  were
soaked from her excitement and she wished her aunt would hurry on
home so she could go to her room and change, and maybe stroke the
burning place between her thighs. But her aunt needed her - what?
Approval?  Forgiveness?  Perhaps, thought Connie as  she  thought
back the conversation they had had at lunch, her aunt was  really
seeking some sort of complicity, an ally or a compatriot.  Connie
swallowed hard and looked at the woman.

     "I  sort of liked watching you," she said quietly.  "It  was
kind of like I was watching what I wanted to do, if you know what
I mean."

     "Connie,  don't say that... besides, I don't know  what  you
saw," her aunt replied.

     "I saw you blow him," Connie said quickly and waited to  see
what she would say. To her relief and surprise, Carlie smiled and
looked back at her.

     "It must run in the family," she said. "We Munson women  are
born cocksuckers, it seems. Yes, Stan has a most wonderful  cock,
Connie.  I'm sure, though, that someday you'll find  one  equally
delightful. Now we have to be going. We'll talk about this again.
Believe me, we will!"

     Connie  had stopped sucking Don's cock, not wanting  him  to
come too quickly and was slowing and torturously licking the line
between  his  balls and his ass as she tickled his  hole  with  a
fingertip. Don had a nice cock, she mused. Just enough more  than
a mouthful to be exciting and so smooth and delicious. She closed
her eyes and let her thoughts wander back to her Aunt Carlie once
more.

     Two  days later, Aunt Carlie told Connie she had a  surprise
for her and later that afternoon, formally introduced her to Stan
and  her surprise - Stan's nephew, Phillip. They were  at  Stan's
apartment overlooking a large park, and Carlie suggested the  two
them take a walk to get better acquainted.

     Connie ran her tongue the length of Don's cock once more and
remembered  the feel of Phillip's cock when she first took it  in
her mouth. It was bigger than George's, almost as big as  Stan's,
she  always thought. She sucked Phillip until he was almost ready
to come and then sat up on the couch and pulled her dress up  for
him  to lick her pussy. As he burrowed into her cunt,  she  could
hear her aunt being fucked in the bedroom. Either by accident  or
design they had left the bedroom door partially ajar, and  Connie
could  see glimpses of flesh as the couple inside moved back  and
forth on the bed.

     She  remembered Phillip's naked body as he stood before  her
and  stripped her dress and bra from her and tossed them  on  the
floor  beside  her panties, and she remembered the  feel  of  his
thick,  sweet  cock as it entered her pussy for the  first  time,
sliding all the way in while her aunt's moans came from the  bed-
room.  She had come almost immediately, and Phillip came  shortly
thereafter,  causing a river of sperm to run down the  inside  of
her thighs.

     She  got  up  and  walked naked to  the  bathroom  and  felt
Phillip's  eyes on her ass as she went. Inside the bathroom,  she
put two fingers to her pussy and tasted the delicious mixture  of
juices still running out of her. Then she peed and wiped herself.
On  her way back to Phillip, she paused beside the  bedroom  door
and  peered inside. Her aunt was kneeling over Stan's chest,  his
face covered by her hairy cunt as she took his cock deep into her
throat and massaged his balls as she sucked him.

     Unconsciously,  she  had  opened the door  wider  to  watch,
stroking her clitoris at the same time. A moment later, Phillip's
hands  captured  her  breasts and she felt the tip  of  his  cock
poking  into  the deep crack between her  buttocks.  Arching  her
back, she reached behind her to guide it lower to where her pussy
still dripped with the excitement of watching her aunt go down on
her lover. Phillip moved behind her and his cock entered her cunt
from behind with such force that she gasped.

     Her  aunt had looked up at her with a panicky, worried  look
on  her  face,  and then had smiled as  their  eyes  met.  Connie
reached  between her legs and held Phillip's balls as he  groaned
in  pleasure  while  he humped against her  ass.  Carlie's  smile
turned  into a pouting "O" as she went back to the erect cock  in
her hands. She proceeded to give Connie her first real lesson  in
cocksucking  then, as she licked her lover's cock and balls,  and
finally  urged streams of white come out of him -  streams  which
she  quickly gobbled up as Connie watched in  amazement.  Phillip
had  long since come, and his juices were again running down  the
inside of her legs.

     Her  aunt  was  milking her lover's  cock  into  her  mouth,
straining  to  capture the last of the succulent white  cream  he
shot. Bits of the fluid seeped at the corner of her mouth as  she
closed  her eyes in obvious ecstasy. Connie watched  the  woman's
throat working as she tried to swallow the length of Stan's cock.
With  Phillip's semi-hard cock pressing her ass, she watched  her
aunt  with  growing excitement and slowly dropped to  her  knees,
turning  to  capture the boy's penis in her hands.  Watching  her
aunt  out  of the corner of her eye, she  sucked  the  still-soft
organ into her mouth and felt it jerk alive on her tongue.

     Carlie  smiled  as she watched her niece going down  on  the
handsome lad. She wiggled her ass as Stan's tongue swirled around
her clitoris, bringing her closer and closer to climax.  Connie's
mother  was  a demure prig of a woman, just the opposite  of  her
hot-blooded  little sister. Carlie recognized herself  in  Connie
and  had vowed to help the girl out from under the moral  tyranny
of  her  mother. It was, after all, an aunt's duty  to  help  her
niece  enter the mysteries of womanhood, she told herself as  she
weighed Stan's balls in her fingers.

     Connie  had held onto Phillip's hips as he fucked her  mouth
and  tried  to counter his movements with her  own,  feeling  the
luscious cock slipping back and forth between her tongue and  the
roof  of her mouth. When he suddenly broke the rhythm  to  thrust
deep into her throat, she gagged and choked, gasping to catch her
breath.  She could hear her aunt snickering softly from  the  bed
and turned crimson with embarrassment. Later, Carlie had told her
how  to avoid choking on an over-exuberant man, but it  would  be
some years before she learned to deep-throat.

     Connie was a cocksucker from a long line of cocksuckers. She
had taken naturally to her calling and with the prompting of  her
lascivious  aunt,  became a mistress to her  oral  desires.   Don
moaned loudly as he shot a stream of white come into the air. She
quickly  brought her thoughts back to business and  captured  the
erupting  column  in her mouth to taste the second spurt  of  hot
cream.  Don's  body convulsed as he pumped his  orgasm  into  her
sucking mouth.

     Connie  stretched  out on the supine body of her  lover  and
shared  a deep kiss with him, barely flicking their  tongues  to-
gether with his hands wandering over her wide ass. At times  like
these, she forgot how she so often envied the narrow-hipped, thin
girls  who  seemed to steal every show and parade  themselves  as
paragons of feminine beauty. Her man loved her for the big,  soft
woman she was - what she was and who she was. Putting her head on
his  shoulder, she closed her eyes and luxuriated in the feel  of
his hands soothing her satiated body.

     Outside  the  window, birds chirped noisily in  the  morning
sun. She would have to take the time to look at them through  the
binoculars  Don had given her, provided she could stop  listening
to the song of his magnificent trouser lark!

--
