"My Husband's Boss, and his Wife" by Craver

     My husband Rick and I have read with interest
the many articles and stories about couples who
engage in group sex.  I must admit the thought of
fucking or sucking another man while Rick is having sex
with the guy's wife is a real turn-on for me, and it is for
Rick, too.  First, I guess I'd better explain why.  We both
love sex, but I'm consumed by it.  I masturbate
frequently, wear the sexiest lingerie I can find, love
showing my body to strangers, and will do anything.  At
least, I've always done anything Rick asks of me, and
I've also initiated a few bizarre activities of my own as
well, some too nasty and perverted to even write
about.
     When Rick came home and told me we were
invited to his boss's vacation home at the lake for a
Saturday swim and cookout, I was impressed.  The look
of anxiety on Rick's face, however, warned me
something else was involved.  When I probed him on it,
Rick finally admitted that his boss was hot for me, and
had mentioned how badly he'd like to fuck me.
     "Is that a problem for you, baby?  If he fucks
me?" I asked.
     "Not if it isn't for you.  You know I've wanted to
see you getting it on with another guy for a long time,
and it sure couldn't hurt my career if you did it with
Hank.  It's just that... well...."
     "Well what?" I asked.  Rick explained that there
would be other men at the party who might want to
fuck me, too, and that the party could turn into an 
all-out orgy before the weekend was over.  He said he'd
heard rumors about Hank's parties, and that some of
the guys at the office said they'd never go back
because of what took place when they attended.
     "Sounds like fun to me," I said, meaning it, my
pussy tingling.  The thought of getting laid by more than
one guy at a time really turned me on, and I prayed
Rick would accept the invitation.
     "Me, too, baby," Rick said, smiling.  "You know
how proud I am of you and that fantastic body of
yours.  I'd love to see you using it with a bunch of guys,
if you'd like it too.  But there's one other thing, too."
     "What?" I asked, still tingling with excitement.
     "I heard both of them go both ways.  Hank and
Betty.  They're bisexual," Rick said nervously.
     "Kinky!" I smiled.  "You know I've always
wondered what sex with another woman would be
like, but what about you?  Think you could suck your
boss's dick, or let him suck you, or even fuck you?" 
     "Fuck, I don't know.  Maybe.  I guess, if I got hot
enough," Hank said sheepishly.  I laughed and called
him a dirty little pervert, and he said he wasn't any
worse than I was.  That night we did some particularly
nasty stuff in bed, and I told Rick I couldn't wait for the
weekend to get here.
     The next day Rick told his boss we'd love to
come, and that Saturday we drove up to Lake Lanier,
a weekend resort area just north of Atlanta.  I wore a
sexy bikini, one so small my 36C tits were practically
falling out of the top.  It was cut high in front, and the
material in back was so skimpy it kept creeping into my
ass crack.
     "You look almost naked," Rick said, oogling me
when he walked behind me toward his boss's front
door.  I said I hoped by the time the weekend was over
I would be naked, and stuffed with lots of nice, hard
cock.  Rick squeezed my ass and told me he could
practically guarantee it, making my cunt dripping wet.
     Hank met us at the door, said "So this is that
beautiful wife of yours,"  and gave me a big, friendly kiss
while I pushed my tits into his bare chest.  He was
wearing a little European bathing suit, a bikini that
outlined his cock and balls so tightly nothing was left to
the imagination.  I wanted that cock, and knew I'd
have it as soon as possible.
     "I must say, Laura, in that suit you look good
enough to eat," Hank said, teasing, looking at my tits.
     "I certainly hope so," I teased back, staring
directly down at Hank's cock, then back up to meet his
gaze again.  "You look pretty edible yourself," I said,
licking my lips, looking down at his dick again, making
no secret of how badly I wanted that cock in my
mouth and pussy.
     "Let's go meet the others," Hank said.  "I hope you
don't mind, but some of our guests are a little, uh,
uninhibited.  Fun, though," he said, leading us out of the
living room, through the home to the back yard.   "Did you 
warn Laura that we sometimes get a little carried away at 
these parties," Hank asked.  Rick said he had, and that 
we both were looking forward to a great time.
     Hank put his arm around my waist, squeezing my
bare flesh as he led me out to the backyard.  Around
the large pool were several couples in various states of
undress.  Hank's wife, Mona, came over and introduced
herself.  She's a stunning redhead, with large, full
breasts, both of which were totally naked.  She had
removed her top, as had the only two other women
there.
     "Sorry darling," Mona said, putting her arms
around me, her tits brushing against mine.  "House rules. 
Everyone topless, men and women.  Do you mind?" she
asked, untying the drawstring at my neck, then my
back, pulling my top off.  "Oh Laura.  These are lovely,"
she said, gently rubbing my nipples, fondling my breasts
softly.
     Rick's cock immediately grew so erect it made a
tent in his bathing trunks, and my nipples were hard as
rocks.  I told Mona she'd better not keep doing that or I
was going to stain my panties.  She smiled and said,
"Wonderful.  I'd like to see that.  But perhaps later. 
Come.  Meet the others," she said, and we walked out
into the sunlight and were introduced.
     The other two women were Hank's secretary,
Molly, and his "executive assistant" Ginger.  Yeah, right. 
I know a bimbo when I see one, and this broad clearly
fit the category.  Very blonde, very stacked, very very
friendly, and very dumb.  
     "Well, now that we're all here, I guess we can
start the games, okay kids?" Hank said.  He's an older
guy, around 55 or so, with handsome greying temples,
and a body that's still in good shape.  The other eight or
nine guys were all younger, from their mid-thirties to
early fifties, a lot older than Rick and I.  Mona is
probably 40 or so, and the other two babes were in
their early thirties.  Hell, I'm only 25, and Rick is 28, so we
were by far the youngest people there.  I wondered
where the other wives were, and Rick said he did, too.  
     "Laura, since you're clearly the youngest person
here, you can go first.  We like to play a game called
'Dare.'  We all draw a number, and take turns, in order,
just like at the meat market.  You can start.  You dare
anyone you want to do anything you want.  If they
refuse, they drop to the end of the queue in the game. 
If they do as you ask, they retain their position, and the
next person up takes his or her turn.  Sound like fun?"
     I said it did, but asked if there were any limitations
on what I could ask for.  Hank grinned and said,
"Absolutely not.  Ask for anything you want, and with a
body like that, you'll probably get it."
     I smiled at Rick, then walked around all the men,
appraising them slowly, staring at their cocks, softly
touching some of them on their stomach or chest. 
Finally I returned to Hank.  I looked at Rick for a
moment, then back at Hank again.
     "I'd like you to take your suit off and fuck me
while your wife sits on my face," I said brazenly.
     "Oh, I like this girl," Hank said, quickly stripping off
his trunks.  He had a very large cock, and I reached out
to touch it as Mona came up beside me and removed
my bikini bottom, then her own.  With all of us naked,
they led me over to a chaise lounge chair, and lay me
down on it.  My pussy was so wet cunt juice was running
down my thighs.  Immediately Mona climbed over me
and sat on my face, her naked cunt pressed against
my lips.  Her pussy smelled strong, and when I started
eating her, I realized why.  She had recently been
fucked, and the cum in her pussy was dripping into my
mouth.  I loved it.
     "Oh what a beautiful cunt," Hank said, sliding his
cock inside me, fucking me with long, hard thrusts.  I
came immediately, crying out, screaming with
pleasure, my decadent behavior sending jolts of
electricity through my churning, spastic body.  Hank
continued to fuck me, fast, not holding back anything,
and in seconds he was erupting inside my cunt.  Mona,
seated on me facing him told me how good my
tongue felt inside her pussy as her husband's cum
continued spurting inside me.
     It was all over too quickly, and when Hank
withdrew and Mona climbed off me, I wanted more.  I
got it.
     Phil, the next in line, said he dared me to let him
fuck me, and I told him to go right ahead.  He did,
climbing on top of me, easily sliding his erect cock
inside my cum-drenched pussy.  We fucked for several
minutes, his hard cock driving into my grateful pussy in
a steady, persistent pace.  All around me the others
were naked now and masturbating.  I spasmed again
when I saw Rick being sucked by Ginger, the blonde
bimbo.  Suddenly I wanted him to see him come on her
face, and I shouted at him to do it.  He looked at me
and grinned, then withdrew his cock from her pumping
mouth just as it began to explode, sending showers of
cum all over her face and hair.
     "Oh you bastard," she shrieked with glee,
laughing and wiping the cum all over her face as Rick
coated it with his jism.  "You!" she said, turning toward
me as I lay there getting fucked.  "You told him to do
this, so you can just lick it off me now," she said,
crawling over next to me, kissing me.  I licked her face
in between kisses, and we swapped Rick's cum, spitting
it back and forth between our mouths, chewing it,
swallowing it.
     "I want more," I groaned, holding Ginger's face
next to mine so she couldn't get away.  A couple of the
guys came over and pointed their cocks at us, jerking
on them quickly until they began spurting their hot,
sticky cream all over us.  We lapped it up like starved
little kittens, and I loved it.
     After that, we didn't play the game anymore.  I
lay on the chaise all afternoon, letting anyone who
wanted me to fuck me or shoot cum all over my face
and body.  As the sun started going down, Rick came
over, kissed me, and told me how hot I looked.
     "Eat me," I said.  "It would make me so hot to feel
you eating their cum out of my pussy, baby.  Do it for
me.  Okay?" I begged.
     Rick looked at me with a crazed, nasty look in his
face, and began slowly kissing his way down to my
pussy.  I watched as he licked cum off my tits and
stomach, shivering with excitement.  When he got to
my pussy, he positioned himself between my legs and
buried his face in my cum-soaked pussy, his lips glued
to my wet, mushy opening while he sucked and licked
the dripping cum from my well-fucked cunt.
     "Ohhhh yes!" I screamed.  Hank came up and
dropped to the ground behind Rick.  I watched,
shaking, as he bent his head to Rick's ass, parted Rick's
ass cheeks, then bent forward and began licking my
husband's anus.  Rick jerked, looked back over his
shoulder to see who was eating him, and when he saw
it was Hank, he growled, a howling, animalistic cry of
excitement, then buried his face back in my cunt
again.
     "Fuck him, Hank," I gurgled, on fire, feeling my tits
being fondled.  Men were pinching my nipples, and
someone was coming on my face again.  I didn't even
bother to look up to see who it was.  I wanted to watch
my husband get fucked, and when Hank positioned his
cock at the entrance to Rick's asshole, I again shouted
for him to fuck Rick.
     I felt Rick lunge forward into my cunt as Hank's
cock slid inside my husband's ass.  Rick looked up at
me, a wild, crazy look of pain mixed with pleasure in his
glazed eyes.  I smiled at him, and he smiled back, then
buried his face in my pussy again, eating me, trying to
time my orgasm with Hank's.  When Hank started
coming in Rick's ass, Rick sucked my clit rapidly, and I
lost it, coming and crying and screaming and gasping
with the most intense orgasm I or anyone else could
possibly have ever experienced.  
     We spent the weekend with Hank and his wife. 
Most of the other guests went home Saturday night, but
since we don't have kids, we stayed and fucked with
them all night, and all day Sunday.  Hank had Mona do
something for us that was so gross and perverted it
made me hotter than I've ever been in my life, so hot I
had to try it, too, and I did.  It was the ultimate taboo,
and oh my was it sizzling.  Let's just say Rick and I have
now suddenly discovered the need for having a nice,
big guard dog around the house for protection, or
whatever.
     Since that weekend we've been back a few
times, Rick has been promoted twice, and life couldn't
be better.  Funny how things turn out sometimes, isn't it. 
I guess it really does pay to "do unto others what you
would have them do unto you...."
