THE BREAST OF EVERYTHING (more adventures of Sissy Dani and friends)

        "He's obsessed with boobs," complained Maria, a new recruit to 
Mistress Jennifer's cadre of dominant feminizers of hapless men. "My husband 
Bob just stares at any woman with a full figure--the fuller the better."
        It was easy to see why this disturbed her. Maria, though extremely 
attractive, was a petite, small-boned woman who was far from buxom. I was 
privy to this conversation, along with Teasing Tammy, because Jennifer, 
Maria, and Tammy's sister and dominatrix, Susan, intended to use us to bring 
the unsuspecting Bob into a trap--a trap that would deprive him of his 
manliness forever, it seemed.
        Tammy, though only 16, had been designed by Susan and Jennifer as 
the ultimate cock-tease, with full 35 C breasts. Although my own alternate 
persona, Sissy Dani, was generally less generously endowed, for this 
adventure I was also padded out to Playmate-like dimensions.
        We were sent out to meet Bob at one of his favorite hangouts, a bar 
that specialized in attracting men who "appreciated" bosomy types. I was 
dressed for "bear"--a skin-tight white satin cocktail dress that played up 
my bogus breasts with a very short skirt, five-inch white satin heels, and 
dramtic make-up. Tammy had also been dressed to look older: She wore a black 
leather outfit, also extremely tight and short, with six-inch heels and 
equally dramatic make-up.
        Our instructions (enforced by the post-hypnotic suggestions that 
created our submissive personalities) were to approach Bob, get him to buy 
us drinks, and then get him back to Jennifer's house for his own 
transformation.
        Within minutes after we arrived, I spotted Bob at the bar.  "Well, 
hello there," I cooed as I approached him, playing up my charms as much as I 
could.
        "Hello yourself, little lady," Bob replied, smiling. He looked me up 
and down, pausing noticeably (as expected) at my bust line. "And who's this 
little heartbreaker?" he asked, as Tammy sidled up to his other side.
        "That's my sister, Tammy," I replied. "I'm Dani."
        He put his arms around our waists, in the process letting his hands 
graze our "boobs." I suggested he buy us a round of drinks. He made the 
order, and I told him and Tammy to find a quiet table and I would bring the 
drinks when they were ready. Bob readily agreed, seeing a chance, I suppose, 
to make a little time with the enticing Tammy while alone.
        A short time later, the drinks were placed on the bar. I carefully 
blocked Bob's view while I doctored his martini with the colorless, odorless 
potion Jennifer and her friends frequently used to render their potential 
she-slaves helpless. The drug--a combination sedative and mind-control 
potion--had been developed by one of Jennifer and Susan's dominant friends.
        I wiggled my way over to the table, setting down the drinks, urging 
Bob to try his, "to make sure the bartender got it right, sweetheart," I told 
him. He took a big gulp, pronounced it great, then suddenly a blank look came 
over him.
        "Wow, that stuff works quickly, doesn't it?" Tammy remarked.
        "It certainly does," I answered. "Now, quiet, I have to give him the 
preliminary instructions that will get him into our Mistresses' clutches."
        I turned to Bob. "Can you hear me, Bob?"
        "Yes," he replied in a monotone.
        "Good. In a few moments, you will awaken, feeling quite refreshed. 
When you do so, you will follow these instructions exactly. You will agree to 
my suggestion that I invite us back to my place. Once there I will turn you 
over to your 'trainers.' The phrase 'Sleep, Bob," will return you to this 
hypnotic state. Is this all clear?"
        "Yes," he replied again."
        "Excellent. Wake up," I commanded.
        Bob instantly came out of the spell and soon joined Tammy and me on 
our way to Jennifer's. I rang the doorbell and Jennifer answered the door, 
with Bob's wife, Maria, at her side. Before Bob could completely take in the 
consequences of what was going on, Maria said, "Sleep, Bob," and he was once 
again entranced.
        The mesmerized Bob was led inside to the room that had become 
Jennifer's "transformation suite." There he was made to lie upon a 
comfortable bed, headphones were placed on his ears, and Jennifer began a new 
technique for transforming a male's psyche to the one she desired--sleep 
learning.
        "While he sleeps there overnight," she told Maria, "the tapes will 
impress upon him his new persona--'Busty Barbie.' Just like Sissy Dani and 
Teasing Tammy, she will be completely submissive to all true women--and 
especially to you--and she will have her own special twist: an innate desire 
to be as buxom as possible, the bigger the better. In addition, she will be 
compelled to display those 'charms' to their best advantage at all times.
        "But inwardly," Jennifer continued, "Bob will be completely conscious 
of what is happening to him. If you request, he will explain his humiliation 
to you for your enjoyment. He can be brought in and out of his transformed 
personality by the following method--the phrase 'Touch your boobs, Busty 
Barbie' will activate the submissive mode; a simple snap of your fingers will 
bring back Bob, who will be completely aware of everything that has happened 
to him as Barbie. In addition, in either mode, the phrase 'Sleep, Bob' or 
"Sleep, Barbie' will permit new post-hypnotic instructions to be given.
        "Does that satisfy your desire for revenge?"
        "Completely," Maria replied. "I can't wait for morning!"
        When morning came, Bob was awakened by a subliminal command on the 
tapes, fully aware of his new self as Busty Barbie. Maria and Jennifer were 
waiting for him.
        "Barbie," Maria told him. "We have an appointment for you at the 
beauty parlor. Put on the clothes we've laid out for you and we'll leave 
shortly."
        The now-totally submissive man began to dress, with Maria's aid, in a 
completely bisexual outfit: white satin panties, garter belt and stockings 
beneath; topped by a white satin man-tailored blouse and raw silk pleated 
women's slacks; the shoes were patent-leather low-heeled pumps. Next Maria 
made up his face lightly: Pale pink blush and lipstick, light blue eyeshadow 
and the merest hint of mascara. She then teased his hair into a slightly 
femme style. When completed, any observer would have been hard-pressed to 
determine Bob/Barbie's gender.
        Thirty minutes later, they arrived at the beauty shop run by 
Jennifer's friend Margaret, the dominant woman who had aided in my own 
transformation to Sissy Dani. There, "Barbie" was stripped to her panties and 
strapped into the chair Margaret used for her "special" customers. Once sure 
that the half-feminized male couldn't escape, Maria leaned over and snapped 
her fingers in his face.
        Instantly, Bob's own persona reasserted itself. He was indignant. 
"What's going on, Maria? Why am I strapped to this chair in this BEAUTY 
PARLOR?" He said the last two words with evident loathing.
        "What's happening, 'Barbie,' darling, is that you are about to be 
transformed into the kind of woman you most desire--a big-breasted, 
submissive bimbo. The only difference is that you will be submissive only to 
me and other women," Maria explained "I fully expect that when you see 
yourself--as long as I allow you to be Bob and not Barbie--you'll come right 
in your panties. In fact, I may order you to do just that."
        Though he was absolutely livid, Bob realized that he could not fight 
back in this environment. He settled back and said to Margaret, "Do your 
worst."
        Within an hour, Bob was further transformed into Barbie. His dark 
hair had been lengthened by the addition of a fall that came to below his 
shoulders, with attractive curls framing his face. That face no longer looked 
male in the slightest: His eyes had been accented with long false eyelashes, 
and deep green shadow, topped by plucked and arched eyebrows. His cheeks were 
graced by a rose blush and his lips looked full and kissable in their coat of 
glistening red. His nails had been lengthened and painted the same red color.
        Now came the treatment that would give Busty Barbie the figure worthy 
of her name. Margaret approached him with a wicked-looking syringe.
        "What's that?" he cringed.
        "This is a special fast-acting breast enlarger, developed by the same 
sympathetic doctor who came up with the hypnotic drug that allowed Maria to 
enslave you so effectively last night," the dominant beautician told him, 
smiling. "Once I've injected you, your breasts will begin to grow as they 
attract the excess fluid in your body. I'm told a single injection will give 
you at least a 34 C bustline." She pushed the needle into each side of his 
body, just below the armpit.
        "And not only that," Maria interjected. "The result of seeing 
yourself with a real bosom will interact with your programming to make you 
want even bigger boobs. In time, you'll look--and want to look--like a 
brunette Dolly Parton."
        Bob could tell it was true. Even in the short time they had been 
speaking he could see the swelling begin in his chest. He knew it would be 
less than an hour before he had the huge boobs the two women had described.
        As that thought sunk in, Jennifer returned, arms laden with clothes 
for the "new woman." Deciding caution was in order before releasing Bob from 
his bonds, Maria spoke the code words, "Touch your boobs, Busty Barbie."
        Seeing that the spell had worked, the women unstrapped Barbie from 
her chair and began her final transformation. Now that her breasts had grown 
to their full first-injection size, Margaret powdered them and painted the 
nipples with the same red lipstick she'd used on Barbie's face.
        Now came the clothes: The white satin panties, garter belt and 
stockings were replaced. Over them, a very sheer white blouse, permitting the 
red nipples to show through provocatively, along with a tight, knee-length 
white skirt and white patent-leather heels. A collar, much like my own as 
Sissy Dani, as locked around her neck, as were similar ankle bracelets.
        Maria turned to face the transformed Bob. "Sleep, Barbie," she 
ordered. "In a moment, you will see yourself for the first time as Busty 
Barbie. I want you to pose so as to show off your boobs as much as possible. 
When I am satisfied as to your ability to display yourself, I will bring back 
your male personality. As soon as Bob sees 'Barbie,' you are to come in your 
panties. Now, awake."
        Maria spun Barbie to face the mirror. Immediately, the she-male began 
to run through the most provocative of poses, always with the goal of letting 
her breasts lead the way. After a short while, Maria snapped her fingers.
        Bob was aghast as he at last saw the bizarre creature they had made 
of him. At the same time, he could not help being turned on by the image in 
the mirror--in many ways, this was the woman of his dreams: busty and 
unashamed of it. He couldn't helpl it: his cock grew large and thick, heavy 
with the sexual thoughts within him. He struggled against it but could not 
stop. As Maria had ordered, the image of Busty Barbie--his own transformed 
image--made him come in his satin panties.
