Warning:  The following file contains adult material.
If you are offended by such material, or if you are
underage, or if it is illegal for to have such material
discontinue file access immediately.  The events
and characters depicted in this material are fiction.
Any parallels to people living or dead is purely
coincidental.

Lust With Young Brenda  Chapter 1 - Lust In The Barn

By
Jonboy

Prologue

     I live on a farm in central Ohio with my family. Like every other teenage
boy, I needed a job for some spending money. Jobs were scarce, but our
neighbors, the Hinds, offered to let me clean their barn. The old white barn
was huge. It had been used sporadically over the years. It had been several
years since they'd had any livestock. Now they only kept hay in the loft.

  For several weeks I labored in the musty stalls, pitchforking many
wheelbarrowsful of manure and straw from the compacted floor. I'd begun
to notice girls more recently. I'd had some interesting times with some of
my young friends. Maybe someday I'll tell you about them too.

  I suppose most people would call me handsome for a boy of thirteen. The
summer sun had bleached my hair almost blond. My gray-green eyes each
have one dark brown speck. Some folks say its a sign of my inquisitive, yet
dangerous nature. I'm good natured. The hard work was beginning to develop
my pubescent body. My chest was beginning to develop, and my legs were
definitely my best feature with my thickening thighs from riding my bike.
Brenda was Mr. Hind's granddaughter. Her family lived in the main house
while grandpa stayed in an old green mobile home, behind the main house.
Brenda is a pretty eight year old girl. Her body is only slightly developed. Her
straight, light brown hair hung to her chin. Her bangs are always cut perfectly
in the middle of her high forehead. She is about four feet tall. One thing I did
notice about Brenda was her nice tan. Her long tanned legs are accented by
her tendency to wear very short skirts, bikini pants and a swim top consisting
of two small triangles of faded orange knit held up with strings. I guess I got
along OK with Brenda. I never paid much attention to her. I was still very naive
about sex and such.  Brenda changed all that. Brenda would come out to
watch me work several times each day. She'd ask all sorts of questions. I
began to notice she had a strange look in her green eyes whenever I'd stop
to wipe the sweat from my face or chest. Since there was little breeze in the
old barn, I'd usually work in my shorts and tennis shoes. The dust would
collect on my sweaty body. Looking back, I'd say my sweat and the dusty,
grimy horse manure is what started the whole thing.

     Brenda sat on the rail of the stall fence, watching as I filled the
umpteenth load of horse manure. It was hot out and I was really sweating. My
shorts kept sliding down my narrow waste, exposing the tops of my pale
buttocks. There were flecks of straw stuck on my moist skin. I pulled off the
leather gloves, and wiped my forehead and chin with my handkerchief. My hands
smelled like the horsehide gloves.

  "God, Jonny, you're sure sweattin' today!" Brenda exclaimed, with a slight
smile on her angelic face. She reached over and brushed some straw and dirt
from my chest and shoulders. This was the first time Brenda had ever touched
me. I felt the muscles in my hot groin jump at her unexpected touch. She put
her moist fingers to her face as I watched. She smelled them and licked the
salty mixture. "You almost smell like my horses, Star and Windy."

     Suddenly, my cock began to harden at the lewd display. Brenda's tongue
flicked across her dripping fingers until my sweat was all gone. She stretched
out to repeat the process.

     I stood relaxing as the little minx continued to wipe my chest, back and
shoulders. Her little fingers grazed my nipples. They became hard. "Yeah,
Brenda, it sure is hot." I leaned down to scratch an itch on my inner thigh,
adjusting my stiff cock in my damp underwear. While I bent over, Brenda's hand
slid down my back and rubbed my exposed hips, lingering at my ass crack. My
brain was on fire from these new feelings.

     When I stood up, I moved closer to the little girl. I rested my arm on the
rail by her butt. My hand cupped her bottom, as if to steady myself. Brenda
wiggled her cute ass and smiled. My fingers lightly grazed her pink cotton
panties under her short skirt. Brenda rested her arm around shoulders. Usually
I'd raise hell about being so close with it being so hot, but I was starting to
like what she was doing.

     The precocious girl spread her legs - supposedly for a better balance. I
could see her panty covered crotch. At my age and experience, you didn't waste
such rare occasions. I slid closer. My hand moving to cup her other cheek as my
arm supported her butt. My moist chest touched her firm leg. Brenda rubbed her
leg lightly over my nipple.

     "Brenda, where's your Mom and Dad today?" I asked.

     "They've gone into town shopping. They won't be back 'til late afternoon."

     "Who's watching you?"

     "Nobody, silly! I'm not a little girl anymore. They let me take care of
myself." She pouted. Her caresses stopped.

     "Yeah, I can tell. I think you are really grown up too! You are beginning
to fill out, aren't you?" I tried to cover up my goof quickly. I touched her
chest above her bikini top. Brenda arched her back slightly, trying to
emphasize her budding breasts.

     Brenda smiled and relaxed. Her hand cupped her almost flat tit. "My
nipples are bigger than yours, Jonny." She said proudly. Her eyes smiling
wickedly.

     Two could play at this game. "No way!" I challenged, "Prove it!"

     Without hesitation, Brenda pulled off the tiny cloth covering her newly
forming tits. "See?" She said proudly. She flicked her nipples. They were much
larger than mine. As I watched in amazement, the little minx pulled and pinched
the sensitive buds until they grew even larger. "I love to play with them. I do
it all the time. When I pull them like this, my cunny gets a funny feeling in
it." She leaned forward until my face was mere inches from her throbbing
nipples. She closed her eyes with pleasure.

     My cock felt like an iron bar in my sweaty pants. A small spot was forming
in my crotch below the wetness of my perspiration. I leaned forward and my
cheek grazed her nipple. I turned my head. My lips brushed the engorged bud.

     "Oooh!" She cooed. "I always wanted someone to kiss my titties. I can't
reach them. I like to lick my fingers and rub the spit into them. Wanna see?"
Not waiting for my response the pre-teen took a glob of spit from her mouth and
rubbed it into her other nipple. "Ummmm. That's nice but you felt better. Do it
again, Jonny, please!"

     I moved between her spread knees. I licked my lips. My tongue almost
touched her nip. I pulled back, and tried to put a serious look on my lust
crazed face. "Brenda, we can't. If we're caught, we'll be in big trouble!"

     She begged me promising never to tell. She added, "If you'll play with me,
I'll show you something neat."

     "What?" I asked, wondering what this little slut had in mind now.

     "I'll show you how milk comes out of a tit!" "You don't have any milk in
those little tits, kid." I objected. But my cock lurched again at the thought.
I have always been attracted to breasts. No matter what size. I appreciate them
all.

     "Not mine, stupid, Windy's!" She stated emphatically indicating the mare
that was standing in the paddock outside the barn.

     I agreed by kissing her thrust-out nipple with a kiss. I kept my lips
closed. I kissed one and then the other. The little girl arched her back and
twisted her trunk to help me reach her pulsating tit points.

     I naturally opened my mouth and licked them lightly, not sure of her
response. She squealed softly and pressed my face hard to her tit. I sucked the
swelling knob into my mouth. I suckled it as I had seen my baby brother do with
my mom at home. Brenda quivered with excitement. Her thighs squeezed me. My
nostrils flared with the sweet smell of her little girl smell and my own sweaty
spore.

     I rubbed her ass cheeks through her panties. Brenda was so enraptured by
my oral ministrations to her baby breasts that she didn't care what I did. I
pushed up the wasteband of her mini skirt, and pulled down her cotton panties
until her butt was exposed. My hands roamed over her sweet flesh.

     Brenda tossed her hair and rolled her head in lust and pleasure. I may not
have had much experience, but I've always been a fast learner. I tugged on her
drawers. She automatically raised her hips, allowing them to drop below her
knees. I moved back in. My chest rubbing between her soft thighs. My mouth
never stopped licking and sucking those marvelous points of girl flesh.

     Brenda moaned and groaned softly as I licked the entire surface of her
budding tit-mounds. She hunched her pelvis forward trying to rub her little
slit on my body. I could smell the slight scent of her pee as her pussy heated
with immature desire.

     I moved my fingers to replace my mouth on her titties. She leaned back.
Her pussy thrust past the bottom of her short skirt. "Do you like my pussy,
Jonny?" She asked as her fingers slowly played in her bare slit. She was just
old enough to get a hint of sexual moisture on her delicate vagina.

     Her pussy was perfect. Not a hint of hair. The pouty mons and lips of an
immature female. Her little finger slid down from the top of her slit bulging
the lips even more. I leaned down to get a good look. I could see the creases
and folds of her developing vagina. It smelled good. My cheek brushed her inner
thighs. She had flipped her skirt up over its wasteband, and tucked it back in
out of the way.

     "Sometimes it gets red 'cause I rub it so much." She stated as she stared
enrapt at her own sexuality. Her finger began a little dance in her hole. It
disappeared to the first knuckle, but no further. Her finger was getting wet.

     "How come you rub it so much, Brenda?" I asked dumbly.

     "Cause it feels so goood!" She gushed as her tiny body shivered in
delight. "Would you like to play with my little pussy, Jonny?" Her question
framed by her sweet smile. She looked at me over her pussy.

     Without speaking I put a finger on either side of the little slit between
the young vixen's spread legs. I spread my fingers slowly. Her puffy pink pussy
lips began to part. The inside of Brenda's pussy was coral pink. The delicate
lips opened very slowly, like a butterfly freeing itself from its cocoon. A few
slender threads of her sex slime clung to those delightful ridges of soft girl
flesh. Like fine spider silk, they continued to stretch as I viewed the inner
secrets of the little girl's womb. Brenda moaned.

     The lips of the child's pussy parted slowly, starting from the dark tan
pucker of her anus, exposing the dark channel to her womb, and finally yielding
the pearl of her girlhood - the throbbing knob of flesh and nerves that was her
clitoris. Those glistening threads of Brenda's vaginal syrup parted, forming a
moist crown of dewdrops along her valley of pleasure. Her asshole winked as the
throat of her cunt squeezed with her attempt to stimulate herself from the
inside. Her clit bump throbbed before my lust filled gaze.

     I caressed her soft pussy in awe. I had never even seen a pussy this
close. She put her legs on my shoulders. My face was only inches from her
crotch. It felt warm. My nostrils flared like a stallion sniffing a mare in
heat. The picture was not lost on the horny little slut.

     "Oh! You look like Star whenever Windy's in heat, Jonny. God, you're sexy.
I love to watch Star fuck Windy. Star's

     got a big cock, too. Do you have a big cock? Can I see? I can show you
Star's big penis if you'll show me yours."

     My mind was ablaze with the lusty talk of this pre-teen slut. Now I knew
she had been comparing me to her horses. I remembered her lingering around
those animals an awful lot since I had been working on her grandpa's farm. Now
I realized she had been playing with the horse's sexual organs. Brenda didn't
just like horses - she loved them, literally! I decided to see just how far
this little sex goddess would go.

     "I'll show you my cock, Brenda. But you've got to realize a horse is a lot
bigger than a man or boy. I can only show it to you if you play with it, like I
am playing with your pussy. And yes, I would love you to show me how you know
so much about your fine horses, but first I'd like to kiss your pretty pussy
like I did your tits, if you want."

     Brenda smiled with pride, nodding her head eagerly at my lewd suggestions.
"Oh yes! I'd love for you to kiss my pussy. I've watched my dad kiss my mom's
pussy at night when I'm supposed to be in bed. I've seen a lot of other stuff
too. Maybe we can try that later. Windy always seems to like it when Star's
long, pink tongue slides into her horse cunt.

     As Brenda responded my lips sought out her pussy. My first taste of a
female's sex had me hooked. At first it was slightly sour from her sweat and
pee. But then it was sweet from her newly developing sexual fluids. I wasn't
sure what to lick first. I worked on the whole area. Cleaning her young gash
with my tongue.

     I know the smell of horse on my body turned her on. She ground her pussy
against my face as my tongue and lips found her slit and the sensitive little
bud at it's apex. I had no idea what a clit was, but I could tell from her
delightful wiggling that I must be doing something right. Her ass humped off
the rail. She began to slip off the rail as she experienced her first orgasm. I
picked her small body up in my strong arms. Her legs on either side of my head.
Her cunt mashed against my mouth. My nose buried in her mons. My tongue wiggled
in her tiny cunt hole.

     I continued to burrow my tongue into her pussy as I strained to hold the
youngster on my shoulders. She held onto my hair and head. Her long legs
stretched and jerked with her spasming pussy making her impossible to hold. I
strained to keep us from falling in the manure pile, staggering out of the
stall. My straining muscles and bulging cock popped the weak snap on the top of
my shorts. They started to slide down my slippery hips.

     From here things really started to get hazy. Brenda's first orgasm took
over her body. Although I was loath to abandon the sweet morsel of her pussy, I
felt it best if I was going to avoid a broken neck. Images of me laying in a
pile of shit, with my pants down around my ankles, some major appendage broken,
and the naked form of Brenda on top of me filled my mind with terror. As soon
as my lips left the pearl of her blossoming womanhood, Brenda screamed as if I
had shot her.

     Her tiny hands grabbed my hair painfully. She jerked my face into her
seething twat with incredible strength. Unfortunately, my straining body and
long hours of labor served to drain me of enough power to fight the wild child.
Her hands were jerking my nose and mouth repeatedly against her crotch. Her
flailing body made hitting her pleasure spots effectively impossible, but as I
tried to say something to her my tongue brushed her puckered anus. This sent
the virginal vixen on another flight of delirium as her multiple orgasms
continued.

     I was lost. Trying to blindly avoid the horse shit on the floor, I backed
our teetering forms toward what I hoped was the stall gate. I couldn't see.
Brenda's firm young thighs forked around mu head. As my pants slid down my damp
thighs, my bulging uncut cock flopped free - slapping my firm belly. My calves
banged against a bale of straw spelling doom for my failing balance.

     As we fell, the thrill of falling fired another orgasm in Brenda's
overheated cunny. Fortunately, the splendor of the moment made her loose
control of her arms and gripping hands. I pushed her away from my sex slick
face. Trying to keep the little girl from being hurt. She fell with her ankles
up by her ears. Plunging the few feet to the floor, her crotch landed squarely
on my iron-hard penis.

     Fate stepped in (sorry for the clich). My pre-cum had liberally
lubricated my fine cockhead. The natural lubricant of my cock and her pussy,
plus our combined sweat and my spit made our crotches slick. Her virginal hole
landed perfectly - if not somewhat painfully-on my throbbing member.

     My uncircumcised cockhead performed exactly as mother nature intended.
Like a fashion model who rolls expensive nylons up her perfectly sculpted legs,
my shaft slid easily through the protective sheath of my foreskin and forged
between Brenda's swollen lust fire vagina lips, deep into her girl sex.

     Our fall made this initial penetration of the sexy young virgin's cunt a
surprise. It also served to mask most of the discomfort of her deflowering. One
second Brenda was a nearly naked virgin in the throws of her first orgasms, and
the next she was filled with the modest cock of a thirteen year boy. Fully half
of my cock was lodged in her pussy. The unsheathed head bulged against her
cervix.

     As my ass came in contact with the soft bed of straw outside the stall, we
bounced. Brenda's eyes flew open with the realization of her fantasy. My mouth
dropped open too. Her lighter form hovered above me briefly as I returned from
the bounce. Her cunt lips gripped the head of my madly flexing cock. We almost
came unjoined. Then she fell atop my prostrate form. I believe she actually
tried to use her body to impale her little pussy on my pulsating penis. When
she finally came to rest upon my supine body, her hairless vagina lips were
scrunching my testicles. The little nymph had swallowed my hole cock in her
womb.

     She grunted as she continued to thrust herself up and down on my dick. I
reached up and pulled her bulging nipples with my fingers. I could feel the
muscles in her vagina squeeze my throbbing member with each new orgasm.
Finally, her premature pussy clamped down mercilessly on my cock at the same
time she lifted herself with her legs. Her clutching cunt felt like it was
going to pull the head of my spasming cock off!

     I could feel the seed in my young balls erupt through the throat of my
dick. I quit tugging one of her bloated nipples and slid my hand down her side,
across her hip and wiggled my finger into her sweaty poop shoot. Brenda barked
once a fell unconscious, still impaled upon my spewing sex worm. I grabbed her
ass cheeks and pumped her limp body on my rod a few more times until my orgasm
subsided. I held her sleeping form on my chest, caressing her back and ass for
a few minutes, while we recovered.

     I had cum before. Of course these were always the masturbatory, fantasy
fired orgasms of a young person which are but shadows of the real thing. This
was mind blowing. I had not prepared myself like a normal, horny lad on his
first date. The spontaneity of these events left me in brain lock. I began to
worry about being caught. What would happen if Brenda told her parents? My dad
would cut my balls off!

     Brenda came to. She smiled at me lazily stretching. My cock was still
wedged in her tight cuntal passage. "That was even better than I planned,
Jonny!" She squirmed up to a sitting position. My rock hard dick thrust deeper
into her abused pussy. "Uuuummmmm!" She moaned. "We'd better get dressed before
my parents get back."

     She knelt forward kissing my lips. My cock flopped out of her newly
ravaged twat, splattering our juices (mostly mine) across my hard belly. She
looked down at the lewd sight of my shriveling penis. Her hand scooped up some
of my cum. She smelled it first, wanting to learn and remember every detail of
this historic event. Then she licked the scum filled hand clean. My cock rolled
on my belly. My balls tightened at the lewd actions of the pre-pubescent girl.
My dick began to revive.

     Brenda watched my penis growth with a look of pure lust on her sweet face.
Her tiny hand slid down my sweat slick torso until she closed her stubby, child
fingers around my throbbing shaft. She turned sideways to my supine body,
crouching by my groin. Her face lowered to a few inches of my pulsating rod as
she jacked it up and down. She watched the slimy pink head peak out from my
foreskin. I flexed my hips to get her to rub the sensitive glans with more
pressure.

     The tiny girl's nostrils flared as she inhaled the pungent odor of my
crotch and the sweaty, horse smell that clung to my skin. She switched hands.
Taking my cock in her timy right hand she carressed my balls and ass with her
left. Her mouth hung open - tongue resting lightly on her pouty lip. The little
girl's concentration was focused completely on my sex.

     I reached down between her soft thighs and slid a finger into her freshly
fucked hole. I could feel her cunt muscles grip the tip of my finger. The ball
of my thumb rubbed her tiny clit lightly. Soon I pressed my middle finger
against her sweaty ass hole.

     Brenda began to tremble with lust again. "Jesus! What a slut!" I thought
to myself. "God, Brenda, you're too sexy!" I said in contrast.

     Brenda's head began to bob up a down in time with her hand strokes. When
my cock head protruded from its sheath, her mouth and nose were almost touching
the tip. As my fingers invaded her willing body, she mashed my penis against
her nose. Her nostrils flared. Her pink tongue flicked out and touched my cock.
My other hand naturally went to the back of her head and gently pressed her
mouth down over my bloated penis.

     I had read about blowjobs in sex magazines. I had seen pictures of whores
licking a man's dick. I had fantasized about some slut sucking my cock, but I
would have never expected it to happen to me.

     Brenda never hesitated. At the time, I didn't fully appreciate the fact
that she had no problem sucking my dick. She cleaned all of new pre-cum from
the tip, licked my balls and started down my ass crack toward my anus. I spread
my legs. Her ass tipped higher as her head descended into my crotch. My two
fingers were deep in both her tiny holes. No longer able to guide her head with
my free hand, I tweaked her oversized nipples as best I could. I could feel the
strain of a new orgasm building in my nuts. My chest muscles constricted as her
soft tongue lightly flicked my funky ass pucker.

     I struggled to tell the tiny girl of my impending cum. My hips were
jerking.

     Brenda sat back quickly, and took the head of my cock in her sucking
mouth. Her tight lips forced my foreskin over the glans. I jerked and my cock
hit the back of her throat. She twisted her head and it went on down into her
swallowing gullet. That did it! I shot a huge load into her throat. She pulled
my scum blasting rod out of her tight throat and took the rest of my load in
her mouth.

     I could feel Brenda's baby girl bottom and pussy clamping on my wet
fingers as she had her final orgasm. She let my softening cock slide from her
bruised lips slowly. A string of my cum welled up from the tip and hung on her
lip. She licked it off lovingly. Then she stood up smiling. With a finger in
her mouth she looked like a little kid that just got caught with her hand in
the cookie jar. We both laughed.

     "Whew girl! That was something! Wait a minute! What do you mean, 'YOUR
PLAN,' young lady?" I asked as I stood, retrieving my shorts from my ankles.
Its hard to be serious with your ass hanging out. I wiped the remainder of our
love juices off the tip of my cock with my hanky.

     Brenda watched this action avidly. When I finished, she inquired "May I?"
while holding out her small hand. I dumbly placed the scummy, sweaty cloth in
her fist. She lifted her mini skirt, once again exposing her precious pussy to
my leering eyes. She took my hanky and wiped our cum from her bald pussy. The
she handed it back, after passing it under my nose.

     As she pulled up her panties and retied her top she explained, "Jonnie, I
decided over a week ago I wanted you to be my first fuck. You always treated my
nice. Not like a little kid. I think you're cute, and I liked your cock.
Watching mom and dad and my horses fuck made me horny. I just knew it had to
better than my little fingers in my pussy. Man! Was I right!"

     "You little scamp! I don't mind being your first, in fact you're my first
too, Brenda. I would have liked to had a little more warning, but I guessed it
worked out great. Didn't it?"

     "It sure did. But I didn't plan to fuck you this time. It was an
accident."

     "Let's just hope our parents don't find out! Hey, what do you mean you
'liked' my cock. When have you ever seen my dick young lady?"

     "I've hid in the haymow and watched you pee. I thought it was sexy when
you played with your dick. Once I saw you hard, I knew I had to have you."

     I realized then I'd have to be damn careful around this little bitch. She
was just too damn resourceful and smart to take for granted.

     She smiled as if reading my mind. "That's why I always get what I want,
Jonnie." She paused, turning to leave. "And don't think we're through, young
man. We didn't finish my plan. But I liked the finish we had anyway. We'll try
to do some more tomorrow see ya later, lover!"

     I stood dumbfounded. Now I'm no dummy. My IQ is 145. But this young cunt
left me in the dust, mentally. I realized I had to work hard for the rest of
the day, or someone might notice I hadn't gotten as much done. As I labored
through the monotony of shoveling the Hind's stable, I tried to unravel the
astounding events of the afternoon. I couldn't wait for tomorrow. And I was
more than a little concerned about getting into deep shit before the night was
over, if that little girl got nervous and cried rape.

The End of part 1/3?





If you're not supposed to read this don't.  Otherwise enjoy!
The story may be freely distributed electronically.  However,
it may only be published, in any form, with the author's consent.

The characters in this story are fictional.

Lust With Young Brenda  Chapter 2 - The Next Day: More Lust In A Stall

By
Jonboy

     I won't try to tell you I went back to Brenda's the next day without some
fear. What made it worse was that I didn't see the kid 'til after lunch. By
then I was startin' to work up a good sweat by using the stable cleaning to
keep my mind off what might happen if she told on me for yesterday.

     I was really thinking about our lust filled afternoon - my dick was about
as hard as it had ever been - when Brenda popped around the corner of the stall
gate. "Hi Jonnie!" She said with a sly smile on her face. She stood in the
opening leering at me in my sweat stained nylon shorts, gloves and sneakers. I
wore a pair of shiny black shorts that were ultra thin. Brenda could easily see
the outline of my dick through the thin material. I had purposely not worn
underwear, hoping that there'd be a repeat of yesterday's performance.

     I'd given much thought to the events of the previous afternoon during the
sleepless night. I realized there was no way a normal little girl her age would
know - let alone do - the sexual acts this pre-teen slut performed on me. I
couldn't keep up this level of fear. I needed some leverage on this bitch if
was going to continue to take advantage of her incredible sexuality. I had to
find out how Brenda knew more about sex than me or any of my friends at school.

     Something else that had bugged me last night was I remembered reading in
sex ed coarse that when a virgin looses her cherry there usually is some pain
and blood. I didn't remember Brenda exhibiting any discomfort during our
"accidental" fuck. And I know there wasn't a speck of blood. Hell, the little
slut sucked the cum from my dick after a came in her pretty little pussy.
Brenda's offhand comment about seeing her parents fucking sounded like an
avenue for investigation into these mysteries.

     I had unintentionally walked in on my mom and dad fucking one night, and
dad about flailed the skin off my ass with his belt. I had heard my mom and dad
talking about Brenda's mom, Betty. They said she "wasn't right." I'd always
thought that meant she was maybe retarded. Now I began to think maybe her
problem was something else.

     Betty was a young woman in her late twenties. She wasn't very good
looking. Not a "knock-out." In fact, I never remember seeing Brenda's mom in
anything but a housecoat or light robe. Her dad, Mr. Hind's son Phil, was
always working or something. I decided if Brenda didn't tell on me, I was going
to try to get something on her.

     Brenda stood in the stall door wearing the same thing she wore yesterday.
Well, almost. She gave me a sly smile and her hand brushed her mini-skirt. She
lifted the hem and showed me she was wearing no underpants either! Damn! My
cock throbbed. The front of my shorts stuck way out. A wet spot appeared where
my piss hole pressed against the shiny fabric. "Hi Brenda." I smiled back.

     The little minx came over and gave me an unexpected hug. Her face pressed
against my lower chest. I felt her little tongue lick some of the sweat from my
body. Her arms wrapped around my ass. "Uuummmm!" She moaned softly. "I've been
thinking about you since I left. I had my finger in pussy all night long!" She
stepped back, lifted her skirt again and slid her little finger between the
pouty lips of her cunny. She pulled the wet digit out and thrust it under my
nose. Our eyes were locked together. I licked the salty mixture of her lust
from the thin finger of the little girl.

     "What do you want to do today, Brenda?"

     "Let me show you all about my horses. OK?"

     "Sure."

     Brenda led the way to the other side of the big barn. There were some
stalls over there that they used while I cleaned the regular stalls. Brenda had
her mare, Windy, and the stallion, Star, tied in the stalls. We walked around
the horses. Brenda let her hand run along the shiny flanks of the sleek
creatures. The handsome mare nickered softly at her young mistress. In the next
few minutes the eight year old girl astounded me with her knowledge of her
four-legged friends.

     "Look under here at Windy's teats, Jonnie." Brenda commented as she bent
at the waste exposing her young ass and pussy to my gaze. I caressed her small
buns as I bent to see her tug on the mare's black nipples. A fine mist of
mare's milk squirted between her fingers. Brenda giggled. The mare turned her
head to watch us. Her dark brown eyes blinked at us, and she turned back away.
The shiny roan horse shifted her stance to allow us easy access to her swollen
teats.

     As Brenda continued to pull on Windy's teat, she reached back with her
free hand and grabbed my stiff dick. Her little fist slid deftly inside the leg
of my shorts. I put my hands on her shoulders as I leaned down to watch her
milk the mare. She let my cock rub the cheeks of ass. Her ass wiggled as she
nestled it against my crotch.

     I could smell her fresh scent. She smelled of soap and hay. I untied the
little strips of cloth that were her bikini top. Then I flipped the back of her
mini-skirt up to expose her rump. Brenda brought her milk wet fingers to her
mouth and licked the pale liquid. She brought another handful back and offered
it to me. I licked her fingers as she had done. The milk was strong tasting,
but not unpleasant.

     I pushed my shorts down over my hips, and ground my crotch against her
ass. My cock slid into the grove of her ass. Brenda patted my balls as they
pressed against her pussy. My cock head thrust lewdly up from her little ass
crack. The head pulled clear of the foreskin. My base of my dick rubbed against
the tiny rosebud of her ass. We stayed like this for a few minutes. Two
children quietly exploring their new sexuality.

     "This is great, Brenda!" I complimented.

     "Ummmm, yeah!"

     "Brenda?" I asked as she continued to fondle me and the mare.

     "Ummmmm?"

     "I just gotta know how come you know so much about sex and stuff?"

     "Oh, that's easy!" She said with total innocence. "My mom shows me all the
time."

     "What do you mean?" I asked as my cock rubbed her pink ass slot.

     "Betty (Brenda always called her mom Betty) is always playing with
herself. Since I'm the oldest child in our family, she is teaching me all about
sex. I've watched her and dad fuck and suck. She really likes it. I think she
likes me to watch too. You know I'll bet she'd like you to watch!"

     I hunched my hips lower to thrust more of my cock head against her ass.
Her sexy talk was getting to me. Knowing she was home alone with her mother I
asked, "Do you think we might watch her today, Brenda?"

     "Maybe. But let me tell you. She might want to fuck you too. I don't mind,
cause she shares her friends with me."

     "Her friends?"

     "Oh yeah! Sometimes men come to visit or deliver something and Betty will
fuck them. She likes me to help. I like it sometimes, but some of them are too
rough. That's why I like you and my horses. My horses never hurt me, and they
always like what I do."

     "Show me what you do with your horses, Brenda." I gasped as my cock head
paused for a moment nudging against her pretty pooper. I held still to keep
from shooting my load to soon.

     "OK!" She agreed excitedly. It was obvious no one had ever explained about
morals to this little chick. Pulling her skirt off, she turn around with a jerk
and squirted some of the mares milk all over her ass. Some of the liquid made
its way into her crack. "Could you hold my cheeks apart for me?"

     I hadn't moved. I found her ass cheeks and spread them. She squirted milk
on her ass hole and pussy. It ran down her legs making it look like she'd peed
herself. "Uuuummmmm." She sighed.

     Her cheek brushed my cock. I needed some contact with my nearly exploding
penis. I began to gently rub the slimy head along her cheeks and chin. She
closed her eyes while continuing to spray herself with mare's milk. Her
nostrils flared as she smelled my crotch. Her pink taster licked along the
length of my young dick. With little hesitation, Brenda inhaled my cock into
her young throat. Her fingers played with her ass and pussy, massaging the
slick milk into her holes. I couldn't take it. With a few good sucks, Brenda
captured my cum in her mouth. She smiled up at me over her staining, cock
filled lips. Her cheeks bulging with my cream. She pulled off of me without
swallowing.

     Brenda stood and spit my scum into he little palm. She rubbed a little of
it on each of her growing nipples. The rest she massaged into her milk filled
ass and pussy. What a sight!

     Next, Brenda walked up beside the mare's rump and slid her tiny hand into
the big horse's cunt slit. She rubbed the large loose folds of Windy's pussy.
Windy's head jerked up with the sudden attention to her sex, but she seemed not
to mind much. When Brenda's hand was wet with the horse's vaginal lubricant,
she smeared this in her cunt and ass with the rest of the strange mixture. I
wondered what the little had in mind.

     Brenda walked around in front of Star, her stallion. Star seemed to be
watching our activities with growing interest. He evidently had a lot of
experience with the sexy slut. I watched his cock as she approached his head. A
long, black hose of horse cock began to unreal from his belly.

     "Not everyone can play with Star." She stated. "He about kicked Betty when
she tried to play with him once. So she doesn't come out here anymore."

     Star snorted at the young slut. His black nose blew a hot blast of air
across her body. His head lowered to her chest. A long, thick tongue bathed her
whole chest. He stopped to lick her tits lightly. Brenda giggled like it
tickled.

     "Can you see his cock? It's usually out by now. Why don't you touch it to
see what if feels like. I think its a lot like yours only a whole lot bigger!"

     I bent down to get a better view. Star didn't seem to be nervous about me
being close to his dick. I touched it with my finger tips. It felt warm and
smooth - like mine. I fisted my cock while I began to stroke the huge horse
pole. Star's cock continued to grow and harden. It was almost two feet long! My
little five inch dick couldn't compare, but I was glad Brenda seemed to like
it.

     Brenda had moved around to his side - still at his head - so she could
watch me play with her horse's cock. "Yeah, Jonnie, he really likes that!" She
leered at our lewd actions. She watched me jack us both off. "That's what I do,
too! I always play with my pussy when I do Star and Windy."

     Star had sniffed the between youngster's legs and smelled the fresh mare's
milk and something else. He smelled my cum and Windy's sex. His tongue slid
over her bald pubis. "Aaaahhhhh!" She gasped. She leaned back against the side
of the stall. Presenting her crotch to the massive animal. She put one leg up
on a rail. Her ass and pussy were easily within reach of his long, pink tongue.

     The stallion responded by licking her pussy and ass like a bear licks
honey. The questing tip found her secret reserves inside her pussy and ass
hole. It tried to follow the taste of rich milk that dribbled from her young
body. Brenda was trembling with sexual excitement. Her eyes were locked on my
actions. I had picked up the pace of my jacking. The horse snorted lustfully.

     Brenda's tiny body was jerking forward and back in concert with the big
animal's attention to her holes. When the flavor of milk was licked away from
one hole, he'd move to the other. By the time that hole was clean, a few more
drops of Windy's milk seeped from the other hole, and he'd go after that.
Brenda was making funny little sounds as her orgasms began to take control.

     Star's cock grew even more as his orgasm began to build. His strong flanks
hunched as if Windy were beneath him. My control of his huge sex tool lessened
as my second cum built. In order to stay balanced, I held both cocks almost
touching. I could feel his giant cock touch mine. His cock drooled on mine. I
used his drool for more lubricant as I continued to jack off.

     All of a sudden Brenda let out a squeal. I looked up to see the stallion's
tongue trying to invade her pussy. Some of it was actually inside the little
girl's hot body! I stopped my jacking to watch the lewd spectacle of the small
child being tongue fucked by a horse more than ten-times her size. My balls
jumped with lust. I could feel Star's cock pulse with need. I wondered what
would happened when he came.

     Brenda gradually quit jerking from her animal motivated orgasm. She patted
his muzzle lovingly as she made her way back to me. "How ya doin', Jonnie?" She
asked as she crawled under Star's belly. "That's no good!" She scolded, "Star
needs to cum too or he'll get feisty." She grabbed the massive penis from my
hand. "Hand me that stool." She commanded, pointing to a low bench hung on the
stall wall. I obeyed her, wondering what the hell was going to happen next.

     Brenda quickly placed the bench under the big animal's cock. She stood on
it bent over facing the same direction as the stallion with her legs straddling
his massive penis. Her back rubbed his belly. His cock slid easily through her
crotch. She hugged his stiff member to her chest. When she scooted back her
pussy lips were mashed against the base of his penis. The tip was just even
with her face.

     As I crouched amazed, Brenda began to lick and suck the huge horse cock
while hunching her pussy along its lower length. I resumed jacking off. I used
my other hand to caress the tiny tot sluts body as much as I could. I rubbed
Star's cock where it slid along her hairless cunt. Brenda smiled at me around
and mouthful of black horse cock meat. The big groaned deep and flexed his rump
like he was fucking the little girl. Brenda had to hold on tight.

     She reached out with one hand and grabbed me. Without missing a stroke,
she pulled around to face her under the horse's chest. Star's throbbing black
dick was about two inches from my face. She continued to suck hard while giving
me a look which came close to a lusty dare. She pulled the huge appendage from
her bulging lips and rubbed the monster across mine. I opened my mouth in total
surprise, and discovered I now had my first taste of horse dick. The little
minx had stuffed several inches of three inch thick black cock in my lips. I
could taste her mouth and horse something.

     Brenda grabbed the back of my head and forced me to keep the giant pecker
in my mouth. When I quit struggling, she reached down and grabbed my dick. It
was still hard. I was lost in a sea of lust. She pushed me away and took over
sucking again. I could see the lust building in her face.

     She hunched her hips in time to the big horse's thrusts. If you didn't
know his cock was actually beneath the tiny child, you'd swear his cock entered
her little pussy and came out her throat. The picture was totally obscene.

     She pulled off his cock and told me to bend over and turn around with my
ass facing her. I quickly complied. My cock flopped around merrily. Brenda
pulled my hips back until my ass hole was in front of her mouth. She buried her
tongue in my ass. I grabbed my cock, jacking like a mad man. I could feel
Star's cock rubbing over my ass. Brenda's mouth made my anus slick. The next
thing I new, my eyes were filled with star's as a horrible pain filled my
virgin ass. The horse had jerked as his orgasm built, slamming his mighty
erection into my soft butt.

     Brenda tried to sooth my aching anus with her tongue. I held still for a
moment. "Relax your ass, silly! You know act like you're taking a shit. You'll
like it!" I won't let him go too deep. I like just the tip myself, but when he
comes its really wild! Come on, Jonnie!" Without waiting for my response, the
little slut again placed Star's madly throbbing member against my ass hole. The
tip barely entered my body. I did what she said, and an inch or two filled my
virgin butt.

     She told me that was enough for the first time, as she pulled the cock
from my ass hole. She licked my ass warmly, then resumed sucking her horse
lover's penis. I turned over, continuing to jack off. I moved my face up next
to hers and shared her feast of horse dick. She giggled around the tip.

     The stallion began jerking his hips frantically. "Uh oh, Jonnie, here it
cums!" The tot laughed as the first blast of horse jism hit her in the face and
mouth. She pointed the shiny black hose at my crotch. She started to lick the
mess of jism from her body as I took hold of the pulsating penis. Brenda's cunt
hunched down hard on the stallion's cock.

     With a mighty snort and a deep groan the magnificent black beast shot his
load over my belly, cock and balls. His cum blasted me from my knees to my
chest. As I came, I sunk down to a squat. His sperm shot under my groin and
even hit my ass - which was almost on the stall floor. My cum sprayed his
massive cock. A puddle of horse cum gathered at my heels.

     Brenda slowly lowered her foot back to the floor from the rail. The
stallion nudged her chest gently. I got up from beneath the beast. I was a
mess! "Shit! Now what am I going to do?"

     "Oh goody!" Cooed the youngster. "Let me help clean you up." She offered
as she took my hand. She led me back in front of Windy. The mare sniffed me
once, and began licking Star's sperm from my body. I felt the horse's wet
tongue cover my ass and groin.

     Brenda, meanwhile, knelt before my cock once more. She eagerly licked the
mixture of man and horse semen into her pretty mouth. Her little tongue
slithered all around my glans. She pulled gently on my foreskin with her teeth.
Brenda's baby mouth suctioned hard on my dick. After seeing her fellate the
horse, I knew why she could easily swallow my boy-cock.

     Although I was getting light headed from cumming so fast and so often, my
cock never even drooped a little. Windy licked my belly and balls. She licked
around the little girl's mouth attached to my cock. When most of our sperm was
licked off my lust crazed body, Brenda pulled me out of the stall, picking up
our clothes on the way.

     The brought me to a pile of fresh bedding (straw), and pushed me down.
Without hesitation or word, she sat down on my throbbing cock. Star's saliva
and her sexual juices had sufficiently wet her pussy for penetration. I did
better this time. We began to fuck. I was able to move and flex my hips some.
But she really didn't need much help. She was like a wild animal, thrusting her
tiny body up and down on my cock.

     Once in while she would stop and I could feel her little cunt grasp my
cock as she came. She would sink clear to its base. My cock had to be clear up
inside of her womb. I could feel it slip into the tight sheath beyond her
vagina. I leaned up to suck on her nipples. Her orgasms began to come faster. I
really liked Brenda's obscenely stretched nipples. It was obvious someone had
pulled them to make them so large. I sucked and licked them while she plunged
happily on my dick. Her pussy got tighter with each new wave of sexual release.

     I found a blob of Star's cum remaining on my chest. I rubbed my finger in
it until it was covered. Brenda watched me with half-closed eyes, wondering
what I would do with the stuff. I have to admit, in the few hours I had become
intimate with this little slut, she had really opened my horizons, sexually. I
took my scum slick finger and quickly shoved up her little ass hole. For the
second time, Brenda fainted as her cunt clutched my cock in a mega-orgasm. I
held my finger in her little butt hole, wiggling lewdly. She flopped forward on
my heaving chest. I shot my third load in her tight pussy while she was
unconscious. I was beyond caring.

     Brenda's blackout was brief. She roused slowly, still embedded on my
softening cock in her pussy and my slick finger in her ass. She smiled. "I
think I chose the right guy to share my secrets with. You will keep my secrets,
won't you?"

     "You mean the fact that you've fucked and sucked men and horses. Sure,
Brenda. I really like you. And I really like what we've been doing. Can we do
some more?"

     "I hope so. I think we'd better get cleaned up before you go home. You
smell good to me, but most people don't like to smell horse cum." She hugged me
tight. We walked over to the hose. With both of us naked, she turned the hose
on us to rinse the traces of sex from our sweaty bodies. She went over to a
tackle box in the corner of the old barn and pulled out a couple of towels. "I
know it gets messy some- times." She said as she handed me the fluffy towel.

     We dressed and she left the barn saying she'd see me later. I was beat
when I got home that night. Having slept little the night before, and cumming
three times in about an hour me tired and hungry. I ate (yeah - like a horse)

The End of part 2/3?




From ddail@efn.org Wed Jun 26 15:22:15 1996
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
From: jonboy@anonimous.net (Jonboy)
Subject: Lust with  Young Brenda 3 of 3
Message-ID: <6187cc$b1416.32c@news.thepoint.net>
Date: Mon, 24 Jun 1996 16:20:22 GMT
X-Newsreader: WinVN 0.99.7
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: Text/Plain; charset=US-ASCII
Lines: 398
Path: 128.230.2.153!newstand.syr.edu!news.corpcomm.net!imci3!imci4!newsfeed.internetmci.com!hunter.premier.net!uunet!inXS.uu.net!news.thepoint.net!not-for-mail

If you're not supposed to read this don't.  Otherwise enjoy!
The story may be freely distributed electronically.  However,
it may only be published, in any form, with the author's consent.

The characters in this story are purely fictional.

Lust With Young Brenda  Chapter 3 - Meeting Brenda's Mom

By Jonboy

     My work cleaning the Hind's barn began to suffer the third day after I'd
screwed little Brenda. I was so horny I couldn't concentrate on anything but
her young pussy. Luckily, I don't think anyone really cared. I was wearing my
skimpiest shorts not knowing what to expect with the slutty little girl today.
So far, both days of sex with her had been completely bizarre. My dick stayed
hard the whole time I worked in the morning.

     I now knew Brenda had fucked her parents, and other men. I had seen her
have sex with her horses. I knew her mother fucked all the time. I wondered
about Brenda's little brothers and sisters! Brenda's mom, Betty, was considered
"strange" by all the farm neighbors. They didn't have a clue. Betty had totally
fucked up her little eight year old daughter's mind.

     I almost stopped to jack off a couple of times, but I didn't want to be
limp if Brenda came out to play. When she hadn't showed up after lunch, I
decided to check things out. Maybe she wanted me to come up to the house to
fuck around with her mom!

     I tried not to think about fucking so my dick would loose some of its
stiffness. I didn't have a shirt. My body was deeply tanned. My thin red shorts
came just above my crotch. They were slit up the sides. I looked like I was
wearing a loin cloth.

     I strode to the house and knocked. Betty, Brenda's mom, came to the door
wearing an oversized white man's shirt, and nothing else that I could see. She
held front of the shirt together with an arm across her chest under her tits. I
could clearly see the dark outline of her aureoles through the thin shirt. "Uh
Hi, Mrs. Hind." I wondered if I could get a drink of cold water. Its really hot
today!"

     "Oh, hi Jonnie. Yeah. Sure come on in." She said looking me over
carefully. Betty was a plain women. She seemed to be on the thin side. She was
not voluptuous or even pretty. Her black hair hung straight. She wore no
makeup. Her arms and legs were thin. Her hips were a little wide. Betty's tits
weren't overly large. But there was something about the housewife. Something
sluttish.

     The place was a mess. Dishes were everywhere. Cigarette butts filled the
ash trays. The house smelled of stale beer and cigarette smoke. The kid's toys
were all over the floor. The TV was on and all the little kids were watching
cartoons. Brenda wasn't around. Betty's eyes locked on my body and fell to my
crotch. I couldn't help the hardon that grew there. My shorts would do no good
in hiding my obvious arousal. I stood waiting in front of the dish-filled sink.

     "Here, boy, let me find a clean glass." She reached across me over the
sink to an upper cabinet. The shirt rose above her hips. I could see her hairy
snatch and smooth white ass. I'd never seen a woman's pussy before. Her pubic
hair was black and very thick. I could see the thick pink lips of her pussy at
the bottom edge of her pubic mound. Although she wasn't fat, she wasn't firm.
Betty seemed to be always pregnant. Her four kids attested to her fertility.

     She held her pose for a long time (supposedly looking for the errant
glass). She strained to reach the back of the cupboard, turning her body toward
mine. Her hairy crotch rubbed against the lump in my shorts. A soon as I felt
her crotch touch my bulge, I flexed my hips forward automatically.

     I saw the lump of my flesh press into the hair over her cunt. We rubbed
our crotches together for a minute. Betty closed her eyes. Her knees flexed to
part her thighs. Tilting her furry pelvis up, my clock slid into the deep
groove of her sopping vagina. I pressed forward feeling her cunt juice soak the
front of my shorts. Hunching down slightly, I slid my cock bulge between her
legs.

     I hadn't noticed that Betty's shirt wasn't even buttoned. When my boy-cock
slid between her cunt lips, Betty's head fell back in pure lust. She let go of
her shirt and it fell wide open exposing one of her tits, and her body from
neck to groin. Her tit sagged a little, but the dark circle around the nipple
and her nipple was deep brown and huge. Now I knew where Brenda got her huge
nipple from. Betty's nipples thrust out proudly. The aureole was almost as big
as Brenda's' fist. The nipple was at least an inch.

     She acted like she was slipping. I raised my trembling hands to steady
her. I grabbed her slender waste and slid my hands up to her mesmerizing
breasts. They weren't attractive. They were lewd. I just had to have them in my
mouth. Without moving, Betty watched as I lowered my mouth toward her exposed
mammary. She leaned forward to my speak into my ear in a whisper. "Wait! Not
here, boy. Follow me!"

     Pulling her shirt closed, she turned and made her way through the maze of
filth and toys to the master bedroom. I stayed so close to her I almost
sodomized the slut when she stopped at one of the bedroom doors along the hall.
My dick wedged itself through my pants into her ass crack. She opened the door.
"Brenda, your friend's here. Are you feeling any better now?" Looking at me,
Betty explained in her whiny, nasal twang, "Phil wanted her to make sure her
chores were done today, but the girl threw a tantrum. Her daddy paddled her ass
good and proper." She walked into the room beside the young girl's bed. "Does
your ass still hurt, baby?"

     Brenda nodded. Her brown eyes watered with tears. Betty pulled aside the
sheet exposing Brenda's naked form. "Turn over, sweetheart, and let momma see
if I can make it better." Brenda rolled over. Her ass cheeks glowed beautifully
from her beating. I could just make out the outline of her angry father's hand
prints. I noticed the groove between her buns was especially red.

     I stood against Betty's ass. She innocently flexed her buns against my
groin. She was bent over the girl. Her hands massaged the hot, red flesh of her
back and ass. Brenda's face was turned toward the wall. I ran my hand under the
open shirt and filled them with Betty's dangling tits. I tugged gently on her
nipples. I pulled on them like I'd seen Brenda do with her mare Windy's nipples
when she milked them yesterday. Betty thrust her ass back against my rock hard
cock. Even through my thin shorts, I could feel my penis slip a little between
the swollen lips of her hairy puss.

     Brenda lay quietly. She acted like she was asleep. I kept milking Betty's
huge nipples. I could feel her tits swell in my hands. Betty seemed to relax a
little. I felt something warm and wet on my fingertips.

     Thinking I was hurting her, I stopped. Betty would have none of it. She
grabbed my hands and squeezed them around her milkers until I could feel her
tit milk squirt between my fingers. The warm liquid dripped and squirted on
Brenda's back and ass. Betty resumed massaging the little eight year old
painful bottom. Brenda cooed happily. I noticed the little minx was laying on
her hand. I could see she had her fingers buried in her pussy!

     I pulled back a little. My cock head slid free of Betty's hot pussy. She
looked back at me. I smiled to reassure her. Not removing my shorts, I simply
pulled my straining dick out through the pant leg. I slid myself easily back
into Betty's hairy snatch. We now resumed our fucking for real. Betty used her
tit milk as a balm for Brenda's burning ass.

     "Momma, my ass hole feels funny could you make it feel better too?"

     Betty helped the little girl up on her knees. Brenda lay face down on her
pillow. Her tiny hands pulled her ass cheeks wide apart. With the ease of a
hooker, she relaxed her sphincter. I stared in awe as her beautiful pucker
widened to a hole easily large enough for my cock. "Can you kiss it and make it
better?"

     I squirted both tits into her gaping anus. Betty leaned forward and licked
around her young daughter's ass hole. We leaned forward together so that I
could maintain my grip on her milk-filled tits - my cock buried to the hilt in
her sucking pussy. Before Betty's mouth invaded her daughters as pucker, I saw
the wet gleam of jism dribbling out of the little girl's ass. Evidently Phil's
punishment included a good ass fuck for his hot-tailed bitch daughter!

     "Uuummm!" Mother and daughter grunted in unison. Betty turned to me with
her scum covered lips. We kissed. The older nymphomaniac sucked my virgin
tongue into her mouth. My cock jumped in her pussy as I tasted another man's
cum for the first time.

     Betty said, "Why don't we all go into my bedroom where there is a lot more
room? OK?" She lifted Brenda from her bed and guided the naked child out to the
hall. She held me by my cock as we walked awkwardly down the hall. I noticed
Betty had her hand on Brenda's ass crack. Her middle finger was hidden in the
young girl's ass. My cock jumped. Betty felt it in her hand and smile at me.

     I was not surprised when we entered Brenda's parent's room and found it to
be as messy as the rest of the house. Betty closed the door, kicking some
strewn litter out of the way of the jamb. Her shirt hit the floor. She pulled
the dirty cover off the bed. There were stains all over the sheets. The place
smelled worse than the barn.

     "God I'm horny kids!" She stated emphatically. "Jonnie, I didn't know you
were such a nice boy (meaning I would be willing to fuck her). If I had, I
would have invited you over sooner." The older woman took control. "Have you
ever fucked a woman before, boy?"

     I glanced at Brenda, her slight head shake tipped me she didn't think her
mom knew about us.

     "No, Mrs. Hind." I said politely. My cock bobbed lewdly at the naked
mother and daughter.

     "Just call me Betty, lover. From now on if you need to drain the cum from
your sweet balls, come see me!"

     Betty's nipples continued to drool a little milk. I guess she was filling
up. Her hands rubbed the tender orbs. She squeezed them shooting spurts of thin
mother's milk at me and Brenda. We both moved toward the nude slut as if in a
trance. Brenda sucked one huge milk-filled nipple into her mouth. I greedily
feasted on the other.

     Betty had breast fed all her babies. She hadn't gone dry since Brenda's
birth. Her milk was much sweeter than Windy's rich mare's milk. She held our
heads to her breasts until we'd taken the pressure from her aching milkers.

     Betty told her tiny eight year old daughter to lay on the bed. Brenda
stretched out on her back head to the foot of the queen sized bed. Betty
crawled over her nubile child. Her face stopped just beyond Brenda's crotch.
She spread her daughter's legs wide, and placed a pillow under her ass. She
kissed the young child's moist pussy.

     "Jonnie, I want you to fuck my pussy like you've seen dogs do. Brenda, I
want you to watch Jonnie. Make sure he fucks your mommy's pussy right. If you
want to you can even lick my pussy while nice Jonnie's hard cock is inside your
horny mother. OK?"

     We agreed swiftly. I jumped up behind the horny mother's ass. I slid my
cock back inside her wet, partially fucked hole. Brenda's mouth started sucking
and licking my cock and balls and Betty's drooling pussy. Betty dropped her
face back between the youngster's legs. I slammed my boy-cock into the slutty
mom. Betty's vaginal muscles were talented. In spite of the four children which
had spread it painfully with their birth, she could squeeze my modest penis
tightly.

     I felt my cock head slide deep into the woman. My foreskin was held away
from the head by her tight muscles. I could feel the slick walls of her
experienced pussy. Looking down between Betty's ass and my crotch as I
slam-fucked her, I could see the lust crazed face of her horny girl-child.

     Brenda pulled my cock clear of her mother's pussy on an out stroke and
took my full length into her throat. On my next stroke she slid me back into
her mom's pussy. Both women started to moan. I was nothing but a fuck tool for
these nymphos.

     While we continued to fuck in this unusual manner, I had a chance to look
at Betty's ass. Betty's body grew on a man. She had a body designed for sex and
male pleasure. Her pubic hair extended through her big lipped crotch to ring
her anus. I played with her butt hole. She arched her back and winked her ass
hole open.

     Reaching into her little girl's juicy, spit-filled pussy, Betty wetted the
fingers of her right hand. She rubbed those fingers into her gaping ass hole.
It shone with the slick sex juice. Brenda watched this lewd action avidly. On
the next stroke, the young vixen pulled my cock from her mom's pussy and
pointed it at her open anus. Neither Betty or I was aware of the change until
my cock was balls deep in her shit-shoot. Brenda's mouth attached itself to her
slutty mother's throbbing clitoris.

     "Jesus Fucking Christ you little slut! Yeah boy fuck my hot asshole. Suck
that clit. Here. I stuff my hole hand in your little pussy baby. How's that!.
You know mommy can't eat your hot little pussy when she's cummmmmmmiiiinnnggg!"

     Betty folded her fingers together and slowly slid her hand inside the
young girls tortured pussy. Brenda wrapped her lithe, tanned legs around her
moms head as she began to cum. She was sucking on her mother's distended clit
like it was a dick or nipple.

     The lewdness of this scene was too much for my sexually overloaded brain.
My cock swelled to its largest. I tried to stuff my nuts as well as my dick
inside Brenda's mom's ass. Just as I shot my load into the older woman, my
balls slid past her sphincter.

     "Gawd yes boy stick your hole leg up my burning ass."

     Betty pressed back until she felt my orgasm subside. Then she flopped off
to the side. Her hand slid out of little Brenda's pussy with a sucking noise.
Brenda reached up with her mouth to clean the scum and shit from my waning
pecker. She licked my balls clean too. Before I knew it, I was hard as an iron
bar again. Betty watched this action with a look of appreciation. Her hand
patted my butt cheeks.

     I wondered what these two would do next. I didn't have long to wait.

     "Momma, my little pussy feels funny too. Can Jonnie make it fell better
with his pretty cock." Brenda begged seeing that her horny sluttish mother
would have fucked me over and over until I was dry. "Besides, you've already
fucked daddy, the mailman and that delivery guy today. Al I've had is daddy's
big dick in my little ass!"

     "Well alright, Brenda." Betty agreed reluctantly. She stood thrusting
several long, thin fingers into her bushy crotch. I could see her daughter's
pussy juice covering her hand to her wrist from their fist fuck moments before.
"I guess I'll have to use my plastic dicky until Jonnie can help me again." She
took a huge penis shaped object that lay openly on the messy dresser top with
the empty beer bottles.

     Brenda got down on the floor on all fours. I knelt behind the naked tot's
body, between her legs. She tilted her pelvis as I maneuvered my cock up to her
bald vagina. Her crotch was still slimy from our previous sex play.

     Betty walked over and grabbed my throbbing cock. She bent and gave my dick
a quick suck. It felt like a vacuum cleaner had a hold of my dick head. She
pulled off my cock and slipped it into her daughter's wiggling pussy.

     Betty sat cross legged beside us as I began to pump my boy- meat into her
oldest child's developing pussy. She shoved the huge phallus easily up her
pussy. Brenda and I watched with avid excitement. Betty liked the audience. She
smiled as the monster dildo slid into her lewdly distended twat until only
enough remained exposed for her fingers to grab.

     Betty's tits bobbed and waved with her body movements. Her nipples were
and angry red-brown. Some pale milk began to seep from the huge nipples.

     My cock fucked in and out of little Brenda's pretty pussy. The child
bounced her ass against my crotch in time with my strokes. Betty would reach
out and caress us as we fucked. She pulled on Brenda's sensitive young nipples.
Her fingers searched my ass crack and I'd feel a fingertip in my butt hole once
in a while. I'd thrust forward deep into Brenda's cunt whenever she did that.
We'd all grunt and moan.

     About the time I felt like maybe another load was building in my
testicles, the bedroom door opened and Brenda's little brother walked right in.
Danny was five years old. The women didn't even slow down. Danny walked up to
his masturbating mother like he'd seen it many times before. He was naked as
they were. "Mommy, my dickey is all hard and fells funny. Can you make it
better?" His little dick was indeed hard. It stuck out maybe two inches. He
walked up in front of Betty. His cock thrust toward her face.

     Betty's answer was to greedily suck her baby boy's stiffness into her
mouth. Her mouth completely engulfed his penis. Her tongue flicked across his
tiny balls. Soon even those disappeared into her lips.

     I was thrusting my cock deeply into Brenda's vagina. I could feel the head
of my stiff prick press against her young cervix then slip into her child womb.
Brenda was using her hand to rub her clit and play with my balls when I was
deep in her body.

     "Mommy, stop!" Danny interrupted. Betty kept sucking. "I gotta pee, mom!"
Betty kept sucking. Her orgasm was upon her. Her hand rammed the obscene twelve
inch dildo into her flaming gash. Her cunt juices stained the floor beneath her
crotch. "Mom!" Dan warned his pedophile parent.

     "Shut up, Dan, go ahead and pee. Can't you see Betty wants to piss in her
mouth! Just shut up and pee!" Brenda commanded the little boy. Betty nodded
slightly, not wanting to lose control of her son's little prick.

     Dan relaxed and I could tell he was pissing in his mother's mouth. My
balls began to ache with need at the lewd sight. Betty's throat pulsed as she
kept up her greedy drinking of tot piss. Brenda looked over her shoulder at me
with a lewd smile.

     Betty lost control in the middle of her cum. She shoved the plastic dick
all the way inside her cunt. I could see her belly move as the huge dick
plunged into her innards. Her eyes rolled back in her head and she fell back.
Her son's pissing prick slipped from her slack lips. Piss bubbled out of her
mouth. Dan continued to pee. He squirted his yellow urine on his slut-mom's
face, tits, belly and finally her pussy dildo filled pussy, before his bladder
was drained. His little cock remained hard. He looked disappointed that the
sluttish older woman would not be able to finish sucking his stiff dick. He
jerked at it with his hand, looking at his big sister for help.

     We watched, engrossed, as the slippery dildo slid out of Betty's cunt like
a thick pink snake. Bubbles formed in the drool around her cunt. The monster
seemed to squirm across the carpet in her cooze slime. Strings of cunt juice
stuck to the carpet hairs like a huge pubic mound. Betty's unconscious cunt
hung open some time. Soon she began to snore in post-orgasmic sleep. Her milk
filled mammaries leaked down her front.

     Brenda told me to lay down in our "favorite" position. She climbed atop my
hard cock once again. This time she bent forward. I thought she wanted me to
suck her stiff nipples. She moaned as my mouth covered her tits.

     "Come here, Danny." The boy eagerly obeyed. Get that tub of Vaseline over
their on mom's dresser." She directed the horny little boy while bobbing on my
fuck pole. "Put some on your dickey and some on my ass hole." She commanded
when he returned. Danny followed her orders not having to be told what to do
next. Her crouched behind his eight year old sister and thrust his five year
old penis into her greasy butt hole. I couldn't tell when the boy tapped her
ass, until Brenda started gyrating on my cock like she was throwing a fit. We
both fucked her. I gripped her tightly by the waste. Dan hung on her shoulders.
His cock bouncing in her flexing ass.

     Danny came first. I don't imagine much happen with him being so young and
all. But the little boy seemed to like it. I enjoyed the wild sexual excitement
of helping fuck my first girl in a sandwich. Brenda jammed her cunt down hard
on my groin. If my passion had been so high, it would have been painful. I felt
her pussy lips and muscle sucking my uncut cock as she had a gut-wrenching
orgasm. I blew my baby making sperm into her tiny vagina.

     We lay quietly. Panting as we recovered. "Wow, Brenda, that was really
wild! I loved it. Do you get to do this very often? I'd like to play with you
and your mom more, if it's OK with you."

     "You just want to fuck her." Brenda stated as she laid her sleeping
brother's form beside their nude mom. Brenda looked hurt.

     "No, lover, I liked fucking your mom with you, but I think I love to fuck
you best of all! I mean it. If you don't want me to fuck Betty any more, no big
deal. I can be very happy licking and fucking your pretty pussy. I just thought
it was fun to see her do all those wild things she does! Hell, she doesn't care
what she does! Does she?"

     "Betty's a nymphomaniac, Jonnie. That means she has to fuck all the time.
I've never seen her cum as hard as she did just now. But as soon as she wakes
up, she'll want to fuck some more. I don't mind you fucking Betty, but I have
to be with you when you do. She'll fuck you dry. And I want your sweet cum in
all my holes!"

     "No problem, Brenda." I agreed as we kissed. Our tongues met. "I never
tasted tit milk that I can remember. I know my mom breast fed all of us kids,
but, God, that really gets me horny. I like watching your mom's tits leak milk,
too. Watch." I reached over the prostrate sleeping whore and squeezed her full
tit. Milk squirted on Danny's sleeping body.

     "Yeah, me too. Look at the time, Jonnie. You'd better get or you'll be
late for supper. I'll get some food for the twins. Betty looks like she'll be out
for a while. Before you go, help me get Danny to bed."

     I helped Brenda move Danny to his room. Brenda licked our juices from my
dangling meat. I started to get hard again. "You'll have to bring that back
later, and we'll play in the barn." She smiled and she tucked my growing penis
back into my shorts.

     I waved at her as I made my way across the field to my house for supper.

The End 3/3???




