                         My adventure in Baby-sitting

   I recently  started baby-sitting  in order  to help  pay for  my college
   expenses and I must say the experience was more than a little  exciting.
   While  I  was  in  high  school  I  babysat  but  I never had any sexual
   experiences with  any of  the families  I sat  for, but  now about every
   third client I  have seems to  want to bed  me and more  than a few  are
   single women  who want  to have  a safe  no strings  attached tryst with
   another woman.

   Before I get too far ahead of myself I should tell you about how it  all
   started.  Being in college was putting a real strain on my finances  and
   I determined I would  have to supplement the  money I got in  grants and
   aid in order to make end meet when my roommate suggested I fall back  on
   the old baby-sitting standby.  While I  was not crazy about this idea  I
   figured what the hell at  least its money in my  hand so I wrote out  an
   add and went to the local  supermarkets and posted it on their  bulletin
   boards.  Well  the response  was overwhelming  and I  soon had more than
   enough work to keep me busy.  One couple with 2 kids I'll call them  Ken
   and Lisa were very nice although a little nonconformist.  The first time
   I worked for them they went out and Ken returned home not with Lisa  but
   with another woman.  I asked no  questions but by the way they  were all
   over each other I  figured that Ken and  Lisa must be into  the swinging
   life.  Their  kids were  pleasant enough  and the  money was  good so  I
   continued to sit for them on a regular basis.

   One day I got a  call from Lisa early in  the morning asking if I  could
   come over about ten o'clock and stay with the children until 4:00 as she
   had to go out that  day.  As I had only  one class that day I  agreed to
   sit for  her.  When  I arrived  Lisa was  still in  the shower so I went
   around back by the  pool and let myself  in.  I checked on  the kids and
   found them watching  TV in the  rec room then  set out to  find Lisa and
   check in.   I walked  into Lisa's  bedroom and  found her standing there
   stark naked.  I excused myself and  started to leave but Lisa called  me
   back saying that it was ok and that she wasn't a prude about nudity.   I
   watched as she got ready to go out and as I did I felt my pussy  getting
   wet and my nipples  started to harden.  Since  I was dressed only  in my
   cutoffs and a T-shirt my excitement was obvious to Lisa and she  watched
   me closely as she began to get ready.  Lisa is an beautiful red head and
   she stands about 5'  10" with firm creamy  tits a hard taught  belly and
   nice pink nipples which stand out proudly when excited.  Lisa's legs are
   long and firm  and her pussy  was partly shaved  exposing her full  pink
   pussy lips.  I could tell Lisa was getting turned on by the situation as
   her nipples were fully erect and a light flush had appeared on her upper
   chest.

   Lisa moved to  her dresser and  took some body  lotion and began  to rub
   some of the fragrant  lotion into her full  firm tits rolling her  erect
   nipples in the process.  Lisa finished up by rubbing the excess into her
   exposed cunt lips and in the  process exposing her hard long clit.   All
   the  while  Lisa  was  getting  ready  she  kept  up  a steady stream of
   conversation which I barley heard as my eyes and thoughts were glued  on
   her fantastic body.  Lisa went to her dressing table and got out a black
   garter belt and shear stockings and slowly put them on.  She still  wore
   no panties or bra.  She then put on a shear blouse which barely  covered
   her ample tits and slipped on a skirt commenting that she hated  wearing
   underwear and found going without it was much more comfortable and a bit
   naughty.  Lisa  asked me  if I  was wearing  any and  I replied  only my
   panties to which she suggested I go without them in the future and  give
   myself a thrill.

   Lisa came over and  gave me a parting  hug which was more  than friendly
   and said she  would be back  by 4:00 and  to make myself  at home as her
   husband Ken wouldn't be back until very late that evening.  The rest  of
   the day went slowly and I continued to have fantasies about Lisa  seeing
   her  beautiful  body  in  my  mind  as  my  imagination slipped from one
   forbidden  fantasy  to  the  next.   Lisa's  kids were good and the time
   passed  quickly  with  my   mind  filled  with  potential   lust  filled
   adventures.  Its funny I  never really got turned on by women as  a rule
   but there have been a couple of times in my life when I spent some  idle
   hours in  between the  sheets and  thighs of  one of  my female  friends
   mostly  out  of  lack  of  any  nice  guys,  but  my desire for Lisa was
   something else again.

   As per Lisa's schedule I put the  kids down for their nap at 1:00  right
   after their lunch.   Having some free  time and feeling  very stimulated
   from all the fantasies that were running through my head I decided to go
   out and sit by the pool and relax in the sun.  Knowing there was no  one
   around and having  noticed that the  back yard area  was ringed by  high
   walls I decided to take off my panties and see if Lisa was right.  As  I
   removed my cutoffs I knew I was very stimulated as the entire crotch  of
   my skimpy white panties was soaked  with my pussy juices.  I pulled  off
   my panties and stood there in front of Lisa's bedroom mirror as I slowly
   rubbed my slick pussy and pressed my hard clit between my wet labia.  It
   felt great but I was getting carried away so I put my shorts back on and
   went out  to the  pool area  and layed  down on one of the lounge chairs
   soaking in the warm sun.

   I was feeling very  sexy and spread my  legs as if to  allow some unseen
   admirer to peak up the leg of my cutoffs and watch my cunt.  In my minds
   eye  my  admirer  was  Lisa  and  I  could see her licking her lips with
   anticipation.  Lost in my daydream I started to squeeze my tits and pull
   my now erect  nipples making me  very hot.  I  pulled up my  T-shirt and
   really gave  my tities  a workout  as my  hand went  between my legs and
   stroked my pussy.  Soon I was  having my first orgasm my fingers  pumped
   fully up my soaking  twat as I viciously  frigged my clit with  my thumb
   and worked my now swollen tits with my other hand.  As I descended  from
   the heights of  my climax I  sensed that I  was not alone  and opened my
   eyes to see Lisa sitting  opposite me watching my self  fulfillment with
   obvious lust.  I was shocked at first and covered up and told her I  was
   sorry  but  the  sun  had  relaxed  and  excited me and well I just lost
   control.  Lisa told  me not to  worry about it  that she often  came out
   here to sun and it many times had the same affect on her.  Lisa asked me
   if her suggestion that  I not wear panties  had helped get me  worked up
   and I told her it had and  that I had taken them off just  before coming
   out to relax.  Lisa told me her business in town had concluded early and
   she decided  to return  home and  relax with  a swim.   I told Lisa that
   sounded great an I envied her.  Lisa came back by asking me if I  wanted
   to join her  in the pool  and spend the  afternoon with her.   I somehow
   knew there was  more in her  invitation than was  spoken and told  her I
   would like to but I had no suit and no change of cloths.  Lisa stood  up
   and removed the robe  she was wearing and  told me I really  didn't need
   one showing me her firm naked body and telling me to swim like she  did,
   naked.  I a  flicker of uncertainty  flew through my  head but was  soon
   replaced with desire and I thanked  her and told her I would  enjoy that
   very much.  Lisa told me to take off my cloths and meet her in the pool.
   I watched as she dove into the pool and surfaced calling me to join her.
   I pulled off my T-shirt exposing my firm full breasts to Lisa's view, my
   nipples  were  fully  erect  and  I  knew from Lisa's expression she was
   appreciating the show.   Next I pulled  my shorts down  and since I  had
   taken off my panties earlier I was completely naked.  I couldn't hide my
   lust for this  woman and I  briefly rubbed my  mound slipping my  finger
   over my  clit.  Moving  to the  edge of  the pool  I prepared to dive in
   letting Lisa have a long look at my full tits and firm hard body  hoping
   I was having the same effect on her as she was having on me.

   I dove in and swam around a bit the water was really refreshing and Lisa
   and I exchanged some girl talk  as we discussed the problems in  each of
   our  day  to  day  lives.   Pretty  soon  we  were  into  some  intimate
   conversation concerning our  sex lives and  I learned that  Lisa and her
   husband Ken were as I  suspected into swinging and enjoyed  sharing each
   other with their friends.  This talk was getting me hot and as Lisa  and
   I sat on the edge of the pool I could feel the heat and wetness build up
   in my  pussy.  When  Lisa put  her arm  around my  shoulders I thought I
   would melt and I  leaned into her and  kissed her full warm  lips.  Lisa
   was a expert seductress she  softly caressed my shoulders with  her hand
   as  she  cupped  my  breast  and  fondled  me  to a frenzy.  Out tongues
   explored each others  mouths as I  reached for and  found her full  firm
   tits cupping them and  fondling her in return.   Lisa layed me back  and
   began to rub my hard flat belly as she stroked the insides of my  thighs
   with her  other hand,  moving ever  closer to  my now  sopping pussy.  I
   could  feel  her  light  touch  on  my  cunt  lips as her fingers gently
   massaged my  outer lips  pushing them  back to  expose my  now throbbing
   erect clit.  I drew in my breath as Lisa descended on my cunt  spreading
   my legs and opening my pussy as  she slowly ran her tongue over my  open
   lips and then found my hard button.  Her licking soon turned to  sucking
   and I felt her push two of her long fingers into my pulsing cunt as  she
   sucked my clit until  I climaxed.  As I  was coming down from  my orgasm
   Lisa crawled up  on me and  licked my nipples  and then kissed  me again
   letting me taste my pussy juices which covered her mouth and lips with a
   fine sheen.  I wanted to pleasure her so I told her to lay back and  let
   me return the favor.  I pushed Lisa on her back and reached between  her
   legs spreading  them and  giving me  access to  her slippery shaved cunt
   lips.  Pressing my fingers deeply into her hot slippery pussy I began to
   rub her clit  with my thumb  as I sucked  her tits and  bit her nipples.
   This had  Lisa moaning  in no  time and  I could  feel the  walls of her
   vagina pulse  with each  thrust of  my probing  fingers.  I moved slowly
   down Lisa's  hard taught  belly until  my mouth  was positioned right in
   front of her sopping pussy lips.  Lisa could hardly contain her  passion
   and quickly placed her hand at the back of my head urging me to suck and
   lick her slick cunt.  I reached out my long tongue and licked her shaved
   pink lips separating them from  around her already stiff distended  clit
   and began to flick her hard button with long tantalizing strokes.  As  I
   licked I continued  to play with  her tits and  rolled her right  nipple
   between my thumb and forefinger as I pushed and probed her hot twat with
   my invading fingers.   About two minutes  of this had  Lisa quaking with
   orgasm and I licked up the overflow of her sweet juices like a bee in  a
   flower as she poured  out her passion.  As  Lisa was recovering I  moved
   back up  to her  face and  kissed her  deeply probing  her mouth with my
   tongue and letting her taste her own juices.

   After Lisa had regained some of  her composure she suggested we go  into
   the house and see if the children were still sleeping and then  continue
   our lovemaking in her bedroom.  I could hardly wait to get into her arms
   again  and  told  her  that  while  I  infrequently  had  quick one time
   experiences with  other women  during my  life none  of my previous lady
   lovers had made  me feel as  good as she  did.  We walked  back into the
   house hand in hand and I began to feel very close to her.

   After checking on the children Lisa and I went to her bedroom and  after
   a bit of mutual caressing and fondling Lisa asked me if she could  shave
   my pussy so that  I could get the  full benefit of her  mouth and tongue
   work while we made love.  At  this point I could refuse her  nothing and
   readily agreed.  Lisa took me into the master bathroom and had me sit on
   the edge of the vanity while she prepared to shave my pussy.  I told her
   I wanted mine to look like hers with a smallish tuft of hair left on  my
   mound and my cunt lips fully shaved and exposed to view.  Lisa  relished
   her work and quickly shaved me  cleaning off my sensitive lips and  then
   turning me over and  shaving a few stray  hairs from around my  anus.  I
   was pleased with her work  and told her it felt  like I had a whole  new
   cunt to experience her love with.  Lisa answered by slowly pressing  her
   index finger up my virgin anus  and telling me that my pussy  wasn't the
   only place to feel  pleasure and as she  deftly worked her finger  up my
   ass I knew  I was about  to broaden my  sexual awareness quotient  by at
   least 100 per cent.  I suggested we shower and then I would like to  eat
   her pussy again, an idea that  made Lisa very happy and we  proceeded to
   shower  together  making  sure  to  rub  all the sensitive parts of each
   other.  I even managed to fuck her  anus with my finger as I washed  her
   ass and  fondled her  firm ass  cheeks.  Lisa's  touch on  my now shaved
   pussy made me  quiver with delight  as each touch  felt like a  thousand
   feathers caressing my naked cunt.

   We returned to the bedroom and Lisa  asked me to get on the bed  which I
   gladly did as she went to her dresser and opened the drawer and began to
   take out  her toys  as she  called them.   Now I  have a  little plastic
   friend at  home in  my dorm  room which  I use  regularly to  relieve my
   sexual tension but compared to what  Lisa had in her drawer my  vibrator
   and I  were clearly  novices.  Lisa  pulled out  a 18  inch double dildo
   which she  said we'd  share later  and then  two different vibrators one
   about 8 inches in size and quite thin and another about a foot long that
   was jet black,  I guessed this  one was to  simulate a big  black penis.
   Lisa also removed a good sized dildo attached to some straps and I  knew
   from watching some porno tapes with my boyfriend that I would be feeling
   this monster in my pussy soon.  Lisa brought her collection over to  the
   bed and asked me to  get up on my hands  and knees facing her.  She then
   slid beneath me and after sucking  my full swinging tits and chewing  on
   my sensitive nipples she wormed her way back until he mouth was directly
   under my cunt.  I  was looking directly in  her sweet cunny and  I could
   tell from  the wet  river pouring  out of  her pussy  that she  was very
   turned on.  I kissed her sweet  pussy and pushed my tongue into  her wet
   hole as she  pulled my pussy  to her mouth  and began to  tongue fuck my
   newly  shorn  cunt.   I  spread  her  swollen pink lips and inserted two
   fingers up her hot wet channel  making her moan audibly in the  process.
   I switched my tongue to her clit and licked her erect love bud with long
   slow strokes as I probed her hot wet hole with deep hard strokes.   Lisa
   pulled my cunt lips back and reached around my hip grabbing my ass cheek
   and spreading  the crack  of my  ass.  Just  as I  wondered what she was
   going to  do I  felt her  hot wet  tongue enter  the puckered ring of my
   asshole and  I started  to shake  with excitement.   Lisa slowly  tongue
   fucked my anus until  I climaxed while she  continued to finger fuck  my
   cunt and frigged my hard clit  with her thumb.  I was devastated  by the
   intensity of my  climax and determined  to brig Lisa  off the same  way.
   Pulling her legs back under my arms I exposed her pink puckered  asshole
   and immediately  began to  run my  tongue over  her pulsing  asshole.  I
   could tell Lisa needed  more and I pushed  three fingers up her  sopping
   cunt and started to  rub her clit in  time to my pumping  fingers.  Lisa
   was moaning loudly by  now and I pushed  at her tight anal  ring with my
   tongue until  it opened  up a  bit allowing  me to  penetrate her  tight
   asshole.  I continued my assault on her anus cunt and clit until I  felt
   her climax peak and begin to  subside.  I had never experienced a  woman
   so fully as I had Lisa just then and could not get over the intensity of
   our pleasure.  After a  bit I climbed off  Lisa and snuggled up  next to
   her kissing her and fondling her cunt ass and tits.

   Just as we were returning to earth from our out of this world experience
   I heard the  children begin to  make noise.  I  told Lisa to  rest and I
   would take care of them and get them down stairs and settled in front of
   the  TV.   As  I  left  Lisa  call  to  me to hurry and she would have a
   surprise for me when I returned.   I left thinking of how much  pleasure
   we  had  enjoyed  and  thought  it  would  be  hard  to top our previous
   lovemaking.  I returned after settling the kids to find Lisa kneeling on
   the bed with the strap on dildo on and pumping the big black vibrator in
   to her sweet pink pussy.  I  watched as Lisa rammed the vibrator  up her
   cunt and stroked the long strap on dildo at the same time.  Lisa  called
   me to  the bed  and I  dropped the  robe I  had put  on to the floor and
   presented her  with my  cunt and  ass doggy  style.  Lisa  bent down and
   began to lick and  suck my pussy as  she continued to ream  herself with
   the vibrator until she had me on the verge of orgasm.  She then move  in
   on my cunt with that long  stiff artificial cock and slowly pressed  its
   length into my  waiting pussy I  thought that plastic  shaft would never
   end  as  it  stretched  my  cunt  to  the  limit making me go crazy with
   pleasure.  Lisa obviously an old hand at this had no trouble fucking  me
   with her  artificial cock  while she  continued to  do herself  with the
   dildo and I imagined seeing that fat black shaft being repeatedly rammed
   into her pink shave pussy as  she probed my own stretched hole  with her
   plastic penis.   In no  time she  had me  moaning in  orgasm and  I fell
   forward and watched as  she stroked her fake  prick and rammed her  cunt
   with the black vibrator until  she too collapsed in orgasm.   Seeing her
   their defenseless the black shaft still protruding from her pink swollen
   cunt lips I moved in between her legs and pulled off the strap on  dildo
   and slowly  stroked the  vibrator in  and out  of her  steamy cunt  as I
   licked her clit.   This aroused Lisa  once more and  I pushed my  finger
   deep into her anus as she squirmed in pleasure.  Lisa climaxed again  as
   I licked and  sucked her sweet  clit and pounded  both her holes  with a
   quick hard rhythm.

   Lisa quickly  regained her  strength quickly  and crawled  up between my
   thighs and began to lick my clit  while she probed my hot cunt with  her
   big black vibrator and finger fucked  my asshole.  I was so worked  up I
   climaxed quickly  thrusting my  slippery lips  into Lisa's  mouth as she
   impaled my pussy on that demon  vibrator of hers.  As I was  lying there
   panting from my last orgasm the  big black vibrator still humming in  my
   fuck happy twat Lisa  got her other vibrator  and wet it by  forcing the
   entire shaft up her juicy pussy.   Rolling me on my side Lisa  spread my
   ass cheeks and slowly  worked the vibrator into  my anus.  Since my  ass
   was still a  bit virginal Lisa  slowly worked in  that throbbing monster
   until I was able to take the entire length up my throbbing anus.  I  had
   never felt so full  before and I climaxed  over and over as  Lisa worked
   her toys in and out of my cunt and asshole while she sucked my tits  and
   bit on my nipples.

   As both of us were just a bit fucked out Lisa suggested we check on  the
   kids and then  take a nap  before dinner which  sounded good to  me so I
   went down  and made  sure the  children were  ok then  joined Lisa for a
   shower and we crawled onto her bed and fell asleep in each others  arms.
   I woke before Lisa and after checking on the kids again went back to her
   bedroom and woke her  up by licking her  cunt and asshole until  she was
   well stimulated.   Teasing her  I suggested  we make  dinner and get the
   kids to bed  early so that  we could have  some more time  to ourselves.
   Lisa thought that it was a good  idea and we proceeded to dress and  get
   dinner ready.  After the kids went to bed Lisa asked me if I would  like
   to see some porno movies  she and Ken had.  My  pussy was wet and I  was
   ready for anything so I told her yes and Lisa went to the VCR and popped
   in  a  tape,  as  the  movie  started  I  realized  that  this was not a
   commercial tape but rather a home grown video that someone had made.  As
   the movie started there were a bunch of people at what appeared to be  a
   party they were  all milling around  and engaged in  conversation.  Then
   the camera  focused in  on one  woman and  it was  Lisa she was standing
   talking to  this man  and woman  and was  rubbing this  guys cock as she
   talked.   The  woman  was  just  watching  and  listening like there was
   nothing unusual about Lisa's behavior.   Lisa then unzipped his fly  and
   pulled out his long cock and began to stroke it.  The woman now  reached
   over and began  to squeeze and  fondle Lisa's tits  as Lisa brought  the
   guy's cock  to full  erection.  Once  Lisa had  the guy  fully erect she
   handed the woman her drink and got on her knees taking the guys cock  in
   her mouth.  This guys cock must have been at least 10 inches long and as
   fat around as  I have ever  seen.  After a  few good licks  Lisa had his
   cock fully in her  mouth and throat with  his balls were resting  on her
   chin.  The other woman  just watched until she  too decided to get  into
   the action.  She unzipped  her dress and took  it off revealing her  big
   firm tits and large stiff nipples and she was wearing only a garter belt
   and nylons so her cunt and ass were fully exposed.  She reached down and
   helped Lisa get  undressed until Lisa  had nothing on  at all.  By  this
   time I  was already  rubbing my  tits and  twisting my  erect nipples in
   anticipation of what was going to follow.  Lisa suggested we strip  each
   other as we watched and really get into the film and each other.  I  was
   way  ahead  of  her  and  had  her  blouse  off  before she finished her
   sentence.  I removed her  skirt and spread her  legs giving her pussy  a
   quick lick and a kiss to show  Lisa how turned on I was.  Lisa  stripped
   me as I watched the unfolding story  on the screen.  By now the Guy  was
   naked and  lying down  with Lisa  continuing to  deep throat his massive
   cock as she finger fucked  his asshole with hard pounding  strokes.  The
   other woman had put  on what I recognized  as Lisa's strap on  dildo and
   was licking  Lisa's cunt  and fingering  her asshole  in preparation  to
   mounting her and  fucking her with  the plastic cock.   Suddenly the Guy
   pulled his cock out  of Lisa's mouth and  the other woman layed  down on
   her back with  that plastic shaft  standing in the  air.  The guy  moved
   Lisa  over  the  other  woman  and  helped  Lisa mount the plastic shaft
   forcing it deep  into Lisa's cunt  while licking her  asshole and finger
   fucking the other woman.  Lisa began  to pound her pussy up and  down on
   that  fat  plastic  shaft  as  she  kissed  and licked the other woman's
   heaving tits.  The guy spread Lisa's ass cheeks exposing her pink rimmed
   anus to the camera  then move in and  rubbed his cock into  the crack of
   her ass and  pressed it into  her puckered anus.   Slowly he forced  his
   massive penis  up Lisa's  asshole until  all that  was left  outside was
   about a inch.  Lisa in the meantime had continued pumping her pussy with
   the artificial cock as the other woman licked and sucked Lisa's tits and
   nipples.  I watched transfixed as the guy began to stroke his big pecker
   in and out of  Lisa's stretched anus with  long hard strokes making  her
   ass cheeks jump  with each impact  and shaking her  full hanging breasts
   wildly.  This scene continued until  the guy climaxed in Lisa's  asshole
   and Lisa climaxed on the fake  cock.  As the camera panned back  I could
   see naked men an women all  around the room fucking and sucking  in ever
   imaginable way.  Lisa was sitting behind me now stroking and fondling my
   cunt and tits as the short film ended.

   As I came  to my senses  I turned to  kiss Lisa and  found her full lips
   ready and I kissed her warm  mouth and probed her mouth with  my tongue.
   Lisa and I watched some more films staring her and her husband Ken while
   we played  with each  other making each other  climax multiple times.  I
   must say I was impressed with Ken too.  On film he looked great having a
   long fat cock  which Lisa says  is over 10  inches long and  more than 6
   inches in circumference.  Watching his  cock stoke in and out  of Lisa's
   cunt asshole and mouth as well as a large assortment of other ladies  in
   the film made me crave a big hot cock in my pussy.  In one of the scenes
   where he shot his  load up this hot  blonds pussy Lisa went  down on her
   and licked his  sperm from her  freshly fucked twat  and I could  almost
   taste the sweet sticky cum in my mouth as I watched.  When the tape  ran
   out I asked Lisa if  she and Ken had a  good sex life and did  they both
   really enjoy swinging as much as  they seemed to on tape.  Lisa  told me
   that she and  Ken had been  married for 12  years and had met at a swing
   party and both loved  the freedom to bring  other people into their  sex
   life.  Lisa then  asked if I  would like to  stay over and  meet Ken and
   spend the night with them.  I was hoping she would suggest this and told
   her so, I  told her that  I would like  to put on  that plastic cock and
   fuck her cunt  and asshole right  now if we  had the time.   Lisa's eyes
   sparkled at my suggestion and she took me by  the hand and led me to the
   bedroom.

   When we reached the bedroom Lisa moved  me to the bed and helped me  put
   on the big plastic cock.  As I started to get it on I saw why Lisa liked
   it so much, on the back it had a small version of a cock which stuck out
   and when properly worn pressed directly against my clit driving me crazy
   as I stroked the long shaft mimicking a man getting ready for sex.  Lisa
   bent down and forced  the fake cock down  her throat as she  squeezed my
   tits with one hand and rubbed and fingered my pussy and asshole with the
   other.  Soon both She and  I were ready for more  and I told her to  get
   down doggy style so I could  fuck her.  Lisa swung around and  presented
   me with her firm ass reaching back and spreading her cunt lips until her
   wet pink  inner hole  was exposed.   I grabbed  the big  black dildo and
   began  to  probe  Lisa's  open  cunny  with  it as I licked her anus and
   frigged her clit Lisa came quickly from my triple assault and I moved in
   to fuck her.  Pulling her wet  pussy lips back I forced the  fat plastic
   shaft deep  into her  hot wet  vagina pumping  its full  length into her
   tight hole and started  to ream her cunt  with long hard strokes.   Lisa
   began to moan and call  out my name as I  pounded her pussy with all  my
   strength.   Remembering  the  tape  I  grabbed  the  big  black vibrator
   switched it  on and  wet it  with my  mouth, I  could still taste Lisa's
   juices on  the plastic  as I  licked it.   I spread  her firm ass cheeks
   opening her  pulsing asshole,  I slowly  stretched her  anus further and
   pushed the fat black tool into her rectum until only the last inch or so
   was still visible.  Lisa was now moaning incoherently and I continued my
   deep pussy probing strokes as  I pushed pulled and twisted  the vibrator
   in and out of her asshole.  Lisa  was crying out my name now and  having
   one climax after another.  Shortly the  little penis in the back of  the
   strap on dildo did its work and I too began to climax after which I fell
   onto Lisa pinning her beneath me with the vibrator still humming in  her
   asshole.

   I must have passed out because when  I opened my eyes I saw Lisa's  head
   between my legs and  felt her tongue going  like crazy in and  out of my
   pussy.  Looking up  I saw Ken  standing there watching  his wife eat  my
   pussy while  he fingered  her hot  cunt and  ass.  Ken  was still  fully
   clothed but had a massive erection  which pushed the front of his  pants
   out like a flag.   I smiled at Ken  and reached down placing  my hand on
   Lisa's head  and pushing  her face  harder against  my wet  pussy.  Lisa
   sensing I had come around lifted her head and looked back at her husband
   Ken and said I knew I could bring her around honey.  Ken smiled  broadly
   and asked me if I would like to join him and Lisa in bed that night.   I
   told Ken I was looking forward to it ever since I saw the tapes  earlier
   that evening.  Lisa  and Ken helped  me sit up  and I grabbed  Ken's big
   cock thru his pants and began  to massage his balls.  I wanted  that big
   dick in me so bad I could taste it and told him so.  Ken suggested  that
   Lisa and I strip  him and get him  ready I began by  unzipping his pants
   and  pulling  out  his  beautiful  prick.   I could tell Ken was already
   excited as his dick was oozing pre-cum and I immediately licked the head
   swallowing his sweet tasting cum.  I opened my mouth and took as much of
   his big dick into my throat as  I could and started to suck and  chew it
   gently as I watched  Lisa undo his belt  and pull off his  pants.  Never
   allowing his massive organ to leave my mouth I managed to cup his  balls
   and slip my finger  up his asshole while  Lisa stripped off the  rest of
   his  cloths.   Ken  was  getting  very  excited  and  Lisa  joined in by
   spreading his  ass cheeks  and pulling  my finger  from his  asshole she
   began to tongue fuck Ken's anus.  Not being quite super human Ken  began
   to climax filling my mouth and throat with his sweet sticky sperm  until
   his cum dripped out of my mouth  and onto my tits where Lisa saw  it and
   came to my assistance licking  up the overflow of her  husbands passion.
   I felt like I had swallowed a gallon of sperm and couldn't wait to  have
   Ken to unleash more of his sticky cum in my cunt.

   Ken laid down on the bed and Lisa said she wanted to suck his cock until
   it was hard enough for me to enjoy so she took up a 69 position over Ken
   forcing her sopping pussy into his mouth as she deep throated his  cock.
   I watched as Lisa worked his semi hard prick in and out of her throat in
   order  to  restore  his  erection  and  deeply  probed his anus with her
   fingers making Ken moan with pleasure.  I saw a chance to pleasure  Lisa
   and joined Ken licking and fingering her anus as Ken licked her clit and
   finger fucked her hot cunt.  Soon  I could see Ken's thick shaft  rising
   from his belly and begged  for it like a child  who has seen a new  toy.
   Lisa relinquished her prize and  helped me to mount Ken's  hot throbbing
   prick.  Ken had a massive hard-on and his cock stretched my pussy to the
   limit as I settled down inching  his stiff penis into my slippery  twat.
   Once I had Ken's full length in my hot hole I began to plunge it in  and
   out of my clutching pussy.  Lisa straddled her husbands head and  forced
   her cunt down on  his talented mouth urging  him to fuck her  sweet cunt
   with his tongue and ream her anus with his fingers.  As Ken went to work
   on Lisa she  bend down and  began to lick  my clit as  her husbands cock
   pounded in and  out of my  well stretched pussy  just below her  tongue.
   The combined stimulation  of Ken's thick  hard cock and  Lisa's talented
   tongue on my clit made me climax over and over washing me with pleasure.
   Finally I  felt Ken  starting to  thrust his  hips to  meet my  downward
   strokes and I could tell he  was about to shoot another creamy  load.  I
   forced myself down hard and milked his cock with my strong pussy muscles
   until I  felt his  hot sperm  gush into  my quivering  cunny.  Ken  kept
   shooting for what  seemed like forever  filling my tightly  packed pussy
   and overflowing  all over  my cunt  lips and  his balls.   Lisa quick to
   notice the overflow  licked it all  up and shared  it with me  in a deep
   soul kiss.

   Ken after  Ken was  done spurting  his seed  into my  tight hot  pussy I
   climbed off and noticed Ken's erection had not diminished at all.   Lisa
   told me now Ken can go on  almost all night and she quickly mounted  his
   hard cock ramming it  up her pussy and  telling me to take  her place on
   his face.  I gladly climbed on  Ken and forced my cum filled  cunny into
   his face riding his mouth and tongue until I had climaxed twice more and
   he had filled Lisa's pussy with yet another river of cum.

   We fucked Ken  long into the  night and I  got double fucked  by Ken and
   Lisa with Lisa pounding the strap on dildo up my pussy while Ken  rammed
   his hot cock deep into my anus.   After a couple of orgasms I asked  Ken
   and Lisa to switch places and had Lisa and her artificial phallus up  my
   rear while I probed my pussy on Kens thick hard shaft.  We fucked  until
   we were all just too sore to continue and they invited me to sit for the
   kids next time the had a swing  party at their house I accepted and  let
   me tell you I never thought I could experience so much pleasure but I'll
   save that for another story.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      