Archive-name: Affairs/bbslovrs.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: BBS Lovers


   The BBS lovers wrote back and forth to each other, til they
both had enough of writing letters. Both were married but not              
to each other. They lived over 1500 miles apart.
   They both wrote to each other asking if they could meet. 
   They both came upon an agreement and meet halfway. He landed
at his halfway point on Friday late afternoon, waiting for his 
lovers plane to land.  When it was for the plane he got all
nervous and excited.  He heard them announce on the loud speaker
that the plane was coming in.  He stood there very impatient
looking for someone with a Red Rose pinned in her hair, she told
him that she would have one in her hair.
   She finally came walking off the plane with a big smile on
her face.  He walked up to her and introduced himself to her.
   She was very excited when she saw him, her body tingled all
over.  They talked for a little bit and decided to get a room
at a Hotel.  They checked in, and took the bags to the room,
freshened up a little and decided to go get something to eat.
   They went to a small place in town, ate and talked for about
3 hours.  They were both getting tired and they went back to the
Hotel.  He went in and took a shower while she sat nervously
waiting for her turn in the shower.  She was going to join him 
but didn't want to seem to pushy. When he came out she went in
an took her shower.  She got done and went into the room, he
was sitting on the bed with a towel around his waist.  
   She had on a skimpy nightgown that you could partially see
through.  He couldn't keep his eyes off of her.  She sat down
on the edge of the bed and started brushing her long brown hair.
   He moved toward her and took the brush out of her hand and
brushed her hair for her.  He told her how beautiful she looked
and bent over her and started kissing her neck.  She got chills
all over her body when he did that.
   He turned her to face him, and he kissed her lips, it was 
such a passionate kiss that she wrapped her arms around his 
waist.  They fell back on the bed, and when they did the towel
fell off of him exposing his massive cock.  She ran her hand
down his back and moved it to his hot throbbing cock.  She ran
her fingers up and down his shaft lightly teasing him, and than
fondled his balls.  He was so hard and hot.  He started to slowly
take off her nightgown, he pulled the straps down exposing her 
large breasts.  He couldn't resist putting his lips on her nipples.
   He kissed her breasts so softly that the more he did it the 
the harder her nipples got.  He pulled her nightgown the rest of
the way of, showing him her body.  He ran his tongue up and down
her body getting her even hotter than before.  She laid there
moaning for more.
   He ran his tongue down to her clit and teased the hell out 
hell out of her.  She let out a little scream of excitement, 
and wanted to suck his cock, so he laid back on the bed while
she went straight for his cock.  She teased him like he did to
her.  Then she put his huge cock into her mouth and slowly went
up and down on his cock.  He couldn't take it anymore and he
pulled her up onto him.  She sat on his cock and slowly put
it inside her dripping cunt.
   They were so wrapped up in each other that they both came
at the same time.  She fell back into his arms and giggled a
little with excitement.  They fell asleep in each others arms.
   About three hours later he woke her up and they made love
again.  They both got into the shower and soaped each other up
and then rinsed each other off, than they kissed each other
all over their bodies.  He pulled her pussy onto his waiting 
cock.  He slowly pumped his cock into her pussy.  She pulled 
him out and put her mouth on his cock, he could barely stand up.
   They fucked in the shower until the water started getting
cold.  He pulled his cock out and squirted his cum all over her
tits and belly.  They cleaned up and went back to bed.
   They got up about eight hours later and got dressed and de-
cided to go get something to eat and do a little sight-seeing.
   They couldn't let go of each other the whole time they were 
out.  He suggested that they go back to the Hotel after he 
bought her another nightgown, so she could model it for him, for
this was Saturday and they only had this last night together.
   They went back to the hotel and she went and took a quick 
shower and slipped into the nightgown.  It fit her perfect. He
couldn't wait to take it off of her.  He didn't say a word his
eyes said it all.  He stood up and walked over to her and started
slow dancing with her, the music was just right.  He whispered
sweet nothings in her ear and nibbled on her earlobe, which got
her all tinglely again.  She was running her nails up and down 
his back.  He kissed her long and hard.  They didn't even get
into bed, he pushed her up against the wall and fucked her til
they came again.
   They got into bed and she started to cry because it would all 
end the next day.  He comforted her and they made love again.
   They fell asleep in each others arms.  The next morning when 
they awoke they made love again.  This time it was more exciting
than ever.  They took a shower got dressed and went to the airport,
they kissed and gave each other a little squeeze and boarded the
planes, never knowing when they'll ever see each other again.
   Was it a Dream, or a Fantasy or was it Real?  It was just to 
good to be true.....

--
