                                BUSINESS FIRST

   My first experience with sexual harassment on the job just occurred  and
   I can tell you I thorough enjoyed every harassing minute of it.  It  all
   started when I changed  jobs joining a large  company and working for  a
   female boss.  This was new to me but since she was fairly young and very
   good  looking  with  a  great  figure  my  mind went into its flights of
   fantasy from my first day.  Mary my  boss is about 38 and stands 5'  10"
   and has a  figure that runs  36 26 37.   She is blond  and has a  way of
   putting men at ease immediately.  Mary wears fashionable clothing  which
   while not flaunting her obvious charms is quite seductive and  sometimes
   a bit revealing.

   As soon as I was  hired I was put in  charge of the implementation of  a
   major accounting system with deadlines like tomorrow which meant  plenty
   of overtime and lots of problems.  In addition management was overseeing
   all aspects of the  project with a microscope.   One day while going  to
   corporate headquarters  with Mary  I noticed  her deeply  slit skirt had
   opened up while she was driving and exposed her legs to her upper thigh.
   I was delighted by the site of her creamy thighs and was quick to notice
   she wore a garter belt and nylons rather than the conventional pantyhose
   worn by most business  women.  As we drove  along her skirt opened  more
   and more reveling her legs further and further.  I could not resist  the
   temptation to stare and eventually Mary caught me ogling her great legs.
   Looking directly at me Mary asked how she measured up, Stammering a  bit
   I  replied  great  from  where  I  was  sitting, Mary smiled but made no
   attempt to cover herself.  By the time we had reached our destination  I
   had developed quit a hard-on which as I am fairly well endowed was  very
   visible as we walked across the crowed parking area.  I could tell  Mary
   had  checked  me  out  and  was  at least comfortable with my excitement
   because she made no effort to rebuke me for my voyeuristic enjoyment.

   The meeting  went well  and Mary  complemented me  for my  hard work and
   skill full handling of the interminable questions which arose during the
   meeting.  I was a bit nervous  about the drive back and the  meeting was
   the last thing on my mind.  When  we reached the car Mary handed me  the
   keys and asked me to drive as we left the parking lot Mary was adjusting
   her position so she could face  me and began to discuss the  meeting, as
   there was lots of traffic and I was driving a strange car I did not look
   at Mary as she spoke.  Once I was out on the highway I turned to  answer
   her and saw that she was sitting half facing me with her left leg tucked
   under her right leg.   Her dress was wide  open and Mary wasn't  wearing
   any panties.  I almost  lost it as I  gazed at her bushy  cunt which was
   opened slightly  showing her  deep pink  cunt lips  and the  hint of her
   erect clit.  Moving my gaze up I could see her erect nipples outlined in
   her white silk blouse and finally a look of lust as her eyes met mine in
   a long stare.  Not  wanting to seem upset  I remarked that she  was very
   attractive and that we should go to more meetings together.  Mary  asked
   me if I had a problem with what  she was doing and if it bothered me  to
   see her  like this  being as  she was  my boss.   I told Mary outside of
   giving me a raging  hard-on I didn't have  any discomfort in looking  at
   naked willing women boss or no  boss.  I continued saying that I  didn't
   want any special treatment at work but would like to continue seeing her
   on a private basis.

   As we chatted I  found out Mary had  three children like myself  and was
   divorced and lonely.   By the time  we had reached  our destination Mary
   had cum twice once by her own hand and once by mine.  As we were getting
   back very late it was dark  when we pulled into the company  parking lot
   and Mary asked me to sit a while with her.  Moving my hand to her breast
   Mary pulled up her blouse and undid  her bra as I fondled her full  tits
   and pulled at her hard erect nipples.  Working her hand to my cock  Mary
   undid my pants and puled out  my stiff prick.  Mary was very  pleased at
   my thick 10" dick and moved  over taking the entire length down  her hot
   throat.  Mary  sucked my  cock as  I fondled  her full  swollen tits and
   rammed my fingers up her sopping pussy finally I could not hold out  any
   longer and began to shoot my load deep into her throat filling her mouth
   and throat  with my  sperm.  Mary  really loved  it swallowing my entire
   load deep in her throat.  Not withdrawing Mary continued to suck my cock
   while guiding my  hand further between  her legs and  forcing two of  my
   fingers up her hot slippery anus.  Mary reached her third climax as  she
   was drinking my sperm for the  second time while I was wantonly  pumping
   my fingers  up her  slippery slit  and asshole.   Resting a  minute Mary
   suggested we  needed to  go home  but asked  me to  come to her house on
   Saturday to get better acquainted.   I quickly agreed we needed  to meet
   on a more private basis and told her I would be there Saturday.

   As Saturday approached I grew more  and more excited at the prospect  of
   screwing Mary and by the time I was knocking at her door I already had a
   raging erection.  To my surprise I was greeted not by Mary but by her 18
   year old  daughter who  put Mary  to shame  as far  as desirability  was
   concerned.  To my further  amazement Nancy, Mary's daughter  was dressed
   in a short white silk nightgown which showed off her full ripe tits  and
   firm nipples and barely  covered her slim hips.   Nancy asked me in  and
   lead me thru the house to the kitchen where Mary was.  During journey  I
   could not take my eyes off Nancy's slim smooth legs and fantastic  tits.
   As I entered the room  Mary came to me and  put her arm around my  waist
   and gave me a kiss forcing her tongue into my mouth.  A little surprized
   I just  stood there  as her  daughter looked  me over.   To my amazement
   Nancy joined us and gave me a kiss followed by kissing her mother  while
   she placed her  hand on my  now rock hard  cock.  Nancy pulled  back and
   complement her mother on finding a  good stud as she bent down  to unzip
   my pants.  As Nancy pulled out my 10" cock and proceeded to give me head
   as she pushed  her hand up  under Mary's skirt  and began to  finger her
   mothers cunt.  Not wanting  to be a wet  blanket I opened Mary's  blouse
   and began to suck her tits and her stiff pink nipples.  The  combination
   of events had me totally stimulated and I began to shoot a massive  load
   of sperm in Nancy's  mouth and throat.  Nancy  gulped down my first  two
   spurts and  then signaled  her mother  who bend  down never  letting her
   daughters fingers slip from her pussy  and forced my cock deep into  her
   throat milking the rest of my load from my straining prick.  After I had
   been totally drained by  Mary she and Nancy  kissed smearing my load  on
   their faces.   Quickly understanding  the situation  I asked  Mary if we
   three were alone  and if we  could move to  somewhere I could  fuck them
   both.  Mary replied that her son was away at college but her 16 year old
   daughter Tracy was due back any  minute and was planning to join  us.  I
   though I had  died and gone  to heaven as  we moved our  party to Mary's
   bedroom.

   The girls led the way as I followed close behind, going up the stairs  I
   noticed both Mary  and Nancy had  no panties on  and both their  pussies
   were dripping wet.  I moved  quickly pushing two fingers up  their cunts
   as we ascended  the stairs to  Mary's bedroom.  Once  inside I suggested
   the girls let me strip each of them one by one and then they could  gang
   up on  me.  Both  Mary and  Nancy liked  that idea  and Mary asked me to
   start with her daughter first  and hoped her other daughter  Traci would
   be back before their turn to strip me.  I had not put my cock back in my
   pants and it was now standing at attention its full 10" stiff as a board
   waiting to fuck mother and daughters.   Mary layed back on the bed  as I
   moved Nancy to the center of  the room to strip her.  Mary  looked great
   as she relaxed on the bed with her skirt hiked up and blouse open  fully
   exposing  her  pink  cunt  lips  erect  clit and nipples.  Mary began to
   stimulate herself by ramming two fingers into her cunt and squeezing her
   right tit and pulling the erect  nipple.  I began with Nancy by  kissing
   her and fondling her full tits  through the thin silk of her  nightgown,
   her erect nipples were stiff and hot even thru the material of the  gown
   and  I  moved  one  hand  down  to  caress  her firm ass and bushy cunt.
   Reaching down I grabbed the hem  of her gown and slowly raised  it above
   her head exposing her slim  voluptuous figure.  She was beautiful  and I
   quickly took her firm tit in my mouth circling her stiff nipple with  my
   tongue as I ran  my hand down her  lith torso to her  flat belly.  Nancy
   reached down and took my throbbing  cock in her hand as I  slowly pushed
   two fingers  up her  juicy cunt  and began  to bite  and suck  her stiff
   nipples as I rubbed  her erect clit with  my thumb and probed  her tight
   slit with my fingers.  I felt her shake as her first orgasm hit her  and
   I move down her belly kissing  and tonguing as I descended to  her sweet
   slit.  Nancy began to squeeze her own breasts and pull her erect nipples
   as I spread her pink cunt lips exposing her hardened clit to my  tongue.
   Finally I buried my mouth in her  sweet cunt and began to lick and  suck
   her clit as I rammed my fingers  up her cunt and inserted a finger  into
   her throbbing anus.  This was too  much for her and Nancy began  to come
   again flooding my face with her sweet juices.  This was all Nancy  could
   take and she began to collapse in  my arms.  Moving her to the bed  Mary
   helped me lay  her naked daughter  next to her  and began to  fondle her
   daughter moving down to tongue Nancy's slippery snatch.

   I started to move Mary off the  bed to strip her but she stopped  me and
   asked me to do Traci next, looking to the doorway behind me I saw a tall
   slim brunette leaning against the door, she had obviously come in  while
   I had my mouth buried in Nancy's cunt.  She was a bit plainer than Nancy
   but had a  great figure for  a 16 year  old and was  watching her mother
   lick her sisters cunt.  Traci was  already hot and had raised her  short
   skirt pulled back the crotch of her panties and was rubbing her clit and
   fingering her pussy with one hand  while the other was stuffed up  under
   her sweater massaging her tits.  Moving to her side I pulled her fingers
   out of her sopping cunt and licked her juices from them placing her  wet
   hand around my cock.  Traci moaned  and pulled my hard dick as  I kissed
   her and began to fondle her tits.  Pulling her to the center of the room
   I removed her sweater exposing her  firm young tits held only by  a thin
   silk bra.   Traci's nipples  were hard  as a  rock and  she moaned  as I
   pulled at them thru her bra.   I reached behind her and undid  her skirt
   letting it slip to the ground as I rubbed her pantied twat.  Traci  move
   in closer and began to rub the  head of my cock against the soft  smooth
   flesh of her inner thigh as I  removed her bra and cupped her firm  tits
   bring my mouth  to her right  nipple.  I sucked  and bit her  stiff pink
   nipples then moved down between the  tits along her flat belly until  my
   tongue reached the tops of  her panties.  Reaching behind her  I grabbed
   her firm ass  cheeks and pulled  her tight into  my face, reaching  up I
   slowly pulled her panties down exposing her moist pussy and pulled  them
   and her skirt from  around her legs.  Licking  my way back up  her inner
   thighs I spread her legs opened her cunt lips and began to lick and suck
   her sweet clit.  Traci began to  buck against my mouth now and  I slowly
   pushed my finger up her tight cunt  as I continued to suck and lick  her
   erect pink clit.  Looking  up I could see  her massaging her firm  young
   tits and pulling  at her erect  nipples, sensing she  was near orgasm  I
   remove my now well  lubed finger and pushed  it up her anus  as I forced
   two more fingers up her cunt.  This did it and Traci began to twitch and
   moan out her pleasure in a  powerful orgasm.  Traci like her sister  was
   unable to stand after her climax and I brought her over to the bed where
   Nancy and  her mother  were sitting  as they  probed each others swollen
   cunts and watched the show.  Both Mary and Nancy rubbed and licked Traci
   until she had  regained some measure  of reality ending  their work with
   both their mouths working Traci's fragrant twat.

   While they had been  working on Traci I  had pulled up Mary's  skirt and
   had managed to force two fingers deeply up her sopping cunt as I  rubbed
   her clit with my thumb.  This  made Mary extremely hot and I  pulled her
   off the bed and began my last stripping.  Making Mary face her daughters
   I pulled off  her now open  blouse and cupped  her tits and  twisted her
   nearly inch long erect  nipples as Nancy and  Traci looked on.  I  could
   tell they were enjoying the show as they were lying back finger  fucking
   each others  cunts and  rubbing their  own tits.   Bringing my attention
   back to Mary I undid her wrap  skirt and pulled it off exposing her  wet
   cunt and pink  pussy lips.  Spreading  her legs I  pushed my stiff  cock
   between her wet vaginal lips until  the head appeared in front and  Mary
   reached down pushing the head of my cock deeper into her cunt lips as  I
   dry humped  her from  behind.  Moving  around I  began to  suck and lick
   Mary's erect  nipples as  I forced  two fingers  up her  throbbing cunt.
   Descending Mary's delicious  frame I licked  and sucked until  I reached
   her hot throbbing cunt and spreading  her legs I began to suck  and lick
   her erect  inflamed clit  easing a  finger up  her tight  cunt and anus.
   Mary was climaxing now and she bucked her hips forcing my fingers deeper
   into  her  cunt  and  asshole  as  she  flooded  my face with her juice.
   Deciding Mary should rate some extra  attention I bent her over so  that
   her  hands  were  on  the  floor  and  spread her ass cheeks from behind
   exposing her cunt and anus.  Licking her puckered anus I began to tongue
   fuck her asshole while I  probed her cunt with three  fingers stretching
   her tight pussy  open for her  daughters to see.   About two minutes  of
   this  action  had  Mary  cumming  again  and her slick juices poured out
   covering my hand and wetting her legs.  Helping Mary to the bed I placed
   her between her daughters and told  them to pleasure her.  I watched  as
   both  girls  began  to  suck  their  mothers  full breasts and tease her
   nipples with their teeth  as they each sank  two fingers up her  sopping
   slit and rubbed her big clit between their thumbs.  Mary still had  some
   life in her  and responded by  reaching between both  her daughters legs
   and pushing  her fingers  up their  cunts and  assholes as  she massaged
   their swollen clits  with her thumbs.   All three came  in a torrent  of
   squeals and moans and sank back into the bed over-come with pleasure.

   As we were resting the girls noticed I was still fully dressed and  only
   my cock was exposed and as yet  had not been put to the test  except for
   in Nancy and Mary's mouths.  Mary got up and took me by the hand leading
   me to the center  of the room and  began to remove my  pants.  Nancy and
   Traci joined her and Nancy began removing my shirt and rubbing her  firm
   tits and stiff  nipples into my  chest while Traci  stood behind me  and
   reached around  grabbing my  fully erect  cock while  pressing her young
   firm tits into my back.  Mary  knelt down and started deep throating  my
   cock as Traci spread my ass  cheeks and began to tongue my  anus.  Nancy
   joined her mother and  took both of my  balls in her mouth  setting up a
   firm sucking action that drove me crazy.  Between the site of the  girls
   going  at  me  and  the  steady  pressure  of Traci's finger entering my
   asshole I could not hold off my climax any longer and began to shoot  my
   load deep in Mary's  throat.  Mary took my  first shot then pinched  off
   the flow of sperm until Nancy had my cock in her mouth then released the
   pressure until I had  given Nancy a taste  of my cum.  Traci  begged for
   some of my load and pushed her head between my legs taking my cock  deep
   into her throat and draining the rest of my sperm deep into her throat.

   Drained by  this encounter  I moved  to the  bed and  layed down with my
   still erect  cock standing  proudly in  the air.   Mary motioned  to her
   daughters to join  her on the  bed and they  surrounded me and  began to
   give me head again.  As soon as  my dick was fully erect again Mary  and
   Nancy helped Traci mount my  raging cock.  Nancy held her  sisters pussy
   open while her mother held my throbbing cock in position and Traci eased
   herself down until my  full 10" was firmly  imbedded up her tight  cunt.
   Mary helped Traci establish a  smooth slow stroking action which  caused
   my cock  to be  repeatedly sheathed  and unsheathed  by her slippery hot
   slit.  Once Traci had  the motion down and  was on her way  to a massive
   orgasm Mary told Nancy to  sit on my face so  I could eat her pussy  and
   tongue fuck her hot hole.  Moving to help Nancy her mother held open her
   pink cunt as I began to slip  my tongue up her sweet twat as  I fingered
   her hot anus and licked and sucked her protruding erect clit.  Mary  now
   positioned herself  between her  daughters and  began to  tongue Traci's
   clit as Nancy probed her mothers cunt, anus and clit with her mouth  and
   fingers.  About 5 minutes of this setup was all we could take and  Nancy
   started to  climax first  filling my  mouth with  her sweet pussy juice.
   Traci was next and  her orgasm was signaled  by a loud scream  that rang
   thru the house.  Mary the woman of the group came as I began to pump  my
   load up her  younger daughters vise  like cunt and  flooded Nancy's face
   with her pungent pussy juice.  I filled Traci's cunt with my cream until
   my  sperm  overflowed  her  tight  twat  and  her  mother  licked up the
   overflow.

   To my delight my cock remained rock hard and once the girls noticed this
   they were on me again.  This  time Mary and Traci helped Nancy  to mount
   my stiff prick with Mary again  holding my dick in position while  Traci
   spread her sisters pink swollen cunt lips to receive my throbbing  cock.
   Nancy seemed a bit  more experienced at fucking  and as soon as  she had
   the head of my cock clamped between the slick hot walls of her cunt  she
   rammed herself down reaming  her tight twat with  my 10" pole.  I  could
   feel additional pressure on my straining cock and looking down saw  that
   Mary had forced  two fingers up  her daughter Nancy's  hot anus and  was
   massaging my cock thru Nancy's anal wall.  Mary removed her fingers from
   Nancy's asshole and  proceeded to have  Traci help her  sit on my  face.
   Mary instructed  her younger  daughter to  spread her  cunt lips as Mary
   lowered her pussy to my waiting  mouth.  Once I had my tongue  firmly up
   Mary's hot twitching slit Mary had her daughter assume the position Mary
   had taken earlier.   What I hadn't  noticed was that  Mary had gotten  a
   large rough vibrator  and a slim  anal probe and  was intent on  working
   these toys  up her  daughters cunt  and asshole.   I watched intently as
   Mary licked the remaining cum from her daughter Traci's cunt and  slowly
   pushed the anal probe deeply into her daughters sopping cunt wetting  it
   with the remains of my sperm and Traci's pussy juice.  Mary then  spread
   Traci's  firm  ass  cheeks  and  slowly  pushed the entire length up her
   daughters anus bringing on moans  of pleasure from Traci.  Nancy  in the
   meantime had set up a steady pounding rhythm on my cock and was  ramming
   my thick  rod up  her tight  cunt until  the head  of my dick rammed her
   womb.  Mary now  turned on the  vibrator and pushed  it up Traci's  cunt
   until only  an inch  of its  8" length  protruded from  her swollen cunt
   lips.  Mary  then started  ramming the  toys in  and out  of Traci's hot
   holes with a fast rhythmic beat.  Nancy was in seventh heaven by now and
   was oblivious to  anything but my  pounding cock and  her sister Traci's
   hot tongue.  With a fast flurry of strokes Nancy reached orgasm flooding
   my cock and balls  with he sticky juice.   The taste of her  sisters cum
   and the insistent pounding of  the anal probe and rampaging  vibrator in
   her  cunt  and  asshole  forced  Traci  over  the edge and she came hard
   flooding her mother's face with  her juice.  Watching this was  too much
   for me and I began to fire my load up Nancy's cunt as her powerful pussy
   muscles milked the hot sperm from my cock and balls.  Seeing me cum  and
   thrust my hips and cock  further up her daughter Nancy's  twitching slit
   brought on  a massive  orgasm for  Mary and  I moved  quickly to further
   intensify her pleasure by biting her clit as I forced two fingers up her
   anus.  Mary covered my face with her juices and I continued to suck  and
   bite her clit and  ream her anus until  the last vestige of  our orgasms
   had faded.

   Nancy climbed off my now wilted cock and offered her cum stained cunt to
   her mother and sister who sucked and licked her cummy snatch until  they
   had devoured most  of my sperm  and Nancy's cunt  juices.  Watching this
   display stirred new life  into my fading cock  and I suggested to  Nancy
   and Traci that they suck my cock so I could pump it up their mothers hot
   twat.  The  both agreed  this was  only fair  as they  had enjoyed it so
   much.  Nancy and Traci took up positions on each side of me and began to
   suck and lick my cock to a new erection.  Their cunts and assholes  were
   delicious to watch  as they worked  their magic on  my flagging erection
   sucking my semi hard cock deep into their throats with each dip of their
   heads.  Mary  was up  to tricks  and moved  in on  her daughters exposed
   cunts with a vibrator in each  hand and began to ream her  daughters hot
   cunts with  the vibrators  as she  alternated between  them licking  and
   tonguing their assholes.  I  was able to reach  Mary's cunt and ass  and
   started eating her pussy while I reamed her anus with the anal probe she
   had worked Traci's asshole with.  Just as Nancy and Traci reached orgasm
   Mary climaxed too and this brought me to full erection.

   Traci  was  the  first  to  notice  my  thick hard cock standing at full
   erection  and  she  told  her  mother  to  get  ready  for the fuck of a
   lifetime.  Nancy said "come over and sit on this hard cock I want to see
   the whole 10" ramming  in and out of  your tight pussy".  Responding  to
   her  daughters  ardent  plea  Mary  rose  up  and  position herself in a
   squatting position directly  over my stiff  prick.  Traci held  open her
   mothers swollen cunt lips exposing her slippery pink cunt hole as  Nancy
   forced two  of her  slim fingers  deep into  her mothers  throbbing anus
   while holding my pulsing dick in position to ram deep into Mary's pussy.
   Mary slowly move down on my  big cock savoring the feeling of  each inch
   as it forced her  cunt open and probed  her hot tight pussy.   Once Mary
   had engulfed the entire  length of my raging  cock she set up  a furious
   pounding rhythm  ramming me  deep up  her slit  with each stroke.  Nancy
   pushed hard on my dick thru her mothers throbbing anus as she repeatedly
   thrust her fingers  deep up her  mothers twitching asshole.   Traci move
   back over my face and reaching down spread her musky pink twat giving me
   access to her wet pink hole  and stiff swollen clit.  I began  to tongue
   fuck that delicious 16 year old cunt as I eased two fingers up her  well
   lubricated anus.  Nancy move in  between Mary and Traci making  her cunt
   and  asshole  available  to  Traci  while  tonguing her mothers clit and
   reaching  around  to  finger  fuck  Mary's asshole.  Meanwhile Traci had
   forced the vibrator and anal probe up her sisters well lubricated  holes
   and  was  licking  and  sucking  her  protruding  erect  clit.   All the
   attention took its toll  on Mary and she  began to climax hard  and fast
   flooding my  cock and  balls and  Nancy's mouth  with her thick slippery
   juice.  Mary was like a woman possessed and she kept up her torrid  pace
   despite her orgasm  pounding her stretched  cunt onto my  stiff cock.  I
   could tell Traci  was close to  climax and she  shivered noticeably each
   time I ran my  tongue over her stiff  pink clit.  Nancy began  to climax
   and the taste of her  cunt juice set Traci off  to and I sucked hard  on
   Traci's stiff clit until I felt her warm juices run down my face.  Traci
   was now gently lapping her  sisters throbbing holes as Mary  reached her
   second climax clamping down on my cock with such force that I too  began
   to cum sending a torrent of sperm up Mary's tight clutching cunt.   Mary
   fell back on the bed nearly incoherent as her daughters spread her  legs
   and sucked and licked her satisfied  cunt licking out my load of  sticky
   white sperm.  Seeing that my rod had again remained hard I moved up  and
   began to finger fuck Traci's and Nancy's cunts and dilated assholes with
   my fingers keeping them worked up.

   After a bit of rest Mary told  me that there were three holes I  had yet
   to pleasure and turned to me offering me her hot asshole.  I told her  I
   would try but  I may not  be able to  do them all  and suggested I start
   with Traci.  Moving Traci  to a position on  all fours in the  middle of
   the bed I instructed  Mary to lie beneath  her youngest daughter and  to
   eat and lick her pussy.  I next brought Nancy around and had her hold my
   cock to her  sisters anus as  I slowly pushed  my 10" inch  by inch into
   Traci's twitching asshole.  Once I was fully up Traci's ass I had  Nancy
   take the vibrator  and do the  same to her  mothers asshole while  Traci
   Licked and sucked her mothers cunt  and clit.  I began pounding my  cock
   in  and  out  of  Traci's  hot  tight  anus until Traci came with a rush
   flooding her mothers face with her juice, after which I filled her tight
   little asshole with  a load of  my sperm.  After  withdrawing my cock  I
   pushed Traci's  quivering ass  down on  Mary's face  letting her suck my
   load of cum from her  daughters asshole.  Traci replaced her  mother and
   Nancy took the  doggy position as  I reamed Nancy's  anus with my  stiff
   prong bringing her to climax in short order and filling her little  butt
   with my cream.  We repeated this  scene with Mary in the doggy  position
   and Nancy below until I  had successfully filled all the  girls assholes
   with my stiff cock and lubed their rears with my sperm.

   We were all  tired and totally  fucked out and  rested a while  before I
   showered  and  left  a  totally  satisfied  man.   This relationship has
   continued and I regularly get  together with Mary and her  daughters for
   some all out sucking and  fucking sessions.  In addition both  Nancy and
   Traci  have  introduced  me  to  some  of  their  friends  and  Mary has
   introduced me to a number of her  friends who also like to get it  on so
   I'm always in demand.


