Archive-name: Affairs/bbw.txt
Archive-author: Mark
Archive-title: With a BBW


The following is a mostly true story, written by me, posted by me through the
wonderful anon server.

I'd been calling this BBS for quite some time.  It's an adult BBS which
caters mainly to the gay population.  There are, however, a number
of bisexual men and women who subscribe to the board as well.
I had just gotten done browsing the profiles to see if I could find someone
compatible to at least chat with.  I went through the list and sent off a nice
mail message to everyone who looked promising.
The next morning, there were several replies.  One in particular caught my
eye, it was from someone who's handle was BBW.
"Mark, I read your message and just had to respond.  Thank you so
much for your interest.  Since you read my profile, you know a little
about me.  Let me tell you more, since you may not remember right away.
I am 22, 5'10", 225lbs, long blonde hair, blue eyes, large breasted, and bi.
I hope you are not turned off by big women.  I understand how you could
be.  Let me assure you that I keep myself squeaky clean and expect the
same from whomever I'm with.  Write back to me soon, Sharon."

We exchanged mail for quite some time, getting progressively hotter.  I'd
never been with so large a woman before and found the thought exciting.
I'm 6'4" and about 250lbs, not skinny, but not fat.  All physical things aside,
I found Sharon's letters to be quite exciting.  We took it to the next logical
step, we started phoning each other.

My God, her voice.  Within seconds, my cock was straining to get out!
I was amazed!  I'd never been turned on that much before just by someone's
voice.  Sharon and I talked on the phone quite a bit, usually bringing 
each other to climax at least once during the call.
I found out that she was married to a bi-sexual man.  That didn't bother me, so
long as he knew about us before it went any further.  She gave me his
handle on the board and we chatted one afternoon.  He suggested we
get together for a threesome after Sharon and I had time to play together.
I told him that I would consider it.

Speaking of meeting, Sharon and I had been planning to meet for weeks
but something would always come up.  She lived almost 70 miles from me
but worked almost halfway between us.  Finally, she suggested a hotel
not far from where she worked.  She would go in that morning and leave
early, pretending to be sick.  We agreed to meet at a Denny's, of all places,
so that either of us could decide we didn't want to go through with it.

I left well before I had to be there, anxious to finally meet my lover. I waited
and drank cup after cup of coffee.  Finally, she arrived, just a little late.
I could tell it was her both by what she was wearing and her size.
I got up to greet her.
"Sharon?  I'm Mark.  It's so nice to finally meet you in person."
We kissed gently and I knew I needed to sit down before everyone in
the place saw my erection.
We sat there and talked as we ate lunch.  Our eyes boring into each other's.
Several times during the meal, I reached over the stroke her hand.  She told
me that she had been so nervous about this that she almost didn't come in.
She had sat in the car for almost half and hour.  THAT explained her lateness!
I asked her if she had any doubts now.  She replied by calling for the check.
She followed me over to the motel in her car and waited there as I checked us
in.  Once in the room, we put the DO NOT DISTURB sign out and locked the door.

In many cases where passion has built up over a long period of time, I've
found sex to be a hurried thing; grasping, grunting, groaning.  With Sharon and
I it was lovemaking.
We kissed for what seemed like hours.  Her lips were so sweet, her tongue so
agile.  I felt certain I would come without her touching me there.
Somehow, her blouse was off and I was caressing her large breasts through
this silky slip she was wearing.  Her nipples were hard buttons under my
fingers.  As I gently pinched each one, she sighed into my open mouth.
I was enthralled by her breasts, I continued to kneed them and play with
her nipples as we passionately kissed.  I then broke our kiss to take one
nipple in my mouth through the silk as my hands began to kneed her large
ass cheeks through her skirt.  After a very short time at this, she began to
whimper and shake.  As I nibbled on her nipple, she cried out and came!
Since her legs would no longer support her, we laid down on the bed.
She rested there for a bit as we kissed slowly, then sat up to remove her
clothing.  Yes, she was large.  An unkind man might say fat.  But to me,
with the passion and love in her eyes, she was beautiful.
She then started to undress me, kissing me everywhere she removed
clothing from.  When she got to my cock I warned her that I couldn't last
long.  She gave it one loving lick with her tongue and continued down.
She lifted my butt off the bed and began tonguing my crack!  I couldn't
believe how strong and agile her tongue was!  She had me squirming in
no time!  Then in one move, she lowered my butt back down (keeping a
hand there for later) and took my cock into her mouth.  It was like a hot
wet vacuum there.  I was brought right to the edge almost instantly.   When
she probed my ass with one finger, finding my prostrate, I came gallons!
She drank it all down.  Not one drop escaped her lips, at least until we
kissed.  Then she shared my seed with me.
Kissing her and feeling her hot, soft body next to mine brought me back
to hardness quickly.  However, I had to taste her pussy before anything
else.  I dove for her and attacked her dripping cunt with a frenzy.
I'd worried a bit about odor and taste.  I needn't have.  She was as fresh
and clean as she had promised she would be, plus she was nearly
hairless!  She had told me that  she likes to keep her hair closely
trimmed there.  It was a new experience for me, eating a woman with
almost no pubic hair to get in the way.
She had the largest clit I'd ever seen.  It was like a little penis sticking out
hard and hot.  I wrapped my lips around it and flicked my tongue over it
and she almost screamed.  In seconds I had her in orgasm after orgasm.
Breathlessly, she said,
"Mark, please!  I want your cock in me, please."
I've always believed it's impolite to make someone beg, so I moved up to
prepare to enter her.  She turned over and got on her knees saying that
it is often easier that way.  I didn't mind.
She was still coming as I entered her and having my cock in her didn't
make her let up any.
As I pushed deeper, I was rewarded by her continuing moans of pleasure.
Her large ass was in the air before me, so I began to explore that as we
made love.  I got my hand wet from the copious fluids she was leaking and
began to insert fingers into her asshole.  With 3 in, I knew I could possibly
do more, but she seemed to be enjoying herself enough as it.
After a very strong shudder, Sharon asked me to put my cock up her ass.
Since I was already well lubricated, I did so quickly.  Once inside, I knew I
would not be able to last long, she had far better control of her muscles there
than she did in her pussy.  I felt like I was being milked dry!
With a low roar, I started to come.  I felt it rushing out and my hot sperm
splattering inside her.
Afterwards , we lay side by side, panting.  After some time, we got up and
showered together, the soapy water and gentle hands providing us with
another excuse to make love yet again.

--
