
                           A B&D Dinner - Part 2 of 3
                           --------------------------


  At any rate, it was Friday night again and the evening's "gig", as we
sometimes called it, was about to begin.  This time no change in choices were
made and the drawing was at random.  It was simple - four cards were dealt for
each "round".  High was "Master" - Low was "Slave".  There was no preference
in selection as to sex - I had already learned that the homosexual aspect
could be imposed added to the control of the humiliation aspect and therefore
the thrill.  Nor was there any true guarantee that roles would not be
duplicated, since each round was drawn separately.  Conceivably, one unlucky
person could end up as the "Slave" for three different people for one night,
although obviously the odds were all against that.

  The first drawing Jill found herself the "Slave" to Mary, a role that she
had reason to be apprehensive about, considering the way she had tormented
Mary the previous weekend.  Nevertheless, the show goes on.  We retired to
take turns showering, returning to the den with drinks in hand getting ready
to begin.  Robert had already gotten the "toys" out and they were spread out
by Mary who was obviously trying to decide how best to begin Jill's ordeal.

  "Well, I guess it's time we get started," said Mary as she walked over to
the seated blonde, took the drink out of her hand and led her to the center of
the den.  She put a leather trainer cock gag in Jill's mouth and fastened in
back of her neck with an attaching collar and straps.

  The straps of the harness surrounded Jill's head and part of her face and
were arranged so as to spread the ball gag deep into her open and waiting
mouth.  Jill was starting to suffer total humiliation now.

  Mary then began to slowly and seductively undress her victim that was
arousing to us all and surely causing some Jill further embarrassment. She
unbuttoned the helpless blonde's blouse but took time to massage her breasts
through the bra, squeezing and kneading the twin mounds cruelly. Jill moaned
from under her gag. Mary reached behind Jill to unfasten the bra and zipped it
away to reveal Jill's full breasts. The nipples had already hardenned from the
attention they received. "Look at the SLUT!," said Mary as she again tweaked
the tips of her nipples roughly," she turns on like a Bitch in heat when you
play with her tits!" She continued to undress Jill, unfastening the skirt,
letting it drop to the floor and leaving the handcuffed blonde standing in the
middle of the room in her panties, half open blouse and disheveled bra.

  Mary reached down and began to slowly massage Jill's pussy through her
panties, cupping her hand over the mound and rubbing along Jill's love lips.
She paused only long enough to peel Jill's panties down, telling her to step
out of them, leaving the girl completely exposed below the waist. "Spread your
legs Slut!" ordered Mary. Jill obeyed, spreading her legs as far as she was
able without losing her balance.

  Mary began to play with Jill's pussy while the blonde's legs were spread,
giving us an in depth description she went on. "Jill has a tight pussy for the
Slut that she is, and she loves to have it toyed with". She no more than
touched it; it was dripping wet. "She enjoys finger fucking as you can see
already". And sure enough as Mary had one and then two fingers inside her
slit, Jill began to rotate her hips almost voluntarily as a result of the
stimulation of her sex.

  "She seems to enjoy this, but I don't think she'll be as happy when I use a
short whip on her pussy later on".  "Well on to more interesting things," said
Mary. "I think we'll warm little Jill up with a couple of our toys, and then
see just how obedient she really is". She led Jill over to the same chair that
she herself had been fastened over and in like manner tied Jill's feet wide
apart to the back legs. She removed the handcuffs so that Jill's clothes would
be completely removed, then refastened them behind her back. Jill was forced
forward and stretched by a strap threaded through her collar and pulled down
to the front of the chair. To increase her discomfort her hands were pulled up
tight by a short strap connected to the back of her collar.

  After she had the her securely fastened, Mary with obvious enjoyment
continued her humiliation in front of us. Stepping behind the helpless
blonde's she began to torment Jill's cruelly exposed vulva - alternating
between gentle caresses and the cruel twisting of her poutting pussy.

  The way that Jill was fastened left her wide open to this unwelcome position
- her legs were fastened so widely apart that the lips of her pussy were in
fact beginning to gape on their own. From time to time Mary interrupted her
caressing to grasp a lip of her pussy between a thumb and forefinger of each
hand and pull them wide apart, clearly exposing the innermost lips and pink
flesh of her wanton vulva.

  The whole thing was a turn on, simply because of the humiliation Jill had to
be experiencing at having her sex so intimately exposed and so handled in
front of Robert and myself while she was fastened helplessly in a wide open
position that left her completely vulnerable. Mary began the girl's torment in
earnest by fastening a wooden clothespin on each of her obscenely exposed
labia lips, and on each of her now large and engorged nipples.

  "We must get Jill all clean and pretty now!" said Mary as she removed the
clothespins.

  Mary produced a razor and can of shaving cream and then began washing Jill's
V-crotch and with warm water, getting her skin all soft and ready for shaving.
"Were going to get that pussy all neat and shaved clean for Richard," said
Mary. She began by smearing the cream all over Jill's pussy. With the
precision of a master barber she then began to shave all of Jill's pussy
removing all of her glisenting thick pubic hair. "I want you to be especially
clean for Richard tonite," she said. She shaved the blonde clean leaving not a
hair in sight. Jill's pussy was bald and her skin was soft to the touch. Mary
then finished her off by tonguing her first with only light licks up and down
her pussy and then by blowing on her clit and vulva. The effect was indeed
magical, as I could actually see Jill's clitoris swell and rise until it was
hard and erect. Her clit had protruded away from both the inner lips until it
was moving and pulsating outward with each deep breath she took.

  She unfastened the neck strap and then slipped off the gag by blatantly
sliding the cock in and out of Jill's mouth. It was like Jill was performing
fellatio on the gag.

  Jill stood up straight and as Mary fully removed the gag, much to her
relief. But before she untied her legs, Mary now fastened Jill into the leg
spreader bar, which had the effect of spreading her ankles three or four feet
apart. She then untied Jill's legs from the table and hobbled her over to the
low table at the other side of the room.

  "Jill hates to have her titties whipped," said Mary as she picked up a short
whip with silken thongs. "This little whip may not look like much" she said,
"but on a girl's breasts it feels like liquid fire, although it can't do any
real damage". "Jill has always hated it, especially when I concentrate on the
nipples and the underside of her breasts."  "Isn't that so Jill?" Jill grimly
answered in the affirmative, resigned to the fact that her breasts were going
to be subjected to punishment at the hands of Mary and that cute little whip.
"But I'm going to give you a chance to save your pretty tits from a little
punishment," said Mary. I'm going to let you play with yourself in front of
Robert and Richard, and the faster you make yourself come, the sooner I stop
whipping your possible. You get one stroke every five seconds until you come
and then I stop. "Oh please moaned Jill - I can't come in front of Richard and
Robert. Please don't make me do that!" The whip sliced down on Jill's right
breast, the thongs flattening the nipple and making the breast bounce and
shudder, bringing a gasp of pain from Jill. "You'd better get started, or your
tits will ache for a month," said Mary as she swatted the whip down to make
the left breast share the right's agony.

  Now I could appreciate the ingenuity of the position Mary had fastened the
blonde into. Jill could not move to avoid the whip; her body was stretched so
that her breasts were most prominent and most important, her right hand,
chained to the belt was such that while she could not use her hand to shield
her breasts, she could reach her widely exposed pussy as the whip struck her
right breast for the third time, Jill reached between her legs and began to
massage her inflammed labia. First, playing her fingers only on the outside,
but soon spreading the outer lips, working their way to the now exposed
clitoris, which she began playing with. Each time the whip struck one or both
of her breasts she cried out, and increased the tempo of her masturbation.
Finally, wildly rubing her clit with her thumb and with three fingers inserted
in her vagina she managed to achieve an orgasm that brought her ass off the
table and straining herself against the straps holding her down.

  "Not bad Jill - I always knew you were a shameless SLUT," teased Mary as she
lowered the whip. Jill breasts had reddened from the punishment they had
received, but it was obvious that no real damage had been done. "Now for an
instant replay, but this time you get to eat my pussy and wait until your
clitty catches fire again until I come".

  Mary stripped off her slacks and panties, picked up the short leather whip
and brought it whistling down on Jill's shaven mound without further warning.
Jill screamed and writhed in pain as her unprotected pussy received the
snapping thongs. She immediately began licking and sucking Mary's clit which
was presented to her. As Mary straddled her head and as the thongs struck the
poor blonde's vulva the second time, the scream was muffled by Mary's own clit
pressed against Jill's face. Jill feverishly sucked and licked at Mary's clit,
trying to stimulate her swollen clitty as much as possible. The sooner she was
able to bring Mary to orgasm the sooner the torment of her own clit would end.

  Finally Mary shuddered in orgasm and dropped the whip to the floor. Jill
just lay and moaned. I couldn't resist a closer inspection of the tied woman's
labia and as looked I could see several welts over the her swollen pussy lips,
also by the reddened streaks where on several lashes the thongs had found
their way between Jill's pussy lips as Mary had cruelly punished the tender
insides of her vagina.

  After pausing briefly to fix herself a drink and arrange her clothes, Mary
returned to Jill still strapped to the table. "That poor little pussy of yours
has really suffered tonight, but I'm afraid the worst is yet to come". She
unfastened Jill from the table and with the spreader bar still holding her
legs far apart led her to the center of the room once again. With leather
cuffs and a chain running through a pulley fastened to an over head beam Mary
soon had Jill standing helpless on her widely spread feet with her arms
stretched tautly over her head.

  "Don't worry, I won't keep you here long - it's just such a convenient
position to keep you in while I get you properly trussed up. Mary put a length
of narrow chain with links that ended in protruding metal ends.

  No matter what she did she was in considerable pain. Not yet satisfied, Mary
began to sensuously play with the bound Jill's breasts and nipples, licking
and sucking each one in turn. When both nipples swelled she then calmly
fastened a tit clamp onto each one. The two clamps were fastened by a short
lightweight chain, to which a leash was attached. Mary then removed the
spreader bar from Jill's legs, leaving her standing with her hands tightly
pulled up into her back and in obvious pain from the tormenting devices
assailing her breasts and clit. As though by way of demonstration she led Jill
around the room, which was any thing but a pleasant experience for the woman.
Every step she took obviously caused the barbed chain to dig into her already
abused vulva, while any sign of hesitation resulted in a sharp tug on the
leash and in turn the clamps on her swollen nipples. After leading her around
the room several times, Mary removed all devices except the handcuffs, to
Jill's clear relief.

  "Since it looks like I only have a short while left with you, I want you to
share some of the same game you had me play with Richard last weekend," said
Mary. She led Jill to the corner of the room, Robert had built an old
fashioned set of stocks on a type of pedestal. The stock had two hinged pieces
with cutouts for a neck and hands. The level was adjustable on the stand and
before placing Jill into the stocks, Mary lowered the height to almost waist
level. The effect was clear - the prisoner would have to bend over to an
exaggerated degree causing a great deal of strain in the bent over position. I
had to give Mary credit - she didn't miss a trick. She led Jill to the stocks
and before placing her in it, snapped cuffs on her ankles which she then
attached to widely spaced rings in the floor, leaving Jill standing in front
of the stocks with her legs spread wide open.

  As she unfastened Jill's handcuffs she bent her over the open stocks placing
her head and wrists in the cutouts provided, as the top section was lowered
and locked into place. Jill a true sight to behold, as she stood with her legs
widely spread and bent over as far as Mary could get her. Standing behind her
I had a beautiful view of her ass, with her cheeks slightly spread from the
strain, and below, the pouting lips of her vulva were now on display. Her legs
were spread and actually causing her vulva to spread open slightly. Mary
picked up a whip and then casually walked to the front of device so Jill
couldn't see behind her, nor could look at Mary.  "You don't have to have that
cute clit of yours whipped any more, if you just do as I say. If you don't,
I'm sure you won't be doing any loveing for at least a month. Do I make myself
clear?"

  "Oh yes Mistress," said Jill "just tell me what I have to do". "As
explicitly and specifically as you know how you will ask Richard to play with
your tits and pussy.   You will instruct him in detail to provide you with an
appropriate degree of torment. I want you to end up with clamps on your
nipples and the pussy spreader on your pussy as a result of your very specific
and detailed instructions when I tell you to ask for it. Do I make myself
clear?"

  "Yes Mistress - I understand," said Jill.

  "Very well, then begin and I suggest you provide some inducement to Richard
because if he doesn't do what you ask, you still get your sweet little pussy
whipped raw. While it's entirely up to Richard what it will take to make him
help you, I would think a good penis sucking would be a rather minimum
incentive. Get started," she said, and by way of the lash brought the whip
crashing down on Jill's ass in a diagonal stroke that resulted in the tip
nipping the tied blonde's widely exposed vulva and bringing a scream from Jill.

  A single stroke of the whip had the desired effect of inducing instant
cooperation. "Please Richard, come help me avoid having my pussy whipped any
more," implored Jill, clearly without any sarcasm. "Tell me what to do Jill,
and like Mary said, make it worth my while," I replied. I almost felt sorry
for the girl, but as said before, was starting to get into these games.
Besides, there was no doubt that were the roles reversed, and they almost
certainly would be sooner or later, Jill would not be cutting me any slack
either.

  "Please play with my titties and pussy the way I ask you to and I'll lick
that gorgeous cock of yours like it's never been sucked before".

  "Sounds o.k to me," I said. As I walked to the front of the stocks I exposed
my  erect  and  throbbing  penis forward to Jill's open and waiting mouth.
She either enjoyed giving head or was in real fear of the torture she would
receive from Mary. Failing to do as she was told, because I couldn't remember
the last time she had sucked my rigidness with so much enthusiasm by fully
engulphing my shaft to the hilt. She sucked hard for a few minutes and I
decided to play the game before coming in Jill's pretty mouth. I withdrew my
penis and walked around behind Jill and the device that held her in place.
"Tell me what you want pretty lady and I'll see what I can do".  "Please
Richard, play with my titties and pussy".

  Mary moved up, unnoticed by Jill and quickly bought the whip accross Jill's
exposed ass. "You'll have to do better than that Bitch!", she hissed. "He
knows he's supposed to play with you - you tell him how!".  Not wanting to
risk another painful stroke of the whip, Jill immediately obeyed.

  "Please Richard, stroke my breasts with the palm of your hand, rub them
gently. Oh yes that feels good," she sighed as I did, lightly rubbing her
dangling breasts with a circular motion, squeezing each nipple hard between my
fingers.

  "Umm, that feels nice," she purred. I felt her nipples harden under my
touch. "Rub the nipples with your fingers," she said, and again she moaned
with pleasure as I did. I slowly ran each finger around both nipples pausing
from time to time to cup a whole breast in my hand, rubbing and stroking. The
effect had Jill breathing more deeply and hard in spite of her strained
position. "Suck them - suck the nipples!", implored Jill. I reacted by
kneeling beside the outstreached blonde and taking first one swollen nipple
and then the other into my mouth. "Run you tongue over them - now flog my
nipples with your tongue!". I wasted no time in doing just that and Jill was
now slowly moving her satisfied ass back and forth in obvious arousal. "Bite
the nipples!", she hissed, "bite them hard!" She groaned as I responded,
taking each each nipple between my teeth and biting down until I thought she
was going to have an orgasm.

  "My Pussy, Please rub my PUSSY!!" she moaned. I did her bidding for her by
reaching behind her and started rubbing her hairless pussy. "Play with the
outside first," she begged, "Rub the moist lips - pull on them - Oh, that
feels so good" she moaned. I took each lip of her vagina between my forefinger
and thumb and pulled them wide apart.

  I began playing with her pussy lips in earnest. I palmed her entire bare
slit, rubbing it slightly from side to side, which she seemed to enjoy judging
by the motions she was making with her outstreached ass. She moaned as I
continued to massage the outside of her unshaven pussy.   "Work your finger in
between the lips now!" she pleaded with me. Once again I needed no further
encouragement as I permitted my middle finger to gradually insinuate itself
between her puffy and slightly pouting love box. The effect was immediate as
she rotated her ass to meet the fingering I gave her and she moaned very
loudly.

  "The Clit - play with my CLIT!" she responded. I reached and found her clit
as hard as a rock and began to arouse it with my fingertip as she strained
against the device holding her, pushing her vulva and clit harder against my
hand. Not wanting to let things get any further out of hand and also wanting
some more pleasure from the bound and stretched blonde I stopped my
exploration of her vulva and walked back around to the front of the stocks
where she could now see me.   "Oh, why did you stop," she asked. Her question
was quickly answered when I silenced her by flicking her nipples as a way of
reminding her of what Mary had told her. "Oh yes, I almost forgot," answered
Jill.

  "Please put the clamps on my titties, put them on as tightly as I can stand.
I did so immediately, first rubbing the strawberry aureolas to their former
state of erection. Jill groaned as the tit clamps tightened down first on one
nipple and then the other. Both nipples were now fully engorged and protruded
from within the clamps. I finished her nipples and picked up the pussy
spreader. "Yes," she gasped in pain as her red nipples were becoming a
purplish color now, "Put the spreader on my pussy, stretch my pussy wide open
- make it Hurt!"

  I fastened the pussy spreader on her exposed labia, as I had done with Mary
during our first session. After fastening each lip securely within the device,
I began turning the screw and watched the blonde woman's pussy begin to gape
and spread obscenely. Jill's gasp at the pain and jerking in her restraints
told me that her labia had almost been stretched to their physical limits.

  I left the nipple clamps in place as I moved back to in front of the stocks
and once again thrust my penis up against her mouth. Instantly she responded,
arching her head as far back as the stocks would allow her head to move and
again took my throbbing member in her mouth.

  I let her keep working at it and was amused to see Mary calmly pick up a
short black tasseled whip and without warning strike the flesh between Jill's
widely spread legs, making the lashes slap on the bound woman's pussy. Next
Mary got a new "toy"- it was a penis-shaped latex dildo. The cock had a
battery operated vibrator located in the base for Jill's pleasure. She rolled
a rubber tickler sleeve over the long shaft. First, she began by touching the
tip of the dildo on Jill's moist slit. Jill began moving her ass in tight
circles. I knew Jill was enjoying the whole thing.  Mary slid the dildo down
along Jill's outstretched clit, and pressed the tip first on one side of
blonde's shaven pussy lip, and then other cunt lip. Jill was now ready and
willing to obey anyone to the buzzing sound of that throbbing vibrator. Mary
proceeded to remove the labia spreader since it was blocking the entrance for
her new "toy".

  Mary lubricated the dildo's shaft to get it all wet and slippery. She didn't
really have to do this because Jill was already oozing her juices down the
insides of her legs. Mary began by inserting only the tip of the dildo into
Jill's sopping wet pussy and rotated the shaft slowly in one direction and
then the other. Then she pushed the dildo with all those pleasure "fingers"
along the sleeve deeper into Jill's waiting and wanting cunt. I had reached
behind Jill's head bringing my cock deeper into her mouth. Now both women were
loudly moaning and groaning from the total ecstacy of this moment. Poor Mary
had already begun fingering herself wildly, getting herself hotter and more
into her role of the Dominatrix. I could tell that she too was badly in need
of cumming.

  The leg spreader had done its job well, spreading Jill's pussy lips wide
apart. Then Mary, the Bitch that she can be, began fucking her with that dildo
slowly at first, and then sliding the vibrator in further and further, as she
violated Jill's vagina.

  "Keep going, Richard, this Bitch can take a lot more COCK!", moaned Mary.
The prickled rubber "fingers" of the latex sleeve were flicking back and forth
on the walls of Jill's vagina as Mary continued working that buzzing dildo
further and further into Jill's gapping cunt.

  Robert had now decided to join into the fray. He slid an inclined type sofa
under Mary's stomach so she was leaning forward and down on her belly with her
legs and pussy spread open. He began by inserting his hard and erect cock and
was fucking her with long strokes doggy-style. I could hear his balls slapping
up against her clit. It didn't take him long to ooze his his juices and cum
all over. Mary was still laying down on an angle on her stomach on the sofa
and still dildoing Jill. Robert slipped his limp dick out of Mary's wet pussy
and then just sat down and watched.

  Jill muffled a cry out around the base of my cock which was already deep in
her mouth sucking it for all she was worth. Again and again, Mary pumped that
dildo in and out of Jill's gapping pussy. The effect as she responded to the
pain was the most best cock sucking experience I've ever had! I exploded into
violent ejaculations sending hot cum deep into Jill's mouth, causing her to
gag while Mary buried that dildo to the hilt. As my orgasm subsided Mary
withdrew the dildo and turned it off and with hesitation untied Jill. Jill
said "I'll bet that's the best head you've ever had".  "It's amazing how
enthusiastic I become when I sucking cock and when I'm getting my pussy
vibrated at the same time".

  "I confess I do even better when Mary fucks my pussy - she seems to have a
better knack for it or I'm more sensitive or something, at any rate with my
legs spread open using that dildo up my pussy it seems as the multiple orgasms
make me want to do anything. I can't make it stop, unless I'm sucking a cock,
a pussy, an asshole - anything".

  I had to agree that the dildoing of her exposed pussy had certainly produced
positive results. "Well, I'm afraid my time with Jill is about up," said Mary
almost sadly as she untied the blonde's legs and opened the of the stocks that
held her captive. Almost as though she had not been tormenting her just
moments before, Mary put her arm around Jill to help her up. "Sorry if I gave
you a rough time sweetness, but it is ever so delightful to make you scream
and make your ass twitch".

  Turning to me she explained "The important thing about our game is to always
remember that we all care very much about each other - the fun and sex are
great, but we never do any permanent damage or cause really severe pain and
most of all, after each bondage session, we are the best of friends!". And
sure enough, as the two women relaxed there on the couch there was no
animosity and it was clear that they were indeed the closest of friends.

 Each couple then gave each other a tender kiss before I departed for home. I
thought about dinner next weekend and the games to follow.
ÿ

                                [More see Part 3]
