                          A B&D Dinner - Part 3 of 3
                          --------------------------


  On this Friday's "gig" when I arrived at the house it was very dark. I was
beginning to think no one was home. I rang the doorbell and Jill opened the
door. As I followed her into the dimly lit dining room I hoped this would be
another enjoyable and wild weekend. This was my beginning impression anyway.
The room was totally lit by candlelight giving it a dark and almost ominous
and sinister-like appearance.

  The dinner was another excellent meal of steaks with a great red wine. We
followed it with dessert with some coffee and cake and finished with the usual
small chatter about work and then of course the conversation shifted to my
favorite subject "sex" and servitude.

  We all individually showered and waited one at a time as a group for each
other in the living room. I was first and of course, I guess I had too many
glasses of wine. I was getting very light headed even before I had dinner.
Then Robert came out with his robe on, followed next by Mary. I noticed Jill
had been gone for awhile now. I wondered where she had disappeared. Jill had
always been the quiet submissive type.

  I couldn't hardly wait for the night to get started. Mary got dressed in the
most seductive white corset with a small boned demi-bra pushing her breasts so
they were jutting forward and outward. Her garter belt held a pair of matching
white stocking hose, even her boots were white. The boots had a set of full
heels and the height of the boot tops ran all the way up her legs and well
above her thighs and nearly touched her bare and hairless vulva. I admit at
this point she looked very eatable.

  "Well, I guess it's time we get started," said Mary as she walked over to
the me and took the drink out of my hand. "Hey, wait a minute I said aren't we
going to draw cards or something to see who is the "Slave?" "Well Richard,"
she said, "You gave us such a time last weekend that I thought it was only
fair for you to pay the price this time."  "Oh, I guess so, but I haven't seen
you actually perform the male slave role on Robert yet," I said.

  "Oh, don't worry we won't hurt you much and you'll really enjoy yourself,"
said Mary. "And besides Richard, all this time you thought only the women were
slaves- C'mon now enjoy yourself!" said Robert. I must say that if I knew what
was going to happen I probably would have turned around and left for home. But
it was too late for that.

  They led me downstairs to the cellar. I'd never been in this part part of
the house before. It wasn't damp or musty, but very warm and comfortable. I
must admit it was making me even a bit more dizzy due to the heat of the
dungeon-like atmosphere and maybe all the wine I drank. Mary called this the
training room where all fun begins.

  Mary then handcuffed my hands behind my back. She began by tieing my
stretched dick with a length of cord one just under my crona and the other
tightly around my balls. I must admit the sight of her in that outfit was
already getting me hot and into a state of excitement as my penis grew to an
erection. "O.H., no Richard, not yet" said Mary as she led me around the room
tugging on the cord, walking me around like a dog. The pulling sensation on my
penis caused me to quiver in pain as we circled the room a few more times. I
was starting to hurt as I was being paraded around the room like a puppy dog.
Then Mary said, "Enough of this Slave, STOP and let's get you a bit more
comfortable." She unfastened the cuffs and led me over to the other side of
the room.

   Mary and Robert placed me on a short waist-high examination table like the
one's used in a doctor's office. Only this padded table had a head harness and
metal rings to which they securely strapped my hands. Mary then attached and
locked a set of outriggers into the foot of the table where my legs were also
strapped and buckeled. The outriggers held my legs in an open V-like position
totally exposing my cock and balls.

  "There how does that feel NOW you worthless Slave,"  Mary quipped.

  "O.k., I'm fine," I said, but as the words came out of my mouth she pulled
hard on the ball cord causing excrusiating pain in my scrotum. "We'll see
Richard, if you too can take some punishment," hissed Mary. She untied the
cords from around my genitals, squeezing my balls hard between her fingers
causing me to grimace in pain as my degradation and training as an obedient
slave continued.

  She attached this new "toy", which fastened over my cock and it had a
spring-like device with a pointer and a graduated scale. As she pulled on the
device the spring stretched my penis and moved the pointer to a marker on the
scale. "See Richard, that was a 6."  "Do you want feel what a 10 feels like."
I begged her to stop but it only aroused her further. Now I felt my cock
beginning to hurt. I couldn't tell if I had an erection now or it just felt
hard. I couldn't see I had a hard-on or if it was limp. I wasn't very
comfortable at all wearing this new "toy" and Mary presummably knew it. She
then removed the scale from my penis and the painful feeling it produced. I
waited a minute for the pain to subside.

  Next Jill came into the room. I must admit the sight of her caused my sore
and limpid penis to quiver with a little more than excitement now. Jill was
dressed in one of those black rubber bondage suits from her neck right down to
her toes. Not a bare piece of flesh was visible, yet the outfit was so damn
skin-tight I could see the her stiffened nipples and her bulging vulva right
through her latex rubber pants.

  Then both women moved to the table and removed the outriggers, causing my
legs to droop and my prick to harden. "O.h NO Richard, it isn't time for you
to get a hard-on yet," said Jill. The Bitch actually slapped me on the head of
my cock, causing it to retract a bit. "See that's for being a bad boy. "Now
wait until we tell you to get it hard- NOT before," said Jill. I couldn't get
my eyes off of Jill in that outfit. She was the sexiest woman I've ever seen
in any type of bizarre dress.

   As Jill unsnapped the breast covers off her suit. Her tits just stuck
straight out displaying her lucious pink aureoleas. Both of her titties bulged
out cropped by the cutouts of the rubber bra. Mary tweaked both of Jill's
nipples hard between each of her thumb and forefingers. Mary stooped over and
took each nipple one at a time in her hot mouth, as she flayyed over each
aureolea, tonguing and lipping each of Jill's nipples. Jill's nipples had
really stiffened now and I must admit my own erection was hard and up again.
Then Mary slapped my penis rather hard again to bring me back to reality. "No
Richard, not until we do a few things more first," said Mary, as she too
noticed my pecker has stiffened again as my eyes were still fixated on Jill in
that kinky rubber suit.

  Mary came over to the front of the table and like a Bitch shoved her wet
pussy in my face and said, "Start Licking SLAVE!". I instantly began lapping
my tongue up and down and over her clit getting her all hot and excited in the
process. "Faster slave, I want you to lick my pussy clean like you did Jill
last weekend," said Mary. I was licking for all I was worth, but sucking and
licking didn't seem to phase Mary one bit. She buried her clit still deeper
into my face, almost suffocating me as she raked and squeezed my own nipples
as a form of severe punishment.

  Jill picked up a wide leather belt and slipped it under and around my waist.
She snugged up the belt tightly as she set the buckle in place. The belt had a
set of handles on each side of my hips. I couldn't figure out what the purpose
of this device had.  I was took busy thinking of Mary and eating her pussy for
her. Then Robert was attaching a leg spreader above my knees spreading my legs
still wider apart. My feet were supported and securely bound and held in place
by a pair of those doctor's stirrips which he locked into the foot of the
examination table. My ass jutted over the very edge of the leather cushioned
top. Then Mary strapped my head into a leather harness which bent my head
backwards so my head reclined at about the height of Mary's pussy. I was
sweating and Mary knew I wasn't very uncomfortable- but she just laughed it
off.

  Robert brought out an enema bag attaching it vertically to the table. Mary
filled the bag with fluid and greased and inserted the tip of the hose in my
anus. Mary released the valve on the tube and the warm quart ran down into my
colon. Mary quickly inserted a butt plug to hold the fluid from escaping.
Everyone then left the room and I felt my bowel start to growl as the pressure
built up. When they returned Mary pulled the plug from my ass. I couldn't hold
back the force of the enema as it spurted into the pan as Robert held it
beneath my ass. "There Slave," said Mary, "now your're clean for the evening",
as she washed me off. Robert excused himself and left the cellar, probably
because he was too embarassed by this whole affair. I felt he too was in a
state of total humiliation too. I thought my discipline couldn't get an worse.

  Mary stepped aside now as I caught a glimpse again of Jill as she stepped
forward again closer to me. She had unwrapped a condom and she was slipping it
over my penis, uncoiling it down the length of its shaft. She had a tough time
getting it completely unrolled all the way down, so she finished by unrolling
it by using only her mouth and lips. That was too much for my semi-rigid
pecker and my cock hardened as I started to reached another full state of
erection. Mary had my full attention now as my cock swelled as she swirled her
tongue on my cock.

  "There now, how does that feel NOW Slave," Jill asked. I just nodded.

  I saw her bend over and do something I'll never forget. She unsnapped her
leg covers off her outfit to reveal the kinkiest pair of latex boots which ran
all the way up the length of her thighs. She was totally bare between the
bottom of the latex rubber corset and the top of her boots. The sight of
Jill's skin-tight outfit and my own fetish for rubber had caused my cock to
stiffen and it just throbbed with excitement now.

  As I lay bound and waited, Jill was now getting something out of her "toy"
bag as she brought it closer and stood directly in front of me.

  She inserted a flesh colored latex dildo into a hole  in  the base  of the
triangle of her waist harness.   The dildo snapped to  the inside of of the
triangle that fitted over her crotch. The wide-bands crossed down and around
and attached securely to the front of the belt.  The base had its own nubbed
wedge to  afford    Jill pleasure all of  its  own to her errogenous zone. I
knew it was made  to stimulate both her vulva and  to press on her clitoris as
well. As she slipped it in place she opened the petals of her vulva and and
let it snap against her  clit.  The butt end of the  wedge had  knobby studs
to excite her  clitoris even further and the dildo even looked like a real
cock. It had soft foreskin that rolled up and over the end of the
uncircumsized head as she firmly  masturbated it in her outstreached hand. The
semi-rigid dildo protruded straight out from her crotch now.  Jill heeled
forward on her black pumps inching the tip of the soft shaft closer to my
helpless and wanton asshole.    I saw her pushing the dildo hard up against
her own clit as  she  twisted  the shaft with her hand.  I knew  she  could
feel those nobby studs as they pressed and stimulated her own erect clitoris
as well.

  She lubed the shaft and with a desensitizing lubricant as she put some of it
on her fingers and greased my rectum as well. She pushed hard as moved the
tool hard and firmly against up to my anal opening. I swear this dick was
nearly a full 8" long and 2" thick. I could see the tip of the cock head
glistening under the dim candlelight. I saw her rubbing and rolling the
foreskin up and down over the tip, and getting it all HOT!!!

  She was a like a Bitch Goddess in heat with that dildo strapped on.

  She slapped me hard on the ass a few times to check out my reflexes. "There
Slave, feel the hard thick COCK I have for you!", said Jill.

  She was attempting to push that latex cock past my outstretched loins as my
numbbed asshole presented itself as a hot target for her cruel and sadistic
pleasures. She again lurched the tip forward again trying for initial
penetration. The tip just butted up against my bunghole without gaining an
inch as her spiked-heels clicked loudly again on the floor.

  "NO, it won't go IN I told her," straining in my bid for freedom. "Be QUIET
Slave- JUST let it happen," she said. She stepped back and she slapped my ass
again and again. My asshole was totally numb by now. She grabbed me tightly by
those love handles, squirming and inching closer in her bid for anal
fornication. She was grunting like a real Bitch now as she squeezed and pushed
harder on the shaft of the dildo in her right hand. As she squeezed the shaft
this actually caused the head of the dildo to grow and swell in size. She let
go and the pecker returned to its original size but just kept sticking
straight up and out. She was grasping me by those waist handles real tight
again as she tried again vainly to insert the just the tip of the anal
intruder.

  "No, I pleaded with her, please STOP!" as I tried to move but knew I
couldn't. She kept forcing and inching forward trying to bury more and more of
the rigid pecker deeper into my ass. I was totally helpless!

  These delays only infuriated her further as I felt the total length of the
latex dildo bend nearly in half as the tip finally slopped in. I could feel
the rigid curvature of the shaft as it slipped in deeper. Now Jill undulated
her hips with short strokes as she tried vainly to step in closer perched on
those 5" heels. She was grunting now and she was gaining momentum with every
thrust, clicking her spiked heels up and down, again and again, on the floor
in her bid for sexual gratification.

  Mary grabbed to my head and was panting, "Suck my CUNTY hard again, Lover!".
Frankly, I had no choice, I was helpless and couldn't move a muscle. I looked
like a bird waiting for a worm with my mouth hanging helplessly wide open. I
was bound flat on my back with my legs tied high in the air. Her pleasure and
domination had become my punishment.

  Mary was pumping my cock with both hands. I was on fire as she milked my
cock up and down. "We don't want you shooting cum all over the place and
getting things all messed up!", she said. My sphincter muscle was responding
in pain as it tightened around the base of the dildo. Jill was squirming hard
in and out of my ass with short firm strokes and gasping for air as the dildo
slid in further. I felt my sphincter again constrict on the base of the shaft
as Jill savagely fucked my ass. She tugged harder on those love handles as the
rubber member had found its mark. The dildo had slid all the way in now and
was buried to the hilt as I felt the raised studs on the bottom of the flared
shaft. The fury and momentum of her strokes increased. My pain was also deeply
intense, and I had never experienced anything so uncomfortable in my whole
life!

  "Well how do you like it now, SLAVE!!!" Jill commanded.

  "It hurts Mistress, please STOP!," I muffed, but I continued to suck on
Mary's clitoris. I could hardly breathe now as she sat on my face, pushing her
hot eager vulva deeper and forward onto my tongue. I could feel her total
wetness now flowing down my face. Her juices were flowing down along the sides
of my cheeks as my oral worship continued.

  "FASTER Slave," said Mary, as I could feel her clit pulsating as she pulled
my face harder into her pussy by my ears. I could tell her clit had grown hard
and she was near a HOT orgasm!

  "Well how do you like it now, SLAVE!" Jill gasped. "Do you like getting
FUCKED in the ass." I was suffering insurmountable pain now as I felt Mary's
erect clitoris, exploding, knowing she was getting ready to cum and experience
an orgasm. I had tears rolling down my cheeks as I was gagging from her wet
juices as she continued to grind away.

  Mary was jerking my cock hard up and down and trying to get me to cum. I
admit her rough treatment of my sore penis with that condom on was a bit too
much for my rigid pecker and the rubber split wide open. She was pumping my
cock with one hand in long full strokes now as I ejaculated my juices up the
air and all over my belly. This could have been a memorable experience aside
from the fact that my sphincter was still pulsating to the rhythm of Jill's
dildo as she continued to pound me in the ass.

 I spurted out more thick heavy ribbons of cream again and again. Both women
began smearing that sticky cream down over my belly and nipples. Mary kneeded
and roughly pinched my own nipples as she finished me off. I knew Mary must
have had one of her hotter orgasms. Jill stopped and let go of the love
handles. My asshole was still undulating to the rapid thrusts of the dildo and
agravated by the nobs on the base of the shaft. Jill was panting hard now as
her face was covered with beads of sweat.

  Then Jill slowly backed the cock out from within my asshole. I yelled a cry
of pain as the tip of the cock head's slipped out past my reddened and
inflammed sphincter. The cock head had a full rounded tip and a wide split
head as I saw it for the first time. My sphincter was errupting now in violent
spasms to all that pain and erratically it was still moving all by itself
opening and closing like a camera shutter. Jill had now pulled completely out
of me and moved over and was standing directly in in front of me with that
latex member sticking straight up and out of the waist harness. She was
teasing me by waving the dildo around in my face.

  "There SLAVE we hope you remember this for a LONG while!!!" she panted. Jill
walked around and pushed the dildo right down in my face and forced me to kiss
the bulbous end of the cock head for her. "There that's a good Slave," she
said. Both women washed me down and cleaned me all up. Then they left the room.

  I just layed there trying to catch my breath from the ordeal I just
experienced. It must have been 20 minutes before I regained back my own
strength and composure as both women reentered only clad in their robes.

  When both women removed all the straps and belts which secured me in place,
I was still a bit dizzy, probably from all that wine. I sat up and slowly
scooted up off the table and almost sank to my knees from the ass-fucking I
had received at the hands of Jill. She certainly knew how to play the role of
a real dominating Bitch and deal out punishment.

  The women then helped me stand upright and sat me down on the table. We
touched each other softly with hugs and kisses. When I returned to normal, I
thanked each of them with the strongest tongue lashing I could produce on
their reddened and inflammed pussies. I guess this was a way of thanking them
for the slave training they had just put me through.

  I hoped at the next Dinner I would never be the Slave again!


                             [End of Part 3 of 3]
                       I hoped you enjoyed this Fantasy!
