
               Richard's B&D Dinner - Part 1 of 3
               ----------------------------------


  Robert's invitation to complete a foursome for a wild weekend had been
a welcomed treat, as I drove up to the secluded old house. I must admit
I had second thoughts. My sex had always been pretty straight but I
was a bit apprehensive about this "bondage" idea.

  But what the hell - it couldn't hurt to try - could it??

  Robert greeted me at the door and introduced me to Mary my "date."
His wife Jill, I already knew. A dinner of steaks, wine and small talk.
We settled into the den and the almost immediately an imperceptible mood
change took place suggesting that things were about to get started.

  Robert explained that normally a system was used in their games to
determine roles, but that since this was my Friday night, they would
let Jill be "Mistress" to Mary, who would also introduce me to Jill's
instructions to the game. I could then participate or watch as I chose.
After half a dozen drinks, I was ready for anything, or so I thought.

  Jill wasted no further time. She put her drink down, walked across
the room and pulled Mary to her feet. She produced a pair of handcuffs,
and without ceremony cuffed the brunette's hands behind her back. She
asked Robert to go and get the toys as she began to play with her new
captive. Standing behind her she reached around to cup Mary's breasts
through her blouse and caresses them. She proceeded to open the first
few buttons of the blouse and then, forcing her hand into her bra, began
to cruelly squeeze Mary's breasts and neading her nipples. The cuffed
woman moaned and tried unavoidably without success to escape the hands
that were causing her torment.

  Robert had returned in the meantime with a box of devices that would
have made the Marquis de Sade weep with joy. I didn't really know what
most of the gadgets were, but that my guesses were not far off.

  "We want you to have a first hand demonstration of some of our toys
Richard" said Jill, "and Mary is going to explain these toys to you
as you use them on her - just pick one and ask her." She shoved the
cuffed brunette back onto the couch and he retired to h
tructions for her own torment.
"They go on my nipples but you'll have to finish undressing me" she
explained. I needed no further encouragement. I finished undoing the
buttons on her blouse, then reached behind her to unfastened the bra.
Her breasts were beautiful- topped with lucious strawberry tips.

  "Richard, you'll have to get her nipples hard for the clamps to work
properly" added Jill. She was obviously enjoying role of spectator.
I licked and sucked the captive woman's nipples until they were hard and
distended. I picked up the first clamp and opening it up, placed it over
her left nipple flush against her breast. The function was obvious as
I began tightening the knob, the metal clamp closing toward the nipple.
Mary flinched as the cold metal first contacted her nipple and as I
tightened further she began to squirm. I stopped as soon as Mary moaned,
afraid to cause any permanent injury, but Jill was now totally adamant.

  "Keep going, this bitch can take a lot more than that", said Jill.

  I complied until I was sure that the clamp would not cause any real
damage. The device squeezed the nipple until it was fully engorged and
caused the aureola to fill with blood and swell until it was fully
unwrinkled and shiny. I then repeated the process on her right nipple.

  Mary was in real pain now, laying back on the couch with closed eyes.
But Jill had only just begun. "Ask her about this little gadget" she
offered, as she handed me a contraption consisting of two curved rod-
like devices connected by a threaded arrangement. Mary in response to
the unspoken question let me know that this was a labia spreader -
not one of her favorite toys. This too exposed her for further exposure of
to the private parts of Mary's anatomy. She blushed furiously as I hiked
her skirt up to her waist and pulled her panties down. I could now
appreciate her embarrassment and humiliation. The rest of us were fully
clothed as she lay in a semi-reclining position with her breasts and
lower body blatantly exposed.

  I was getting into this and began to take the initiative. I picked up
the leg spreader and fastened her into it for good measure. It attached
to both legs just above the knees and was adjustable. After tightening
the straps I pushed her legs as far apart as they would go and tightened
the adjusting screw. Mary really was a turn on, with her tits bare now,
adorned with two tit clamps I had left in place and her legs spread as
far as they would go. She was beautifully on display now.

  I then proceeded to apply the pussy spreader. The device, which Robert
told me he had made was really just two elongated clamps connected
together. The clamps were designed to fit on a woman's labia and then
the threaded device when used, forced the clamps apart. As I tightened
each clamp to her pussy lips, Mary inhaled sharply. It was not until
the screw-like device was actuated and her labia began to open and fully
stretch apart that she really responded though. She twisted her ass on
the cushions of the sofa and then started bucking her hips - she wanted
this device removed from her most private place. Only Jill's further
encouragement kept me right on going. When Mary started to thrash in
earnest I stopped.

  "Keep going - the bitch can still stand a lot more!", said Jill.

  I complied, giving the screw another turn and watching the captive
cunt lips of the tied brunette's vulva spread even further. Her pussy
was now blatantly strained and every inner minute detail was visible.
But it did not seem like she minded. In fact it seemed she was enjoyed
the whole game.

  That was the scenerio of last weekend's dinner.

[More see BDINNER2] -Jerry Travis-
