Archive-name: Bondage/bdstry2.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Bondage Story


I went upstairs to the shower and relaxed as the warm water splashed 
over my body, my mind was busy with the thoughts of the activities 
that had taken place earlier in the day.  I soaped up and washed my 
hair and rested against the side of the shower wall as the excitment 
of the thoughts made my cock lenghten to a full hard on again.. I 
can't remember when I have had so many erections in one day.. why 
was this so exciting to me.. so many thoughts.. but I couldn't 
resist stroking my meat as I thought about Kelli sitting on her 
slavehorse while I forced it into his mouth.. I actually had MADE 
another man suck my cock.. a virgin straight male was now a cock 
sucker and the best orgasm I had ever had came from it.. I couldn't 
decide whether it was the fact that it was a man giving me head or 
that it was someone in bondage or both.. but had been wonderful..
My stoking got faster and faster and I shot a load all over the tub 
(it seemed like a cup full) had the slavehorse had to swallow that 
much cum?  no wonder he was crying and gaging!

The water began to run cold so I got out and dryed myself off, put 
on some clothes and made my way downstairs.. I hadn't realized but 
I had been upstairs for an hour and 20 minutes.. 
"Took you long enough" she said as she polked the slavehorse with 
a cattle prod she said because he had distracted her by moving.
"Have you been sitin' there all this time?" I asked 
"Yes, why?"
"How does he breath with all of your weight on his face?" I asked
"The best way he can, if he starts to smother I would get up long 
enough for him to catch his breath..but I also have to watch out 
for tricks.. and he is punished severly for trying to get relieve 
of my weight without due cause.. he has only done that once" she 
said with a grin.. "are we ready?"
"sure" I said and away we went.. with the slavehorse still tied 
to the chair.

We must have been gone 4 hours or so and Kelli had run into a 
friend of hers named Jenifer.  Jenifer had two guys sitting with 
her and when we got ready to leave Kelli asked if she would like 
to invite them over for some fun.  Jenifer winked as she smiled 
and acknowledged her sugestion.  As soon as we arived Jenifer 
went right to the slavehorse and jumped into the air landing her 
ass right on the slavehorse's face... all of her weight at once!
The slave jerked and you could tell he tried to yell and move..
"He was asleep" Jennifer said "I love to wake him up this way" as 
she laughed.  We sat around and talked for a while, Jenifer on 
the slave and the rest of us on the couch.

The conversation sooned turned to the slavehorse training and 
Jenifer said she couldn't wait to have the endurance race.  One 
of the other guys said.. "you told us about the slave, and that 
we would all get naked later..but what is the endurance race?"
Kelli said "I think we should have it tomorrow Jenifer, can you 
guys stay all night?"  
the obvious answer of course was "yes!!!!!"
and with that Kelli sugested we all get naked.. and we did..
Jenifer sat back down on the slaves face and started humping 
pretty hard.. she grabbed the cattle prod and jabbed a few times 
makeing the slave jerk each time.. then Kelli put some clamps on 
the slaves nipples and suggested as soon as Jenifer was thru we 
should tie the slave in a more usefull position.. 
"Joe, grab that switch and whip his dick" Jenifer said.. maybe 
that will make him put more into it" and with that one of the 
guys got up and started whiping his cock.. and he started moving
like crazy.. at least as best he could.. Jenifer was just about 
bouncing all of her weight on his face.. after about 5 minutes of 
her bouncing, Joe whiping and the rest of us yelling fuck him Jen, 
and suffer slave.. and hearing the slave try to yell and cry.. 
she came and all of her weight fell on him..  she slowly got up 
and everyone seemed more at ease now..

The slave was placed in a stock like holder in the middle of the 
room, Jenifer wanted to give him a few lashes and suggested the 
since Joe had helped her.. he should shove his dick in the slaves 
mouth for a gag.. and if he wanted to hump and cum that would be 
a bonus.. andwith that he jumped up and I noticed his nice hard 
on.. it look like a giant.. and he pushed it into the slaves mouth 
no sooner than Jenifer started swating the ass of the slave.. I 
noticed Kelli had started playing with the other guys cock and 
motioned for me to come over and play with her pussy..  and as I 
ate I could hear the lashes on the slaves ass.. but the more I 
ate the less obvious the lashes and muffled yells were.. the slave 
was going thru hell.. but the rest of us were in heaven.. it 
started to seem fair to me.. Kelli had her orgasm as I looked over 
Joe had already cum and was sucking on my cock.. Jenifer was 
beating the hell out of the slave.. he was yelling and crying and 
she was laughing.. then she realized she was missing the fun.. and 
joined the rest of us.. we let the slave rest the rest of the 
evening and all fucked and sucked until almost daylight.. and then 
fell asleep.

The next day we all awoke pretty late.. but Jenifer and the slave 
was gone.. Kelli said she thought Jenifer was geting in some 
riding before the race.  She fixed us breakfast and we all went to 
the barn.. and there was Jen riding the slavehorse.. She seemed to 
be more in control than Kelli had been or maybe it just looked 
more natural, anyway Kelli got the guys to help her set up the 
course for the race while Jen and Kelli got ready..  

The course was 3 miles long, up and down hills, thru a creek.. it 
was really going to be rough.. to make it even they decided to 
flip a coin to see who goes first and the best 2 out of 3 would 
get to use the slave for the next month all to herself or could 
rent him, etc.. One of the guys suggested that they should make 
it a real challenge and let the winner retain complete ownership 
of the slave for one year and have a race each year for ownership. 
They agreed and away they went.. Jenifer was first.. she took out 
with spurs and whiping like I had never thought possible..
She was gone around and hour and when she came back you could tell 
the slave had been thru hell already.. I think she really liked 
hurting this slave.. to make it even they decided to give the slave 
20 minute breaks between heats.. off Kelli went..  then Jen.. 
then Kelli.. Now it was the last time.. the slave was tiring so 
bad that it took over 2 hours for the slave to carry Jen.. Kelli 
got on.. she was determined to win.. she started kicking the 
already bloody sides of the slave.. his head was red from heat..
his breathing was heavy.. but he kept trying.. when Kelli returned 
she was using a cigerette on the slaves chest to pursuede him to 
keep going.. but he wasn't fast enough.. Jenifer had won..

We all decided that the slave had been thru enough for one weekend 
but Jenifer wanted to do one last thing before we all went back to 
the house.. she wanted to brand HER slave to show ownership.. and 
with that the slave was tied so thight his hair couldn't move.. 
the guys built a fire and she heated up a branding iron.. I was hard 
just thinking about it.. then the yell from the slave.. louder than 
anything you can imagine.. she held it on his ass for about 10 
seconds but it must have seemed like a year to the slave.. he 
passed out.. and Kelli suggested she take care of my hard on .. 
and with that we all went to the house for some more sex.. 

As all the guys were getting ready to leave, we all agreed that 
the excitment of the slave had made us all enjoy the weekend and 
that we couldn't wait until next year..  Jenifer took her slave 
and left, Kelli and I decided that we were definitely gonna 
stay together and that next year she needed to win OUR slave back!

Yes.. I think I liked the idea and will ride the slave when he is 
our property again.. by the way.. did I tell you about the party 
Jenifer had to show off her new slave?        <grin>

--
