Archive-name: Bondage/bdstry1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Bondage Story


     It is now late Sunday night and the weekend is over and what 
a weekend it had been.  I had meet Kelli a few months ago and she 
had warned me that she has been working on a project that was 
really bazaar and had asked if I would consider helping her if 
she needed any help.  Kelli is a very beautiful girl..somwhat 
into the western style.. jeans, boots, etc.. she is also a stout 
built woman.. 5'4" around 135 pounds.. long black hair that 
reaches her hips, oh yes and her age is around 25.  Tho we have 
only had sex 4 times.. it has been fantastic each time and 
somewhat conventional (at least to my standards and up until this 
weekend).
     Kelli called me at work Friday and asked if I could help her 
with some chores around the barn this weekend and explained that 
there would be plenty of time for some fun.  "Just bring a few 
things and plan on staying here until work Monday" she said 
playfully.  "Sounds good to me" I replied "see ya 'round 7:00".
     When I arrived she had dinner on the table and was dressed 
in her usual loung around the house attire which consisted of 
tight cutoff jeans and a halter top.  "if you would like to 
change before we eat go ahead..I'm waiting on the rolls" she 
said, so I did..into a pair of shorts and a t-shirt.  Now this 
may seem a little boring but please bare with me.
     As we ate the conversation changed to the wildest thing 
you've ever done (which for me was a few 3 somes with a few 
couples and a few females) to wild fantasies (tho I had been with 
a male/female couple I had never experienced getting head from a 
male-this was mine) to the wildest thing you ever wanted to do 
(mine here was skydiving..not sexual but then we WERE at dinner).
     As it turns out she was in the midst of doing the wildest 
thing she had wanted to do which is what this story is about.  
She explained that this weekend would be one I would never forget 
and that she could promise me my fantasy would be complete but 
that was all she would tell me for now "you'll find out tomorrow, 
now its time for desert" she said as she droped her cutoffs.  I 
was hard from our little conversation and the thought of having 
my wild fantasy come true (tho my wild and hers are varied).
     I droped my shorts and with a hug hold carried her to the 
bedroom.. where nature took its course..  I want bore you with 
all the details.. you should know that part after all that is not 
what this story is really about.. to continue.. as we lay there 
exhausted from an hour or so of lovemaking.. she whispered.. if I 
am not in bed when you wake up.. join me in the barn.. you can 
sleep as late as you like.. you'll need your rest for tomorrow 
night!  and to sleep we went..tho she fell asleep quickly it 
couldn't quit thinking about the words and conversations from the 
evening...
     When I woke there was breakfast on the table and a note.. 
"I'm in the barn or gone for a ride on my new horse.. join me 
when you eyes are open good".
I ate the microwave heated breakfast, then walked to the barn.. 
no Kelli so I returned to the house and took a nice hot shower.. 
went to the barn again.. still no Kelli.. back to the house.. I 
sat and watched the season opener of college football.. before I 
had realized it was after 3 pm.. so I went back to the barn as I 
got to the barn I could hear Kelli yelling of to my right..  "get 
your ass moving!!!!" she yelled "come on.. MOVE IT!!!! FASTER!!"  
As I looked off the right I saw the strangest thing.. I just 
stood there in aw as she approaced.. looking at this unusual 
sight.. There was Kelli in her tight jeans, boots and halter top 
sitting on the shoulders of a naked man.. his hands tied behind 
his back, he was covered with sweat and red marks there was even 
a sign of blood on the front side of his hips where she had been 
digging in the spurs.. there were tears in his eyes and he was 
walking as if each step was his last.   Kelli was kicking him 
hard and using a switch on his back yelling even  louder "come on 
slavehorse or you know what your punishment with be.. move it.. 
MOVE IT!!!!"
     Kelli saw me standing there with my mouth wide open.. "what 
the hell are you trying to do to him.. kill him?" I asked
"No" she replied "this is my slavehorse; remember last night when 
we were talking about the wildest things..well my wildest thing 
has always been to make a man be my personal horse and train him 
to carry me as long as I want"
"your kidding.. tell me your kidding" I said
"does this look like I am kidding?" she asked "let me explain.. a 
few months ago Ray and I.. this is Ray my slavehorse.. started 
dating.. when we talked about wild ideas he mentioned he had 
always wanted to be submissive to a woman.. after a few weeks of 
talking about it.. he aggeed to be my slave"
"you mean he wanted to be put through this?" I asked
"No not exactly.. he only wanted me to tie him up and make him 
eat my pussy.. but I made him agree to being totally owned by me 
and if he consinted he would have to endure anything I wanted.. 
no matter how straneous it may be and I also gave him the option 
to think about it for a few days.. he returned ready to sign the 
agreement and here he is.. I train him twice during the week and 
everyweekend"
"but your with me everyweekend.. where is he?" I asked
"he is kept where all horses are kept.. in his locked stall in my 
barn" she replied "he was there all last night and as soon as we 
give him his punishment and meal he will be there while we go out 
to dinner"
this is strange I thought and she must have sensed it.. "listen, 
if this is too much for you to understand its ok.. you don't have 
to participate if you don't want.. you can watch.. or go back to 
the house.. I will be there shortly... I hope you will accept it 
and remember it has no bearing on you and I.. If you like I will 
not have any sexual contact with him again.. he has no choice his 
aggreement leaves in totally up to me"
     As I started walking up to the house Kelli rode the man into 
the barn.  I had just gotten to the house when I noticed I had a 
hard on.. really throbing.. after giving it some thought I walked 
back down to the barn.  As I aproaced I could hear the sound of a 
whip and the man crying out.. counting 46 (snap) 47 (snap) I 
looked into the barn and there was the man on his knees, his arms 
tied to a pully on the beam, his ankles tied to his waist.. as I 
walked in Kelli was laughing at him and talking to him..
"You did not impress my lover.. you slut slavehorse.. you will be 
punished 100 lashes a day until he decides to take you for a 
trail ride along side me and my real horse" (snap) 54 (snap) 55 
"you will spend the night in the tightest bondage you can imagine 
and the nipple clamps will stay on till my ride in the morning" 
(snap) 64  (snap) 65   
As I watched and listened I noticed myself playing with my 8" 
rock hard cock.. the more she hit him the harder it felt.. I must 
have made a noise.. she turned and caught me looking..
"change your mind?" she asked as she continued to whip him
"Not exactly" I said "I just got excited thinking about it and 
wanted to watch"
"Are you hard?" she asked with a smile (snap) 71 (snap) 72
"Yes I am and I guess if you want this you have my support.. but 
I am not sure how much I can help.. it hurts me to watch you whip 
him..hasn't he had enough"
No.. not near enough" she said "and his punishment will continue 
until you ride him..but take your time.. it will help me train 
him better."  "He can only carry me 2 hours now before he really 
tires down and I push him the last hour, but with your weight 
being so much more he will have to be made to endure my weight 
for 5 hours to be able to endure yours for 2 and that is what he 
must carry you when we ride"
"I haven't said I would yet" I said
"I know.. come here and pull you pants down"  (snap) 91  (snap) 
92
I walked over and droped my pants.. she stoped the whiping long 
enough for a hug and kiss
"I think you will enjoy this.. let me get these last 5 lashes 
done" she said and with that .. she hit him the hardest lashes I 
have ever seen or could imagine.. his back was covered with red 
lines.. I could feel the heat off of it.  then she got behind him 
put her legs over his shoulders forcing all of her weight on him.  
I could see his arms stretch from the rafter.. 
"give me another kiss" she said as she reached my arm and pulled 
me over.  She held me tight and gave me one of the best kisses I 
have ever had.. then as she huged me tight.. she hit the 
slavhorse on his back and said "open you mouth, slavehorse"
I felt his head move and the warmth of his mouth on the head of 
my rock hard cock.. she pulled me with a hard jerk and my full 8" 
was down his throat.. he gaged and tried to pull away.. but Kelli 
said "don't move, hon.. he will learn" and with that she pulled 
me as close as she could to her and wrapped her legs around my 
waist.. we started humping.. her pussy in her jeans on the back 
of the slavehorses neck and my cock in his mouth.. he kept gaging 
and the more he struggled the hard we humped.. it was a feeling 
that is undescribable.. this went on for about 3 minutes and I 
couldn't hold off any longer.. I shot my load into his mouth and 
really felt sorry for him..  he was gaging and jerking around and 
Kelli wouldn't let me move my cock out.. she was still humping..
"again" she said.. and so I started moving again.. this time I 
felt a little more at ease and it must have been a good 10 to 15 
minutes before I shot another load.. I have never had an orgasm 
as powerful as this one.. I forced my cock deep into the 
slavehorses mouth.. Kelli  yelling.. yes yes.. 
     As we moved away.. I could see the slavehorse crying and 
looked like he had been crying for a while.. Kelli got off and 
said.. " run to the house and get the shower started.. just warm 
water tho.." as I left she was undoing the rope.. but left his 
hands tied and led him to the house.  I didn't realize it was 
this late.. it was now almost 7pm..
     She brought the slavehorse in and put him in the shower.. 
washed him off and put some perfume on him.. then she put a maids 
outfit on him.. complete with highheels, fishnet hose, and a 
skirt the was just about his ass cheeks.. on the front his cock 
was visible but harnessed.. his hands still tied in front of him 
and on his neck a collar with a little box on it.. tho I was 
curious I did not ask..  she orded him to the kitchen to cook our 
meal.
     While he was cooking we talked about what had happened and 
how excited I had gotten.. but I told her I would still have to 
think about this all before I could accept it.. she said that was 
fine but that she hoped he would.. for what she wanted was for me 
and her to live together with a slave and this evening was and 
example of some of the many things we could enjoy together.  She 
also mentioned that I would not have to ride the slavehorse if I 
didn't want to..but she wanted to make her slave endure a man for 
her at least once.. I aggreed it would be a challenge and I would 
think about it..   then here came our food.. 
     The slave served us at the table, as soon as the food was on 
the table the slave went to a nearby corner, facing the corner 
nelt.. Kelli explained that the slave is not to disturb us.. if 
something is needed the bell would be rang.. this evening we 
needed nothing.. when we finished the slave was ordered to clean 
the table and kitchen while she and I went to the living room and 
started our desert.. tho it was satisfing it was nothing compared 
to the orgasms I had earlier in the barn.
     After we got through Kelli ordered the slave to the living 
room and tied him face up to an odd looking chair..one I had been 
meaning to ask about but never got around to it... after doing 
this she excused her self to take a shower  "make yourself at 
home, use the slave if you like I will be down in about an hour" 
as she walked off.  
     When she was gone I asked the slave what he thought about 
this.. he did not answer..  then I realized he was ordered not to 
talk unless given permision.. ok slave.. you may answer my 
questions but not ask any I said.. now what are your thoughts on 
being a slave to Kelli?  He answered it has always been a fantasy 
of his to be a slave to a beautiful woman and submitting to Kelli 
was a dream come true.  "but what about the whippings and the 
being made to carry her" I asked
"I don't enjoy pain.. but know Imust endure what she wants to 
satisfy her and myself"
"and what do you think about me being in control of you too" I 
asked..
he said "tho I have never been involved with a man until today.. 
and do not like the idea.. if it is what Kelli wants.. I am her 
slave and must obey and will obey.. she owns me and my contract 
to slavery".
I told him not to speak again, the positioned myself over his 
face and forced my hard cock into his mouth again.. for him not 
to like sucking cock.. he did a great job.. I had just made him 
swallow all of my cum when Kelli returned in a very nice dress.. 
she was dressed with hose and heels .. she looked great!  "go get 
a shower and chang into something nice.. lets go dance awhile" 
she said.  As I walked up the stairs, I turned to see her flop 
her weight onto the slave's face.. cross her legs and turn on the 
TV..
(to be continued) 

--
