Archive-name: 3plus/beach02.txt
Archive-author: Mike Mac
Archive-title: Annie - Chapter 2


We walked along the beach for hours. I spoke from my heart to Annie. I found
her to be someone with whom I felt real intimacy. I told her that, and she
smiled as if the feeling were mutual. 
	"Do you love Jeff?" I asked. 
	"Not really!" she replied." I do enjoy his company. He's generous,
funny and very sexy. Also, he shares my uninhibited attitude toward sex. But
love, no! How about you with Jim?" 
	I thought for a long moment and finally answered. "I'd assumed I
loved him, but after last night I don't think I do. I just have the feeling
that with someone like you I could become much closer than I ever could
with Jim and maybe any guy. Maybe I'm a latent lesbian?"
	Annie smiled and said "Don't let it scare you. It doesn't make you a
lesbian, it doesn't make you anything except what you already are. Anything
that we might have or that you might develop with another woman is in
addition to what you already have. Go ahead and have fun with Jim to
whatever extent you can, fuck him, feel good, fuck other guys. Feel good, and
share all that with me. Let's be secret lovers, no matter what happens. I
know myself that there are areas that I want to explore with you that I
haven't with anyone else. Did you know that it was my idea for the four of us
to spend this weekend together?"
	"No, I didn't! I'm glad it was."
	"Okay, well let's keep this to ourselves. Shall we go back in and
fuck those guys crazy or is there some little game you'd like to play."
	"What do you mean?" I responded.
	"Oh, anything. You could pretend that you're freaked out about the
scene last night. Or that you were grossed out by my sucking your pussy and
fingering your asshole. Or that you loved it. Whatever strikes your fancy.
Honey, it's about time you learned to have fun with love and sex!"
	What a wonderful thought! It had never really occurred to me to treat
all of this in a lighthearted way. "This is really a chance for me to act out
a lot of fantasies, isn't it?"
	"Do you have a lot of fantasies?" Annie asked.
	"You'd probably be very surprised!" I said. "I can get pretty kinky
in my own mind."
	Annie stroked my hair and said "You know that there are no limits
between us; that we can do anything. With the right person there don't have
to be tabboos."
	"I hope you mean that." I said and kissed her. "Well", let's figure
out what to do with those guys. I don't know why, but I'd love to do
something to get them in some way. You know what I'd like; I'd like to go
back and be very shy, and for you to be hard and bitchy to me and force me to
do things."
	"Okay, now we're getting somewhere. Do you have any limits or shall I
use my own judgement?"
	"Oh, I'll do anything you want! I'll just pretend I don't want to in
front of the guys."
	"Okay, I think this is going to be fun. If I do go too far let me
know be crossing your fingers on your right hand."
	"Okay."

	When we entered again through the patio the guys were still asleep.
They were sprawled out on the bed with their asses touching. I quickly
motioned Annie into the bathroom. "You know what I'd also like to do? Jim is
so straight, and I'd like to force him into a situation of sucking Jeff's
cock. God, that would be sweet revenge on him for I don't know what."
	"Fantastic!" Annie said. I know that Jeff has been in scenes with
other guys because I've seen him. We picked up a guy in a bar once and
brought him home with us. We were going to have a sandwich, with Jeff in my
asshole and this fellow in my pussy. Little did we realize at the time; but
Jeff ended up being in the middle of the sandwich with his cock in my pussy
and the other guy's in his asshole. It started out with me sucking Jeff's
cock while the other guy sucked my tits, but in a minute he pulled Jeff's
cock out of my mouth and put it into his own. Whwn he realized that Jeff
wasn't putting up a fuss he turned around so that his cock was in Jeff's
face. Jeff didn't even hesitate before taking the cock in his mouth. I
couldn't believe how turned on I was. I had this image of Jeff being fucked
in the ass that was driving me crazy. I reached between Jeff's legs and
started licking his asshole. In a while I replaced my tongue with a finger,
and then two fingers. I couldn't believe that Jeff's asshole was that open,
but it was. I laid back and ordered Jeff to fuck my pussy. He reluctantly
pulled away from the cock and slid his cock into me. As he fucked me I
reached behind him and fingered his asshole. I winked at the guy from the
bar and pointed to Jeff's asshole. He didn't waste any time comung up behind
Jeff with his cock. I remember that Jeff froze as he felt the cock at his
ass. I whispered in his ear that he had no choice but to take that big dick
all the way up his ass if he ever wanted to fuck me again. All he did was
sink down on me and close his eyes. He winced a few times, but within
minutes was moaning and then resumed fucking me again, this time in time ot
the strokes up his own ass."
	"Is Jim into anal?"
	"He's certainly into fucking my asshole, and he fucked your ass last
night. Sometimes he'll lick around the outside of my asshole but he never
puts his tongue inside or wants me to tongue his ass."
	"Is that a turnon for you, having your ass eaten?" 
	"Oh, yes!" I replied, "And I would love to eat yours." 
	"Okay, well, I'll make you suck my ass in front of the guys. But in
the meantime..." She turned me around against the bathroom door and knelt
behind me. I trembled as I felt Annie seperate my cheeks and blow against my
asshole. The tingle was wonderful, and then I felt the touch of her tongue.
She licked and dabbed at my opening. I could feel it getting wet, and then I
could feel her tongue begin to penetrate. She kept forcing it a little bit at
a time until she was able to get the tip of her tongue past my sphincter. Oh,
now her tongue was really up there. Why would Jim never do this to me. He was
so afraid he might taste shit. I pushed back away from the door and bent over
as far as I could. My ass opened more and I could feel Annie's tongue go
farther. She started to pull out and then enter again, fucking my asshole
with her tongue. I could feel how wet my pussy had become. Suddenly her
tongue pulled back and my asshole was empty. I started to let out a cry when 
I felt her finger enter my butt. She slowly eased it in and out of my ass.
The strokes were painfully slow, and I kept trying to push harder against
her. As she pulled out again I pushed back even harder and ot my surprise
there were two fingers. Oh, I couldn't believe it. Annie had two fingers all
the way up my asshole. She was slowly twisting and turning them inside me.
My ass felt like jello. As she fingered me I fell her lips kissing the
cheeks of my ass. Suddenly her fingers pulled out and again her mouth was
glued to my ass. This time she was blowing, and I could feel the sensation
all the way inside. Her tongue started to move more quickly and I felt on
the verge of collapse. I was on the edge of coming when I felt her fingers
back in my ass. She was forcing them in and out; faster and faster. I didn't
know if there were two or three fingers in my ass. I felt totally full and
totally at her mercy. I clawed at my pussy as I started to cum. The
sensation rippled through me as both my ass and cunt vibrated together. As I
came I collapsed on the bathroom floor. I was almost delerious. I'd never
cum like that before. At that point I would have done anything for Annie.
Annie leaned down and kissed me.
	"I love you, Annie." I said.
	"And I you." 

--
