Archive-name: 3plus/beach04.txt
Archive-author: Mike Mac
Archive-title: Annie - Chapter 4


	As I watched Annie running up the beach to the guys, I thought about 
how captivated I'd become. I'd never met anyone like her before. I knew she 
would bring out the best in me. I walked up to them and said with what I 
hoped looked like a forced smile "What's for breakfast?"
	Jim came up and put his arm around me and said "Hi!"
	"Let's talk later." I said. "But for now I'm starved."
	Annie called over "Hey you two, let's eat!"
	We made idle chat during breakfast on the beach and spent most of the 
morning swimming in the surf. The day was gorgeous. I watched as Annie teased 
Jeff and then led him back to their room for an obvious fuck. Jim made a 
suggestion that we go back to our room for a bit, but I said that I wasn't 
really in the mood; that I was still pretty upset about last night. I told 
him that I'd tried to talk to Annie about it but that she was really hopeless. 
	"Don't get me wrong! I really do like her. She's got a lot of spirit. 
I just don't want to get involved in all of that."
	Jim said he understood, and respected the way I felt, and that he 
wouldn't let it happen again. He said we would all go out again tonight, but 
this time we would return and go right to bed. 
	I smiled and said "Thank-you." I put my head down and dozed on the 
beach. When I awoke, Annie was lying face down about two feet away smiling 
at me.
	I asked "Where are the boys?" 
	"Down the beach a little ways playing frisbee with some other guys." 
They can see us so I thought I'd just pretend we were sleeping and not 
talking. Jeff kept asking again if I thought you'd come around and be ready 
to party again. I said I didn't know or particularly care, but that if he 
and Jim wanted to party again that I'd be more than enough cunt for them. 
That turned him on and we fucked again. As he fucked me I fantasized about 
you."
	"I'd love to eat you right now. My pussy is burning up thinking about 
it." 
	We laid there in silence just looking at one another and not needing 
to speak. After a while I said that I thought I'd pretend to start drinking 
early so that I'd be pretty sloshed by the time night rolled around."
	"Good idea! I'll suggest a margarita when they return and not put
any booze in ours."
	"Hey, Annie, you know what we could do! If you could make Jeff's 
drinks strong enough to get him to fall asleep I would do the same thing, and 
you would have time to be alone with Jim. I'd love it if you could seduce 
him."
	When the guys returned, Annie went to the room and shortly came back 
with four paper cups. She happily announced that it was margarita time. We 
drank them down pretty quickly, and Annie bounced up, left again and 
returned with another round. I downed mine right away and the others soon 
followed. I pretended to slur my words a little bit, and Jeff seemed a little 
louder than usual.
	It was now around one o'clock and Jim said he was getting hungry. We 
walked a little way up to the boardwalk and found a beachside cafe. 
	As we entered the restaurant Annie pushed by me and in doing so 
slipped a piece of paper into my hand. I hung back a little bit and glanced 
at the note. It read I PISSED IN ALL THE DRINKS.
	When the waitress came around she asked for our drink order. Annie 
passed, I ordered a margarita, Jim passed and Jeff said "What the heck I'll 
have another. This was my first drink with alcohol in it. I looked at Annie 
and said "The drinks here aren't nearly as good as the one's you made. I bet 
they left some ingredient out." 
	Annie said "Thanks I'm glad you're at least talking to me again."
	We ordered and ate, and Jeff became loud and maudlin. Three strong 
drinks under the hot sun did the trick. I tried to act silly going back, and 
when we got there said I was going to take a nap. Jim said he was going to 
sleep too and we headed in different directions. That left Jeff and Annie on 
the beach talking. I laid down on the bed and immediately fell asleep. When I 
awakened Jim was snoring at my side. I got up and went over to don my bikini 
again. When I picked it up there was an envelope under it with my initial on 
it. I picked it up and headed for the beach. I spread my blanket and opened 
the envelope, It read as follows:

   Dear Laura,
	Everything went according to plan. Jim and I went for a walk down 
   the beach. I told him how much I'd enjoyed the night before, or at least 
   the part after you had gone to bed. I said that I'd always found him 
   attractive and had imagined sex with him many times. In fact, that was 
   the reason why I'd arranged the weekend for the four of us. With that I 
   took his hand. As we walked along he apologised for your upset and said 
   that you just weren't ready for that kind of scene. Maybe sometime in the 
   future if we all went very slow. I said that I thought what you really 
   needed was a gang-bang to knock some of that attitude out of you. He 
   laughed and said "Well, she is a bitch sometimes." I told him that he 
   ought to put his foot down more often, and that you would respect him 
   more for it. I suggested a swim, and as we swam he began to feel me up. 
   I told him I didn't mind a little fun with him but that I didn't want to 
   cause problems between the two of you. I also told him that as much as 
   Jeff and I fooled around we had an agreement that we would do it together. 
   I then smirked at him and said that I could keep a secret if he could. 
   With that I reached for his cock under the water. He was bone hard, and 
   said that what you didn't know wouldn't hurt you. I told him that my 
   asshole still tingled from his cock last night and was ready for more. He 
   didn't know what to do. He was trying to fuck me in the water but knew he 
   couldn't because of the other people. He had to carry a towel in front of 
   him the whole way back to cover his hard-on. When we got back here we 
   looked in on both of you and then went into the John (there goes my policy 
   of never using the john at the beach). We fucked like crazy. He was wild 
   to get in my ass. I was as raunchy as I could be, whispering to him to 
   "buttfuck me" and to "fuck the shit out of me". I even sucked his cock 
   right from my asshole and made him kiss me. I think he likes to be forced. 
   I'll bet you anything we'll be able to get a cock in his mouth before too 
   long. Wouldn't it be far out if we could get pictures. (Do you have any 
   pictures of yourself, if so I would love to have some. I've got hundreds 
   of me and they're all yours. --- It's only been a day and I love you so 
   much). 
	I'll follow your lead tonight. I'll treat you like shit, but you know 
   I really love you. Did you like the drinks I made for you? Will you make 
   one for me? I don't need a cup; I'll drink right from the fountain.
							
				         		Love you,
					        	Annie

	Oh god! This is wonderful I thought. I'd never felt so good or so 
captivated by anyone. She seems to read my mind. It's as if she knows my most 
secret desires. I laid there in the sun and fantasized pissing all over Annie.
I let my piss come out full force and if it hadn't been for my suit it would 
have sprayed straight up in the air. My bikini bottom was drenched. I dozed a 
little more on the beach, and the next thing I knew Jim was standing beside 
me and nudging me with his toe.
	"Hi, sleepy head! What's up?"
	I casually reached for the letter beside me and said "Oh, nothing. I 
was just rereading a letter from my sister and fell asleep. How was your 
afternoon, hon?"
	"Oh pretty quiet, I came in shortly after you and went to sleep. You 
were really out of it from those drinks."
	"So what!" I said. That's why we came here isn't it? To relax and 
have fun."
	He said sure and assured me that we'd have a nice time tonight and 
then the two of us would make love. 
	We went back to the motel where Jeff and Annie were busily getting 
dressed for dinner. Annie was wearing a light short black dress cut low in 
the front and Jeff white slacks and sport shirt. As Jim and I were getting 
dressed, Annie called in "Hey you two it's coctail time. Laura, why don't 
you make the drinks this time. How about Pina Coladas?" 
	I called back "Sure, I've got a special receipe. How would you like 
your's?"
	Definately strong!" she replied.
	"Be back in a minute, Jim." I said, and padded off to the kitchen in 
just a towel. I closed the kitchen door and made the drinks. I squatted on 
the floor, held a glass between my legs and pissed. I was almost able to fill 
the whole glass. I poured some piss into both Jim and Jeff's drinks, and then 
split the remainder into two glasses and added just a little Pina Colada mix. 
I took Jim and Jeff their's, and then went into the bathroom and offered one 
to Annie. She asked which was hers, and I said it didn't make any difference 
that mine was strong too. We each took a glass and drank. It was unmistakable 
piss.
	"This is a wonderful drink, Laura." Annie said.
	I drank my own piss and smiled back at her. I winked and went back 
into my room. I picked out a colorful skirt and blouse, and didn't bother to 
wear any underwear. Jim said that it seemed like Annie and I were getting 
along better. I wrinkled my face and said "I just don't trust her."
	Jim shrugged and said "Ah, let's just go out and have a good time."
	"Okay." I responded, and we went into Jeff and Annie's room. 
	"Hey are we with the best looking girls on the beach or not?" Jeff 
shouted."
	Annie said "You better believe it." as we all headed out the door.


To be continued...

If you enjoyed the first four chapters and would like to read more, 
especially the final chapters that might not be suitable for a bulletin 
board, write to me at the following address:

PO Box 8373
Silver Spring, Md. 20907


I would especially like to hear from Annie-like women, since she now lives 
in Hawaii while I'm married and living on the East Coast.
--
