Archive-name: 3plus/beach01.txt
Archive-author: Mike Mac
Archive-title: Annie - Chapter 1


	Annie and I met when we were dating guys who happened to be best 
friends. We'd double dated several times and got along with ease. Annie is
27 years old, about 5' 5" with stylish blond hair. She's trim and without
doubt her face and ass are her best assets. Her features are smooth and
defined, like her personality. We both enjoyed dressing sexy, and 
participating in the sexual banter that the guys were always running. From 
what Jim, my boyfriend, told me, both Annie and Jeff were pretty wild. He 
said he was fairly sure that they had sex with different partners, and that
Annie was bi-sexual.  
	The four of us had gone away for a weekend at the beach. After a
great day we all went out to eat and make the rounds. When we got back to our
beachside motel we went to Annie & Jeff's room for a drink. We decided on a
midnight swim. Jeff suggested skinnydipping and Jim readily agreed. I said 
"What the heck!", and we all stripped, wrapped ourselves in towels and headed
for the surf. After a couple minutes of romping, Jim began fondling my ass in
the water. As he came behind me I could feel his cock, hard as a rock, poking
at my ass. I turned around to kiss him and stroked his cock. God, it felt
wonderful. In seconds he grabbed my ass and drove his cock into my pussy. What
a sweet fuck that was, with the waves crashing around us. I felt his cum shoot
inside me. Although I hadn't cum myself, the feeling of Jim shooting inside me
was super.
	As I turned from Jim and looked toward the surf I saw Annie kneeling
before Jeff at the surf's edge with his cock in her mouth. Jim took my hand
and led me toward them. When we were about six feet away Jeff pulled his cock
from her mouth and shot cum all over Annie's face. With cum dripping from her
eyes and nose Annie turned to face us. She wiped a streak of cum off her nose 
and licked her finger, then yelled "Last one back makes the drinks!" and ran 
for the motel. We all hesitated for a second and then ran after her. 
	I was the last one up the hill and as I entered through the patio
Annie was sprawled on the bed with Jeff lying beside her and Jim sitting at
the foot of the bed. Tequilas all around please, said Jeff. I headed for the
kitchen and returned with the tequila bottle, and a plate full of lemon
slices. I sat on the side of the bed and we passed the bottle around. I'd
never been in a situation like this before, naked with three other naked, 
horney people drinking tequila. Annie said she hoped we didn't embarass her 
but watching Jim and I fuck in the water had really turned them on. As she 
spoke I couldn't take my eyes off her. She still had cum on her cheek and in
her hair. I didn't say anything except pass the bottle. After I took a hit, 
I passed it to Annie. With her left hand she pulled Jeff's head down to her 
tit and with the right brought the bottle up to her mouth for a hit. She 
asked for some lemon, I held a slice up to her lips for her to suck and then 
wet my wrist, sprinkled salt on it and held it to her mouth. Annie licked
the salt and continued to lick my hand, after a few seconds I shyly pulled it 
away. 
	I felt Jim's hands on my neck massaging it, and I closed my eyes. 
When I opened them Jeff's head was between Annie's legs as he lapped at her 
pussy. She was massaging her breasts and looking at me. I closed my eyes 
again and turned to Jim. He kissed me and a flood broke. I whispered to him to
fuck the shit out of me. I felt almost crazy with lust. He picked me up and 
fell down on top of me on the bed. In seconds his cock was buried in me. 
	"Oh! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! " I screamed as his cock pounded into me. I'd 
never been fucked so hard in my life. God, his cock was driving me crazy. I 
went even crazier as his cock entered my mouth. Oh, it was fantastic, sucking 
his hard cock, feeling the force of his fuck, feeling his finger slide into my 
asshole, feeling him suck my breast. Oh God, it was fantastic! ... I came with
a force that shook my whole body. I also made a shocking discovery, it wasn't 
Jim's cock in my mouth, it was Jeff's, and it was Annie at my breast and her 
finger in my asshole. At that same moment Jeff erupted in my mouth filling it 
with sperm. My head fell down on the pillow and then it was Jim's turn as he 
came in my cunt. I laid there with my eyes closed not knowing what to think or
feel. I turned around and told the others that I needed a couple of minutes by 
myself. They were all apologetic and concerned. I told them not to worry 
themselves but to please excuse me.
	As I lay in bed in the ajoining room not knowing quite what to think. 
I stopped thinking and listened to my body. It had never been so content, or 
felt so totally satisfied. I softly stroked my breast and thought about what 
had transpired. If I were going to be honest I had to admit that it felt 
wonderful. As I laid there slowly stroking myself I could hear noises in the 
other room. I could discern grunts and moans amid the words and realized that 
they were probably fucking again. 
	I went to the door and opened it slightly. Annie was lying on her side 
with Jim and Jeff on either side of her. Jeff had his cock in her pussy while 
Jim's was up her asshole. I'd never witnessed anything like this before. I was
dripping as I watched Jim's cock slide in and out of Annie's asshole. She was
amazing. The guys were moving in time and Annie seemed lost in another world. 
I had a clear view of each cock entering and leaving her. It was incredibly 
exciting. I quietly entered and sat in the easy chair in the corner. As I 
watched the show I stroked my clit. Jeff and Jim increased the tempo, pounding
into Annie's cunt and ass with increasing force. It occurred to me for a 
moment that it was almost as if they were fucking each other and just using 
Annie as a way to do it. The pounding seemed to go on forever until they 
erupted, almost as one. Their three bodies seemed to tremble as one, and to 
become quiet as one, also. In minutes I heard a soft snoring sound and 
realized that they'd fallen asleep. Actually only the men had because Annie 
opened her eyes. When she saw me she smiled. I realized that I was still 
stroking my pussy and shyly smiled back. 
	She eased herself free of the cocks and watched as I stroked myself to
a climax. Annie then walked over and touched my hair. We spoke softly and I 
told her that this was my first such experience. Annie said she'd thought so. 
She took my hand and with the other grabbed a bottle of champagne and led me 
out onto the beach. We picked up a blanket from the patio, and began walking. 
About a half mile away we spread the blanket, and I laid down. Annie dropped 
down beside me, propped up on her elbows and stroked my breasts. As she 
touched my nipples she reached for the bottle and took a long swig of 
champagne. Instead of swallowing she reached over and let it drip down onto my 
face running into my mouth and nostrils. I laid almost hypnotised as she 
leaned forward and squirted the rest into my mouth. When she finished dripping 
champagne she continued with her saliva. She let it drip into my mouth, then 
my eyes, and then my nose. I couldn't believe it as her tongue entererd my 
nostril and she began to suck. It turned me on like nothing ever had before. 
My body began to vibrate. She sensed my total turnon and grabbed my head in 
her hands. She held it immobile and tongue fucked my nose, going from one 
nostril to the other. She'd stop, spit in my nose and then tongue it again. I 
felt her knee between my legs and I ground my pussy against her. Once, twice, 
once more and I came with a shattering climax.
	Annie continued to lick my face, especially my eyes and nose. She 
brought her lips to my ears and whispered to me to lick her pussy. I nodded 
assent and she laid back and closed her eyes. I knelt between her legs and 
rubbed my cheek against her thighs. Her soft pussy against my face felt so 
right and so sweet. I'd always loved the taste and smell of my own body, 
especially my cunt. I always sucked my fingers as I masturbated, and a man's 
cock after he fucked me. The taste of my pussy, and my asshole, if we'd had 
anal sex, never failed to excite me all over again.  
	I brought my tongue forward and touched her clit. I could feel the 
electric charge go through her. I stretched out and slid my hands under her 
asscheeks. I slowly stroked her clit with my tongue. I could feel it tingle 
with each stroke. Her pussy became wetter and wetter as I licked. As gently as
I could I ran my teeth over the nub of her clit. She began to grind forward 
into my face. I continued to lick and lengthened the stroke. As my tongue went 
back and forth across her pussy lips I could taste the cum from her earlier 
fucking with the guys. What a lovely combination! I curled my tongue and 
entered her pussy. As I did Annie clasped her legs around my back and guided 
me in and out of her pussy. I think I surprised Annie when I inserted my index 
finger up her asshole. It was still slick with Jim's cum and my finger glided 
all the way in. I could feel Annie slide back on to my finger trying to get it 
as far up her ass as it would go. I continued to stroke her clit with my 
tongue and she came. In a minute I started to remove my finger from her 
asshole. She said "Don't!" and I left it in place. She said that she loved the 
feel of my finger up her butt. I asked if she would like another finger up her 
ass and she nodded yes. I removed my index finger and brought my middle finger 
up to my lips to moisten it when she reached out and grabbed my hand. She 
brought it to her face and licked the finger that had just been up her 
asshole. I then took both fingers and slid them up her asshole again. I leaned 
forward and kissed her. We slowly explored each other's mouths, and swished 
saliva back and forth. With my mouth full I raised my lips and let our spit 
run into her nose. This time it was my turn. What a thrill it was to run my 
tongue up her nose, sucking the fluid out and then squirting it back in. Annie 
reached down and pulled my fingers from her asshole. She brought my hand up 
between our faces and we each sucked a finger. I could taste Jeff's come and 
the acrid taste of Annie's asshole.


To be continued...

--
