BEACHBOY        
	 
 
During the summer of 1982 I was lucky enough to 
have gotten a nice little apartment on Brighton 
Beach, only one block from the ocean.
 
Every morning I would walk on the beach, and 
during the afternoon I would wander under the 
boardwalk, quite a different world, especially with 
the beach being in NYC.
 
I engaged in a typical amount of boy watching, 
especially with those boys who would wander under 
the boardwalk. A boy in those days (not even to 
mention a man) could really get an education 
walking under that boardwalk
 
One Saturday morning I was wandering around 
under the walk in a fairly well populated area. 
People were scattered about, a few boys and youth 
changing, little kids running around naked, people 
avoiding the sun, one couple screwing under a 
blanket, just the average sights.
 
I spotted a young black boy of about ten or eleven, 
who at first seemed to me to be extremely 
hyperactive. He hovered around the couple screwing 
for a while, moving from one foot to the other like 
he really had to go to the bathroom. Every time that 
a man or a youth would wander up to the back wall 
of the boardwalk to take a piss, the boy would 
follow, stand right next to them, and would take out 
his penis as if he had to urinate. He would spend all 
of his time almost leaning over against the man or 
youth, trying to see their penis. I watched this boy 
in action for about ten minutes before realizing that 
he was not hyperactive, he was in a sort of sexual 
frenzy. He was an extremely horny boy who wanted 
to look at as many penises as he could.
 
Eventually not being able to hold off any longer, I 
wandered up to the wall, took out my penis, and 
stood there like I had to urinate. Sure enough, 
almost before I had my zipper down, the young boy 
was there standing besides me, his erect penis out in 
his hand. I noticed two things almost at once, one 
that he was a good looking boy, and two that he had 
a fairly big penis.
 
I did not urinate, but kept my penis out for a few 
extra minutes so that he could look at it. I figured 
that if the kid really got off at looking at men's 
cocks, who was I to deny him. As I put my penis 
back into my pants, realizing that a man could only 
stand there so long with his penis in his hand, 
especially with a little boy standing next to him, I 
looked over at him, smiled, and told him that he had 
a nice penis.
 
I headed down the beach under the boardwalk, to a 
more secluded area which came out near an area 
where boys use to hang out, and where I would 
sometimes see them playing sexually with each 
other.
 
As I rounded the bend, I heard someone coming up 
behind me. Being that I was in NYC, and in a 
secluded place, I was ready to panic, until I turned 
to find that the young black boy had followed me.
	
 
When he approached me I could see his erection 
bulging in his pants. He asked me if he could see my 
"dick" again, and if he could touch and hold it. "I 
only want to hold it for awhile", he told me in a low 
raspy voice.
 
I was at odds then, because I knew that he was very 
horny, and that he wanted badly to be able to play 
sexually with someone, but I told him that I did not 
feel safe standing there out in public while he held 
my dick.  I suggested that we go back to my 
apartment, and told him how close it was, but he 
was a little scared to do that. I didn't really blame 
him too much, after all, he did not know me.
 
Again the little boy said "pleeease!", as he put his 
hand over the front of my crotch squeezing a little. 
This, of course, brought me erect at once, which 
was not a good thing to have happen, as an erection 
was well known for clouding thinking. Succumbing 
to his charm, I told them that he could feel me up if 
he wanted to, but only for a couple of minutes.
 
Happily he reached under the leg of my shorts, up 
into my underpants, and brought my penis out into 
his hands. By this time I was horny, and was ready 
to burst. He touched, caressed, and examined me 
carefully, obviously enjoying him self very much.  
Not seeing anyone lurking around our area, I took 
his penis out of his pants the same way, and began to 
caress him.
 
After about two minutes he asked, "Don't you want 
me to suck it?" , and I almost melted right there. I 
again tried for my apartment, but the boy told me 
that he couldn't go there. He told me that his older 
brother was out on the beach selling sodas, and he 
had to hang around. Whether or not his story was 
true, I knew that he was too scared, one way or 
another, to go home with me.
 
The boy went down on me like someone who had 
been denied sex for years. I know that he was 
disappointed when I lasted for about forty-five 
seconds under his heavy attack. I felt a little better, 
however, when returning the favor, he lasted only 
about thirty seconds longer than I had.
 
When we had finished and put our cocks back away 
in our pants, he smiled at me with an impish smile 
and asked " Do you want to fuck me?" Ah, what a 
torturer. Of course I wanted to take him there right 
under the boardwalk, or to bring him a little further 
under the platform where sand dunes were built up, 
a favorite outdoor sex location in that area, but I 
was too nervous. I was scared enough about the 
activities we had already engaged in, let alone go 
further.
 
I told him that I would love to fuck him, and that I 
would love to have him fuck me, but that we were 
not safe right out there where anyone could walk by 
any minute. I told him that if he could come to my 
apartment, even for just a little while, we could do 
whatever he wanted to do. Of course, he refused.
 
When we parted, he said that he would see me the 
next day in the same area where I had first met him. 
I went back the next day, but he was not there, not 
did I see him again for the rest of the summer, even 
though I wandered the beach from Coney Island 
back to Brighton Beach looking for him.
 
Every time I seen a black boy on the beach, I looked 
twice, hoping that it was my little friend. I was sad 
when he did not appear again. It was obviously  that 
the little boy was lonely, that he liked men
and that he would have benefited from a relationship 
with a kind and loving man.  Even though the boy is 
now a young man, every time I see a young black 
boy on the street, I look carefully at his face, still 
looking for my little beachboy who was so fond of 
men's cocks.
