

The Beach

As I lay day dreaming on the beach, I suddenly and casually 
glanced to my left, only to see the most gorgeous
girl I had ever seen.  She looked up while I was surveying
her, and gave me a smile and a wink...I pulled my towel
over near hers, and then introduced myself.  She 
told me her name was Debbie, and we began talking...

After about 30 minutes of small-talk, she suddenly asked
me if I would rub some suntan lotion on her back.  Trying to
hide my excitement, I agreed.  She turned on her stomach, 
and unstrapped her top.  I began rubbing the lotion up
around her neck, and slowly worked my way down, .  Her  skin 
was soft and sexy, and her tan was very dark.  I found my 
hands wandering off of her back, around towards her breasts,
but she gently guided them back to where they started,
whispering "LATER"..I continued down her sensuous back, until 
I reached her ass.  I leaned closer, staring at it in 
awe.  It was a piece of art.  I longed to guide my cock in
between her buns, but I managed to resist.  I jumped past
her gorgeous ass, down to her long, sexy legs.  I took my
time there.  Finally, I reached her feet.  She wore purple
nail polish on her toes, and I was so horny that even this
began to turn me on.  When I was completely done, she asked 
me if I would go back to her beach house for some lunch.
I agreed, but lunch was not what I was hoping for!

When we got there, she asked if I would like to take a
shower first..I thought that she meant with her, but we ended
up taking separate showers...She made hamburgers for 
lunch, and as we were eating, she began to run her toes up and 
down my leg under the table.  Then she lifted her foot as high
as my crotch, and started to gently rub my shaft with her toe
The two of us quickly swallowed what was left of lunch, and
she led me to her bedroom.. We both quickly stripped, and
she sank to her knees and began sucking my swelled rod.

She deep throated me, and I came.  She swallowed with a 
smile and lay down on the bed, motioning for me to eat
her pussy.  I assure you that it was a very sweet and 
juicy desert.  Then we got into the 69 position, and enjoyed
one another at the same time.  Finally, she pulled me
on top of her, and guided my rod into her hot, steaming
cunt.  The rest of the day was spent making mattress magic.

