Archive-name: School/bedtime.txt
Archive-author: Shadowcat
Archive-title: Bedtime Story


It's your last class of the week and you are glad as hell cause its been a
 bitch but there is one consolation your new prof. She is gorgeous and moves
  and smells just as good. You have been having a hard time concentrating on
   your class work all hour because you notice even through her heavy sweater
    that her nipples are erect and you would swear that she isn't wearing a bra
     underneath it , which raises and undying question in your mind (and else
      where) if she is wearing any underwear at all. Just as you for the fourth
       time in as many minutes wish that you could wrap your lips around her
        aureole, you hear her say that class is dismissed , but as you start to
         stand she points a pencil at you and says that she needs to talk to
          you. You restlessly wonder what could have gone wrong so early in
           the semester as it is only the third week and this must be a new
            record even for you. But patiently you wait till the rest of the
             class has left then nervously you walk up to her desk. Her long
              wavy red hair is draping down over her shoulder like a cloak
               and it makes it that much harder for you to think of her as a
                superior but you try.  Then she looks up and you see her emerald
                 green eyes looking you swear right to your heart and you look
                  away hoping she can't read your mind. She reaches over oh so
                   gently places her hand under your chin and lifts it so that
                    you are forced to look into those most enchanting eyes. She
                     smiles and asks you what is wrong you weren't having any
                      problem looking at her in class and you realize that she
                       caught you staring at her and you turn a shade of red
                        that is definitely a new addition to the painters art.
                       She gives off a laugh that sounds more like a tinkling
                      of bells then a human utterance. She then tells you that
                     she doesn't mind and in fact is quite flattered she then
                    looks at your crotch and repeats quite flattered. once more
                   you make a new chromatic effect. She just smiles and  asks
                  what you have planned for the night. You are slightly stunned
                 by her forwardness but answer that you had only planned to
                possible go out drinking with the guys and then crashing.
              She says that that sounds rather dull and asks if you wouldn't
             rather come to her place for a drink , as she presses her ample
            bosom against your arm. Not wanting to let the spell break you
           ask where she lives and explain that you would like to get a shower
          and change before you go over. She grins and says that the two of
         you can stop over at your room for you to grab a change of clothes
        and you can take a shower at her place. Not believing your luck you
       agree and say that it might be a good idea for the two of you to meet
      on neutral ground and suggest that she wait for you at the student union
     and that you will meet her there in 10 minutes. She agrees and tells
    you to make sure that you bring your black denims and gray flannel shirt
   that you had been wearing last week. This definitely confirms that you
  haven't been the only one looking seeing as those are your tightest jeans.
 It takes you about 3 minutes to get to your dorm--a new school record;
 another two to find your clothes then 4 to get to the union leaving you
 a whole minute to rest. Just then she walks in looks around as if hunting for
  someone she can't find ,gives you a nod then leaves. You give it a few
   minutes for comfort then you get up and follow her out. She is sitting
    waiting in her car. You get in and it smells like roses. You nervously
     sit back and you're off. About a block away you hit a red light and she
      bends over and kisses you dead on the lips. The shock slowly wears off
       and you look at her--she seems to have a look as if this is an every
        day occurrence. When you arrive at her apartment it is on the outskirts
         of town and you are sure that no one will recognize you. You slowly
          head up the stairs that lead to her flat watching her supple ass
           all the way and you are almost positive she is wearing nothing
            beneath. You reach the top of the stairs and she shows you where
             you can take your shower. You shut the door behind you, breathe
              a sigh of relief and get undressed. After a few minutes under
               the hot water you hear what sounds like the door opening and
                softly closing. Just then the shower door slides open and there
                 she stands completely unclothed from her soft red hair to her
                  two bare feet. You stand there in amazement as she asks
                   if she can join you. You blink twice and say sure, and she
                    slips in beside you then closes the door and picks up the
                     soap and begins to lather your chest. Just then the soap
                      slips from her hand and not missing a beat you pick it up
                       and begin rubbing it over her firm soft breasts, and
                      decide that they are far from a disappointment. You then
                     ease your way down to her stomach and lather it up. You
                    feel a hand on the back of yours and she slowly guides it
                   to the flame red bush at the apex of her thighs and you feel
                  her hot wet passage on your finger tips and you begin to
                 slowly rub till her clit emerges from its hood then you ever
                so carefully make circular motions with you fingers just above
               her panic button till she can take almost no more, and asks you
              to stop. She then turns around to rinse her self off and you get
             your first real glimpse of her firm raw ass. just as your mouth
            begins to water she turns and takes the soap from your hand and
           begins to once more wash your chest and stomach, then slowly moves
          her way down till she is holding your erect cock in her hand and
         gives you the most expert hand job in history. Just as you are about
        to blow she stops and says that you had better rinse off and get
       dressed for dinner then gets out of the shower and leaves the room.
      You quickly hop out of the stall, dry your self off and get dressed.
     When you get out of the bathroom She is standing there wearing the tightest
    pair of slacks you have ever seen and they accentuate her muff well enough
   so you are positive this time that she is wearing no underwear. She
  informs you that dinner will be ready in a couple minutes and suggests that
 the two of you go in the living room and have a drink while you wait. The
conversation over drinks is anything but sexual as she asks the standard
 what are you going to do with your life shit that always goes on when
  you don't know what else to say. Dinner also proves to be nice but far
   from exciting till dessert when she walks over to the refrigerator and
    takes out only a can of Redi-Whip and announces that she is dessert and
     sets the can down on the table and undoes the zipper to her pants
     (which you notice goes all the way from the front to the back).
       She steps out of the jeans and sits down on the table in front of
        you with one foot on each side of your chair and hands you the
         whipped cream. You spray a little bit around the outside of her
          quim then shoot some up inside and begin to run your tongue all
           around making sure you get every last bit and almost bringing
            her off but just stopping on the brink like she had done to you.
             She is hot and ready and says that you aren't going to get away
              that easy as she grabs your wrist and leads you into the bedroom
               where she pushes you backwards onto the bed and yanks the
                jeans right off your body and massages you cock till its hard
                 and ready, then eases her hot quim over your cock till you
                  can feel every inch inside her hot spasming cunt, and
                   she gives out a long low moan as you feel every muscle
                    grip and release through her orgasm. Then after what seems
                     like forever she looks down and grins and says that now
                      its your turn to go to heaven and slowly lowers her
                       warm soft lips around your cock and slides up and down
                      till you think your mind will leave you then she gives
                     one last deep throat and you blow your load deep down
                    her throat and the two of you lie there in the glow of
                   you passion , only to continue once more the next day--
                  but that is another story entirely.
 

--
