                              THE BEGGAR

                          by Barrett Robinson


It was the middle of December and very cold and blustery.  I had 
just come home from a long day at the office and was just start-
ing dinner when I heard noise outside my window.  The garbage 
rack was just outside my window, and it was pretty obvious that 
someone was rummaging through it.  My first thought was 'Those 
god damned drunkards'.  The town drunks were always searching 
through our dumpsters for aluminum cans, newspapers, and bottles 
so that they could turn them in for cash in order to buy more 
alcohol.  Naturally I peeked out the window to see which one of 
them it was.  I saw nobody.  Now my curiosity was stirred.  So I 
threw on a winter jacket and went outside.  Again I heard noise, 
but saw nobody.  Finally I put my head into the hole in the side, 
turned on the flashlight and much to my surprise was a boy, 
around the age of 15.  When I reached inside to try and help him 
out, he bit my hand.  Hell, if he was going to treat me this way, 
I was not about to try and help him.  So I went back inside.

     All the time I was cooking dinner, I heard the boy rummaging 
through the dumpster even more.  My caring side of my personality 
took over once again.  The meal I had just fixed, I put on a 
plate, opened the window and set it outside.  I announced aloud 
to the beggar that this food was for him and to come out of there 
and eat a decent meal.  With that I closed the window and went 
back to the kitchen to fix my own dinner.

     While I was eating I heard some rustling just outside my 
window.  I knew that the boy was eating the nice meal I set out-
side for him.  So I waited for about 20 minutes before I went to 
the window.  There on my window sill was the empty plate.  It 
made me feel good that he ate it all.

     The next night while watching television, I heard a knock on 
my window.  When I opened the curtain, there was that same small 
boy cowering in the snow.  I knew he wanted food, so I went to 
the kitchen and fixed him a ham steak with corn.  No sooner than 
I put it outside, he woofed it all down and ran away.

     The next night was absolutely a nightmare.  The wind chill 
factor had the temperature down to 40 below zero.  And it was 
snowing hard.  Again came the knock on my window.  Shocked as 
hell to see that same little boy outside with nothing more on 
than shirt, pants and a blue jean jacket.  He was freezing and 
his skin was pale.  I opened the window and told him to get 
inside.  He didn't speak, but it was obvious he wouldn't come in 
and that he just wanted his food.  So I reached out quickly and 
just yanked him inside and shut the window.  Immediately he 
kicked me in the shins.  There in front of me stood a dark, oily 
haired kid with gorgeous and sad blue eyes.  He was probably 
about 5'6" and around 125 pounds.  He was absolutely good look-
ing, at least if he was cleaned up a bit.  His clothes reeked of 
garbage, and were filthy.  After about five minutes of a staring 
contest I finally spoke.

     "Listen.  You are cold, dirty and smelly.  If you want any 
food, you will have to clean up.  I know a nice warm bath would 
feel great, so why don't you go into the bathroom, get out of 
those wet and cold clothes, toss them out in the hall and take a 
nice warm bath.  I will put your clothes in the washer and fix 
you some dinner."

     With that, he gave me a real nasty look.  Only after I 
reminded him that I was not going to feed him until he did what I 
said, did he take action.  He went into the bathroom, started up 
the water and a few minutes later he threw all his clothes out in 
the hall.  I snatched them up and threw them in the laundry.  All 
that was in his pockets was 25 cents and a small pocket knife.  
Once I started up the washer I went back into the kitchen to fix 
dinner.  About 10 minutes later I heard the bathroom door open.  
He poked his head out and just looked at me.  He wanted some 
clothes.  I went into my bedroom and brought him my bathrobe.  
Within a few minutes he came out.  He immediately plopped down on 
the sofa and watched television while I prepared his food.  As 
soon as I put the plate in front of him, the food was gone.  This 
kid was HUNGRY!

     After he has eaten all that I gave him, he fell asleep on 
the couch.  I finished his laundry, and stacked it beside the 
sofa.  I later turned in myself and when I awoke, found him gone.

     The next night was even worse than the night before.  Again 
came the knock on my window.  And again there he stood dirtier 
than before.  He didn't hesitate when I opened the window.  He 
flew right in, threw his clothes off and ran to the bathroom and 
took a bath.  It was truly astonishing.  So once again, I fixed 
him a meal.  This time a steak.  After his bath, he again ate 
like he hadn't eaten in weeks.  No manners whatsoever.  Again he 
fell asleep on the couch.

     The next morning when I awoke, I was shocked to still find 
him asleep on the couch.  The expression on his face told me he 
was happy and warm.  But I had to go to work.  I couldn't just 
leave him here as I was afraid that he would steal anything he 
could get his hands on.  So I called in sick to work.

     About two hours later, he awoke.  I fixed him breakfast and 
he ate it all very quickly.  While he ate I just watched him and 
looked him over.  He was doing the same to me while he ate!  This 
kid was pretty good looking.  Through the bathrobe I could see 
that he had a nice looking set of legs and a smooth semi-muscular  
chest.  He was tremendously good looking.  Thoughts raced through 
my mind about always wanting to do it with a boy about this age.  
But feelings of remorse and worry wiped those thoughts out rather 
quick.  Why was he rummaging through garbage, where were his 
parents, etc.

     After he finished eating he went back to sleep.  I went into 
my bedroom and also went back to sleep.  I hadn't been asleep for 
more than 30 minutes before I awoke.  There not three feet from 
me was this boy just standing there.  Again I tried to converse 
with him.  No response.  Finally he made some kind of 
response...he inched closer to the bed.  I immediately read his 
mind and offered him to sleep in the bed.  He darted right under 
the sheets and just smiled at me.

     Again I dosed off.  When I awoke this time, the boy was 
nestled up real close to me.  I could feel him trembling...but it 
was just that he was still cold.  So I put my arm around him and 
drew him in close.  That made him even happier.  After about 10 
minutes he stopped shivering.

     About 10 A.M.  I got out of bed and went to the bathroom to 
take a shower and shave.  No sooner than I had stepped out of the 
shower and put my underpants on, the boy came in and pointed to 
the bath tub.  I understood and told him to take his bath.  I 
stood in front of the mirror and continued shaving.  He started 
the water up, but just stood there looking at me.  I couldn't 
figure this one out.  Finally I realized that he wanted me to 
leave before he stripped down.  With a puzzled look, I told him, 
"You think you have something that I ain't got?"  Wow, I got a 
smirk from him.  He understood and removed the robe and climbed 
into the bath tub.  I continued shaving.  I kept taking glances 
in his direction.  He had not one hair on his body!  Yet he ap-
peared to be around 15 or 16 years of age.  His chest was well 
defined, nice nipples, and I about died when I caught a look at 
his young cock.  It was pretty inviting...large sack, and reason-
ably sized for his age.  I returned to my shaving.

     I noticed out of the corner of my eye that he was staring at 
me.  His eyes wandered up and down my body.  I turned to look at 
him with a puzzled look.  He just stared at me.  Finally I asked 
him what was wrong.  He continued staring.  Finally he said his 
first words to me.

     "Would you wash me?"

     I almost laughed, but realized that he probably had never 
taken a bath for months, maybe even years.  So I wiped the shav-
ing cream off of my face and knelt down next to the bath tub.  I 
lathered up his back, arms, chest and legs.  All the time, he 
just stared at me.  While rubbing my hands all across his smooth 
young body, I realized that this kid was not a starved kid and 
wondered why in hell would he be digging through garbage for his 
dinner.  I didn't bother asking him, I just kept bathing him.  
After rinsing him off I went to get a towel.  When I came back 
and offered him the towel he refused.  This kid was very puzzling 
to say the least.

     Finally I knelt down next to the tub and asked, "Do you have 
any parents?"

     He stared again for another couple of minutes, but finally 
answered, "Not any more".

     To me that wasn't an answer, and he knew it.  So he volun-
teered some more.  "I ran away from home last year."

     Now we were getting someplace.  Finally I prodded the whole 
story out of him.  His name was Joey.  He was only 13 years old.  
His parents lived in Los Angeles and they always were fighting.  
It ended up that his mom shot his dad.  His mom never cared for 
him since he was the result of his mom being raped in an alley 
after work one night.  So after the whole affair back in Califor-
nia, he hitchhiked all the way to Ohio.  He liked Columbus, Ohio 
because so many people threw good stuff into the garbage.  He had 
a little home in an abandoned warehouse about a mile from my 
apartment.  After he finished telling me all this, he hugged me.  
I gave him a good hug and smiled.  This kid had been through a 
lot in the past year.  No wonder he was more mature than most 
people his age.  That explained the lack of pubic hair.

     Joey just sat in the tub and just looked at me.  He knew how 
I felt.  But what he did next literally shocked me.

     "Let me see your cock," Joey muttered.

     "What?  What for?" I asked.

     "I want to see how big it is."

     Now this was turning into a rather interesting day.  I still 
had no intentions of having sex with this young boy, but I knew 
at that age I was rather curious about sex myself.  So to satisfy 
his curiosity, I took off my underpants.  

     "Take a bath with me?" Joey asked.

     What the heck? I thought to myself, and climbed into the 
bath tub with him.  Joey grabbed the bar of soap and lathered up 
my back, rinsed it off, lathered up my arms, rinsed them off, 
lathered up my legs and rinsed them off.  I was surprised that I 
was not get sexually excited from his gentle massaging.  Then he 
lathered up my chest and rinsed it off.  It felt nice but now I 
was getting worried that this boy was even more mature than I had 
imagined.  But for now, he proved me wrong.

     "Your turn," Joey stated.

     So I again lathered him up and washed him.  He really en-
joyed it.  When I finished he stood up and turned around.  Oh 
boy, his cock was not one foot away from my face.  

     "Pretty big for my age ain't it?" Joey declared.

      He sat down facing me.  I had to be honest, it was, so I 
replied, "Yes, pretty gifted for your age".

     "Yeah, that's what other people have said, but I only wish I 
could get it up!" Joey said coolly.

     Joey again took the bar of soap and worked up a lather in 
his hands.  I had no idea what he was about to do.  Without 
warning he started lathering my cock.  He was so gentle in han-
dling my penis.  He caressed it as if it was a pet.  As he 
scrubbed I fought to control my sex drive.  But my cock betrayed 
me as it came to a raging hard-on.  His small hands massaging my 
most private member felt awesome.  And he knew exactly what he 
was doing.  Within minutes I felt as if I was going to cum.  But 
just before the breaking point, he stopped and rinsed it off.

     "Do it to me," Joey demanded.

     I hesitated at going along with this foreplay, but my sexual 
desire tempted me even more.  I grabbed the bar of soap and 
created a nice lather.  I reached over taking his limp cock into 
my hands and massaged it.  I rubbed the head in circular motions, 
stroked the stem, very gently rubbed and squeezed his balls.  But 
no matter what I tried, he wouldn't get an erection.  He was 
right, he still hadn't matured that far.

     "See what I mean, I can't have sex," Joey exclaimed.

     Now I was determined to give Joey his first ejaculation.  I 
moved forward and laid him back in the tub.  Joey was getting 
nervous.

     "What's wrong?" I asked.

     "Dad always stuck his penis up my butt," Joey said nervous-
ly.  "Please don't do it to me."

     "I wasn't going to do anything like that to you Joey.  Just 
relax," I assured him.

     I leaned over and gave Joey a full kiss on the mouth.  He 
liked that, so I did it again this time giving him my tongue.  He 
liked that even more.  So I kept kissing him, and finally started 
kissing his ears and down his neck.  Joey giggled, and complained 
that it tickled.  So I started to kiss his chest and nipples.  
Those giggles started to turn into 'Ooohhh'.  This was making 
Joey  feel real good.  He liked it.  So I kept it up until I 
thought that it was enough and moved on down to his stomach area.  
His cock was still limp as could be.  After a thorough workout 
with my  lips all over his body, he still was not excited.  So 
this time while I kissed his body, and massaged his cock.  Whoo-
ah...I started to feel his sack tighten and his cock started to 
get semi-hard, but it would not get fully erected.  But Joey was 
feeling great pleasure.  His breathing became erratic.  So while 
I was getting a reaction I decided to go for it.  I wrapped my 
fingers around his cock and sank my lips over the head.  Joey 
yelped.

     Within minutes his cock was harder than any cock I have felt 
before.  His sack has his balls packed against his body.  I knew 
he was about to experience his first ejaculation.  I returned to 
his cock with my mouth.  My tongue swirling and sliding around 
his  cock head.  All the time massaging his tight balls with my 
hand.  I speed the tempo up and Joey started moaning.  Joey 
grabbed my head and pushed it down onto his cock.  He loved this!  
I kept up the pace then finally slowed down when his moaning got 
even louder.  As my lips moved even slower up and down his nice 
shaft, Joey became quieter, but his body got very tense.  I knew 
it was about to happen.  So now I made sure my lips only made a 
feathery touch type pass over his cock, my tongue rolling across 
the head.  Suddenly his body became absolute tense, every muscle 
stretched, and as he let out his final yelp, I felt his cock 
expand and his juices fill my mouth.  Joey truly filled my mouth 
with his cum.  Joey's body collapsed, but I kept sucking.  Within 
only minutes his body was tense again and he shot is second load.  
He begged for one more time.  So not to disappoint him, I contin-
ued rolling my tongue around his cock.  It took longer this time.  
Joey was in ecstasy.  His moaning was tremendous this time, his 
body extremely tight, and his balls were very withdrawn inside 
his body.  But after he came, he collapsed in sheer exhaustion.  
I laid  down beside him in the tub, and refilled the tub with 
warm water.  He cuddled up beside me and dozed off for a few 
minutes.

     When he awoke, he said "God, I wish I could have done that 
years ago," and smiled at me.

     No sooner than the last word had left his mouth, his mouth 
was over my limp cock.  His small hand squeezing my balls while 
the other stroked with his lips up and down my cock.  It took 
very little time to get a raging hard-on.  He sucked up and down 
the sides of my cock, licked the tip of my cock, and then took it 
all  in his mouth.  Joey had troubles at first and gagged, but 
after a few minutes he was taking it all in.  I could feel the 
tip of my cock down his throat.  It was wonderful.  He had a 
great touch too...a feathery light sucking action.  Those lips 
very lightly sliding up and down the shaft.

     "Swirl your tongue around the head," I told Joey.

     He obeyed.  He was catching on, and fast!  I was about to 
shoot.  Joey kept squeezing my balls as he sucked, and it was 
beginning to ache because my sack was so tight.  Joey went wild, 
he wanted to taste my cum.  He sucked faster and lighter.  Final-
ly I came, filling his young mouth with my cum.  I shot wad after 
wad before finally relaxing, but Joey wanted more.  He kept 
sucking harder and faster.  The tingling feeling returned, but 
Joey was not hurting me.  His teeth rubbing against the side of 
my cock.  I wanted to cum one more time for him, so I concentrat-
ed all sensation on the tip of my cock.  Joey's tongue returned 
to the swirling motion, now exploring the creases of the head of 
my cock.  He squeezed my balls, not allowing them to withdraw 
inside me.  Joey was getting tired.  So I grabbed the back of his 
head and told him to stop.  And I took the effort away by fucking 
his mouth.  I raised and lowered my pelvis, thrusting my cock 
deep down his throat.  Joey lightened up his lips, and once again 
to the feathery touch.  I felt the cum rising and finally shot 
another round of cum down his throat.  When all was done, Joey 
looked up at me, smiled (with cum dripping from his chin) and 
once again rinsed my body of our cum.

     After we both got cleaned up, Joey cuddled up beside me on 
the couch in the living room.  He fell asleep in my arms.  When 
he awoke we started talking.

     One thing led to another.  He mentioned how is dad fucked 
his ass, and how forceful and painful it was.  But he wanted me 
to fuck his ass.

     "I feel different about you.  I know you will be gentle and 
not do it in anger.  Fuck me please!"

     I didn't want to for fear of bringing back flashbacks of 
what his father had done to him.  Joey would not take no for an 
answer.  He stood up and stripped down.  He climbed up on my lap 
and said, "If you won't fuck me, then let me do the work."

     With that comment Joey spread his legs wide apart, stroked 
my cock till it was hard, and started to sit down on my cock.  I 
felt the tip of my cock enter his tight asshole.  The heat was 
tremendous.  Joey stopped, every so often trying to take more up 
his ass.  Each step further down he went, the more painful the 
expression showed on his face.  Finally Joey decided the heck 
with  the slow torture as he sat down hard on my cock.  My cock 
rammed right up his ass and within a split second, my cock was 
all the way inside his young rectum.  Joey wrapped his arms 
around me and cried while my cock was deep inside him.  Joey was 
in tremendous pain.  I held him for several minutes.  Joey gradu-
ally became more relaxed and you could tell the pain was subsid-
ing.  He then started moving his asshole up and down my shaft.  
The painful expression turned to pleasure.  By now it was all 
pleasure to me.  His asshole gripped my cock as if it didn't want 
to let it go.  As Joey slid his asshole up my cock, he tightened 
his butt, and as he descended he relaxed.  His asshole was liter-
ally sucking on my cock.  It felt better than the blow job he had 
given me earlier.  And the ecstasy lasted even longer.  Joey's 
asshole begged him for  more.  He sank down on my cock harder and 
harder, asking for more.  Wanting more he motions sped up.  His 
asshole was now used to my cock and I could feel the grip loosen-
ing up, as the sensation went from tightness to a light massag-
ing.  Joey sped up even more, now a constant heat building up 
from the friction.  Joey was moaning, I was moaning.  I started 
stroking his cock.  Both of us working up a sweat.  Suddenly, 
Joey's cock erupted his cum up onto my chest and stomach.  Watch-
ing his cock spew out the white juice, I shot my load up his ass, 
some streaming back down the stem of my cock.  After our orgasms 
had subsided, Joey stood up, his now semi-hard cock dangling in 
front of him with cum dripping from the tip.  Joey bent over and 
licked his cum off of my chest.

     After we had cleaned up, Joey once again cuddled up with me 
on the couch while we watched MASH.  He fell asleep in my arms.  
That night Joey slept with me in my bed, using my lap as his 
pillow.  I awoke in the middle of the night, in the middle of a 
wet dream, and there was Joey sucking away on my cock.  It didn't 
take long to cum, and once it was over, he again cuddled up 
beside me.  

     In the morning I awoke with no signs of Joey anywhere.  His 
clothes were gone, but there was a note on the kitchen table.

     "Thanks for showing me about sex, and making my first expe-
rience the best it could be.  I have to leave as I want to remem-
ber you the way I do.  I love you and will never forget what you 
have done for me."
