                      BEHIND THE GYM - FRESHMAN YEAR
                      --------------   -------------
     
     
     It all started in my freshman year. I was a fairly shy boy, about
     five feet  six inches  tall, 105 pounds, slim but firm body, dark
     brown hair, hazel eyes, and a good 7 inches of hard cock. Most of
     the girls  seemed to  be interested in me so I guess I wasn't too
     bad to  look at. In my freshman year of high school, my gym class
     was my last class of the day.
     
     We did  the usual  things in  gym like play baseball, basketball,
     wrestle, and  play volleyball.  I never  noticed that  I had more
     meat between  my legs  and a lot more hair there than most of the
     other guys  in my  gym class.  But obviously the other guys in my
     gym class  noticed, because  one day one of the guys walked up to
     me and  told me  that I must be real proud of the big cock that I
     had. He  wanted to know if I jacked off a lot to get it that big,
     and if  it felt good when I shot my load? I was so shocked that I
     didn't know how to answer so I blushed, ran back to my locker and
     dressed as fast as I could. All I could think of was that he must
     have been one of those "queers" that I had heard about.
     
     Then one  day I  noticed that  a lot  of the  other guys  used to
     shower and  get dressed  then leave  the gym  by the rear door. I
     thought this was odd, because I knew that the rear of the gym was
     completely surrounded  by a  ten foot  high chain link fence. The
     gym was  perched high  on a  hill and  the first four feet of the
     fence was  brick. It  was impossible  to see into the area behind
     the gym. Then one day one of the other guys in my gym class asked
     me why I never came out back and got into a cockfight?
     
     I was  caught off guard by the question, but I didn't want him to
     think I didn't know what he was talking about. So I told him that
     I just  never had  time for  it.  That  afternoon  after  gym  he
     insisted that  I join  him and  go behind  the gym  and watch the
     cockfights. I thought that a cockfight was done with two roosters
     in a  large pen,  but boy  was I  surprised to  find out that the
     roosters were  guys and  the cocks were the hunks of meat between
     their legs and the pen was the sheltered area behind the gym.
     
     I followed  my friend  to the  area behind  the  gym  and  to  my
     surprise, there  were at least twenty other guys back there. Some
     of the  hunks who I occasionally fantasized about were there too.
     All of a sudden I saw one of the guys walk up to another guy, and
     choose him  off, but  he had no intention of slugging it out with
     him instead  he reached  over and unbuttoned the other guys levis
     and pulled  them down,  then he  reached over and pulled down the
     guys jockey  shorts and  pulled  out  his  semi  hard  cock.  The
     aggressor was a guy named Charlie Quinn. He was one of those kind
     of guys who no one liked and everyone avoided. He and his younger
     brother Mike were both very cocky and obnoxious.
     
     The guy  who Charlie  had just stripped, reached out and unzipped
     Charlie's pants  and dropped  them to  the ground and then pulled
     down Charlie's  boxer shorts.  Then he  reached out and grabbed a
     hold of Charlie's hard cock.
     
     The two  guys began  to apply  some spit  to each others now hard
     cock and  begin to  stroke each  other. Charlie kept taunting his
     opponent, telling him that he, Charlie was more of a man than his
     opponent.
     
     Charlie's opponent  was a  very quiet guy who rarely spoke during
     class and  seemed to be very studious. His name was David Mulica.
     He had  what appeared  to me  to be  a good seven inches of cock.
     David had  dark hair,  dark brown  eyes and a nice firm build. He
     rarely smiled, but when he did it was very sexy. Charlie insisted
     that he  could last  longer in his girlfriends "pussy" than David
     could. By  making the  other guy  come first  in  a  one  on  one
     cockfight the  one who  held out the longest felt that he was the
     more masculine.  I found  out later that Charlie had never lost a
     cockfight to  anyone. some  of the guys were betting money on who
     would win,  but it  was obvious that not many were willing to bet
     on David, I guess they all knew of Charlie's "masculinity".
     
     The two men stroked each other faster and faster. I was surprised
     when I  noticed that my own cock was getting uncontrollably stiff
     in my levis, and I felt as though I would cum in my pants. All of
     a sudden David began to breathe very fast and it was obvious that
     he was  about to  lose control and cum. Charlie sensed it too and
     began to  tell David  that  it  was  over  for  him.  "cum  Dave,
     Cum...I've got you now dude", Charlie touted.
     
     Dave couldn't  hold back  any longer  and he  finally gave in. He
     shot his  hot white  cum all  over Charlie's arm and all over the
     ground below.  David was exhausted and very embarrassed. Then all
     of a sudden three other guys came over and grabbed David and held
     him in a bent position with his head held firmly between the legs
     of one  of the  guys. My first instinct was to go over and try to
     help him to get free, but I'm glad I didn't. Charlie then plunged
     his still  hard cock  into David's  tight pink  butt hole.  David
     screamed as  Charlie entered  and  then  Charlie  began  to  fuck
     David's ass  faster and  faster until  he  could  take  no  more.
     Finally Charlie  let out  an agonizing  groan and  began  to  cum
     inside David's shivering body.
     
     Soon Charlie withdrew his softening cock and pulled up his pants.
     The guys  who were  holding David  let him  go and  David quickly
     pulled up  his pants  and ran into the gym. Charlie looked around
     to see  if anyone  else wanted  to try  their hand at a cockfight
     with him, but it was apparent that no one was going to test their
     masculinity that day, at least not with Charlie.
     
     Finally Charlie  retreated into  the gym.  Some of the other guys
     began to  make  challenging  gestures  at  other  guys  who  were
     standing around  watching. I saw three other guys get their cocks
     whipped and  their butts  fucked raw  that afternoon. Many of the
     guys there  were talking  about the  possibility of  getting John
     Tucker to cockfight with Charlie.
     
     John was the one and only Football jock who everyone looked up to
     and idolized. He was an "A" student who could do no wrong. He was
     the hunk of hunks on campus, yet he was not a snob and was one of
     the most  easy going  guys I knew. He was by far the best looking
     guy on campus even other guys agreed on this.
     
     John had blonde hair and blue eyes and was about five foot eleven
     inches tall and had a muscular body that most body builders dream
     about. His  smile was  warm and  contagious  and  he  showed  the
     biggest basket  of anyone  I've ever  seen. I could get a hard on
     just watching him walk down the halls. He used to wear some tight
     light blue  corduroys that  accented his  big basket  and made it
     look twice as large as normal.
     
     It was  well known  that there  was no love lost between John and
     Charlie, and  there were always rumors that they would fight each
     other after  school, but  no one  believed that  John would  risk
     expulsion, just so he could smash Charlie's face in. Then one day
     the rumors  were spreading  that Charlie had challenged John to a
     cockfight. I  didn't think  that John  even knew what a cockfight
     was, but to my surprise, John accepted the challenge.
     
     Charlie was  going around the school boasting at how tough he was
     and that he was going to "cream John's big cock".
     
     Finally the  afternoon of  the fight  had come  and the back area
     behind the  gym was  packed with guys. Lucky for me I was able to
     get a  position where  I could  see everything nice and close and
     not miss  a stroke.  Soon Charlie  showed up  and  was  strutting
     around like  a cocky  jerk. Then  I could  hear the  guys quietly
     wishing John  well as  he stepped through the crowd of men at the
     gym door. John stepped to the open area and faced Charlie.
     
     Charlie looked  at John  and said  "Hey man, are you ready to get
     your cock  creamed before  all  of  your  little  rich  kid  brat
     friends?" John replied "Charlie, I'm going to whip you silly, you
     ass hole. I'm going to let you feel a real mans dick and I'll bet
     when you  get one feel of it you're going to cream right then and
     there." Charlie  began as  usual. He reached out, unzipped John's
     pants and  pulled them down. Then he reached over and pulled down
     John's white  jockey shorts. John's cock was already semi-hard in
     anticipation of the workout it was about to get.
     
     Then John  followed his  lead and  after they  both  had  applied
     enough spit to make the strokes slide sensitively up and down the
     other's cock  they began  to stroke  each  other  real  slow  and
     rhythmically. Soon  both Charlie  and John began to stroke faster
     and faster  until finally  John began to show signs of giving in.
     Everyone there was cheering for John to hold on, but it seemed to
     do no good as it appeared that John was slipping fast.
     
     Then all of a sudden Charlie stopped mid stroke and said "oh poor
     John, I  don't want to make you look too bad in front of all your
     friends. I'll  give you a little rest to catch your breath before
     I finish  you off and show all these guys what you look like when
     you loose  control and  shoot your  hot load  of cum all over the
     fucking place."
     
     John continued  to stroke  Charlie's hard  throbbing dick.  Then,
     after Charlie  let John's  cock  rest  for  about  a  minute,  he
     regained his  grip on  John's hard  throbbing cock,  and began to
     stroke it with nice even long fast strokes.
     
     Before long  he had  John's whole  body shivering  and  his  cock
     throbbing and  slippery from  the precum that was now flowing out
     of John's  cock. Then John put his head back and began to whimper
     and moan  as Charlie  stroked his  cock faster.  "All right  stud
     cakes, don't  fight it,  let it  cum John...  I've got you now...
     just relax  and let  me finish  you off.  Your  cock  is  getting
     creamed now  John!" Charlie  said. John  answered "oh  no, you're
     whipping my  fucking dick,  man. Oh  no I can't take any more, oh
     please...ooohhhh  shhhiiit   man  I'm  cumming.  Oh  you  fucking
     bastard. Oh  no!..." Then  John gave  in and  his big dick shot a
     load of  hot cum  across Charlie's  shoulder and  into the crowd.
     Then another  load shot,  this time it hit me on the arm and some
     of it  bounced onto  the guy  standing next  to me. The crowd was
     screaming and  cursing as  John shot  load after  hot load of his
     pent up manhood.
     
     That whole  afternoon was  spent watching  four guys  try to hold
     John while Charlie fucked his unwilling hole. John cursed Charlie
     and when  it was  all over  John pulled  up his  pants, (his blue
     cords) and  ran into the gym, a defeated man. As John ran past me
     I could see that he had been crying and was totally humiliated by
     the whole ordeal.
     
     I looked down and noticed that I must have gotten so excited that
     I came  in my  pants while  I was  watching John getting his dick
     whipped. John  did not  come back  to class for three days and he
     never played football the same again.
     
     As days  turned into  weeks John and I became very close friends.
     He would  always wait  for me  after my gym class and we would go
     home and  study and  sometimes go to the beach and walk along the
     water's edge  just talking.  He never  spoke about  his cockfight
     with Charlie,  and I  sensed that  I should not mention it to him
     either.
     
     Then one  day after  gym, John  met me as usual. But this time he
     was out of breath. He said he had something to tell me about, but
     he couldn't  tell me until we got home. We raced home and then he
     told me  the horrifying  news. There  were  rumors  going  around
     school that  Charlie's younger  brother Mike  wanted  to  have  a
     cockfight with me.
     
     John asked me if I knew about it and I said "no." Then he pleaded
     with me not to do it with him. He said that it would be better if
     I just ignored the challenge. After some thought I told John that
     I wanted  to have  a cockfight  with Mike. "I'm going to make him
     pay for  what Charlie  did to you John", I said. John was silent.
     "You know  what Charlie  did to  me?" he asked. "Yes", I said, "I
     was there,  I saw  the whole  thing". John had a look on his face
     that I've never seen before.
     
     "I'm so  embarrassed", he  said. "No,  don't be  embarrassed",  I
     said. "All  I want from you is your friendship and your support",
     I said. He nodded in agreement.
     
     Then John  said something  that I thought I'd never hear from his
     lips. "well",  he said,  "I guess the best thing for you to do is
     to practice  your stroke,  or you'll  never stand  a chance.  And
     since I've  been there  before, and  there's no one else around I
     guess I'll be the one you'll have to practice with".
     
     John and I pulled down our pants and began to fondle each other's
     cock. His big dick was throbbing and stiff, and felt wonderful in
     my fist.  His warm  fist was heaven, wrapped around my hard cock.
     We began  stroking each  other  slow  and  easy.  Then  gradually
     quickened the  stroking, faster  and faster  we stroked.  I could
     feel his cock throbbing stronger in my fist and I could also feel
     my cock  nearing the  exploding point. We stroked on each other's
     cock for what seemed like hours.
     
     Then suddenly  John's body began to shiver and convulse. He began
     to stroke on my cock with fast short strokes, but my long strokes
     on his  cock were obviously doing the job. John put his head down
     to watch  his cock  as it exploded with load after load of white,
     hot cum.  We  kept  stroking  on  each  other's  cock.  John  was
     insistent on  seeing my  load shoot, and within a few seconds, he
     got his  wish. I  could take no more of his sensitive stroking on
     my cock,  and I finally gave in to it. My cock exploded, shooting
     hot streams  of my  manjuice all  over John's  chest and  arm. He
     congratulated me  and said  that I  may have  a better  chance at
     winning than he had thought.
     
     John and I practiced every night after school for the entire week
     before the night that I was supposed to face Mike. John lost each
     time.
     
     Finally, the  time for  proving my  "manhood" to  Mike was  here.
     After gym,  I went  out to the area behind the gym. There were at
     least 25  other guys there. Many of them were wishing me luck and
     telling me  to whip  Mike's dick.  But I noticed that most of the
     guys there were certain that Mike was going to cream my cock, and
     fuck my  ass raw.  Mike was  already there waiting for me. He had
     even saved me the trouble of taking his pants down. His levis and
     boxer shorts  were down  to his  ankles, and his cock was already
     beginning to raise up to a half hard state.
     
     I took  my position facing Mike. He reached out and unbuttoned my
     501's and  pulled them  down. As he did my cock began to get hard
     and was  showing it's  obvious anxiety  as it strained against my
     tight white  jockey shorts.  Mike then reached out and grabbed my
     shorts and in one quick movement he yanked them down my shivering
     legs to my ankles.
     
     We both began to administer as much spit to each other's now hard
     cocks as we could muster up. Then we both began to stroke on each
     other's cock  with long slow deliberate strokes. Mike stroked and
     pulled on  my cock  like he  was milking a cow, but somehow I was
     able to  maintain and  keep from  loosing control.  I had not yet
     begun to  really quicken  my strokes  when I  noticed that he was
     beginning to weaken and slow down his strokes on my now throbbing
     dick.
     
     Soon I  could feel  Mike's cock throb stronger and stronger. Then
     without saying  a word,  and with no notice he suddenly threw his
     head back  and screamed.  "Oh fuck, I'm cumming, I'm cumming, you
     sonovabitch, you're creaming my cock". The crowd was stunned, and
     totally silent. Mike's cum shot up my arm and ran down my fist as
     I kept on milking his big hard dick.
     
     Suddenly, out  from the crowd, Charlie ran up to me and yanked my
     hand off of Mike's still spurting cock. "You bastard", he said to
     me. "You  may be able to whip my brother's dick, but we'll see if
     you can handle mine."
     
     Charlie was insistent. He wanted immediate revenge. "Come on, I'm
     going to  whip your  dick right  now. Lets  do it  right now." He
     said. I  was not  prepared for all of this but I was not going to
     back down, not even from Charlie.
     
     The cum  that Mike  had  left  on  my  hand  provided  a  perfect
     lubricant, and  I used  it to my advantage. Charlie didn't have a
     chance. It  only took about three short minutes and I had Charlie
     whimpering and  then POW!  He gave  a loud  groan  and  shot  the
     biggest load  of cum  across my arm that I've ever seen before. I
     kept stroking  Charlie's cock  and he kept on shooting. The crowd
     was cheering  and enjoying  the spectacle.  No one  had ever seen
     Charlie lose  a cockfight  before. John did the honors of holding
     Charlie while  I fucked  his ass  raw. He cursed at me and hissed
     like a  mad cat.  Everyone was  talking about  how I  had  beaten
     Charlie. All of a sudden I had become the "hero".
     
     For several  weeks I had everyone at my side telling me how great
     I was,  and what a "man" I was to have beaten Charlie. During the
     next three  weeks I had been in ten cockfights, and I had won all
     of them.  I was  a hero  on top of a pedestal. Then one day a boy
     named Jeremy  decided to  challenge me to a cockfight. Jeremy was
     new to  our school.  He was a handsome black boy who's family had
     just moved into our all white neighborhood.
     
     Jeremy had no real friends yet. Most of the guys stayed away from
     him. They  didn't know  how to  act around someone who was black.
     Jeremy and  I took  our places  in the  middle of  the open  area
     behind the gym. There were only about 12 guys there watching what
     we all  expected to  be a routine spectacle. Jeremy took my pants
     down first.  This was  not standard procedure, but I figured that
     since this  was Jeremy's  first cockfight,  that he must not know
     how things  work. Then  I unzipped Jeremy's pants and pulled them
     down. He had no underwear. To my surprise, Jeremy had the biggest
     cock I had ever seen on a boy his age.
     
     As usual  we both  applied as  much spit  as possible to make the
     stroking smooth  and even.  There was  something different in the
     way that  Jeremy was  holding my  cock. He  was also  holding and
     stroking my  balls with  his left hand. No one else had ever done
     that during  a cockfight.  Jeremy seemed  to know exactly what he
     was doing, as if he had done this many times before.
     
     As usual  the strokes were slow and rhythmic for both of us. Then
     I began  to feel  Jeremy's cock  begin to throb and pulsate in my
     fist. I  was certain  that the end was near for my handsome black
     opponent, as  I quickened the pace in my effort to show the crowd
     what his  cum was  really like.  Then just  when I  was sure that
     Jeremy would  lose control  and shoot, he began to stroke my cock
     with firm  long fast strokes, while massaging my tight firm balls
     with his other hand.
     
     He looked  me in  the eyes  and said,  "OK white  boy, you  think
     you're so  fuckin' tough.  Well now  I'm gonna teach you a lesson
     now man."  "I'm gonna  whip the spunk on outa your balls and make
     you shoot  your jism  right on  out. How does it feel gettin your
     big hot white cock whipped 'roun like this by a blackie huh?"
     
     I could feel the sperm in my balls churning and aching to explode
     out of my cock, and I couldn't hold back any longer. I could feel
     his hand  working on  my tight  firm balls  and  his  other  fist
     milking my  slippery hard  swollen manmeat. I knew I was going to
     lose and I could hear the other guys taunting me to hold on.
     
     "Oh man don't let that blackie whip your dick like that man. Hold
     on Ray, hold on." But no matter how many guys were rooting for me
     I knew  I was  too close to hold it back. There was no way that I
     could stop  Jeremy from finishing me off in front of all of these
     guys. And I couldn't concentrate on what I was doing to his cock.
     Then all  of a  sudden it  happened. I  looked down  and  watched
     Jeremy  jack  my  cock  off.  "Oh  shhhiittt",  I  screamed,  I'm
     cumming." Then  Jeremy said,  "yeah man  look at your cock gettin
     beat off  white boy, look at all your hot white spunk shooting up
     my arm. Man look at my black fist whippin your big white cock."
     
     I thought  I would  never stop shooting. When it was all over and
     Jeremy finally  let go of my beaten dick, I was embarrassed. John
     watched me lose for the very first time. He was silent, he didn't
     know what to say.
     
     John didn't speak a word as we walked home together. Then when we
     got home  he said,  "You know I watched Jeremy whipping your dick
     and watched him cream your cock and watched him fuck your ass and
     it just  reminded me  of that  day when  Charlie  whipped  me.  I
     remember how  embarrassed I was and I realize how embarrassed you
     must be  right now."  "I just  want you  to know  that I'm really
     sorry that  you lost  like that  in front of everyone. I guess we
     should have  practiced some before you took him on. You know from
     now on  I think  you and I should practice at least once a day so
     you won't ever lose again."
     
     John and  I got  together every  night after school and practiced
     cockfighting with each other. Then when school let out for summer
     vacation we  practiced two  or three times a day. As time went by
     and we began to grow up we slowly drifted apart. Sometimes I miss
     those fun high school days, and I often wonder what John is doing
     now and if he remembers the fun we had together.
