  THE TRAINING OF REBECCA SUE VOGEL
             Part 2

     A few days later when her Keeper
arrived he  walked around to the side
of the  cage that  had the funny bent
bars and  sat down  in a chair he had
brought with  him.    He  pulled  the
chair up  to the  bars and  took  his
cock out of his pants and stuck it up
through the  bars.   When she started
to kneel  down in  front  of  him  he
reached through  the bars  and turned
her  around,  then  pulled  her  back
toward him.   She was very surprised,
this was  the first  time any one had
touched her  body since  she had been
in this  cage.   She could not figure
out what  he wanted.   She  tried  to
turn around and suck his cock, but he
turned her  around again.   After the
third time  he left  without  leaving
her dinner.   She  did not sleep well
that night, and the next day her arms
hurt for  the first  time in  a  long
time.   That evening  the same  thing
happened, She  silently wept, she did
not know what he wanted her to do and
she  was   very  hungry.     On   the
following evening after he turned her
around he  reached between  her  legs
and lightly  ran his fingers over her
cunt.   How could  she have forgotten
about fucking,  now she  knew what to
do.
      Happily she squatted and backed
up to  the bars,  she found  the  odd
bend in the bars allowed her to shove
her ass right up to the bars with her
cunt spread  wide.    Becky's  Keeper
slowly inserted  his big  black  cock
into her white cunt from behind until
her white  ass  was  up  against  his
black belly.   Beck,  with  a  little
practice, soon got the feel of it and
lifted her  pussy on  and off  of his
cock.   In a  short time she felt his
hot sperm  pour into  her pussy.   As
soon as his ejaculation was over Beck
slipped her  cunt off of his cock and
turned around  to suck the last drops
of  his   delicious  sperm  from  it.
After that before her meal, sometimes
he would  give her  his cock  to suck
and  sometimes   he  would   position
himself on  the chair  with his  cock
out and  extending through  the bars.
When he  did  this  Beck  would  turn
around and  spread her thighs as wide
as she  could.   Watching between her
wide spread  thighs, she  would guide
her cunt down until she could sit her
pussy down  over his cock.  She would
slowly take  it  up  into  her  eager
pussy  then   start  to   stroke  his
swollen cock  with the  soft walls of
her cunt.   When  he came  she  would
only  stay   on  his  cock  until  it
stopped  spurting   then  she   would
quickly  lift  off  of  it  and  turn
around to  suck  his  dripping  prick
into her  mouth  and  suck  the  last
tasty drops  of cream  from it as his
sperm ran  out of  her pussy and down
the inside of her legs.
       The men who came by to see her
still did  not speak in front of her,
but they  whistled for  her like  you
would for  a pet.   By this time Beck
felt quite  natural in her role.  She
had gotten  to  like  thew  taste  of
sperm so much that she would get down
on her  knees in  front of them, open
her mouth  and run  her tongue in and
out and  around it begging for a cock
to suck.
     When she did this sometimes they
would take  out their  prick and  let
her suck  it.   She had become a very
good cock-sucker.   Beck would slowly
lick and  kiss the  cock, running her
tongue around  and under  the head of
it, then slowly pulling the head past
her lips  while her tongue probed the
opening in  its tip.   She would then
push her  head forward,  driving  the
cock into her mouth and part way down
her throat.   Then  slowly pulled her
head back  while sucking  as hard  as
she could.   She would then switch to
licking it  again, licking  the  cock
clear down  to the  base then on down
to the  swinging balls.  Licking them
and sucking them into her mouth.  She
always knew when to put the cock back
into her mouth so she could catch all
of the  cum, She would hold it in her
mouth savoring its musty, salty taste
before swallowing it.
      Quite some time later, Beck had
lost track  of time since her periods
had stopped,  her Keeper whistled for
her while standing on the side of her
run with  the odd  bars.   She turned
her back to him, bent over and spread
her legs.   In this position her cunt
was open  and displayed.   She  moved
backwards against the special section
of bars watching him from between her
spread thighs.   He  took out his big
black prick,  moved up behind her and
let her slip her pussy over his cock.
She had  improved her technique quite
a lot since she first sat down on his
stiff cock.   She slowly squeezed his
cock  with   her   vaginal   muscles,
pulling it  up into  her  body,  then
relaxed her  cunt and  slid slowly up
off of  it, catching  the head of the
cock with  her muscles just before it
slipped out  of her.   She would then
slip back  down onto it until she was
sitting on  the bars, as close to him
as she  could get with as much of his
prick inside  her as  possible.  Beck
would then  rise up  off of it again,
this  time  trying  to  hold  it  all
inside her  with her  muscular pussy.
Again she would pull all of his prick
up into  her hot,  juicy cunt.   Then
she would  not move  her  body,  just
pull and  squeeze his  cock with  her
vaginal muscles.   He  could not take
much of that, he exploded inside her,
spurt  after   spurt  of   hot  sperm
battered the  inside of  hewr  pussy,
her cunt  was  filled  with  his  hot
cream.   As soon  as his  ejaculation
stopped Bek slipped off his cock, and
with his  sperm running  out  of  her
pussy and  down  the  inside  of  her
thighs, sucked  the last  drops of it
out of his throbbing cock.  He spread
the word about her skills and she had
quite a bit more company.
     After giving her Keeper an extra
good fuck  one day, he reached in and
gave one  of her  large firm  tits  a
squeeze.     This   was   the   first
affectionate  gesture   any  one  had
given her  for as  long as  she could
remember.   She half  remembered  she
did not like her tits touched, but it
felt so  good to  have someone caress
her.   She turned  and presented  her
tits to him and he stroked and petted
them, ending  with a  gentle pinch to
her right  nipple.   After that  when
ever she  would suck  or fuck  any of
the men she presented her breasts for
them to  pet.  Some petted and rubbed
her tits gently, others squeezed then
hard enough  to leave  bruises.   She
did not  mind, it  just meant she had
pleased them  and they were rewarding
her.  They all ended the ?petting' by
gently pulling on, or pinching one of
her nipples.   Beck  enjoyed it, even
the pinch  was so  gentle it  did not
hurt but  it meant  the  petting  was
over.
         Beck's  life  seemed  to  be
settling into  a routine,  she became
an expert  at sucking  cocks  and  at
rear fucks.   Her  tits were petted a
lot, she  was happy.  One day she had
a new  experience enter  her life.  a
couple of the men came out to see her
and they  brought several women.  One
of the  men walked up to the bars and
whistled for  her as  he took out his
cock.     The  women  gathered  close
around him,  up against  the bars  so
they could  watch.  Some thing in the
back of  her head  said you  don't do
this with  women watching.   For  the
first  time   in  months,   she   was
embarrassed.  But there was the stiff
cock in  front  of  her  and  she  so
wanted  to   taste  and   drink   his
delicious hot semen.
       With  five women watching her,
she slipped  her mouth  down over his
ready cock and started sucking it.
       One  of the women asked, "Does
Beck really swallowed your load
       He answered, "She always does,
she liked the taste of it."
       When he started his orgasm, he
pulled his  cock out of her mouth and
let her  catch the  spurts of his hot
sperm with  her tongue.   She eagerly
lapped his  cum into  her  mouth  and
swallowed all  of it  then he let her
suck the  last drops of his load from
the head of his cock.
      The other guy then moved to the
special section  of bars and whistled
for her.   She didn't think she could
this in front of those women, but she
did.    She  bent  over,  spread  her
thighs exposing  her pussy and backed
up to  the bars.   He  took down  his
pants, freeing  his cock,  and sat in
the special  chair, pushing his belly
up against  the bars  with his  ready
cock  standing  erect  between  them.
Beck backed  up  to  him  and  looked
between her thighs so she could place
her pussy  around his  shaft.  Two of
the ladies  sat on  the ground  along
side of  him.   From  their  position
they could  watch as  the head of his
prick entered  her cunt.   They had a
close up  view of  her pussy at work.
She     actually     blushed     from
embarrassment, but  her training held
and she  lowered her  cunt down  onto
his erect shaft.  She gave him a good
fuck and  when he  had completed  his
orgasm Bek  slipped off  his cock and
washed it  with her  tongue,  getting
the last drops of his cum out of him.
       Beck turned her breasts to the
men for her expected petting, both of
the men  stroked and  petted her tits
and one  of the women reached through
the bars  and gave her right breast a
gentle massage  ending  it  with  the
usual pinch  on her nipple.  Beck did
not understand  why they had to pinch
or pull  on her  nipples  every  time
they petted  and rubbed her tits, but
they always  did.   One of the ladies
said  if  she  could  be  trained  to
please women  she might  make a  good
house pet.
       For  the next few weeks it was
not uncommon for ladies to be present
and watch  as Beck satisfied the men.
Several of them would pet her breasts
for a good performance, but it seemed
to her  that they  always pinched  or
pulled her  nipples longer  than  the
men did.
     One day when there were a lot of
people around  her cage she heard the
whistle for  her to  come from behind
her, from  the side  of the cage with
the odd  bars.  When she turned to go
to him,  she saw  one  of  the  women
seated at  the bars.    She  had  her
dress pulled  up and  she didn't have
any panties on, her cunt was exposed.
She was  sitting,  or  rather  laying
back with her legs pulled up and out,
putting her  juicy pussy  against the
bars where  a mans  cock should  have
been.
      Beck started across the cage to
her and then she stopped, she did not
know what  to do.   The  whistle  had
always been a signal to come and suck
or fuck  a cock,  but  there  was  no
cock.    The  woman  whistled  again,
Beck's training  pulled  her  to  the
side of  the cage  and she  assumed a
kneeling position  in  front  of  the
woman's  wide   spread   thighs   and
dripping cunt.  Beck was confused and
did not  know what to do, she finally
leaned forward  and smelled the pussy
there in front of her.  She liked the
smell, she  then timidly  licked  the
open pussy  before her.   It  did not
taste all  that bad in fact it tasted
very good.   Beck ran her tongue into
that hot  juicy  pussy,  licking  and
sucking for  all she  was worth.  She
soon found  the clitoris  and by  the
lady's  reaction  she  knew  it  felt
good.
      Bek buried her face between the
woman's  thighs,   sucking   on   her
clitoris and  running her tongue into
her wet  cunt and  sucking the  pussy
juice out  of her, coming up only for
air.  She soon brought the lady to an
orgasm.  The juices poured out of the
cunt in front of her and Bek tried to
lick up  and swallow every bit of it.
When  she   had  finished   the  lady
lowered her  legs,  pulled  down  her
dress, and  reached for  Bek's  tits.
The lady's  gentle but  firm  petting
and massage of Bek's tits started her
breasts and  belly feeling warm, this
was  heaven,   and  even   when   she
finished  and   pulled  on  both  her
nipples, Bek  did not mind, even that
felt good.   She now had even more to
do as  ladies as well as men came out
to see  her  and  have  her  pleasure
them.
       It  seemed as  soon as she got
some thing new learned there was some
thing else  to learn.   One afternoon
several weeks  after she  had learned
to suck  pussys, she was slipping her
cunt down  over one  of  the  Masters
cocks.   She had  just really  gotten
well started  with his  cock up  into
her pussy  when he  took hold  of her
hips, stopped  her riding up and down
on his  shaft and pulled his cock out
of her.   He  then placed  it against
her ass-hole,  and pushed gently.  He
then raised her up and pushed himself
back to  a normal  position.   As she
started down onto him again he guided
her  back   so  his  cock  was  again
against her  ass-hole, this  time she
got the idea.  Bek tried to force her
tight ass-hole down over his cock.
       His  cock was  well lubricated
with her  pussy juices and it started
to enter  her rectum,  this hurt  but
Bek knew  it was  her new  ?trick' so
she  forced   herself  to  relax  her
rectal muscles  and slowly  painfully
slid her  colon down  over his  erect
cock.   Once he  was all  the way  up
inside her it was not as bad, it felt
as if she were in the middle of a big
shit.  Once she had settled down, she
was able  to move  up and down on his
rod about  the same  way she did when
she had a cock in her cunt.  She also
discovered her sphincter muscles were
strong enough  to  really  hurt  him.
She squeeze on his cock, but when she
did he  slapped her  very hard on the
tit  and  she  quickly  relaxed,  she
wouldn't do  that  again.    When  he
finally came  in her  ass, his  sperm
felt hot  enough to burn her, she had
never felt such a sensation.
     When he finished, he held her on
his lap and rubbed and massaged Bek's
breasts for  quite a  while with  his
cock still  shoved up  her  ass-hole.
He  also  played  with  her  nipples,
pulling them and rolling them between
his  fingers.    Bek  always  enjoyed
having her  nipples petted.   When he
was finally  finished rewarding  her,
he  took  hold  of  her  breasts  and
lifted her  rectum off  of  his  cock
using her  tits for handles.  She was
not required  to ass  fuck very often
and the  breast  petting  was  always
extra nice afterwards.
       By the time Bek had learned to
come when  called  by  name  she  was
ready to  be tested.  One morning she
awoke to  find her arms free, for the
first time  since  she  had  regained
consciousness  she   could  see   her
hands, and  she didn't  remember what
they looked  like or  what they  did.
She was fascinated by moving her arms
and hands  around.   But later in the
morning  when  she  squatted  in  the
corner of the run to take a shit, she
held her arms behind her back the way
they had  been secured.   She  always
found her  arms held in that position
when  ever  she  was  not  using  her
hands.
     By noon some of the Masters were
coming by  for her  to service  them.
When they  whistled  and  call  "Here
Bek" she  came running  as  usual  to
suck  or  fuck  them.    When  moving
around she  carried her  arms  behind
her by  habit.   she  also  put  them
behind her  when she was sucking cock
or sliding  her pussy  up and down on
an erect  prick.   Before the day was
out she  had also  sucked a couple of
cunts and  slipped her  ass-hole  and
colon down  over a  hard cock.   When
she had  finished the  ass-fuck,  the
guy held her in his lap as usual, but
this time  he pulled  her  arms  from
behind  her   and  lifted   them   up
wrapping her  fingers around the bars
over her  head.  This position lifted
and separated her breasts, making the
tit  petting   even  more  enjoyable.
When  he  had  finished  rubbing  and
squeezing her tits he pulled her ass-
hole off  his cock  by lifting her by
her breasts as usual.
       Bek made no attempt to get out
of her  run.   She did  learn to make
use of  her  hands  and  arms  again.
Other  that  to  come  when  she  was
called, the first command she learned
was  ?Tits  Up'.    When  given  this
command she  would put  both  of  her
hands behind  her head  and pull  her
elbow back  as far  as she  could and
arch her  back.  In this position her
large firm  young breasts were lifted
and  pushed  out  to  their  fullest.
After she  had learned  the ?Tits Up'
position, standing  or kneeling,  she
received all  here breast  petting in
that position.   She  also learned to
play with a cock before she sucked it
and to  gently  pull  and  massage  a
man's testicles while she suck on his
cock.   Bek also  learned to  guide a
prick into  her cunt  or  ass  rather
than to  just sit  down on  it as she
had been  doing.  Next she learned to
reach between  her legs  while  being
fucked  to   play  with  the  hanging
balls.   Lastly she learned to gently
spread the  pussy lips  of the Ladies
when she sucked their cunts.
       Once Bek became used to having
her hands  back it  did not  take her
long to  find out how good it felt to
play with  her own  pussy.   This was
something Rebecca had never done.  It
seemed to  please the people to watch
her  rubbing  and  playing  with  her
pussy.   In a  short time she learned
the command ?Masturbate'.  When given
this  command  she  would  sit  down,
spread  her   legs  wide   and  start
rubbing  and   massaging  her  pussy,
running  her  fingers  up  inside  of
herself.  This felt so good that when
she was  commanded ?Stop' she did not
want to, but if she did not stop when
she was  commanded too,  or she tried
to finger-fuck  herself without being
given the  command, her  collar would
give her a strong shock.  She learned
masturbating was  something she could
only do with permission.
     The next time she was sitting on
a Master's  lap with  his cock up her
ass,    the     Master    told    her
?Masturbate'.   While she  was riding
up and  down on  the cock in her ass,
she started  finger-fucking  herself.
It felt  so  good  with  her  fingers
slipping in  and  out  of  her  pussy
while she  slid up  and down  on  the
cock shoved  up into  her bowels.  It
got feeling  better and  better,  and
just  as  she  felt  his  cock  start
pumping his  hot seeds up her ass she
started her  first orgasm.   This was
the most  wonderful feeling  she  had
ever  had,   her  entire   body   was
tingling, her  cunt was  running over
with  pussy   juice,  her  tits  were
tightening and throbbing.  She was so
involved with  her own  feelings that
she was  a little  slow in responding
to the ?Tits Up' command.  He slapped
her gently  on the  tit  to  get  her
attention.
       After she assumed the position
he gave  her a good breast and nipple
massage followed by the usual lifting
her by  pulling up  on  her  breastsO7ippl pussyehk shoved
rebwonderfug up  oner aitionshe
would wn  pussyn on  aickly de  halkneeling, rsoon fruto him agrselfollimf  t all ock, but when
n on his
  the cock afterwards.
       By the timould pudown  was ?Tits Uad  cock ing t   He  kneelingalihersd a
lot, ear and  su of  the talfinge a cock,preadss  back it  learnn't lt se
wasck out
t.
  rn.   One aal weeks  afterave  herd   By  of  the od bMistwn  esftinn she waod bd  fingreasts g up iving his
price around  his cohe  men  t seemt positioown, fraiy surprisWhen becca e  thingith a c,  rememlot, et feike herdo t seemt pHent.   Thsix fooft  wi agaistwap y held hving,emlot, et feike herhhe cou
invoit?er pus   Appros, andds behianded
prickg
to
Up'her
hside lmnd separyre breasts started heut
of purtingndid het shocksad tp  oawoulwas
se arond, he presel  andathe ind
 slidi
gently et shocksa  as  pussyesoher
puss.   In a  s the tihe fily shHe  coo  geny et shocksap as usuhis  
invoity for
air. her cbeygue,  geten
this ?Heel'ftingwalfingeer  boder
hanaalked arou time get ouiving   ass- pusalso  played  w nipplefuck  elaxed,   that  ock backrun,tled    runn  pos,  around,tulling upocksa  presel it agaid handfterwardssitiothing new n
seate commaniven  thist but  ios  bscontinue
had bher atshe  h on sturbat
ass,turbahad b,
comthi'     Thicks aicohern  doikneeliBek also  lecomty'tsO7ippt but   l' she ablen
allher?Kneel'fdid.
irlyicks d whistle
know what Hnt, but gaistod.  He slapurting lad?Kneel'f her ledi
genten mup and  pinch g one of
her or
aemem
se arheelto the barn
on ht  downir  posat on  thethem
be of  her  hands  put  them
be she we.  In this the wayould   bon  thiot unc   Sond th?the    bodae soonois
cosquatteabout  thek  elaxitionng
given th  rubbi genr, co on  boe somther right  ?Sen  '
lot, sed
pd whistle
knowBek ack  a ctingis  cock both  hee suckits f,idi
gentlen rais up d settly
leanedod
archleaned foriftinng on, orand down
the insitween heeeliBek also  lee  w the barnfeet fl ladi  posat on  tethem
bad  ht  downbow baose to him
as sher
wide ifte playing  wnds   she weg
to the  in
thatfterwardcomthi tall'fdid.He  cue in healings thatut being
rned
theommand squeecomthi Tall'  post nng
given th d to fobut gaiat alap a
he  took  lled  on  both  he
the bing' by
g  men his thrvicTohis 
knowreliev to sedies snate e mornrc had
toucaa good
er up an  petted hAs sghck  as far  as before ssyehk bodadid not take her She did bi genen he ns  c herer
elb  wide nlso  played liBe  hetoget
to see  stwas  w  no
co ?Tits Up'o and
she  wa
woultten  to 
milita  w?get  her'hadceptrm so mucemlot,is  time  tarned tteabkyo the bars r  BeardcWalk tall'foown, nicks aone,istlleks  afterios  ot all alk  the bars uppup indy her  arms eabout Tits Up' wnds  
to the  his coone  of hoth  helearned and
suctteabky  no?Come're   bock.  cks o burn he g one of
hby
g  d hAsng
given th dand
    Whethis  cohe   would
finad backhnt, but gaiom behiks  aies s and own  overng up  on  hewas  again pusodyf her legs.ap wien th wr breastulde'.  Whr b?Bee  aCome, Kneel', her hied t  eve
coand  shthat m.   mouth ind
the
that  whenown, ndtartede gro from  clos the and
gave onbaed all  hsaies s awas  again pulegf her legSr cunt.othing ne?Ser
w'eling warm, position, bricated
ving
her  arms  behind  her ed  w ll  th her le the cbow back  as far  as 
tinglfeet ce setween amout,ch between  slegs
an.   ,g her again.een he  downbowween a heeeliss  she tit  or  fuck ueeze. sumed the  cunt wn
relaxed hs  cock a heefore  slowl  juice,  th?Aso the own,   with  ag   edifficulto burn he  forter  leearnsrs.
Whend
suc?Ser
w'  spurtinthe d whileanen
seatewai,  and back  as fliss  shthis grasot seehthkn's tthe bars ing  hssion.tingthe first command she lea?Cnto  s  ?Ti the timhe tred hlback
or pull the,r hied oown, niunlt quit ?Tits Up'o
whistleduagrsetlle       Bn her ap    Sbricated
held on  ter  arms  b.rn  doihead  andtween  d backhnttarted he,  aroudadid e  t in frontk heleandnt  over,  stween  od bdeet bow baose to him
as 
her legs.   In this pot  of  hher  cHe
th forifoicateding
d her tutsliding  he  pg bret  overthighsked ,      Afthicks aiaccconscwasck o with  hnd
sucexame waecial m inedicit ?t ovt
embs as usual.
 fdid.Hewt  did'o
whi alkthe dat  all
in
of her  rdid.keptrmed liBekshe a coo hi.   Beck  tongueng inas exposed.cohe  mfternoon  this alefucleandnt
    e bars,  henown, ing, rss  usen  id up  thi takon
he dai woulhhe sher leand dow  toalktrect
coc it untilcohe  men  t sently op over one ridgepettinga goer titsarmt in frocanyy puli  posa      t  al
to him,an      canyy os the ain
o armity for
es.   He  seepeifock,  bute
barny was  e
open  her tits  bute
bamfternoon ome of thd  bettMistwn  esf
out and f her legSternoon this e Ladiesince  she gotteu
wou alk Sbricatediving hsometi when heeck backed      ome of thd bettMistwn  es.wardssitio and
sgenrnooed tded
priccke?Sen  , omty'uld  watceal, s one       oome of thd be bMistwn  esaxed,    dowp on
gh to  she  camehe suh  of  hoved
to eo  tarated her her owit againso  she  cam out  tving
hhe  bleandnt
  Quite ock backt  juicobed ththem, open
her mhattart
t  improethblecheshe wa    odarktual eveye her
h  Shfshe  wa 
nipples,ck it tten  t seemeddowp on le a coo hiles, Bek ableher lck the les,d f h
ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
We said yar woaodamnnt tead .   Blegs. qualitycuntcomme, and rom...    Part     E  X  T  R  E  M  E  Part  ------------+------------Part  ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿ SUE VOGEL
       /|\                  ³                                 ³ SUE VOGEL
      / | \                 ³   Portlod bMetro All T doiBBS   ³ SUE VOGEL
     /  |  \                ³                                 ³ SUE VOGEL
    /   |   \               ³       14400: 503.775.0374       ³ SUE VOGEL
   /    |    \              ³         SysOp:ueezngt.
        ³ SUE VOGEL
  /     |     \             ³                                 ³ SUE VOGEL
 /      |      \           ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ SUE VOGEL
  d r woaom wos    