
  THE TRAINING OF REBECCA SUE VOGEL
             Part 3

       The  only time  she ever moved while being inspected was when a very
young Mistress  reached  between  her wide  spread   thighs  and  viciously
pinched her  clitoris.    She  jumped from surprise  and pain.   Her Keeper
quickly put  her at ?Kneel, Tits Up', removed the  quirt he  always had  at
his belt.   He  whipped  her  jutting breasts with  it.    Every  time  the
thongs landed  on  her  large  tender breasts  and  nipples  they  left  an
angry red  welt.  Her breasts felt as if they  were being caressed by a red
hot iron.  The thin leather thongs of the quirt  ripped across  the  tender
unprotected flesh  of her breasts and nipples eight or ten times.  This was
the first  time she had been punished in any other way than shocks from her
collar or a slap on her breast.
       He  then commanded  ?Bek, Cunt Up'.   As soon as Bek was in position
on the  ground with  her cunt  spread wide he told the young Mistress to do
it  again.     This  time  the  young Mistress carefully spread Bek's outer
pussy lips  even wider  with one hand and took  a firm  hold of  her  large
clitoris  with   the  forefinger  and thumb of the other and gave it a very
hard, long, viciously twisting pinch. Bek's face turned white with pain and
tears flowed  from her  eyes, but she didn't move.   As soon as the Masters
and Mistresses  had left,  her Keeper commanded  ?Bek,  Up,  Come,  Kneel',
when she  was kneeling  beside him he very gently  rubbed and  massaged her
burning tits  and  nipples,  and  the final nipple pinch was very gentle.
       Soon Bek was taking walks with her leash  off.    Her  black  Keeper
usually took  her out  of her  run on the leash  then he  would remove  it,
letting her  run around  free  for  a while.   All he  had to  do was shout
?Bek, Heel',  and she would come at a run and  take her position behind and
to his left.  One day while they were out walking  and she  was not  on her
leash,  the  Keeper  commanded  ?Bek, Come, Ass Up', she immediately ran to
him, spreading  her  legs,  and  took hold of  her ankles.  Her Keeper then
walked up  behind  her,  dropped  his pants freeing  his big black cock and
pushed it into her cunt from the rear as she  stood bending  over.  As soon
as Bek  became aware  of what  he was doing  she  spread  her  thighs  even
further  and   flexed   her   vaginal muscles.
      Bent over as she was, Bek could watch the  bulbous head  of his  huge
black cock slip between the pink lips of her  cunt and into her pussy.  She
watched as  his large black testicles swung closer  and closer to her belly
as  his   ram  penetrate  deeper  and deeper into  her pussy.   She wiggled
back against  him while  starting  to work her cunt muscles around his ram.
In a  short time  he was  filling her cunt with his hot cream.  As his cock
stopped pulsating he pulled it out of her dripping  pussy  and  turned  her
around so she could suck and lick the last few  drops of  his cum  from the
head of  it.   When his discharge ran out of  her pussy  and down  her legs
she wiped it off with her fingers and transferred it  to her  mouth.   This
was the  first time  she had ?Fucked' outside her  run.   They took  a nice
long walk, and the Keeper did not put her back on the leash.
      Bek learned to respond to ?Suck Cock', for  a Master  or ?Suck Cunt',
for  a   Mistress,  and   to  respond propperly to  ?Fuck Cunt'  and  ?Fuck
Ass'.   When given  the command,  she would assume the correct position any
place she happened to be.  To prevent her  from  ever  getting  any  sexual
pleasure from  fucking she  was  only fucked from  the rear.  She was never
fucked from the front so her clitoris would not  be stimulated.  She either
bent over  and held  her ankles while they shoved the meat into her cunt or
ass-hole or,  while they were sitting down she  sat in  their lap  with her
back to them with their rod shoved up into one  of her  body cavities.  She
would  ?Masturbate'  on  command  and ?Stop' on command.  Some of the young
Masters  enjoyed   commanding   ?Bek, Masturbate', then  waiting  until  it
was obvious  she was  on the verge of an orgasm  before commanding  her  to
?Stop'.   The only  time she was ever allowed to achieve an orgasm was when
she had a cock in her ass.            
       Other  Masters and  Mistresses started walking  her and  putting her
through her paces.  She had been well trained,  she   quickly  obeyed  each
command as  it was  given.   She  was taken for  walks by  both Masters and
Mistresses.   Before long she was off her leash  during these  walks.   One
day she  was being  walked by a young Mistress she  had never  seen before.
Bek was  off her leash and running on ahead to  see  what  she  could  see.
After they were quite a ways from her run the  young  Mistress  called  out
?Bek,  Come,   Kneel'.     With   Bek kneeling in front of her the Mistress
removed her  boots and ridding pants. She then  removed her panties, spread
her legs and rubbed and scratched her cunt hair  to free  the tangles.  She
then took  off her blouse freeing her breasts, she  was not  wearing a bra.
The Mistress rubbed and pulled on her own nipples until they became erect.
      This was the first time Bek had ever seen  a Mistress with all of her
clothing off,  they usually only took off whatever  clothing covered  their
crotch so Bek could suck their pussy. The Mistress  spread her pants over a
low rock  as padding  and sat down on them.   She spread  her thighs  wide,
leaned back  to  further  expose  her cunt and,  with Bek  watching, played
with her  own tits  and  cunt  for  a short time,  then she commanded ?Bek,
Come, Suck Cunt'.                     
      Bek quickly went to her and got down on  her knees  between the  wide
spread legs.   She  gently spread the thick pussy  lips before  her.    The
exposed cherry  red flesh was already wet  with   cunt   juice   from   the
fingering  the   Mistress  had  given herself and  looked very  tasty.  Bek
had learned  that she liked the taste of pussy  juice almost as much as she
liked the  taste of  hot human sperm. She slowly  lowered her  head between
those wide  spread thighs  and  began gently licking  the juice  out of the
spread cunt  before  her.    Bek  had gotten very  good at  licking  pussys
and she demonstrated her skill.       Bek's   skilled tongue entered
the waiting cunt and probed within it moist depth.    She  then  found  the
erect clitoris  with her  tongue  and worked on it for a while.  Bek licked
and sucked  on the Mistress' clitoris as if  it were  a small cock then she
would plunge  her agile  tongue  deep into her  cunt, licking the inside of
her pussy  and sucking the hot juices out of  it.  Bek then placed her lips
tightly around  the wet cunt and blew a blast  of breath into the Mistress'
vulva, blowing  up her  vagina like a toy balloon.  The pleasure the sudden
inflating  of   her  pussy  gave  her caused her  to jump  and Bek  just as
suddenly  sucked   all  the  air  and juices out  of her.   Again and again
Bek blew  up her  vagina, then sucked it empty  again.   The next  time the
Mistress took  a piss  she would piss out the  air that  had been  blown up
into her bladder from this.
       Bek  then went back to work on her clitoris,  sucking and  massaging
it with  her tongue.  In a short time the Mistress  started her orgasm.  As
she wiggled  her ass  and humped  her cunt into Bek's face, Bek was sucking
and swallowing  all the  sweet  pussy juice that flowed from her.
      As her climax died away and Bek licked the  last of  her juices  from
her  cunt,   the  Mistress  commanded ?Bek, Kneel,  Tits  Up'.    She  then
proceeded to  squat in  front of  Bek and with  her own  naked breasts only
inches away  from Bek's, she began to give Bek one of the best tit pettings
she ever had.  As the Mistress rubbed and squeezed  Bek's breasts  she also
pulled   and   gently   twisted   her nipples.    With  the  taste  of  the
Mistress' pussy  juices still  in her mouth, the  bare breasts  bouncing in
front of  her eyes,  and the skillful pressures and  pulling on her breasts
and nipples  Bek started  getting wet between her  thighs like she did when
she was  commanded ?Fuck  Cunt'.  Her large breasts  were also feeling very
full  and  tight,  her  nipples  were fully erect  and  standing  out  from
their dark pink areolas.
       The  Mistress  then  commanded ?Bek,  Masturbate'.    Bek  began  to
finger-fuck herself  while  her  tits and  nipples  were  being  skillfully
massaged to  bring her the maximum of pleasure.   Bek had both of her hands
between her  thighs,  she  had  three fingers of  one hand  pushed up  into
her pussy  as far  as she  could push them while  she was rubbing, pulling,
and massaging  her clitoris  with the fingers of the other hand.
      For the first time in her life, Bek was  allowed to  bring herself to
an orgasm  without a cock up her ass. Just as  her climax was well starting
the Mistress  carefully took  hold of both of  Bek's fully  erect  nipples,
gripping  the  ends  of  the  nipples tightly, she  pulled straight  up  on
them as  hard as  she could.    Bek's nipples were stretched to twice their
normal   length.       The   Mistress continued to  hold and  pull  on  the
ends of Bek's stretched nipples until blood  ran   from  them.    She  then
released Bek.  With both of her hands busy  between  her  thighs,  Bek  had
arched her  body trying  to stop  the pain in  her  tits.    When  she  was
released she was off balance and fell to the gorund.
       Bek  lay there  on the  ground experiencing the most powerful climax
she ever had and the most severe pain she had  ever experienced at the same
time.   Bek had  never hurt  this bad before and  her body  had never  felt
this  good  as  wave  after  wave  of pleasure went  through her  cunt  and
belly.   When her  orgasm  ended  the Mistress  released  Bek  to  her  own
devices while she dressed herself.
         Bek  examined  her  tortured nipples.   They  were  bleeding,  the
skin had  split from being stretched. They were also very sore and swollen.
The Mistress took Bek for a long walk before starting back to her run.  The
Mistress was  talking to  her as they walked, "I'm  sorry to  have hurt you
Bek, but  it had  to be  done, I hope this is  the last  time anyone  hurts
you".   Bek did  not understand  what she said, but her voice sounded nice.
      After Bek's nipples healed from the stretching, they remained swollen
and erect.   This  was caused  by the medication she  received in  her food
that affecting  the damaged tissue of her nipples  that had  been inflicted
by the  calculated pull  and stretch. Bek's nipples  were now always erect,
and they  were larger  than they  had been.   Bek's nipples  were now about
the size  of the end joint of a Man's thumb and  a  few  shades  darker  in
color than  the swollen  areolas they rose  from.    They  were  even  more
sensitive now and petting of them was even more pleasant if done gently.
       After  this Bek  was taken for walks by  anyone that wanted to.  She
no longer was kept on a leash and she got almost all of the sperm and pussy
juice to  drink that she wanted.  She received a  lot of  breast and nipple
petting    as    reward    for    her performances, but  now  the  feelings
she received  from the  gentle nipple pull or  pinch that  always ended the
petting was even more intense.
      One morning after a month or so of this  freedom, her  Keeper  called
her to  him and snapped on her leash. He lead  her to a large van and, with
Bek at  ?Heel', climbed into it.  Bek did not  know what this was, she some
how knew  it would  not hurt  her but she was still uneasy.  Her Keeper sat
on a bench that ran the length of the van and  Bek sat on the floor against
his leg.   As  the van started up Bek rubbed a  breast against his leg, she
was frightened.   He  absent mindedly rubbed and  massaged one  of her tits
to calm her, pulling and twisting her sensitive   nipples    between    his
fingers.   After about  a  half  hour drive the  van stopped,  the back end
was opened and they got out.  Bek was even  more   frightened,  there  were
buildings everywhere she looked.  She was lead  into one of them.  It was a
good thing  she was on a leash or she might have bolted.
       She  was lead down a long hall and into  a odd,  tile  filled  room.
The Keeper  fastened her  leash to an overhead  bracket  gave  her  tits  a
reassuring squeeze  and left her, she never saw him again.  A Masters and a
Mistresses in  rubber  suits  entered the  room.    She  was  commanded  to
?Spread and  Stay' and  when she  had assumed  the  proper  position,  they
turned on  a stream  of water and wet her down  all  over.    Her  training
held, Bek  did not  move.  The Master and Mistress  then put  soap all over
her and  with  soft  brushes  started scrubbing her  down.   This  was  the
first  bath  or  shower  Bek  had  in almost   eighteen   months.      They
scrubbed her several times to get the accumulated dirt  and  filth  off  of
her.   Her long  copper red  hair was washed several times until it shined.
She was  dried off and led to another room where  she was  put up on a cold
metal table  and her finger nails and toe nails  were trimmed.    Next  the
tangled hair  on her head, in her arm pits, on her lower belly, and between
her legs was combed and brushed.      
     As the grooms worked on her they discussed  her  physical  attributes. 
Her   natural   facial   beauty   was commented on  as were  her large firm
breasts, slim  waist  and  wide  full hips, her  dark red  cunt hair called
attention to the fullness of the lips between her  legs, and  her tight ass
had just the right swell to it.  They decided she was an excellent ?FEM'.
       When  they had completed their grooming of  her, she  was taken to a
FEM run.   She  was lead  through the gate into a smaller, but cleaner, run
than she  had out in the desert.  The end  she   was  in   was  inside  the
building   but    the   other    end, accessible to  her  through  a  small
swinging door,  was open  to the sky. There was  even a  clean blanket  for
her to  sleep on  in  a  corner  near where she was standing.
      After Bek was taught how to get from one  end of the run to the other
by going  through the  swinging door, her leash  was unfastened and hung up
outside the  run  and  the  gate  was closed.  She found a cock-faucet near
the end of the building to quench her thirst, she  thought this  was a very
nice place.   At  the usual  time her meal was brought to her, it consisted
of the same ?FEM Food' she had always gotten.  Bek still did not, and never
would, use  her hands  to eat.    She knelt over  with her hands behind her
back and  licked and  ate the  chunky food from  her bowl.   A  short  time
after she  had eaten she curled up on her new  blanket and  was  asleep  in
minutes.
       For  the next couple of months Bek's existence  in the  new run  was
quite  different.    She  was  worked several times  a day,  each time by a
different Master  or Mistress.   They all  carried  quirts  and  the  least
infraction or  hesitation on her part brought  swift   punishment,  it  was
always the  same.   ?Bek, Kneel, Tits Up', and  as soon  as she had assumed
the position  the leather  thongs  of the quirt were biting into her tender
breasts and nipples.
       Bek was not being used as much sexually as  she was  used to.    She
missed the  amount of sperm and pussy juice she had been getting out in the
desert.   She still  got to  suck  at least one  or two  cocks and at least
one pussy  a day but for her this was practically none  at all.  She got to
?Fuck Cunt'  and ?Fuck Ass' every few days   and   she   was   allowed   to
?Masturbate' until  she had an orgasm whenever she  had a  cock in her ass.
She was  bathed nearly  every day and she soon  grew to  like it.  Near the
end of  this period  of her training, her collar was changed for a new one.
The new  collar had no electronics in it.   She had  forgotten how to talk,
or make  any other  sound and she was accustomed to  being  disciplined  by
having her tits whipped.              
       The  morning after she got the new  collar,  Bek  entered  her  next 
phase of training.  She had balked at a command, instead of having her tits
whipped right then she was lead to an outside area  she hadn't seen before.
It was  an open  area with a dozen of what looked  like poles  set into the
ground about four feet apart.  At the time  the   area  was   empty.    The
Mistress lead  her up  to one  of the poles.  The top foot of it was shaped
like a  cock that  was two  inches in diameter.   It  was  mounted  to  the
small metal shaft with a coil spring. The top of the pole was even with her
nipples.
       When  she was  in front of the pole, the  Mistress took  hold of  it
and pushed  it down,  the small metal shaft  slid  into  the  larger  base.
Holding the  top of  the shaft  below her crotch,  she  moved  Bek  forward
until the  shaft was  directly  below her pussy.    Bek  was  then  ordered
?Spread', she  obediently spread  her legs and  opened  her  thighs.    The
Mistress then  let the shaft up until it was pressed against the opening to
Bek's pussy.   She spread Bek's outer and  inner   lips  and  released  the
shaft.   The rounded  end of the Post entered  her  body.    Bek  was  then
allowed to  move.  No matter what she did the  Post continued  to force its
way up  into her  vaginal canal.  The large rubber  cock had  a  continuous
five pound  upward  force  over  it's entire travel.
       With  the Post  up inside  her pussy, Bek  was unable  to move  from
the spot.  The spring the cock shaped section was  mounted  on  had  enough
flex  to   allow  her   very   slight movement  without  injuring  herself.
As soon  as she settled down with the Post inside  of her,  Bek was ordered
?Tits Up'.  With her hands behind her head and  her elbows  pulled back  as
far  as  she  could  pull  them,  the Mistress placed a bar behind her arms
and strapped her wrists and elbows to it.   Bek couldn't lower her arms now
if she  tried.   A blindfold was then placed over her eyes.  The first blow
to her  breasts from  the quirt  took her completely  by surprise.  She was
used to  seeing the  blows coming and bracing herself for them.  Bek jumped
from the  pain and  the  Post  caused pain to  the inside  of her  pussy as
she moved.                            
       There  was no  rhythm to  this whipping, each  time the  lash struck
her tits,  it caught her by surprise. The Mistress  watched  her  and  only
struck when  she was  relaxed.   This was the  longest and hardest whipping
Bek's tits  had ever received.  Tears were dripping  off her  face and  the
salty tears  stung as  they got  into the welts  on her  full breasts.  The
whipping  didn't   stop   until   her whipped  nipples   burned  from   her
tears.                                
      After the punishment had ended, the  arm   bar  and   blindfold  were
removed.   Bek's wrists were fastened behind her back so she couldn't touch
her breasts  and she  was left alone. Bek spent a couple of hours with that
huge  hard  rubber  cock  inside  her cunt.   The entire  time it  tried to
force its way deeper into her body.
       The  Mistress finally returned and released  her hands.   She pulled
the Post  down out  of Bek's cunt and Bek followed  her from the area.  Bek
was only  whipped on  the Post  a few times, but she was placed on the Post
quite often.   The  Post was  used to secure Bek  when she was left for any
length of  time, her  memory  was  to short to  remember her  last  command
for more than a few minutes.          
       One  morning about four months after Bek  had been brought here from
her  desert  training  run,  she  was taken on  her leash  to another small
room.   She was again washed all over by the  two grooms, and this time she
was commanded to ?Squat' over a Post. She stood  up after  the rubber  cock
had pushed  itself up into her pussy. Then she  felt warm  water coming out
of the  Post filling  her vagina  and running down  her legs.  This was the
first time  Bek was  awake  when  she received a  douche, the new sensation
felt good  and she  was sad  when  it stopped but glad to get off the Post.
After she  was dry  she was again put up on  the metal  table and commanded
?Kneel'.  The two grooms then started combing, brushing,  and trimming  her
hair.
       Rebecca  Vogel's hair had been beautiful when  she  would  take  the
time to  do something  with it.  When the two  grooms finished  with  Bek's
hair,  it   was  a  magnificent  mane fluffing  out  around  her  face  and
extending half  way down  her back in soft waves.   Bek was commanded ?Tits
Up',  and   with  her  arms  in  that position  her   under-arm  hair   was
combed out  and lightly trimmed.  She was next commanded ?Squat'.  With her
thighs spread wide, the hair covering the entrance  to her  vulva was  also
combed, brushed, and lightly trimmed. They next  stood her  at ?Spread' and
the  grooms   combed,   brushed   and trimmed the rest of Bek's pubic hair.
It was several shades darker than the hair on her head but just as full and
luxurious.  When they had finished it was a soft fluffy dark red arrow head
flowing up  over her lower belly from her crotch.   Bek's  finger nails and
toe nails  were given a touch up trim then painted a medium pink.
       Bek  was next  lead to another table with  a lot of makeup on it and
commanded ?Kneel'  beside  it.    The Mistress then  put a  chair down next
to Bek  and sat  down.   Taking Bek's face in  her hand, she began applying
makeup  to   it.     The  makeup  was carefully selected  to bring  out the
color of  Bek's dark blue eyes and to go well  with her copper colored hair
and tanned  complexion.   The  makeup was tastefully  applied to  bring out
all  of   Bek's  natural  beauty  and youth.   Next a  rouge was applied to
Bek's nipples  to even  out the color and  sharpen   the  outline   of  her
areolas.   Another  shade was applied between her breasts in a wide "V" and
blended in to add to the depth of the cleft  between   them.      Bek   was
commanded ?Stand'  and the same rouge was applied  in the crease of her ass
for the  same reason.   Another shade of  rouge   was  smoothed   into  the
creases  of   her  groin   to  atract attention to  her dark  red bush  and
the dark shadowed area directly below it.   A lighter powder was applied to
her belly,  the upper surfaces of her breasts, and  to top  curves  of  her
ass.   Lastly a  light  lipstick  was applied to  Bek's lips, both the lips
on her  face and the lips between her thighs.
     With the makeup complete Bek was commanded to  ?Stand  Tall'  and  the
grooms  stepped   back  to   see  the results of  their work.   They agreed
Bek  was  one  of  the  best  looking ?FEMs' they  had ever  seen.  She had
long copper  colored Hair,  deep blue eyes, an impishly pretty face, a well
rounded ass, large firm breasts, dark always erect  nipples,  long  shapely
legs, a  flat belly,  and a  straight back.   She was indeed a real beauty.
Her  new  master  and  mistress  were getting a real looker.
       A  Master Bek  had never  seen before came  for her, he replaced her
leash with  a new  fancy one and with Bek  at   ?Heel'  went   out  of  the
building, across  a garden-like area, and into  another building.   As they
entered  a  large  room  her  handler commanded ?Bek, Walk Tall'.  The room
was     filled   with   Masters   and Mistresses she had never seen before.
They were  standing around talking or eating  and  drinking  from  the  low
tables  scattered  around  the  room. Suddenly Bek  saw what  looked like a
Mistress without  any clothes on, but then Bek  saw she had a collar around
her throat  and a  leash fastened  to it.  Bek had just seen her first FEM.
She soon  found  there  were  several other FEMs  in the room, they were of
all colors  and sizes.   Many of them were in  the ?Squat'  position  while
being examined by several Masters and Mistresses, but  most of them were on
Posts around the sides of the room.



ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
If anyone asks, you didn't get this file from...

         E  X  T  R  E  M  E
      ------------+------------      ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                 /|\                  ³                                 ³
                / | \                 ³   Portland Metro All Text BBS   ³
               /  |  \                ³                                 ³
              /   |   \               ³       14400: 503.775.0374       ³
             /    |    \              ³         SysOp: Thing One        ³
            /     |     \             ³                                 ³
           /      |      \           ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
            d r e a m e s

