
  THE TRAINING OF REBECCA SUE VOGEL
             Part 4

       After  she  had  been  paraded around the room several times she was
commanded ?Bek,  Squat'.   As she did several Masters  and Mistresses  that
had liked  her  looks  when  she  was paraded around  came over  to examine
her more  closely.    One  couple  in particular   went   over   her   very
closely, they  felt  her  tits,  ass, thighs, back,  arms, pulled gently on
her  nipples,   examined  her  teeth, eyes, ears,  and even  felt her  cunt
and both  the Master and the Mistress ran a finger up into it.  They seemed
to like  what they saw and after some talk with  her handler  Bek was taken
to an  area where  other  FEMs  were, placed  on   a  Post   and  commanded
?Stay'.
        The  Masters  and  Mistresses gathered  in   small  groups  talking
while the  handlers gathered near the FEMs.   Bek noticed  the  FEM  across
from her,  she was  chocolate colored and much  smaller than Bek with kinky
black hair forming a cloud around her face.   Her tits  were very  full and
firm.   They  were  so  pointed  they looked  like  volcanic  cones  rising
from her  chest.   Her big  tits were crowned by  very large  nipples which
were such  a dark  brown they  looked black.  She had a short narrow stripe
of the  same  hair  pointing  to  her crotch.  Her very dark red pussy lips
were visible,  they were  spread wide and extended  down  around  the  Post
that was inside her cunt.  It was the large  diameter  Post  Bek  had  ever
seen, it  looked to be about the size as her  wrist.   With her  makeup on,
Bek  thought   the  black   FEM   was beautiful.
       It seemed to Bek, that she had been there  for a  long  time.    The
Masters  and  Mistresses  were  still talking when  she heard  what sounded
like  running   water.    Bek  looked around without  turning her  head and
saw that  the black  FEM across  from her had  pissed on  the floor.    Her
handler came  up to her and commanded ?Doe, Tits  Up', as soon as her hands
were behind  her head  and  her  back arched, the  handler took  the  quirt
from his  belt and  started  whipping her large breasts with it.  Bek could
see the  pain on  her  face  and  the tears running  down her cheeks as the
leather  thongs   struck  her  tender black flesh.   An angry dark red welt
was  left   across  her  breasts  and nipples each  time the thongs struck.
Bek could  not watch the poor thing's punishment and  pain, she  turned her
head away.
       The second Bek turned her head she  knew   she  had  broken  ?Stay'.
Before she  could even  get her  head back straight,  her  handler  was  in
front of  her.   He  commanded  ?Bek, Tits Up'.   She  raised her arms, put
her hands behind her head, pulled her arms back,  arched her back and tried
to touch  the sky  with her  nipples. Bek clenched her teeth, she knew what
was coming.   Her  handler  took  the quirt from  his belt  and slashed her
across her  firm breasts.  He whipped first one  breast and then the other,
working his  way from  the top of her large  breasts  down  to  the  tender
underside of  them.  He only gave her ten lashes  but  the  last  two  were
delivered to  her  permanently  erect and swollen  nipples.  Her tits stung
and burned  as if  they had been held in a  fire, she  did not  think  they
would ever  stop hurting.    All  she wanted to  do was  rub and  hold  her
smarting and  burning breasts but she knew it would not be allowed.
     In time Bek had the Post lowered from within  her pussy and the Master
known as  the ?Owner'  command  ?Bek, Come, Kneel'.   She  hurried over  to
him and  knelt by  his side.   He was talking to  the Master  and  Mistress
that had  paid so  much attention  to her  earlier.    If  Bek  could  have
understood them, she would have found out  what   had   happened   to   the
intelligent,    rebellious,     badly spoiled Rebecca Sue Vogel to turn her
into the  well trained  obedient FEM, Bek.
            "Yes",   the  Owner  said "$500,000.00 is a lot of money to pay
for a house pet, but this is a FEM, a Female Erect  Mammal.   As  you  know
they are very rare and hard to get."  The young Master then asked "If
we are  going to  pay that  much  for Bek, will  you please tell us how she
was conditioned,  created,  made,  or whatever you  call the process."  The
Owner agreed.                         
          I  pay $2,000.00 for a girl between  the   ages  of   13  and  17 
delivered in  a drugged  condition to one  of  my  in  processing  stations
which are located all ove rthe world. There the  girl is stripped and given
a complete physical examination.  If; she has a well formed body with large
breasts, her  hymen has  been broken, she  is   healthy,  and  she  has  no
diseases she  is accepted.  If she is not found  suitable, she  is  dressed
and returned  to  the  area  she  was picked up  in, none  the wiser.  If a
girl passes  the examination she will never wear  clothing again.   She  is
left naked  and sedated  while she is flown here.
       New girls are kept drugged and in the  lab here  for about a week to
set up  their program  and get  their conditioning  started.     They   are
started on  a special  medication  we developed that  selectively  destroys
their brain  cells.    The  recipient slowly loses  her intelligence,  long
term  memory  and  finally  she  even forgets how  to speak,  or  for  that
matter what words mean.  She will end up  understanding   about  two  dozen
words, and not being able to remember an order  or  command  of  more  than
three  or  four  words.    Her  final intelligence will  be a little higher
than a  dog's.   A FEM  does not have the ?retarded' look that usually goes
with a  very low  intelligence.  They look like what they are, bright alert
FEMs.  The process is not reversible. We also process males, but we produce
very few  MEMs, most  of them  turned out mean  and untrustworthy  and have
to be destroyed.
         The  girls  are  immediately
started on  the medication  that will
completely  sterilize   them  without
losing   any    of   their   feminine
attributes.   It, like  most  of  our
medications, is  an  oral  medication
given in  their food.  This drug acts
on the  tissues of  their uterus  and
ovaries.    Their  uterus  starts  to
shrink,  in   a  few  months  it  has
completely  shrivelled   up  and   is
absorbed by  the body.   The  cervix,
which connected  the  vagina  to  the
womb, closes  and heals  over.    The
girls ovaries  become larger and more
productive,   supplying   them   with
larger doses  of  the  normal  female
hormones.   This gives  them  a  very
strong sex  drive, many  of them  are
almost   nymphomaniacs.           The
additional  hormones   also  enhances
their female attributes such as their
breast and  hip size.   They  are all
highly voluptuous  in appearance  and
enjoy sex,  but without  a womb  they
can't become  pregnant.  Ministration
slow  down   almost  immediately  and
ceases within three or four months.
      Part of their ?medication' is a
strong hypnotic  that  allows  us  to
?program' them.   One  of  the  first
programs  we  install  is  a  set  of
exercises that will get them into top
physical condition and keep them that
way.     It  is  the  stretching  and
twisting that  is so  much a  part of
the FEMs  nature.   At the end of the
first week our new FEM is collared to
control  her   and  to   prevent  her
speaking.   Her arms are bound behind
her back  to keep  her from  escaping
while   she    still    has    enough
intelligence left  to do  so, and  to
aid in  her conditioning  not to  use
them.   She is then delivered to what
will be  her home  for the  next year
and a half, her run.
       She  is constantly  watched by
hidden  television  cameras  and  her
real training  begins.   She  has  to
have all  of her  sexual  morals  and
taboos  broken   down.     She   must
willingly   do    anything   she   is
commanded to  do.  She is conditioned
to  enjoy   all   forms   of   sexual
encounters and  to  look  forward  to
them.   She is  conditioned to  enjoy
having her  breasts petted and rubbed
the same  way a dog likes to have his
head petted  and his  ears scratched.
We learned  to end  a petting session
with a  gentle pull  on a  nipple  to
signal it  was over  or she would not
let you  alone.   She must  learn  to
perform any required sex act in front
of an  audience of both men and women
without being  bothered by  it.   She
will becomes so well conditioned that
she will  sit and masturbate in front
of a  crowd of  people without paying
any more  attention to  them  than  a
monkey does  when it masturbates.  We
have  to  use  the  shock  collar  to
condition  FEMs   not  to  masturbate
unless commanded  to.  If we did not,
she would  have one hand on or in her
pussy most of the time.
      FEMs here sleep about ten hours
per day  but the first four are ours.
We add  a powerful  hypnotic to their
meal to  allow us to continue to work
on them.  Every night they have had a
meal we  bring them  in to the lab as
soon as  they are asleep.  To prevent
them loosing  the total  use of their
arms,  we  untie  and  exercise  them
while the  rest of  the work is going
on.   Any minor  medical problems are
seen to  and they receive a douche if
they have  been sexually  active that
day and  the new  ones get  a  douche
when they  finish their  period.   We
continually work on their programming
in any  area they are having trouble.
Among other  things, we  having  each
girl drink  some  sperm  and  vaginal
fluid every  night while conditioning
them to  crave the  taste of  it.  We
always have them safely back in their
run before the drugs wear off so they
can get a goods nights sleep.
     We start no more than one or two
FEMs a  month due  to  the  time  and
personnel   involved    with    their
training, it  takes almost  two years
to complete  the training  of a  FEM.
We do  lose one  every now  and then.
As you can see it is a very expensive
process.  We are always improving the
breed, as  an example,  Bek is one of
the  first   to  have   breasts  with
permanently erect  nipples  that  can
still be induced to produce milk.
       We just developed a drug and a
method that  will cause  the required
restriction  in   the  blood  vessels
taking blood  from the nipple to keep
it erect  without causing  any damage
due to  poor circulation  and without
injury    to    the    milk    ducts.
Unfortunately it  quite  painful  and
requires the  FEM be  fully  sexually
aroused with her nipples fully erect.
She must  be fully conscious when her
erect nipples are grasped by the ends
and stretched  to twice  their normal
length.   This  causes  the  erectile
tissue to  break down,  when it heals
the nipples  become permanently erect
and usually  larger  than  they  were
before.   The stretching must be done
very carefully,  the erectile  tissue
must be  damaged, usually the skin of
the nipple  is damaged,  but we  must
prevent damaging  the  more  flexible
milk ducts.
     If you ever decide to use Bek as
a wet-nurse,  either for  a child, or
simply as  a supply  of fresh milk in
the house,  it requires  just  a  few
weeks of  medication  to  induce  her
breasts to  produce milk.  Her supply
of milk  will increase  regularly for
about six  months as  long as  she is
milked regularly.   From the size and
texture of  Bek's tits,  I think  she
would be  a good milk producer.  With
regular milking, she will continue to
produce milk  as long as you give her
the medication.   The  only  drawback
is, if  you  ever  dry  her  up,  her
breast will  sag a little.  Some FEMs
have been known to give rich milk for
several years.
       Now  about Bek,  She will stay
looking just  about as she does today
for approximately  20 years, then she
will age  very rapidly  to die of old
age within  the next five years.  She
will be able and happy to perform any
of her  sexual duties  for you almost
to the day she dies.  When she starts
to age,  you can  keep her  or return
her.   She must  be well cared for in
her few  declining years.   Our sales
contract stipulates  we can  buy  her
back a  any time  by  refunding  the
purchase price.   This  is done so we
can prevent  them being  abused.   We
have only had to exercise this option
twice since we have been in business,
and both times the poor FEM was being
very badly mistreated.
     Our grooming staff will instruct
you on the proper way to bath her and
keep her  looking presentable.    You
will receive  a Post and shown how to
install and  connect it.  The Post is
used to  give her  a douche, to cause
her to  stay in one spot for a length
of time  because her  memory is  very
short and hold her still while she is
being punished.   You  care  for  her
body hair the same way you would care
for any  other animal's  hair or fur,
brushing and  combing the hair on her
head to  keep it clean and shiny, the
hair under  her arms  and between her
legs  should   be  kept   trimmed  to
prevent  matting,  the  rest  of  her
pubic hair  can be let grow to almost
any length as long as it is kept well
brushed and combed out.
     Bek's food is especially blended
for her  to keep  her in top physical
condition.  You will be instructed on
when she  should be  fed and how much
to give  her.   Do not give her table
scraps or  candy,  it  will  probably
make her ill.  She is house broken to
a corner  of her  run, and as long as
she can  get out  every few hours you
should have  no problems.  If you do,
place her  on the  Post and  whip her
sensitized    breasts,     but    use
moderation.   Keep her  out  of  cold
damp weather,  a well constructed FEM
run is  recommended.    She  is  much
healthier than  a  human,  but  still
keep her  reasonably  warm  and  dry.
Like any  large animal, she should be
allowed  out   of  doors   regularly,
either   in   an   outside   run   or
preferably, if  your  home  is  in  a
secluded  area,   taken  for  a  walk
daily.
     The young man asked the Owner if
they could  prepare a  ?custom'  FEM.
The Owner  told the  it was  done all
the time.   The  Black FEM,  Doe that
had the  accident in the viewing hall
is an example.  She was not for sale,
she  was   there  as   part  of   her
training.   The  man  that  owns  her
bought her  the day  she arrived.  He
wants her  to be  able to  completely
take a  cock into  her pussy  that is
two  and  a  three  quarter  inch  in
diameter and seventeen inch long, and
she has to enjoy doing it.
      As you may have noticed, she is
a very small girl with large tits and
a very  slim waist.  He does not want
her outward  appearance changed, just
give her  a much  larger  and  deeper
pussy.     The  first   year  of  her
training was  the same  as  any  girl
gets but  for the next year she spent
most of  her waking time on a special
Post.   She was  provided with  upper
body support,  but her hips were held
immovable.
      The spring pressure in the Post
was  increased   until  it  was  very
uncomfortable for her.  The Post head
was replaced with a larger inflatable
one.  The inflatable part of the head
that was  inside her  pussy was  kept
inflated to  a constant  air pressure
of over  ten pounds  per square inch.
She has  and still does sleep with an
inflatable   dildo    in   her   cunt
pressurized to the same pressure, her
thighs are  strapped together to hold
it in   place.   As  you can imagine,
this   process    has    been    very
uncomfortable for  her as  her  pussy
has  been   being   stretched   under
pressure for the entire time.
       We  have been  successful, her
vaginal  canal   has  been  stretched
almost a  foot in length and expanded
well over  an inch  in diameter.  The
upper end  of her  vaginal passage is
just   below   her   diaphragm,   her
intestines have  moved around to make
room for  it.   The maximum size cock
Doe can  now fully  accept  into  her
pussy without  any discomfort  is one
three inches in diameter and eighteen
inches long.
        Now  we  are  now  having  to
recondition her to crave the taste of
sperm and  pussy juice,  to  want  to
masturbate to  an orgasm  and to have
the usual  social manners.   And,  we
are conditioning  her to enjoy and to
look forward  to being fucked by that
seventeen inch cock.
       After  several days of working
with Bek  they were  ready to  leave.
They  had  gotten  to  know  her  and
learning how to take care of her.  In
the privacy of their room, they found
out  just   how  well  Bek  had  been
trained to  suck cocks  and cunts and
to take  a cock up her ass as well as
in her cunt.
        The  new  Mistress  had  some
difficulty at  first putting Bek on a
Post.   She had to spread Bek's pussy
open and  place the very large spring
loaded dildo into Bek's cunt.  As she
did  it,   the  young   Mistress  was
imagining how  it must  feel to  have
that big  hard dildo steadily pushing
up inside  her pussy.   She  also had
trouble whipping Bek's large tits for
the same  reason.   The Mistress  was
imagining how  much  it  would  hurt.
After a time she learned that Bek was
a female  animal not a human girl and
she had no more trouble.
     The Owner told them if they ever
had any  questions about her care and
feeding, or  any other question, they
were  as  near  as  their  telephone.
There is  always  someone  to  answer
your call.   He congratulated them on
becoming Bek's  new owners,  and said
he hoped  Bek would  bring them  much
happiness and joy.
         Bek  was  happy,  after  the
confusion of  the past  several weeks
things had finally settled down.  She
had a  new home with an attached ?FEM
run'.   It was  warm and  dry and she
even had  a blanket to sleep on.  Her
new Master  and  Mistress  took  good
care  of   her,  brushing  her  hair,
giving her  a bath and putting her on
her outside  Post for a  douche every
day.    She  was  fed  regularly  and
allowed in  the house in the evenings
and some  times during  the day.  She
tried her  best to  be good,  she had
only been put on the Post and had her
tits whipped  a  couple  of  times  a
week.
       The  evening was a little cool
and Bek  was laying  in front  of the
fire in  the fireplace.   The  flames
reflected off her copper colored hair
making it  look like  it was on fire,
her skin  glowed in  the fire  light.
She rolled  over to get away from the
heat that  had turned her breasts and
belly bright  red.  She rubbed a firm
hot breast against her Mistress' leg,
asking  to   have  her  tits  petted.
Mistress  reached   down  and  rubbed
Bek's firm  breast, gently  squeezing
the  warm  breast  and  tickling  and
pulling on the erect nipple.
       In  a short while Mistress put
down the  book she  had been reading.
Standing, she  removed her  jeans and
panties then  sat back  down  on  the
edge of  the settee.   She spread her
bare legs  and put her feet up on the
edge of  the settee.  With her thighs
spread wide,  she lay  back in a half
reclining  position   and   commanded
?Bek, Suck  Cunt'.   Beck immediately
came to  her and squatted between her
wide spread  thighs.   The FEM gently
spread the exposed lips revealing the
darker red  mouth  of  her  Mistress'
juicy pussy.  Bek moved her head down
between those  widely  spread  thighs
and reached for the warm sweetness of
a cunt  with her  tongue.  She buried
her nose in Mistress' crotch hair and
licked and  sucked her  pussy.    Bek
sucked on  her clitoris as if it were
a small  cock, playing  with it  with
her tongue, then she drove her tongue
as far up into her Mistress' pussy as
she could.
       Bek had her face buried in her
crotch  sucking  her  cunt,  Mistress
looked  across   the  room   at   her
husband.   She wanted  to be  sure he
was watching  the  show.    With  her
husband watching,  Mistress took  off
her blouse  and bra so she could play
with her  tits while  she enjoyed the
pussy sucking  Bek  was  giving  her.
Mistress squeezed the fullness of her
breasts and  pulled on  her  nipples.
Then holding  onto  her  nipples  and
pulling on  them, she  shook her tits
like ripe  fruit at  her husband.  As
Mistress  started   her  orgasm,  Bek
pressed her lips even tighter against
that   throbbing    slit,   thirstily
licking and sucking all of the juices
that  poured   out  of  it  into  her
waiting mouth.  Bek was good, not one
drop  of   pussy  juice  got  on  the
settee, it  all went into Bek's eager
mouth to  be relished  before it  was
swallowed.
      After Mistress had rubbed Bek's
tits as  a reward  for the  excellent
cunt sucking  Master commanded, ?Bek,
Come, Suck  Cock'.   He had taken off
his clothes  while his  wife had been
petting  Bek's  tits.    Bek  quickly
knelt between  his legs  and  reached
for his large testicles with one hand
while she  pulled gently on his prick
with the  other.   She soon  had  the
head of his cock between her lips and
was licking  the opening  in its end.
Bek then  slipped the  length of  his
cock into her mouth, this is what she
liked, the  taste and  feel of  a hot
cock in  her mouth.    She  had  only
really gotten  started on sucking his
cock when  he commanded  'Bek,  Stop'
then ?Bek,  Fuck Cunt'.   Bek  got to
her feet and turning her back to him.
She reached  between her  legs,  took
hold of his stiff cock.  She sat down
on his  lap and  guided his cock into
her open pussy.
      In this position Master's wife,
who had  not gotten dressed after Bek
had sucked her cunt, had a clear view
of her husbands cock as it penetrated
Bek's cunt.  She could see Bek's dark
red  pussy   hair  mixed   with   her
husband's black  pubic hair, at times
Bek expertly  pulled his cock so deep
into her  cunt it looked like she had
grown balls.
       Before Bek was able to satisfy
Master, he commanded ?Bek, Stop' then
?Bek, Fuck  Ass'.  Bek slipped up off
of his  big ram  and  again  reaching
between her  legs guided  his cock to
the entrance  to  her  bowels.    She
relaxed her  ass hole and let his big
stiff cock penetrate her rectum.  She
did not  like this  as  well  but  it
usually was  worth it.   As  Bek  sat
down onto  his cock, driving its full
length up  into her  ass he commanded
?Bek, Masturbate'.  This is what made
Ass Fucking worth it.  As long as she
had his  cock up  her ass,  she could
finger fuck herself.
       Mistress was enjoying the view
of a  beautiful  seventeen  year  old
naked female  sitting on her husbands
lap with  his prick  up her ass.  She
was playing  with his  balls with one
hand and  playing with her pussy with
the other.   As  Bek stroked her body
up and  down  on  his  cock  she  was
running her fingers in and out of her
cunt and  rubbing and  caressing  her
clitoris.
       Mistress got down on the floor
between Bek's legs to get a good look
at Bek  masturbating technique.   Her
Mistress' face  only inches  from her
spread cunt  didn't embarrass  Bek at
all,  she  continued  to  thrust  her
fingers up into her pussy and massage
her clitoris.   When  Master  finally
came, he  shot spurt  after spurt  of
his hot  sperm into  her bowels.  The
feeling of his semen flooding her ass
added to  the three  fingers Bek  had
inside  her   cunt  triggered   Bek's
climax.   Her  entire  body  spasmed.
Mistress watched  Bek's belly  twitch
and  her  pussy  tighten  around  her
fingers in  spasms as Bek experienced
her orgasm.
       When  he  finished  coming  he
commanded ?Bek, Tits Up' and gave her
a good  breast rub.   Before  he  had
finished, Mistress  got  up  off  the
floor, sat  beside him and j4ined in.
Bek was still sitting on her Master's
lap with his cock in her ass while he
and Mistress  rubbed and massaged her
breasts and  nipples.   Mistress then
reached between  Bek's spread  thighs
and  began   playing  with   Master's
balls.  Finally Mistress took hold of
Bek's tits  and pulled  up  on  them,
lifting her  off Master's  still hard
cock.
     Mistress opened the large closet
where the firewood was kept.  Bek saw
they had  installed  a  Post  in  the
closet.   Mistress called Bek to her,
she pulled  the breast high Post down
and commanded  Bek to  stand over it.
The cock end of this Post was covered
with little  bumps and  looked to  be
larger   that    the   normal   ones.
Mistress spread  Bek's pussy open and
set  the  rounded  end  of  the  Post
between them.   When she released it,
the spring loaded Post easily slipped
into Bek's  still wet pussy.  Bek had
once tried  to lower  the Post enough
to get  off of it, but she found that
she couldn't reach it without hurting
her pussy.   She  felt the Post enter
her until  it completely  filled  her
pussy and  pressed firmly against the
end of  her vaginal  canal.  She knew
she couldn't  move  until  Master  or
Mistress released her.
       With  Bek stationary until she
was released, Mistress took Master by
the hand and pulled him down onto the
rug in  front of  the fireplace  with
her, they were both still naked.  Bek
watched as  Master and  Mistress held
each other  and  pressed  their  lips
together.     Soon  they   were  both
feeling  and   fondling  each  others
bodies.   Mistress  was  pulling  and
massaging Master's  cock  and  balls.
He was  squeezing her  tits with  one
hand while  he felt of her pussy with
the other.   Finally  Mistress rolled
onto her  back and  spread  her  legs
very  wide.     She   had  positioned
herself so  that Bek  on the Post was
within four  feet of, and directly in
line with her furry pussy.
     Master got between her thighs on
his knees  and bent  forward over her
body.   Bek watched  him  spread  his
wife's pussy  lips and place the head
of his  long hard  cock between them.
Bek  was   fascinated  as   his  cock
entered Mistress'  body.  She watched
him thrust  his cock  into  Mistress'
pussy  as  she  lifted  her  body  to
receive it.   Again  and again Master
drove his  hard cock  into his wife's
gaping  cunt.    Her  legs  were  now
wrapped around  his waist as Mistress
tried to  get  more  of  his  manhood
inside  her   body.     Bek   watched
Master's balls  tighten and  then  he
started moaning as he filled Mistress
with  his   hot  sperm.      Mistress
screamed  in   pleasure  as  her  own
orgasm started.   Bek  could see  her
pussy grasping the meat pole that was
causing the pleasure.
     Watching her Master and Mistress
fucking had  made Bek  hot, not  just
the  usual   hot  she  achieved  from
masturbating,  this   was   something
special. The  knobby end  of the Post
was pressing  hard against the end of
her  cunt   tunnel,  she  was  filled
completely, but  it felt  good.   Bek
found that  if she  was very careful,
she could move around a little on the
Post.  The knobs on the Post end felt
good as they rubbed the inside of her
pussy shaft.   She  was soon  able to
make the end of the Post feel like it
was fucking  her.   Bek  watched  the
young couple on the floor in front of
her fucking  and moved  around on the
Post inside her cunt.  Bek found that
turning on  the Post made it feel the
best.  She was not quite able to give
herself   an   orgasm   because   she
couldn't stimulate  her clitoris, but
by  the   time  Master  and  Mistress
finished fucking  and turned  to look
at her, she was so hot it looked like
she might  explode.  Her pussy juices
had run  down the  Post clear  to the
floor.
       Master freed her from the Post
then  he  and  Mistress  sat  on  the
settee side  by side  and he  had her
sit on  the floor between them.  They
each started  petting one of her tits
and playing  with her  large nipples.
Bek wanted  to masturbate so bad, but
she knew  she couldn't unless she was
ordered to.  After petting Bek's tits
and making her even hotter for almost
an hour,  Master and Mistress decided
to call it a night.
       As  they were putting the very
hot Bek  into her  run for  the night
Mistress again  took hold of Master's
naked cock.  When they had closed her
door,  Mistress  turned  to  her  and
commanded ?Bek, Masturbate', then she
gently  pulled  Master  by  his  cock
toward their  bedroom.   As  Bek  lay
down on  her blanket  she spread  her
thighs and  her fingers  went to work
on her  sopping wet pussy.  After her
orgasm she wasn't told to stop so she
continued  masturbating.     As   she
dropped of  to sleep with her fingers
still  inside   her  cunt,   Bek  was
thinking how  lucky she was to belong
to such  a nice  Master and  Mistress
and how well she was being taken care
of.
                       

ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
This quality file resided at one time on...

         E  X  T  R  E  M  E
      ------------+------------      ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                 /|\                  ³                                 ³
                / | \                 ³   Portland Metro All Text BBS   ³
               /  |  \                ³                                 ³
              /   |   \               ³       14400: 503.775.0374       ³
             /    |    \              ³         SysOp: Thing One        ³
            /     |     \             ³                                 ³
           /      |      \           ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
            d r e a m e s

