     Last week I was down at the apartment pool getting some sun when a guy
walked up to me and introduced himself.  He said his name was Jim and asked if
he could join me.  He had a cooler with beer and I said, well of course.  As we
sat and talked, I noticed him looking over my body.  I am a tall blond, 5'10",
114 lbs.  My measurements are 38-26-36.  I was wearing a two piece suit that
hid my tits pretty well, but I look good in it.  Well, since I was wearing dark
sun glasses he did not know that I was looking at his bulge.  He was about 6
feet tall, nice tan and body.  He had blond hair and brown eyes.

     We started talking and before we knew it two hours and a twelve pack of
beer had pased.  I said I was going to my place and invited him up.  We got to
my door and he said that he would go get more beer.  I said okay, I was going
to take a shower and that he should let himself in when he got back.  While I
was in the shower he yelled through the door telling me he was back.  I quickly
got out and dried off.  I thought to myself, this guy is hot, and I am going to
have him tonight.

     When I walked into the living room, only in a towel, I saw that he was not
alone.  He was sitting on the couch with another guy.  He introduced him as his
roommate Bill.  Bill was just as good looking as Jim.  I always dreamed of
fucking two guys at once, but never had the nerve to.  Well, I guess the beer
made me brave.  I said, "how would you two like to have fun?"   With that I let
the towel fall to the floor and stood there, totally nude.  Their eyes bugged
out and I walked to my bedroom.  They got up and followed me in.

     I started with Jim.  I pulled his shirt off, then got on my knees and
pulled his trunks down to his ankles so that he could step out of them.  Then
it was Bill's turn.  But when I turned toward him, he was already undressed and
hard.  His cock was about 8 inches long, while Jim's was a little shorter.
Both were very thick and looked delicious.

     They were on me right away.  They sucked my tits and kissed my mouth. I
felt a finger rubbing my clit and then a tongue.  I looked down and Jim had his
head between my legs eating me like an expert! Bill, took his cock in his hand
and fed it to me.  As I was sucking Bill, my cunt was getting a workout.  I
came twice due to the expertise of Jim.  I had my hand around the cock in my
mouth and was sucking, and stroking for all I was worth.  I wanted to have Bill
shoot his jism down my throat.  And he did, lots of cum.  I swallowed every
drop. Jim then climbed on board and fucked my cunt fast and furious, he only
lasted a couple of minutes, but stayed hard.

     Then Bill took the cream from my cunt and began to smear it across and
into my asshole.  He gently inserted a finger and loosened up my poop chute.
It felt great. Then he told Jim I was ready.  With that Jim slowly entered his
cock into my ass.  As soon as he was in and comfortable, Bill put his cock in
my cunt.  What a feeling, two cocks inside me at one time.  I could feel them
as they pumped in and out.  I came three times while they fucked me in unison.
Then Jim shot his load up my ass and pulled out.  To my surprise he was still
hard.  Bill was pumping me as hard as he could.  He pulled out and put his cock
between my tits.  Jim took my tits and held them tight for Bill.  Bill fucked
my tits and came all over me.  My hair, face and chest was covered.  I loved
it, it felt great.

     I started to rub the cream into my skin.  As I was rubbing, Jim said he
wanted a blow job.  I was totally prepared to perform for him. His cock was
standing at attention.  But instead, he took Bill's head in his hands and drove
his cock into his roomie's mouth.  I had never seen this before.  I was
instantly hot and began fingering myself, as Bill's mouth bulged with that cock
in it.  Jim was moaning and grunting.  I could tell he was about to cum again.
I had.  Jim shot his load into Bill's mouth, a little bit slipped out of the
corners of his mouth.  But he got most of it.  Jim told Bill to kiss me.  Prove
he swallowed it.  I could taste the cum in his mouth.  Bill went to his shorts
and pulled out a jar of KY jelly.  Jim told me to get on my hands and knees.  I
did and Jim started lubing up my ass.  Then he rammed his big cock up it.  It
hurt, but felt great.  Jim started pumping and I heard Bill moaning.  I looked
around and his cock was rammed up Jim's ass.  There we were, the three of us
ass fucking each other. Well I came two more times before Jim came in my ass.
I was exhausted.  I crawled out from under Jim and watched as Bill rode his
buddy.  Finally he pulled out, turned Jim around and shot his cream all over
his face.

     What a day.  I will never forget it as long as I live.  I also doubt that
I could top it.  But I sure have fun trying.
