Archive-name: Bondage/bet3.txt
Archive-author: John Carter
Archive-title: Bet, The - Part 3


        He knelt between her legs.  His hands ran back and forth 
in ever shrinking circles between the top of her pubic hair and 
the bottom of her slit.  A circle with his hands and he was 
travelling within her pubic hair all the time, only pausing 
briefly at the bottom of her slit to tantalize and tease her 
before moving on.
        Each hand mirrored the movements of the other.  They 
travelled up the sides of her sex, diverted into the forest of 
her hair and then back down until they met at the bottom of her 
slit.  Three, four, five more times he repeated the maneuver, 
each time the distance between his hands shortened.  
        On the next pass his fingers did not stray out into her 
hair.  Instead, they travelled up the inside of her slit, running 
along in her wetness, pausing at the top of her sex just over the 
clitoris, brushing it oh so briefly, and then decended back to 
the bottom of her slit only to begin again.
        She found herself moaning.  She wasn't sure how long she 
could stand this.  The sensation wasn't yet all that intense, but 
her state of arousal was.  Without any thought on her part, she 
found her hips moving, trying to increase the contact on her 
clitoris as his forefingers passed over it.
        She was wondering how long she could stand this when he 
broke off the pattern, one long finger sliding into her hole.  
The feeling of contact was so intense from this, as intense as 
she could ever remember it being, that she felt her orgasm begin 
almost at once.  
        Her fear was that he would remove his finger, stopping 
her orgasm.  She tried to thrust her hips at him, making a sound 
that was beyond a moan, nearly a snarl.   His finger was replaced 
with two, both not only meeting her thrusts, but rubbing her
g-spot at the same time.
        She felt that the whole center of her being was turning 
to water.  The orgasm began in her loins and radiated.  Each time 
she felt her orgasm begin to subside he increased the force of 
his thrusts.  It seemed to just go on and on.  She was running 
out of breath.  She felt the room swim around her.  Had she not 
been blindfolded, her eyes would have refused to focus.
        "And what's the first number?" she heard him say.
        She was only able to moan in reply.
        "I wonder how long you can keep coming?"  she heard him 
say.  "How much do you want to keep the first number secret?"
        His fingers concentrated even more on her clit.  She had 
begun to enter a transition phase where she wasn't so much 
coming as she was going into sensation overload.  When he would 
speak, she didn't always focus on the first few words.  As she 
tried to catch her breath, which was becoming more difficult, she 
found herself struggling against all of her bonds.
        It was nearly 9 minutes later when she told him the first 
number was 5.

--
