			Beth and Pat's Halloween


Beth and Pat had big plans for Halloween this year.  They had been talking it
over for days, but there was so much they wanted to do!  They finally decided
they would start early each evening, and play out two scenes each night. 
They would each have a turn playing the dominant and the submissive.
Halloween fell on a Saturday this year, so there would be lots of parties on
Friday and Saturday night. 

The were careful to get lots of sleep before Friday; they both knew they were
in for a couple of long nights. 

As many people know, the midwest has long been a hotbed of concealed
kinkiness, and the small university they attended was no exception.  Beth's
sorority and Pat's fraternity both had Halloween parties planned on different
nights, and the couple was sure that these and the bars and clubs in nearby
Chicago would provide ample opportunities for their games. 

				*****

Friday Night, 7:00pm

They had flipped a coin to determine who would top on Friday night; Beth had
lost the toss, and now Pat was watching her wriggle into the sluttiest outfit
she owned. 

It consisted of a black leather miniskirt and a tight black midriff-baring
T-top that she normally used for working out.  She wore no stockings, and
3-inch black pumps and large gold hoop earrings completed her ensemble.  Only
she and Pat knew that under the skirt, she wore not panties, but a black
thong bikini bottom.  However, her lack of a bra was *quite* obvious!  Beth's
long nipples were already stiffening, just from thinking about what might
happen tonight. 

Pat whistled his approval and dumped items from a gym bag onto her bed.

"Ok, slave, time to accessorize,"  he said.

Oh, no, Beth thought.  I was afraid of this.  But she had agreed, as he had,
that for one night, each of them would obey all of the other's commands, to
be modified only by the sparing use of the safe words "yellow" and "red". 

Beth nodded, but didn't speak; slaves need their master's permission for
that.  Besides, they had both agreed it would be better if there were no
questions, only experiences. 

Pat picked up the finely-crafted, heavy leather slave collar, lifted her hair
out of the way, and buckled it around her neck.  Beth shivered as he locked
it with a brass padlock.  Then he clipped a leash to the ring on the back of
her collar, and led her toward the door. 

They stopped by the mirror near the door.  Beth could hardly recognize the
girl who looked back at her.  With her shadowed eyes, and submissively
pouting red lips, she looked like an actress from a bad movie.  And the
collar and leash! 

Pat carried the gym bag with him, saying, "I'm sure we'll find a convenient
time and place for these other toys sometime later this evening." 

				*****

Leaving her dorm was like setting foot on an alien planet.  Sounds seemed
louder, lights brighter.  The rings on her collar jingled.  Beth was sure she
could feel a hot flush in her face and neck. 

The night was very warm for late October; Pat had considered a coat for her,
but he thought she could make it the short distance to the party without too
much discomfort. 

He let her lead the way, tugging on her leash when he wanted her to slow down
(she was almost skipping in her high heels in her anxiousness to get inside
before someone saw her), and directing her to take back alleys and
seldom-used paths.  Still, she was sure at least two boys and a girl saw her
from a distance.  She began breathing heavily; she was afraid she'd
hyperventilate.  Pat soothed her, rubbing her back softly and telling her to
concentrate on the mantra he'd taught her. 

It seemed to help, but then one of the boys who had seen her ran up to them.  

'Thank God I don't know him!' thought Beth.

"Wow!  Great outfit!" said the boy, who introduced himself as Tom. "Are you
going to a party?" he asked.  He addressed Pat, as if Beth was not even
there. 

"Yes, we're going to the Theta Xi party; we just stopped to take a short
rest," said Pat.  "Would you be kind enough to help me with something, Tom?" 

"Sure," said Tom, licking his lips.

"I need to see if my slave is getting wet yet, but I don't want to get my
hands all sticky; could you check her for me?" he asked. 

Without waiting for a reply, Pat pulled Beth into the shadow of a nearby
building. Then he held Beth's wrists behind her back with one hand, and with
the other, he lifted her skirt partway.  Tom needed no further encouragement. 
Slipping both hands under her skirt, he ran them over her firm behind,
finally grabbing and poking at her sex through the bikini bottom. 

"Moist," he said, grinning.

"Thank you," said Pat.  "You may get to play with her some more if you come
to the party, but we would like to make an entrance by ourselves, if you
don't mind." 

"I'll be there!" Tom said, and he shadowed them the rest of the way.  At one
point, Beth looked back and saw him sniffing his fingers. 

The rest of the trip passed without incident.  Beth was in a daze, though. 
This was nothing like she had imagined it would be.  _Could_ she even have
imagined it?  No.  But, so far, she did not want to stop.  This was the most
exciting thing she had ever done, and she knew she would never forgive
herself if she backed out now. 

Pat stopped her in the archway before the house.  "You look beautiful," he
said.  "I want you to remember for the whole night that you will be the
loveliest woman here.  I want you to think of the great gift you are giving
all of us by allowing us to see you like this.  Can you do that for me,
Beth?"  She nodded. 

Pat was not just trying to build up her confidence; he was trying to tell her
how proud he was of her. 

				*****

Their entrance was spectacular.  The party was just getting started.  Still,
as they opened the heavy wooden door (like the door to a dungeon, Beth
thought), they heard loud music.  People had to shout to be heard.  But all
shouting stopped as they entered the living room.  There were a variety of
reactions.  Some of the men were shocked, others lustful and admiring.  Women
gave her and Pat looks of pity, fear, and undisguised, open-mouthed lust. 
Beth could see wheels turning in most of the guys heads, as they tried to
think of schemes which would allow them to spend some time with this
gorgeous, submissive creature. 

Several of the guys did not seem surprised, though; Pat had joined Theta Xi
last fall, and he had prepared most of the brothers for their little game. 

Conversation and dancing resumed.  More people arrived.  They danced, Pat
never letting go of her leash.  They had some drinks; Pat shared his with
her.  She was hardly aware of what she was drinking, what music was playing. 
One minute she felt completely numb; another she was burning up. 

People tried to talk to her; Pat answered for her.  She just nodded and
smiled until they went away.  She had no idea what they were saying anyway;
they seemed to be speaking a foreign language.  Time stretched, and
everything had a dreamlike quality. 

She tried to look at other people's costumes; she couldn't concentrate.  Most
of the time, she just kept her eyes down as she had been taught.  Yes, it was
much easier that way.  She looked at her shoes, and Pat's boots, and listened
to the music. 

A slow dance started, and Pat pulled her into a shadowed corner.  After a few
clumsy tries, he managed to get a pair of pre-set nipple clamps under her top
and onto her hardened nipples.  They were attached to a small chain.  There
was a small string tied to the chain; Pat pulled the chain down and tucked it
up under the bottom of her T-top. 

The dance over, Pat announced he had to use the restroom.  He took her to the
second floor landing, where he locked her collar to a short chain they found
attached to the railing.  The minutes he was gone were the longest in her
life.  A few women made teasing remarks.  The men were devouring her with
their eyes.  No one molested her, though.  Beth could not know that this was
because Pat had asked some of the brothers to guard her; to her they were
just more guys who stared at her like she was the only woman in the world. 

Pat retrieved her, and pulled her a short way down the hall.  "Miss me?" he
grinned.  Beth just gave him a look that showed how relieved she was to see
him.  From somewhere, Pat had gotten two sets of heavy leather cuffs.  He
used one pair to lock her wrists together behind her back.  The other went on
her ankles, with a heavy 18 inch chain connecting them.  Then they went back
downstairs, moving carefully because of her hobbled ankles. 

Her new restraints seemed to raise the male guests to a new level of
excitement.  Pat (and several other brothers) made sure they watched her more
closely than ever, and not just because she looked so sexy; they wanted to
make sure none of the guests started any trouble over this tempting treat. 

Tom, they guy they had met on the way over, was waiting for them, and as a
slow dance started, he asked Pat if he could dance with Beth.  Soon they were
out on the dance floor.  Tom ran his hands over her bare back, squeezed her
ribs.  She started to say something, and he stopped her.  "Should you be
speaking, slave?  Has your master given you permission?" he asked.  Beth
shook her head silently. 

"Then I've got an idea for your punishment,"  Tom said.

To her horror, he slipped his hand under her top and TUGGED ON THE STRING! 
The clamps were not too tight, but this, especially in public, was a
violation!  Her breath exploded from her, and she clung to him, suddenly
dizzy. 

He pulled again, and she saw stars.  "Ppplease stop..." she begged him.

"Do you really want me to stop?" he asked.

She started to reply, but he already had his hand under her skirt.  "Time for
another checkup," he said.  As he rubbed and squeezed, she leaned against him
to keep from falling.  He laughed, and she realized her bottom was drenched,
the insides of her thighs slick with her juices. 

The dance ended, and Tom led her, staggering, back to where Pat waited.  Tom
turned over her leash to Pat, and said, "I think she's ready for your private
party." 

				*****

"Do you have to go to the bathroom?  Now is the last chance you'll get for a
while." Pat asked her.  She nodded, and he took her up to the second floor. 
He unlocked her wristcuffs before she entered the ladies room.  Inside, she 
met a girl who was fascinated by her bondage; she asked Beth a stream of 
questions.

"What is he doing to you?" she asked.  "For tonight, he owns me,"  Beth
whispered back.  The girl's eyes grew wide, and she raced out of the bathroom. 

She wrapped the leash around her neck to get it out of the way, got rid of
some of the beer she had drunk earlier, and cleaned herself.  Her ankle chain
clanked and scraped on the terrazo floor. 

Then they were in Pat's room on the third floor.  He told her to strip, then
he removed her leash, cuffs, and nipple clamps.  He began to soothe her sore
nipples with his tongue and started to reach for her crotch, but, to Beth's
dismay, he stopped himself.  He pulled himself away with an obvious effort,
saying, "Later, my pet." 

He placed her on all fours on a soft sheepskin rug.  Then he locked her into
wrist and ankle spreader bars.  He ran a chain from her collar to the cold
radiator nearby, and said, "we're almost ready for our little party."

He then put a leather ring gag in her mouth, saying, "We're not giving up your
safe word.  You can still make a noise and get my attention; then slap the
floor once for yellow, and twice for red.  Do you understand, slave?" 

She nodded.  Pat completed his preparations by placing a deck of cards, and 
then his cold beer mug, on her back.

So this is it, thought Beth.  I'm to be a table.  She started to giggle, but
stopped when she saw the stern look on Pat's face.  "I advise you not to
spill any of our drinks," he said. 

				*****

One knock, a long pause, and then two knocks in quick succession.  Two of
Pat's brothers (his best friends in the house) were at the door.  Pat let
them in, locking the door behind them. 

Matt and Eric were both very tall; Beth had always thought they were hunks. 
Matt had brown hair and eyes; Eric was blond and blue. 

"God, what a sexy babe she is!" exclaimed Eric.

"She's not a babe; she is my slave", Pat corrected him.

Beth hung her head in shame.  She hated to be talked about like this, SEEN
like this.  Didn't she?  Then why was she so wet?  Why was she rocking back
and forth trying to rub her legs together? 

And causing Pat's beer to fall off of her back and onto the rug! 

Matt noticed it first.  "She spilled your beer!" he said.  Beth moaned softly.

"She'll be punished for that later; right now, we've got a card game to play," 
said Pat.  "Come on, put your beers on the table and start shuffling.  I'll go
get another beer for myself.  And my slave can just kneel in the wet spot,
since she caused it." 

The moment they were sure Pat was gone, they two men began to fondle her,
tweaking her nipples and running their hands all over her body.  Eric slapped
her on the butt when she started to protest.  Matt grabbed her by the hair,
pulled her head up, and looked into her face.  "Are you enjoying this?" he
asked. 

"Uh huh," said Beth from behind the gag.

				*****

The two guys quickly moved away from her when they heard Pat returning with his
beer.  Beth didn't realize he had Sandra with him until she spoke.  "Oh, how
lovely!"  She clapped her hands.  "Dear Beth is here.  Well, now I think our
positions are reversed."  (Beth was a senior, and Sandra a sophomore who had
just joined the sorority.  Beth hadn't done anything the other sisters hadn't
done, but somehow she didn't think Sandra was going to take that into account). 
Sandra had also recently become a little sister at Theta Xi, though Beth 
didn't know that yet.

"Come on, lets play cards," Pat said.  The four pulled up kitchen chairs and
began to play Euchre (a game that Beth had once said was the most boring in the
world).  It wasn't boring tonight, though.  Pat announced that whoever won each
hand would get to "do something" to the slave.  They would play three games.

The players often put their cold drinks on her back, and there wasn't much
space for the cards.  They adapted to this by placing cards on her neck,
shoulders, and behind when they needed more space.  Beth held herself very
still so as not to spill anything. 

Eric won the first game.  "I want to rub her pussy," he said.  Pat nodded.

With a feather-light touch, he began to stroke her pubic hair.  He was
kneeling behind her, and he caressed her ass with his other hand.  He moved
down, lingering on all of the lovely parts of her sex, soaking his hand with
her moisture.  Her breath became ragged.  Through it all, the other three
people watched in silence.  When he finally ended it, he was pulling at her
lips and mashing his hand into her clit.  She came, and almost fell, but he
held onto her waist.  As she recovered, Beth realized that Pat was kissing
her face, and that the drinks and cards she had tried so hard not to spill
had been removed from her back at some point. 

"Two more hands to play," said Pat.

				*****

Matt won the next hand.  "I'm going to bind her breasts - have you got any
rope?" he asked.  Pat told him it was in the gym bag on the bed.  Sandra got
the bag, tossed Matt some rope, and began to squeal with delight as the pawed
through the toys in the bag. 

Matt slowly wrapped the rope around Beth's breasts, over and under, over and 
under, and ended with an intricate knot.  "I've still got some rope left," 
said Matt.  "Crotchrope?" he inquired of Pat.

"Of course," said Pat, smiling.

The loose end of the rope was brought down her stomach, and then, almost
shyly, Matt parted her slippery, sticky lips and passed the rope between
them.  It was then pulled between her ass cheeks, and tied to the ropes which
went around her back. 

"VERY nice," said Matt, as he patted her ass to show his approval.

When Beth looked down, she could see her breasts hanging like two over-ripe
melons from her chest.  It looked weird, but in a good way.  She wanted to ask
Pat to come and touch them, but only a whimper came out. 

				*****

Sandra won the last hand, yanked on Beth's crotchrope, and nearly crowed her
victory.  "I'm the only girl here," she said, "So I get to do more than one
thing to the slave.  I want to humiliate her completely, and your all going to
help me." 

Then she grabbed Pat's head, drew him down in front of Beth's face, and
kissed him, long and deeply.  Beth was outraged.  She shook in frustration,
but her bonds held her tight. 

Sandra walked over to the bed.

"First," she said, as she stepped out of her jeans, "Remove that crotchrope. 
Then, take off the gag and the wrist spreader."  She brought the gym bag over
from the bed. 

Then she pulled off her panties, revealing a beautiful shaved pussy.

"Eric, drop your pants and come over here.  Your slave is right-handed isn't
she, Pat?  Good."  She handed Eric a towel. 

"Slave, you are going to masturbate this nice man with your right hand.  While
you do that, you're going to go down on me, and you'd better do it with a
passion!" 

"Matt, your job is to run this vibrator over the slave's sloppy little pussy -
think you can do that?"  Matt nodded and took the vibrator from her. 

"Pat, you're going to do the most humiliating part.  Stick this vibrating dildo
in her ass, and hit with this crop whenever you feel she's not giving me her
best." 

"Okay, team, let's go!"

And with that, Sandra began to maul Beth's swollen breasts as if they were
some sort of squeeze toys.  "OW!" yowled Beth.  "Are you going to be a good
little slave?" Sandra asked.  When Beth nodded, she said, "Then kiss my
feet."  Beth kissed the tops of Sandra's feet, as she proffered them, one at
a time. 

Next, Sandra grabbed her by the hair and jammed her pussy into her face. 
Beth had never done this before, and she was surprised to find that she liked
the taste and smell of Sandra's pussy.

Around this time, Beth felt the vibrating, well-lubricated tip of the dildo
begin to enter her ass.  She shuddered, and tried to concentrate on licking
and stroking.  The vibrations on her pussy were also driving her wild.  She
could feel another orgasm building, but it seemed that each time she was
almost there, she was distracted by a slash from the riding crop. 

She was indeed humiliated.  But she also loved it.  Although neither she nor
Pat enjoyed anal sex, she could imagine nothing more degrading than having a
dildo shoved into her ass in front of all these people.  And right now,
degradation was what she craved. 

And it was sooo good when she finally came.

By the time it was all over, Beth was covered with sweat, and Sandra had a 
dreamy look in her eyes.

"Okay, guys, they party's over, thanks for your help," said Pat.

"It was our pleasure!" said Eric.

"Any time," growled Matt, "Especially if you need some good ropework done." 

Sandra stayed in the room as the guys left, and Beth wondered what could come
next. 

				*****

What came next was this:

Beth was carried to the large, sturdy, bunk bed and placed on her back.  Her
wrists were cuffed to the bedposts, and her feet were held high in the air by
the spreader bar, which was hooked to an eyebolt set into the bottom of the top
bunk. 

Pat knelt with his knees on either side of her chest, holding her head up so
she could lick the pre-cum off the head of his cock, and eventually easing the
whole thing into her mouth. 

At the same time, since Beth was so conveniently exposed, Sandra nibbled,
licked and sucked her to yet another series of heavenly climaxes. 

Later, as they cuddled on the bunk bed, Beth sleepily asked Sandra if she would
like to move in with her next quarter (a room was opening up in the sorority
house).  Sandra just smiled. 
