	Beth and Len are thirteen year old twins whom I was
asked to babysit for, during the Labor Day weekend, from Friday
till Monday eve. On Friday morning their mother, Debbie, dropped
them off. She told them to behave and reminded them that if they
didn't that I had her full permission to discipline them as
needed. They settled in and were busy playing and watching the
television shortly after Debbie left. 

	That afternoon I was working in the garden out back and
the children were running in and out, and doing the things all
eleven year olds do. I guess it was thirty or forty minutes
before I missed them asking me another question, that it dawned
on me that they were awfully quiet. I went into the house to see
what they were up to. They weren't in the den watching TV
although it was on. I walked down the hall to their room and was
stunned by what I saw. 

	Beth was sitting at my dressing table, and was playing
with my make-up. It was all over the place, except where it
should be. And Len. Well, he had a pair of my best four inch
heels on wading around the room, and he had gotten my newest
silk camisole out and had it on over his clothes. I hadn't even
wore the cami yet. I was really angry. 

	I stormed into the room and asked them what they thought
they were doing invading my privacy. Both of the kids just about
jumped out of their skins. I picked Beth up and stood her beside
me. I told Len to take off my cami and shoes. When he did I took
him and Beth by the hand and led them to the bathroom and washed
Beth's face off. I then took both of them to the den. I was not
talking because I was so upset. 

	I sat them both down on the couch and began to scold
them about using other folks stuff without asking first. I told
them that it was wrong and just like stealing. I told them that
they would both be given a spanking this evening and that for
the rest of the day they would have to sit on the couch, and no
TV. Beth and Len began to whimper. I told them it would do no
good and that I intended to give both of them a good bare bottom
warming. I ask them if Debbie ever spanked them like that and
they both nodded yes. I ask with what and Len said her hand at
the same time Beth said a hairbrush. I told them that they would
get both from me.


	I called them to supper. By then I had cooled down
considerably. I picked up my lecturing to them during the meal.
I asked them questions about how Debbie disciplined them and
found out that she spanked them infront of each other before
sending them to bath and bed. I told them that I felt that
punishment should be thorough, very warming to the bottom, and
that they shouldn't be embarassed about seeing each other's
spanking. All through the meal they were fidgity. When we had
finished I told them to do the dishes and then come into my
bedroom for their spankings.

	About forty-five minutes later Beth and Len walked into
my room, heads hung low. I asked if they were ready and
understood why they were going to be spanked. Both said they
were sorry for using my stuff and that they would not do it
again. I said that was good and asked if one wanted to be first.
Neither moved. I said right, then, Beth come here. Beth started
to sniffle and tears welled up in her eyes. I told her to come
on and get it over with or I would have to get a belt to use on
her. She slowly walked over to me. I took hold of her shorts and
pulled them down along with her panties to her ankles. I took
her and lifted her up over my lap. Holding her with one hand in
the small of her back I laid my other hand on her small round
bottom.

	She started to cry lightly before I even lifted my hand
to give her the first spank. I landed my hand in the middle of
her upturned cheeks. And continued to deliver medium spanks all
over her bare bottom. Her legs were flailing and she was crying
about how much it hurt. I laid on thirty hand spanks to the
cheeks and then started to warm her bare thighs as well. Beth
really cut loose when I started on them. I took my time and
landed spanks on her inner thighs. 

	When I had given her about fifteen on each thigh I
stopped. Beth was just balling and sobbing furiously. I noticed
that Len was staring directly between Beth's legs right at her
little peach fuzz covered slit. I followed his eyes to it and
saw that she was glistening damp. Beth was sobbing and her legs
were still swinging immodestly. Picking up the hairbrush I told
her that she had a few more spanks to get because I wanted to
make sure her bottom was good and warm. I then started to lay on
the hairbrush. Not very hard, but it did crack with each swat. I
gave her ten spanks on her bottom with the brush. Beth was
crying buckets when I finished. I let her lay across my lap and
settle down and rubbed her now quite red backside, and thighs. I
couldn't help noticing that she was rather damp around her
virginal lips. 

	When she had regained herself I stood her up and told
her that I hoped she had learned her lesson. She said she had. I
told her she could watch Len get his spanking now. I told Len to
come over to me. He just stood there and would not move. I told
him that I was going to get the belt and use it on his legs if
he didn't get over my lap. He begged me not to lower his pants.
I said that he had to get a bare bottom spanking just like Beth
did. He pleaded, and slowly shuffled over to me. 

	I undid his snap and slid down the zipper and noticed
that his peepee was stiff. I told him that it was nothing to be
upset about having a stiff peepee. Then I saw whey he didn't
want to take down his pants. Len was wearing a pair of my
panties! 

	I yanked his jeans down to his ankles and pulled him
across my lap. I started to scold him for not telling me earlier
about this. I then took hold of the panties and pulled them very
tightly up on him so they pulled into the crack of his little
butt. His up turned bottom was completely uncovered and the
panties were pulled tightly up in front and back. I could feel
his stiff organ against my leg. I told him that because he
didn't tell me about this earlier that I would have to give him
his spanking completely with the hairbrush. He began to sob and
I started to spank his bum with the hairbrush. 

	I worked it from cheek to cheek from top to bottom. His
little round ass was turning a nice pink color after about
twenty-five smacks. I let the hair brush drift down onto his
thighs and continued the spanking. Len was screaming about how
much it hurt and that he was sorry. I finished up by giving him
five really sharp spanks in the center of this bottom. Len was
rocking back and forth on my lap and crying. I put down the
brush and rubbed his hot backside until he was just sobbing
lightly. 

	I stood him up and discoved that his peepee was still
stiff and that there was a round wet stain on my panties. I told
them to go get their pj's and to take a bath and get into bed
immediately. I sat in the room for a few minutes and then heard
the water running in the bathroom. I got up to go into the
kitchen and as I passed the bath I listened to the kids. 

	Beth told Len that I didn't spank as hard as Debbie did.
Len agreed. I thought you little brats, we'll see about that.
Then Beth said to Len that she saw that he got a cummy out of
his spanking but that she didn't. I was shocked. She said that
she was just getting close when I quit spanking her. Len asked
to feel her bottom and Beth said ok. 

	Just then I had one of those uncontrollable sneezes.
then the water went off and their was silence in the bath. I
went on to the kitchen ahgast at what I had heard. I knew about
adults getting turned on by spankings but these two were young
things. I thought well I'll just have help them along if I
could. 

	The kids came into the kitchen in a few minutes to say
goodnight and give me a hug. They said they were sorry for not
asking to use my stuff. I said I accepted and that I expected
good kids or they would get more of the same from me. I gave
both of them a soft swat on the bum and they went off to bed. 

	I did the same shortly and laid in bed and thought about
Len and Beth, and began to masturbate. I had given myself three
nice orgasms before I finally drifted off to sleep. 

	At breakfast I told Len that I was missing a pair of
lace bikini's and that if he was wearing them that he was going
to get a severe spanking. Len blushed a deep crimson and started
to stutter out an apology. 

	I stopped him and asked Beth if she knew about this. She
said she did, but that she didn't want to tell on her brother. I
told them that I was not surprised by this at all. I told them
that I had heard their conversation in the bath last evening.
Both gulped and blushed. I told them that I understood, and
asked if their mother knew about this at all? They said no. I
asked if they enjoyed the 'feeling' they got from being spanked.
Both readily replied that they did. I asked if they would like
to spend the weekend exploring all those feelings and they
smiled and said yes please. I said ok, and told them to come to
the bedroom when they had finished with their breakfast. 

	I was lying on the bed when they come in and jumped up
on the bed. I said that the first thing we should do is take off
our clothes. We all stripped. Len was fascinated by by breasts
and trimmed bush. And Beth looked at my breasts and rubbed what
was the beginning of her own. They were about as big around as a
silver dollar and stuck out about an inch and a half. Her puss
was covered in a sandy peach fuzz as was Len's cock and sac. Len
was not circumsized. I told them that they could touch me and
ask any questions they wanted. 

	Beth reached out and rubbed my nipples and Len ran his
fingers through my curly bush. I reached out and ran my fingers
up and down and around both of their sexes. They smiled and
cooed. I asked if they ever played with each other and they told
me they had. I asked if they ever gave each other a spanking and
they said no. I said that I would give them a spanking or
whatever they wanted. Beth said she wanted a spanking so she
could have a cummy. I told her ok. 

	By this time len's cock was stiff and swollen. I told
him to watch and if he wanted to play with himself. Beth crawled
across my lap and adjusted herself so her bottom was jutted out.
I reached down and spread her legs and started to rub her
bottom. She moaned very lightly. I started to spank her round
upturned bottom and she raised up to meet each spank. I would
spank her about ten times and then rub her bottom and inner
thighs. I let my fingers trace up and down her slit some. She
was getting very wet and her lips were getting swollen and all
puffy. Len was rubbing his stiff little cock and a small amount
of pre-cum had oozed out. I could feel Beth's wetness against my
bare leg as I spanked her. She began to moan and grind her vulva
into my leg as I dropped my spanks to her thighs. 

	I felt a wet drop hit my breast and looked to see Len
shooting his small cum. I let my fingers trace the slit of
Beth's puss and rubbed her clit as she groaned out a long moan,
clamping her legs together around my hand. Len slumped down on
the bed after his cum and Beth was relaxing back to normal from
her's as well. I withdrew my hand and rubbed her bottom gently. 

	I asked her if she liked her 'cummy' and she said yes. I
asked Len if he liked masturbating while watching us and he
grinned and said yes. I asked him if he had ever tasted cum and
he said no. I told him it was good and that he should not be
afraid to try it. 

	I told him to lick off the drop on my breast. Len moved
over and licked his cum off my breast. The feeling shot an
electric bolt through me. He said it was kinda salty but didn't
taste bad at all. Beth said she wanted to taste it too. 

	I told her to lick the last bit off the end of Len's now
limp peepee. She leaned over and licked off the cum from the end
of his cock. Len moaned. Beth said she liked the taste. I was
dripping wet by now. I told them that I would like to have a
cummy, and asked if they would help me have one. Both readily
agreed. 

	I told Beth to move up and rub my breasts and lick and
suck the nipples. She moved up and started to cup them and suck
on the nipples. I told Len that I liked to be licked between my
legs too, just like he liked it when Beth licked his cock. He
moved over and put his head between my legs and kissed my hot
lips. I nearly exploded instantly. He started to lick up and
down the lips and lap at my juices. Beth was nibbling on my
nipples and rubbing my breasts. Len began taking long slow licks
from bottom to top and hitting my swollen clit with each one. I
told him to keep that up. And to begin in creasing his speed. 

	I moved Beth around and moved her over my face. I was
staring up at the pinkest little slit I had ever seen. I let my
tongue dart out and lick at her puffy lips. She moaned and bit
down on my nipple. I pulled her down onto my mouth and licked
away at her. Len was licking furiously at my soppy pussy. I
could feel a tremendous orgasm coming on. I clasped Len's head
with my legs and started to lick and suck at Beth's little
pussy. I exploded. Len was lapping up all my juices, and Beth
was moaning through the first of her oral climaxes. 

	As we settled down I rolled Beth off to one side and let
my legs relax. Len withdrew his head and said he loved that.
Beth asked if what she felt was what Len had done to me. I told
her yes. I pulled the kids up next to me and we all fell asleep
cuddled up together. 

	We awoke at about four thirty. I told them we needed to
shower. We all went to the bath and got into the shower. I took
the soap and lathered up Len and washed him all over being very
indulgent at his crotch. I then washed Beth all over and
masturbated her some too. Then I told then to do me. Beth took
the soap and started to wash my thighs and rub my love box. Len
lathered up my breasts and worked on the nipples. I was rubbing
Beth's breasts as she washed by sex. When we had gotten squeaky
clean I let them dry each other off as a I dried myself. 

	We then fixed sandwiches and ate in the den watching TV.
I took the dishes back to the kitchen and returned to the den. I
asked if they wanted to explore some more. Both said yes. I
asked if they wanted to have a spanking session or to learn
about masturbating each other. Both said they wanted to do both.
I said that was ok too. 

	I ask if Debbie really spanked them harder than I did
last eve. Beth said yes, that her mom always spanked her till
she had a cummy. I asked if she played with her while spanking
her. She said no, but that she always laid her across her knee
so it was rubbing against her vulva area. I asked Len if Debbie
knew that he had a cummy when she spanked him and he said yes.
He said that he always was spanked until he shot off. I told
them I had a special way of spanking if they wanted it and that
I would do it till they had a cummy. Both their eyes lit up and
said please. I said I would be right back. 

	I went in and got my small dildo and came back into the
room. I handed it to Len and asked if he knew what it was. He
said yes, but it was bigger than his cock. I said that his would
be bigger than that someday. I told him he could be first. He
said great. I had him bend over in the middle of the floor and
grab his ankles. I then put some K-Y on the dildo and gently
probed his ass with it. He groaned as the head pressed against
his tight little bum hole. I then started to spank him. He
jumped at the swat and I shoved the dildo a little harder. I
continued spanking and pressing the dildo. 

	After about twenty spanks I had the dildo in a couple of
inches and his cock was hard, swollen, and purple. I then began
to work the cock in and out of his hole, as I continued to spank
him. I told Beth to come over and sit between his legs and lick
him like she had earlier today. She did so quickly. I increased
the tempo of the spanking and the depth of the dildo. Beth was
licking on Len, and he began to moan. He shot off spurt after
spurt into Beth's face and she licked him clean and used her
hands to get the cum for herself. I withdrew the dildo and Len
fell to the floor exhausted. 

	Beth was bright eyed and very flushed. I asked if she
wanted a treat like that too. She said yes. I told her I had
something just for her. I went in and got my strap on dildo and
came back in wearing it. She got wide eyed and reached out to
touch it. I told her to assume the same position as Len had. She
got up and bent right over and grabbed her knees. I got behind
her and put the end of the dildo up to her little virgin bum
hole. I told her that she could back up onto the cock as I
spanked her. Len was sitting up and watching us. 

	I started to spank her round little butt and shove
gently with the dildo. With each swat she would move back. Soon
I was moving the cock in and out of her and spanking her ass. I
locked my position and spanked her as she moved farther back
onto the dildo. Soon she had four inches in her and was moaning
with pleasure. I continued to spank her and reached around to
rub her slit. Beth was soaking wet. The first time I reached her
clit she climaxed, drenching my fingers. I told Len to come over
and lick her clean. He moved right over and began to lap up his
sister's cum juice. Slowly I pulled the dildo out. Beth dropped
to her knees and sat on Len's face. I took off the dildo and
dropped down beside them and began to lick and suck on Len. His
little cock sprang to attention instantly. Beth was rocking back
and forth on his tongue. I could take his whole cock and sac
into my mouth and lick and suck it. 

	I felt Len stiffen as I tasted the salty drop of cum
from his climax. Beth had already cum. We laid on the carpeted
floor and fondled each other for a while regaining our senses. I
told them that I wanted to have a cummy now. I asked Beth if she
would lick me and Len if he would suck my tits. Beth buried her
face into my crotch and began to lick and drive her tongue into
my slit. Len moved around and began to lick my breasts and suck
the nipples. Beth's tongue felt like a feather working on me and
Len was nibbling my nips furiously. Beth pulled away and asked
if she could do me like I had her. I said ok. 

	She picked up the dildo and shoved it in one motion up
my ass. I arched up from the penetration and Beth put her face
back at my slit. I used my hands to direct her to my clit. She
had the dildo going in and out and was sucking on my clit. I was
going to cum. It started at my fingers and toes and went in and
out in huge waves. I could here Beth lapping at all the juices
and Len was chewing on my hard nipples. I was bucking and
groaning as the shivers raced through me. The orgasm caused me
to collapse on the floor. As I began to regain my self the kids
climbed up on each side of me and snuggled close. I asked them
if they liked the spanking session I gave them and both said
yes, very much. 

	Beth asked they could have another tomorrow. I said
possibly, unless they were naughty, then I would have to send
them to separate rooms to sit. They both agreed to be very good.
We feel asleep on the floor, Beth sucking at my nipple and Len
stroking my slit, as I rubbed both of there sexes. I awoke the
next morning before either of the kids. I saw that Len had a
morning cock. I slipped on a robe and began breakfast. It wasn't
long before Beth and Len were awake as well. 

	After eating we all took another shower together. I had
them masturbate me to climax and then I did each of them in
turn. We went to the bedroom after drying off. We laid on the
bed and talked about what they liked and didn't like and what
and how different things felt. Beth asked me if I liked to be
spanked. I told her that I liked it just like she did, although
I prefered to give them. I told her that my aunt use to give me
spankings just like the one I had given her last evening, and
that when I got older she would use the dildo on my puss too.
Len told me he liked it when I kissed his cock and he had a
cummy. I told him I enjoyed doing it too. As we were laying on
the bed they were playing with me, Beth was rubbing my hard nips
and Len was running his fingers up and down my slit. I was
rubbing on them and had gotten Beth's nipples hard. I asked them
if they would like to do some more today. They both readily said
yes. I asked what Debbie used to spank them with. And to be
honest this time.

		Beth said that she used her hand, a hairbrush,
and a paddle sometimes. Len agreed. Beth asked if she could give
me a spanking. I chuckled and said if she wanted too I guess it
would be alright. She said she really wanted to. I told her to
sit up and I laid across her lap. I pulled Len around and put
his crotch at my face. Beth immediately started slapping my ass.
And for an eleven year old she could spank pretty hard. I
started to lick and suck on Len. He laid back and closed his
eyes. I could feel the slowly rising warmth of Beth's spanks
working on me. It was quite nice. I took all of Len into my
mouth and gently probed a finger into his ass. He started to
moan and move. Beth descended her spanks to my thighs and
continued to deliver them. I spread my legs so she could spank
my inner thighs. I worked my finger in and out of Len and licked
his sac and cock. 

	Feeling him start to stiffen I slowed down and released
my mouth from him and just blew on his soaked cock. Beth was
warming me nicely. I was getting quite wet and started to grind
my vulva into her leg. I crooked my finger and slowly stroked
Len's prostate gland and sucked his cock into my mouth. Beth
started to spank me high up my inner thighs and I spread my legs
wider for her. She was accidently hitting my puss every now and
then. I pulled my head away from Len and told her it was ok to
spank my wet puss. 

	Beth immediately took up the task and started to deliver
a series of spanks onto my swollen lips. I could feel one of
those nice warm climaxes working its way out. Not the earth
shattering kind but the slow smooth cum that just leaves me
ready for more. I dropped my mouth back over Len's cock and sac
and began to really work on him. I rubbed his gland and he
stiffened up and arched his back. I sucked on the head of his
little cock and felt the hot cum shoot out. Beth was really
spanking on my puss. I began to shiver and shake as the climax
swept over me. Beth slowed down her spanking, but didn't stop.


	Beth stopped spanking me as I began to relax from the
orgasm. Len was breathing deeply. I rolled off of Beth's lap and
back between them. Beth said she really enjoyed doing that for
me. I told her that when she was older she could have a pussy
spanking and would find it quite nice. I asked her if she would
like to have a cummy too since Len and I had had one. She said
yes. I asked how she wanted to get it and she said wanted me to
masturbate her. I rolled up on my elbow and let my free hand rub
across her small tits. I traced a line down her stomach into the
sparse pubes between her legs. She spread her legs and put a
pillow under her head to watch me. I leaned forward and took her
whole left tit into my mouth as I began to run a finger up and
down her slit. I gently poked at her puss and got my index
finger in as far as one knuckle. I continued to suckle her
nipples and work my finger in and out of her now slippery puss.

	Len had moved around on the bed to watch, and was
rubbing his stiffening cock. I used my thumb to rub Beth's clit
as my finger continued to move in and out. I nibbled lightly on
her now hard nips. Beth started to moan and I increased the
tempo of my finger movement. She was arching up to meet it. I
pressed my thumb into her and she groaned to climax. Rolling her
head from side to side and letting out a low moan of pleasure. I
withdrew my finger and rubbed it around her lips and let her
lick it clean.
