Archive-name: Bondage/bi_linda.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Bi Linda


     My wife, Diana, and I are swingers and as such we have quite
a lot of sexual adventures. We both love threesomes as well as
swinging with other couples. Linda, one of my wife's friends has
fucked me many times and I love to screw her any time she comes
over to visit. She is a sexual powerhouse with beautiful breasts
and a smooth firm ass that is near perfection.
     One day, late in the afternoon, I had just taken a shower
and had lain down to take a short nap, as we had planned (or so I
thought) to go out and party that night. When I awoke I found
myself tied, with neckties to the bed. Diana was smiling at me
and then I saw Linda looking at me as well! I said, "I hope you
girls aren't planning anything painful for me". Linda winked at
Diana and coyly whispered "Not as long as you're a good little
boy and do everything we tell you". I was a little astonished to
find myself in this position but decided to go along with it as I
had very little choice anyway.
     They had tied me spread-eagle so that I was quite vulnerable
to whatever they wished to do. Linda slowly stripped down to her
crotchless panties, garter belt and hose. Diana removed her
kimono and was completely nude. She went to my closet and got a
wide tie and blindfolded me with it. As she was doing that I felt
a light sensation at the tip of my cock. Linda was using her
tongue and was getting the expected results. She got me rock hard
as she swirled her tongue around the crona of my penis. I couldn't
believe the intensity of the feeling of her lips sucking on my
piece of meat! Linda could give great head but didn't do it to me
very often so this was driving me wild! She very slowly sank her
mouth down the length of the cock as I breathed deeply for more
air. Linda swallowed the whole length of my shaft and started to
move up and down over it pumping it to orgasm.
     She knew that I was pretty close to coming so she pulled her
head away and said "Oh no, not until you please both of us
first". I could tell that they were shifting around on the bed.
Suddenly Linda's body was above me and she demanded that I lick
her pussy until she said stop. I pleaded with her to let me fuck
her as I was shaking with lust from her giving head. My plea was
muffled as she started to grind her delicious pussy into my face.
I licked her clit and heard her start to lightly moan with
pleasure. I pushed my tongue up into her cunt and suddenly felt
Diana sitting on top of me sliding my cock up into her. Linda
started to get really turned on as her moaning started getting
louder.
     Suddenly I felt pain as Diana reached behind her and started
to slide an oil-coated rubber dildo up my ass. She said "Now you
are going to feel what its like when you do this to us!". Linda
started bucking in orgasm as she slid her clit along my tongue
while watching Diana ass-fuck me. Diana got off of me so Linda
could watch better. Linda leaned down closer to watch and started
sucking my cock. The pleasure pain I experienced in my ass was
stopping me from coming very quickly while Linda ran her lips up
and down over my dick.
     Diana started to move the rubber cock into me further until
I told her I couldn't take any more. Then she started to pound it
in out of me causing discomfort but also getting me terrifically
turned on. Linda increased her pumping action on my dick. I could
feel my body constricting as I got ready for a massive orgasm.
Linda tightened her lips around it and increased that wonderful
slippery friction. Diana turned on the vibrator and set it just
below the base of my cock. That was just too much for me. I
started spurting jets of cum into Linda's eager mouth as she
licked me to completion. She kept working on my cock even though
I asked her not to, as it was now quite sensitive. Diana had
stopped ramming my ass with the dildo but she refused to take it
out when I asked her to.
     Linda stopped sucking my sore but now stiff cock and said to
my wife, "Now let's really get him good!". I thought there can't
be too much more they could really do. Boy, was I wrong! Linda
took off my blindfold and stripped completely nude while Diana
brought in a bowl of whipped cream. They proceeded to smear it on
each other's breasts and cunts. When they were done putting it on
each other they both looked at me and said "We're on a diet so
you'll just have to clean us up yourself!".
     Diana lowered herself above my face and made me lick her
clean, moving from her tits to her cunt, back and forth all over.
Linda took her turn and stayed there while Diana sat on top
of me and slid up behind Linda and started playing with her
nipples while I continued to lick at Linda's clit. Diana
started to pump her body back and forth so that both Linda and
her slid there bodies in unison above me. I was now being
"forced" to lick both of them as they slid back and forth above
me. Both girls began to get very hot as they played with each
other and felt my tongue pushing and slipping along their clits
and cunts. Linda got off and moved behind Diana. She adjusted my
cock and slid it up into her cunt. With long slow strokes Linda
started getting me much more aroused.
     I pleaded for them to take the dildo out of my ass now.
Linda reached behind and shoved back in several times more
and said "Okay, as long as you know who's boss."
She pulled it out of me and I finally started feeling full
arousal without the distraction of the pain it had caused me all
this time. Diana had a tremendous orgasm while I continued
licking her. When she was done she got off of me and turned
around. She positioned herself so that she could lick my cock and
Linda's clit as Linda continued to pump up and down on me. Linda
and Diana both reached around behind Linda and started very
lightly squeezing my balls saying that I had better not come yet
as they were not ready to stop.
     I started getting really turned on by Linda's tight cunt sliding
on and off of my blood-engorged cock. I told her I couldn't hold
off any longer so she pulled off of me and stopped for a minute.
Diana then grabbed some more whipped cream and spread it all over
between Linda's legs and said there wasn't any reason that she
couldn't keep going just because I was too hot. Diana then sank
two fingers into Linda's cunt and started licking the cream off
of her. Linda laid back with her legs spread plenty wide so that
I could see her pussy as Diana licked furiously at her crack.
     Linda had closed her eyes and was obviously deep in the throes
of an oncoming orgasm. She started to move her pelvis back and forth
to get as much movement from Diana's tongue across her skin as
she could. Diana slipped her other hand underneath Linda's ass
and gently poked one of her fingers up into Linda's asshole. This
sent Linda into ecstasy as she began to shake and hump in time
with Diana's tongue. Linda moved sideways so that she could hold
my cock while Diana picked up the tempo. Linda went wild and
started sucking me as hard and fast as she could. Diana stopped
working on Linda and moved up to my cock to help Linda work on
me. The sight of both of them licking and sucking me was almost
as much a turn-on as the way it felt. Linda and Diana took turns
licking up and down the shaft and licking my balls. They teased
it by lightly swirling their tongues around the head and then
swallow the whole shaft down to its base. As my breathing got
very heavy and they knew I was ready to come both girls put their
mouths up to the tip and started kissing each other as my cream
spurted out and lubricated their mouths and tongues. I felt like
I was in heaven as I came hard soaking their faces as they kissed
and licked each other clean.
     The girls began to ignore me (it was just as well, I
was out of it for awhile) and I started caressing each
other getting more intimate with their hands each moment. Linda
dipped her head down to Diana's nipples and started to lick them
in circular movements. With a free hand she got some of the
whipped cream and spread it on Diana's nipples and down between
her legs. Linda slowly finished cleaning Diana's nipples and
moved down below Diana's navel. As she reached her pussy, she
playfully licked at the cream and would dart away to lick the
insides of her legs. Diana was aroused enough now to return the
favors and adjusted herself so that they were now both in a 69
position. Diana and Linda moved slowly and smoothly as though
they were one body determined to satisfy itself to the fullest.
     Each would follow the other's tempo trying to bring on an
orgasm for each other. They picked up the pace after many minutes
of close intimate touching and probing. They both began to buck
together as orgasm began to take control of their minds and
bodies. Each moaned in total ecstasy as they brought themselves
into a series of multiple orgasms. As each got higher she would
work on the other girl that much more furiously. The girls
finally broke apart from each other panting heavily trying to
catch their breath. The sight was quite erotic to watch and these
two babes had gotten me hard again without even touching me. I
asked them to untie me so that I could rest with them. Diana
consented and let me go. I immediately grabbed Linda and turned
her over on her stomach. I told her that she had better do as I
said or I would tie her up like they had done to me.
 
     While kneeling behind her I pulled her delicious ass up to my
cock. I shoved my shaft all the way up into her tight little cunt.
I leaned over her body and reached around in front of her and
grabbed her by her nipples. Linda started getting aroused and
started to hump my cock with fast hard thrusts. Diana sat up from
resting and started to lick my balls as I rammed my cock-meat up
into Linda's hole. I could feel my muscle contracting getting
ready to deliver another load of my cream into her slick, juicy
cunt. I felt that terrific involuntary clamping down of my muscle
as it started pumping out my jism into her. Diana heard me
grunting and grabbed my balls tightly as I felt my muscle pulsing
as it pumped several streams of come into Linda.
     I went wild with relief as each contraction hit me.
Time seemed to halt for moment the as I basked in the sheer delight
of feeling my cream being pumped thru my cock to spurt into
I held my cock in her afet I stopped and let it go soft.
     My cock started contracting as I calmed down and it slowly
slid out of her even-now delicious feeling cunt. We all collapsed
there on the bed to rest and take a nap. But I wanted to stay awake
until after they both fell asleep as the bindings were still attached
to the bed! "Revenge" would be mine!

--
