SUSAN'S BIG LOSS...

Just about everyone from the whole junior college was there to watch 
us fight. Susan had told all her so-called friends to come and watch 
her teach me a lesson. I wasn't worried about them interfering, 
though. They only hung around with her because of her money. I 
mean, she was beautiful, but what an arrogant, snotty bitch!

She had been on my case ever since I had transferred here three 
weeks previous. I guess I was no slouch in the looks department, and 
the attention I got from the boys pissed her off. She kept insulting me 
in front of everyone, really pushing it... Well, now I was going to push 
back.

We squared off in a small clearing in the woods behind the campus. 
We were both wearing our gym strip. We circled each other, the 
crowd cheering Susan on. She came at me, spinning on her heel to 
give me a drop kick.

What a laugh! I knew that she had been taking martial arts courses 
for a few months. Big deal. No one here knew me, but I come from a 
family of martial arts experts. Susan was in for a very unpleasant 
surprise!

I easily sidestepped her kick, grabbing her ankle as she went by and 
dumping her heavily on the ground, stunning her. I laughed, standing 
there. She scrambled up, angry. She lost her composure, charged. I 
stepped inside her swinging fists and jabbed my fingers into her gut. 
Her breath whooshed out of her as she doubled over. I jerked her 
head up by the hair and slapped her face, once, twice, three 
times...she was gasping, a stunned look in her eyes. I pushed her 
face with my palm, dumping her on her ass. She rolled weakly onto 
her side, curling up...

I knelt down and shoved her further over, face down, and then 
grabbed the bottom of her T-shirt. I pulled it up over her head and 
then right off. She was gasping, now, obviously panicking. I undid her 
bra and jerked it off, then used it to tie her hands together in front of 
her.

She pressed herself down against the grass, afraid of exposing her 
breasts. She begged me to stop. "I give, I give!", she pleaded. "You 
win!" I just laughed.

I said, "Susan, I happen to know that you planned no mercy for me if 
you had won this fight!" I told one of my few supporters to go and get 
Susan's' purse and open it. She did and pulled out two items, a long 
handled hairbrush and one of the biggest dildos you can imagine! "I 
overheard you boasting to some of your fancy friends, bitch! I know 
what you planned to do to me! Well, I'm not going to let them down, 
but you are going to be the star attraction!"

She began to squirm and struggle, but she really had no chance. I 
jerked her runners off and then peeled away her socks. The crowd 
pressed forward as I grabbed the waistband of her shorts and 
dragged them down her legs and off...

Just panties left now...

She was really wailing now, begging for mercy, for help...but no one 
even tried! Because, when you come right down to it, they didn't want 
me to stop. They wanted to see this rich bitch brought down to size!

Then, to the delight of the crowd, I slowly peeled off her panties, 
revealing her bare ass. Down, down, and off! And Susan was now 
completely naked! She blushed redder than ever, her whole body 
shaking with humiliation! Her breathing was nervous and gasping...

I grabbed her hair and jerked her up on her hands and knees. I told 
her, "You see that stump over there? That's about one hundred yards. 
Well, you've got 30 seconds to get over there, on your hands and 
knees. If you don't, I'm going to give you what you really deserve - an 
over the knee, bare assed paddling! Now, git!"

With that, I blasted her ass with the back of the hair brush. She 
yelped in pain, then began hurrying toward the stump. You can't 
travel fast that way, of course, and she was soon begging for mercy, 
blushing as the crowd laughed at her slow, embarrassing progress, 
hopping along on her hands and knees. I walked alongside of her, 
smacking her ass with the hair brush, hurrying her along, while I 
counted out the seconds. She was shifting her butt all over the place, 
trying to avoid the spanks, but succeeded only in putting on a good 
show for the crowd - her buns bouncing, her tits swaying...

She went as fast as she could, but she just couldn't do it. The 30th 
second counted off just a few feet short of the stump. I stood her up, 
then sat down on the stump while dragging her forward, over my lap. I 
laughed. "Little girl," I sneered at her, "you've been bad, and now I'm 
gonna give your rump a real workout!"

"Now, listen up, Susan," I lectured her. "You're about to get the 
spanking you deserve, but it can be a long one, or a short one. You 
are going to get at least 40 whacks, understand? But I am not going 
to start counting those 40 until one of two things happens. Either I 
reach 40 spanks once, and then start another 40...or else you spread 
your legs nice and wide and let everyone here look at your cunt!"

"No! No! No!" she begged, squirming, "Please, please don't, please, 
I'll do anything, anything-"

I just laughed. I took the hairbrush and began the spanking!

Splat! One! Whack! Two! Ca-rack! Three!

"Just think, Susan, you can still win a moral victory! Maybe you can 
hold out through all 80 strokes and not show anyone your pussy! 
Maybe you can show everyone how tough you are, that you can take 
this spanking without humiliating yourself! Think you can do that?"

Whack, whack, splack, crack!

Her ass jiggled, her body shook. She began to cry out. I knew it 
wouldn't take much more...

Wh-ack! Ca-rack! Smma-ackkk!!!!

Ten strokes, that's all it took. She screamed at me to stop, and quickly 
spread her legs wide open, exposing her naked slit for everyone to 
see!

The crowd went wild, humiliating Susan further, impressing her with 
how complete and public her come-uppance was. "Gee, Susan, only 
ten strokes!" I cooed at her. And now, the final 40!"

Ignoring her pleadings not to continue, I renewed the spanking with 
increased energy. I spanked hard and fast, punishing her poor ass 
unmercifully! She kicked her legs wildly in a vain attempt to avoid the 
blows, showing her cunt even more! After 20 more strokes she was 
bawling like a four year old. To entertain the crowd some more, I 
began angling my spanks, striking the inside of each ass cheek 
alternately, pulling each one away from the other, revealing tiny 
glimpses of Susan's' asshole to the crowd, humiliating her even 
further.

I rolled her off my lap and stood up, watching Susan as she continued 
to jerk and twist, naked on the grass. I watched, grinning down at her 
all the while. As she came back to her senses, she regained some 
control of herself and stared up at me. A fresh burst of tears poured 
down her cheeks. "You bitch! You goddamn bitch! I hate you! I hate 
you!"

I stopped grinning. I raised the hairbrush again, patted it in my palm. 
"I guess you haven't learned your lesson, yet, have you Susan?" Fear 
jumped back into her eyes now and she shrank back from me. "W-
wait! Wait...I...I'm sorry, I-"

"Susan, I'm going to give you another choice. You know how sore 
your ass is. You can either do what I say, or else I'm going to give you 
some more spanks. Two Hundred. Can you imagine two hundred 
more spanks? That's enough to make your ass look like a rainbow. Or 
you can do something for me..."

"Wha-what?" she said, trembling...

I opened my purse and pulled out a pair of scissors and a razor. "I 
think everyone here would enjoy watching you shave your cunt hairs 
off for us, don't you think?"

Susan gasped. She pleaded with me, begged me not to make her do 
it. I just brandished the hairbrush and told her to turn over. With a 
fresh burst of tears, she gave in and took the scissors. With everyone 
gathering around she sat gingerly on the grass, and spread her legs 
wide open, blushing. She began to snip her cunt hairs off close to the 
skin, softly crying and sniffling. The crowd gawked and made rude 
comments, making her suffer in shame.

I collected all her cuttings in a baggie and told her, "This makes for a 
nice trophy, don't you think? Kind of like taking a scalp! Hah! Kind of 
symbolic, too, that you are doing this to yourself rather than face me 
some more. You are going to be hairless like a little girl. Yeah, a 
grown woman with a bald cunt! Just an overgrown baby, if you ask 
me!"

She finished the sicker work and I handed her the razor. She had to 
be careful with it, slowly scraping her stubble away with short, delicate 
strokes. She had to pull her cunt lips open for everyone, to pull them 
away and get at the hairs there. At the end I made her get on her 
hands and knees and put her head down. I knelt behind her, parted 
her knees, lifted her ass up and finished shaving her crotch from the 
bottom of her cunt right up to her asshole. As the cool breeze tickled 
her anus, I sensed her mounting shame and helpless anger. I 
chuckled as I continued to taunt her. How she hated me! And how I 
enjoyed her humiliation!

As I finished, I gave her ass a good smack and then shoved her face 
down, flat on the grass. I untied her wrists and then retied them 
behind her back. I squatted down, my knees on either side of her, 
keeping her firmly under control.

Did she know what was coming? Probably. But she was so 
emotionally spent, so drained of energy. She could barely protest, 
barely continue to whimper and plead.

I took the scissors

She had such a gorgeous head of hair. She really did...

Snip! Snip! Snip!!!

She screamed, began to blubber and beg, pleading pathetically!

Snip! Snip! Snip, snip snip!!!

All she could move were her legs, which were kicking up and down 
furiously while she wailed her protest and the crowd leered and 
snickered! It was fantastic, the ultimate humiliation...

Or was it?

And fifteen minutes later, as I finished sliding the razor over her scalp, 
removing the remaining stubble, I asked her if she was ready to 
behave!

She was in shock. I untied her hands and watched as she kept sliding 
her palms over her naked scalp, trembling, astonished, incredulous at 
what had been done to her! I smiled. Once my rival, now my little pet. 
Such a sweet, sweet revenge...!

She lay in the grass, stroking her head, moaning, twisting, 
crying...then, to my satisfaction she began whimpering to me like a 
little baby! "I'm sorry, I'm sorry," she cried, over and over. "Please 
don't hurt me any more... Please, please?"

I leaned forward and whispered in her ear. "That's good, Susan. Just 
remember who's the boss, that's a good girl. We're going to have a 
little more fun, now, but don't worry, don't think about anything. Just 
concentrate on what I do...to you...right now..." All the while I gently 
rubbed her aching ass cheeks, petting them in a...proprietary sort of 
way...

I rolled her over onto her back. Grabbing both of her ankles, I pushed 
her legs back and apart, exposing her cunt completely. I knelt 
between her legs, making sure she couldn't possibly close them, all 
the while staring into her eyes. She was quietly, fearfully pleading with 
me to stop. But her tone was one of apology and pleading - she knew 
she had no chance!

I began by rubbing my middle finger up and down her cunt lips, gently 
parting them, stroking, pressing slightly forward. "Concentrate, baby, 
come on...concentrate on how my finger feels on your pussy. Come 
on, Susan, make love to my finger, come on, that's it..." She was still 
sniffling. "Come on, be a good girl." I cooed at her.

Her hips began to move. I held my finger still, and was delighted to 
observe her cunt lips push forward against it, almost starting to suck 
on it. I renewed my fingering, and was rewarded with a burst of cunt 
juice!

I began working her harder, sliding my finger up and down her lips, 
smearing her oils along them, making her start to moan. I gently slid 
my finger up her hole, then back out, then in. Out. In.

I figured she was wet enough now, so I slid another finger up her and 
began rotating them, forcing her cunt wider. She responded by 
humping back and forth against my hand. "Play with your tits, babe," I 
ordered her. She reached up with one hand, began pinching her 
nipples. I smiled to the crowd. Susan seemed unaware of them, so 
mesmerized and... captivated...she seemed by my fingering!

She was really gushing now! I worked another finger in, then another! 
Four fingers! I really worked her now, fucking her mercilessly with my 
fingers. Susan was bouncing and humping, squealing and gasping...

And then I gently began rubbing her clit with my thumb. She went 
nuts! Her legs were trying to jerk together, but were unable to close, 
of course. She was going to come, any second now, real soon...

I stopped. She gasped in shock. "No! What?...what are you doing?! 
No, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me...ohhh, please, please...let me come!"

"You can come, Susan," I told her. "Just work at it!" I then tucked my 
thumb against my palm and began sliding my whole hand up her 
hole!

Yes! My whole hand! She began to scream...screams of panic, of 
pleasure, of shock! But she was wet, and pliable, and well-
worked...My hand firmly continued its' way up her cunt till her lips 
were uncontrollably and visibly sucking on my forearm!

I rotated my hand from side to side, amazed at the sight of cunt juices 
spurting out from her hole. She was out of her mind now, fucking back 
against my wrist, desperate to come.

I taunted her. "Come on, baby, come for me. Go for it. Fuck my arm, 
squirt, squirm, suck my fist! Come on, come on...come for me...in front 
of all these people..." Her face suddenly showed a new horror and 
embarrassment as she was reminded of the crowd. "Come for me, 
your enemy, come on her hand, for her, in front of the whole crowd, 
the whole school!"

That was it! She exploded in orgasm, her juices flowing all over my 
forearm, down onto her ass. She bucked and humped and twisted, 
wailing like a hundred wanton whores! Her bare feet pounded up and 
down on the grass on either side of me. What a show! The crowd 
cheered and laughed while Susan, rich, arrogant Susan, naked and 
hairless, squirmed on my arm like a fish on a hook.

I slowly withdrew my arm and stood up, watching Susan as she 
continued to jerk and twist, naked on the grass. I waited for her 
orgasms to subside. I cupped her chin in my hand. "Do you like my 
hand, Susan?" I asked her.

She was squeezing her thighs together, in a spasmodic twitching. 
She pressed her face against my hand and began licking it.

"Please," she whispered, "Please, put it back in! Please, please...fuck 
me some more!"

"You know something, child," I said to her, "I'm going to enjoy having 
you as my precious little servant from now on. My naked, hairless little 
slut! You are never going to have a man again for the rest of your life. 
All your satisfaction will depend on pleasing me, on making sure that I 
am willing to give you what you need...my hand!"

THE END 
