                       Hard Day at the Office


     Kay and Sandy were our newest additions to our tiny office's
work force.  Both were shapely, in their late twenties, and in one case,
...very married.  Trying not to imagine them in sexual situations was
nearly "impossible", as both were always dressed very, very "sexily"..

     I'd just dumped tons of `corrections' on a gigantic document onto
Kay's desktop, as she chatted over the phone.  I could see by the look
of abject horror on her face that this work I'd given her could've waited
till Monday, so I politely stood by her desk, smiled sheepishly and
whispered my apology, and waited for her to get off the phone.  In a minute,
she'd hung-up, and was looking at me, her elbows on her desk, fingers
intertwined, her sexy face resting on the tops of her hands, and her
green eyes afire with "mock" contempt.  "You sure have a lot of balls
plopping that pile of crap onto my desk at 3:45 friday, don't you!!",
she snorted.  Knowing she had the whole thing loaded into the WP and
therefore she would skillfully whip the corrections in there in about
an hour, I just chuckled; "hey, I didn't make the changes, Bill did!!"

     "As for the balls", I'd added, after carefully looking to make
sure the mother-hen "lead" secretary couldn't hear, I leaned over
Kay's desk, and said "there are only TWO, but they are very, very
big!!", and I strode away, knowing either her jaw was on the floor,
or she was stifling her laughter....

     About an hour went by, and we were getting ready to bail-out of
there, when I went to my motorcycle helmet on the hat-shelf, and saw
a `note' stuck in the visor.  I opened it, and inside, was a very
hastily scribbled note, in Kay's neat handwriting, saying "I want to
check-out those BALLS of YOURS, mister!!"  "My phone number is...",
and at the bottom, her name, and a lipstick smudge to-boot.  I went
into the other side of the office before going out the door, but 
noticed she was "gone" already..., so `home' I went..

     Later that night, I remembered her note.  I went to my jacket,
took it out, and dialed the number.  When the answering machine 
picked-up the call, I was "disappointed", to say the least, but
as I began to leave my message, Kay jumped-in and said: "Hey, what
took you so long to call me???"  "Don't you think I'm CUTE, BOY???"
she quipped.  "Why don't you come on over, it's Friday night, and
still early!!!", she added...  "You can take me out for dinner!"

     "I can be there in 45 minutes!!", I offered.  "Good!!!, my
apartment number is 325, third building from the main office..", she
told me.  "Hurry up, I'm starving!!" she yells.  "I'm on my way out
the door!", I tell her, and then "hang up", heading for the helmet and
jacket on the recliner...`very anxious and "excited"..

     After breaking nearly all land speed records to get there, I easily
find Kay's apartment.  In a posh part of Rancho Penasquitos, I know it
costs her a fortune for one this posh.  I ring the bell, and hear her
telling me "Hold on!", "I'll be right there!!!"..

     The door opens, and standing there, in an evening gown that is
absolutely "stunning", is Kay.  "Come in", she `coos', and I follow her into
the living room.  Sitting on the couch, is Sandy, the other secretary from
work, with a cocktail glass in her hand, wearing a leather skirt and a blouse
that really is so transparent, I can clearly see the aureolae of her
large breasts, and her slightly `erect' nipples.  "Hi!", she says, adding
"We thought you'd never get here!!"...  Her `smile' is radiant!

     Sandy stands-up, and the three of us are looking at each-other and
I start to chuckle nervously, and ask "Hey, where's your husband, Sandy??"
Sandy looks at Kay, as if to say: "he doesn't get it, does he?", and turns
back to me and says "I didn't INVITE him!"  Kay asks "would you like a
drink, mister BIG balls??", and looks for my reaction, which is to
blush, and then to "decline" the drink, remembering my motorcycle...

     "Kay invited you over so we could SEE what kind of balls you REALLY
HAVE!", blurts Sandy, in her sexy phone voice.  "When she told me what you'd
told her this afternoon, we thought we'd find out whether-or-not you could
possibly be bragging.....", adds Sandy.  "I, for starters, am getting tired
of MEN teasing me, and not being able to deliver", Sandy complains, and Kay
nods her head in agreement...`adding: "you TEASE a lot in the office!!"

     I am both amused and `horny' now....the thought of "both" of these girls
examining my `nuts', is somewhat interesting to me.  I ask "do we have to do
it here, or should we go into the bedroom??", and Kay says "we thought you'd
be playing hard-to-get.."..."the way you make suggestive comments at work and
then NEVER follow-thru with them..",she finishes, as they both take my hands
and lead me down the hallway..  If I have a bounce in my step, it's from the
tremendously hard cock in my pants, which has betrayed me by popping up like
the periscope on a submarine...  I feel "drunk" as if I'd already had a
drink or two, but I've only been there a few moments, and hormones rushed in
my blood-stream, my dick was beginning to tingle, too.  This whole thing is
so "unreal", I think, as I follow the two shapely women to the bedroom....

     Once we get into Kay's room, there is a huge, canopied bed, with what
looks like a stuffed toy menagerie on it, and a huge down comforter draped
on it.  We look at each-other, and the girls immediately start unbuttoning
my shirt, taking off my belt, and removing my clothes.  Once I'm "nude", they
both go over by the mirrored closet doors, and begin a slow, sensuous "strip-
tease" for me, working down to lace underwear, Sandy in a garter belt and
stockings, Kay in skimpy bikini bottoms and no bra...  I look at their very
shapely asses, which previously I'd only been able to admire through clothing,
in the office...  I never dreamed Kay's legs would be so beautifully long for
such a petite girl...`and what wonderful titties!!!  Sandy's cunt had `red'
hair!  Kay had a cute heart-shape cut of her whispy blonde pubes.  Oh boy!!

     Being gently pushed onto the bed by them was fun!  I pushed-off the
crowd of stuffed animals near on the pillows, and reclined.  My head hadn't
hit the pillow, when Sandy's soft mouth had closed over my aching, twitching
prick, and Kay's succulent, nectar dripping cunt was being lowered over my
face, her smooth stocking clad legs on each side of my head....  I marveled
at how skillfully Sandy devoured my long, fat dick, and hearing her "moans" 
as she slurped my dick into her throat.....'it just made my cock harder in her
hot mouth....  Kay's cunt was so pink and delicate, the inner-lips parted, the
light pink tissues shiny with her juices, and I could see the muscles squeeze
down, trying to capture the tip of my tongue, as I swirled it inside her 
opening.   For a few moments, all you could hear in that bedroom, were
my moans, Kay's `grunts' as I stabbed my tongue into her snatch, and Sandy's
`slurping and gobbling', and her occasional groans and shudderings...

     "His balls ARE big, just like Kiwi fruit!!", Sandy chortles, as she
pauses pulling my heart and lungs thru the shaft of my penis.  I didn't have
a full-blown and "sharp" orgasm in her milking mouth, just oozed bunches of
sperm, in semi-orgasmic releases, as she rhythmically drew the stuff out of
me..  Kay's juicy, creamy vagina was sliding up and down the full length of
my face, as she smashed her cunt down hard on my sucking mouth.  It was like
eating a last meal, eating of Kay's pussy as if the creamy sustenance was my
only hope for survival.  Seeing Kay's tummy muscles spasming in her orgasm,
feeling the ridges in her cunt clasping my searching tongue, I began to
buck my hips upwards into Sandy's feverishly sucking face... "UNNNNNHHHHHH!!!
..UNNHHHHHHH!!!!!....UMMMMMMHHHHNNNNN!!!", Sandy groaned, as I released more
and more of my thick hot cum into her hotly clasping tongue and mouth...
"OOOHHHHH!!!!!Ohhhhh Kay.....you UNNNHHHHH!!!! ought to see this man's dick!",
whinnied Sandy, as she pumped the shaft feverishly with her sexy
fingers.  "So goddamned hard!!"..."So fucking VIRILE!!!", Sandy husked...
"God, I want this in me, Kay!!!", Sandy whimpered..

     "I want to FUCK!!!", I protested.  Kay then growls "I'm taking him
first!!", and shifts her body off and around, facing away, straddling me...
Sandy's hand guides my prick into Kay's tight cunt, as Kay pushes her cunt to
me, her legs down my sides, my hands on her wonderfully nice buns.  It's
a difficult angle to go into Kay, but my cock goes into that muscular, hot
channel and hits her cervix right away.  "OOOOHHHHHHH!!!", groans Kay, as
she begins to wriggle around on me, raising herself on her arms, her face the
look of lust incarnate.  Sandy is fondling Kay's titties, pinching her erect
nipples, as I plow into Kay's tummy.  I look at the pink cuntal tissues still
clinging to my retreating cock, a bright pink ringlet, shiny with pussy cream,
and some sperm, no-doubt, as I seem to be perpetually leaking into her...not
orgasming in the "explosions" I'm used to...but continually coming and leaking
semen...  I think to myself: "Sandy, you nearly sucked my BALLS completely
dry", and Kay is "finishing the job" now....  God, this felt "good!!"

     Fucking like this is not easy, so I move Kay around so she is facing me, 
and Sandy again guides me into Kay's seething hole.  As Kay impales herself
and slides up and down, I can feel Sandy's tongue on the lower portion of
my dick, where it disappears into Kay's juicy, spasming cunt.  My hands ride
Kay's ass, kneading her cheeks, my fingers feeling the opening of her cunt, as
I try to slow the pace of my thrusts into her..  "What's the matter.....BIG
BALLS...`can't take a good fucking???", Kay teases, her breathing just short
gasps, her voice very serious.  "Are you going to really FUCK ME, or just
TEASE ME?", she kids me, and bends down to kiss me.  The feeling of Sandy's
tongue licking my cock as it slides into Kay's pussy, is so good I begin to 
push my dick into the deepest, most remote recesses of Kay's vagina, feeling
the ridge of the head of my dick literally at the limits of Kay's pussy..
"Your cunt is goddamned tight, Kay!!!"...."Sooooooo Gooooooood!!!!", I
croon at her, as she looks into me through my eyes...  "I'm UNNNNNNHHHH!!!
...UNNNHHH!!!!..glad you like it!!", Kay `grunts'...looking sexily back at me
as she begins to gyrate her hips, swirling my dick deep into her cunt...
"You've got an AWWFULLY NICE COCK, lover boy!!!", Kay whispers to me, as she
concentrates on the orgasm I can feel starting deep inside her tight cuntal 
walls... "AHHHHHH!!!!.....OHHHHHHhhhhhhhhh!!!!......AhhhhhHHHHHGHGGGG!!!!",
Kay `squeals' in sexual ecstasy, as she begins to come on my cock... 
"OOOHHH!!!!....OOOOHHHHHH!!!!!!...OOOHHHHHHH!!!....I'm CUMMINNNNNNN!!!!!!",
Kay `moans' to me, her pelvis moving so swiftly up and down, my cock comes out,
..only to be put back in by Sandy, as I slam into her womb... "You want
my cum, baby??", I ask her......looking into her eyes, wanting to see the
need in them, and she says: "I want it ALL.....SHOOT IT,BABE!!!!", and falls
forward, onto my chest.  I push up and just stay deep, and even as I know
her cunt is orgasming, twitching wildly, she feels the pulsations of sperm
jetting into her cunt, and grunts each time I squirt..  We kiss so hard that
I can hardly catch my breath...."Ohhhhhhh Babeeeee!!!", Kay whispers..

     "My turn!", Sandy exclaims, pulling Kay's limp body off my sweaty,
shaking form.  I am still semi-hard, as Sandy slides her incredibly soaking-
wet cunt onto my still spasming dick.  "AHHHHHH!!!YESSSSSS!!!", hisses Sandy
as she works my growing cock deeper and deeper into her.. "OOOHHHH!!!YEA!!!,
Sandy cries, as I finally touch her pouty cervix with the broad head of my
now fully erect dick.. "God!!!  Your prick is so HARD in me, baby!!!", Sandy
cries, as she digs her long, red nails into my chest.  Kay is laying on her
side, watching me fuck Sandy with a curious, intense look on her face.  Her
fingers are digging into her cunt, her leg raised so I can see her pussy..

     "Does your husbands dick `stretch' your cunt, Sandy??", I pant, as I 
wonder how this pussy can be so tight, after two children.  "No!....his dick 
is a lot fatter...but it.....OOOOHHHHH!!!!....`doesn't go in me so DEEP as
your......OOOOOHHHHH!!!!!....cock does...", Sandy leans down to kiss me deeply
as I push my hips up into her..  "Don't you LOVE my cock, Sandy??", I ask
her, as her eyes close, seemingly to concentrate on the `feelings' my buried
cock is causing deep in her belly...  "Ohhhhhhhhh!!!!!...Yesssssss!!!!!!!...
it's...it's.....soooooo GOOOOOD!!!"....."soooo DEEP!!", she squeals, as I
rotate my dick deeper..."OOOHhhhh...you fuck me so good....SO GOOOD!!"

     I usually have more control over when I come, but Sandy's hot talk is
taking me away, sweeping me away......as I pull her body hard onto me...
"AAARRRHHH!!!....AAAHHHHH!!!!....AHHHHHHHRRGGGG!!!", I groan, as the sperm
rushes and jets from my cock.....flooding Sandy's cunt..  I feel such a flood
of emotion, as Kay's hips buck back and forth, her fingers making her orgasm
rush over her, as she fingers her clit, and Sandy's tight cunt is taking
more sperm out of me...  Sandy's body is shaking uncontrollably on mine.. 
"AHHHHHHHHH.....DAMNN.......OhhhhhhhhH...Sandeeeeeee......Kayyyyyyyyy!!!!", I
shout, as we all three writhe in mutual orgasm.   God, it was an explosion,
my brain cannot deal with.  Am I `dead'....in heaven???, I ask myself....
The pleasure of cumming deep inside of Sandy, and seeing Kay's hips spasming,
is nearly "too much" for me to take, as my dick and spine `throb' and feel
as if they're going to sparkle away in molten fire of sexual release..

     I lose consciousness, my body seemingly floating.  The overload of my
senses is "too-much", and as my brain goes off-line and my spine shatters in a
thousand brightly shining pieces.....the lights go out.  When I come to, both
girls are "out", `too.....Kay's arm wrapped around Sandy, and Sandy laying
on top of me, partly onto Kay..  For the rest of the night, we "explore"
every sexual position two women and a man can conceive, and my dick truly is 
"sore" from the fucking and sucking.  Even my so-called big balls "ache" 
now....  I fall asleep between Kay's legs, Sandy's hand protectively holding
my deflated cock, and the clock says 4:49 a.m..

     Monday morning was pretty funny!  When I walked into the office, my boss
asked if I had a "nice weekend", and I `chuckled' as I told him "Yes, it
was probably one of my most productive"...  I could hear Sandy and Kay in
the other room "giggling" at this...`knowing full-well neither of them could
sit-down without feeling where my cock had stretched their pussies...nor could
they sit without some of my `cum' seeping into the crotches of their panties..

     "Big balls??", I thought to myself.......


THE END


