Adam's Big Brother



Today was a big day for 10-year-old Adam Ellison. It was the first 
time he was going to stay over night at his recently-aquired Big 
Brother's house; and not just over night - but for a whole 4 days! He 
was very excited as he waited for David, the new man in his life, to 
pick him up. He had packed and repacked until his mother made him sit 
down and play Super Mario Brothers to help him relax. Still he jumped 
up and looked out the window every time he heard a car drive by.



Adam was a lively boy, if somewhat hard to handle for his mother. 
Since his parents had divorced (and his father having run off with a 
blond "bombshell") a full 3 years ago, he had had a rather rough time 
of things. His mother worked hard, unable to collect any child support 
from her run-away husband. She worked as a waitress and frequently had 
to work evenings and nights, depending on her airheaded sister and an 
alcoholic neighbor for childcare when she couldn't be home with Adam. 
This was especially hard on the boy and he expressed his frustration 
in various inappropriate ways. He was used to getting bare-assed 
beltings and other harsh punishments from his various caretakers, 
condoned virtually carte blanche by his mother, Brenda, knowing what a 
handful he was around the house. 



Brenda had started Adam in occasional programs at the local YMCA 2 
years ago, and from there she got the idea for applying for a Big 
Brother for the boy. It took over a year, but when David Shields 
presented himself to her as a candidate she accepted without question, 
greatly relieved that her son now had a role model and she had someone 
to look after him. David was a well-mannered and  handsome man of 33. 
He had a Bachelor of Arts degree and worked as a display artist for a 
local advertising firm. He seemed intelligent and personable, and was 
willing to devote most of his free time to her son, a gift she gladly 
accepted.



David Shields was breathless the first time he met Adam. He knew from 
the photograph he had been shown that he really wanted to meet this 
boy. But his dreams came true when he saw him standing there, small 
for a 10 year old, barely 4 feet tall and only 52 pounds, with a 
diabolical charm that demanded utmost attention! But for his 
diminutive stance Adam exuded energy (in every form), something David 
craved! After spending a single afternoon in the park with Adam David 
knew he had the boy of his dreams in his hands. And Adam saw in the 
man the loving, caring father he had never really known. From that day 
on each of them thought of little else but spending time with the 
other...and Brenda was elated!



To Brenda David was a Godsend. His demeanor was slick and he offered 
her virtually everything she wanted. He had told her that since his 
recent break-up with his fiance that he wanted time to reflect on his 
own youth and found Big Brothers to be an ideal vehicle, which she 
couldn't deny. David offered her "as much time as possible" with Adam, 
and even suggested that once school let out regular weekend overnights 
were welcome. Brenda found this to be an offer she couldn't refuse and 
continued to butter David up (needlessly) in an effort to keep him 
interested in her son. By the time school let out Brenda had arranged 
for David to keep the boy every weekend and granted him every 
privilege of discipline and loco praentis. In all these matters David 
concerned himself not with details but with generalities. He wanted 
Adam at any cost, and considering the obvious graciousness of the 
boy's mother he accepted her every offer; offers which fell like 
gilded feathers into the pockets of his desire. In the course of their 
agreements Brenda had mentioned, ever so casually (so as not to 
disturb) Adam's "little bedwetting problem". To David this was as if a 
"stroke from heaven: Adam had the same problem that David had suffered 
with for 14 years of his childhood!". Upon hearing of this, several 
weeks from the time he was to take Adam for their first overnight 
adventure, David made every effort to convince Brenda that he would, 
if allowed, take every effort to help Adam to overcome his "problem", 
and in so doing got the child's mother to sign a quasi-medical release 
which allowed David to take up any endeavor he considered potentially 
curative in this (or any other) situation. David never mentioned the 
knowledge of the bedwetting to Adam; but in his constant dealings with 
his problem, which occurred at least twice a week (and often more), 
Adam was forced to confront both his caretakers and his mother about 
the problem; a behaviour he was frequently whipped for. It was not 
until shortly before David was to take Adam overnight that Brenda 
became convinced that David was "an expert" in dealing with problems 
like bedwetting, a belief she had conjured out of her private 
consultations with the man. Even so, she never confided with her son 
about her decision to let David take control of the problem, nor had 
she even mentioned that David knew anything about it. So Adam, 
convinced of David's ignorance of his "problem", hoping it would 
disappear before David would ever see it in person, hoping for the 
Moon...and eventually believing that David would never know the 
truth...in the ensuing weeks neither boy nor man mentioned the problem 
to the other...



Very quickly Brenda became convinced of David's parental potential, 
and not willing to risk any romantic conflict, gave him full parental 
power over the boy starting with their first 4-day weekend which was 
about to happen. Beep-beep came through the open window as Adam jumped 
up for the 100th time and there was David's car. The boy yelled "He's 
here! He's Here!" and ran to the door opening it with arms outreached 
for an inevitable hug with his mother right behind him. David was 
almost overwhelmed. After a few minutes going over last details David 
grabbed Adams suitcase and they waved goodbye to Brenda who was very 
glad to have the fidgety boy out of the house for a few days...but not 
nearly as happy as David was to have the boy to himself for a few days 
of heaven. As the 2 drove to David's house Adam talked about baseball 
and David's computer, something he was very interested in. Adam had a 
video game machine but liked David's computer a lot more; David was 
more than a hobbyist - he used his computer's graphic ability to do 
much of his display work.



Soon they were at David's house and David took Adam right to his 
bedroom where he had set up a youth bed near his own queen-size bed. 
David helped Adam unpack his things, putting his slacks, shirts and 
underwear into his own dresser, in a space he made especially for his 
little friend. It was already late in the afternoon by now but there 
was still plenty of sunlight so the two went to the park behind 
David's house to throw a ball around and swing and slide on the 
playground equipment. It seemed like only a few minutes had gone by 
when the sun finally began to set. David suggested they drive over to 
Burger Chef's for dinner where they had a fun time. When they returned 
home it was after 9pm. David suggested the boy take a shower and get 
ready for bed and if he was still not sleepy they would work on the 
computer together a while. Adam agreed, and went into the bedroom and 
got his PJs and then went into the bathroom and took a nice soothing 
shower as David listened, his mind full of images. A few minutes later 
the wet-haired lightly pajama-clad youngster came out of the steamy 
bathroom and eagerly approached the computer. Together they sat at the 
screen playing games and looking at pictures while drinking one soda 
after another. David showed Adam some of his latest artwork which was 
mostly of men and boys in various kinds of underwear. When Adam asked 
why he drew that kind of picture David explained that that was how he 
made his living: people wanted to know what various kinds of underwear 
looked like and it was his job to draw pictures of people wearing 
them. He showed the boy an example of his art as it appeared in the 
local newspaper and Adam said "Oh, sure! I've seen those ads. So 
THAT'S what you do!" Then David showed Adam the basics of drawing a 
boy's underwear layout, starting with a boy that looked remarkably 
like Adam. When the outline was drawn David began to fill in details 
that normally weren't in display ads and Adam remarked "Hey! That 
looks like me! But I don't have any clothes on! Put some underpants on 
me!", blushing as much as he was giggling to see a naked drawing of 
himself on David's computer screen. So David said "No problem!", and 
drew a pair of underpants over the image's naked loins, to which Adam 
giggled "That's better!...hey, can you draw a girl naked like that, 
too?" David didn't even reply. He cleared the screen (with a sly save 
of his previous work) and drew an anatomically correct young woman's 
naked picture in under 5 minutes as the child watched intently, 
imagination racing. By the time the picture was complete Adam was 
uncomfortably aware that he had an erection, something that was 
happening more and more often as he headed toward his 11th birthday, 
just a few weeks away.

 

And just as David completed the little nude, he stood Adam up and said 
it was bedtime. Adam tried to turn so that the little bulge in his 
thin pajamas wouldn't be noticed, but David noticed it right away, but 
to curb the child's embarrassment said "looks like you really LIKE my 
artwork, eh?" in just the right tone and Adam giggled back "I sure 
do!", and took no more effort to conceal his arousal. Together they 
went into the bedroom and David tucked little Adam into his youth bed 
against mild pleadings from the boy that they sleep together in 
David's big bed (to which he was assured "all in good time"), a kiss 
on his forehead and a comforting exchange of "I love you"'s, David 
left the boy snuggled up with his favorite teddy bear in the dimly lit 
bedroom.



David grabbed a beer from the fridge and returned to the computer to 
draw picture after picture of Adam in every possible sexual pose he 
could imagine over the next 2 hours, making occasional checks of the 
child's bed for wetness. He went into the bathroom and found the boy's 
shirt and trousers, socks and underpants lying on the floor. Picking 
them all up and returning to the bedroom he decided to turn in at 
2:15am, a little drunk, but not too drunk to jerk off to an explosive 
climax as he thought of his delicious little friend in the next bed, 
his little-boy underpants engulfing his own enraged penis, bursting 
his globs of semen forth into the virgin-touched "Fruit-Of-The_Loom"s, 
trying not to make so much noise that it would wake the boy (too 
much).



Despite his late retiring, David managed to crack an eye before Adam 
stirred the next morning, and carefully he crept out of bed and felt 
for wetness on the youth bed...and he almost cried out when he 
discovered that the bed was not just damp, but saturated! Delicately 
he left the bedroom and made his way to the kitchen and started coffee 
and a breakfast for two of eggs and bacon, taking a moment to turn on 
the early morning news on the TV, just loud enough to eventually wake 
the sleepy boy.



As Adam woke up his lively spirits quickly sank as he felt the soaking 
wet bed beneath him. What he had so hoped (and prayed) for had not 
happened. He had wet the bed the very first night. What would David 
think of him?!? He noticed that David was up and smelled breakfast 
cooking. He was afraid to get out of the bed yet afraid to remain in 
it. After a minute he decided he might be able to sneak into a dry 
pair of pajamas and somehow fake the wet bed if he could get to the 
bathroom and get a glass of water and "accidentally" spill it on the 
bed. He went for it, but just as he was standing naked in front of the 
dresser looking for a dry pair of PJs David walked in, feigning 
ignorance, calling the boy to breakfast. David was as surprised to see  
Adam naked at the dresser as Adam was. The boy had not yet made any 
attempt to cover his "accident" and it was easy for them both to see 
what had happened. David looked at the soaked bed and then grabbed the 
wet pajamas from the floor. With a stern voice he said directly "I 
guess you better take a shower while I clean up in here." Adam 
understood, tears welling up, and walked directly out of the room to 
the bathroom and took a shower. In the meantime David was torn between 
masturbating and cleaning up. He had anticipated a possible bedwetting 
while the boy was in his care and knew the mattress he had bought was 
waterproof, but he wasn't about to let the boy know...not yet...



As Adam showered his body he cried softly. As he washed his little 
penis he thought of the previous night and what fun they had had. Now 
he wondered if he would ever have fun with David again. Finishing up 
he dried himself off and walked back into the bedroom with just a 
towel around his waist. David was sitting on Adam's freshly made bed, 
looking less friendly than usual. Adam hung his head low, expecting 
the worst. With a solemn gesture David pulled the boy's chin up and 
looked him square in the eye and said "If you can tell me face to face 
that this was a very unlikely accident, I might be inclined to believe 
you. But if you can't, say so now or our relationship is over!" 
David's words hurt Adam. He didn't quite know how to interpret his 
voice or what it said, but after a slight pause he understood and 
admitted he had a bedwetting problem; hoping for understanding, 
anticipating the worst.



David shook his head slowly as he thought, then said "Well, your 
mother might be happy cleaning up after you but I don't think I can 
handle it. I guess I'm going to have to take you home and forget about 
any more overnight stays..." Adam began crying softly, begging for 
mercy. But David continued "... unless you're willing to wear 
protection at night." Adam asked "Wh..what kind of protection?" David 
replied "Well what do you think? Diapers and rubber pants, of course! 
If you're willing to wear diapers I think we can work everything out 
just as we planed it, and I do want you to stay. You know that."



Adam blushed all over as he listened to David. Shivering a little and 
with quivering voice he said "Will you promise not to tell anyone else 
about the diapers?" David assured him he would take every effort not 
to embarrass the boy by telling anyone he wore diapers and with that 
they shook hands on the deal. Yet Adam was still crying from his shame 
so David took the boy into his arms, letting the towel drop to the 
floor, and hugged and kissed him, making him feel much better in a 
short time. David picked up the towel and wiped away the boy's tears 
and then in good natured fun rough-dried his hair and body to get a 
smile back into him. Soon Adam was himself again, with his impish 
smile glowing as David ran the towel over the boy's genitals. That 
smile was indicative of the erection he had just acquired, much to 
David's amusement. He continued carefully drying these special parts 
saying "My, don't you get excited easily!" followed by a little 
giggle. Adam replied "Mommy calls it my 'little monkey' and says it 
means it'll make some woman real happy when I grow up, whatever that 
means...but only if I stop wetting my bed..."



David continued his redundant drying of that "little monkey" saying 
"Adam, if you really want to learn to stop wetting your bed and are 
willing to try some experiments and exercises, even though they might 
be a little embarrassing or uncomfortable, I think I can help get you 
staying dry." With more tears on the verge of spilling Adam replied 
"I'll do ANYTHING if it might help...as long as it doesn't hurt too 
much. What kinds of things?" David replied "Well, I'll do a little 
research and see what we can come up with. First of all I think I 
should take a close look at your 'little monkey'. Do you mind?" The 
boy smiled and lay back on the bed with his legs parted and said, with 
some concern "Sure you can...do you think there's something wrong with 
it?" Like a jeweler inspecting a fine gem, David examined Adam's stiff 
little penis and scrotal sack. With mock concern he asked "Does this 
hurt or feel good?" as he gently stroked the boys perfectly formed, 
cleanly circumcised penis while softly fondling his balls. Adam 
giggled, saying "That feels GOOD!". So David increased the speed of 
his stroke to a masturbatory level and asked again, receiving the 
same, but more emphatic reply. Like a good doctor David said "Well let 
me know if starts to hurt or you want me to stop..." Adam thought to 
himself "Boy, this is a neat treatment. I hope it doesn't work too 
fast!" as he relaxed with his hands folded on the pillow behind his 
head. David continued his stroking, trying several approaches and 
tempi as Adam became more and more excited. Eventually Adam squeaked 
out "Oh, oh, I think something's happening! It hurts - no it feels 
GOOD! Eeeeee!" as David stroked the boy to his first, but totally dry, 
orgasm. When he sensed it was over he stroked the boys head, bent down 
and gave him a kiss and said "No, I think your penis is working just 
fine. The problem might be somewhere inside. I'll read about it and 
see what we can find. Now I want to get you dressed because you have 
to be at the "Y" soon and I have to go to work.", and with that he 
pulled out some underpants, socks, a T-shirt and a pair of shorts and 
dressed his little companion, fed him breakfast, and dropped him off 
at the "Y".



All day long Adam kept thinking about the fun exercise David had given 
his "little monkey" that morning and couldn't wait for another one. 
All day long David thought up new ways of "exercising that little 
monkey"... At 3pm it was time to pick the boy up. Adam ran to David 
with a big smile and put his arm around the man's waist as the walked 
out of the "Y". Once in the car David said, in a slightly somber way, 
"I guess you know what we have to do now..." Adam replied hesitantly 
"ummm...no, what do we have to do?" David answered in almost a whisper 
"We have to get you some diapers, remember?" Adam blushed as he 
remembered his promise, but tried to argue "but maybe the exercise we 
did this morning cured me! Maybe if we do some more I won't need 
diapers!" David replied "Now be realistic, Adam. If these exercises 
work, it may take quite some time. No exercise works after one try, 
and most take many, many tries. Now are you going to give me a hard 
time about the diapers?" Adam realized he had no choice and 
reluctantly said "No. Were do we go to get them?" David had done some 
phoning around and had found a surgical supply store that stocked 
heavy cloth youth diapers and plastic panties which the sales clerk 
highly recommended for a chronic bedwetting child of Adam's age. So 
off the drove to get the boy outfitted. When they arrived Adam got 
cold feet. He gently pleaded not to have to go in the rather 
forbidding looking building, but David assured him that this was were 
everyone with his kind of problem went for diapers and that they were 
expecting them. So nervously they both entered the large store, 
passing by wheelchairs, portable toilets, crutches and many things too 
odd to describe. Finally they approached the counter and a middle aged 
woman with a white coat on came to them and asked what she could do 
for them. David recognized her voice from the phone call and explained 
that this was the boy with "the problem". With a familiar smile she 
sized him up and took them to an area that had all sorts of rubber 
sheets, disposable "adult diapers" (something Adam had never imagined 
they made), and plastic pants. She got a cloth measure and ran it once 
around his waist and to the boy's surprise she ran it from his 
bellybutton right through his legs and up to the small of his back 
while going over the details of the boy's wetting pattern with David. 
They quickly agreed he needed the "best" cloth youth diaper they had 
to offer and she pulled one out of a package and held it up for them 
to examine. It was thick and very soft. The woman assured them both 
that this was a very popular item and that it would keep the child dry 
all night without his needing to be changed in the middle of the night 
as would probably be necessary with disposables. David asked for 6 of 
them. Then they were shown some pull-up plastic pants that were full 
in the crotch and were told that these fit very well over the 
excellent diapers they had selected. David took 3 pairs. Adam remained 
speechless throughout, too embarrassed and entranced with the idea of 
wearing these things to make any comment. The bill came to just over 
$100 (including some complimentary diaper pins), which did catch 
Adam's ear. He thought to himself "One HUNDRED DOLLARS! Boy this 
bedwetting problem is expensive!" He felt a flush of shame at making 
David pay so much to keep him dry, but felt a sense of being loved as 
well. At home he was usually spanked and shamed for bedwetting. 
Diapers may be embarrassing but they were better than being whipped... 
Finally, with purchase in hand, they headed first to the pharmacy 
where David bought some assorted baby powders, oils and wipes, and 
then home.



Once they got home David began preparing supper while Adam looked over 
the purchases they had made. He actually liked the feel of the thick, 
soft diapers and the smell of the plastic pants and baby powder. As 
they ate David asked the boy bluntly "Are you anxious to try them on?" 
And Adam responded without thinking "Sure!" (but then had second 
thoughts) "Well, maybe a little..." David then told him that he had 
done some reading on the subject of bedwetting and said he had found 
another exercise that might help if Adam was interested in trying it 
out. As the boy excitedly said "Yes!" he was cautioned that it might 
be a bit uncomfortable and embarrassing at first but as long as he 
relaxed it should not be bad. Adam was curious enough to agree to 
anything at this stage and after they ate and washed the dishes David 
took the boy into the bedroom and undressed him completely, the 
apprehension causing them both to become erect before the underpants 
came off the boy.



David opened a desk drawer and removed a jar of Vasoline and a pair of 
latex gloves and put them on. Then he got the baby wipes ready. He got 
on his bed and told Adam to climb up over him with his rear end 
sticking up toward David's face. Adam was a little uncomfortable with 
this but did it without complaint. David took one of the baby-scented 
wipes out and cleaned the boys bottom carefully which got a little 
giggle out of him. Then he applied lots of Vasoline to one gloved 
finger of the right hand and two fingers of the left. He told Adam 
that for this exercise he had to try his best to relax his bottom; 
otherwise it would be uncomfortable. Gently David rubbed the little 
brown ring around the child's anus and when he felt the time was right 
he slipped his finger in up to the first joint and held it there and 
asked if it hurt. The boy said "A little bit..." With coaxing for 
relaxation David was soon able to get the finger all the way inside 
the boy's rectum. Then he began sliding it in and out, in and out 
while whispering sweet nothings in Adam's ear. He kept it up a while 
and then said "How about if I combine this exercise with the one we 
did this morning?" Adam shook his head up and down in approval, and 
with the Vasoline covered fingers of his left hand David began 
masturbating the boy with sensuous vigor while continuing to massage 
his rose bud. David's lust was at a peak as he stimulated the child to 
a wild frenzy, but regained enough composure to bring it to a close 
after several minutes.



They both were exhausted and fell back on the bed. After a moments 
composure David exclaimed "I think a good bath would be appropriate 
about now, don't you? Will you join me?" Adam was slightly shocked by 
the suggestion and queried "You mean the two of us, together?" David 
shook his head affirmatively and Adam smiled his most impish grin as 
he watched his wonderful friend undress, revealing the adult erection 
and hair he had not seen before. When he was as naked as the child 
they grasped hands, walked to the bathroom and filled the tub. They 
climbed in together, Adam in David's lap. As David lathered his 
"little lovely's" body they talked about the day's events and what the 
future would bring. David washed the boy's hair, telling him that if 
they continued to work on the exercises he might be dry in "a few 
months"; Adam shivered at the thought... When Adam was clean David had 
him turn around and do the same to him. He felt so close to orgasm as 
the boy washed him, including his enraged penis, much to the child's 
animated amusement, that he had to force a pause now and then. 
Eventually they climbed out of the tub, dried each other off and 
brushed their teeth together in front of the full length mirror, both 
penises and minds in sync. 



By the time they returned to the bedroom it was almost 9PM. David 
looked at the boy and said "Well, it's time...", and started laying 
out the diapers and sundry items on his big bed as the boy watched in 
blushing anticipation. When David had everything laid out he took the 
boy's hand and helped him onto the bed, gently spreading his legs, 
admiring the staying power of his pre-teen penile prowess. First came 
the baby oil; he spread it all over the child's shivering loins, the 
coldness sending unknown shivers up Adam's spine as the initial baby 
odor ascended to his nose, filling the air and his mind as David 
lavished his genitals with the fragrant anointment. This he followed 
with some baby lotion, massaging it deeply into his loins, thighs and 
belly, tickling the youngster almost to a pissing frenzy. Finally he 
powdered the thick, 7-ply cotton diaper and guided Adam in lifting  
his bottom, then resting it squarely in place. With a sigh, David 
brought the diaper up, finally hiding the delicious boy's stiffy under 
the many absorbent layers. The plastic panties were last to come up 
Adam's legs, covering the diapers completely and securely. 



David asked "How does it feel?"  Adam replied "It feels kinda...big, 
but it's soft. I guess it feels pretty good. I hope it keeps me dry." 
David took this opportunity to ask Adam just how often he actually 
wets the bed and with reluctance the boy said "I can hardly remember 
the times I've woken up dry..."; and with this David felt suddenly 
filled with warmth. He barely whispered "With a little fun and work we 
will watch the shape of things to come." Pulling pajamas out he 
dressed the well-diapered boy, and for the next hour they watched TV 
together. Eventually David felt a little sleepy and looked over at 
Adam and saw him deep asleep, so he gently picked the boy up and put 
him in David's big bed and slipped in beside him. Before turning out 
the light he had to feel the boy's diaper - there was some moisture 
there but he couldn't tell if he was wet yet. He was still so aroused 
that he could not resist taking the pair of Adam's underpants from the 
floor and engulfing his throbbing member, masturbating to a gut-
churning orgasm as the boy slept deeply beside him. After cleaning the 
jism from his aching penis with the pants he tossed them back to the 
floor and drifted off to his own erotic sleep...



The next morning David woke first and sneaked a feel under Adam's 
diapers. They were quite soaked, but feeling under his bottom he found 
everything nice and dry. He gently woke the boy who went through the 
same motions and then smiled up at David exclaiming "Oh, David!, It 
worked, didn't it? Your bed is dry but my diaper is soaked - and it 
feels pretty comfortable even so. I wish Mommy had let me wear diapers 
all along!" The man replied "If you want, I can talk to her and see if 
she would be willing to keep you in diapers at home, too." Adam 
replied "I don't know...I'll probably get laughed at and called 
'BABY'..." "I think I can convince your mother to keep the kidding to 
a minimum. After all, most of your friends already know your a 
bedwetter, don't they?" The boy hung his head "Yea, and they tease me. 
I guess diapers can't make things much worse much, and they sure are 
more comfortable than sleeping in a cold, wet bed and getting the belt 
across my butt. Ok, will you talk to her about it?" "I will, and I'll 
even offer to pay for some more diapers for you to use at home. But 
the exercises we do here should be a private matter between us. Your 
mother might not understand. OK?" "Oh, don't worry! I know Mommy 
wouldn't want to know about those. There "personal", right?" David 
smiled and said "Yes, Adam, they are VERY personal, just between you 
and me; but if or when they start helping the problem won't Mommy be 
happy?" Adam grinned wide and said "She sure will be. Can we do some 
more this morning?" David said "No, I'll get this diaper off you and 
we can take a shower together, but then it's off to the "Y" for you 
and work for me." Standing the boy on the bed, David, with great 
languor, removed the boy's plastic panties and unpinned the soggy 
diaper, slipping it from between his tender white thighs. He tossed 
the wet thing into the hamper and they went to the bathroom and 
showered together in another erotic exchange of latherings. Then it 
was time for breakfast and off to the day's activities.



During the course of the day David took the time to phone Adam's 
mother and report that they were having a wonderful time, remarking on 
how sweet a child he was, much to her surprise. "Are we talking about 
the same kid, here. The kid that can't sit still for a minute, the kid 
that pisses in his bed every night, who fights with his friends and 
gets into all kinds of trouble?" David replied "Yes, that same boy, 
but I think I've reached him in a way that would have been difficult 
from within his normal family structure. He's really acting very well. 
And about the bedwetting: I've found that he actually would prefer to 
wear a diaper to bed than to have to deal with all those punishments, 
as long as people don't make too much fun of it. He tried them last 
night and wants to keep wearing them if it's OK with you?" The woman 
was silent for a moment, then burst into a laugh "He WANTS to wear 
diapers? All this time I was on the verge of threatening him with 
diapers but thought it would be too severe. No you tell me he WANTS to 
wear them. Well, if that's the case I'd be GLAD to diaper him as long 
as he needs it. But where do I get diapers to fit a boy his age?" 
David replied "I'll take care of the diapers if you just keep the 
necessary powder and wipes available...and remember: no teasing him. 
If you treat the problem with dignity he'll probably start acting much 
more appropriately. And in the meantime I'll do all I can to help him 
to learn to stay dry." She sighed "Oh David, your a wonderful man. How 
can I ever thank you enough..." "Letting me help your son is all the 
thanks that are necessary. Well, we'll be seeing you in a couple days, 
and I'll have the diapers and plastic pants for him then. You keep him 
diapered during the week and I'll work with him on learning to stay 
dry on the weekends. See you soon."



He sat back in his chair thinking up more "exercises" to try tonight. 
It wasn't hard...as he gently stroked his cock under his desk, his 
mind lost in fantasy...



After David picked Adam up from the "Y" he took him to for a surprise 
trip to a nearby amusement park and treated him to lots of exciting 
rides, food and great fun. As it started to get dark they wrapped the 
day up and headed home. Adam was tired but very contented, feeling the 
generous warm glow of David's loving kindness. He had never known 
anyone as nice as David and hoped he'd never loose him as a friend.



When they arrived home it was nearly bedtime. They both went to the 
bedroom and undressed as Adam asked excitedly "What exercises will we 
do tonight?" When they were both naked David said "Let's take a bath 
and I'll tell you about what I have planned." As they enjoyed the 
pleasures of mutual bathing David said "Well, our first exercise 
involved strengthening your penis by stroking it, and you liked that 
one, didn't you?" "I sure did!" "And then we used a gentle rectal 
massage to activate those internal glands, which was a little 
uncomfortable probably, but once you relaxed it seemed to be ok, 
right?" "Yea, it was pretty neat once I got used to it." "And then we 
combined that with the penis exercise which seemed to go pretty well." 
"I liked that the BEST! It was really GREAT! So what's next?" he 
chirped excitedly. "Well, let's finish our bath and get ready for bed 
and I'll show you how we can combine all those with another one I 
really think you'll like" he said as he slid his soapy hands all over 
the child's trembling, excited body, making sure that little penis was 
as hard as it could be (as well as his own, which Adam fully enjoyed 
washing as well). Soon they were dried off and back on the bed 
together. David got out one latex glove and the Vasoline and set up a 
lot of pillows at the head of the bed and lay back on them. He had 
Adam straddle his chest. As he inserted his finger into the boy's 
rectum, gently relaxing him, he told him that he had read about a 
special machine to help bedwetters that involved placing a rubber tube 
over the penis that created a variable suction effect. He said the 
drawbacks were that the machine had to be used several times a day, 
had to be monitored by someone else to prevent injury an cost about 
$500. Adam said "Eecks! I don't like that idea at all!". David replied 
"Well, if you'll let me, I think I can produce the same effect myself, 
along with the stroking and massaging exercises, all in one. Are you 
willing to give it try?" Adam grinned and said "Sure! Do it" David 
cautioned "Now if this hurts or makes you feel bad stop me, OK?" "OK!"



David brought Adam up so his penis was now in front of his mouth. 
Continuing the anal massage he said almost in a whisper "Here goes..." 
and with that he engulfed the virgin erection into his mouth and began 
gently sucking on it with a stroking action applied by the light touch 
of his teeth. Adam let out a soft groan and David withdrew, asking 
"Does that hurt? I'll stop if you don't like it." Adam cried "NO! It 
feels wonderful! Do it! Do it!" It was David's clue to go for it and 
soon they were engaged in heavy erotic throws of ecstasy, rocking back 
and forth on the bed, moaning and groaning in glorious excitation. And 
eventually David felt those jerks and twinges in the child's body that 
told him the boy had had another orgasm and sighed only in that there 
was no love juice for him to drink - that would take another year or 
two. Then David took the boy off him and they lay beside each other on 
the bed and he asked the child if he thought the exercise was worth 
trying and if he would like to repeat it again tomorrow. Exhausted, 
Adam moaned "That was the best exercise in the WHOLE WORLD! I wish we 
could do that one every day!" David cautioned him that he had to 
remember these were exercises that only the two of them could do - he 
wasn't to talk about them or try them with anyone else, and the boy 
said he understood. In Adam's afterglow, David lay beside him, his 
left arm around the boys shoulders, his right hand gently stroking his 
aching penis. Soon Adam noticed this and said "I wish you were a 
bedwetter, too, so I could give you the same kind of exercises you 
give me. You can't imagine how good they feel!" Ahhh, David felt a 
shiver up his spine and replied "well...we could always PRETEND I 
still wet me bed, if you really want to..." Adam jumped up on his 
knees and said "OK, let's pretend. Which one should I do?" David said 
"Why don't you do the one with the mouth. But you should know that 
because I'm a grownup there will be some white stuff that will come 
out of my penis. It's nothing to be afraid of. In fact it's all 
protein and is really good for you, so don't be afraid about 
swallowing it." Adam said "OK. Let's go." He lowered his mouth the 
man's considerably larger penis (although it was no "Dillinger" by any 
means) and did his best to take it into his mouth. It felt a lot 
bigger in there than he had expected but he persevered and was soon 
giving David an excellent felatio. It did not take long for the boy to 
bring the man to the point of ejaculation and when it did occur David 
used every muscle in his body to shoot a tremendous load into the 
little boy's mouth and all over his face and chest, catching the 
youngster by surprise. But he quickly began licking it up and 
swallowing the nourishing protein as he squeezed every last drop from 
David's loins.



After a brief pause Adam looked up and asked meekly "Did I do it 
right?" David pulled him close to him and kissed his wet face several 
times assuring him he was a fine "exerciser" in every way. Then with a 
baby wipe he cleaned the remaining semen off both their bodies and had 
Adam get into diapering position, which he gladly did. When at last 
the plastic panties were in place the were both ready for sleep and 
the light went out.



The next day was Sunday, their last day together for this week. It was 
rainy and after getting Adam's once again soaking wet diaper off him 
and properly bathed, they spent the day mostly playing with David's 
computer. Adam watched as David drew several pictures of the boy. Then 
he showed him some other pictures that excited the boy even more. As 
the time approached for David to return the boy home to his mother 
Adam asked if they could have one more exercise period. David could 
not resist and this time they gave each other the same exercise they 
had done the night before, simultaneously. It was the most rewarding 
experience of all. 



As Adam packed up his clothes and new set of diapers and plastic 
panties he felt he just couldn't wait until next weekend, nor could 
David. When David dropped him off at his house he showed his mother 
his diapers and then told Adam to be a good boy and he would be by to 
pick him up on Friday. With a hug and a kiss David left the boy with 
his mother who was to soon notice a great change for the better in her 
son's behaviour as well as a certain sense of entertainment in 
diapering him at night. David left knowing this had been the start of 
a great relationship...and it had only just begun...
