                              Big Dave

    I first met Dave at Johnsons hardware on 18th street last August.
    It was a Sunday, and I had run to the store to pick up some
    L-brackets that I needed to put up some shelving.  My roomate and I
    were remodeling the place and he decided he wanted to take a break
    and run to the park with his current lover. I decided to stay and
    work.

    Anyway, I was getting the last of my things when Dave bounced into
    the store.  This guy was big.  He stood about 6'5" was about 300
    pounds, which he carried mostly in his chest, and wore a clean
    t-shirt and faded Levis.  He was bearded, but it was cut short.  He
    was partially bald right on top, and he had silver blond hair that
    came to the tops of his ears.  His beard was the same color.

    Most of all the guys watched as his hulking figure walked through
    the store, and as he stood in the aisle I couldn't help staring
    either.  He seemed to be having a problem looking for some paint and
    he kept walking back and forth, trying to find what he needed.  He
    noticed I was nearby and started to ask me a question.  "Hey,
    fella." He stood up and his chest stuck out as he straightened.  I
    could see billows of chest fur underneath the shirt.  "Do you know
    anything about paint?"

    I walked over towards him trying not to stare and got close enough
    to smell him.  He was clean, and yet, he had the smell of sweat on
    him.  The heat from his body was evident.  I bent down towards the
    bottom rows of paint and pulled out a color chart.  "This oughta
    help you guy." I smiled and he grinned, exposing a set of clean
    white teeth.  "Actually, my wife was looking for something called
    Stucko." He dropped his hands in frustration.  "I don't know what
    the fuck she means."

    "Well I know what Stucko is, but," I looked around the shelves and
    surrounding areas but could not see any.  "...I don't see any." I
    added, "I have it all over my house, it's kind of like a rough
    gritty kind of paint."

    "Well are you sure they dont have it?" He pleaded.  I looked around
    some more and then proceeded to ask the cashier, who verified the
    store was out.

    "It looks like you may have to go to the True Value across state
    line to get some." He shook his head.  "No, that wont help, I don't
    have a charge account with them, and I am short on cash this week.
    I can't spend a dime."

    I thought about his problem and remembered I had some left from when
    Jeff and I did the outside panels.  I certainly wouldn't mind
    sharing with this big handsome guy.  "Well if you don't need a lot,
    I think I have some left over, from when I used on the house.  You
    are more than welcome to it."

    He smiled and put out a furry hand which engulfed mine.  "Gee thanks
    man! This would really help!" He laughed heartily and followed me
    outside to my car.  "I don't live too far away, why don't you just
    follow me out there OK?" He replied, "Sure enough, lead the way
    little buddy."

    I drove slow enough for him to follow but he was driving a sooped up
    GTO that could have run over my VW.  I watched him in his car as he
    drove and I noticed that he was shifting a lot as if he was
    uncomfortable.  I could also see that he was too big for the seat!

    As we came to the house, I motioned for him to go ahead and pull up
    the drive because the Stucko we had was in 5 gallon containers and
    had to be loaded up in the back of his car.  I then motioned for him
    to come in.

    He had to bend his head to get in the door and you could feel the
    floor vibrate as he walked through the house.  I was busy checking
    which room we had the Stucko in and couldn't find it anywhere
    downstairs.  I got up the steps and heard some noise from Jeffs
    bedroom.  I knocked, "Hey Jeff are you in there?" He came to the
    door and I could see his lover in bed.  "Oh I'm sorry, I just wanted
    to see if it was you." He replied, "No problem." I answered," I've
    got this guy here and I am going to let him borrow the extra Stucko
    we've got, so try to keep things down." "No problem, we were just
    finishing up." He smiled.  "By the way, the Stucko is in your room."
    "Thanks" I replied, and closed the door.

    As I walked to my room, I could hear Dave walking up the steps.  I
    went to my room and got the Stucko, and when I came out Dave was
    closing the door to Jeffs room and I could hear him say "Sorry Guys
    wrong room."

    I stopped, for fear of what Dave was going to think and he walked
    over to me with a sheapish grin on his face.  "I think I scared your
    friends by peaking in on them like that." He lowered his head.

    I quickly replied, "Well, I guess you want to get out of here with
    this stuff."

    He looked up at me and flashed his blue eyes at me and grinned.
    "Well actually I would like to try a little of what they were doing
    in there!"

    With that, he slowly reached over to my crotch and started massaging
    it. My legs suddenly got week.  My cock started to grow, and
    although it's not too big, it is pretty thick.  He immediately
    noticed.  "Feels like your getting hot!" With that he bent down and
    stuck his tongue in my mouth.  The sweet/salty taste of beer hit my
    mouth and I sucked it deep in my mouth. "MMMMMMMMMMM," He moaned and
    I felt his hot breath on my cheak from his nostrils.  As I sucked
    his tongue I reached down to feel his growing member. It was huge
    and thick, sticking through his jeans like an engorged vien.

    I led him into my beadroom and we both stripped, him revealing a
    bushy mound of hair all over his chest and particularly on his
    belly.  I am hairy but this guy was a monster.  When it came for us
    to take off our pants, I nearly fell over when I saw the engorged
    penis that vibrated through his BVDs. When he took them off, his
    huge 8 inch cock, flipped out of his underwear and immediately got
    rock hard.  What made it monstrous was the fact that it was as thick
    as a baseball bat.

    He came over to me, and got on his knees, his face in front of my
    belly and started kissing the fuzzy round of my stomach.  A chill
    went through me, I guess because I have always been ticklish there,
    and I shivered.  He giggled and then slowly brought my underwear
    down, to reveal my growing cock.  He held it in his hand and licked
    at the sweaty tip.  It was already oozing pre-cum and he licked it
    up and swallowed.  He gathered up my balls in one hand and brought
    his tongue underneath and started licking the sweat which had
    gathered underneath. My head was buzzing at this point and I felt as
    if I was going to pass out.  Then he started sucking on the head,
    making sucking sounds as he did this, and then he slowly eased it
    into his throat.  I could tell he was an amature, but he had always
    known what he wanted.

    After getting head from him for about 5 minutes, I was almost to the
    brink.  I held back though and motioned for him to lay on the bed.
    He plopped down quickly and put one knee up.  The other leg lay long
    against the side of the matress and his big foot dangled over the
    end of the bed.  I dove in between his legs and started licking on
    his huge balls.  They were about the size of golf balls, and very
    heavy.  I watched his expressions as I did this and he was laying
    with his eyes on me, working on his scrotum.  His big cock bobbed
    above me, it was already leaking juice which I was starting to get
    hungry for.  I reached up and started to stroke his big cock, he
    moaned with approval and slowly rocked his hips with my hand.  I was
    already humping the bed sheets getting pleasure from the friction.

    I bent his cock down just enough to get the tip in my mouth, and as
    I pulled it down, he yelled in pleasure and a shiver went through
    him.  A glob of man-juice came to the head and I quickly lapped it
    up.  He moaned.

    Having a hold of his cock I started sucking on the head.  I had it
    pulled down to my level, which looked rather uncomfortable for him,
    but he girated his hips wanting more.  I have found that sometimes
    pulling the cock down through the legs can be pleasurable, as well
    as pulling it up.  At this point he was breathing harder and I was
    fucking the sheets with my cock up against them.  I took the
    throbbing tip of his dick in my mouth and sucked loudly.  I could
    feel his prostate pulse with every suck. I was also stroking the
    shaft of his dick with my right hand.

    At this point I was getting his cock further and further into my
    throat, taking it faster and faster.  He was violently girating his
    ass, making short grunting noises with each suck.  As I started to
    take his cock all the way, I pulled further and further down between
    his legs, the point where I could no longer see his face over his
    belly, and getting nose level with his musky shit hole.  Then I
    could feel his dick throb and he stopped.  I took his cock all the
    way down my throat and brought it down as far as I could.  He
    gasped, and kept from screaming. I could feel the cum start to roll
    up to his dick, so I stopped the vien with my thumb.  Then I sat up
    and buried his upright cock, down my throat.  He screamed loudly and
    girated.  The whole bed shook as his cock started pumping hot loads
    of cum down my throat.  I gagged on it, because I didn't realize it
    was so thick, and it rolled out of my mouth onto his shaft and
    balls.  It was as white as snow and as thick as pudding.  He kept sc
    reaming and his cock pumped more and more cum, which by now was
    spilling all over me and him.  I reached down to grab my own cock,
    and in one stroke, spewed out a hot load of semen, which sprayed him
    on the chest and face.

    He vibrated a few more times, releasing the last of his sperm, which
    dribbled out and slid down his softening cock.  I was paralized on
    my knees, hovering just above him, my cock still dripping from the
    orgasm, onto the sheets below.  Then after a short while, I
    collapsed on top of him.

    "Wow that was great." He said later on as we kissed.  I looked at
    his face, sweat covered and furry, and licked up some of the cum I
    had hit him with a minute ago.  "I guess we made a mess didn't we!"
    We both laughed and slowly got out of bed.

    Later on as we got dressed and loaded the Stucko out to his car, he
    gave me a kiss on the cheek and thanked me for bieng so helpfull.
    He took my number down and promised to call me, later in the week,
    because he was going to have some free time.  We kissed one last
    time and he left.

    Dave and I had a lot of fun together the next few years, getting
    each other wet with cum.  Unfortunately his wife caught on
    eventually to what was happening and he had to cool it for a while.
    But even though we lost touch along the way, I still have to stop by
    that hardware store, in hopes that there is another weary bear in
    need of assistance.

The End 
