Archive-name: Amazon/bigboss.txt
Archive-author: Warren J. Vehec
Archive-title: Big Boss Lady, The


    "You're hired, " was the words I'd been hoping for.  I spent 
weeks after weeks, trying to find a job as a sale manager. I've got a 
degree in sales, but because of no experience, almost all of the 
companies wouldn't hire me. Except for one firm owned by Ms. 
Suzan Sager.  From what I understand, she sells any kind of sex 
equipment she can get her hands on.  From condoms to the torture 
racks, even the computer generated mind sex that just barely came 
out.
    I couldn't tell much about Ms. Sager, because she was 
sitting behind a large desk.  She's a beautiful honey brown hair 
woman, who's in her early forties.  Her black leather business 
jacket that she was wearing, jutted almost straight out and then 
tightly straight down to her narrow waist.  It hinted that she's a 
very large busted lady.  Through out during the interview, she was 
very serious about her business.  She likes to smile a lot as she 
talks.
    Her huge office was luxuriously decorated with expensive 
items.  At one wall, she had a large painted portrait of herself in a 
ivory frame.  Below the picture, was a long glass showcase. Inside 
the glass was various antique unaccustomed torture devices she 
had imported from different countries.  Next to it was a full wet 
bar.
    On the opposite wall, was a TV set embedded into the wall 
with a complete stereo equipment.  About two feet away was a full 
bathroom with a walk-in closet.  The closet has a full set of clothes 
for different occasion.
    At the same wall, there was another room off set to the 
side. In the room, there was a large spa sunken into the floor, 
surrounded by live tropical plants.  I could also see a hologram 
projector, which only the filthy rich people could afford.
    Further back into the room, behind the glass doors was a 
sun room.  It was filled with all kinds of exercise provisions. It had 
everything from dumbbell to a treadmill.  Most of the weight were 
free-weights, almost no machines.  At one side of the suite, there 
was also a double metallic sliding doors, which I had no idea 
what's it for.
    There was a window, which overlooks her warehouse and 
the city, behind her desk.  She also has close circuit TV under the 
window which probably covered every room in this building.
    There is a double wooden doors that opens electronically 
behind me, which leads out of her office.  Ms. Sager's office is 
upon the seventh floor.
    The honey brown hair lady asked a series of question about 
my personal life.  I answered her that I was single and had no 
dependents. I have no girlfriend and lead a pretty quite life.
    She told me if I wanted the job, I would have to move onto 
her property for security reason.  She assured me, that there would 
be no rent to paid, but she has some very strict rules that I would 
have to go by.  She handed me a sheet of paper for me to read her 
rules.  And handed me another stack of paper which contained the 
regulation of her business.
     The rules were pretty much the same as a hotel.  I wasn't 
surprise when I came across a rule that contained 'No Intercourse 
Allowed Within the Building', but it pissed me off. There were 
other rules I never heard of before.  I wasn't allowed to leave the 
grounds for anything.  If there was something I wanted, I would 
have to apply for the item.
     Most of the rules rubbed me in the wrong way, but I 
wanted the job very badly.  So, I accepted the job and the ground 
rules. Ms. Sager beamed at me as I signed the papers in agreement 
that I will followed the regulation to the letter.
     "Don't worry about your clothes and things.  My secretary 
will arrange them to be brought here, " my boss said as she handed 
me a electronic pass card.  She also told me that her secretary will 
give me the tour of the building and my room. The card was my 
only key that I will have, so I was not to lose it.
     As if it were a cue, I heard the door behind me opened and 
closed.  I turned around and my jaw dropped.  There stood the 
most sexist female I ever seen in my life.
     She was a brunette who stood about 5'5" tall.  Her long legs 
were encase in black fishnet stockings with black thigh boots. She 
also wore a black leather swimsuit that had long sleeves with 
zipper from the wrist to the elbow.  And there was one long zipper 
up the center of her suit.
     The leather stretched tight across her hips and tummy, but 
it stretched even tighter at her huge bust.  The zipper almost 
gouged into her skin as it was half way up the suit.  I could see her 
pink halo peeking over the edge of her suit.  In short her suit left 
nothing to the imagination.
     Her face was just as beautiful as the rest of her figure. Her 
long brunette fell over her shoulders in waves.  Her green eyes 
were in despaired as I looked into them.
     "Melissa, what is the meaning of this ?", demanded Ms. 
Sager. "I'm sorry Ms. Sager, I didn't know you had company. The 
art department was behind schedule, so they asked me to be their 
model. They gave me the only suit they had, which is one size too 
small. I thought you could help me closing this thing around my 
chest", said the busty brunette.
     The honey brown hair lady turned to me and asked, "Tony, 
can you help her out please?"  I got up without a word to help a 
damsel in distress.  After struggling with it, I finally close the 
zipper.
     The color left Melissa's cheeks as she thanked me.  I could-
n't help eyeballing her huge breast that was being crushed by her 
leather suit.  The top of her suit was jammed with tit flesh. I had to 
refrain myself from touching her.
     Before she left, Ms. Sager asked her to return as soon as 
possible when the art department was done with her.  Suzan 
handed me a stack of papers for me to fill out.  It was the W-2 
forms and I.D. paperwork. 
     About an hour later, Melissa had returned just as I finished 
the papers.  The secretary was instructed to give me a tour of  the 
company and shown to my room.  To my surprise, the secretary 
had changed her clothes to a plain looking dress which showed no 
sex appeal, but she still wore her high heel boots.
     I followed the busty woman out the door.  We talked while 
she showed me the layout of the company.  She showed me how to 
use the electronic card in order to access something that might be 
otherwise off limit to the other personnel.
     The building was larger than I thought it was.  It had a 
gym and a swimming pool at one section of the building. There 
was also a complete library of books, video, and music tape, but 
any kind of pornography and sex stuff was to be bought with your 
own money and kept to yourself.  The mind sex computer was 
available, but you needed Ms. Suzan Sager's permission.
     The tour ended at my room.  I was sorry to see Melissa go.  
I had a raging hard on despite the plain dress she wore. I was not 
only turned on by her physical appearance, but also by her 
personality. Unfortunately, I wasn't allow to invite her in for a 
night cap.  I could have sworn, even Melissa wanted me too.
     After that, days few by like a wind.  I rarely see her.  Even 
if I do see her, we could only wave at each other at a distance.
     Until one day, I received an angry call from Ms. Sager, 
ordering me to her office.  I quickly strode over to her floor. Her 
secretary was sitting at her desk.
     "Hi Melissa, what's going on?", I asked her while eying the 
deep cleavage at her blouse.  "Nope, all I know is, that I transfer 
one of her client's call to her.  Then I heard her yell your name, 
Tony. She must be really mad at you if she call you in personally," 
she said with a worry look on her face.  "Well then, I better get in 
if she's mad, " I said heading for the double set of wooden doors to 
her office.
     The doors were locked when I tried the door knob.  I turn 
my head towards the brunette and asked, "Is she in?"  She nodded 
her head 'yes' and pointed her finger towards the metal sliding 
doors off to the sides.
     I moved toward the doors.  There was no buttons or knob 
to let me inside.  I took a step forward, all of the sudden the door 
splinted in half with a swoosh and I was sucked inside the dark-
room.  The light behind me was cut off as it sucked me in.
     My body was hurling through the air, even though it felt 
more like I was falling down in a hole.  There was a strange strobe 
light flashing intensive heat on my body as I flew through the air. I 
screamed as a wall came rushing at me at full speed. But suddenly, 
I stopped about a foot from the wall, instead of being splattered 
against it, the air current pushed into a new direction.
     The tunnel spitted me out into another room as fast as it 
sucked me in.  I rolled onto the floor in a tumble heap.  My head 
spinning as I tried to focus my vision on my immediate surround-
ings.  The light was blinding my eyes as I squinted.
     There was a massive moving blurred object that was twice 
my height.  Slowly after each blink, my vision began to sharpen in 
details.  I rubbed my eyes to clear any foreign object that might be 
hampering my perception view.
     To my shock, the massive blurred object was my lady boss.  
She was bigger than life itself.  I barely came up to her crotch.  
She wore a pair of bicycle pants which shows off her shapely 
buttocks and her massive pythons thighs and a half shirt that 
displayed her muscular abdomens and a little bit of the underside 
of her huge breast. Her well develop biceps were also exposed 
with veins crisscrossing like road maps down to her wrist.  
Perspiration ran down the side of her face and chest from a heavy 
workout. Exercise equipment laid on the floor in a line behind the 
honey brown hair giantess.
     I stood up shaking my head and rubbing my eyes to make 
sure that I wasn't hallucinating.  I looked up again and things were 
still the same.  I stared in disbelief.
     The giant woman was doing arm curls with dumbbells 
marked 75 pounds each.  Her arms exploded with veins popping 
out as she alternating raised and lowered the weights.  Her breath 
rasping for air, she growled while slowing down to her last 
repetition and then dropped the weights which made a loud clang.
     Ms. Sager glanced at me for the first time since I enter the 
room.  She glared at me like she wanted to kill me on the spot.  I 
wanted to hide from this giant woman.
     "Today, we lost a very valuable client, because of you, " 
her voice thundered loudly as if they came out of a 1500 watt 
speakers. I wanted to cover my ears, but I was afraid I would get 
beaten for ignoring her.
     She went to one of the exercise bench and picked up a 
folder from it.  She tossed it to the floor in front of me.  The file 
was as large as a newspaper as I opened it.
     The giantess started doing warm up stretches while I read 
through the reports.  The client had an outstanding record which 
dated back when Ms. Sager first open her business. She sold every 
type of product that she had in stock to the client. It made me 
realize, without the client, there would be no steady cash flow to 
the company.  I probably cost Ms. Sager a lot of money on the 
equipment she had in stock for the client.
     "Well, what do you have to say for yourself, Little Man?" 
she roared at me.  I started to launch my side of the story, but she 
cut me of saying that she had a tape of our conversation with the 
client.  She understood what had happen, but it was no excuse to 
mess up the transaction.
     While she continued to stretch her muscular body out, she 
ordered me to move the weights that she was exercising with 
earlier to the far side of the wall.  Without thinking, I jumped to 
the task.  The bar was so thick that it took both of my hands to 
circle it. As I tried to pick it up, the dumbbell refused to move.  I 
put more force into it, again it didn't move.
     Suddenly, I felt something lifting me by the belt.  My feet 
were dangling in the air and I heard her say, "Pathetic little wimp, 
can't even pick up lousy 75 pounds without help."  The giant 
honey brown hair woman lifted me higher and higher off the 
ground and then she lowered me towards it.  She was lifting me as 
if I were the dumbbell she was exercising with earlier.  I squirmed 
trying to make her put me down while she did a few more 
repetition before dropping me to the floor.  I landed face down 
into the carpet.
     "I want to do a little test before I start my next  exercise," 
she said as she picked me up by my waist.  The woman placed me 
on a workout bench.  Curiosity perked in my mind while she lifted 
the 75 pound dumbbell.  She stood in front of me and said, "I want 
you to stop me from lifting this heavy weight. I don't care if you 
use your weight to stop me from lifting this bar."
     Sounds easy enough I thought to myself, as I placed both 
of my hands against her enormous wrist.  I nodded to her that I 
was ready. Her long forearm and biceps swelled out into massive 
portion.  I set my back into it as I painfully tried to walk into her. I 
closed my eyes to concentrate on stopping her. Her arm started to 
lift inch by inch which pushed me back a little. Again, I doubled 
my efforts.  I opened my eyes to look at her face, to see if she was 
straining.  To my astonishment, she was smiling down at me.
     Without a warning, her arm exploded with veins popping 
out all over her arms like road maps.  At the same time, her hand 
shot up into my stomach, and lifted me and the weights up.  I let 
out a yelp.  I tried to maintain my balance, but I tumble over her 
hand on to the floor again.  I crashed on to floor on my back.
     I looked up to see the giantess shaking her head at me, "I 
can't believe you can't even stop me.  Not only you are weak, 
you're fuckin' light weight little ass."  She moved both of the 
dumbbell to the rack.
     She continue to taunt me, "I could probably crush you be-
tween my boobs without much pressure."  The busty woman thrust 
her chest out proudly.  When she did that one of her nipples 
popped out from under her quarter shirt.  Even with just one of her 
boobs was bigger than my chest.  I shuddered at the thought of 
being caught in her embrace.  She could crush me into a pulp with 
those muscles of hers.
     Ms. Sager pulled out a flat rectangular object, what appear 
to be a remote control for the television set.  She punched a series 
of buttons until I heard a electronic whir over my head.  I looked 
up in time to see a door open with a quiet hiss.  A red bag attached 
to chains came down through the ceiling.  The bag was a cylinder 
shape with words 'Everlastic' printed across it. It was a body 
punching bag.
     "Hold the bag, while I go a few rounds with it," she com-
manded me.  The bottom of the bag reached my waist, but it was 
twice my height.  Gripping the bag the best I could, I set my 
weight against it.  I found out it was a mistake.  Every time she 
jabbed it, I thought my teeth were going to be knocked out by her 
light punches.
     The giantess talked while she sparred with the bag.  She 
assured me that she would give me a chance to make up for the 
lost customer and restore me to normal size when I completed the 
task in limited time.  She gave me three weeks to sell all of the 
products that were allocated for the customer, otherwise I would 
remain as I am until I found another way to please her.
     Her punches became stronger after each blow and she even 
started to kick it as well.  I was losing my footing each time she 
violently punched or kicked the bag.  I slowly peeked around the 
edge, hoping I could brace myself for her next blow. 
     The punches stopped as I looked around.  Ms. Sager was 
totally drenched in sweat.  Her quarter shirt and her bicycle pants 
were soaked as if somebody dumped a bucket of water on to it.  
Her shirt became transparent I could see both of her nipples.  I 
could also see the sweat dripping off her massive mammeries.
     I failed to notice her eyes.  There was a look of determina-
tion as she gather all of her ki or strength of force into one blow. 
Suddenly everything went into slow motion as my heartbeat 
thumped in my ears.  I knew the honey brown hair giantess moved 
quickly as she took two side steps and put all of her weight into 
her kick. Instead of kicking the side of the bag, she kicked straight 
into it.
     The red punching bag exploded in half.  The stuffing flew 
everywhere as I flew backwards still holding the bottom half. It 
must have been at least five feet from where I was standing to 
where I laid on the concrete.  Another two more feet, I would have 
been in the spa. The landing knocked the air form my lungs.
     It was a good thing I was on the side instead of behind it, 
otherwise the bottom bag would have crushed me. I heard the 
giantess grumbled, "Damn, there goes another one."  With that she 
left the room, leaving me laying under the heavy bag.  I managed 
to pull my arm from under the damaged bag.  My shoulder stung 
like hell, but other than I wasn't hurt all that much, just a lot of 
bruises.
     Ms. Sager looked down at me and said, "You better get 
back to work and don't forget to pick up a copy of the inventory 
from Melissa."  Without another word, she left to take her shower.
     I brushed the stuffing from my clothes as I stalked angrily 
out of the office.  The day had already turned sour on me.  Out of 
sheer politeness, I closed the door quietly rather than slamming it.
     "Are you all right, Tony," asked a ladylike voice behind 
me. Melissa's big brown eyes were leveled with mine, when I 
turned around. She was on her knees, brushing the stuffing out of 
my hair.
     I stared at Melissa's huge tits bulging out of her low cut 
blouse. I wanted to sink my face into them and cry, but that would 
appeared to unmanly of me.  So, instead, I told her what happened.
     The busty lady listened to every word I said, then she 
gently checked my arm and chest.  To my surprised, there were 
black and blue bruises on my chest and arms already.  I flinched 
when she touched the bruises.
     She said, "You poor little man." and pulled my head down 
into her cleavage.  Her musky fragrance wafted into my nose. I 
tried to breathe, but she was cutting my supply of oxygen off. I 
really didn't want to leave her soft downy breast.
     She clamped my head tightly to her bosoms. The secretary 
ignored my squirming and my muffled pleading. It seemed like 
hours went by, until Melissa released me.
     The room was spinning as I tried to regain my composure, 
but I fell backwards onto my ass.  The giant brunette giggled as 
she stood up.  "Goodness, I'd better get back to work," she said. I 
waited on the floor while my head began to clear. 
     I stared at Melissa's shapely ass and thighs that were 
encased in blue jeans. She also wore a pair of black leather high 
heels boots that made her looked sexy.  I wanted to run my hands 
up and down her legs to see how they feel.
     I stood back up as soon as my head felt cleared enough to 
do so. Her large posterior loomed just above my head as she 
moved away. "Ms. Sager said that I was suppose to get a copy of 
the inventory from you, so that I could find out what I need to 
sell," I asked as I walked towards her.  She answered that she was 
looking for it.
     I stood in the center of her working area.  She moved from 
one file cabinet to another and then to the counter where another 
computer was at.  Then suddenly, she turned and walked right into 
me.  I quickly, had this impression of a truck bearing down on me 
as her massive thighs knocked me down.  I fell tumbling away 
from her.  She broke out laughing at my misfortune.
     With one hand, she grabbed by my arm and pulled me up 
as if I were a doll.  "Looks like I better give you something to do 
to keep you out of my way before you get kicked out of my 
office," she said smiling.  Melissa gave me the task of getting her 
some paper clips for the papers I need.
     I stood on my toes to see if I could reach her tray full of 
paper clips. I couldn't even see over the top of her desk much less 
than reaching her tray.  I looked at her chair next to me. The chair 
was high enough to assist me on what I need to do.
     I struggled to climb onto the swivel chair as quickly as I 
could.  The chair spun around as I tried to climb into her seat. I 
was getting dizzy from spinning around in circles.  Soon as it stop 
spinning as I grabbed the desk and reached for the single item that 
she could've gotten it without any efforts.
     I pushed the swivel chair around so I could face the giant 
brunette. I sat down into the plush of the seat and leaned into the 
back support.
     Melissa was already looking at me as I spun the chair 
around to her.  She had her hand covering her mouth as if to 
refrain from laughing out loud.  She said," I didn't want to disturb 
you from your conquest, but some of the papers you need already 
had paper clips." "Damn!" I exclaimed, tossing the object over my 
shoulder hoping it would land on the table.
     "Hey! Don't do that!," the busty giantess said, taking three 
steps towards me.  Her shapely legs straddled the chair and prac-
tically plummeted her ponderous weight onto my legs.  Her weight 
was crushing the life out of my legs as I screamed.  She felt like 
she weigh at least five thousand pounds of flesh and bones. Her 
stomach smothered me as she reached to replaced the paper clips 
back into their proper place.  Try as I might, I couldn't budge her.  
She squealed with delight when I punched her tits.
     The secretary leaned back to look down at me and scolded, 
"You, naughty little man, you should never touch me there. I'll 
have to punish you." She stood up slightly and grabbed my head 
with one giant hand and smashed my face into her heavy milkers. 
Both of her arms encircled my head against her monstrous 
mammeries. My air was immediately cut off.  No amount of my 
strength will ever get me free.  Blackness was slowly settling over 
me within a matter of seconds. 
     The brunette released me from her crushing hug.  My eyes 
were fluttering as I tried to open them.  Suddenly, my face was 
being pummel by two large breasts.  I felt something trickled from 
my nose as she continues to slammed her boobs into my face.
     Almost a full minute later, she released me from her bea-
ting. I found blood on my fingers when I checked my nose. The 
giant Melissa took no notice of it.  "C'mon we have to go to the 
file room to get the rest of your file," she said.  I nodded my head 
that I would go with her.  I pinched my nose, hopefully to stop the 
bleeding.
     Without another word, she got up and headed towards 
down the hall where the file room was.  Her click-banging of her 
high heel boots faded as I got down from the giant chair.  I crashed 
to the floor, trying to get the life back into my dead legs.  I quickly 
hobbled after her the best I could.
     The giant and giantess all stare at me as I ran down the 
aisle. I could hear whispering as I passed by them. I turned around 
as I walked to find enormous people staring at me in wide eye 
amazement and astonishment.  I wanted to avoid the crowds' 
stares, but there was no chance of that now.
     Just as I turned around, without a warning, something dark 
and huge came out of a doorway and broadside me.  As I was 
flying through the air, I tried to go into a roll.  No such luck, I 
crashed into a heap.  My body was in pain and it wasn't meant to 
take so much beating already today.
     A female voice speaking Spanish asked me if I was OK.  I 
only understood some of the Spanish, but I understood enough of 
it. A huge finger prodded me in the ribs as she rolled me on to my 
back. I groaned as I looked up. I recognized the huge female face.  
Her name was Ruby.  I spoke half in Spanish and the other half in 
English knowing that she only spoke Spanish.
     She gasped when she saw my face.  My nose was bleeding 
again. I pinched it.  The giant Spanish woman asked what happen 
to me.  I told her that I would explain later.  With one hand, Ruby 
pulled me by my shoulder and started to dust me off. I wanted to 
take off and catch up with Melissa, but she held me firmly. Boldly, 
she asked me if I would like to go out with her after work.
     She shorter than most of the women who worked here, but 
even then she was still taller than me.  I only came up to Ruby's 
large breast.  I told her I wasn't allowed to leave the company 
premises. The giant woman put on the puppy dog look on her face, 
and said that she was sorry.  She made some comments about how 
she could have some fun with me.  The tall woman always wanted 
to go out with someone who is shorter than she is.  I shudder at the 
thought. There was a rumor that this woman likes to 'rough up' her 
lovers before going to bed with them.
     Ruby wasn't ugly, in fact she was kind of pretty in a way. 
The Spanish woman always dresses to her advantage.  She wore 
low cut dresses and always tight fitting clothes.  There wasn't a day 
that went by she didn't wear high heel shoes.  Unlike most woman, 
Ruby's shirt were cut lower than most woman would could care to 
go.  In fact, they were on the border of being scandalous.
     She continued to brush me down from the backside, while 
she was there, she took to opportunity to feel my ass.  Her huge 
body was press up close to me, giving me the same chance. Her 
huge breast rubbed along the side of my arms.  Then, she switched 
to my front, also taking the opportunity to rub her long finger 
along my shaft.  I couldn't help getting excited as she perpetuated 
brushing me down.  Ruby made a comment about me being too 
small for her that she might have to toss me back into the water. I 
told her that I might be small, but I just might be too much for her 
to handle. The Spanish woman chuckled and patted my ass before 
letting me go.
     "I see you finally caught up with me.  Did you get lost?" 
demanded the giant secretary with her foot tapping the carpet. I 
responded, "I got knocked down by Ruby."  Without a word, she 
grabbed me by the ear and pulled me inside the storage room. 
"Let's get to work," she said hungrily.  I didn't know what she 
meant by that comment.
     The storage room was little bit better than a closet. There 
was one rows of file cabinets on each side of the doorway. There is 
a table at the end of the aisle. 
     The light lit up the room brightly as she pulled me to the 
table.  Almost without any effort on her part she lifted me on to 
the high table.  Even with me sitting on the table, she was still a 
head taller than I.  I felt helpless.
     By my hair, her enormous hand yanked it back and as her 
large lips covered mine.  Melissa kissed me passionately as her 
other free hand roamed over my smaller body.  I couldn't resists 
her, specially when she is twice my height and three times stronger 
than I am.  She forcefully pressed my small body against her larger 
form.  The brunette's massive hooters were crushing my chest 
painfully.
     I tried to push her away, but only succeeding burying my 
hands between her breast.  Melissa thought I was massaging her 
breast. She released me as she began to unbutton her blouse.
     I tried to persuade her to hold off.  "But, Melissa, we'll 
both get fired if Ms. Sager ever catch us at this," I pleaded her. 
"Screw her. I want you now, Little man.  I'm so horny right now. I 
don't think you'll object to me having a good time with you?" she 
sneered as her braless boobs came into view.  They were full and 
firm, and didn't sagged at all.  Her teats were at least an inch long, 
from my point of view.
     The secretary shoved my face into her right tits and said, 
"Suck my titties, you dirty little man!"  Given no other choice, i 
did as she bided me to do.  I kissed and sucked the huge nipple, 
while I fondled her left breast.
     Her breathing became heavier and hoarse.  She moaned 
with pleasure as Melissa squashed my face against her fleshy 
mountain. With one hand, she released my dick from the 
confinement of my pants. She stroked and fondled my turgid shaft, 
even though her fingers were longer than my miniaturized peter.  I 
was aching to fuck her, no matter how big she is.
     Her body heat rose steadily, soon, she was burning like a 
bitch in heat.  My hand moved down to her flat stomach and 
lower. She moaned, "That's it, lover. Unbutton my pants."  I tried 
to unsnapped her pants, but it took almost all of my strength to 
pried it apart.
     Suddenly, without a warning, the door was kicked in, with 
a loud crack.  It remained hanging on one of the hinges as my 
towering boss stormed in the file room.  The look on her face told 
me that she wasn't please to find my hands in her secretary's pants 
or with my face buried between Melissa's breast.
     "I'd thought I'd find you here, you miserable little runt," 
raged Ms. Suzan Sager.  I started to say something, but the 
brunette interjected, "He made me do it.  He threatened to expose 
me if I didn't do as he told me to do."  She cowered away from her 
boss and me.
     "Shut up, slut," The honey brown hair giantess snarled and 
she snapped her attention to me.  If looks could kill, I'd be 
incinerated on the spot.  She stared at me for a long time.  I 
thought she would hit me, but none came.
     Ms. Sager growled at her secretary, "Melissa, I want you in 
my office in 10 minutes."  Without wasting a moment, the brunette 
ran from the file room.  "You, in my office, now!" her huge finger 
was leveled at me.  Before I could move, her hand jerked me off 
the high table.  I landed face down on the carpeting floor with a 
bone jarring impact.
     The giant woman stormed out of the room without another 
word as I looked up.  I knew I wouldn't be able to keep up with her 
giant long strides.  Not wanting to keep her waiting, I ran after her.  
She was nowhere in sight as I went to her office. I stared straight 
ahead to avoid the questioning stares from around me.
     Ms. Sager's door was open when I arrived.  I slowly 
walked in and looked around for my boss.  She was at her display 
case, pulling out a long black riding crop.  She wouldn't dare be 
planing to use that on me, I thought to myself, but in my present 
condition how was I to stop her if she choose to use it.
     "About time you got here, you little prick," she said with-
out looking at me.  With a wave of her hand, she motion for me to 
go to her desk.  I closed the doors as I went to her desk. "Take off 
your clothes," she ordered me, acidly.  "In front of you? I don't 
think so," I responded.  I regretted ever for saying it.
     Before I could move, the leather crop struck me on my left 
shoulder.  The blow drove me to my knees as the pain lance 
through my shoulder.
     "You don't think unless I tell you so.  Now take off your 
clothes or else," she threatened me.  In less than a moment, my 
clothes where on the floor.
     I stood stark naked in front of her.  Ms. Sager snorted at 
my exposed genital as she examine my body.  She used her long 
crop to spin me around while inspecting me.
     "You been here less than a month and you cost me a long 
time standing customer.  Not only that, in the same day you tried 
to make out with my secretary in a closet.  It seems I have to show 
you some manners," said the giantess.
     I started to say something, but my head snapped to the side 
after she struck me with her long stick.  "Don't speak unless I tell 
you so," said Ms. Sager.
     "I'm going to change into something more appropriate for 
the task I have in mind for you," she said, "When I get back I want 
to see you on your knees."  She strode to another part of the room 
which was completely sealed off after she closed the doors.  
     With some careful efforts, I lowered myself to my knees 
while my head continue to spin from her last strike.  I tried to 
think where I went wrong.  All I could think about was Melissa's 
massive hooters. How they felt, smelled, and shaped.  I know I 
should be pissed off at her for lying to Ms. Sager. After all she was 
the one who seduced me in the first place.
     I didn't look up when a dark figure silently enter the office. 
I almost didn't hear the door clicking shut.  I gasped as I looked up 
to see Ms. Sager's secretary walking towards me.
     The giant brunette had changed clothes.  She wore a 2 
piece black swimsuit.  Her brassier was studded with sliver spikes 
that any contact would pierce the skin.  Her bottom part was plain 
swimsuit with bow ties on both side of her swinging hips. She 
walked in a pair of black leather high heel shoes.
     She smiled down at me as she came closer to me.  "Aww... 
Did she hurt you again? " she cooed.  Melissa's long finger traced 
the newly welt on my face.
     With all of my strength, I savagely shoved her hand away, 
"Don't touch me, bitch."  The hand came back, in a fist, with  an 
astonishing speed, punched me in the face.
     Her punch lifted me off the floor and on to my back. 
Blackness settled over my eyes, like a blanket. I felt a pair of giant 
female hands dragged me in a short distance.
     I opened my eyes to see a knee being lowered on to my 
chest. The giant secretary made herself comfortable as she sat 
down on her hunches. Her leather high heel shoe felt cold against 
my naked cock and balls.
     Her huge knee was painfully compressing the air from my 
lungs. I tried to shove the leg aside, but it was planted firmly.  No 
matter what I did, I was trapped underneath the weight of her 
shapely leg.
     I glared up at her immense form.  Her breast dominated 
most of the view as she smiled down at me.  "What's the matter? 
Can't get comfy," she taunted me while I squirmed.  "Maybe, I can 
help," she said.
     Before I could ask, she immediately stood up straight on 
her knees. The weight of her knee intensified which the pain 
became excruciating painful. I felt a couple of my ribs cracked as I 
screamed.  Melissa laughed at my agony.
     I felt that if she stay on her knees my chest would eventu-
ally cave in.  I struggled to shift her immense weight, but that 
brought even more pain to my chest.  "What's the matter with you? 
Everything I tried to make you happy, you bitch about it," the 
giant brunette said.
     She looked down at me between her massive mammeries. 
Slowly a smile began to form on her beautiful face as if she had an 
idea. Her eyes twinkled with delightfulness as she licked her lips in 
a sultry fashion.
     With one huge hand, she grabbed both of my hands, and 
firmly placed them above my head.  I sucked a lungful of air when 
she released me from her painful pressure.
     Before I could relax, she dropped her gigantic tits on to my 
ribs.  Her studded bra piercing my already swollen chest caused 
me to scream once more.  With just one of her boobs, it very easily 
covered my entire upper body.  She began to grind me with her 
superior weight and her massiveness.  The spikes felt like it was 
tearing my skin in to shreds.
     The giant secretary moaned, "Ooooh, this feels soo good!" 
and proceeded to move even faster and wider circles. Tears 
streamed out of my eyes as I bit my lips to keep from crying out. 
As much as I tried to squirm but her mammoth body kept me 
immobile. It literally constricted my breathing, as I was taking in 
small amount of air at a time.
     Her body heat continued to rise steadily as she rubbed her 
tits across my chest.  The pain was even more agonizing than ever. 
"Aww...You're crying," I heard her say.  My tears were streaming 
out rapidly.  Then she dragged her heavy breast down lower to my 
stomach with the metal stud leaving a trail of red welts in it's 
wake.
     I felt her wet rough tongue lapping up my tears off the side 
of my face.  Her hot breath steamed over my face as she moaned 
with pleasure over each lick.  With her free hand, she grabbed my 
hair and pulled it back as she rammed her large tongue down the 
back of my mouth.  I couldn't help gagging for several moments as 
I was forced to breathe through my nose instead of my mouth. For 
several long minutes, I was to endure her torturous torments.
     Suddenly her tongue slid out of my mouth and her 
mountainous hooters were lifted.  I opened my eyes to find the 
giant Melissa still squatting on her knees, towering above me.  She 
was rubbing her crotch with her right hand as she smiled down at 
me and commented, "That felt good, Little man."
     Without getting up, she undid the strings that held her 
shorts up on her hips.  The garments fell to the floor in a heap. 
"Now, let's see if you can get me off," she purred with ecstasy. 
With a single hand, she pulled my legs between her tree trunk size 
thighs until my head was under her crotch.
     Her dark pubic hair loomed high above my head as I stared 
up at it.  Terror was beginning to over take me as she lowered her-
self towards me.  My hands were still pin above my head, render-
ing it useless.  I shook my head from side to side, screaming and 
begging for her not to do this to me.
     Her huge hand pinned my head down so that I could no 
longer shake my head as she settled her muff down on my face. 
She released my head as she gyrated her hips in a slow seductive 
manner. All I could was breathe and smell her crotch. "C'mon, 
give me some tongue action, " Melissa growled huskily.
     I shook my head negatively the best I could.  "Oh? You 
don't want to?  Seems that you didn't learn anything from the last 
time," Her voice had an edge of steel that I didn't like. I didn't get 
much of a view since her crotch and ass were on my face, but I 
could feel her other hand stroking my right thigh as it went 
towards my half hard shaft.
     Suddenly, intensive pain shot racked through my body as 
the giant hand squeezed my dick.  Melissa smiled as she listened to 
my muffled scream.  The pain stopped when she asked me once 
more, "Are you going to do as I ask?"  What was left of my 
strength, I nodded my head weakly.
     I slowly stuck out my tongue as she continued her shifting 
her hips across my face.  The giantess purred as she released both 
of my hands to massage both of her enormous tits. "Now I don't 
taste all that bad, do I?" she cooed.  I was fighting the urge to put 
my tongue back in my mouth after tasting the bitterness of her 
vagina.
     Both of her huge hands grabbed my head and tried to 
shoved it deeper into her cavernous cunt.  Her giant oscillating hip 
gyrated at a faster rate.  I was close to the point of passing out until 
Melissa rolled off of me, pulling me with her.  I laid  on top of her 
gasping for oxygen, until I heard her say, "Fuck me, you little 
runt."
     I looked down at my half hard shaft, trying to will it to 
rock hard, but I was to exhausted to do so.  I had a feeling that I 
would get a beating if I don't fuck the secretary soon.  This time, I 
willed an exotic image of a woman at my height that any man 
would want to have for the night.  Slowly, my genial started to 
become erected.  I crawled forward slowly, as I stretched my legs 
and back.
     Suddenly, something large and big swatted on my back.  
The blow sent me sprawling forward, face first into the giantess's 
tits.  A voice, I know all to well, said, "You should know better 
than that, Melissa.  You'll screw up the incantation if you let him 
touch you that way."
     I rolled over to see my boss, Ms. Suzan Sager, towering 
above me.  She changed her clothes to something that looked more 
dominating.  She wore a pair of jet black high heel boots, which 
showed off her massively powerful thighs.  I could see her pubic 
hair protruding from the sides of her panties.  The cups of her 
black lacy corset was being threatened to be overrun by her giant 
hooters.  Over her broad shoulders, she wore a black cape, which 
hung all the way down to the floor.
     The word, incantation, ran through my mind.  "What could 
she be talking about?" I thought to myself.  "I couldn't help myself, 
Ms. Sager. I haven't been fucked in a long time," said her 
secretary.  I started to get up off of Melissa, but the honey brown 
hair giantess kicked me back down on to my back.  "I think we're 
going to have to debase Tony a little bit more," snickered my boss.
     The giant woman threw her cape back and withdrew what 
looked like a strap on dildo.  The thing looked pitifully small in 
her hand as she snapped the straps around her waist.  If she was 
going to use that thing on me, I didn't want any part of it.  I tried to 
get up, but Melissa's shapely long legs imprisoned me.  No matter 
how hard I tried to get out, I was no match against her superior 
strength.
     I banged with my fist on her legs as the giant Suzan 
stooped down and grabbed me by my shoulders with both of her 
hands and hauled me to my feet.  The giantess laughed at my 
efforts to escape her hands as she stood up to her full height and 
then readjusted herself so that the rubber dong was face level with 
mine.  She pulled me up close to her strap on dildo.  The rubber 
dick was longer than mine by a good 5 inches and thicker, too.
     I shook my head every time my giant boss tried to insert 
the shaft into my mouth.  I had to brace my hands against her wide 
hips.  "Kiss my dick, dammit!" she growled at me and I still re-
fused to do so.  Her huge hand nearly took off my head when she 
slapped me.  My nose was bleeding again and the pain stung the 
left side of my face.  "Now, kiss it, dammit!" she ordered me 
again.
     I puckered my lips to kiss the distasteful thing.  I heard 
Melissa laughing behind me.  "Now, lick the side of the shaft to 
show what a good little slut you are," said Suzan.  I turned my 
head to lick the entire length of the entity.  The taste was bitter as I 
licked the shaft.  She guided my head with one hand, around the 
rubber dildo, to make sure that I've licked every inch.
     The giant lady purred, "That's very good, little slut.  Now," 
her two giant hands grabbed the back of my head, "suck it."  All 
resistant was futile, as she arched her hips towards me, her 
powerful hands pulled my head directly into her strap-on rubber 
dildo.  The thing forced its way into my mouth as I tried to 
accommodate it's size.  I half gag and half chocked on the thing, 
but I wasn't given any choice.
     The giantesses laughed at me as I struggled with it.  Suzan 
continued to stroke the rubber dong in and out of my mouth while 
tears were streaming out of my eyes.  Each time she pumped the 
projectile, she drove it deeper and deeper into the back of my 
mouth.  My throat expanded until she drove the whole thing all the 
way in.
     "So, how does it feel to be the weaker sex for a change?" 
my boss asked me.  I couldn't say anything because the dong was 
still impaled into my mouth.  She slowly backed the shaft out of 
my mouth, forcing me to endure it for a while longer.  It came out 
with a silent pop.  I wiped my eyes dry as I looked up to see Ms. 
Sager grinning at me evilly.  I didn't like that look she gave me.
     Her rubber shaft was pointing at my stomach when she 
dropped down on her knees.  "Guess what we're going to do next," 
she said with her eyes laughing at me.  "Oh no, she not going to 
fuck me with that thing," I thought to myself.
     With her superior strength, she easily turned me around by 
my waist while I screamed and try to pull myself from her power-
ful grasp.  Suzan smacked the hard rubber dong on my ass pain-
fully as she laughed gleefully.
     Pulling with all my might, the giantess effortlessly lifts me 
off the floor.  I screamed as she penetrated my ass with the dildo. 
"That's it, cry, little man, cry," she said.  Cry, I did as she rammed 
the rod into me deeper each time.  I could feel my rectum being 
forcefully spread wider each time she drives it into me.  The thing 
burned my asshole as it entered and exited me while she held me 
aloft a few inches in the air where my toes could barely touch the 
ground.
     It felt like eternity, before she drove it to the hilt. It felt like 
a log was inside of me.  I was still screaming my head off and 
trying to push the dildo out of my ass.  Ms. Sager continued to 
laugh and tease me, "I can see why men enjoy rapping women.  I 
never felt so much power from fear, especially from a tiny little 
man like you, Tony."  The giantess swatted my ass to inflict more 
pain upon me.
     I watched the giant Melissa ,through my tear-streaked eyes, 
smiling to herself as she fingered herself in the crotch.  The 
brunette rolled on to her hands and knees, with cat-like grace, she 
crawled towards me.  She lowered her face down mine and 
licentiously drove her big tongue in to the back of my mouth.  Her 
large hand caressed the right side of my face while her other hand, 
with her fingers lightly played with my left nipple.
     I tried to scream when the giantess roughly pulled the long 
dildo out of my ass, but Melissa mouth covered mine.  I fell to my 
knees when Suzan released me.  The brunette still held on to me.  
     "C'mon, Melissa. If you want the spell to work, now is the 
time to do it when he feels he has been degraded so low," I heard 
Ms. Suzan Sager say.  The secretary released my mouth with a 
loud smack.  My body crashed to the floor as both of the giant-
esses quickly drew a circle around me with chalk and started to 
light candles that were surrounding me.
     Then I heard something heavy dropped to the floor, near 
my feet, but outside of the chalk drawn circle.  I turned my head 
towards the object.  It was a statue of a woman that somehow was 
radiating fear into me.  Don't know why, but I was definitely scare 
of that thing.
     The lights were turned off and I watched Melissa put her 
clothes back on, in the candlelight, knelt down on her knees near 
my head and somehow I felt and knew the other giantess was 
behind me.  Strange words erupted from the Suzan Sager's mouth, 
I couldn't tell if they were Greek or Latin.  Her voice rose and 
pitched with feverish frenzy. suddenly her dialogue switched to 
English as I listened to her, "Hear me my goddesses!  I bring thee 
an offering of a gift. I beseech thee to come forth.  Let thine 
present beknown among us.  Honor us with thine present."
     "Hello, my ever so bright daughter.  What do you have to 
offer me this time?" a voice that somehow was emulating through 
the angry stone, but it sounded so cheerful.  It wasn't right.  All my 
life, that when I went to church, there was never a present or a 
voice that was heard when I was around.
     Ms. Sager replied, "I bring thine an offering of this woman 
to be one of your followers.  From her she brings you this worth-
less man as her gift to the most holy thine."
     "Suzan, drop the thee's and thine's.  Those days are long 
gone by and you're giving me a heartache thinking about my other 
daughters who died when Rome decided to invade the jungle.  And 
for once say my name."
     "I'm sorry my goddess, but you know if anyone says your 
name in your present, the other gods will hear it and take actions 
against you and us.  Just like what happen with Amazon."
     "Very well.  Let's take a look at our new follower."
 There was a brief pause.  Somehow I could feel the goddess 
floating over Melissa and then it moved back to the cold statue. 
"You have done well,even though she still has the lust for this 
carcass, but she will change, Suzan.  I will take her offering even 
though there is nothing to take from the man-ape.  I will have to 
take his strength."
     "No need to take his strength.  I already extracted fluid 
from him.  I was going to ask you a favor that you transfer his 
strength to Melissa.  She gonna need it in the near future."  I heard 
something popped and set on the floor next to me.
     "Because you have done so well, I will grant you your 
wish." 
     Before I knew what happened, I felt something powerful 
seized control of my mind and body.  I closed my eyes and 
screamed as my body convulsed uncontrollably as I felt something 
being wrenched away from me.  I felt the statue's anger and power 
as it tore something from me.
    After what felt like eternity, the pain subsided, but I don't 
think it will ever go away.  Melissa moaned with such an intensity, 
that I had to look at her.  Slowly, I opened my eyes just a crack 
and then opened them all the way.  I wished that I hadn't.  Despite 
the pain I was feeling, I stood up on my feet and looked up to the 
colossal form of the secretary.  She was even bigger than before.
    I stare in astonishment as the brunette grew more and more 
muscular in each passing seconds.  The black studded bra she 
wore, burst from her oversize chest.  Her shoulder broaden as she 
spread her arms out like an eagle as her biceps exploded with 
power on her arms.  Her abdomen shrank and formed into a hard 
packed washboard. She rose up higher upon her knees as I watched 
her thighs swelled into mighty pythons.
    "It's an incredible sight, isn't it," I heard a voice behind me.  
I turned around and nearly staggered back from the view. Suzan 
also towered like a colossal giantess.  I turned around to look at the 
other woman and then back to my boss.  They were both at the 
same height, it seems that I had been shrunk again. 
    "Well, it seems that my Goddess has gotten greedy again.  
You should be lucky.  The last man she had, she didn't stop 
shrinking him until he was 2 inches tall and we lost him in my 
pussy," giggled the giantess.  She reached down and grabbed me 
by my waist with one giant hand.  Her fingers were thick as a 
telephone pole as I tried in vain to pry them apart.
    I was brought up close to her billboard size face.  "We're 
gonna have some fun," her loud voice rumbled.  I was already 
frighten, I couldn't get any more scared than I was.  Suzan hastily 
dropped me to the ground as she leaned back.  I looked up to see 
that she was removing the rubber dildo which was twice the height 
as I was.
    Next, she removed the panties she was wearing and 
motioned me to come closer to her huge vagina.  Her crotch 
looked like a set of forbidden doors to dangerous sexual passion as 
I came closer to her.
    With two large fingers, she peeled back the labia, to reveal 
a large wet gaping hole with a nipple hanging down from the 
ceiling.  With her free hand, I was shoved towards her cavernous 
cunt.  I dropped down onto my knees and crawled the rest of the 
way to her.  My giant boss roared with laughter.
    I sucked her large clit while I inserted one arm into the 
hole.  The hole quickly closed around my arm before I could pull 
it back.  No matter how hard I tried to, I couldn't pull my arm out. 
I started to panic.
    I stopped sucking her clit and changed position.  I planted 
both of my knees into the floor and tried to pull.  No avail.  I kept 
on trying.  I looked up at the honey hair giantess.
    She had her hand covering her mouth.  Suddenly, she burst 
out laughing and my arm came free.  I fell back from the force of 
my arm coming free.
    Before I could get up, her gigantic hand scooped my legs 
and hauled me upright.  "At this rate you're never gonna make me 
cum," she said.  With one leg on her knee and the other on it's feet. 
She centered me underneath her crotch and inserted my head and 
chest into her cunt.  My scream turned into a gargling sound as she 
pumped me in and out.  My arms were pinned to the sides, were 
useless.
    After what felt like eternity, her body started to shuddered 
and her vagina muscles expanded and contracted.  With the help of 
her juice, I slid out of her dark hole and fell 10 feet to the ground.  
I crumbled into a heap, covered with white sticky ooze.
    I was ready to fall asleep after what I was put through, until 
a giant hand snatch me from the floor and my sleep.  Panicking, I 
held on to the fingers.
    My eyes opened to find Melissa's large face looking down 
on me.  "Yummy," was all she said.  The giant face zoomed down 
on me with her mouth opened wide enough to swallow me whole.  
I screamed as it came closer upon me.  Her tongue came out of her 
mouth and started to lick the cum off of my body.
    The giantess licked me thoroughly as if she were a kid who 
would take great joy in licking all of the batter off the spoon. In 
mere minutes, she had me licked clean, although I reeked of her 
breath.  She dropped me back onto the floor, like some forgotten 
toy.
    I crashed onto the floor with every part of my body in pain. 
I rolled over to see Melissa's new body.  The change was 
astounding.  She still had her large firm breast, but for some 
reason it look bigger, even though I'm smaller than I was before. 
The rest of her body had a lot of mass muscles on it.  Her stomach 
was a flat washboard with her abdominal finely detailed.  Her arms 
and legs was nothing but a mass of powerful coils wrapped around 
it with blue veins crisscrossing all over it.
    She was trying to put on her high heel shoes, but her feet 
was too big.  And she tried to put on her swimsuit.  The secretary's 
bottom part splayed when she pulled them up.  The top part, no 
matter how she tried, couldn't reach all the way around her broad 
back.  I couldn't take my eyes off of her new body, it was 
incredibly exciting to look at it and at the same time it was also 
dangerous.
    "Ms. Sager, do you have anything that I could put on that 
will fit me, until I could get some new clothes?" asked Melissa.  
Suzan only pointed at her walk-in closet.  The giant secretary 
disappear into it.
    "Upon your hands and knees, Boy Toy!" Ms. Sager voice 
cracked like a whip.  It hurt too much to do as she said, so I just 
laid there.  "If you don't do as I say, I'm gonna step on you!" she 
threaten and still I didn't move.
    Her high heel boot was suddenly on top of me, but there 
was no pressure.  Her foot was so large that it easily covered my 
whole body.  "I warned you what would happen if you didn't 
obey," she said.
    Her immense foot had gotten incredibly heavy.  My 
breathing became more and more difficult.  The pain came next as 
I screamed in agony.  For the next few moments, she kept up the 
pressure until she was satisfied that she had punished me.  Her foot 
was suddenly gone and again she commanded,"Get on your hands 
and knees, Dog!"
    With each movement was a stab of pain, I slowly rolled 
over and got onto my hands and knees.  "Good boy!  You deserve 
a treat. Lick my boots clean, Boy Toy," the giant honey hair lady 
ordered me.  I looked up to find her foot several yards away from 
me.  I made my way over to the black shiny boot.  I started at the 
point of her toe and worked my way back to the high heel.
    "Melissa, do you still want this miserable little wimp?" 
yelled my giantess boss.  "No, not really.  Why?  Do you want 
him?" asked the other woman.  "Yes, I think he would make a nice 
little paper weight for me and among other things," Ms. Sager 
responded.
    "So, what are you going to do with your fabulous new 
body?" continued the boss.  "I think I'm going to get even with 
those artist who tried to stuff me into a suit that was too small for 
me," said the secretary.  "That's fine, but hurt them too much.  I 
need them for a new project," said she.
    A hand reached down and grabbed me by my waist.  I was 
hoisted high into the air, until I was level with Suzan Sager's face. 
"Hear that?  You're my property from now on.  Anything I say or 
do, you will not disobey me at all or you'll suffer the 
consequences. You got that?" she shook me in the palm of her 
hand.  I dare not to say anything, least she decides to drop me as 
my punishment.
    There was a knock at the door.  "Who is it?" asked Suzan.  
The door opened and a familiar face walked in.  Ruby asked in a 
stumbling English, "I wanted to ask you,..."  She stopped in the 
middle of a sentence when she saw me in Ms. Sager's hand.  Her 
eyes glinted with pure sexual joy.  I shuddered with the thought if 
she ever got her hands on me.
    My tormentress did not even miss the look from Ruby's 
eyes. She took it in stride.  "I see.  Well, for twenty dollars, you 
can have him for the night and in the morning you can drop him 
off with my secretary," she offered.  Without a moment to think, 
Ruby bobbed her head in agreement.  The giant boss continued, 
"And if you want one of your own, we'll talk about it tomorrow.  
For this you can pay me later."
    Suzan walked towards Ruby and deposited me between 
Ruby's deep cleavage.  "NOOOOO!  Don't leave me with her!" I 
screamed as I tried to scrambled out of her soft downy boobs.  A 
hand came down on top of me and pushed me in even deeper into 
her cleavage.  The last thing I remember was Ms. Sager saying, 
"Tony, remember who's the boss now."


                                 The End

--
