Archive-name: Amazon/bigcin03.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Big Cindy - 3


                          CHAPTER 5
                          THE DOCTOR

                "Doctor Earleene Jones 
                 Specialist: Sexual Fetishes" 

    I had some trepidation as I opened the outer door to Doctor 
Jones' office. After catching me in our daughter, Cindy's, bedroom 
wearing her panties and slips, Barbara decided that I needed some 
help from a special doctor that she had heard worked miracles on 
men with my problem. 
    Sitting at the end of the room at a tall, oak, secretary's desk 
was this wonderful looking women dressed in a nurses uniform. 
Just to her side was this 15 foot door with the word "PRIVATE" 
written on it. I walked up to the desk and informed the nurse that I 
had an appointment with Dr. Jones.
    "Just a second, Mr. Johnson," she said as she looked 
through here appointment book. "Oh, here you are. You're right on 
time. You can go in now."
    I walked up to the door and was surprised to find that the 
door knob was so high that I couldn't reach it. The sexy looking 
nurse laughed as I stood on my tip-toes; but still it was out of my 
reach.
    "Is there something the matter?" she said as she swung her 
chair around so that two of the longest legs I had ever seen were 
pointing up at me. Her legs weren't crossed, so for a brief instant, I 
could get a peak up her dress to her powder blue panties, framed 
by a matching blue, nylon, slip.
    "Here, let me do it for you," she said as she stood up from 
her desk.
    Higher and higher she stood. My God this woman was big! 
She must have been over 6'11" tall and weighed at least 250 
pounds. She walked over to me and gently pushed me aside. 
Standing beside her I felt like a little boy; she literally towered 
over me. This amazon that I was  looking  up at was not just a 
nurse...but she was the nurse, the type that every adolescent boy 
has ever had a wet-dream about--and here she was, towering over 
7" taller than me and at least 45 pounds heavier than me! 
My mouth dropped open as I stared up at this Amazon.
    "If you think I'm big, wait till you see Dr. Jones," the nurse 
said as she easily opened the giant door.
    " Now give me your hand little one, I mean Mr. 
Johnson," she said as she reached down and took my tiny hand in 
hers. I felt like a little boy being taken to school by his mother as I 
looked up at this marvelous woman standing beside me. The giant 
nurse led me through the door and into a darkened room.
    "Doctor Jones, Mr. Johnson is here to see you," the nurse 
said as she let go of my hand, kissed me tenderly on the top of my 
head,  and closed the giant door behind her.
    "Come over here little one," this wonderfully salutary 
voice echoed from the far side of the room.
    I started to shake, as I approached the most gigantic, sexy, 
black, woman I had ever seen. She was seated on a large chair 
with her legs crossed, dressed in only a bra, half-slip and panties. 
As I got closer, I realized just how large she was. The nurse was 
right, Doctor Jones was a true Giantess. She was much bigger than 
the nurse. I wasn't sure, but I would have guessed that standing 
Doctor Jones would have been at least 7'7" tall and must have 
weighed in excess of 375 pounds. Even seated, she was over 6'6" 
tall; I had to look up to gaze into her face. I was so astounded that 
I backed up in awe. She was fantastic. Each of her giant black 
thighs were clearly visible through her white, nylon, half-slip and 
her thumb sized, black nipples thrust out against her gigantic 50FF 
brassiere; a brassiere who's cups  were each bigger than my head. 
This Negro, giantess' bulging calves were more than twice the size 
of my skinny thighs and each of her giant thighs were much 
bigger than my waist. 
    "So it says here that my little patient has a fetish for 
looking up little-girl's dresses and slips. It also says that your wife 
caught you dressed in your daughter's panties, brassiere and slip," 
she said as she put down a folder containing my records. 
    "Well, does my little baby boy just like looking up little-
girls dresses and slips or would he want to look up a BIG GIRL'S 
slip?" asked this Amazonic woman that was seated in front of me. 
    Before I could respond, she started spreading her crossed 
leg wider apart so her right ankle was now resting on her left 
thigh. Sitting like this, her mammoth legs were spread so wide 
apart that I had a perfect view up her silky half-slip; all the way up 
to the crotch of her large, white, nylon panties. Her mammoth 
black thighs framed the most beautiful panties that I had ever 
seen. They were easily the largest and sexist pair of panties that I 
had ever laid my eyes on. I was transfixed by there silky 
loveliness. What I wouldn't give to touch them; to kiss their 
mammoth crotch and to put them on my tiny body. I figured that 
they were easily twice the size of my daughter Cindy's extra-large 
panties. The more I stared at her beautiful panties, the more my 
penis grew. I hoped she couldn't tell.
    "Well, well, it looks like little Billy's not just a lover of 
little-girl's panties," she said as she slid her nylon, clad, calf back 
and forth on her giant, black, thigh. "It seems that my "little baby" 
is getting very excited  looking at mine too."
    She slowly uncrossed her large legs and spread them 
even further apart. The strong, white, nylon, of her half-slip was as 
taut as a trampoline and her silky panties were straining against her 
gigantic, black, hairy cunt. 
    "Why Billy, you're shaking, " She exclaimed as she 
watched me continuing to stare up her open half-slip. "Haven't 
you ever seen a woman's panties before? I mean a real woman, a 
woman who's panties are easily more than twice as big as any 
you've probably ever seen!"
    "Now don't to excited, little one," she said. "You should 
know that it's not nice to look up a woman's slip. " Her mammoth 
thighs were stretching her silky half-slip almost to the tearing 
point. She was scolding me like a mother would scold her naughty 
little child.  
    "Now Billy, to get started, I want you to take off your 
clothes and come over here and sit up on my lap so we can discuss 
your little problem." 
    Finally taking my eyes off her panties and looking up into 
her eyes, I obeyed her request. Slowly I took off my pants, shoes 
and shirt, and  walked up and stood in front of her dressed only in 
my white, cotton, briefs.
     "Now, now, baby," she said with her hands on her silken 
hips, "Doctor said she wants you to take off all of your clothes. 
Now get your ugly, little, cotton 'panties' off and climb up here on 
Doctor's lap right now or Doctor might have to give her naughty 
little baby boy a spanking! Now 'baby' wouldn't want that now 
would he?"
    My hands were shaking as I reluctantly removed my 
underwear. First one skinny leg, then the other. Finally I'm  
standing completely nude in front of this Giant, Black, Amazon; my 
little undies at my feet. I felt so weak and puny compared to her. 
Even seated, she towered over me. Her presence was dominating; 
she could easily squeeze the life out of me with just her massive 
calves.
    "Now, little one, grab on to Doctor's slip and climb up," 
She said as she pulled her half-slip as tight as the silky material 
will bare.
            The material of her slip was so tight and slippery and her 
mammoth legs were so large, that it was impossible for me to get 
up on her lap. Several times I tried and each time I slipped off of 
her half-slip and fell on the floor. She was just to big a woman for 
me to climb up on without help.
    "I sorry, but I can't get up on your lap," I said. "Could you 
please help me?"
    I felt just like a little boy as I stood looking up into her 
eyes. I could feel tears beginning to well up in my eyes. I fought 
hard to hold back the tears--but, despite my efforts, I felt a single 
droplet flow out of the corner of my eye. A tear rolled down my 
cheek, and as it did, I started to cry like a baby. I had never felt so 
weak and helpless in my life.
    "Please...don't cry...little one...Mommy didn't mean to hurt 
your feelings..." she said softly as she held me close to one of her 
giant legs with one hand while she picked up the hem of her silky, 
half-slip and wiped away my tears with the other. "Let me help 
you up on Mommy's lap."
    She tenderly picked me up, set me on her nylon covered 
lap, and wrapped her arms around me, hugging me to her huge, 
giant bosom. Her gigantic brassiere engulfed almost my entire 
body, sinking me deep into the valley of her soft, warm cleavage. 
She clasped one hand over the back of my head, and started gently 
rocking me in the cradle of her enormous silky brassiere.
    "It's okay...it's okay...I'm here for you..." she cooed. I 
couldn't hold back any longer; I burst into tears, sobbing heavily 
against her huge, soft bosom.
    After my crying subsided, she re-positioned me so that I 
was sitting in the center of her taut half-slip with my back toward 
her. My tiny body was completely suspended in the center of her 
slip with my legs hanging down over the front between her legs. 
The strong nylon material of her slip easily supported my entire 
body. 
    "I'm sorry I made baby cry. Here let me give baby a ride 
on Mommy's  slip," she said she moved her strong legs in and out. 
This caused me to bounce on her taught half-slip like a baby on a 
silken trampoline. As she bounced me higher and higher on her 
lap, she could tell that I was enjoying the feeling of my little penis 
hitting  her silky half-slip each time I made contact. She could see 
it is getting harder than before. Now my little penis had grown to 
a full 3  inches long.
    "Does my little baby like bouncing  on his Mommy's lap?" 
She asked as she continued bouncing me in the air."
    "Now, little one," she said as she stopped bouncing me up 
and down and started to rub my penis between her thumb and first 
finger. "Lets talk about why you came in to see me. In most cases, 
I've discovered that 'tiny' men with your fetish, started with their 
mothers when they were little boys."
    She turned me back to the side again so  that both of my 
little, skinny, legs were now hanging over her mammoth, silk-
clad, left thigh. She could tell that I loved sitting high up on her 
half-slip. I looked up into her beautiful eyes as my tiny hands 
kneaded one of her giant cups of her 50FF, nylon brassiere.
    "Does my little Billy love and trust his big Doctor now?" 
she asked as she held me tightly to her massive brassiere. I 
acknowledged her by sucking on one of her giant, black, nipples 
through the silky material of her beautiful, strong, brassiere. My 
eyes were cast lovingly up into her face.  
    "Now I want you to just sit on my lap and listen as we talk 
about when you were a little boy and about your mother. Don't be 
afraid. I won't hurt you. Just pretend that I'm your mother; not 
your Doctor. OK?"
     " Yes Mommy," I said as my tiny hands continued to 
squeeze one of her mammoth, silky, brassiere cups. "Can I keep 
sucking  your nipple?"
    "Of course, little baby," she cooed as she played with my 
little penis.
    Her giant brassiere cup was so big around that my hands 
were  lost in the silky, white material.  My mouth was dwarfed by 
her silken nipple.
    "Now Billy, I'll bet that when you were a little boy you 
used to look up your Mother's dress and slip any chance you got," 
she said as I continued to suck on her giant brassiere. "Is that 
correct?" I nodded yes.
    "And I'll bet that  she would cross her legs like I did so you 
could get a good view of her silky crotch. And I'm sure that it 
would turn her on to see you looking up her dress. Am I right 
little one?" she asked as I sucked on her nipple.
    Now for me to help you," the amazon doctor said. "It's 
very important that you tell me everything that happened between 
you and your mother when you were her little boy."
    Sitting high on her nylon clad lap and holding on to her 
mammoth brassiere cup with both of my tiny hands, I released my 
mouth from her silky, nipple. I looked up into her strong dark
eyes, and started to tell her my story.


To be continued ................................

--
