Archive-name: Amazon/bigcin01.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Big Cindy - 1


                             CHAPTER 1

    My daughter, Cindy, has been an extremely large girl all of 
her life. When she reached her 8th birthday she was 6' 1" tall, 
weighed 210 pounds and wore a woman's size 14 panty. Just to 
give you an idea of how big that would be, a normal 170 pound 
man would virtually not be able to keep her panties on without 
holding them up.  
    My wife Barbara is also extremely big and tall; being 6'7" 
tall and weighing over 250 pounds. But by contrast, I'm only 6' 4" 
tall and weigh only a little over 175 pounds.
    By the time Cindy's  9th birthday came, she had grown to 
6' 6" tall. Barbara was so happy with Cindy's giant size, that she 
dressed her up in a pair of her best "little girl" size 20 frilly, pink 
panties, ruffled half-slip and a short silky skirt. She also put some 
of her 4" heels on Cindy over her white frilly socks. This made 
Cindy tower 6'10" tall. She then made me stand next to Cindy and 
look up into her face. God I felt tiny, standing next to my 
Amazonic daughter while dressed  in a pair of one of Cindy's 
smaller frilly panties left over from when she was only 7 years old. 
These were the only size that would fit me. With my wife's 4" 
heels on, Cindy towered over me by more than a half a foot. 
    Barbara then asked Cindy to bend over and kiss  me on my 
forehead while she took pictures. Then she had Cindy lean down, 
pick me up and hold me her strong arms. Picture after picture was 
shoot as Cindy crushed me in her powerful arms. Only weighing  
175 pounds, and compared to her weight of 240 pounds, if she 
chose, she could have easily held me around in her arms for hours. 
But my wife  just wanted her to hold me up while as she shot a few 
more pictures. 
    "Make Cindy put me down," I said to Barbara as I dangled 
high off the ground in Cindy's strong arms. 
    You'll never know how insignificant it made me feel to 
have my 9 year old daughter be able to physically tower over and 
dominate me. The last time she was small enough for me to put her 
over my knee and spank her was when she was only 6 years old. 
But within a year after that, she was taller, stronger and bigger 
than I, and could, if she had ever wished, could put me over her 
knee and spank me to tears. 
    By the time she was 12 years old she had grown another 3 
inches to  6' 9" and weighed over 260 pounds. Even at that early 
age, she was forced to buy her extra large panties, girdles, and 
slips from on of the "Lane Bryant's Large Women's Stores located 
in our city. She had by now, totally outgrown her "little" size 20 
panties and was forced to wear a  women's size 32. That's more 
than three times the size of my white, cotton, briefs.
    From 12 years old on, Cindy would walk around the house 
dressed only in her bra, panties, and half-slip. I tried to be as 
careful as I could, but many times she would catch me standing as 
close to her as I dared. I would use every opportunity I could to 
walk up behind her and brush my small chest against her large, 
nylon panty covered butt. 
    Many times, when she was in her bathroom getting ready 
for grammar school, I would walk up behind her with a towel 
wrapped around my body, reach up, and snap the elastic top of her 
panties with my fingers.
    "Cindy, would you move your overgrown Amazon butt." I 
pretended to order as I looked up at the broad, back of this 
imposing pre-teenage girl. 
    Usually she would just turn around, tear my towel off, and 
kid me about the size of my penis (or "Daddy's little wee-wee" as 
she called it). At less than 2½ inches long, and no bigger around 
that her little finger, my penis was about the same size as a 10 year 
old boy's wee-wee. And the fact that I had very little pubic hair, 
further contributed to the allusion of my "little boy" look.
    "You're such a bad baby boy! Come to Mommy"' Cindy 
said as she  bent over and lifted me up on the counter. I felt so 
weak and tiny standing completely nude in front of her massive 
pre-teenage frame. My penis was now fully grown and proudly 
sticking out like a little 3 inch flag poll. Pinching and shaking the 
tip of my tiny "wee-wee" between her fingers, she pretended to 
scold me like a mother scolds her bad little baby boy. 
    "Baby's been bad again", Cindy scolded as she pinched the 
tip of my penis between her strong fingers. 
    While she finished getting ready, she kept me occupied by  
rubbing my tiny, "little boy wee-wee" up and down between the 
tips of her first and second fingers. To keep from loosing my 
balance, I had to hold on to the strong straps of her bra. I never 
tired of this game. And every time that Barbara left early for work 
we would recreate this ritual.
     After she finished putting on her makeup, Cindy would 
pick me up in her strong arms and carry me into her bedroom. She 
would then gently set me on her bed in a pile of her discarded 
underwear and let me watch her finish getting dressed for school. 
They were yesterdays panties and slips, so that they had a distinct 
little girl odor to them. This really excited me, because for the 
entire time it took her to get ready, I would roll around in her giant 
silky undies. Every now and then I would peak out from inside the 
pile of her panties, slips, bras, and nylons, and see her looking 
down approvingly at me. It was then that I was beginning to 
realize the strong desire I had for her and her giant "little-girl" 
underwear.
    When she was finished dressing, I would stand on the bed 
with her giant, panties and slips draped around me. At this height, 
I was almost eye level with her. 
    "Kiss Daddy good-by." I demanded with my hands on my 
hips.
    "Come to Mommy," She purred as she wrapped her strong 
arms around my waist, and lifted me off the bed, holding me high 
in the air. I then wrapped my skinny legs around her waist and 
held on to her neck  as she carried me down the stairs to our front 
door.  I was still draped with her panties, brassieres, nylons, and 
slips, so she kissed me on the forehead while we were still in the 
house. 
    "Please don't put me down," I cried as I held on tightly to 
her neck.
    "Oh, daddy, don't be such a little baby," she said as she 
pinched my little penis between her thumb and first finger. She 
increased the pressure until I released my legs from around her 
waist. 
    "I'll be late for school." she said firmly as she let go of my 
penis and carefully set me down on the floor in front of her.
    "Ow! That hurt,"  I said rubbing my erect, tiny penis with 
my hand as I looked up into her eyes. "You do that again, and I 
will have to put you over her knee and spank you."
    "Now listen Daddy!" she exclaimed as she looked down on 
my puny body. "I know you think you look cute with my 
underwear all over you, but I want my bedroom cleaned up and all 
my dirty panties, nylons, bras, and slips hand washed, dried, and 
neatly folded by the time I get home from school. Is that 
understood?"
    Like a little boy I looked up at her and nodded my head. 
    "That's better." she said as she kissed me on top of my head 
and left for school.
     At that moment, I was completely aware that if I 
disobeyed her orders and didn't clean up her bedroom and wash all 
of her dirty, "little-girl" undies, that there was no way I could 
avoid the severest of punishments.
    Playing with myself through her panties that were draped 
around my body, I walked up the stairs and into Cindy's bedroom. 
I climbed up on to her giant bed and lay down in the heap of soiled 
undies that were scattered all over her bed. I was feeling tired so I 
stuffed two of her giant silk panties into  one of her size 40EE 
brassiere cups and made a pillow out of it. I then got inside of one 
of her giant half-slips and pulled it up around my shoulders and 
drifted off to sleep.

             To be continued
--
