Archive-name: Amazon/bigcin02.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Big Cindy - 2


                             CHAPTER 2
                     WASHING CINDY'S UNDIES

    If,  when Cindy  got home from her 7th grade class, I  had 
washed and hung her giant undies correctly, she would go into her 
bedroom, and play with her dolls. Usually she was only dressed in 
her pink nylon panties, half-slip, and matching bra. If I got off 
work before Barbara, I would go in her bedroom wearing only my 
little-boy type white cotton briefs and ask her if she would be my 
"big, strong, horsy" and pick me up on her back and carry me 
around. I got so excited when she would play this game with me, 
because at 6' 9" tall, and weighing over 260 pound, my Amazonic 
daughter could have easily crushed the life out of my puny weak 
body.  
    At only twelve years old, she was much to young to ever 
imagine the sexual thrill I was getting, riding high on her back 
while she wore only her bra, nylon panties, and slip. But my 
ultimate thrill was when she would lift me on her back and slide 
me down so that my upper body was completely inside of her half-
slip and I was seated inside the back of her panties. She made sure 
to wear oversized panties so I could fit inside of them along with 
her. She would stick my legs out through the insides of the leg 
holes. Sitting deep inside her panties this way, my little erect penis 
was sticking inside of her ass checks; checks that were so deep that 
my 3" penis was lost inside her. She liked me to ride inside of her 
panties, because this way her hands were free to play with her 
dolls. With my penis sliding in and out of her giant ass cheeks and 
my little butt rubbing against the silky smoothness of her panties 
and half-slip, I would hold on to the back her strong bra straps as 
she carried me around her bedroom for what seemed like hours. It 
wasn't till latter in life that she realized that "Her little panty riding 
cowboy", as I liked her to call me then, was just using her for my 
sexual fantasies about big girls.



                               CHAPTER 3
                            DADDY GETS CAUGHT


    One day my wife, Barbara, came home from work early.  
She walked upstairs saw me through the slit in Cindy's bedroom 
door, Barbara could hardly believe her eyes. There I stood on a 
stool, going through Cindy's underwear drawer.  I was dressed in 
only my little cotton briefs and was holding one of Cindy's  extra-
large size 62 nylon panties up to my chest. It was more than twice 
the size of my chest. Without me noticing, Barbara watched as I 
took off my cotton briefs and put on Cindy's  giant silky panties. 
Barbara had to laugh, because her daughter's mammoth panties 
literally dwarfed me and I looked more like a 6 year old little boy 
in his mother's bedroom wearing her giant silk panties than a 
normal 44 year old grown man. I had never realized just how big 
Cindy had grown, until I saw how her panties virtually dwarfed 
me.
    Holding Cindy's tent-like panties up with one of my hands, 
I found a clothespin. I then bunched up the elastic top in front and 
pinned the excess material so it would stay up on it's own. I stood 
at her bedroom mirror and played with myself though her giant 
pink, silk panties. 
    Then, standing on my tiptoes on the stool back at her 
underwear drawer, I frantically started throwing my teenage 
daughter's giant nylon panties, bras, and girdles all over the floor 
until I found one of her largest, nylon half-slips. The sheer amount 
of her undies that I had been throwing on the floor nearly covered 
me all the way up to my head. Buried in this silken pile, I then 
rubbed the slip's silky softness all over my tiny little body. 
       Now there are half-slips and there are half-slips. Hers 
was so large that when I held it up in front of me it reached from 
the top of my head all the way down to the floor. I then stepped 
inside and pulled it up over my head until it completely covered 
my tiny body from head to toe. 
    My wife Barbara, could tell that from the sounds and 
shaking that was going on inside Cindy's gigantic, half-slip, it was 
very apparent that I was continuing to play with myself. And after 
a few minutes, she could hear me let out a  muffled scream as I 
shot a small stream of cum through her daughter's panties; staining 
the outside of her giant half-slip.  
    Having fun in her daughter's silky underthings was one 
thing, but cuming in them is quite a different matter. Barbara was 
pissed and I was going to pay for it.
    Being completely incased in this nylon tent, I couldn't see 
anything. This gave her an opportunity to  lurch into the room and 
pick me up still fully inside her gigantic nylon half-slip.
    "Hey!" I screamed as she carried me like a sack of potatoes 
over her shoulder. "Put me down this instant."
    "Billy," she purred as she carefully laid me on her bed. 
"You've been a very bad little baby, what with cumming inside of 
our daughter's panties and slip as well as throwing all her pretty 
undies all over the place. You've made such a mess, and you will 
have to be punished for it"
    She put one of her strong hands at the top of the slip and 
the other at the bottom. She bunched up the material at both ends 
and held me captive in side Cindy's extra-large half-slip.
    "Stop your useless squirming," she purred. "Mommy will 
let her little baby boy out when she's finished with her punishment. 
    Gathering up both ends of the large half-slip, she tied both 
ends with two of Cindy's hair ribbons and laughed as I squirmed in 
vane. 
    Leaving me inside the giant, silky prison, she took off her 
cotton plaid dress and nylon blouse and went, dressed only in her 
silkiest, pink panties, matching half-slip, and bra, to her bathroom. 
By then I was crying as I tried in vane to escape. Inside the 
bathroom, she raised up her slip, pulled her panties down over her 
knees, and sat down on the toilet.
    "Please let me out," I cried. All I heard in return was the 
gushing sound of gallons of pee splashing in the toilet.
    She only laughed as she sat there and watched her little 
baby boy squirm. 





                               CHAPTER 4
                        DADDY MUST BE PUNISHED

    After what seemed like many hours, Barbara came back 
into her bedroom and untied one of the ends of Cindy's gigantic 
half-slip that I had been held prisoner in. I was afraid to come out 
of my silken prison, so Barbara just picked up the tied end and 
shook me out. Still wearing Cindy's size 62 nylon panties, I lay in 
a ball on Barbara's bed looking up at my mammoth wife as she 
stared down at me.
    She reached down and easily pick me up in her arms. She 
carried me into the bathroom and set me on her lap. She lifted up 
her half-slip to take a piss. She intentionally didn't pull her panties 
down this time, so they were soaked with her pungent urine. 
    "Does my little Billy want to clean the crotch of Mommy's 
big panties?" She said as she lifted me off her lap and put me on 
the bathroom floor on my knees. 
    God, I felt so weak and insignificant kneeling in front of 
her. Cindy's giant panties that I was wearing were hanging way 
down in front of me; almost touching the floor. She spread her 
powerful legs further apart as I crawled closer to her.
     "Now stick your head up inside Mommy's half-slip and 
lick the urine off my panties", she commanded.
     Shaking all over, I obeyed. First my head disappeared 
inside her slip; then my shoulders; and finally, all that could be 
seen was my tiny, panty clad butt sticking out from inside of her 
slip. 
    "Now Billy, I want you to clean every bit of urine off 
Mommy's crotch or Mommy crush your puny head and chest 
between her massive thighs," she yelled as  she garbed the back of 
my head from outside her half-slip and slammed it up against her 
soaking crotch. My lips were sucking on the crotch of her wet 
panties. My lips were licking the length of her crotch. 
    "Swallow all my pee, you little bastard. Suck my panties 
harder.... LICK MY CROTCH!" 
    As my open mouth was pressed against her soaking wet 
crotch, she started to pee again.  She flooded my mouth with what 
seemed like gallons of warm, pungent, urine. I started to choke, 
but she held my head tightly against her silken crotch and made 
me drink more and more of her 'golden shower'. Closing her 
mighty thighs together, she crushed my head and chest until I 
passed out; my mouth glued against her panty's soaked crotch. My 
punishment was over.................. I thought.


                  To be continued ...................
--
