BIG DADDY'S PLANTATION
Copyright (C) 1994 By Belle Watling and Big Daddy

**************
The following story was developed through a little live fantasy play by
the two main characters (and what characters they are).  We had such a good
time that we decided to edit it to story form and share with our friends of
like persuasion.  Enjoy!
**************

Natchez, Mississippi
November 12, 1869

It was a sultry evening for that late in the year; even in the Mississippi
Delta, where things are always steamy for one reason or another.   The
Dupree Plantation had withstood the attack that  leveled most of Vicksburg 
during The War, and this night, as had been the case for the past two years, 
the house was filled with the lusty sound of laughter, fights, and passion.

In the master bedroom Henri Dupree was on the chaise lounge watching Belle
Watling prepare for the evening.  This giant, whale of a man had survived
the War by pirating and running blockade lines in the Gulf of Mexico.  Belle
had known him in Atlanta and sought out his aid after the burning of her city.
Named "Big Daddy" by Belle for his finer aspects, he loved the life she had
brought to the plantation, and had spent more time with her during the past
two years than he had plotting his next scheme.  As a consequence, money was
getting tight. 

"Get me some bourbon!  I've got a terrible thirst," Big Daddy barked.

"Yes Sir....one bourbon straight... coming up.  I love a thirsty man." 
Belle moved to the dresser where she kept all of Daddy's favorite refreshers 
and toys.

"Now listen Belle!  We've got a little problem, Girl!"

"Really?  Sounds more like you have a problem to me."  Belle could feel the
coming of the argument which had been building for days, as she handed him
the drink.

"Its about this damn bordello you're running here on my property!"

"Which YOU use all the time."  Belle finished fixing her own drink and
turned to face her handsome foe.

"Well I know your business is good woman, but you haven't paid me any rent
in over TWO YEARS!"

"By the way, Big Daddy,  I've been  meaning to talk to you about the free
services you have been using."

Big Daddy sat up suddenly, his face turned reddening.  "Bull Shit!  What
FREE SERVICES!"

"Now Daddy, you have been enjoying yourself for free for years.  You bed
three girls a day....drink my liquor....and have your way with me at least
once a night,"  Belle attacked, as she moved to the window, "so....I guess
you are paid DAMN WELL!"

"But THAT'S for love! It has nothing to do with the rent!" Big Daddy shook
with anger.

Belle purred, "Love whom?  The girls? The booze?  Me?"

"Get me another drink." Big Daddy hissed then momentarily succumbed to a
coughing and hacking fit. 

"Belle!  You and me been friends for a long time!"

"That's right ...we have been friends a long time." Belle studied him with
cat eyes.

"Listen Belle!"

"WHAT...I HEAR YOU!" Belle shouted as she prepared for battle.

Seeing the redhead's rising temper, Daddy softened his attack, "Just because 
we're friends doesn't mean you can run your business here for nothin."

"AND I said....you are being PAID in TRADE."  Belle slammed the empty glass
on the dresser.
 
"Since Abe Lincoln let the damn ni... uh, slaves go, times are hard!" Daddy
pleaded.

"Well sugar, I know THAT."  Belle rallied.

"AND WOMAN I SAID I NEED SOME DAMN MONEY - AND A DRINK! And where's
that little 14 year-old blonde?"

"What the HELL do you want with her?  That's my prize....a 14 year old virgin 
is big money."  Belle watched Big Daddy with suspicion.

Big Daddy grinned, "Just teasing you, Belle. Now, come sit on my lap and
give me that drink!"

"Get it yourself."  Belle snapped as she flounced across the room, her drink
sloshing over the rim of her glass.

"GET IT MYSELF!  DAMN, WOMAN!  Don't you have any respect?  And she ain't no
virgin anyway!"

"She damn well better be...I paid her daddy, and I checked her myself this
morning."  Belle tapped her finger against the glass as she watched Daddy 
with renewed wariness.

"If you can pay her daddy, why can't you pay me." Big Daddy roared.

Belle smiled, "Honey, we are friends ....you said so yourself.  You love
me.  So if I GIVE you the girls and booze for FREE....then I stay RENT FREE."

Big Daddy leaned back and studied his wanton woman, "If we're friends, pull
up that pretty red dress and show me those black hose!"

Laughing, Belle lifted the  hem of her working gown  slowly.  "Like this
Sug'?"

"Belle, If you won't pay me at least some of the rent, I'm gonna...."  Big
Daddy paused as his eyes followed the path of the rising hem....ankles....
calves....knees.

Belle held the hem at the top of her knees, "Gonna what, sugarplum?"

"I'm gonna   . . .  I'm gonna . . . DAMN!  Lost my train of thought!"

Laughing Belle replied, "Yes, I've been known to have that effect on MEN."

"I'm gonna take you out to the barn and take it out of your HIDE, THAT"S
WHAT!"

"Really?  My hide?"

"Really!  Now what's it gonna be?  Your money or your hide?"

Belle quietly studied the strong man she adored, then smiling, slowly raised
the hem to her waist,  turned, and wiggled her hips.  "Now sweetie, exactly
how are you planning to take it out of my HIDE," Belle purred, slowly rubbing
her right buttock and thigh, then suggestively licking her lips.
  
Taking a big shot of bourbon, Big Daddy leaned forward, "I'll skin your
backside with a quit for starters, Woman!"

Dropping her dress, Belle headed for the door. "LIKE HELL YOU WILL!!!"

"WHERE THE HELL YOU GOING," Big Daddy roared, hauling his large frame up
from the chaise.  "GET YOUR ASS BACK IN THIS ROOM!"  Then, realizing that 
Belle was about to escape, he lunged across the room, grabbed her arm, and
dragged her back into the bedroom.

Struggling, Belle shouted at the top of her lungs, "BOGGS!!! WHERE THE HELL
ARE YOU!!!  GET THIS FREELOADER OUT OF MY ROOM!!"  Then she leveled a 
withering glare at the wheezing man.

"I'm gonna whip your ass good this time, Belle,"  Daddy hissed, then
hollered to the group of men waiting for his orders below, "LUKE!  BOYS!  
STOP HIM!"

"DAMN IT BOGGS ARE YOU WITH TILLY AGAIN!!!"  At that moment a door at the
end of the hall opened and a large black man came running to aid his mistress
of 20 years.  "LET ME GO, Belle screamed, "BOGGS....STOP THEM!"

But Boggs was a step too slow, and Luke's pistol made a sickening THUD as it
landed with full force on his forehead.  Belle's man fell to the floor, out
cold.   

Having captured the moment, Big Daddy turned to gloat.  "Now then Belle!  Are
you gonna deal with me, or with Luke and these boys that work for me?"

Breathing hard, Belle looked daggers at the group of white trash, renegade
blacks, and carpetbaggers in Daddy's employ.  Then she sneered, "I am sure
THEY were be more exciting than you....but I know your mind...so it will be
you.."

Big Daddy laughed and slapped her ample bottom, "Smart woman.  Now, is it
gonna be your money or your hide?"

"HOW MUCH?"

"$1,000 a month, times 24, Uh, that's $24,000!  Cash on the barrel head!"

"$24,000....HELL....I DON'T HAVE THAT....I PAID THE VIRGIN'S PA $20,000 THIS
MORNING... the best I can do is $5,000."

HELL!  You paid that for the 14 year-old?  Now, I've got even more reason to
whip your ass.   Take her to the barn, Luke!"

"I CAN WALK...LET ME GO LUKE." She snapped, jerking her arm free and walking
toward the barn.

"Luke, catch her and give her your best swat," Big Daddy yelled. 

Needing no further encouragement, the large muscular blacksmith caught up
with Belle in a few small steps, raised his arm high, then swung full force,
lifting the tempest off the ground.

"DAMN!" Screeched the hussy, stopping to rub the spot and study the one
behind the fresh pain.  Luke smiled and saluted her with one finger against
his brow.

Noticing the interest between the two, Big Daddy joined the pair, then
grabbed Belle's arm.  Swinging her back into the direction of the barn, he
threatened, " Get going Belle!"

"I'm going...I'm going." She rallied, at the same time scheming for ways to
use Luke against Big Daddy in the future.  

Opening the barn door, Big Daddy turned back to his men. "You BOYS wait
outside!  And don't bother that blonde kid!"

With rage Belle looked directly at Will, who had shown a definite interest in
the girl. "DAMN RIGHT....I'LL CUT IT OFF THE MAN WHO TOUCHES HER!   YOU 
HEAR?"

"YOU BOYS HEARD HER!"  Then, twisting her arm and thrusting her forward, Big
Daddy gloated, " All right, Belle!  It's the barn for you!  I wanta see that
butt really wiggle!"  Laughing, he slapped her bottom hard.

"ALL RIGHT,"  Belle pouted, changing tactics and slowly cosying up to her
man.  "You know.  It doesn't have to be like this, Daddy" she purred, running
her hand down to his groin and squeezing.

Red faced and gritting his teeth in frustration, Big Daddy grabbed Belle's
hand and roughly jerked her to the barn.  "Get going, Woman!"

"Your loss," Belle crooned. "Could have been real good."

Chuckling he replied, "Might just still be Belle!  We'll just see!" Then he
drew his arm back and swung hard, whacking her ass and lifting her up several
inches.

"YEOOOOO!!!  I'm going!  You don't have to push," screamed Belle,  sparks
shooting from her eyes, along with more than a few from her bottom.

Opening the barn door and bowing as Belle strutted through,  he rebutted,
"You're a proud woman, Belle.  For a Madame that is!!!"  Then, giving her a
final slap, he turned to the group of cut-throats attentively watching.
"Luke. You and the boys wait here."  

After closing and bolting the barn door, Big Daddy located Belle in the
middle of the work area, running a piece of straw along the curve of her
breast.

Belle decided to make one more stab at escaping punishment.  "You know Big
Daddy, I have many tricks we haven't tried yet," she murmured softly, bending
forward as if checking her skirt, giving the hulk two melon-shaped breasts to
ponder.  Then, looking up and smiling at the effect it was having on him, she
purred, " I know my business...and I'm damn good at it."

Big Daddy sneered with passion coming from his darker side,  "Me too, Belle."
Reaching up to lift a trace strap from it's hook, he continued, "And you're
getting ready to see one of my best talents."  Then he slapped the strap
against his leg and roared, "GET THAT DRESS OFF!!  You're about to get a
lesson in fiscal responsibility."  

Slowing lowering her bodice, Belle looked at the barn door, listening to the
men outside.  "What about your men?"

Staring at the rise and fall of her breasts as her anticipation grew, Big
Daddy whispered, "Yeah.  Them boys would give a year's pay to see this."

The mention of money caught Belle's full attention.  She negotiated, "That
would be extra off the rent owed for sure.  Let them in.  If you agree."
Then, watching the massive man's focal point, she wiggled the dress past her
hips.  Stepping out of the dress, she picked it up and placed it over a stall
door.  Finally, smiling at the sound of her sponsor's light panting, Belle
placed her hands on her hips and challenged, "Well?"

"No deal," he coughed.  "Now, your under garments!"  

Running both hands from thighs to breast, Belle asked, "Everything?"  

"Woman, your bare ass is gonna feel this strap!" he bellowed as he slapped
the wall hard with the strap.  "I said, EVERYTHING!!"    

Belle acted as if she hadn't heard him, continuing to disrobe at her leisure
- and his pleasure.  She placed her left foot on a bucket, unsnapped her
garter, then, almost in slow motion, rolled the black stocking down to her
ankle, removed the boot, then the stocking altogether.  After glancing up to
see the effect on this whale of a man, she glowed, and repeated the
performance with her left leg.  As she removed the last stocking, she slowly
stretched it to arms length, ran the silky garment against her open lips, and
raised her eye brows.  Then, as she leisurely ran her hands over her body,
gently caressing her breasts...waist...and hips, she winked.  

Big Daddy turned away thinking, please GOD...don't let me fuck away all the
profits again this year.  Suddenly, noticing ten eyeballs at various points
on the far wall, he pulled out his ivory handled pistol and fired a wild shot
toward the door.  BLAM!!!  "YOU BOYS QUIT PEEKING!" 

Lustfully laughing, Belle crooned, "Let them look.  I love an audience.
Tisk, tisk, Big Daddy.  Don't be a bore."  Slowly, Belle began undoing the
corset laces. 

Swinging  around to face her, he angrily replied, "Alright Belle.  I've put
up with as much of  your shit as I'm going to.  HURRY UP!"

"Why Daddy, I'm disrobing as you asked,"  she answered, feeling her breasts
lift with freedom as she removed the corset.  Moaning to herself she caressed
them, pinching her rock-hard nipples.  Meanwhile, Big Daddy took a deep swig
from the pint of rum he always carried.  Watching her intently, he offered,
"Want a drink, Belle?"  

Tittering she asked, "What...the final drink before the execution?"  Then,
one at a time, she removed the straps of her chemise and slowly lowered it,
along with her bloomers.  

Watching the nude woman pick up clothes and walk across the area to place
them neatly on a stall gate,  Big Daddy set his mind to the job ahead.
"Belle,  you're gonna wish you had took that offer for a drink...after I set
your tail on fire.  You're gonna need it.." 

Looking over her shoulder as she leaned on the gate, her bare tush facing the
man holding the strap, Belle huskily asked, "So Big Daddy, how do you want
me?" 

With eyes glued to the swaying female buttocks that offered more invitation
then challenge,  Big Daddy fought an inner battle for control.  "Over that
bale of hay, woman!  I want to see that lovely ass swinging to the music of
my strap." 

Turning in the direction Daddy pointed and eyeing the bale, Belle dared to
question, "What?  No cover for the hay.  I think not."  Then, crossing her
arms, she took an immoveable position.
 
"DAMN IT WOMAN!  DID YOU HEAR ME!"  Big Daddy bellowed, crossing to where she
was standing.

"I heard you.  And I said ...I DON'T go over raw straw!"  Belle raised an
eyebrow.

Gasping in exasperation, his face crimson, Big Daddy stammered "Then throw
the blasted saddle over the bale and bend over it!"  Then he took a vicious
cut with the strap, barely missing Belle's thigh.

"I'm waiting."  Belle responded, seemingly more interested in the rising
part of him that she intended to mount later than her close call with the
strap.  Seeing him glower at her in disbelief, she continued, "Excuse me?
You're asking me to throw a saddle?  Think again."  

CRACKKK!  This time Big Daddy's strap connected with the side of her left
thigh.  Jumping with new found rage, Belle rubbed the offended area.    

"Get movin Belle!  Or I'll turn you over that bale myself!  Then you'll
really have the Devil to pay," Big Daddy bellowed, as he landed another
glancing blow on the rapidly moving hussy.

Turning to do battle with fiery eyes, Belle hollered, " IF YOU WANT ME TO
BEND OVER THE DAMN HAY...MOVE THE FUCKING SADDLE...I AIN'T YOUR SLAVE!!"

Grabbing the fighting woman, Big Daddy forced her to her knees in front of
the bale.  "GET OVER THAT DAMN HAY!" he roared.  

But the Madame grabbed his buttocks, pulled him closer, then buried her face
in his crotch...and bit down on his penis . . . right through his pants.

"SHIT," Big Daddy screamed.  "YOU SORRY BITCH!!"  Then he powerfully removed
her locked jaw from his family jewels and slapped her away from him.  "BOYS,"
he roared, as he stomped to the barn door and unbolted it, "GET IN HERE!"
Then he turned back to Belle.  "I'll just have 'em hold your ass down!  
Except for Luke!  You'd like that!"  

Bell, aglow in her temporary victory, snickered, "Well, they can move the
saddle then.  The boys will be fine."
 
Eyeing the erotic image of his passion...tousled red hair...heavy 
breathing...a vision of Eve tempting Adam...Big Daddy bellowed, "Bullshit!
There ain't gonna be no damn saddle!"  Turning to face his awestruck he
ordered, "Boys!  Stack two of them bales on top of one another!"  Quickly,
several of the men moved toward the temptress, simultaneously trying to hide
the part of themselves must captured by her.

"THEN THERE AIN'T GONNA BE ANY DAMN BUTT TO WHIP!!" screamed Belle as she 
rose from the dirt floor, brushing off her knees.  Then, seemingly oblivious
to her nakedness, she confronted the six stiff men before her.  She laughed
as the men blushed and tried to look away - all but Luke, that is, who played
with himself as a future invitation to her. 

Regaining control, Big Daddy fired,  "Get your asses going and quit staring
at her!"

"Why Daddy....are you jealous?  I see six husky men...all rising at the same
time.  It seems they're happy to be here."  Then, watching the sneer on
Luke's lips, Belle purred, "Yes, happy as a kitten with a full bowl of cream
in front of her.  And I see something I would just love to lap up."  Then
laughing, she twirled, waving her arms above her head, enjoying the attention
of the men.

"Wait just a damn minute," roared Daddy, "Luke!  Go get Jesse and Tess! 
Them girls don't like her ass anyway! Hurry up!  run!"

Coming to a sharp stop, Belle yelled "What the HELL are you planning now?"

"Darling, after what you've done to them, they'll hold you over those bales
'till Hell freezes over," Big Daddy laughed, then, turning to his men in
disgust, he continued, "These boys can't get their minds on their business!"

Staring directly at the movement in his crotch Belle leered, " And your mind
is on business! Right?"  Then, pacing like a trapped cat she hissed, "They're
probably fucking each other right now.  They won't like the boys bothering
them."

But momentarily, the boys returned with two dilapidated whores, laughing
about the event about to take place, followed by Luke leading a fearful
blonde girl.

Seeing her prize virgin, Belle screeched, " WHAT THE HELL DO YOU HAVE HER
HERE FOR?"

Loosening up his arm with practice swings of the strap, Big Daddy grinned,
"It's a damn shame that our friendship's come to this, Belle!  Alright, 
girls!  Grab her and turn her over them bales!"

Seeing that the two women had every intention of carrying out his orders,
Belle nervously asked, " Big Daddy, what are you planning?"

Flashing a winning smile he proudly responded, "The grandest ass-whippin
this county has ever witnessed!"

Determined to salvage whatever dignity she had left, Belle grabbed up a
horse blanket.  Throwing it over the bales, she assumed the time-honored
position so well-known to children of that era:  arms stretched forward, 
luscious breasts swaying below her, head down, and twin white cheeks high 
over the bales above her, wait to receive the tender mercies of the strap.  
Then, giving the two women a look that would melt an icecap, she hissed, "YOU
DYKES TOUCH ME....AND I'LL CUT YOUR TITS OFF!!"  Instinctively, both women
backed up before they realized there was no where on her person that Belle 
could have hidden a knife.  

Turning to look at her newly purchased virgin, Belle marveled at the man's
cunning.  Choking back her frustration, she groaned, "Great, Daddy, you know
I won't damage my property!  You win, you overstuffed bastard." 

Laughing at the scene before him, Big Daddy gloated, "Now you're using your
head, Belle!"  Then he turned to the others and continued, "Luke, you and the
boys can wait outside.  Jesse,  you get on her right; and Tess, you get on
her left.  If she moves out of position while I'm whipping her, grab her arms
and hold her down.  Youngun, you lay across her feet.  She's a mean one,
Honey, and I don't want her kickin!"  

As the child-woman lowered herself to lie across Belle's calves, the only man
in attendance admired the scene before him: Two jaded women, tousled after
obviously having their private game interrupted; a wide-eyed young girl,
bottom wiggling as she adjusted her own weight; and finally, Belle, in all
her glory kneeling over the hay, upturned buttocks clearly placed for
discipline.  Big Daddy watched intensely as her buns shimmied, quaked, and
trembled,  anticipating the first bite from his strap.  His sex throbbed as 
he spoke, "Belle!  You're a fine lookin woman!"

Laughing as she relaxed a little, Belle glowed,  "Of course I am, Daddy, and
you're about to hit pay dirt."
 
Raising the strap above his head Big Daddy charted his course. "Be careful of
the Youngun now!  I think a hundred ought to teach you some manners!"  Then
he whipped the strap down flush on  the center of the Madame's cheeks with a
resounding "CRRACKKK!"

Belle grunted, but not to be outdone, looked back and countered, "Arthritis
acting up...Daddy?"

"Yours or mine Belle?" Then he swung with full strength and laid one across
the base of her buttocks..." THWACKKK!"

"DAMN!!!" Hollered Belle.  "YOUR'S!!!"

"Watch her girls! Belle's a tricky one."  CRACKKK!  

When the strap left its fourth line of fire across Belle's cheeks, she
clinched her bottom and gritted her teeth to keep from screaming.  Noticing
the change, the man wielding the strap asked, "Having FUN Belle," then laid
another flush on her burning ass.  CRACKKK!  

"SURE DADDY....ISN'T THIS YOUR FAVORITE GAME," she gasped, determined not to
cry,  "WHACK A SLUT!!"

THWACKKK!  He snapped the strap across the base of her buttocks a fifth time,
finally causing Belle to break.  "AGHHHHHH!!" she howled. 

SMACKKK!  Flush on the center of her bottom again.  Belle began to move
slightly from side to side in a futile attempt to avoid the fiery punishment.

"This is no time for a smart mouth Belle!" admonished Daddy.  SMACKKK!
CRACKKK! THWACKKK! CRRACKKK!  SMACKKK!  THWACKKK!  WHAPPP!  WHACKKK!  " I'm
gonna blister your bottom till you can't even sit down on a pillow!"

Crying hoarsely, Belle answered between strokes, "I can't think of a better .
. . SHIT . . . time . . . DAMN . . . to say . . . GO TO HELL!!" 

"Damn Belle!  I admire a little fight in a woman!"  CRACKKK!  "You're a sassy
one alright!"  CRACKKK!  Then, after delivering his best swing to his
favorite spot, he moved closer to get a better look at the dark welts forming
on her womanly tush.

"THEN ADMIRE THIS..." Belle shouted as she rose, kicking the child off her,
then grabbing the quirt from a nearby stool.  Moving quickly she swung at Big
Daddy's face, grazing it.  "HOW DO YOU LIKE THAT!!"

Grabbing the quirt with one hand while circling his other hand under her
breast,  Big Daddy hissed, "How do you like this," cutting Belle across the
front of her thighs with the quirt, and wrestling her to the ground.
 
Fighting like an alley cat, Belle screamed, "IT'S GONNA TAKE MORE THAN YOU
AND THIS LESBIAN GROUP TO HOLD ME!!"  The two rolled across the barn
floor...slapping... biting..panting...becoming more aroused with every
second.  At one point, they paused for a moment with Belle on top, straddling
Big Daddy's thighs.  Breathing hard through masses of tangled red curls, her
massive bosom rising and falling, Belle grabbed her preys cock and squeezed.
"I'll take care of your butt myself," she panted, "think I don't know how to
play rough?"  Then, leaning down, she licked the outer boundaries of his
lips.  Big Daddy took advantage of her position to take possession of both
her full breasts, squeezing hard as his thumb rolled her already hard 
nipples.     

Suddenly realizing they were not alone, he twisted to face the wide-eyed
gaping girl and the two whores, who were busily rubbing each other as they
watched the pair on the floor.  "GET OUT!" he ordered, and the trio turned
tail and vanished.   As the door closed, he upended Belle up and over his
lap.  Belle moaned, both in pain and pleasure, as he slowly massaged her
two swollen orbs, contemplating his next action.  Then he lightly slapped 
each cheek to watch them jiggle.

"Ummmm," Belle purred, "If you still want to blister my ass...it's good and
hot.  But why not switch to your hand.  Of course, that would take a REAL
MAN."  Then she adjusted herself over his firm thighs, arched her back
causing her bottom to rise, and giggled.

SLAP!    SLAP!    Big Daddy delivered  a hard spank to each quaking sphere, "
You're damn right I'm gonna blister you.  Now your ass is really gonna get it
Belle!"  Grasping her firmly around the waist with his left arm and raising
his right knee, he brought the object of his attention into the proper
position. 

WHACKKK!  CRRACKKK!  THWACKKK!  WHAPPP!  SMACKKK!  Big Daddy delivered slow,
firm, hard spanks, careful to see that no part of the woman's tail went
unspanked.  Groaning passionately, Belle spread her legs wide and began
humping his leg.   Seeing the untouched flesh of the her inner thighs and
throbbing pussy,  the enraptured man lets loose a series of hard swats to
those areas. SPANK!  SPANK!  SPANK!  SPANK!  SPANK!

"NO DADDY...JUST THE BUTT...DAMN!!"  Belle cried out, at this new fire spread
over her backside.

"Now we're getting somewhere!"  Big Daddy chuckled, swinging his cupped hand
from cheek to cheek. 

"GETTING WHERE??" Belle moaned, humping faster and faster. "OUCH...NOO!!"

"You'll SEE in a minute,"  he laughed, carried away with his favorite toy.
Spreading her cheeks to expose the hidden crease of tender white flesh, he
raised his stinging hand.

Belle, suddenly aware of what was coming, pleaded for mercy, but her cries
fell on deaf ears.

CRRACKKK!  SMACKKK!  THWACKKK!  WHAPPP!  WHACKKK!  Daddy's calloused hand
blistered the redheads's fiery crimson bottom again and again.

"WAHHHHH!!NOOOOOOO," Belle howled, her legs beating the floor with her toes,
as her arms wave flailed the air frantically.

Grabbing her arm and forcing it against her side, Big Daddy laughed, " You
getting the message Belle?"  CRACKKK!    CRACKKK!   CRRACKKK!  SMACKKK!
THWACKKK!  WHAPPP!  WHACKKK!  He continues pummeling the dark red orbs. 

"What message is that, Big Daddy ....that you're a JACKASS"  She screamed,
suddenly climaxing as she spoke.  "Oh!  OOOH!  OH God, Daddy, Please!"

"I'll probably have to evict some poor damn widow to make up for the rent you
owe me," he admonished with mock rage.  "Shame on you, Belle!"  SPANK!  
SPANK!  SPANK!  SPANK!  SPANK!

"Yeah, Daddy.  AHHHHH!  And I bet your fucking her too"  Belle gasped, 
between pants and moans.  

"Damn smart mouth you have there Belle,"  Big Daddy scolded as he slapped her
hard on the top of her thighs, just at the crease of her buttocks.  CRRACKKK!
CRRACKKK!  CRRACKKK! CRRACKKK!  SMACKKK!  THWACKKK!  WHAPPP!  WHACKKK!  
"You're a tough one," he chided, pinning her wrist to the small of her back,  
"And tough one's get blistered!"  THWACKKK!  SPANK!  CRRACKKK!  SMACKKK!  
SPANK!!!!

"You have to be tough to survive.  Weak women die!"  Belle jerks with the 
whacks to her well-punished bottom.   "Enjoying yourself Daddy?"

The massive man belly laughs,  "Damn right!  How about you, Belle?"
CRRACKKK!  SMACKKK!  THWACKKK!  WHAPPP!  WHACKKK!

"WAHHHHHHH!!  YESSSSS!  Can't you see I'm HAVING...A FUCKING...BALL!!!"

Belle struggled as the man spread her legs apart again.  Then he raised his
hand and brought it lightly but firmly, smacking her sopping cunt again and
again.  He smiled as Belle softly moaned and lifted herself to meet his hand.
Big Daddy ran his fingers around her vulva, then moved inside the rose petal
lips to discover a clit as hard as rock.    

"Ahhhh, YES!!"  Belle lustfully cried out. "I'll do anything Daddy!"  Instead
of replying, he began stabbing her passion hole deeply with his index finger.
"GOD!! YES!!"  Stabbing hard...deep..and fast...over and over.  "DADDY...
DADDY...DADDY!"

He stopped to take in the vision of a woman who was ready to be served for
supper.  Smiling he asked, "You gonna behave now Belle?"  

Moaning, the Madame answered, "Yes, I'll be good now...mmmmm"  Feeling him
struggle to unbutton his pants,  Belle lifted up and skillfully bares the man
like the pro she was.  "Lift..DAMN IT,"  she ordered, smiling at his gasp
when she jerked off his pants.   Both lovers rise; he to remove his over
garments; she to brush the barn trash from her body.

Lying back on the floor, Big Daddy held out a hand to her, "Come here,
woman."  Then catching her pulled as she struggled not to go back down.
 
Breaking free, Belle stood above him with hands on hips, "NOT THE FLOOR!!!
DAMN IT, DADDY!!!  THERE FRESH HAY IN THE THIRD STALL!!"  Then she turned
and walked to the back stall.

Hypnotized by the contrast between Belle's soft ivory skin and her swollen
dark red tush, Big Daddy rose, huffing, " Damn particular Woman."  Then
followed her fiery bouncing bottom as if it were a guiding light.  Reaching 
the stall, he discovered her lying in the straw, spread eagle, with arms 
raised up to him.   Like a man possessed he quickly mounted her.

"Yes."  Belle moaned as she wrapped her legs around him locking them at
the base of his butt cheeks.  She feather kissed his face, then playfully
bit his ears; as he lapped up the moisture of her breast and worked his
way to the dark nipple, pulling hard with his teeth.  Belle cried out, "I
WANT YOU!!"

"Oh God, Belle." he whispered as he lifted on his arms to gaze down on the
woman who had been his world for two years.  She ran her hands over his
chest, finding his hard nipples and rubbing, then lifted herself and licked
each one.  Carried away with passion, Big Daddy crushed her to his chest
groaning, "Want you, Woman.  Oh God, I wan you."  Then he took full 
possession of her mouth as their tongues danced together.  Belle ran her 
hands over his back, then squeezed his buttocks.

Coming up for air, she panted, "I need you, Big Daddy.  NOW!"  Instantly, the
head of his shaft probed her entrance and teased with playful insertions.
Swaying her head in frustration, Belle moaned,  "Want you. NOW DADDY!!"
Bringing her heels forcefully under his cheeks, she drove the object of her
desire inside. He laughed with delighted surprise and began stabbing her 
hard, like a piston.  "YES...FUCK ME...HARDER...HARDER...DADDY...GOODDDD,"
Belle moaned, as the pair move to passion's beat. " NOW DADDY!  AHHHH!!!
YESSS!!"

"OH GOD BELLE!!" he shouted, cupping her stinging buttocks in his hands and
lifting her to get deeper.  Time ceased as they rocked in abandonment, then
as she screamed her rapture, he spurted his glory within. " OH BELLE...OH...
OHHHH...GODD...DAMN GOOD...BELLE!"  Then collapsing on her and kissing her 
gently, he chuckled, "What a fuck."

After a time of soft caresses and kisses, Belle twisted so that she was on
top.  She playfully humped the limp rod and teased his mouth with her massive
breasts.  He licked each one as he rubbed her scorched ass. "Mmmmmm...nice
Daddy."  Eventually, Belle withdrew from the limp rod, then stood and turned
to leave.  Surprised by the change of events, Big Daddy leaned on one elbow
watching Belle's dark red buns swing as she headed to her clothes.  Throwing
her garments over one shoulder, Belle looked back and smiled, "Daddy....if
you want a head start on next month...get your sorry ass up to my room."
Then she rubbed her ass and kicked up a heel before exiting, leaving the barn
door wide open.  

Big Daddy scrambled up and hauled ass right behind her, not pausing to
collect his own garments.  Luke and the boys rolled with laughter as the
couple passed by....Belle strutting like she had won the battle, and Big
Daddy charging like his prize was getting away.  Upon hearing his employees,
Big Daddy halted to glare at his men.  Swallowing belly laughs, Luke and the
boys scattered to take their amusement elsewhere.  "Belle, I'm gonna catch
you and give that fine ass a good spank." Big Daddy roared with renewed rage,
as he watch the shameless woman walk nude through the front door.  


Noisy conversation and the usual sounds of the evening came from the parlor
as Belle entered the foyer.  Seeing Tilly, she motioned to the servant girl
to take her clothes.  Still as bare as a babe and as bold as the hussy she
was, Belle entered the parlor.  

"My, Mayor Clinton....nice to see you too," she laughed to the bug-eyed
politician staring at her.  She worked the room like a cat in heat, stroking
her body as she inquired about her customer's evening and the services her
ladies were providing.  Her body was fully aroused...from her hard dark
nipples to her eyes dark with desire.  Gentlemen reached out to her, but she
skillfully stepped back and glided to the next customer.  As she turned to
the entrance to the room, she smiled at Big Daddy, standing like a proud
rooster, naked as a jaybird with his manhood coming to life.

Though their peers had the desire to laugh at the pair, they were more swept
away by the erotic dance taking place.  Big Daddy boldly crossed the room to
the bar and grabbed a bottle of bourbon.  Turning to the mayor he said,
"Howdy Mayor Clinton.  How's Hillary?"

"Just fine, Monsieur Dupree.  How has your evening been so far?" 

"Why I've been conducting business tonight," Big Daddy answered, as Belle
joined him.  She leaned over the bar to grab two clean glasses, knowing that
full well all eyes in the room were on her rosy, bare butt.  Big Daddy
following the testosterone-loaded looks to Belle's backside, gave it a sharp
crack with his hand.  "If you gentlemen will excuse us, I believe Belle and I
have a few more items to discuss."       

Belle getting off the bar, rubbed the fresh hand print while handing the
glasses to the man who held her attention.  Locking eyes with him, she slowly
licked her index finger from base to tip, then touched the base of his penis
and slowly, gently, ran it over the head; then twirled the finger around the
tip before returning her finger to her lips, and inserting it fully in her
mouth.  As She sucked the finger lustfully, her gaze dropped to the dark
purple head bouncing below.  Smiling with raised eyebrows, her eyes returned
to the man, before turning to the full room, grown quiet with rapt attention.

Laughing Belle said, "Ya'll will have to excuse Daddy.  He's a little
excited."  And just at that moment the energetic rod grazed her sensitive
buttocks, she squealed "GOODNESS!  MY...an eager one, too!"  Then with impish
delight she skipped to the door and turned, "Enjoy....and good night!"    

Big Daddy took a deep swig from his bottle, then crossed the room like a man
ready to conquer.  As he reached the foyer, he found Belle halfway up the 
stairs, leaning on the banister.  Seductively she purred, "Time to take care 
of next month's rent."  Then, giggling like a schoolgirl, she turned and 
bounced up the stairs.  

"I'm right behind you, Belle."  Big Daddy gasped, as he watched her crimson
hips sway and separate on their journey upwards.  Smiling, he thought, here
goes another year's profits!  When he reached the master bedroom,  Big Daddy 
found Belle leaning, arms outstretched, against the bed's foot board - 
leering at  him with a suggestive smile.  He crossed to the head of the bed, 
grabbing two pillows.  Placing them over the foot board, he eased his woman 
forward over them.  Lifting her up by firmly gripping her thighs, he 
positioned her over the frame.  After spreading her cheeks and checking to 
make sure the pussy was nice and wet, he inserted his middle and index 
fingers to get her to the desired level of heat.  

"AHHHHHH...YES DADDY!" Belle lustfully moaned, as he fingered her until she
was breathing hard.  Now, the Madame panted, "NOW TALK BUSINESS...HOW MANY
MONTH IS THIS FOR?"  

Big Daddy removed his hands from her as he picked up a discarded, wide
leather belt.  Belle looked back, her attention centered on the strap in his
hands.  "How many, Daddy," she asked. 

The sound of leather rubbing fabric filled the room as he slowly ran his tool
of dominance over the chaise lounge.  Folding the belt in half, swinging it
in air, limbering his arm,  he finally replied, "Are we talking licks or
months, Woman?"   Then, running the belt softly over her buttocks, he
whispered, "We'll take care of December right now!" 

CRACKKK!  Daddy swung the belt, raising an angry red welt across her tender
magenta bottom. 

"OOOO!!!  HOW MANY," Belle cried.

SMACKKK! He slapped her ass with the belt again - this time slightly harder.
"Oh, I think twenty will be sufficient."  Then he deliberately aimed for her
cunt. WHACK!

"OOOO!! THERE ARE ONLY 5 WEEKS THE IN MONTH!"  

Enjoying the banter, he chuckled, "Oh, well twenty-five then.  Five for each
week."  CRRACKKK!  SMACKKK!  THWACKKK!  WHAPPP!  WHACKKK!

"AHHHH! OOOOOOO!!!  MMMMM!"  Belle rode the foot board as her passion began
to rise. .

SPANK!  CRACK!  WHACK!  SPANK!  SMACK!  "OOOOOO....AHHHHHHH..YESSSSS!"

CRRACKKK!  SMACKKK!  THWACKKK!  WHAPPP!  WHACKKK!

Daddy paused to cheek his work.  As he massaged her glowing tush, he lightly
fingered her cunt, and he listened attentively to her moans.  Dropping the
belt he slapped the woman's blistered cheeks,  enjoying their erotic 
jiggling.  

SPANK!  SPANK!  SPANK!  SPANK!  SPANK!

Sweetly she moaned, "You know ...mmm...this is a nice bed...ahhhh...quite
firm ...yess... like others things in this room." CRRACKKK!  SMACKKK!
THWACKKK!  WHAPPP!  WHACKKK!  "TAKE ME...NOW...THIS WAY!" she pleaded.
Standing directly behind the twin red orbs, he lifted her bottom then jabbed
his manhood inside ...hard and deep.  Running her hands on his bare thighs,
Belle reached back to pull him closer.  He lifted her until her knees were on
the bed; then began to fuck her hard. "YESS...DADDY...SOOOO...GOOOOD!!"  He
grabbed her soft breasts and squeezes.  "SOOOOO HOTT!! YESSSSSSSSSS!!  He
panted and sweated as his desire went beyond the edge of reason. 

" OH...GOD...BELLE," He moaned, coming again.

From the bottom of the stairs, fifteen men stared up to the closed door as.
Belle's scream of passion filled the building.  All had their hands rubbing
their crotches, and some of them boldly brought their firm flesh into the
open to give it the desired attention.

Mayor Clinton turned to leave, "You know, I have a few things to discuss with
Hillary tonight.  Think I'll call it a night."

Senator Gore followed him out.  "I think you have the right idea, Bill.  My
Tipper has been censoring my book collection recently.  I think I know
exactly how to get my message across to her."  The door closed behind them as
the others returned to the women waiting in the parlor.

THE END      
