
                                THE BIG FAMILY 

                                by D. O. Mann 


                                   SUMMARY 



         A newly-wed couple get a flat and go to a farmhouse for help. 
    They find that it is the home of a triple extended family of free love
    folks. They enjoy the complete hospitality of the group before they
    have to continue their journey. 

__________________________________________________________________________ 


         I'm Bruce, and this is the story of a pleasant summer interlude
    that will always be the highlight of our vacation.  Mimi and I had set
    out in our motor home for a vacation, planning to explore the middle of
    Wisconsin.  We had been loafing along country roads, enjoying the lush
    scenery and the sunshine of late spring. Then it happened.  Our
    home-on-wheels let us down. We got a blow-out of the inner tire of the
    dual wheels on the left side.  I was able to get the rig off to the
    side at a fairly level place.  However I didn't relish the thought of
    changing the ruined tire way under the vehicle.

         We were right at the turn-off of a side road that led away through
    the woods.  Mimi and I agreed to go down the lane and see if we could
    get help at the nearest farm.  So we locked up and started our hike for
    help.  It was a long stroll through the woods, but at last we came to
    open pasture. The sight of a large white house and red barn meant that
    help was possibly at hand.

         At the mail box, we gave a double yoo-hoo, bringing out a large
    friendly red dog.  Then out came a middle-aged pleasant woman.  We told
    her of our predicament, at which she said `not to worry'.  We told her
    that we were Bruce and Mimi, and she said her name was Vivian.  She
    said that the men would soon be coming in for lunch, and informed us
    that two places would be set for us.  She invited us into the large
    family room, with a fireplace, several lounge couches, chairs, and
    floor pillows.  As we looked around the huge comfortable room, Viv told
    us that it was the home center for all the people that lived there. 

         "Now don't be too surprised when I tell you that a whole bunch of
    folks live in this home.  We call ourselves `Big Family', and the last
    name for all of us is `Addison'.  You will learn all about us later. 
    First, I hope that you are not prudes, because we don't wear many
    clothes here.  It's almost a nudist colony. Does that bother you?"  I
    glanced at Mimi, and she smiled and shrugged.  I said, "When in Rome,
    fire off Roman candles". 

         Viv chuckled, and said, "Well, don't say I didn't warn you.  The
    dog wears more than most of us until winter comes.  Now I can take you
    into the kitchen to meet the two gals who have lunch duty.  They have
    aprons on, I hope.  Come with me". 

         We went through a big dining room, more like a mess hall, and into
    the large farm kitchen.  Viv introduced us to Mary and Gloria,
    grandmother and granddaughter. Sure enough, they both had big aprons
    on, coming down to their knees, but quite skimpy at the top.  Mary
    seemed unconcerned that her big titties showed at either side of her
    apron.  Likewise Gloria, whose perfect tits were closer together, but
    sometimes showed one rosy nipple or the other as her apron shifted when
    she moved. 

         The cook ladies excused themselves to finish getting the lunch
    ready. It was clear, when they turned, that their asses were bare, one
    flat and mature, and the other projecting round and firm.  Viv saw me
    checking them out and said, "Well, I put this old dress on when I heard
    you out front. If it's all right with you folks, I will shuck it and
    get into my usual costume.  Please let me encourage you two to strip
    down too, so you will fit right in with all the other bare bodies you
    will be seeing when we gather". 

         So after a glance at each other, and another shrug from Mimi, she
    and I disrobed just as Viv was doing.  She said that there were twelve
    of them in the Family, and that everyone was just about to come in to
    eat.  She explained that there were three husbands, Joe, Harry, and
    Bill.  Then there were the wives, Mary, herself (Vivian), and Gloria. 
    All the wives we had seen already.  The kids, she said, were Bud,
    Ellen, John, Tom, Pru, and Didi. 

         "That seems like a lot of youngsters," she said, "But don't forget
    that we have three mammas here.  Each of us has only two, and I have
    twins.  You will soon get to know the loosly knit sub-families.  As for
    fathers, that's a different story. All the men claim each child, and
    that's all right with the mothers." 

         "As for my twins, we suspect that they have different papas. 
    Goodness knows, I was always full of mixed semen at the time they must
    have been conceived.  I wanted to catch, and I hit the jackpot.  Here
    we have lots of love and no jealousy.  As you have gathered, sex is
    very free here.  I warn you that we have no modesty, and use earthy
    words, and affectionate actions all the time.  The kids join in, and we
    all enjoy various unions together. We reject the conventions of incest
    and adultery.  Also we mix in plenty of outside sperm. 

         "Now you know all, and have some choices to make.  You can choose
    to stay conventional guests until you have to leave.  But three of us
    like your looks, and we invite you to be our intimate friends for as
    long as you can stay, enjoying sex fun with the whole family.  I am
    sure Bruce here would like to try us females. And as for Mimi, I think
    that the idea will grow on her, and other things will grow, too. How
    about it, shall I tell the others that you will join in the fun and
    games?  You two strip down most pretty and handsome.  Are you
    newlyweds?"  

         So we told her that we had been married about a year, and that
    Mimi was two months pregnant.  As for free sex, we had both been active
    for some years with others, both before and after marriage.  Viv said
    she guessed as much and said that she was glad that Mimi had caught. 
    She said that Gloria was three months along.  She laughed and said that
    old Joe was taking the credit, but that all the fellows had frequent
    opportunities when she decided to start another baby.  She went out to
    ring the dinner bell.  When she got back she said, "Mimi, can I kiss
    your man before the gang gets here?" 

         Hardly waiting for permission, she embraced my naked self to her
    naked self and pressed her lips to mine.  Wow, it was a high voltage
    kiss, open lips with plenty of tongue play.  I went along with it,
    finally grabbing her ass cheeks. Then we broke, and she said, "We just
    have time for you to kiss each nipple hello.  I will go out back and
    tell the fellows to greet Mimi suitably after they wash up. 

         Then there was a rush of naked kids of both evident sexes, as in
    they came, from John to baby Didi.  They said hasty hellos to us and
    took their places eagerly at the table.  Such a lot of healthy pink
    flesh, just like at a nudist camp Mimi and I had been to once.  Then
    the men came in, Joe, Harry, and Bill.  Mimi got big juicy kisses and
    squeeze-tittie from each one before we sat down to eat. 

         While Mimi was being saluted thoroughly, Mary and Gloria gave me
    welcoming kisses, juicy and hot with plenty of tongue-to-tongue
    caresses. So finally we all were ready to eat.  The kids were
    restlessly eyeing the loaded dishes. 

         We partook heartily of the delicious farm lunch until all were
    full.  Over the table, we discussed our motor home trouble.  The men
    said they would put some tools in the truck and get the wheel off after
    lunch.  That's what happened.  The four of us put on overalls and set
    forth to do the job, which didn't take long, what with the proper tools
    and three skillful sets of hands.  They said that someone would take the
    wheel to town next day and get a new tire put on. 

         On the way back to the barn, Harry and Bill were kidding around
    over who would be the first to ask Mimi for her favors.  I said, "Go
    ahead, fellows. I knocked her up a while ago, and I will be so busy
    with your wives that I can't be noticing which one of you horny goats
    will be riding her first." 

         They laughed and slapped my back.  It seems that they all expected
    to have an evening of sex after supper, to which I looked forward
    expectantly.  We got the truck into the barn, and I got to see the whole
    farm, and help with the afternoon chores.  There were four of us, all
    bare.  Two nude nymphs were also there, Ellen and Pru.  The former had
    a busting-out bust and a neat little bush, while little Pru was as flat
    as a boy, and still showed her childish bare mound, with its cute
    little split below.  Bill commented that Ellen was trying to be a grown
    up woman, but was new at it, while Pru was still tom-boyish. "Sexy
    little devil, though, you'll see this evening.  She has one trick that
    you have to experience to appreciate". 

         The chores got done, and we trooped back to the house to a cold,
    but adequate supper.  Mimi got me in a corner and told me that all the
    women had turns licking her cunt, while she got a chance to taste each
    of the women.  She said she was hot to trot, and eager to be fucked by
    all the fellows, "Including you, you randy old bastard, if you aren't
    too busy with the juicy gals here, young and old." 

         Soon we were all gathered, lounging around a fire in the big
    comfortable family room.  Viv and Gloria were on either side of me,
    while old Joe told us of his experiments with human milk production. 
    He said that his wife, Mary, nursed both her children until they were
    six.  Then she helped the other mothers nursing the new ones.  Now, at
    age 65, she could still give a few drops of milk. Joe said that she
    would prove it to me, and they both urged me to suck her large nipples.
    I did, with no result, and old Joe said perhaps she was finally
    through.  Mary said that there was one trick to try before we had to
    give up. 

         "Put your finger in me and diddle my clitoris.  That makes me give
    down." So I did, and was rewarded with a few drops of grandma type
    milk.  I resumed my position between Viv and Gloria.  Viv said that
    Gloria had gone dry shortly after conceiving.  She, herself, although
    weaning Didi, made sure sure of continuing an ample supply by nipple
    stimulation, and frequent emptying of her reservoirs.  All the men and
    boys, and some females had that chore.  She promised us visitors
    copious swigs from her faucets. 

         "Come on, Bruce, get with it and start loving us up," said Gloria.
    My womb is full now, but my vagina is drooling and yearning to be
    filled.  Come on, give us alternate kisses and play with our titties. 
    Look, your Mimi is getting taken care of by the eager men and boys." 

         So I did, most willingly, while four feminine hands started
    fooling around with my cock and balls.  THey soon had me erect, and
    while I was kissing one, the other was licking and sucking my prick.  I
    got fleeting glances from Mimi, but she was fully engaged with horny
    males. 

         There were two other sex groups, not counting the two oldsters who
    cuddled and looked on, nodding off to sleep once in a while.  Mimi was
    closely engaged by Harry and Bill.  Both had big stiff pricks,
    encouraged by her deft hands, and both were groping her crotch and
    tits.  Soon she had chosen her first partner, and she and Harry started
    a missionary position fuck on some cushions. 

         Bud and John were teasing Ellen into letting one or the other fuck
    her.  John won out with his slim 12-year old prick, which was soon
    sliding in and out of her receptive vagina, while Bud was masturbating
    her clit to make her go off quickly, and give him his turn.  John
    grunted and shot deep in her cunt, which was spasming in a hearty
    teen-aged orgasm.  Bud then took his place, ramming his full sized cock
    into her spermy tube.  Their practiced fucking soon had them both
    gasping in passionate orgasms. 

         Tom and Pru made the third group.  They were both ten, and had no
    pubic hair. But his little prick was super stiff, and he knew how to
    slip it into her small cunt.  They fucked until each had a baby orgasm.
    Then they turned to the adults to enter into the general fun.  Viv
    said, "Look, I will show you what I taught the boys to do.  John, come
    here as I lie back and spread my legs.  Put your cock deep into me, and
    then let's both roll over.  Now I'll lie on your chest and press my
    tits on you.  See, everyone, John is still deep in me.  Now Tom, your
    cock is still stiff.  Just slide it into my cunt along-side John's. 
    Now fuck me, first together, and then alternately. Careful, don't slide
    out, either one. Folks, this is really a family three-way." 

         Ending the demonstration, Viv sort of took over as mistress of
    ceremonies.  She suggested that if Mimi was game for it, that
    undoubtedly all the men and boys would be eager for a chance at her. 
    Randy Mimi smiled "O K" and assumed the position on the floor cushions.
    All the fellows got ready too, and sort of got in line for a gang-bang.
    

         The female types gathered around to watch.  Joe was first, with a
    good old erection, and bothered only a little by his arthritis.  The
    fuck lasted for quite a few minutes.  Mary said that he had been taking
    longer as he got older, but he huffed and puffed and finally shot into
    Mimi's knocked-up cunt. 

         Next came Harry with seven uncircumcised inches.  He made use of
    his powerful physique to drill her deep and screw her hard.  He made
    her come before he squirted his load.  When he withdrew, Mimi's cunt
    was open and really juicy, a fucksome sight for the other fellows.  She
    wiggled her finger at little Tom.  His rod had been stiff since the
    double fuck with Viv.  He threw himself in Mimi's arms, and his prick
    slid right in.  She kissed him and stroked his back as he bucked and
    fucked until his ass cheeks clenched as he went off. 

         Bill was next, with his long dong.  It was thick too, with a
    flaming red head, poised to penetrate Mimi to the hilt.  His was the
    longest fuck, as he used all his expert technique to give them both
    maximum delight.  We cheered them on until he could wait no longer. 
    After the first throb, he pulled out to show us the violence and volume
    of his shoot.  He sprayed her from belly to chin with thick gobs of
    sperm.  We applauded, and Mimi said, "Oh boy, what a drenching." Two of
    the gals licked her clean, and Bud got ready for his turn.  His
    sixteen-year-old prick was maybe the handsomest of the lot, and he
    boasted that he was planning to fuck her twice.  He was eager and quick
    to get a nice shot deep into her squishy vagina. 

         Last was John.  The women said that he had been shooting gysm for
    only a month or so, but seemed to have a everlasting supply.  His cock,
    not too big yet, was super horny, and pointed up to his chin as he came
    up to take his position.  I knew that Mimi liked real stiff young
    pricks, as I had helped her seduce several young bucks from our
    neighborhood.  I didn't mind, as I got the benefit of her passion, and
    the chance to fuck her slippery cunt for longer than usual afterward. 

         John's performance was super sexy, and when he got through, sure
    enough, Bud was erect and ready for his promised second go.  He fucked
    her hard for a long time, but finally Mimi wiggled her ass so expertly
    that she fetched him.  Then they all said that it was my turn to show
    them a husband's fuck of the sort that knocks up brides.  I did my best
    with her hearty assistance, but she was so juicy that I had to use
    fantasy rather than friction to bring myself off.  So her gang-bang orgy
    was over. 

         Gloria now said, "I wonder if he can fuck another pregnant pussy? 
    How about it, Bruce, want to spurt in my knocked-up cunnie?"  She bent
    over the end of the couch, reached around and held herself open for me.
    I managed a halfhearted stiffness, but it was enough to enable me to
    stuff it in her.  Then the next few strokes brought me to full size, and
    I was well on the way to my second fuck up against a pregnant womb.  I
    reached around her hips to grab her swinging tits, already swollen by
    her pregnancy.  I bucked forward, and she bucked back and shuddered
    into orgasm.  Then it was my turn to drench her cunt with my come. 
    Mimi had cooperated by holding my balls, and pressing the root of my
    cock to feel the throbs as I shot.  That was her favorite letch. 

         Now little Pru insisted on being the center of attraction.  Viv
    said that she was the cock expert of the whole group.  She had a book
    in which she kept tab of all prick sizes, normal and erect.  Growing
    ones she measured monthly, and all male visitors were entered in her
    files.  She got the book and a ruler and approached me.  I was relaxed
    after my vigorous fuck in Gloria, so Pru measured carefully and
    recorded 4 1/2 inches of limpness. 

         Then she took it in her mouth and sucked and licked the head.  In
    moments it got real stiff, and she re-measured it at 7 3/4 inches.  She
    had a bit of tape to wrap around the thickest part.  That measured 6
    1/4, and was duly noted. Then she said she was pretty sure she could
    take it in her cunnie, did I want to try to fuck her. 

         The others crowded around to watch as Pru spread her legs.  Her
    brother, who has been fucking her last, licked her slit and left it
    full of saliva. Then it was my turn.  I gradually introduced my
    cock-head between the lower part of her cunt lips.  I glided in a bit
    more, and then had to stop to avoid stretching her too much.  The wise
    little kid then said, "Bruce, just fuck me shallow until you go off.
    Then your sperm in my vagina will help you to put your whole cock in
    before you go soft."   So that's what we did.  I shot, and then pushed,
    and lo and behold, my whole shaft went right up into the stretched-out
    little cranny. 

         Harry took advantage of her being open and slippery, and picked
    her up.  As she straddled his waist, he asked Tom to guide the big prick
    into her waiting tube.  He carried her around and let us all see and
    feel the joining of big cock and little cunt.  He then bounced her up
    and down until she came, but then set her down, saying that he was too
    fucked-out to continue. 

         Now Viv sort of took command again.  She informed me that I had to
    enter each female that I had not fucked, so as to complete the round
    robin.  There were only three, Mary, Ellen, and Viv herself.  Since I
    was hard again after seeing Harry performing with little Pru, I was
    able to kneel between Mary's thighs and give the old lady a series of
    halfhearted strokes.  She soon said she had enough, and uncunted me. 
    Now it was my turn with Vivian. 

         She got down on her side and got me to lie behind her.  She raised
    her leg to expose her entire crevice.  She reached between her legs and
    grasped my hard-on. After a couple of diddles, she guided it into her
    vagina.  She said for all to watch the joining and the motion of cock
    in cunt, calling it a visible or demonstration fuck.  Then she said it
    was Ellen's turn, both to choose the position and to receive me.  I
    felt that I was about at the end of my string, but the welcome of her
    spread legs and the sight of her teen-aged cunt was enough to stiffen
    me for the final effort.  I pushed all the way in and she started such
    an ass-wiggle and cunt-squeezing that I was soon on the way up. After
    some fast and furious strokes, I went off, giving her the last few
    drops of my sperm. 

         We went to our beds, and I gratefully got in with my Mimi, and
    drifted quickly off to dream of family sex with the whole bunch.  When
    I woke, Mimi had already gotten up and gone into the other bedrooms to
    check how many of the fellows had morning boners.  Viv was in bed
    beside me cuddling me and stroking mine.  She said that if I was
    willing, she would suck me off to see if my balls had produced anything
    overnight.  I was able to shoot a respectable load into her mouth. 
    Ellen and Prue were right there to get their shares as the three
    exchanged honey kisses. 

         Viv then said her tits were full and swollen.  To honor the
    visitors, she wanted us to drain her to continue the milk production
    experiment.  So Mimi and I each took a nipple and sucked her sweet rich
    fluid.  Viv diddled her own clit to help her let down the milk.  We
    each got a cup-full of tittie juice to start our breakfast.  We all
    gathered for that hearty meal, naked, of course.  Viv let down enough
    milk to cream every-one's coffee.  Then the older men got dressed and
    set out for town to get me a new tire.  While they were away, I had a
    whole harem of willing females to fiddle around with, and fuck between
    morning chores. 

         Soon the fellows were back and got our motor home ready for the
    road.  Mimi and I had gotten a chance to decide that we really wanted to
    continue our trip.  They did persuade us to stop on our way back for
    another sex session with them.  That was surely the lustiest, biggest
    family that we ever had fun with. 
                                                                                                                       
