Copyright (c) 1997, Drake,    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@airmail.net.






                        Helping Out Sis          
             Story #1 in the Archman Family Series
	     
	      Written by:  Drake
               

                                                
Michael Archman (Mike to  everyone but  his 5'th  grade  school
teacher) sneaked a peek into the partly  opened door of his big
sister's  bedroom.  At the young  age of 10, the  boy  was just
starting puberty, and  lately had  developed a  habit of spying
on his  big sister (Big  sister being  relative.  Mike actually
outweighed  his older  sister by 5  pounds.  Suzy  was only  11
months  older than  mike).  In spite of their differences, Mike
loved his  big sister, and would  have done almost anything for
her.  Today, the boy  was in luck.  Suzy had just returned from
the  shower,  and was  laying naked  on her  bed, reading.  For
several long minutes, Mike  looked at  his sister's  developing
body, taking her in, from  her lightly  rounded little  ass, to
the pert  little bumps  that were, at the  moment, pressed into
the furry  bedspread.  Each  time the  little girl  shifted her
position, Mike  would  get a  glimpse of  another  part  of her
delightful  young body.  Soon, the boy's  cock was  tenting the
front  of his  shorts.  Mike was wearing  shorts, and  not much
else, as  it  was  the  beginning  of  summer, and  85  degrees
outside. For somewhat the same reasons, Suzy was in no hurry to
get dressed, and swelter in her clothes again.

After reading for  about 15 minutes, during which time Mike was
unable to draw himself away  from the door, Suzy started to get
bored  with the  book she was reading, and turned over.  As she
did so, Mike was  treated to a full  frontal view of the little
girl's  pert young  tits, and  the light  fuzz that  topped her
almost hairless little snatch.  This unexpected delight, caused
the boy to suck in his breath with a slight gasp.

Suzy heard  her brother's intake of breath, but carefully acted
as if  she  hadn't  noticed.  Continuing  her motion,  the girl
spread her legs, and lay on her back, giving the boy a complete
view of  her open  little cunt, now  starting to drool cream at
the thought of  turning on her  little brother.  Ever since the
little  girl  had  started  having  periods,  she had  been day
dreaming about  boys, and  possibly even  getting  fucked.  Her
mother had explained to both the children when they were young,
about how babies were made, so Suzy knew what happened.  It was
scary,  thinking of  having a  baby, even  though it  was  also
exciting.  So Suzy mainly  dreamed, not daring to  actually try
anything.

Now, knowing her little brother was sneaking peeks at her naked
body, turned  the little girl on.  She had never thought of her
little  brother  before as a  possible sexual  partner or  boy-
friend, but  the kid  shared  her  good-looks,  was  bright and
friendly, and in general, was  all that a  girl could  ask for.
Suzy  decided  to  try and "make-out" with  her  brother.  They
couldn't actually fuck, as she didn't want to get pregnant, but
there  were  lots of  things two  horny kids  could do  without
actually fucking.  Suzy thought it over, all the time carefully
turning  her body to  give her little  brother fresher and even
more tantalizing glimpses of different  parts of her developing
young body.

How could  she get  the little  boy into her room, with both of
them  naked, without  seeming  like  a slut?  He was  obviously
interested, and from the  shiny head of the oversized-for-a-10-
year-old  cock that was  peeking out  of the top  of the little
boy's shorts, well equipped for the job.

A slight ache in  her neck,  as she  tried to  keep the  boy in
view, in the mirror, gave Suzy the  idea she had been searching
for.

"OW!" said Suzy. "Augh! Oh that Hurts!" The little girl twisted
as if in  pain, and  lay face-down  on the bed, trying to reach
her back as if she were in agony.

Mike  had been enjoying the  show, when he saw his older sister
seemingly  strain her  back, and collapse  onto the bed.  Worry
about  his  sister  being hurt, he  overcame his  fear of being
caught peeping.

"What's the matter, Suzy?" he worriedly inquired.

"My back. It's killing me. I think I got a cramp."  Suzy hammed
it up for all she was worth.

"Shall I go and get Mom?"
     
Their mother was the last person Suzy wanted to see at the door
right now. "No. It'll relax in a minute," she explained. "Maybe
you could help  by rubbing my back."  Suzy carried  on with her
plan.

Tentatively, Mike approached  his beautifully naked big sister.
He  was so  excited, at the  thought  of actually  touching the
little girl's naked skin, he didn't notice the girl's movements
that belied her "cramp".

"You mean like this?"  he said, starting to  massage the little
girl's shoulders.

"Yes, but farther down" directed Suzy.

Dutifully, Mike  started massaging  "farther down" until he was
rubbing the middle of the girl's smooth back.  "How's that?" he
inquired.

"Fine, but harder," requested his sister.
     
Mike was  already rubbing  as hard as he could, the little girl
kept being  pushed  away, when  he tried  to do  it harder.  He
explained this to his sister.

"Why  don't  you  get on  top of me, and  do it."  Suzy  almost
snickered, as she realized how well her plan was working.

"Uh, Suzy," warned Mike, "You're naked, and I..."  How could he
tell his  innocent sister  that he was  sporting a  hard-on for
her.

"That's OK.  I don't mind.  Why don't you take  your shorts off
too, if  that's what's  bothering  you?"  Suzy was  so proud of
herself  for  thinking  up  that  line, she  almost  burst  out
laughing.

"But Suzy, I've got. . . "  He couldn't say it.

"So you've got a hard-on.  Big deal! Just don't try to stick it
in me.  OK?"  Suzy hid  her face  in the  pillow, so her little
brother couldn't see her expression and spoil everything.

Mike couldn't believe his luck. His big sister didn't mind. Now
he could get on top of her, and feel  his big sister's body all
over, under  the pretense  of giving  her a  back-rub.  It  was
almost too  good  to  be true.  Hurriedly  slipping out  of his
shorts, Mike  climbed on top  of his sister, and started to rub
her back.

Suzy was  pleasantly  surprised.  The little  boy was good!  He 
pressed into the small  of her back with his fingers, and began
giving her a massage that  threatened to put the little girl to
sleep. After working a while on her back, the boy began running
his hands  up and  down the  girl's  sides, and  then he  began
rubbing her shoulders like an expert masseuse. Suzy didn't know
it but she had picked the perfect thing. Mike had been learning
to give his mother massages, under the direction of his father,
because the  man was unable  to treat his wife to the long hard
massages that she so loved, so he had started enlisting the aid
of their son.  Mike's arms had  been growing stronger, over the
past few months, and he was getting to be very good at it.

Presently, Mike  had somewhat of a "big" problem.  His cock was
banging against his big  sister's cute little butt, and leaking
clear slippery fluid down into the crack of the little girl's
ass.

Suzy enjoyed the feel of her brother's cock sliding against her
rounded little ass.

"Suzy.  My cock is getting  in the way," said Mike.  "Can I put
it down between your legs for a minute?"  Mike held his breath,
waiting for his big sister to answer.

"Well, OK. Just for a minute. Just don't get any of your cum in
me," agreed Suzy.

Mike continued  rubbing her back, while  he started sliding his
big cock down between the girl's legs.  The boy kept on sliding
his cock  past the  clenched lips  of his big  sister's vagina.
Each time the tip of the  boy's cock slipped by the entrance to
his sister's vagina, he would push the head in a little and let
a bubble of slippery liquid lubricate the girl's little hole.

Suzy felt her  brother pressing the  head of his prick into her
now slippery hole. "Stop it!" she said. "You almost went inside
me that time."

Mike resumed sliding his cock past the lips of his big sister's
vagina.  "Don't you like it?" he inquired.

"Yes, but we shouldn't," she replied. Still, Suzy began working
her hips in time with the sliding of her little brother's cock.
She enjoyed the slip-sliding feel of her brother's cock rubbing
against her pussy lips.

After waiting  a bit, Mike once  again pushed  the head  of his
cock against the opening to his big sister's vagina.

This time, Suzy didn't stop him, as Mike let several big spurts
of pre-cum lubricate his big sister's hole.

"You aren't  cumming  inside me, are  you Mike?" inquired Suzy,
worriedly.

"Just making  it easier for  my cock to slide, while I rub your
back," reassured Mike.

The next  time that  Mike felt  the tip  of his  cock reach his
sister's  hole, he pushed it in a little  harder.  There  was a
popping  sensation, and the  little boy  felt a ring of muscles
slip over the head of his prick.

"You little  bastard.  You slipped  your cock inside me, didn't
you."  There was  no heat in the  little girl's accusation, and
she didn't pull away.


"I've just got the tip in," lied Mike.

"It feels like more than just the tip," grumbled Suzy, but said
no more, as she relaxed into her brother's continuing back rub.

Mike  continued to  rub his  sister's  back.  Only  now, he was
sliding  the tip of his  cock in and out of the lips of his big
sister's  hole, enjoying the  sensations, each time the muscles
of the girl's vagina snapped around the head of his prick.

Suzy knew what her  brother was doing, but was enjoying herself
too much  to object.  After a short while, Suzy started to push
back at her  little brother.  More and more of the little boy's
cock slid  into his big  sister's belly, until the  head of the
boy's prick rested against his big sister's unbroken hymen.

"You'd better not  knock me up, you little bastard," said Suzy,
pushing back at her little brother.

Mike pushed  his cock in and out  of his big  sister, until  he
knew he was close to cumming. "Stop Suzy!" he said. "I'm almost
ready to cum."

"Don't  cum in me!" the girl  cried out.  "I don't  want to get
pregnant!"

"Just wait," he  continued.  "No don't pull off.  Just hold on.
If you pull off, I might cum inside  you before you get all the
way off.  Just  hold still.  Don't move!"  Mike grit his teeth,
and fought  down the sensations  that almost had  him squirting
his seed  all over the inside of  his own sister's tight little
vagina.  Shortly, the boy  felt a slight releasing sensation in
his cock.  He didn't know if what he released inside his sister
was cum, or just more lubricating fluid but his prick was still
hard, and the boy no longer felt like he was going to ejaculate
sticky white baby-juice all over the inside of his big sister's
tight little belly.

"Ooooh.  OK," he said.  "We can continue now."  With this, Mike
started fucking his sister, sliding  his cock all the way up to
her unbroken cherry, and all the way back out.  Back and forth.
Back and forth.  Mike was really fucking his sister now.
     
After a  while, it got  to be too  much for  Suzy.  "Stop," she
said.

"Huh?" Mike asked.

"I want to turn over, so we can do it right," she explained.

"Are you sure?"  Mike wanted to know.

"Uhuh.  If we are going to fuck, let's do it right." With this,
the little girl turned over, and placed  her brother's big cock
against the opening to her vagina.  "Now push," she commanded.

Mike  pushed, and  his cock  slid all the  way up inside of his
sister's belly with a rush. There was a snapping sensation, and
Suzy  felt her  hymen break.  Then  the little  girl started to
climax, knowing that she  had her own handsome little brother's
big  baby-making  cock stuck  all the  way up  inside her tight
little belly, where it belonged.

"Horny little  bastard.  You wanted to fuck me.  Well fuck me!"
she cried. "You'd better not cum inside me though. I don't want
to get pregnant."

Mike felt like he was in heaven.  He began slipping his cock in
and out  of his sister's  belly faster, enjoying the feeling of
his sister's vagina squeezing on his engorged penis.

Suzy loved it.  The girl hadn't realized how good it would feel
to be  fucked.  Soon, Suzy  found herself  in the  throes  of a
another even  mightier climax.  "Cum.  Cum.  Cum.  I'm going to
cum!" she panted.

"Suzy don't," warned Mike.  "You're going to make me cum inside
you."

Suzy was too far gone to stop. The climaxing young girl wrapped
her arms and legs around her brother in a death-grip and worked
even harder.  "Unh.  Unh.  Do it," she encouraged, not  letting
him go.  "Squirt your  cum in me.  Knock me up."  Suzy couldn't
believe the words she heard coming out of her own mouth.

Mike couldn't help himself. The boy began ejaculating big slimy
ropes of thick white baby-making  sperm right up inside his own
sister's  tightly  squeezing  little  belly.  Rope  after thick
sticky  rope of  incestuous  sperm squirted  into the  spasming
belly of the little 11 year  old girl, until both siblings were
panting with  exhaustion, and Mike  had emptied  his balls into
his sexy big sister's receptive young womb.

"Sorry sis," he apologized, "I couldn't help it. Why didn't you
let me go?"

"I couldn't," replied  Suzy, still  panting.  "It felt so good,
feeling you squirt that white stuff that makes babies up inside
my belly, trying to knock me up."

Mike had  to agree.  It had felt so good.  "Are you mad at me?"
he asked.

"No, mainly, I'm mad at myself," replied Suzy.

"Why?  I thought you said you liked it."  Mike was confused.

"I did.  That's why I'm mad at myself.  When I think of all the
wasted time, when we could have been doing this, I get mad."

"You mean you'll  want to do it again?"  Mike couldn't  believe
his luck.  "I thought you were scared of getting pregnant."

"I am, a  little.  Still,  even the  thought, that  I might  be
carrying your baby  inside my womb, is kind of sexy.  Don't you
think?"

Mike had to agree.  The thought of his baby, growing inside his
big sister's  cute little  belly, making  it bulge, already had
the boy's penis swelling, and wanting more.

After a  bit, the  relaxation of  after-sex letdown lulled Suzy
into  falling asleep  right where  she was.  Shortly, Mike  was
napping alongside his big sister also.

It was in  this position, the  two siblings sleeping, Suzy with
her brother's  sticky white  sperm slowly  welling  out of  her
newly  stretched  little  hole, and dribbling  down her  thigh,
while  a matching  glob of  white  seeped  from  the end of the
little  boy's prick,  that their  parents  found  them, about a
half-hour later. But that's another story.


Drake















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....