
                            Clyde -A Fucking Biker
                               by Lance Kester

        (This is a true story that took place some years ago before the 
         days when safe sex was a national concern.  It is written for
         your pleasure, but with the WARNING that, as told, these things
         would not be healthy sexual activities in our time.  L.K.)
				
        I met Clyde at a friend's house. The three of us sat around having 
   drinks and making small talk.  When Clyde went to the bathroom, my 
   friend told me he had messed around with Clyde off and on for several 
   years, and that I should try to get Clyde in bed if I could.  I asked 
   what he did in bed, but my friend said I would have to find out for 
   myself.
        When Clyde returned from the bathroom, I looked him over good.  He 
   was tall and very dark with rugged good looks. I especially looked at 
   his tight jeans which revealed a good size bulge in his crotch.  Clyde 
   was a dedicated biker but a loner.  He rode around the country whenever 
   he could get away from home and wife, but he never rode with a gang.
        The next time I saw Clyde, we were again at my friend's house.  
   This time there was a party going on.  I got Clyde aside and asked him 
   if he would like to come with me to my place to smoke some pot.  He 
   quickly agreed, and we slipped away unnoticed.
        Usually, pot raises my courage to seduce and lowers the resistance 
   of the one being seduced.  However, with Clyde I just could not get 
   nerve enough to pop the question to that huge hunk of a man sitting on 
   my sofa.  Moreover, Clyde was conversationally gifted and able to 
   entertain and delight with his talk.  This threw me off course.  
   Usually, the rugged, young men I bring home have so little 
   conversational ability that silence forces the situation toward a 
   sexual activity.  But with Clyde there was never an awkward silence.
        Finally, I resorted to the most primitive but often the most 
   effective of all actions.  In the middle of one of his sentences, I put 
   my hand on his crotch.  Without missing a beat, he spread his legs to 
   give me a better feel and at the same time completed his sentence.
        "You want that sucked?" I asked as I squeezed a hardening dick.
        "Sounds good," he answered.
        I took him to the bed room where he very casually started 
   undressing.  I had to help him pull off his large black boots.  Until 
   that second I had never noticed boots very much.  But pulling them off 
   Clyde sent shivers over me.  Naked he climbed on the bed, put a pillow 
   under his head along with his hands and spread his legs for my 
   attention.
        I paused and looked at that hunk of mankind spread out on my bed 
   giving himself to me.  His dick stood fully erect and about the size of 
   the handle of a leather whip.  I knew I was in for a good beating with 
   that whip, but putting it up my ass was out of the question.  It was 
   too big, much too big.
        If I suspect a guy with huge dick wants to fuck me, I fall on him 
   with my experienced mouth and try to get him hot and off before he has 
   a chance to get behind me and rams my ass with a pole size dick.  Big 
   is fun but there has to be a limit, and I put Clyde's fat, long dick 
   beyond that limit.
        If I could not take it up the ass, I was determined to take as 
   much of it down the throat as possible.  I wet his cock running my 
   mouth all over it, and then I plunged as much of it as I could down my 
   sucking mouth and throat.
        Clyde responded with a sigh and then said, "That's good."  
        Next he put a hand on my head with an appreciative rub. I love it 
   when a man responds with more than his dick when getting a good blow job. 
   If they touch me or speak words of encouragement, I really get turned on 
   to pleasing them even more.  Clyde both touched me and spoke to me during 
   sex.  Consequently, I went wild trying to make him feel good.
        I moved up to his tits and nibbled on them.  He let out a moan, and 
   I knew he was ready for the works.  I looked into his dark blue eyes, and 
   we both smiled in mutual pleasure.  I went for his lips and he gave me a 
   long passionate kiss.  Then he took my head in his big hands and pushed 
   it back to his hard dick.  I returned willingly to that huge biker meat.  
   But I was about to cum because of his kiss.  I fell on that dick and really 
   gave it a sucking going down as far as I could.  The head of it was 
   pushing into my throat but it was just too big to go all the way down.  In 
   less than two minutes, he let out a groan and fired a load of hot cum into 
   my mouth.  It was a drink of the gods.
        Afterwards he dressed as casually as he had undressed.  He was 
   completely guiltless -something many married men have to overcome.  He 
   was willing to carry on an unstrained and friendly conversation.  When 
   he was about to leave, I asked if he could come back sometime, and he 
   said he would love to.  Then for some reason I said something I had 
   never said to a man out of bed.  I told him I would like to lick his 
   ass next time.
        He smiled broadly and said, "Sure thing."
        I knew by the way he smiled that I had hit pay dirt, and I 
   wondered when I would next see him.  I did not wonder long, for that 
   very night he called and asked if he could come over. 
        When he arrived, it started out as a repeat of the afternoon's 
   action except this time Clyde spread his legs a little wider and I knew 
   he wanted me to make good on my promise to lick his ass.  I started 
   with his balls, the door knockers to a man's ass.  If a man likes his 
   balls sucked and licked, then I move under his balls with an 
   exploratory tongue.
        Clyde was ready for my tongue and spread his ass checks and pulled 
   his legs to his chest exposing and giving me full access to his shinny 
   white bottom.  What a beautiful moon it was.  I dove right in tongue 
   first without hesitation.  Clyde shuttered all over and whispered, "Oh, 
   that's good, really good."
        Give me that much appreciation and encouragement and I go wild.  I 
   lost track of time and just concentrated on eating his ass.  I tongued it. 
   I kissed it.  I filled it with my spit and put my tongue in as far as it 
   would go.  Clyde made little happy sounds and let me have my way with his 
   ass.
        After a while I came up for air and asked how he liked it.  
   Without a word, he pulled me up across his muscular chest and gave me a 
   deep, appreciative kiss.  That did it!  I was his.  
        I asked, "What do you want?  I'll do anything for you."
        For him those were the magic words.  He sat up in bed, looked me 
   straight in the eyes and said, "I want to æuck you."
        I felt weak with the desire of passion and conflict.  I really 
   wanted him to fuck me at that moment, but could I take it?  Would I be 
   able to walk for a week?  
        As I hesitated, he said very gently, "Please."
        I was rendered helpless, and we both knew it.  I told him to lie 
   on his back.  I got the lubricant and started putting it on that huge 
   cock while he smiled in eager anticipation.  I lubricated his dick very 
   profusely and then did the same thing to my ass, pushing first one and 
   then two fingers in my hole trying to get it ready for something a lot 
   bigger than a finger.  Next I climbed up on Clyde and slowly began to 
   sit on that hot, hard dick.  At first only the head of it would go in, 
   and I was sure that was all I could take.  I stopped and Clyde made a 
   slight upward motion with his dick.  I told him to wait until I was 
   ready.  In the mean time my ass was burning, hurting, and sending my 
   brain a lot of messages saying, What the hell is this?  No way!
        But I was sending my ass a message that said I was going to have 
   at least a part of that dick in me.  About then my ass muscles relaxed 
   a little and three or four inches of his dick slipped into my hole.  I 
   was sure that was as much as I could take.  I reached down and felt 
   about four inches more of his dick still waiting and wanting to get 
   into my ass.  And that was the largest part of his cock!  I decided he 
   would have to leave that part out and fuck only what I could give him.
        I looked into Clyde's face and saw that he was in ecstasy.  I 
   don't know what my ass muscles were doing to the front part of his 
   dick, but his face was aglow with pleasure.  When I saw the joy he was 
   experiencing my ass relaxed again and the rest of his dick slid fully 
   into me.  He cried out, "Oh yes!"
        He was in paradise and I was in a cold sweat.  But seeing the 
   pleasure my ass was giving him made me hot.  I leaned over and kissed 
   him on the lips and he looked at me as if I were the best thing he had 
   ever fucked.  I melted again and heard myself say, "Okay now, biker man, 
   fuck me.  I'm yours."
        He needed little encouragement.  He was born to ass fucking.  He 
   laid into me and I remembered what I had long ago discovered, a really 
   big dick with the right man can hurt less than a small dick with the 
   wrong man.  Clyde was the right man with a big dick, and I gave him my 
   ass any way he wanted it.  He knew exactly what to do with it in many 
   different ways.  He fucked me over him, under him, and beside him.  I 
   had tasted his cum in the afternoon so I knew it would be a while 
   before my ass felt his cum, and that suited me.  I was getting one hell 
   of a fucking, and I wanted to enjoy every moment of that big dick 
   pounding into me.
        "I love to see my dick going into a man's ass," he said.
        "And I love feeling you dick going into mine," I responded.
        That seemed to make him hotter and closer to cumming.  He 
   positioned me for his climax by putting me on my back and holding my 
   legs straight up in the air.  He did not lean over me but stayed 
   upright so he see his dick slipping in and out of me.  He pulled it 
   almost out and then pressed it back.  He did not fuck hard, just 
   steady.  And every time that long cock came crashing up my hole, my ass 
   muscles grabbed it and sent shivers of pleasure through Clyde's big 
   frame.  My own dick was drooling juice as my prostate gland was getting 
   the massage of its life.  Just then Clyde could take no more.  His face 
   contorted.  He groaned and thrust his rock hard dick to the deepest 
   part of my ass and shot his cum in me.  I could feel the load rushing 
   from his dick.  I grabbed my own dick and in a few jerks had my cum 
   flying across my stomach and hitting my chin.  He left his dick in me 
   for while as it grew soft.  It felt good having our bodies joined in 
   joy and pleasure.  It was a great fuck.  We both knew it, and both were 
   reluctant to separate and end it.
        After that night I saw Clyde about every three months.  I guess he 
   would get bored with his wife and hunger to see his big dick sinking 
   into an appreciative man's ass.  He could and did sink that big dick 
   into my ass any time he wanted to.

