

N.B.  This story is a work of fiction, so any similarity to persons 
living or dead is purely coincidental.  This is a bondage fantasy which 
includes tickling and sexual teasing.  If this is not your cup of tea, or 
if you are not 21 or over, STOP READING NOW.  However, if you are a 
mature adult who enjoys the thrill of and psychology of capture and 
betrayal, enjoy.  If you have comments, DO NOT e-mail them to me!  Send 
them to a.s.b. instead.  And now, on with our story...


			BIKINI PARTY BOUND, pt. 2


"Let me get this straight," Theresa said to her friend Sue.  Your
boyfriend wants you to tie him up, but you don't know how.  And you've
invited me over to your pool party two hours early so you can practice by
tying ME up!?!"  "That's right," replied Sue.  "Could you help me?  Oh
please?  Besides, it might be fun.  Don't tell me you've never wondered
what it would be like.  I'll even let you tie me up, too.  We'll take
turns.  Pleeeeease?"  Theresa wouldn't admit it out loud, but she found 
the idea of being tied up strangely exciting.  So, after several more 
minutes of pleading and coaxing, she finally agreed to help out her friend.

"Oh goody," exclaimed Sue.  "I knew you wouldn't dissappoint me.  Come 
on, I've got some stuff in the bedroom!"  The two bikini-clad beauties 
retired to the bedroom of Sue's apartment.  On her bed were several 
lenghts of soft cotton rope, along with a bright red ballgag and some 
rolls of Ace bandages.  "You've really prepared for this," Theresa said 
suspiciously as she sat down on the bed and fingered some of the coils of 
rope.  "Mark gave these to me," Sue replied.  "The rope has been 
specially softened so that it won't chafe.  We'll get to the other stuff 
later."  Theresa looked up at her friend, then put her wrists together 
and extended them out in front of her.  "O.K.  Tie me up."

Sue took a length of rope and wound it, not too tightly, around her
friend's wrists, then knotted the ends.  Next, she wound another length of
rope around Theresa's ankles, tying the knot in front.  "O.K., she said,
"let's see if you can get loose."  Theresa looked thoughtfully at her
bound wrists for a moment, then began struggling.  As neither the bonds
nor the knots were very tight, it took only a few minutes for her to
wriggle free of them. "Ta-da," she shouted as she freed herself.  "that 
was easy!  Now its my turn!!"

Sue obediently crossed her wrists in front of her.  "Oh, no you don't," 
cried Theresa, "that's too easy.  Turn around and cross your wrists behind
you!"  Sue did as she was told, and Theresa bound her crossed wrists with
a length of rope.  She took another and wound it around the standing
woman's ankles.  A third length of rope was tied around her legs below the
knees. Theresa next took several more lengths of rope and, knotting them 
end-to-end, wound them round and round Sue's bikini-clad form, until she 
was encased in a web of ropes.  Grinning mischievously, she wound one of 
the Ace bandages around her head over her mouth, until all of her face 
below her nose was covered.  "There," Theresa said triumphantly, "Wriggle 
free from that!"

Theresa wriggled and squirmed.  Although her friend had used a lot of rope
to bind her, her had not applied it systematically or cinched any of the
bonds.  Thus, after sveral minutes of wriggling, Sue had freed herself of
the web of ropes that encased her, and they lay in a pile at her feet. 
After a few more minutes, she had worked her wrists free and, moments
later she had freed herself completely.  "Darn," Theresa pouted, "I really
thought I had you.  This is actually kind of fun."  Sue smiled to herself. 
Her trap had been set perfectly.  Now it was time to spring it.  "That was
pretty good," she replied, "But now it's my turn again.  I've got a few
ideas..."

Sue instucted Theresa to sit on the edge of the bed with her hands placed
wrist-to-wrist behind her.  Taking one of the lengths of soft cotton 
rope, she wound it several times around her friend's wrists.  This time 
she carefully wound two turns BETWEEN Theresa's wrists, cinching their 
encircling bonds snugly.  She knotted the ends carefully, making sure 
that the multiple knots were placed well beyond the reach of her friend's 
probing fingers. Next she securely tied together and cinched Theresa's 
shapely legs, once at the ankles and again just above the knees.  With 
another lenght of rope Sue tied and cinched Theresa's arms just above the 
elbows, drawing them nearly together so that she was forced to thrust her 
chest forward.

Theresa wriggled and tugged at her bonds.  "These seem really secure.  Are
you done," she asked hopefully.  Sue looked down at her in mock
thoughtfulness.  "I'm not quite done," she replied thoughtfully.  Taking a
long piece of the cotton rope, she wound it several times around Theresa's
upper body just below her breasts, pinning her arms to her torso.  Three
extra turns of rope passed just above Theresa' breasts.  Her chest ropes
were then cinched by more rope passing between her arms and body.  When
pulled snug, the cinching ropes not only secured her chest bonds, but
pulled them tighter, so that her breasts were forced by the ropes above
and below them to bulge enticingly against her bikini demi-bra. 

Theresa wriggled and struggled, but to no avail.  No matter what she
tried, her bonds remained snug and secure, while Sue's cunningly placed
knots always seemed just out of reach.  In frustration, Theresa clenched
her fists and shook her torso to and fro, but only succeeded in putting on
a great show with her stunning breasts, which perpetually seemed on the
verge of popping out of her yellow bikini demi-bra.  She looked up at her
friend.  "I don't think I can get loose," she beseeched.  Sue carefully
inspected her prisoner's bonds, making sure that she was indeed helpless. 
"Don't give up, I think you're making progress," she lied.  Then a
devilish grin crossed her face.  "You gagged me before.  I think that it's
only fair that I gag you now," she said, picking up the bright red
ballgag.  "Wait a minute," Theresa protested.  "You don't need that!  
Please don't gag mmph!  Ungh, ungh! Mmmmph!!"  "There, that's better," 
Sue smiled as she buckled the ballgag's strap tightly behind the nape of 
Theresa's neck.  "Nice and quiet!"

"Mmmph!! Unngh, hmmph. MMMMPH!!!"  The ballgag, stuffed snugly behind 
Theresa's teeth, stretched her lips tight.  Her eyes widened as Sue 
placed a folded handerchief over her gagged mouth and wound an Ace 
bandage tightly over that.  Now the only sounds that emerged from the 
helpless girl were tiny, faint grunts and squeals.  Theresa renewed her 
struggles with a frenzy, but several minutes of wriggling and thrashing 
left her sitting with her chest heaving from exertion, but just as 
securely bound as before.  She looked up to see Sue standing over her, a 
satisfied smile on her face.  "Stand up, dearest, I'm not quite done with 
you yet."

Something new in her friend's voice sent a shiver of fear through the 
helpless beauty as her friend took her by the shoulders and stood her 
up.  Theresa wobbled unsteadily on her white 4" high-heeled sandals as 
Sue picked up another lenth of rope and doubled it.  "You've flirted with 
and stolen one too many of my boyfriends, my dear," she purred as she 
looped the doubled rope around Theresa's waist and passed the free ends 
through the loop, letting them hang in front of her.  "I'm going to make 
sure that you don't steal any at THIS party."  Sue pushed the free ends 
of the waist rope between Theresa's legs, then pulled them up between her 
bound wrists.  As she pulled the ropes tight with an evil grin, they 
pressed tightly against the Theresa's sensitive pussy!  The bound beauty 
writhed against her bonds and squealed into her gag, but she could not 
prevent Sue from wrapping the ends of her crotchropes around her bound 
wrists.  "Think of this as your chastity belt for the afternoon," laughed 
Sue as she secured the knots out of reach of Theresa's flailing fingers.

Ignoring her prisoner's beseeching eyes and plaintive squeals, Sue walked 
behind her.  "Those big boobs of yours look SO uncomfortable," she 
sneered.  "Here, let me help you!"  As the helpless girl looked wide-eyed 
over her shoulder in fear, Sue undid the knots of Theresa's bikini bra 
and pulled it off!  The release of pressure and the cool air hitting her 
now-bare breasts caused her nipples to harden almost immediately, causing 
her to blush in embarrassment and shame.  "Ooh, getting excited, are 
we?"  Sue sneered as she forced her captive to lie down on her side on 
the bed.  "I think I'll take you sandals, too.  They might make too much 
noise!"  For some reason, it seemed terribly important to prevent this 
final indignity, so Theresa bucked and kicked with renewed strenght.  
However, in spite of her best efforts, she could not prevent her captor 
from eventually rolling her onto her stomach, folding her legs back so 
that her heels touched her buttocks, and running a rope from her bound 
ankles to her wrist bonds, hogtying her.  It was then easy for Sue to 
unbuckle and remove her sandals.

As a final insult, Sue took a white lace from one of her tennis shoes and 
used it to tie together and cinch Theresa's two big toes, making a nice 
little bow in front. "I've just thought of a nice punishment for your 
crimes," Sue laughed.  Gripping Theresa's shoulder with one hand, forcing 
her to remain on her stomach, her captor said, "I've heard that the worst 
torture is to tickle somone's bare feet.  And your little feet are so 
cute with their high arches and little button toes.  I wonder if you are 
ticklish there!"  With that, she began running one of her long 
fingernails lightly up and down the soles of Theresa's feet.

At her captor's words, Theresa renewed her squirming and mewling, for she 
was indeed VERY ticklish, especially on the soles of her sensitive feet.  
When the tickling actually began, it sent waves of spasms through her 
entire body.  She writhed and squirmed and wriggled, but her bonds held 
her fast.  Her fingers strained and fluttered uselessly in the air.  The 
bonds around her big toes prevented the helpless beauty from even using 
one foot to cover the other, so she could only curl her dainty toes in 
defense.  Sue then simply moved to Theresa's heels, stroking them until 
the ticklish girl relaxed her toes, then renewing her attack on the soles 
of her feet.

Sue relentlessly tickled her helpless captive's feet for fifteen 
minutes.  Theresa's eyes were wide and frantic, her moans and grunts had 
taken on an increasingly desperate tone.  Suddenly, the doorbell rang!  
Reluctantly, Sue stood up.  "I'd love to stay and find out where your 
other ticklish spots are, but my guests are arriving.  I'm leaving 
instructions that my bedroom is off limits, so you won't be disturbed 
during the party.  I was going to let you go after everyone had gone, but 
I like having you tied up like this so much that I think I'll keep you a 
little longer.  Don't worry... If anyone asks where you are, I'll tell 
them that you got tied up and couldn't make it!"  And with that, Sue 
skipped out of the room, locking the door behind her.

END OF PART 2..


			BIKINI PARTY BOUND, pt. 3


Theresa lay on her side on the bed, her stunning chest heaving.  As she
tried to catch her breath, she surveyed the dilema she found herself in. 
She had come to her friend Sue's house expecting to attend the pool party
she could hear going on outside the bedroom door.  Instead, she found
herself nearly nude, the only clothing on her stunning 5'3" 37-23-35 body
a tiny, bright yellow string bikini panty.  Her wrists were bound and
cinched palm-to-palm behind her.  Her elbows were likewise bound and
cinched, nearly touching behind her.  Chestropes above and below her
breasts held her arms to her bare torso, and these bonds were cinched
between her arms and body.  Her legs were tied together and cinched snugly
at the ankles and just above the knees.  A rope from her ankles to wrists 
had her helplessly hogtied.  Worst of all, she was crotchroped, and any 
movement of her tied hands or feet increased the pressure on her 
sensitive pussy.  A ballgag was tightly buckled behind her neck, and over 
that a folded handerchief was held in place by layers of tightly wound 
Ace bandage.  Even her two big toes were tied together and cinched with a 
white shoelace.

There was no question about it, Theresa was almost completely immobile,
and effectively silenced as well.  She had screamed as loudly as she
could, but she knew that the pitifully faint, muffled sounds that came
from behind her gag could not possibly be heard on the other side of the
bedroom door.  She had writhed and wriggled and probed her bonds for 
nearly an hour, and the ropes remained snug and secure, the knots 
tantalizingly out of reach of her fluttering fingers.  Now, as she lay 
panting behind her gag, her magnificent chest heaving from her exertions, 
the helplessly bound and gagged beauty could only wait for the party to 
end and for Sue, her erstwhile friend and captor, to return.  Theresa 
shivered at the thought, for Sue had tickled her feet mercilessly, and 
had promised to tickle torture her some more when the party guests had left.

As she lay helplessly, Theresa became aware of strange and disturbing new 
thoughts and sensations.  To her amazement, a part of her found her 
captivity strangely sexciting.  The crotchropes had stimulated her in 
spite of herself, and the soft blankets of the bed rubbing against her 
sensitive nipples had been arousing as well.  Her trashing as she had 
been tickled had increased the stimulation to both of these areas, while 
the thought of being totally helpless had been the most arousing of all.  
Theresa would some day find a way to repay Sue for this, but for now she 
would lay back and enjoy the strangely exciting predicament she found 
herself in.  It wasn't as if she had any choice...

The helplessly bound girl's reveries were suddenly broken by the sound of
a key in the lock!  The sounds of the party were still audible outside. 
Maybe Sue had taken pity on her and was coming in to set her free...
Instead, a strange man, very goodlooking, came through the door, quickly
shutting and locking it behind him.  For a split second, the two stared in
amazement at each other.  Theresa could see that he was getting an
immediate hard-on underneath his swimming trunks.  Certain that she was
about to be raped, the helpless girl began thrashing and screaming wildly. 
The man came over and spoke soothingly, trying to reassure her.  "Hi.  I'm
Sue's friend Mark.  I'm afraid that I'm in on Sue's little scheme.  In 
fact, I'm that one that taught her how to tie you up."

Not at all reassured, Theresa frantically squrimed and screamed into her 
gag, but all that emerged was a faint, frantic mmphing.  She rolled over 
onto her stomach, trying to hide her bare breasts from the intruder.  
Mark softly stroked the frightened girl's hair, trying to calm her.  
Softly, her spoke... "I'm here to make sure that you don't get hurt and 
are reasonably comfortable.  Is there anything I can get you?"  The bound 
beauty stared at him for a moment as if he were crazy.  Then a different 
plan came to her.  She rolled over onto her side, exposing her 
magnificent breasts.  She smiled to herself when she saw Mark's eyes 
widen. Theresa put on her saddest expresion and looked down at her 
crotchropes, mewling pitifully into her gag.

"That IS kind of mean," Mark said when he realized what the bound girl
meant.  "Let me at least undo that."  A few moments later, he had gently
undone her hogtie and crotchrope.  Theresa cooed softly as she stretched 
her bound legs.  She had seen Mark's expression as he had looked her up 
and down.  Even though she was completely bound and gagged, she might 
still be able to work her feminine wiles on this hunk.  It would take a 
lot of skill and delicacy, though...  She sidled up against him as he sat 
on the edge of the bed.  Looking deep into his eyes, she rubbed her 
shoulder against his, then rubbed her bound legs against his thigh.  She 
fluttered her eyelashes and gave him hermost innocent look.  "Please let 
me go," she mmmphed into her gag, "I'll do ANYTHING."  She even lightly 
rubbd her breast against Mark's arm.

Mark smiled softly at her.  "Here, let me undo those."  Soon Theresa's
chestropes were gone.  Moments later, her elbows and wrists were free. 
Instead of untying her ankles and knees, however, Mark quickly retied and
cinched the confused girls wrists in front of her "You're very good," he
whispered.  Sue warned me that you might try something like this."  
Theresa bucked and kicked, but she soon found herself tied face up, 
streched out over the bed.  A strong rope secured her bound wrists over 
her head to the bed's headboard.  Her ankles and knees were bound as 
before, and her ankles were lashed securely to the bedrail.  Her gag was 
still in place.  Mark adjusted the shoelace binding theresa's big toes 
and smiled at the bound beauty stretched out before him.

"We've got at least another hour to kill before the party breaks up and 
Sue comes back, he said.  "What should we do?  Sue said that you were 
very ticklish on the bottoms of your feet.  "Is that true?"  The bound 
beauty gave a terrified squeal and strained against her bonds, but she 
reained stretched over the bed, totally exposed.  For several minutes 
Mark tickled the sensitive soles of Theresa's feet as the poor girl 
thrashed and bucked, her fingers fluttering in vain to reach the knots 
that held her fast.  Next Mark explored Theresa's ribs and underarms.  
The poor girl thought that these new sensations would drive her insane, 
so intense was this new tickling.  As he kept up his remorseless attack, 
Mark knelt down and began to lick and suck on Theresa's breasts, lightly 
biting her nipples.  The bound beauty was horrified to find that her 
pussy was becoming wet from this unwanted attention!  No area of her body 
was safe from Mark's tickles, licks and caresses.  Just as she thought 
she was going to explode, Theresa heard the bedroom door open.  She heard 
Sue chuckle and say, "Ah, Mark.  I see that you've introduced yourself.  
Now, what can we do next..."


				FINIS 




--
acs@wizvax.com			(Automated help)
wi.admin@wizvax.com		(ACS Administrator)
uunet!wizvax.com!wi.admin
To reply to this, email to the wi number in the from line.


