Copyright © 1997,    GoDSpiT.     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.Billy Boy





by:  RuinNEr
AKA:  GoDSpiT


I have for about five months now write a story that has a young boy as the main character.   In this story I finally broke down and wrote the story that I wanted to write.   I wrote it under another name because the story does not have that usual GoDSpiT format of a love story.  Instead this story among a few others fits into the catagery of a sexy story.  Enjoy I am sure that you will.    ~~GoDSpiT







	Billy was glad that his older sister Rachel had finally left for the day.   He was so glad because now he got to do things that he didn't get to when she was around.   Billy's sister Rachel was 16 years old she was much older than Billy was he was only ten years old.   It wasn't that Billy hated his sister, he loved his sister she was the most beautiful girl in the world or so Billy thought.   Sometimes he wished that he could be his sister Rachel she was so good looking.  No why he wanted her gone was so that he could pretend.    His parents were also gone for the day, they had left his sister in charge but she would sometimes leave Billy by himself because she knew hew as old enough to not do anything wrong.

	So Billy snuck down the hall and made sure that no one was home.   He walked into his sister room and started to look around.   Billy was tall for his age he was already 5' 7" but he was still prepubescent which he didn't want to be anymore.  He had seen his sister and a boy that she had brought home fucking in this very bedroom, the boy had had lots of hair all over his penis, or cock as his sister called it.   Billy wanted the same stuff all over his cock so that his sister would like his cock like she did those boys.      Billy felt his little cock starting to harden in his boxer shorts and he looked down at it.   The little thing was pointing up in his boxer shorts it was barely three inches long and it was sticking straight up making his shorts into a tent.    Billy closed the door to his sister room and pulled his boxer shorts down.   His little cock was hard and he looked at it with its little hood of skin.   The boy that his sister had fucked didn't have a hood it was bare.    

	Billy was uncircumcised but he didn't understand what it meant, and he just wanted to look like the boys that his sister liked that was all.   He pulled his shirt off over his head and looked at his flat boy chest and stomach.   He was white and had sandy blonde hair; his eyes were a deep dark blue.   He was really very handsome but Billy didn't realize this.   He turned sideways and looked at his hard little boy cock in the mirror.  It was lightly throbbing as he thought about his sister small white tits.   She didn't have very big tits but Billy didn't care and neither did most other boys.

	Billy's sister was one of the most beautiful girls in the neighborhood.   With her long curly blonde hair and her dark blue-green eyes, Her legs were long and shapely, very thin also, her hips were just perfect for her frame, her breasts were a triple A cup size and were not much bigger than training bra tits.    Billy stopped thinking about his cock and his sister's body and went back to thinking about why he was in his sister room to pretend.    Billy opened his sister's underwear drawer and pulled out a garter belt, some stockings, and a pair of black panties that were made of lace.     Then he pulled open the drawer above and pulled out the bra that matched the panties and he put them all on the bed.  He then walked over to the closet and opened the door.  He pulled out his sisters tightest fitting dress one that went only down to the middle of her thighs.   Billy picked all of this up along with a pair of her flat shoes and he left the room.    Billy went into his room forgetting about his boxer shorts and shirt and closed the door behind him.  He went into his closet and pulled out two small rubber balls cut in half and smiled.   

	He takes the bra and places the small cut in half balls in the cups, the fit perfectly.   Billy smiled and hooked the bra around his chest.   The balls put in the bra that totally covered them made it look like Billy had two small breasts pointing out from his chest.    Billy then took his sisters panties and slipped them on.  Her panties were big enough to fit over his rock hard cock so he had no problems there.    Then Billy slipped on the garter belt and the stockings.   He looked at himself in the mirror and smiles.   He was starting to look like a girl.    Well if not for that hard cock pointing up in the panties.    Billy then slips the dress on over his head like he had seen his sister do before.    He looked in the mirror again and sees that he has the tight fitting dress over his small pointed breasts and his hard cock is not visible anymore.   Well unless you looked really closely.    Billy looked like a young girl now just starting to develop, and had yet to get any hips.   His face looked so much like a girls that when you dressed him up in clothes of a girl he almost became one.   Next he went into his closet again and put on a blonde wig.   Not one of those cheap fake ones either, it was one of the wigs that actors used.   His mother had been an actress in a small budget play and had been given the wig, which Billy then stole.

	He then walked back over to the mirror and smiled.  He was so sexy that he was starting to turn himself on.   Billy started to rub his small cock though the dress and he was getting close to having an orgasm in the panties when the door to his room burst open.   There stood his sister, the beautiful Rachel.    Billy's small cock exploded in orgasm in the panties.   He was still to young to cum but he had a great orgasm.  His sister stared at him and said,   "is that you Billy?"     Billy started to get scared, his sister had caught him, she was looking at him, and she even came over and pulled the wig off.   "Oh Billy what are you doing?"     He almost broke into tears but then his sister pressed her self-closer to him,  "I didn't know you liked my clothes Billy."	

	He looked up at her and then blushed and bowed his head;  "I'm sorry Rachel, I . . .I won't do it again."    

	"Are you nuts boy.   No my Billy boy couldn't be nuts."  She put the wig back on and smiled.   "Come and give your big sister a hug."   Billy nodded and went over to his sister and hugged her.    They were almost the same height Billy was a little shorter than his 5'8" sister but he knew one day he would be taller.    Her small breasts pushed against his chest just above his small breasts.    Billy's breasts pushed into his sister's body and smashed just like his sisters did on his body,  "Even the breasts feel real, if it wasn't for that hard cock pressing against my leg I would think you were a girl."   Her hands slowly slid down to where Billy's small ass was located.  "Oh my little Billy, we can't let mom or dad know that you are dressing up like this.   But right now your big sister is so turned on she can't think clearly.  Do you think you can take care of your big sister Billy?"     

	Billy looked up at his sister in bewilderment, what was she talking about, he couldn't be turning his own sister on there was no way.  Just no way that it was possible.   "Wh.. what do you mean Rachel?   How can I be turning you on?   I'm a little boy with a little prick."

	"I guess that is my problem Billy I like little boys with little pricks."   She smiles down at him.   "Especially when they are my brother and he is dressed up like a girl."  She smiles again and leans her mouth down to his.   Rachel gently kisses Billy on the lips and he kisses her back.   When her tongue darts out and into his mouth Billy is ready for it and he sighs with pleasure as his sister presses her body closer to his.    The two fall onto the bed and they break the kiss.   "Undress me Billy then I want to undress you."

	Billy had seen only one boy undress a girl and he hoped that he did it correctly.   Billy unbuttoned the shirt that his sister was wearing revealing his sisters small bra and the breasts that were kept within it.   Then he continued on downwards until he reached the last button.  He pulled the shirt off throwing it off of the bed.    His touch was delicate as he undid her bra from the front.   Her small round white breasts were so beautiful.   Billy couldn't believe his eyes his sisters body was so beautiful, he couldn't take it all in.   She only smiled and said,   "Why don't you suckle my baby."   He only nodded and placed his mouth on his sister's breast and slowly sucked on the nipple.   She let out a cry,  "Oh Billy you are so much better than any other I have ever had."   She whispered to him.     He continued on he unbuttoned and unzipped her shorts revealing a pair of her lace panties.    She smiled at him as he took the shorts off and then pulled down her  panties.   Her pussy had a small amount of hair on it that did not quite cover up her sex.    Billy smiled as his sister spread her legs,  She was wet with passion.   "Go ahead lick me like you saw Tony do."

	"You.  . .you knew I saw." 

	"Of course Billy,  I wanted you to see."   She smiles as he slowly uses his tongue to go up and down his older sister's pussy.   She lets out a cry of passion.    "Oh BILLY."    He keeps doing it until she has an orgasm, her first real orgasm in a long time.     She stands him up and they kiss on the lips again.     Rachel pulls her brother's wig off first  and smiles at him.   Ever since he was six and she had given him his first hard-on she had been attracted to her little brother.    She then slides her hands over the back of the dress and unzips it.   Then she slips the dress off revealing her bothers naked body dressed up still.    The small bra of hers was covering up the balls that he was using for his breasts.  She gently undoes the bra and lets it and the fake tits fall to the ground.    She liked his flat chest his boy chest.   She gently flicks her tongue out and licks her brother's nipples with it he groans.   She knew that he would.    She looks down and see that his little three-inch cock was sticking straight up in the lace panties.   She smiles as she undoes the stockings from the garter belt.   She pulls the stockings down and then she pulls down the panties.    Her little brother's hard three-inch cock stands straight up right in her face.   Rachel smiles as she takes it into her mouth.   

	He groans as she licks up and down the base of it.  It felt good to put a whole cock in her mouth and not have to gag on it.     She slowly brings her brother to orgasm as she sucks on his small hard cock.   He groans and starts to thrust his hips.   Nothing comes out as she suspected.  It would have been good if he could cum but she was glad he couldn't yet so that they could practice for awhile before they actually made some babies in her body.     She smiled at that thought.    Then she gets up from where she was standing and sees that her brother's half-limp cock was already getting hard again.   She goes over to the bed with him, then she lays down and says,   "Come on Billy get on top of me and lets do it."  He only nods and climbs on top of his sister not needing anymore directions.   He gently slips his small boy cock into his sisters little pussy and he starts to thrust it in and out like he had seen done by Tony.   She smiles and starts to push back with him.  It felt so good having that small tool in her body.   Rachel could feel herself about to explode with orgasm.  Her brother was not close behind.   They lay there  both so tired now.   "Oh Billy you are so good so good."   He only nods and smiles.   He had had sex with his big sister he couldn't believe it.



*



	From the first time that Rachel had gotten her little brother hard she had known that she would one day pick up the courage again to have her little brother fuck her.   She just never knew how it would really happen how or how much she would really enjoy her brother fucking her.   After all she had only been 12 when she had started to experiment with her brothers body.   It had been when he was six years old.   Their parents had been gone for the night and Billy had asked her to wash him like his mother would sometimes do even at that age.   Rachel had seen her brothers little cock it was laying limply in-between her legs and  when she reached it she couldn't help but start playing with it.   She watched and felt it grow in her hand.   It was so tiny not more than two inches long if even that long.    She loved the feel of it in her hand.   From then on she had known that her little brother was the only  boy she really wanted to get into her pussy.   Rachel looked over at her sleeping ten-year-old brother.  His little cock was still hard and laying against his stomach.   She loved the fact that it was uncircumcised.   She liked the little extra flap of skin on the cock.   She smiles to herself and looks at her brother.   

	Rachel was almost sure that in a year from now she would be carrying her brother's seed in her body.  It would grow into a child a child that they would both love forever.  Her mother already knew about Rachel's plans and had approved.   After all the same thing had happened to her mother.   Of course Billy did not know that his father was in fact his mothers brother.   Not that it really mattered.   Rachel looked down at her little brother's hard cock again and gets into position until her mouth is right over the hard organ.   She slowly brings her mouth down on the hard throbbing small cock.   She loved the feel of the small organ going into her mouth and the way that it felt on her tongue.   She gently started to suck on her brother's hard cock.  He gave out a groan but continued to sleep.   She could feel him slowly thrusting his small  hips against her as she continued to suck on his hard organ.    When His orgasm hit Billy was rocked awake.   He looked down at his big sister with her mouth on his hard cock and smiled as he finished his orgasm.    It was still unbelievable that his sister had actually had sex with him it was so unbelievable.



*

One Year Later.



	Billy thrusted his hard organ into his sisters pussy.  He thrusted again as his sister gripped her brother's waist at both sides.   "Oh that's it Billy make a baby in your sister come on fuck me harder."   Billy continued to thrust harder and harder.  He could feel his cock building up something, he had never felt this good before.   Sure he had fucked his sister plenty over the last year, hell she even slept in the bed with him now at night and they would often wake up in the middle of the night to fuck some more.   Just recently Billy's mom's belly had started to swell with another child.   She was only 33 years old and still looked quiet good.  Her belly was now all swollen and round with twins.    Billy had one night felt that belly and started to get hard wondering what it would be like when he got his sister pregnant.

	He thrusted again and again, his little cock was almost ready to explode.  "OH GAWD Billy it feels so good!!!"  His sister's hot pussy was driving Billy wild he didn't know when it happened or how it happened but his little cock exploded and cum just started to shoot out of it.  Billy could feel it cumming, over and over again.   His sister was smiling she knew that her brother had just had his first cum...and on that first cum she knew she was going to get pregnant.  It was time now.  She was 17 and ready to be a mother, the mother to her little brothers baby.   Her orgasm took her body over and she loved the feel of her brother's small cock in her body.



*



	Billy could hardly believe it, his sister was pregnant.   She was only four months now, her belly was round but barely showing.   Billy loved to run his hands over it and feel the child growing in his sister's body.    There mother had given birth to the twins a few days ago, they were identical little girls and Billy hoped that they would be cute little girls like his sister had been.  But more than that he hoped that  the child growing in his sister was a little boy for her to play with.    Already they were loosing interest in each other.   Billy had always wanted girls who had no titties.  He just never realized it until now.   His sister would always want little boys to fuck her body.   Billy sighed as he thrusted his hard organ into his sister's body again.  Hair was starting to grow around his cock and he knew this was all due to happen.    It was all changing for the better and for good reason too.







THE END.















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....