Billy Jo
=

  I had always considered myself 'theoretically bisexual', but had never had
a sexual experience with another man before I decided to come to the bar I was
in now. The thought had been growing in my mind lately, and i had found myself
thinking more and more about what it would be like. A man sucking my cock. Me
sucking a cock. Fucking a man. Being Fucked. I had always thought it would be
best to find someone else like me, who wanted to experiment, someone, some man
i could fuck without them 'really' being homosexual. I had come to the
conclusion, however, that that was hypocritical bullshit. That's what I wanted,
what I wanted to do and what I wanted done to me. So rather than pussyfoot
around, I had decided to act on my newfound resolve. I was going to go get laid.

  I sat in the bar for a while before I talked to anyone. It was a real culture
shock, and I began to doubt my rash course of action.I couldn't really see any
of these men that I wanted to have sex with. What had sounded so good in theory
just wasn't turning the trick in practice.  I don't think I fit in really well,
and maybe I seemed uncomfortable. So, I started drinking doubles.

  Pretty soon I had renewed my resolve, and I noticed a woman staring at me.
A real babe actually. Blonde, skinny, big tits, tight black dress. I locked
eyes with her. Then I remembered where I was. Logically, I knew that this had
to be a guy, but , 'wow'. I stared at my drink for a minute, thinking 'hey,
maybe this is what I need'.

  "Hi honey." She had walked over to the bar while I wasn't paying attention.

  I was super suave. "uh uu hi" I stammered as I stared at her ( him, dammit. )

  HE sat down beside me, rubbing his fishnet-covered legs against mine. "I drink
paralyzers", he said.

  Eventually, I clued in, bought drinks, and talked to him. His/her name was 
Bobby Joe. He had a 'fuck' look in his eyes as we talked. My cock was rock
hard in my pants, and all I could think about was how those lips, covered in
bright red lipstick, would feel on my cock. After the bartender turned away
from bringing the second round of drinks, he reached over and squeezed my hard
on through the crotch of my pants and licked his lips.

  "Why don't we go back to my house" He said. I agreed readily and we went out
to my car.

   We discussed music on the drive to her house, with a lot of inuendo thrown
 in. References to 'pounding rhythym' , etc. Then, to my surprise, he reached
over and started to undo my belt.

   "What are you doing ? " I asked, as politely as possible. I was, admittedly,
a little blasted, and this was distracting my driving just a tad.

  " I'm going to undo your pants and suck you while you drive. I just can't
wait that long.." he said. By now, my hard cock was exposed, and he leaned over,
sucked on the tip of my cock for a second, and then swallowed my cock whole.

  He began the best blowjob I had ever had. His hot warm mouth covered my cock
and he roughly fucked me with his mouth, bobbing up and down while he greedily
swallowed me. He moaned quietly and made lip smacking sounds as he devoured
my cock. In and out of the ring of his lips my cock slid. Soon, it was too
much, and I had to pull the car so I didn't crash. I spurted jet after jet of
come into his mouth, which he greedily swallowed. After I was spent, he released
my cock from his lips and kissed me. It was the first time I had ever kissed
a man, and it was incredibly erotic. I tasted my come on his lips as he explored
my mouth with his tongue.

  "Can you get it up again, lover ? You have to, cause when we get to my house,
I want you to fuck me. I want your cock in me, I want you to shoot in my pussy.
Can you do that ? Can you make more boycum for me ?" This was the dialogue on
the rest of the ride. While he talked dirty to me, his hands fondled my flaccid
penis, which he had never bothered to put back in my pants. As we drove into the
parking lot of his building, my cock was fully erect. Just before we got out
of the car, he gave my cock a quick kiss.

  "You're a virgin aren't you ? " he asked as we rode the elevator. I knew he
wasn't asking if I had ever fucked a woman.

  "yes." I answered.

 He snuggled up against me and kissed me. "That's sweet. I love breaking
cherries. then he did something completely unexpected. Out of his purse he
pulled a tube of K-Y, and handed it to me. Then he bent over and flipped up his
skirt, revealing no panties, and garter belts holding up the fish nets.

   "Grease my ass. Stick your fingers in me" he said. I was shocked. I mean,
right here in the elevator. But, I quickly squirted some K-Y on my finger, and
applied some to his exposed, puckered asshole. It was neat and hairless, and
I was incredibly aroused as I slipped my middle finger up his ass, making him
groan. I was so tempted to pull out my cock and fuck him there, in the elevator.
I wanted to fill his hole with my cock, to come inside him, to feel his
stockings against my legs as I drove my cock into him.

   I fucked two digits in and out of his ass while we rode up two floors, then,
just as the doors opened, he pulled forward and stood up. There was no one
there. 

  After he opened the door, we went straight to the bedroom. He lay back on
the bed and spread his legs wide, dress pulled up around waist. His cock stood
out, an erect six inches oozing precum. Just like he was a woman, I pressed my
cock against his whole and slowly fucked my cock into his slick ass.

  He groaned and stiffened when I penetrated him. His ass was like the best
cunt I had ever been in. It was tight and hot and hugged my cock. Slowly, I
increased speed, fucking him with greater urgency. My belly rubbed against his
cock and I could feel his sticky precum on me.

  "Yes. Fuck my ass. HARD. mmmm. Come in me. Shoot your cock off in my ass" he
groaned as I fucked him. And I did. I came , shooting hot come up this guys
ass. It was my first fuck with a man, and my orgasm was twice as powerful
as it was when he sucked my come. I kept coming and fucking and coming and
fucking and slamming into his ass, filling him with my organ and my seed.
I was still coming when my cock slipped out of him and sprayed his groan and
belly with streams of come. At last, I collapsed on him, trapping his erect
 cock between us.

  After a minute or so, he rolled me over on my back.He got up, took of his
dress, and removed the falsies he had been wearing, but kept the translucent
teddy he wore beneath. He was hairless all over, and his skin shone with fuck
sweat. I waited in anticipation, and not for long.  He straddled my chest,
planting his knees on the bed just under my armpits.

  "Now I'm going to sit on your face. Open your mouth so I can fuck it ! " He
instructed. I was overcome with sex. I opened my mouth eagerly, and got my first
taste of cock. He fucked my mouth just like it was a cunt, sliding the first
four inches or so of his cock slowly in and out of my lips. I moved my head
along with his hardon, and after adjusting, was able to get a whole lot of it
in my mouth. I sucked, and licked, and did everything I could to make him come.
I tried to give the blowjob I always wanted. I was overcome with the eroticism
of this man, dressed as he was, fucking my mouth, me sucking him, gripping his
fishnet clad legs as he drove his cock into me. I wanted to taste his come,
feel him come as he spewed come into my mouth, to swallow his pleasure.

  That was not to be. He withdrew his cock and looked at me. "Do you want to
finish like this, or do you want to roll over ? ". It was a hard decision. I
wanted his come in my mouth, was caught up in the blow job, and was nervous
about being fucked. But that was what I really wanted. I wanted the whole deal.
Tense, I rolled over onto my hands and knees.

  I didn't feel the cock against my anus like I expected. Instead, I got a shock
when I felt Billy Jo's tongue on my ass. He licked all around it, then began
to fuck his tongue in and out of my ass, slurping as he rimmed me. My cock 
began to harden again as i felt these wonderful new sensations on my ass.

  Then I felt his lips leave my hole, and felt the cool slickness og K-Y on
my ass. Slowly, he pushed a finger into my tight, virgin ass. I groaned into
the pillow as he began to fuck me with his hand, massaging my prostrate with
his finger.

  "Do it, " I moaned, "Fuck my ass. Take my cherry. I want it."

  He got behind me, and I felt the tip of his cock against my ass. His cock
wasn't very big, maybe six inches long and as thick as mine, so I wasn't
terrified or anything. It was very uncomfortable as he slowly penetrated me,
but I bore down and tried to make my ass loose for him. When he was fully in,
he stopped for a moment and leaned over, and asked me if I was okay. It didn't
really hurt anymore, and I wanted to be fucked. I wanted him to come in my ass,
to come like I had come. I wanted the good part of being fucked in the ass, and
wasn't afraid of a little initial discomfort.

  "Yes. Fuck me. Fuck my ass. Come in me."

  He began to slowly work his cock in and out of me. I was stretched, but I felt
deliciously penetrated. I was being fucked. I was kneeling there, passive, while
this beautiful creature slid his cock in and out of me. He talked dirty in my
ear, but I wasn't paying much attention. THe cock in my ass was my world, and I
could think of nothing but the sensation as it slid in and out, fucking me,
taking me like a woman, driving his cock into my hole. It was out of this world,
an unbelievable new sensation.

  His fucking became more frantic. He clutched my hips and began to fuck me
hard, too hard in his passion. I whimpered in pleasure/plain beneath him as he
roughly thrust into me and came in ass, spewing hot come in my ass. I could
feel each jet as he exploded into my ass, still fucking my hole lubricated
with his semen.

   He rested on top of me for a moment, and then reached around to grip my hard
cock. "Let's go take a shower", Billy Joe said, leading me by my hard cock to
the bathroom....
