
Pedros


                                          THE SEDUCTION OF BILLY
                                                                          
                         Early morning sunlight streamed through the gap in 
 the bedroom curtains, marking a bright line across the white sheet. Jerry 
 could feel the heat from it over his buttocks as he slowly came awake. It 
 was going to be another hot day. He pressed his nude body into the soft 
 matress, luxuriating in the feel of his hard penis squashing between the 
 bottom sheet and his belly. In his half-dozing state he had been thinking 
 about young Billy, wondering whether, hoping, he might turn up again like 
 he did last Saturday. 
                       Billy was a student at the school at which Jerry 
 taught. He was a beautiful boy, just turned eleven, his body on the verge 
 of puberty. Jerry took the boys for sport and he had been instantly 
 attracted to Billy, the moment he saw him in his bathers at the school 
 swimming carnival. Seeing the lad in his Speedos, his slim hairless body 
 sleek and tanned, a wonderfully jutting, albeit small, bulge in the nylon 
 costume, had caused Jerry's cock to stiffen and he had had to forcefully 
 re-direct his thoughts and attention elsewhere to prevent his lust becoming 
 too apparent. Jerry had often fantasized about making it with a boy but, 
 until Billy, he had not considered going beyond fantasy. This beautiful boy 
 changed that. He wanted him.
                           He had made a point of getting to know Billy 
 better in the days after the carnival, to develop a sense of trust with  
 the youngster. He found out that Billy had no father and it was then an 
 easy task for Jerry to capitalise on this, suggesting by his manner with 
 Billy that he could be the male adult in the young boy's life. It was only 
 a matter of days before Billy began confiding in him, seeking him out when 
 he was on playground duty, or coming to see him before and after school.
                    
                         All during the week things had gone on as normal 
 but Jerry often caught the boy looking at him, that faint smile touching 
 his mouth each time. It was as though he knew what I was planning and was 
 just waiting for it to happen, he had thought more than once during that 
 long week.
                  
                        I'm a real narcissist, he thought, smiling to 
 himself. He was proud of his body. It was nothing grand, just a good body. 
 He was 35 but his body was that of a younger man, almost still a 
 teenager's. He had no body hair apart from a light sprinkling of almost 
 blonde pubic hair ( he shaved his balls and between his legs because he 
 liked the feel of the smoothness there ) and a sparse but darker growth 
 under his arms. His chest and belly were bare and his arms and legs had 
 only a light down over them. His body was an all-over golden tan, a result 
 of nude sun-bathing and swimming in the pool in his very private courtyard. 
 Jerry spent most of his time at home in the nude. It was one of life's real 
 pleasures. 
                  The sheet slipped lower. More of his slim, firm body came 
 into his view. His belly was flat, his navel only slightly indented. His 
 hands pushed lower, the sheet tenting up as Jerry forced his penis upright. 
 Over the soft pubic hairs he slid, his hands moving around the base of his 
 organ following the contours of his groin. His scrotum hung loosely between 
 his thighs, his balls full and heavy inside, his skin smooth against his 
 hands. He brought his hands together under the sac and slid them down 
 between his buttocks, pressing firmly onto the ridge of flesh running up 
 towards his sensitive anal opening. He arched up to allow access to that 
 secret place and the sheet released his upright penis, causing it to slap 
 down onto his belly. Jerry brought his hands from between his legs and 
 palmed across his stomach, stroking the length of his organ. He looked down 
 at it angling up from his groin, so hard and pulsing. A drop of pre-cum 
 glistened in the sunlight that now highlighted his sex. He ran a finger up 
 the soft ridge of his penis, forcing more juice from its slit. It dripped 
 onto his navel, remaining joined to the circumcised crown by a thin thread. 
 He took it up with a finger and brought the essence to his mouth again. His 
 other hand closed around his thick shaft and began a slow rhythmic 
 stroking. He closed his eyes. He thought of Billy. Saw him again in his 
 Speedos. Saw the boy slowly sliding the bathers down ... down...!
                 
                   
                      Jerry couldn't believe it! There, coming through his 
 front gate, was Billy!
                     Thoughts flashed through his mind. Now was his chance. 
 He always left the back door open for Lady, his kelpie pup, to go in and 
 out of the house at night. His yard was impossible to get into from the 
 back so he had no worries about burglars, they wouldn't get past Lady even 
 if they did try to get in. He thought Billy would feel comfortable enough 
 to enter his house and look for him if he wasn't around. 
                    Jerry decided he would stay in bed, make out he was 
 still asleep and let Billy find him. His cock ached. He rolled onto his 
 stomach, positioning the sheet halfway over one buttock and slanting it to 
 be below the other, making it obvious he was naked. He sprawled himself 
 out, making himself totally vulnerable and giving Billy a full view when he 
 entered. Then Jerry closed his eyes and waited.
              
                  "Jerry?.......Are you there, Jerry?" Billy called 
 tentatively.
             
                 "Jerry?.....Are you awake?" Billy spoke softly as he 
 entered the bedroom.
                 Jerry grunted and half turned, the sheet coming over his 
 hip, hiding his buttocks. He then lay still again. He felt Billy coming up 
 to the bed on the side he was facing.

                 Jerry grunted again and opened his eyes as though he was 
 awakening from a deep sleep. He blinked a couple of times, focussed on the 
 young face before him then struggled to sit up as if in surprise, allowing 
 the sheet to slide down into his lap exposing almost all of his body but 
 keeping his organs covered. He noted with satisfaction the quick glance 
 down Billy gave to check out what was to see as he sat up. He pressed his 
 hands into his lap, pressing down hard against his stiff penis and looked 
 at the boy standing nervously by his bed.
               "Billy! What a surprise! What are you doing here? And so 
 early?" 
               "I'm sorry, Jerry. I know its early and I didn't want to wake 
 you. I thought you'd be up by now. My mum had to go up to the city for the 
 day and I didn't want to go. She said I could stay back if I had somewhere 
 to go so I told her I had swimming practice first up and then a group of us 
 were going to go to the pictures this afternoon. I really don't but I 
 didn't want to go with her and I wanted to come around here. I'm sorry I 
 woke you. I..."
                  Jerry reached out his hand to the boy. "Hey, Billy. It's 
 OK, matey. I'm pleased you woke me. And I'm pleased you wanted to come 
 around here."
                
                  "Mmmmm! Oh that feels so nice, matey," groaned Jerry, 
 watching the boy's small hand circle around the flared crown, barely able 
 to reach around it. Billy squeezed gently and another pearl of pre-cum 
 glistened as it oozed from the slit. The boy let his finger and thumb slide 
 up to the droplet, taking it up and to his mouth. Jerry watched fascinated 
 as Billy tentatively touched his tongue on the fluid. He tasted it, his 
 face a study in concentration. Then he slid his finger into his mouth and 
 sucked the liquid off. A shy smile came as he looked at Jerry.
                   "It tastes like egg whites!" he exclaimed. "I don't mind that."

                  "You do what?" the boy asked, a hint of disbelief in his 
 voice. He did not put his hand back on Jerry, much to the man's 
 disappointment, but he did keep looking down to where Jerry fondled 
 himself.
                  "I suck myself. I put my penis in my mouth and suck on it 
 until I come. Then I drink my cum."

                 "Yeah," Billy replied shyly and smiled.
                 "Great. It means you like what you see. Your body is 
 enjoying what I am doing. And what you are doing to me. Touch yourself if 
 you want to, Billy. Keep those good feelings going."

                "This is the second most important sexual part on a man, 
 Billy, after his penis."

                 "But doesn't it get covered in....doesn't it smell?"
   
                 "Can I touch you there, Jerry?"
                 Danny's shy question was music to Jerry's ears and he took 
 his hand from between his legs and gripped his buttocks again, spreading 
 himself wide open.

             Another spasm shook him and he jerked his cock back into his 
 mouth, using his tongue to hold the jism back from filling his throat. The 
 ejaculation was slightly less intense, the amount of fluid slightly less 
 copious, but the feelings no less intense. A fourth thrust and more nectar 
 spurted. Jerry moaned uncontrollably. It had never been as intense as this!
 
              "Did you like that, matey?" he asked the boy. "Thank you for 
 helping me. I would like to do the same for you some time."

               "Maybe we could find out, Billy. If you want to." Jerry 
 rolled onto his stomach and wriggled himself up the bed until he was level 
 with Billy. His still firm penis dragged down between his legs. He felt its 
 heat between his thighs. He spread his legs, letting air cool the sweat 
 between his buttocks. It was really erotic to be naked in front of this 
 clothed boy, but he now wanted to press home the advantage he felt he had 
 gained with the lad. He touched Billy's leg, folding his hand around the 
 boy's thigh, just below the leg of his shorts. He gently caressed the soft 
 smooth skin, allowing his fingers to slip up under the shorts.
              
And he was right.
 
            "But I do, Jerry," Billy replied seriously. "I really do."
   
         "We're joined," he said smiling.
   
         "Johnny Carstairs? The kid in the next class? How do you know him? 
 He's a couple of years older than you, isn't he?"
           
        "MMmmmmhhhh......" Jerry groaned with pleasure as he sucked the 
 little boy-cock into his mouth once again and his mouth filled with the 
 taste of his cum. He squeezed the boy's buttocks wide open as he sucked on 
 the shaft, moving him in and out in a steady rhythm. He could feel the 
 boy's soft scrotum grazing his chin and lower lip as he moved, his balls a 
 soft weight on him.
       
           Against the pale flesh of the boy's lower body, a noticeable 
 brown mark traced the raised thin line that ran from the base of his penis, 
 down the centre of the scrotum, along the ridge of the perineum towards the 
 youngster's anus. Jerry couldn't see this treasure with Billy's legs down 
 like they were. He brought his hands from his sides where they had slid as 
 Billy had laid back and took the soft boy-sex  in his palm. He squeezed the 
 rubbery stalk gently in his fist then  softly followed the line he could 
 see with his index finger. Billy's balls tightened even more as Jerry's 
 finger stroked over the crinkled skin, his testicles spread either side of 
 the perineum.
            Jerry traced the line down between Billy's spread buttocks until 
 his hand could go no further. He moved his hands to Billy's legs and raised 
 them back over the boy, gently forcing them down until Billy was fully open 
 to him, lying on his back in the foetal position, his legs splayed, knees 
 against his chest., his body totally vulnerable and exposed.

                                            CHAPTER 6


          The man and boy headed for the bathroom, playfully trying to slap 
 the other's bare behind as they went along the passageway. Jerry's cock was 
 half-erect, curving out in front of him and swaying as he moved, his balls 
 swinging heavily. Billy's penis was a stub jutting from his groin, 
 completely encased in its foreskin. His ball sac had loosened up again and 
 his testes dangled between his thighs,  the twin eggs clearly visible 
 within their smooth casing. He ran in front of Jerry and into the large 
 bathroom. Jerry feasted his eyes on the youngster, delighting in the beauty 
 of the young body reflected in the mirrored room. There were endless 
 reflections disappearing away into the distance, views from all sides; and 
 Jerry blessed the day he had decided to put mirror panels on the three 
 blank walls of his bathroom. They might be buggers to keep clean, but they 
 certainly enhanced his viewing pleasure at a time like this. He must have 
 known something like this was going to happen!
    
         "That's right. Let it come, Billy," he said as he felt the first 
 movements inside the boy's penis.
 
          Jerry knelt on the tiled floor and ran his hands up and down the 
 length of Billy's thin legs, first the left, then the right, sliding from 
 the boy's feet up to the top of his thighs. His hands then went back to the 
 boy's sex.
   
        "Yeah. I do, Jerry."
   
         "Oh, yes, matey! That's right. Piss on me like that." Jerry 
 directed the boy's stream onto his nipples, could feel it flowing hotter 
 than the shower down his body. He pointed the cock at his own fountaining 
 organ and they both watched as the two streams splashed and co-mingled. 
 With his other hand Jerry took hold of himself and played his urine over 
 Billy's groin, slowly standing upright as the stream began to lose force.  
 The sweet-sour smell of their pissing filled the shower recess.
  
        "Okay, matey. I think we've had enough under here," Jerry finally 
 said. "I'm starting to prune! I think it's time we had something to eat and 
 then maybe a swim. Sound good?"

       "Fortunately I can't remember it being done!" laughed Jerry. He 
 touched the stretched foreskin the boy held out then ran his finger around 
 the boy's penis behind the bulge of its crown. "The skin is cut from here, 
 where it actually joins your cock. It was done for religious and for 
 supposed hygiene reasons but is not done so much now."

          The boy beat his fists on Jerry's buttocks and kicked his legs.  
 Jerry paddled his behind. Billy shrieked with laughter. Jerry beat a light 
 tattoo on the bare skin.

        Billy blushed. "I said I wanted to touch you too. Ever since I saw 
 you undressed in the change room one day I wanted to see you again." He 
 looked down. "That's why I came here last weekend. I saw you looking at me 
 at the swimming carnival and I saw you watching me get changed afterwards. 
 I saw you get a bulge in your bathers when you looked at me when I had 
 nothing on."

         "I...can I do to you what you did to me, Jerry? You know, when you 
 took my cock in your mouth? Can I do that to you?"
   
          He could taste the wonderful taste of Jerry's fluids as he forced 
 them out of his penis and he began working harder to make the man come. He 
 seemed to know instinctively what to do, seemed to find natural easy 
 coordination between his mouth and his hands.
  
          He squeezed his mouth harder around the pulsating  manhood, 
 feeling the spasms slowly becoming less intense, feeling the sperm 
 beginning to ooze out, beginning to thicken into globs rather than the 
 liquid of the first ejaculations. He could also feel his teacher beginning 
 to relax, the hand sliding from his head to gently stroke his shoulders and 
 neck, the other hand coming under his chin and caressing around the shaft 
 between his lips.
        "Ooohhh, Billy! That was fantastic," Jerry finally managed to say, 
 looking down at the boy still wrapped around the end of his softening 
 penis. A dribble of sperm ran out of the corner of the youngster's mouth as 
 he gently eased himself out, his cock flopping heavily as it withdrew.
 

                                                     CHAPTER.7
                            
 
           SPLASH!
    
      "I know it hurts, buddy. But it will ease off in a minute as you get 
 used to me being in there. Just give it a little time and see what happens. 
 If you are still hurting, we'll stop. And that's okay. I want it to be a 
 wonderful experience for you. It might take a while before we can do it." 
 He smiled. "I really know I'm the first one, don't I. You are really tight. 
 You feel beautiful."

                 Jerry felt himself drifting off in the warm sunshine. The 
 sounds of the two boys splashing and laughing in the pool began to fade 
 into the distance and he closed his eyes. He was lying on his back on an 
 air mattress, his arms and legs outspread, letting the sun's rays dry and 
 warm his body. He was still wearing his bikini Speedos and he knew the 
 large bulge in his crotch made by his semi-turgid penis was even more 
 obvious lying on his back like this, but he didn't think the two boys would 
 mind. Not after the last half hour of playing around. But they had worn him 
 out and he needed a rest, in spite of the fact that he knew he could have 
 continued the horsing around and it would have led to a sexual 
 free-for-all. Plenty of time for that, however. None of them would be 
 leaving for several hours yet.

                Jerry put his hand on Johnny's shoulder and squeezed. 
 "Good," he said. "I hoped you would stay. Do you want a drink? Or a swim?"

                  He did wonder about Johnny's embarrassment, though, and 
 would not push too hard to have him join Billy and him in their pleasures 
 in case it frightened him off. Maybe, now Johnny had plucked up enough 
 courage to come to his teacher's house, the house of a man to whom he was 
 sexually attracted, the fact of being here and maybe interrupting his best 
 friend and his teacher in some intimacy was causing that embarrassment. 
 Maybe he was just embarrassed by being here as if it was an admission that 
 he wanted to do things with his teacher and Billy. Maybe he thought Billy 
 had told Jerry what he and Billy had talked about, about wanting to touch 
 his teacher's stiff penis. Whatever the reason, Jerry would respect it. But 
 it didn't mean he would do nothing. He would just offer as many openings as 
 possible for Johnny to come in if he wanted to. If it eventuated, 
 fantastic. If not, so be it.
  
             He put the tray on the table and walked over to the pool. The 
 two boys were duck-diving and wrestling underwater, bare calves, feet and 
 arms flashing out of the water amidst all the splashing. He called out to 
 them when they resurfaced and they swam over to him. When Billy touched the 
 side of the pool he looked up at the man with a secret, knowing smile then 
 pulled himself out of the water. As he stood up, he brushed his hand across 
 Jerry's bikini front as though accidental, but he looked up at Jerry as he 
 did so and Jerry knew it was a deliberate touch. He winked at the youngster 
 and squeezed his buttock as he moved past him to get his drink.
               Johnny climbed out of the pool and Jerry feasted his eyes on 
 the boy. His briefs were almost as though non-existant. The water had made 
 the threadbare material transparent and Jerry could see the boy's penis 
 cradled in the pouch and his testes snuggled in underneath. He could see 
 the pink skin against the wet whiteness of the material. Johnny caught 
 Jerry looking at him and he looked down. His face reddened when he saw 
 himself so exposed and he put his hands in front to cover himself.

               Johnny looked over to where Billy was sitting at the table, 
 his concentration on his drink and a chocolate biscuit, not on them. His 
 legs were spread and his penis and tightly shrivelled scrotum were sticking 
 out of the gap in his over-sized bathers. Johnny grinned when he saw it and 
 looked up at his teacher. "I guess I'm a bit shy because I'm so much bigger 
 than Billy," he said. "And because you are a grown-up and a teacher."

             "I think he really wants to, but he's a bit unsure. Like you 
 were when you came this morning. We'll just take it slowly and I'm sure it 
 won't be long before he'll relax."

         Jerry gave the boy's sex a gentle tweak and removed his hand from 
 his bathers and stood up. He hugged the boy to him, letting Billy feel the 
 hardness forming in his bikinis press against his chest. "Look what you're 
 doing to me, matey. Better get into the pool or we might frighten Johnny 
 off."

            For the next half hour the three of them swam races against each 
 other, duck dived through each other's legs, wrestled and played and had a 
 boistrous time. Johnny slowly relaxed and Jerry was soon touching him all 
 over through the course of their play. He made the touches seem accidental 
 at first, brushing against his penis, grabbing high on the top of his thigh 
 and slipping upwards, slipping a hand down his back onto his buttocks, 
 lifting him around the hips to throw him and letting his fingers touch 
 against Johnny's groin or buttocks. When Johnny didn't seem to object, 
 Jerry's touches became more blatant until he was pressing his hand solidly 
 against the boy's genitals, slipping his fingers under the underpants to 
 touch the skin underneath, sliding his hand between his buttocks and 
 squeezing the boy's firm flesh and gradually showing Johnny of his sexual 
 interest in him. Jerry was pleased when he felt the boy's penis becoming 
 erect and he let the boy know he was aware of it by holding it briefly or 
 squeezing against it as they played. Johnny didn't touch Jerry below his 
 hips, although he quite often pressed or brushed against the man's groin 
 and had to have felt the hardness within his bathers.

                 "Aw...don't be silly," Billy muttered embarrassedly, but 
 not pulling away. His penis was erect. "Johnny's decided he'd like to join 
 us, Jerry. He wants to learn things like me." Billy looked upwards across 
 Jerry.
                    Jerry suddenly realised someone was standing the other 
 side of him and, not letting go of the hard boy-sex in his fingers, he 
 turned to look at Johnny. The sight took his breath away. Johnny was 
 standing beside the mattress and was also naked. Jerry's eyes travelled up 
 the pair of young, muscly legs to the beautifully sculpted genitals of the 
 young teen. They captured his attention and he was only dimly aware of the 
 smooth belly, chest and upper body of the boy beyond them. Johnny's testes 
 were two egg-shaped nuggets held within a tight sack of darkened skin. To 
 Jerry's surprise, they were almost as large as his own and would no-doubt 
 hang as low when warm. The pale groove between his buttocks disappeared 
 into shadow below them. Sticking out above was Johnny's penis. Jerry 
 couldn't tell from his position whether it was erect or not. It jutted 
 about two inches out from the boy's groin and was thicker than Jerry's 
 thumb. He was circumcised and the plum-shaped glans was clearly silhouetted 
 against the sky. It was wider than the shaft and flared around its collar. 
 It was beautiful and Jerry felt himself responding. 
                    Johnny became embarrassed by Jerry's staring and cupped 
 himself in his hands. Jerry ran his hand up the boy's leg and rubbed him 
 soothingly behind the knee. "It's okay, Johnny," he said softly."There is 
 no need to feel shy. It looks beautiful from here. I'd like to see it."

                    "I dunno...I feel funny with you guys staring at it when 
 its stiff like this. What do I do?"

                   "Hey, you two," Jerry intervened. "Its not a competition 
 or a dare. You only do what you want at my place." He let go of the two 
 boys and sat up. "Look. I'll get out of my gear and we'll all be equal. 
 Then I would like you to lie down on the mattress, Johnny, and let Billy 
 and me make you feel real good. You'll soon get over your shyness." He 
 looked at Billy. "You told Johnny everything we did? Did you let him know 
 you were nervous to begin with? I bet you made it sound like you went 
 straight into it." Billy looked a little sheepish and gave a smile. "I 
 thought so, you little bugger," Jerry laughed. He looked back at Johnny. 
 "He was just as shy as you are, Johnny. But he soon got over it once we 
 started ... and now look at him."


                    "Jeez....!"

                 Johnny drew in his breath as Jerry stretched the loose skin 
 over the rim of his glans and he moved forward and twisted until he was 
 sitting on the mattress. The man eased him onto his back with gentle 
 pressure to his chest, keeping his other hand around his shaft. The boy 
 shuddered delightfully as he stretched out, giving himself over to the man 
 and boy either side of him.

                 "Right, Jerry." The young boy smiled, his eyes heavy with 
 lust and he ran his tongue around his lips. Jerry was surprised. What a 
 difference  in the lad. In only a few short hours he had gone from a rather 
 shy, nervous boy to a sexually assertive and sexually confident boy who was 
 very much aware of his own needs and of his own sexual attractiveness. It 
 seemed to have happened so quickly and so effortlessly. If Johnny was the 
 same, what a day this would end up being!
                   Jerry placed his hand on Johnny's chest, lightly stroking 
 around his hard nipples and Billy mirrored what his teacher was doing. 
 Goosebumps sprang up on Johnny's skin at their touch and he moaned when the 
 man leaned forward and touched the nipple with his tongue, swirling around 
 the aureole and then taking the stiffened nub into his mouth and sucking on 
 it gently. He stroked his hand down the boy's chest and flattened it across 
 his belly, his fingers touching Billy's as the lad copied him. Ever so 
 slowly, the man and boy moved their palms over Johnny's belly, lower and 
 lower, teasing around his navel as they passed, until they slid beneath his 
 quivering erection and stopped on his pubic mound, their fingers following 
 the curve around to rest against the tight scrotum. Their faces followed 
 their hands and they breathed lightly on the boy's skin as their hands 
 passed.
 
Satisfied the groan was one of pleasure, he turned back. The opening to the 
 boy's urethra was larger than usual, running across the top of the glans 
 almost down to the split, nearly a centimetre in length. Pulling it apart, 
 Jerry could see the red inner tunnel, glistening with moistness from urine 
 or pre-cum. He took the shaft in his other hand and pressed a finger up the 
 ridge while keeping the slit open. He watched a clear fluid emerge from 
 within and fill the opening, forming a globule at the entrance when he let 
 the slit close. 

                 Jerry slipped his mouth over the top. His own penis was 
 achingly hard and a thrill of pleasure tingled through him as he felt the 
 satiny heat of the boy moving between his lips and coming inside him. He 
 used his tongue to explore over the crown as he lowered his mouth along the 
 shaft. He was able to take it all in until his lips were pressed against 
 the boy's pubes, the tip of the young penis just touching the back of his 
 throat. 
 
                  Johnny arched upwards and a streak of fluid squirted from 
 his penis, arcing upwards to spray across his chest. It was clear and 
 watery and dribbled down his sides. Another spurt followed. This discharge 
 was a milky colour and thicker and it lay in a streak up Johnny's belly. 
 Another spasm came and another spurt of cream, not as powerful as the 
 others, came out, this one pooling around the boy's navel. Jerry savoured 
 the fluids in his mouth, the taste of the boy made even more precious 
 knowing it was the taste of his first come. He kept his hand around the 
 shaft, coaxing more fluids out. The boy jerked once again and this time his 
 sperm dribbled out. His climax had ebbed.
                
    Jerry held the still rigid shaft upright in his hand, 
 knowing how sensitive the glans would be and not moving so as not to cause 
 Johnny to come down too quickly. It was important the boy enjoyed every 
 moment of his first experience. Billy held his friend's balls cupped in his 
 hands. The sack had loosened up and the two large eggs inside felt heavy on 
 his palm. He rocked them very gently from side to side, his gaze fixed on 
 the sperm his friend had ejaculated. He couldn't wait until he, too, could 
 shoot like that. His own little penis was stiff and he held it in his other 
 hand. He was quite content to sit there with Jerry while Johnny slowly 
 relaxed. He knew by the hard fullness of the erection thrusting upwards 
 from his teacher's lap that it would not be long before he would be 
 enjoying it, and probably Johnny's as well.

--