BILLY'S SPOT
By Randy Boys
 
"Watch out for the fender!"
 
"No problem, I got it."
 
If you bothered to look up to find the source of the grating 
sound you would have seen a boy of twelve, maybe thirteen, 
zipping by you on his brand-new skateboard. You would have 
seen the young daredevil dodging the moving cars and darting 
between parked ones in the beach parking lot. Your heart 
would have leaped when he cut in front of an overweight 
Pontiac, with just inches to spare. If you bothered to look 
up...
 
You would have seen a sweetly, tanned young man with 
shoulder length, strawberry-blond hair. You would have seen 
a fluffy, white beach-towel draped over the boy's shoulder, 
flapping in the wind. Your eyes would have been drawn to the 
obscene rise in the front of the tiny, red swimmer, which on 
closer inspection would have turned out to be a tube of 
sunscreen. If you had bothered to look, you would have seen 
all this and much, much more.
 
"Billy, look out!"
 
"Look out for wh...."
 
"Ieeeeee!" Billy Derringer yelped, as he suddenly found 
himself tumbling head over heals through the air.
 
"Where'd my skateboard go?"
 
"Ummph," the boy grunted, hitting the soft sand, butt first, 
with a thud. The slim kid was thankful for his well-padded 
bottom.
 
"Anybody see me?"
 
"Naw."
 
"Don'tcha know, I'm still cool!"
 
Billy giggled when he looked back and saw the wheels of his 
skateboard buried axle-deep in the beach sand. The blond 
gathered his transportation, his towel, and pulled the tube of 
lotion, that had lodged itself painfully beneath his delicate 
testes, from his bathing suit.
 
The boy of twelve, maybe thirteen, shuffled bare-foot over the 
warm softness. Billy peered at the girls and peeked at the 
boys.
 
"Either could be fun toys!"
 
Billy continued on down the beach, flashing an I-know-what-
your-looking-at wink, to a man who had given his Speedos 
the twice-over. Too bad the guy was in the company of his 
wife and two young daughters, it might have been fun. No 
matter, he was almost there now. Nearer and nearer he came to 
his spot.
 
"Billy's spot."
 
The boy's pink kickers pumped faster, faster still, as he 
rounded the jut of sea-weed filmed rocks. A smile spread 
across the blonde's puffy lips as he came to his cozy, little 
lagoon, that was separated from the rest of the beach. There 
wasn't a swimmer or a sun bather to spoil his pleasure! It was 
so much better when he was by himself. He could really let 
himself be taken!
 
Billy carefully laid out his towel on the grainy sand and 
dropped the tube of lube on top. The young blonde looked to 
the left and then to the right, and then to the left again. No a 
soul in sight! With a good and naughty feeling warming his 
tummy, Billy's slender fingers dug beneath the elastic band of 
his flimsy, nylon garment. With a little wiggle of his butt he 
slipped the tiny suit down his slim hips and kicked it off.
 
The naked boy drew in a deep breath. It was time. Billy's 
skinny chest expanded and fell with one more lung full. It was 
time. The boy's feet started at a fast walk, the walk becoming 
a jog, the jog a flat-out run. Soon the boy was splashing in the 
cool ocean water.
 
Ankle deep.
Knee deep.
Waist deep.
Nipple deep.
But not too deep.
 
Billy stepped here, he stepped there, it was here somewhere. 
Just like last time, and the time before that, it would be waiting 
for him. Waiting for his smooth and milky boy-flesh. Billy 
would willingly let himself be...
 
"Ummmmmmm," the youngster cooed, as he felt a swirl of 
water snake around and around his right thigh, and then his 
left. He was there. It had found him. A zillion water bubbles 
rushed up between his legs and burst against the pink sac of 
skin that hung from his bare pubes.
 
"Shiiiittt, "Billy sighed. The popping water kissed his balls 
mercilessly.  The not-so-innocent skate boarder let his body 
float limply, giving himself over to the water's every desire. 
The young boy's skinny pecker expanded to it's full four 
inches as underwater currents began lapping his solid, pinkish 
boyhood. Billy's tummy panted and his toes curled when mini 
pulses of salt water spiraled up and down his throbbing penis. 
The little blond was being used, used by mother nature in a 
most perverse way.
 
Up and down the water coiled. Round and round the tender 
cock. Billy's cock.
 
"This is Billy's spot."
 
"Eat me, lick me, touch me!" Billy screamed underwater, 
spreading his legs wide, inviting the tide to consume the tasty 
treats hidden between his legs. The loving force embraced him 
warmly. Gentle waves lapped and swam over the soft curves 
of his ass.
 
"Gawww, do it," the youngster hummed, feeling the agitated 
swell dip into the crease that separated his pillowy-soft buns. 
Billy's small body jerked and trembled as rushes of water 
snuggled in tightly and gurgled wildly in his sensitive valley. 
Insistent gushes thumped the kid's rosy-pink pucker. Oozing 
trickles of water seeped into the tightly clenched bottom, 
moistening the willing anus with it's wet, loving caresses.
 
Billy sobbed with excited pleasure. Never had the body of 
water touched him there before. Not ever. Nobody, not even 
Billy, a boy of...
 
"twelve, maybe thirteen"
 
...had ever touched himself there before. His most private 
spot.
 
"Billy's spot."
 
"I'm, yours," Billy moaned, licking his satiny lips. The young 
blond was feeling all dreamy and warm. The horny ocean 
sucked on his wiggling toes, tongued into the sweaty and 
smooth cups of his arm pits. Waves brushed his lips, kissed 
them gently. Ripples of water lovingly stroked the twin, 
rubbery circles on either side of his chest.
 
"I'm Billy, Mr. Ocean," the youngster croaked, letting himself 
be drawn deeper into the oceans depths. It's where young 
Billy wanted to be. He knew it was where he belonged. "Take 
me with you. I'll be yours forever."
 
Tight, sucking currents enveloped the boy's kid-cock. Wet 
jerking and stroking swishing up and down the length of the 
youngster's stiffer.
 
"Deeper, deeper, the boy was pulled...pulled gently, into a 
dream he had often fantasized about.
 
A pressurized column of water probed at the relaxing wrinkle 
of flesh. Billy's head rolled from side to side, his arms and 
legs flailed, as he bucked his butt back and captured the 
swirling mass of the ocean's...
 
"Deeper, deeper..."
 
Clear, blue water flushed and pumped in and out of the boy's 
bum. The blondeUs body shivered with love and pleasure. 
Little Billy Derringer eagerly parted his legs taking the water 
into his mouth, returning the love.
 
"Gaww, I', g-gonna squirt, Mr. Ocean!" Billy yipped and 
yelped. The plunging and racing wetness gushed faster and 
faster up his seat along with the current that was shamelessly 
squeezing his flopping flapper was just too much for the sweet 
boy.
 
He was just a boy of twelve, maybe thirteen.
 
"Unkkkaaa!" Billy squealed. His penis twitched and jerked 
and snapped off thin, milky streamers of creamy boy-juice into 
the frenzied whirlpool. The lad fed his Mr. Ocean all of what 
his balls had to offer.
 
I love you Mr. Ocean," Billy whispered.
 
"One last air-bubble rose to the surface."
 
 +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  + +
 
A boy of twelve, maybe thirteen, came upon a little stretch of 
beach. He wondered where the boy that belonged to the 
swimming suit, towel, sun-tan lotion, and the skateboard was. 
With a shrug, the young red head dropped his towel and 
kicked off his sandals, eager to take a quick dip.
 
"This is nice," little Tommy Wilson smiled. "Nobody comes 
this far down the beach. This will be my spot."
 
"Tommy's spot..."
