                        BIRD IN THE HAND

     Carolyn awoke and looked at the clock beside her bed. It was 
2:35 A.M. and she was wide awake again. Ever since her date  with 
Don,  she  had not slept the night through, but awakened  two  or 
three times with visions of her with him and Connie in any number 
of  steamy circumstances. This night, it had been the  three   of 
them  locked  in an oral triangle. Her breasts were  swollen  and 
erect,  and  her  pussy was flooded with the  excitement  of  her 
dream.

     "Damn!"  she  swore  reaching  for  the  phone.  "Enough  is 
enough!"

     "Hi," she said when the other party answered. "What are  you 
doing?"

     "I was sleeping," came the groggy reply. "Is this Carolyn?"

     "Of course it is, Alan. How many other horny women call  you 
in the middle of the night?"

     There was a moment of silence before his reply.

     "Wait a minute. I'm counting," he told her. "What's up?"

     "My nipples," Carolyn breathed to him. "I wish you were here 
to suck them."

     There was no reply.

     "Alan? Are you there?"

     "I was just pulling down the sheet. Are you going to make me 
jerk off again tonight, Carolyn?"

     "Why  don't you come over and do it here - or let me  do  it 
for  you?  I  want your cock, Alan," Carolyn  breathed  into  the 
phone.

     "Damn it! We've been through all that, Carolyn. I can't give 
you what you want, so don't ask me for just part of it."

     "Don't you like my pussy?"

     "Hell,  I love it!" the man replied. "I just can't get  used 
to  sharing it with anybody else, and you won't be tied down.  So 
that doesn't leave us very much hope, does it?"

     "I've been dreaming about your big dick," she said, ignoring 
his  allusions to her refusal to stop seeingother men  while  she 
dated him.

     "Carolyn! I can't take this!"

     "Then come over and stick it in my cunt and my mouth. I want 
to eat your cock, Alan!"

     The line was silent.

     "Alan, I have two of my fingers in my pussy and its  getting 
so wet! Please come and fuck me!"

     There was a deep sigh on the other end of the phone and then 
Alan cleared his throat.

     "I  can't do it," he told her. "I'm sorry, Carolyn.  I  just 
can't take the roller-coaster ride!"

     Carolyn swore under her breath as she hung up the phone  and 
opened  the  drawer of her nightstand. Inside was a  girl's  best 
friend  -  her vibrator with a tube of  flavored  lubricant.  She 
turned it on and pressed it to her clitoris. With the other hand, 
she picked up the phone and dialed again.

     Connie's voice was barely audible.

     "This  is  Carolyn. I'm sorry I woke you up, Connie,  but  I 
just had to talk to you."

     "Carolyn?" The woman on the other end was instantly awake.

     "It's  all right. I was just sleeping. Is  anything  wrong?" 
Connie asked.

     "I  guess not. It's just ...  ever since I was with you  and 
Don,  I keep waking up in the middle of the night. It's  sort  of 
wierd."

     "Guilty conscience?" Connie asked.

     "You've  got  to be kidding! Just the opposite.  I  know  we 
don't  know  each  other all that well, but you  and  Don  really 
turned me on, Connie. I don't know what to do about it."

     Connie  chuckled softly and Carolyn could hear her  stirring 
in the bedclothes.

     "I  have  to go to work in the morning, or I  would  suggest 
getting together right now. I usually don't go one on one with  a 
woman,  but  there are always exceptions to every  rule,"  Connie 
told her.

     "That would be great," Carolyn sighed. "I'm like that,  too, 
but it was different with you. I don't know why it's affected  me 
like this, but it has."

     "Maybe it was Don. He has that kind of effect on people. How 
long have you known him?" Connie asked.

     "We  work  together. Actually, we never dated  before.  Last 
night was sort of an experiment, I guess. Wow!"

     "Maybe  we  can do it again sometime," Connie  murmured  and 
yawned into the phone.

     "Do you mean that?"

     "Sure,"  Connie  answered  and yawned once  more.  "Call  me 
tomorrow."

     Carolyn  said  goodbye and hung up the  phone,  running  the 
humming  vibrator over her clitoris until she felt  the  familiar 
rush  of her orgasm building. Closing her eyes, she  concentrated 
on the memory of Connie's fleshy thighs against her cheek and the 
taste  of her pussy as wave after  wave on sensation washed  over 
her. The two of them, she knew, had only scratched the tip of the 
iceberg of passion!

     
     Don rolled over and put his arms around the ample body  next 
to him, his cock lying along the deep crease of her buttocks.  He 
felt  her  behind pressing back against him as he  carressed  her 
breast.

     "Who was that?" he asked as she hung up the phone.

     "A friend of yours."

     "Carolyn?"

     "Uh huh."

     Don was silent.

     "Well?" she asked.

     "Well what?"

     "Aren't you going to ask what she wanted?"

     His hand went down to the hairy flesh between her thighs.

     "I  know what she wants. The question is - is she  going  to 
get it?"

     "I  don't know," Connie answered quietly. "She's  different, 
isn't she?"

     "Different?"

     "You know, it's like she... never mind."

     "You like her, don't you?"

     "She was nice."

     Connie  was cut off by a probing finger that suddenly  found 
her clitoris. She twisted around and kissed the man next to her. 

     "Did we turn you on?" she asked with a husky voice.

     "You know it! I think she loves your ass almost as much as I 
do."  
     She  felt his other hand slip down between her buttocks  and 
probed  the tender flesh of her behind. It was a  relatively  new 
area of eroticism that he had found for her and she wondered what 
new treat would be in store this morning. The answer came quickly 
as  he  turned her on her stomach and spread her legs.  While  he 
probed  her cunt as deeply as his fingers could reach,  she  felt 
his  tongue at the base of her spine beginning its  slow  journey 
down to the twitching flesh of her pussy.

     She  moaned  in ecstasy as he tickled her asshole  with  the 
tip of his tongue and then ran it down to the opening of her  wet 
cunt.  Spreading the lips with his fingers, he tongue-fucked  her 
for a few moments and then went back to tickling her behind. This 
time,  one finger probed inside her ass as he continued  to  kiss 
the broad, sensitive globes of her behind.

     "Please  be  careful, Don," she murmured. "I don't  like  it 
when it hurts."

     Without removing his finger, he rose and kissed her  deeply. 
She  could taste her pussy on his lips and ws vaguely aware  that 
the sensation around her asshole had become more acute - and more 
pleasureable as the kiss went on. Then he withdrew and his tongue 
ran from the base of her neck all the way down her spine to where 
his fingers continued to excite her most secret pleasure centers.

     She  gave herself up to the pleasure he was giving and  felt 
her ass stretched wider and wider as he worked more fingers  into 
the tender hole. Unlike previous occassions, the feeling was  not 
one  of pain, but of gradual pleasure of a kind she never  before 
felt.  She let him open her legs as widely as she could and  when 
he  knelt  between  them, she knew what  would  happen  next  and 
involuntarily  flinched  as the head of his  cock  pushed  firmly 
against the excited ring of her anus. His fingers pulled her full 
cheeks apart as he pressed slowly and gently forward. Before  she 
knew  it, she felt herself filling up with his cock in a way  she 
had  never  before known, and she felt the muscles  of  her  anus 
relaxing to admit the slippery cock that was now sliding back and 
forth.

     "Stick your finger up your pussy," he told her.

     She did and felt the odd sensation of his cock moving on the 
other  side of the thin wall of tissue. The thought  excited  her 
further and she moved her ass back and forth, trying to  increase 
the sensations inside her.

     "Do you like it?" he whispered.

     "Oh,  Don!  I was so afraid you were going to  hurt  me.  It 
feels so good, though."

     Indeed, she felt as if she was stretched open to her utmost, 
and  each time he thrust his cock into her, she answered  with  a 
thrust of her ass. Men had always liked her ass, it seemed. This, 
though,  was  the  ultimate in fanny-worship,  she  thought,  and 
arched  her  back  as Don's movements began to tell  her  he  was 
starting to come. The motion excited her too, and she rubbed  her 
clitoris harder and harder as Don continued to fuck her  asshole, 
moaning and pumping his come into her.

     When  they  were finished they held each other  for  a  long 
while  without talking. His lips were near her ear and  she  felt 
his  breath  against the tender part of her neck.  They  showered 
together and looked at the clock. It was nearly time for them  to 
leave for work. Don dressed and went to the door.

     "Dinner?" he asked just before he opened it.

     Connie looked up at him.

     "Like a date?"

     "Six-thirty. See you." 

     He  was gone and she stood looking at the closed door.  When 
she was twenty, she had given herself body and soul to a man  ten 
years  older,  and when the bubble burst, she  had  been  totally 
devastated.  He turned out to be quite married with no desire  to 
change  things; the two of them had an absolutely stupendous  sex 
life, and  would stay awake long into the night talking after the 
strength  had drained from them. Connie had been ready  to  leave 
everything  for him, but he wanted no part of a  permanent  rela-
tionship.

     It  had been Carlie who had brought her back to the land  of 
the  living  by insisting she find a new  lover  immediately  and 
forget about moonlight and roses. Together, the two women went to 
Mexico  for a weekend to spend among the gigolos until they  were 
both  fully  satiated.  At one point, they ran out  of  men,  and 
Carlie  jokingly suggested they improvise with one another.  When 
Connie  jokingly agreed, Carlie produced a vibrator and  jokingly 
began  using  it on herself. By the time they were  done  joking, 
they had jokingly eaten one another and used up the batteries  in 
the  vibrator.  Connie, somewhere along the line,  confessed  her 
affair  with  Cathy and Carlie confessed more  affairs  than  she 
could remember.

     When they returned from their trip, Connie invited her lover 
to a motel for a threesome with her aunt. The two women  stripped 
him  and  tied him to the bed, one eating him while  he  ate  the 
other. They made him come repeatedly until his chest and  stomach 
was  covered  with sperm. Then they dressed and  left  him,  tied 
spread-eagle  on  the bed. Just before they  walked  out,  Connie 
called  his wife and told her where to find her husband. She  was 
never proud of herself for doing it, but she felt it restored her 
self-respect.  If  he had been honest, she knew, she  would  have 
never been so hurt. Carlie laughed for three weeks.

     Ever  since then, she had kept sex in perspective  and  took 
care not to confuse a good lay with moonlight and roses. Don  had 
fallen  into  the  first category  but,  Connie's  defenses  were 
falling slowly but surely. As much as she wanted to regard him as 
nothing  more than a hot night between the sheets, she  sensed  a 
special  chemistry  that raised danger signals. But  she  ignored 
them  and continued increasing her involvement with him.  Neither 
of  them  asked anything of the other, but Connie  was  ready  to 
restrict her love life to him and him alone, were he to ask. But, 
she knew, he would never ask - and she was happier for it.  There 
were still a thousand Carolyns in the world and as many Raymonds, 
Phillips and, perhaps, even one or two more Dons. 


     Carolyn  stepped from the shower and rubbed herself  briskly 
with  a large towel. She loved the feeling of the  soft  material 
brushing  over her skin and continued rubbing long after she  was 
dry. Her breasts tingled with the excitement of the towel and her 
nipples  stood  erect and sensitive. She licked her  fingers  and 
teased one while she continued to towel her crotch with the other 
hand. 

     Damn Alan, she swore to herself.

     She had dated him for almost a year, and the two of them had 
experienced  a complete panacea of plesure together.  Eventually, 
though, he had become serious and possessive, constantly  talking 
about  getting  married and settling down. She was not  redy  for 
that,  and knew that a marriage would end in disaster.  He  would 
not listen, though, and finally broke off their relationship. She 
closed  her eyes and remembered one of their last times  together 
as the towel slipped away and she continued rubbing her clitoris.

     He  had  tied  her to the bed that night,  and  tickled  her 
continuously with a long feather. AT first it had tickled  ony  a 
bit,  but then the sensation began to build. He had not  let  up, 
but  continued  to run the long feather over her  most  sensitive 
parts as she squealed and twisted on the bed. When she was almost 
ready to explode, he stopped and climbed up on the bed to  thrust 
his  cock into her mouth. As she sucked him, he reached back  and 
continued  rubbing  the feather up the inside of her  thighs  and 
across her inflamed pussy.

     She  came  as he was flooding her mouth with come,  and  she 
kept  on  coming  as  he dropped the  feather  and  fingered  her 
sensitive  pussy. He knew just how to make her come,  all  right. 
She  remembered  the  feel of his lips on  her  clitoris  as  she 
concentrated  on her growing orgasm. Looking down at her  crotch, 
she  imagined  his head their, but the picture became  the  light 
blonde  hair  and the mouth became Connie's as Carolyn  began  to 
come.

     She  went to her bedroom and sat on the edge of her  bed  to 
slip  on her pantyhose. She would probably be seeing  Don  today, 
and  she  wondered how he would react to her afte the  night  the 
three  of  them spent together. She also wondered  how  he  would 
react if he knew she planned to meet Connie on her own. She had a 
feeling he would not care. It was Don, she knew, who had set  her 
up  to see Connie watching them. She smiled as she pulled a  soft 
sweater  over her braless tits and wondered if Don was as bi-  as 
his women. She suspected that perhaps he was and a plan began  to 
form in the back of her mind.

     When she got to work, she dialed Connie's number and made  a 
date  to meet her for lunch. At mid-morning, she bumped into  Don 
as she went to get coffee.

     "Hello,"  she said saucily. "I enjoyed our date last  night. 
You know how to treat a girl to a different evening!"

     Don smiled and looked around to make sure no one else was in 
earshot.

     "The pleasure was all mine," he told her.

     "I wouldn't bet on it!" she laughed.

     He laughed.

     "Connie  enjoyed meeting you," he said. "Maybe we should  do 
it again sometime."

     "Count on it!" she told him and went back to her office.

     She met Connie at lunch and after soem small talk, she  told 
her  what she was planning. Connie listened intently  as  Carolyn 
talked.

     "I  thought you were just interested in the two of us,"  she 
said  at  last.  "I  didn't realize  you  were  interested  in  a 
foursome."

     Carolyn  looked  down at the tabletop and then  directly  at 
Connie.

     "That  hasn't changed," she told her. "I still want it  with 
you one on one. How about you?"

     "I'd  like that, I think," Connie replied softly.  "And  the 
other sounds good too. I'd like to see Don in action with another 
guy ans see how he likes..."

     "Oh  my!"  Carolyn teased. "Don't tell me  that  rascal  has 
gotten to your backdoor!"

     Connie  blushed and looked away. Carolyn reachd out nad  put 
her hand on the other woman's arm.

     "I  didn't  mean anything, Connie. I mean, I've  done  it  a 
couple  of times, too. It just hurts too much for me to  enjoy  a 
whole lot, and Don's so big!"

     "He's  not so bad," Connie told her with a shy  smile.  "But 
it's not somethng I'd like for a steady diet."

     "Are you busy tonight?" Carolyn asked.

     "Actually,  I am. Don's taking me to dinner. Believe  it  or 
not,  it's  our  first  date. But maybe  we  could  get  together 
tomorrow or the next evening."
     
     "Tomorrow,  then.  Come to my place after work  for  dinner. 
Bring your toothbrush, if you want," Carolyn added coyly.

     "All right," Connie agreed, her breath beginning to  shorten 
for  some  reason.  The  pact  the  two  women  were  making  was 
surprisingly  exciting  for  her, as she could  see  it  was  for 
Carolyn.   
     "I feel like a schoolgirl," she laughed, trying to break the 
tension building in her.

     Carolyn grinned.

     "I need another drink," she said. "You do strange things  to 
me."

     Now it was Connie's turn to laugh.

     "Tomorrow night we'll see what strange things happen!"

     "It's going to be like forever. Especially with you and  Don 
together  tonight."

     "Please,  Carolyn.  Don't be the jealous type  -  especially 
about men. I don't think I'm ready for that."

     "Who me? Not a chance. I'm just thinking tht you'll be  get-
ting a good shot of what I want while all I'll have is my  trusty 
vibrator and the TV Guide! If you need company, Honey, give me  a 
call!" Carolyn assured her.

     Carolyn smiled.

     "Don't  wait up," she told the other woman. "Believe  it  or 
not, this is going to be our first date and I have a feeling it's 
going to be a good one."

     Carolyn  nodded sagely. She wondered if perhaps Allen  might 
change  his mind for one night. She did not relish  spending  the 
evening  alone with visions of Don and Connie going  through  her 
mind.

     "Tomorrow,  then,"  she confirmed. "See you  about  six,  if 
that's all right."

     Connie smiled.

     "I wouldn't miss it for the world," she promised.

     Allen proved to be more steadfast than Carolyn suspected  he 
could be, and she began to suspect he had other interests to keep 
him  on  the  straight and narrow.  She  considered  going  to  a 
singles place to see if she could get lucky, but decided  against 
it.  At  the last moment, she dressed and went to  a  movie  that 
advertised  two  "Thumbs  Up" from Siskel and  Ebert.  It  was  a 
mystery thriller and she enjoyed it thoroughly. It was not  until 
she  had left the theater on her way home that she  realized  she 
had  not thought of Connie for hours. In bed, however, the  light 
haired woman captured her thoughts as her fingers brought her  to 
shivvering  climaxes  before sleep and she  slept  soundly  until 
morning.

     Connie rushed home to shower and change before Don  arrived. 
She  hated  to admit it, but she was as nervous as she  had  been 
before her first date in high school. Of course, that evening had 
been a movie and an ice cream on the way home. The big event  was 
a  kiss  in front of her door. With Don, she  wondered  where  it 
would  lead! All she knew was that she was terribly  excited  and 
could not wait to see him.

     Don  arrived promptly and kissed her lightly as  he  ushered 
her to his car. He would not tell her where they were going,  but 
headed out of the city and up the coast. When he pulled into  the 
long  drive that wound up to the Castle Amboy, Connie  turned  to 
him in shock. The Castle Amboy was notoriously expensive, had its 
own airstrip and catered to a very exclusive clientele. In  fact, 
she  had never met anyone who had actually stayed there, and  she 
could  barely remember talking to anyone who had even had  dinner 
in one of its fabled "dinner suites".

     "This is too expensive!" she protested. 

     "Don't you think you're worth it?" Don laughed.

     "That's  not the point. You don't have to do this for me.  I 
mean, you're sweet, but this is just..."

     Don laughed as she stumbled with the words.

     "Do you feel Caribbean tonight?" he asked.

     Connie shrugged and shook her head. Obviously, Don had  gone 
to some trouble to set this up for her. A parking valet took  his 
car  and a middle-aged man escorted them to their private  dinner 
suite. Conniw was not prepared for what she encountered.

     Passing  through  what seemed to be a  standard  hotel  room 
door, they entered a luscious suite that overlooked the ocean. In 
the  center  of  the room was a steaming hot  tub  surrounded  by 
overstuffed  pads  and  thick chenille wraps.  Large  palm  trees 
framed a long table holding a lush assortment of appetizers. Soft 
reggae music accentuated the panorama of the sun setting into the 
ocean. Connie stood overwhelmed for a moment.

     "It's beautiful!" she whispered to Don.

     "Join me in some good clean fun?" he indicated the  steaming 
hot  tub and flipped a switch. Immediately the tub  frothed  with 
turbulence as jets of air surged through it.

     They had just settled into the hot water when a panel Connie 
had  not  noticed opened and a tall black girl entered.  She  was 
wearing  a bright sarong affair which was so diaphenous that,  at 
second glance, Connie could see she wore nothing beneath it.  Her 
halter  was made of the same material andher small, hard  breasts 
peeked through impudently. She carried two fruit-laden drinks.

     "Island punch," she announced in a quiet voice.

     As  she  knelt beside the hot tub, Connie caught  the  light 
scent  of  her perfumed body, as well as a tinge of  -  something 
else,  very faint but most definitely there. Connie  looked  into 
the  girls  deep brown eyes and caught a  glimpse  of  amusement. 
Under  the frothing water, Don's foot slipped between her  thighs 
and teased her as she brought hte frosty drink to her lips.

     "My  name is Tasulla, and I am from the island of  Tatu,  in 
the Grenadines," the girl said in sing-song island accent. "I  am 
to serve you tonight, and I will be helped by Panna. If you  want 
anything  at all, simply call for either of us. We will never  be 
that far away. And now, enjoy your drinks. When you hear my bell, 
it  means I will be coming in in a few moments. I will  tell  you 
when dinner is almost ready."

     As she stood up to leave, Connie saw her silhouetted against 
the  evening  sky.  Her buttocks were firm and  round  under  the 
sarong,  and  as she stepped away with a long,  sensual  sort  of 
movement, Connie saw the shadowy trace of her curly bush. Nor was 
the  girl's lush sensuality wasted on Don, she noted.  Under  the 
water, the foot slowly rubbed her cunt as they watched the  round 
globes of Tasulla's behind disappear through the panel.

     "I thought you would appreciate this place," Done told her.

     "It  must  cost a fortune! How did you ever find  out  about 
it?"

     He shrugged.

     "Business,"   he   told  her.  "It's  a   rather   exclusive 
orgnization,  but  it's  world-wide and  caters  to  a  corporate 
budget. There are various degrees of service, of course, but  the 
theme is always on elegance. It's your kind of place! How do  you 
like the help?"

     "I'm waiting to see Panna," she grinned. "I assume he's  the 
male counterpart of that beautiful creature."

     "You'll soon find out," Don told her and slid around the hot 
tub to sit beside her.

     Under  the  water, she found his soft cock and  squeezed  it 
slowly  before  she found his balls floating loosely in  the  hot 
water.  Without warning, he took her face between his  hands  and 
kissed  her  deeply. Then he held her close to him and  they  sat 
quietly  with  their  arms  around  one  another  as  the   water 
bubbled frantically. 

     "Oh Don!" she whispered. "I don't want to love you!"

     "It's  all right, Connie," he told her. "You know I'm  crazy 
about you. We'll work it all out. We're the same kind of  people. 
It's going to be wonderful."

     She buried her face in his neck and felt his arms around her 
tighten.  She  no longer felt like the big horse of a  woman  she 
always  thought herself to be. Instead, she felt small,  delicate 
and  protected  in his arms. They stood in the steaming  tub  and 
kissed  again. This time, her hands ran down over his behind  and 
then  up to clasp the back of his neck. His penis was  no  longer 
soft but pressed against her belly as they stood. 

     "You make me feel so good!" she murmured. She wanted to  say 
more, much more, but she was afraid to spoil the moment.

     She did not have to, for his hands running over her back and 
holding  her waist talked for him. They really knew  very  little 
about one another, but the feeling was there, all right. She  was 
too  street-wise to hope it would last forever, but she  knew  it 
was much more than a fast lay!

     Don's hands moved further and soon he was cupping her  large 
buttocks, pulling her close to him  as he continued kissing  her. 
Connie liked to have him play with her behind because she knew he 
really appreciated the smooth, round globes of her ass. His penis 
continued  pressing against her belly and she slid her  own  hand 
down to finger its probing tip.

     A tiny bell rang somewhere.

     "Oh damn!" Connie swore. "I've never fucked in a hot tub!"

     Don laughed and pulled her down into the water, causing  her 
to  straddle  him. She squealed in surprise as his  cock  pressed 
against  her pussy, and she shifted her weight to let  him  enter 
her.

     "Tasulla  is  going to catch us!" she giggled and  felt  his 
cock sliding along the tight walls of her cunt.

     "Would  you  like another drink?" Tasulla said  from  behind 
them, causing Conne to freeze momentarily.

     "Not  right  now," Don replied. "We're working  on  our  own 
recipe."

     The  island girl giggled as Connie rotated her hips  on  his 
cock. Don raised himself trying to thrust into her and lifted her 
ass almost clear of the water. She knew the girl could easily see 
his  cock  going  into her and blushed  when  she  realized  that 
Tasulla showed no inclination to leave them.

     Instead,  she  felt strong hands massaging the back  of  her 
neck and realized Tasulla was in the hot tub with them. The hands 
felt  good, as did Tasulla's muscular body pressing her flank  as 
she felt Don going deeper and deeper into her. In the water,  she 
felt almost weightless. Tasulla's hands were rubbing her back and 
slipping under her arms to lightly cup her full tits.

     "Such a pretty lady and such a big man," the girl crooned as 
she fondled Connie's tits and tweaked her nipples.

     "Oh God!" Connie moaned as her orgasm began to come.

     Don was already moving in short spasms that told her he  was 
shooting deep inside her and she burried her face in his neck  as 
she  came. Tasulla laughed softly and slipped her hand under  the 
water to caress Connie's pussy.

     "How was it?" Don asked.

     "Too  much! You do things to me nobody else even  thinks  of 
doing!"

     "Hungry?"

     Connie  nodded as she watched Tasulla climb out of the  tub. 
She  was an ebony statue with glistening breasts and firm,  round 
buttocks. Her muscular thighs framed a bush of tight curls as she 
picked up a broad terry cloth and wrapped it around Connie. 

     "Dinner be ready soon," she said and left the room, carrying 
her scanty costume with her.

     "Is that part of the service?" Connie asked as they  watched 
the black girl undulate from the room.

     "The  dinner suite comes with a complete fantasy," Don  told 
her. "Tasulla is highly trained and very capable, I'm told."

     They  towelled  briskly and dressed as Tasulla  entered  the 
room  once more. This time, she was accompanied by a young  black 
man  dressed in tight-fitting trousers and a colorful shirt  open 
to the waist. He wheeled a large cart that held their dinner.

     "What are we having? I'm starved!" Connie said.

     "I think it's curried goat," Don told her. "Whatever it  is, 
I'm sure it'll be delicious."

     They  talked  quietly as they ate, words flowing  from  them 
easily.  He  told her of his divorce and the unhappiness  he  had 
left behind, and she spoke quietly of her life and the hopes  she 
had always kept to herself. 

     "I  never  considered  remarrying  because  I  never  really 
believed I could be faithful to just one person," he confided. "I 
guess that means something."

     She smiled and avoided his eyes.
     
     "Maybe  you don't have to," she said. "I feel the same  way. 
Do you think you could stand your wife screwing someone else?"

     "I  never thought so, but now I'm not sure. Tying  your  sex 
life  to just one person just wouldn't seem to fit you," he  told 
her.  "Sometime  I'd like to see what you're  like  with  another 
man."

     Connie looked at him evenly.

     "Sometime  I'd  like to see what you're  like  with  another 
man!" she challenged.

     Don blushed.

     "It  depends on the man," he told her with a  shrug.  "Right 
now, I can't think of anyone that would fulfill your fanstasy."

     Connie looked down at her plate. One of her secret fantasies 
was to be shared by two men. She had made it come true once,  but 
the men were nervous and intimidated by one another. Perhaps, she 
later wondered, things would have been different if they had been 
bisexual.  She remembered the feeling of cocks exploding  in  her 
pussy and her mouth at the same time and shuddered. 

     They were curled up on a wide couch drinking a sweet  liquor 
as  Panna  and Tasulla cleared away dinner. As the  two  of  them 
moved  around  the room, she noticed that Panna's  trousers  were 
made of the same thin material as Tasulla's sarong. She could see 
his cock lying thick and long against his thigh and stared at  it 
hungrily.  Don saw her interest and gently rubbed her  breast  as 
she followed the young man.

     "I'm  sorry!" she apologized when she realized what she  had 
been doing. "You must think I'm terrible!"

     "I  was wondering when you were going to get around  to  the 
real  entertainment  of  the evening," Don  laughed.  "Panna  and 
Tasulla think you're a very pretty lady. So do I!"

     "I  feel  funny!" Connie said self-consciously and  put  her 
head  on his shoulder. She felt him motion and decided  to  close 
her eyes and wait.

     Moments  later, she was rewarded by soft  hands  unbuttoning 
her  blouse and feeling her breasts. When she opened her eyes,  a 
naked  Panna was standingover her, gently removing  her  clothes. 
His  large  cock hung down, its black head shining like  a  large 
plum.  Next  to her, an equally naked Tasulla was  on  her  knees 
working  Don's pants down his legs with one hand while the  other 
fondled his stiff dick.

     "How do you like them?" he asked.

     "They're beautiful!" she breathed. "Look how lovely his cock 
is!"

     Tasulla knelt back and looked at her.

     "Panna  thinks you very pretty, Lady," she said  shyly,  and 
the young man looked down at Connie expectantly.

     She  leaned  forward  to kiss the head of  his  huge  penis, 
running her tongue into the tiny slit. Beside her, Tasulla filled 
her  mouth with Don's cock. Panna knelt down and buried his  face 
between  Connie's thighs and expertly licked her  pussy.  Without 
warning, he stopped and Tasulla took his place.

     The  girl's  touch was gentle and exciting as  she  ran  her 
tongue  into the secrets of Connie's snatch, but Panna  was  even 
more  interesting as he engulfed Don's cock, his own nine  inches 
sticking out straight. As Tasulla lapped her cunt, Connie reached 
out  and  stroked the huge black cock bobbing alongside  of  her. 
Don's eyes squinted shut as he enjoyed the remarkable blow-job he 
was  receiving.  Wriggling  around, she captured  the  huge  cock 
between her lips and marvelled at the spongy feel of its head  as 
she pressed her lips down on it. The tip of her tongue opened the 
large slit and she tasted the light saltiness of clear fluid.  As 
she  sucked  more  of it in, she could feel it  jump  as  Panna's 
muscles  spasmed at her touch. Concentrating, she took the  black 
man's full cock deep into her throat and felt the coarse hair  of 
his balls against her cheek.

     Tasulla  was  doing  something  interesting  ot  her  pussy, 
filling  it with air one moment and sucking it out the  next.  No 
one had ever done that to her before, and the repeated  sensation 
was sending eerie feelings up and down her back as she sucked the 
throbbing  cock.  Glancing down, she saw the black  girl's  hands 
busily  frigging  herself as she worked on  Connie's  soft  cunt. 
Panna  groaned  as she relinquished his cock and slid  around  to 
grasp  the girl's hips. Tasulla moved expertly to cover  Connie's 
mouth  with her pussy and raised one knee so that she could  look 
beside  her  and watch the spectacle of her lover going  down  on 
Panna's  huge  cock as the two men sucked one another in  the  69 
position.

     Connie  sobbed as she started to come and sucked eagerly  on 
Tasulla's  clitoris until she felt the tremors shake  the  pretty 
girl's  body as they had hers. Beside her, Don  humped  furiously 
into  Panna's mouth and filled his own with the man's huge  dick. 
Even  as  he was writhing under the pangs of his own  orgasm,  he 
stopped sucking and massaged the long penis until great fountains 
of  white shot up and sprayed the two women with sticky  come.  A 
thick glob landed on Tasulla's cheek and Connie sensuously licked 
it  off, savoring the strong taste of male sperm.  Leaning  over, 
she licked Panna's cock clean and then kissed Don deeply, letting 
her tongue carry the taste of come to him.

     "Wow!" she said.

     Don laughed.

     "Does that satisfy your curiosity?"

     "For  the  moment,  anyhow," Connie  told  him.  "There  are 
probably a lot more things I have to learn about you!"

     "That goes double. I bet Panna's never been sucked like that 
in his life!"
     
     The  young man grinned shyly and Connie looked at  his  cock 
lying flacid along his thigh. She reached out and stroked it  and 
felt  the blood begin rushing back to swell it once more.  Beside 
her,  Tasulla giggled and she felt the girls hands  stroking  her 
ass.  Panna's cock continued to grow until he had a full  hard-on 
once again. He rolled over and she opened her thighs for him. The 
huge cock entered her quickly and easily, spreading her wide  and 
pressing  hard against her cervix. She spread her legs  wide  and 
stroked his hairy balls against the tender skin of her ass as  he 
began fucking her. She closed her eyes and savored every inch  of 
the long rod that was stretching her pussy to impossible limits.

     Tasulla  had turned around and was stroking them where  they 
joined, bringing her pussy to Connie's eye level. She watched  as 
the beautiful brown legs parted to expose black lips  surrounding 
a firey pink pussy. Don's white cock slid between the velvet lips 
and  disappeared into the wet hole as Connie watched. The  rhythm 
of the two fucking people was accentuated by Panna's deep thrusts 
and she realized Don was fondling her tit as he fucked Tasulla. 

     Slowly and gradually, Panna increased his rhythm and  Connie 
became  less  and less aware of Don and  Tasulla  although  their 
slippery genitals were scant inches from her face. The huge  cock 
had her entire attention and she knew Panna was getting ready  to 
come.  Her  own orgasm was only moments away, and  when  the  man 
started making frantic sounds and thrusting deep inside her,  she 
wrapped  her thighs around him tightly and thrust her ass up  and 
down with a rotating motion that fucked him deep and strong.  Her 
pussy  flexed and flexed as she milked the big cock like a  cow's 
tit  and felt a river of come squirting out of her pussy  to  run 
down the crack of her ass.

     Don  had pulled Tasulla up to her knees and drove  into  her 
from behind. Connie looked up at his cock going in and out of her 
and impulsively kissed her clitoris and the thrusting shaft  with 
its wrinkled sac hanging down. Don was moaning and she could  see 
white liquid seeping out around the driving cock as he shot  into 
her. As his cock slipped out, she kissed the gaping cunt and  his 
come flooded down into her mouth. Tasulla held onto Panna's chest 
as  she  caught  her  breath.  Both  of  them  might  have   been 
professionals,  Connie  thought  to herself, but  they  had  been 
soundly fucked that night!

     "When you take a girl to dinner, you really turn her  head!" 
she remarked as they drove back toward home.

     Don laughed at that.

     "I  love  being  with you!" he told her.  "You're  the  most 
exciting woman I think I've ever met."

     "More exciting than Tasulla?"

     "She's  a trained and seasoned pro. You're real. Besides,  I 
think you're prettier. You're my type of woamn."

     "That's why you took Carolyn back to your apartment and  let 
me  watch you screwing her, I guess. That's some kind  of  court-
ship!  I  guess it's all right, though. I ended up  screwing  her 
too!"

     Don slowed the car down and half turned toward Connie.

     "I don;t want to say the wrong thing, but Carolyn was a long 
time  ago and so was Suzy. I'm working on right now, and  it's  a 
lot  more than I bargained for. You're enough woman to  keep  any 
man busy! I'm not the one-woman type, you might have noticed - no 
more than you're a one-man woman. I think we can work it out.  If 
you'd like, tomorrow we can do something a little more ordinary."

     Connie flinched as she remembered her date with Carolyn. She 
regretted ever making it now. Don was beginning to say the  right 
things  and  she had no desire to involve anyone as  volatile  as 
Carolyn in what promised to be a true love affair for her.

     "What's  the matter?" Don asked. "Am I coming on too  strong 
for you. I thought you wanted me to be honest."

     "Oh  Don,"  she gasped, "I'm sorry. I was just  thinking  of 
something else. What you were just saying is wonderful. In  fact, 
I  feel just about the same way about you. It's just that  I  had 
made  other plans for tomorrow and I'm wondering how I can  break 
them. I love being with you!"

     She  put her hand on his arm as she spoke and then  slid  it 
inside his shirt to caress his bare chest. His arm around her, he 
slid  it under the hem of her blouse nad cupped her  breast,  his 
fingers playing over the nipple as they drove.

     "Don't  change your plans. We'll do it the  following  night 
and, if you want, we can spend the weekend together. I'm sure  we 
can find something to do! - Or somebody!"

     Connie giggled and ran her hand between his legs to feel the 
bulge  of  his soft cock. They continued in silence  for  a  long 
while,  each  savoring the lush pleasure of being  close  to  the 
other.  When the car stopped in front of Connie's  building,  she 
wrapped her arms around him and kissed him passonately.

     "Do you want to come in?" she asked.

     "It's  late," he told her regretfully, "and we have to  work 
tomorrow.  We'd beter save it for later. Besides, I  don't  think 
there's much more left."

     She smiled and opened the car door.

     "Leave your curtain open," she told him. "I want to see  you 
getting ready for bed."

     When she had gotten ready for bed, she slipped on a robe and 
looked out the window. Don waved to her. He was naked, laying  on 
his  bed. His cock was still soft and hung down between his  open 
legs.  She  waved  back and let the robe  slide  down  her  body, 
exposing her broad, white bottom. She knew how much he loved  her 
ass  and  she ran her hands over it knowing he was  watching  her 
every move. Slowly, she crawled up on her bed, exposing the  soft 
flesh  between  her  thighs as she drew herself up  on  the  bed. 
Reaching over, she turned out the light.

     Don's light remained on for a few moments as he savored  the 
evening  and  thought  about  Connie.  She  was  more  than  just 
attractive  - she was the most exciting woman he had  ever  known 
and  he wondered if she had any idea of how attracted he  was  to 
her. He slowly rubbed his cock as he remembered Janna's going  in 
and  out  of  her. She was even less inhibited than  he  and  was 
probably laying in the dark watching him. 

     He stood up and thought about going over to her apartment to 
fuck her, but thought better of it. He was fucked out!

     Connie arrived at Carolyn's apartment after much indecision. 
She  did  not  want  to  alienate  the  woman,  but  her  growing 
relationship  with  Don made a sexual encounter such  as  Carolyn 
suggested  somewhat awkward. Had it been another man,  she  would 
have rejected it immediately. But the tryst with Carolyn was just 
off-beat and excitingly wicked enough to pique her curiosity.

     "I'm  just a hot-blooded slit!" she told herself as she  had 
so many times in the past.

     Connie  had  long ago recognized that she had  never  really 
been seduced, but had been a passive seductress. Her early affair 
with  Kathy had been as much prodded along by her as anyone,  and 
she  remembered her persistence in finding out just how  far  her 
Aunt Carlie would take her. Connie loved sex in all its forms and 
each time she tried something new, it seemed, she found something 
else she liked.

     As  she  rang Carolyn's doorbell, her  stomach  filled  with 
tiny,  fluttering butterflies that grew to be 747's as  the  door 
opened  and  Carolyn stood before her dressed in  an  ultra-sheer 
gown  that hugged her trim body like another skin  and  displayed 
every  dimple  and  hair as if it was not there.  She  was  truly 
breathtaking.

     "Like my outfit?" she asked with a wink.

     "It's great!" Connie told her. "I wish I could get away with 
something like that. I'd just look like the great white whale!"

     Carolyn gave her a playful kiss and squeezed her behind.

     "If  you were wearing something like this, I'd rape  you  on 
the spot!" she said when she closed the door.

     Connie  stroked  the other girl's behind and felt  the  warm 
flesh under the slippery material.

     "Maybe you wouldn't have to," she replied.

     "I bought something for you," Carolyn told her, indicating a 
package  on the sofa. "I had to guess at the size, so try  it  on 
while I finish getting dinner ready."

     Connie protested, but opened the package. Inside was a  gown 
similar  to  Carolyn's. Connie looked around  the  apartment  and 
began  unbuttoning her blouse as the other woman moved about  the 
kitchen.   While  Connie  changed,  Carolyn  kept  up   a   light 
conversation,  chating  about the weather, her job and  her  last 
vacation.  Connie could tell she was nervous  with  anticipation, 
and  felt  her  own butterflies growing as she  slipped  off  her 
clothes and let the thin, slippery material slide over her body.

     In the mirror, she could see why Carolyn had bought it.  Her 
breasts  stood out opaquely and she could see the traces of  each 
little bump around her nipples. Her pubic hair was a dark  shadow 
that moved sexily as she walked and, turning around, she saw  her 
ass stood out round and firm. Putting her hands on her hips,  she 
flexed  the muscles in her buttocks and saw the material jump  as 
her  ass cheeks firmed and relaxed. It was the sexiest thing  she 
had ever worn.

     A low whistle from behind signalled Carolyn's approval.

     "I  was about to say dinner's ready, but I think I'd  rather 
eat  you!" she said as she ran her hands over Connie's waist  and 
hips.

     Connie put her arms around her and cupped her trim buttocks, 
feeling her warm body against hers.

     "I'd like that," she whispered huskily. The butterflies were 
flying high.

     Carolyn broke away suddenly.

     "Come  on! We eat first. If I start with you, I'm liable  to 
go all night!"

     Connie alughed and followed Carolyn to the small alcove that 
served as a dining room. Her appetite was set for something other 
than  food, but she could see the woman had put some effort  into 
the  meal which was steaming and looked delicious. They sat  down 
and Carolyn poured two glasses of white wine to offer a toast.

     "To our very special friendship," she toasted.

     Connie  looked  directly  into her eyes as  she  sipped  the 
delicious  wine. Any doubts she had had about the night had  gone 
away. As Carolyn dished out the shrimp bisque, Connie watched her 
small breasts move under the sexy gown she wore.

     "It  looks  delicious!" she said and tasted it.  "Mmm!  It's 
wonderful."

     "I  like to cook, but I don't often get a chance. I  thought 
you'd  enjoy it tonight. Eat up, girl. You're going to  need  the 
energy!"

     As  they ate, Connie saw that Carolyn ws openly  staring  at 
her breasts.

     "Do you like them?" she asked.

     "What?  Oh,  I'm  sorry. I guess I was  letting  myself  get 
carried away. You have a great set. In a little while, I'll  show 
you how much I like them."

     "They've  gotten  me  in  trouble  before,"  Connie  replied 
lightly, and went on to tell her about her early experiences with 
Kathy,  adding just enough detail to spice the  conversation.  As 
she  talked about Kathy, visions of Carolyn's naked  body  filled 
her mind, and she felt herself getting wetter and wetter.

     Carolyn, too, was feeling the effects of Connie's story  and 
poured each of them a healthy glass of wine and suggested they go 
into the living room where soft music was playing. 

     "Can I help you clear the table?" Connie asked.

     "No.  Just  make yourself comfortable,"  Carolyn  told  her. 
"I'll  get  dessert  for  us,  and  then  we  can  continue   our 
conversation. There are some pictures in the album on the  coffee 
table, if you like snap shots."

     She  said the last with a bit of a leer and Connie  knew  to 
look at the picture album before she did anything.

     "Carolyn!" she whistled. 

     The album was filled with photos of Carolyn in all poses  of 
sexual  abandon with any number of people. In one, she  and  four 
men  made up an interesting configuration while two  other  women 
looked  on.  Connie assumed a fourth took  the  picture.  Another 
photo  showed the four women performing an intricate daisy  chain 
with Carolyn in a pivotal position between two of them.

     One complete section dealt with Carolyn and a handsome young 
man.  No one else was in the pictures, and Connie was  sure  they 
had been taken with an automatic time-delay camera.

     "That's Alan," said Carolyn sitting close beside her.  "Best 
fuck I ever had. He could keep it hard for hours!"

     Connie  smelled her perfume and also the unmistakeable  odor 
of  excited pussy - perhaps her own! Connie turned the  page  and 
saw Alan fucking Carolyn dog-style, Carolyn jerking off Alan, and 
Alan's tongue laving Carolyn's pussy.

     "I can't believe you have all these pictures," Connie  said. 
"What if soeone gets ahold of them?"

     "I  keep them locked up, normally. I took them  out  tonight 
because I thought you might like them."

     "You're  a  little sex bomb!" Connie  laughed.  "What's  the 
wildest thing you ever did?"

     Carolyn laughed.

     "I  don't  know. I pulled a train on five guys  when  I  was 
nineteen,"  she  said,  "but  the Butterflies  were  a  lot  more 
exciting than that."

     "The Butterflies?"

     "Sort of a club I belong to. We get together every couple of 
months and party. Everybody's bisexual, and you know how much fun 
that can be!"

     Connie  nodded  but did not get a chance to say  anymore  as 
Carolyn's mouth came down on hers, tongues lashing one another in 
a  frenzy.  Carolyn's hands roamed over Connie's large  tits  and 
she, in turn, fondled the other girl's nipples and felt them grow 
stiff  and hard. Without breaking their kiss, they  stripped  one 
another's  gown away and Connie ran her hand down the  length  of 
Carolyn's smooth body, feeling her smooth, tight ass.


     "So  pretty!"  Connie murmured as they finally  broke  their 
kiss  for  Carolyn  to slip down and  begin  sucking  an  excited 
nipple.  She slipped further down until she was kneeling  on  the 
floor  between  Connie's  feet, her cheek resting  on  the  other 
girl's stomach.

     "Lie back and lift your legs," Carolyn told her.

     Connie obeyed and looked down. Carolyn bent to her open cunt 
and  captured  the  swollen clitoris between her  lips.  Her  wet 
tongue  wiped  langorously  from the rich nest  of  hair  to  the 
puckered  anus and back again. Connie closed her eyes in  ecstasy 
as  Carolyn's  tongue  ran in and out of her pussy  while  a  wet 
finger  tickled her asshole. Carolyn sucked and licked her as  no 
one  had  for  a long time. Not even  Don  with  his  experienced 
tongue, or Suzy with her eager mouth, had come close to  bringing 
her  this much concentrated pleasure and her orgasm  came  within 
moments.

     Carolyn  slid  up onto her and kissed her again.  She  could 
taste her cunt on the other girl's lips and cupped her ass as she 
returned the kiss. Then she eased her body over until she was  on 
top of her and slid back to her knees beside the sofa. It was her 
turn!  Lifting the small woman's leg, she placed a full  kiss  on 
her pouting cunt and tasted the wet juices running out of it. The 
odor of Carolyn's was a little stronger than she had  remembered, 
but  it  fired her lust even more and she caught the  girl's  fat 
clitoris in her lips and bored her tongue along the length.  Then 
she  peeled  back the tiny folds at its tip and licked  it  more. 
Carolyn twisted and squealed as Connie worked. Digging her  heels 
into Connie's back, she came violently, gasping and shuddering as 
the other woman gave her no mercy, but pressed her face into  her 
cunt and shook her head as if she was possessed.

     Finally,  the  two lay back in  exhaustion,  Connie's  cheek 
pressed against Carolyn's wet thigh.

     "My  God, you're good!" Carolyn exclaimed. "I  haven't  come 
like that for years - not even with a vibrator!"

     "Don't tell me you use a vibrator!" Connie said. 

     "Sure. It's a girl's best friend. Don't you have one?"

     Connie shook her head  as they untangled themselves and  got 
off the sofa.

     "Come  on,  then,"  Carolyn  laughed.  "The  night  is  just 
beginning!"

     In her bedroom, Carolyn displayed her collection of  dildoes 
to Connie's amazement. They came in all sizes and colors, some so 
life-like  they  scared her. At Carolyn's insistence,  she  chose 
one, a nine-inch replica of a penis that seemed impossibly  wide, 
although Carolyn assured her it was nicely accommodated. When she 
picked  it up, she found it was made of a rubbery substance  that 
felt  not unlike the real thing. Carolyn flipped a switch in  its 
base and it came to life, vibrating and twisting in her hand.

     Carolyn led her to the wide bed and began kissing her slowly 
and  sensously from her head to her navel. Her fingers played  at 
Connie's  pussy as she sucked the big girl's tits  and  carressed 
her smooth skin. Her hairy bush rubbed against Connie's thigh and 
she  opened  her legs to make the wet lips smear a wet  trail  of 
pussy  juice along the bigger woman's leg Connie raised one  knee 
and let her slip two delicate fingers into her cunt as  Carolyn's 
tongue swirled around the dimple of her navel and across her soft 
pubic hair.

     Carolyn  replaced her fingers with the  twisting,  throbbing 
dildo and Connie gasped as the vibrating cock entered her vagina, 
spreading  the  walls almost to the limits  of  their  endurance. 
Moments later, she felt a second one playing across her  clitoris 
as Carolyn pivoted around on the bed to bring her dripping  pussy 
to  Connie's lips. While Connie sucked the girl's  clitoris,  she 
reached down and took the dildo rubbing her clit from  cvarolyn's 
hand and slowly inserted into the girl's pussy. Carolyn  squealed 
in  excitement  and rotated her pelvis into Connie's  mouth.  Her 
strong  woman  odor  evoked a heady sensation in  Connie  as  she 
watched  the  broad  vibrator sliding in and  out  of  her  cunt. 
Carolyn's  ass  rode high and vulnerable, and Connie  tickled  it 
with  a  wet finger as she spread her own legs as widely  as  she 
could. Without hesitation, Carolyn began finger-fucking  Connie's 
ass  and Connie returned the favor with gusto as  another  orgasm 
built within her. 

     As  the  two  women twisted and  shuddered  their  ecstasies 
between them, Connie altered between reveries of Kathy's feverish 
caresses  and  the steamy presence of  Carolyn's  highly  skilled 
touch. The heavy taste and odor of cunt lingered in her mouth and 
when  they kissed, she tasted the subtly different taste  of  her 
own pussy on Carolyn's lips.

     It  had  been Kathy who had first thought of  rubbing  their 
pussies  together, but it had been she who had turned it  into  a 
lush  and sensual kiss. This night, it was Carolyn who  scissored 
their  legs  together  until her wet  cunt  pressed  squarely  on 
Connie's,  both sets of lips open and pulsing with  desire.  They 
moved  against  one another in slow, heavy circles,  making  sure 
of  full  contact on one another's vulva and  clitoris.  As  they 
moved, Carolyn took one of Connie's feet and sucked her toes  one 
by one while Connie did the same. Their juices flowed and mingled 
as each experienced orgasm after orgasm. Finally they  collapsed, 
exhausted.

     Connie awoke and stretched. Carolyn was sprawled beside her, 
snoring lightly and she quietly eased herself out of bed and went 
into the bathroom. Sitting on the john, she examined herself  and 
saw  her pussy lips swollen and red. She peed and patted  herself 
tenderly  with  the toilet paper. Carolyn's lips and  thick  cunt 
hair  had taken their toll on her soft flesh. Looking in  on  the 
bed,  she  could see Carolyn sleeping on her back with  her  legs 
spread wide. Her pussy lips were dark and puffy and her  clitoris 
lay full and prominent. Had not Connie had such satisfying  night 
already,  she  would have been tempted to  taste  those  luscious 
petals again.

     Instead,  she  quietly  slipped on  her  skirt  and  blouse, 
stuffing her underwear and pantyhose into her pocketbook. Softly, 
she kissed the sleeping girl's nipples and then her lips.

     "Good  night, Carolyn," she whispered and was answered by  a 
warm moan.

     Outside,  she felt the cool night air against her bare  skin 
and  slid into her car. As she drove home, she could still  taste 
the  girl's  strong  pussy on her lips  and  she  remembered  the 
excitement  of making such illicit love. As she drove along,  she 
continued  thinking and her pussy began to seep once  more.  This 
time,  however, she was thinking about Don and the way he  fucked 
her the last time they were together and the way he had held  her 
after the passion was spent.


















