Archive-name: Bondage/bitch1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Bitch


      You  went to the college mixer without expecting a  lot.   You knew  that
your roommate was away for the weekend,  but as you  didn't have a date set up,
you figured on a lonely weekend.

      Then  Dave  came up and introduced himself to you.   He  was  very
hansome,  in  a sort of Steve Guttenberg way,  Curly Black  hair,  good
muscles,  and his tight jeans gave you a good view of his  ass.   After asking
you to dance he begins coming on strong.   You decide,  What the hell,  and
mention  that you have your apartment to yourself  for  the weekend.   Even
the Family that lives downstairs in the house is  away visiting relatives.

      You both brought cars, so he gets directions from you and says that he'll
pick up some booze and some snacks on the way.  Yu rush home and  as  you've
been  feeling horny all day,  decide  to  change  into something  that will be
suggestive.   You go to your closet and put  on the red bra that opens in the
front,  a white top that has a low  scoop neck,  and a pair of tight jeans.
You were already wearing your nearly transparent black panties.

      Dave  rings  the bell as  you put the last drop of perfume in  the valley
between your breasts.

      You open the door and Dave walks in.   As he begins to  speak you
realize  that he has had a couple of drinks.   He opens a  bag  to reveal  a
quart  bottle of rum that is nearly half empty.   He  is  no longer trying to
come on to you,  he's talking as if you were his to do with as he pleased.  He
goes to the kitchen and gets a pair of glasses.

      Pouring both of you a drink,  and not bothering with  mixers, he grabs
your ass.  Before he had tried very hard to be suave, now he's just drunk.
You, on the other and are terribly horny.  He got you that way  and as you try
to think about what to do to salvage the evening he passes drunk into stage
two.   He gets up and grabs your left breast in a  proprietary way.   As you
pull away,  your top rips,  spilling  your breast out into sight.

      This  is enough.   You let him have it in the jaw  with  your right.
While the punch wasn't all that much,  he falls over, and when you go to him it
is plain that between your punch and his booze,  he is dead to the world.

      You are really pissed.   With great effort you get him turned over and
drag him out of the living room to the bedroom.

      Dave  woke up in the morning,  surprized to find himself unable to move.
When  he shook the covers off a bit,  he found that his  clothes were gone,  he
was in a strange room,  and that his hands and feet were securely tied.  Dave
struggles a bit,  and finally calls out.   You are downstairs  and enter the
room wearing a fairly see through  baby  doll nighty.   Dave  sees you and
demands to be untied.   You laugh and tell him that he has a few debts to pay
first.

      Dave  says a nasty word.   You wistle and in  comes  Rex,  your
landlord's  german  shepard.   Rex  looks like e works part time  as  a police
dog.  Rex rubs his head against your side, as you tell Dave that Rex will not
like it if hears anyone yelling at you.   You tell Rex  to go to the living
room and Rex walks out obediently.

      You  go  over Dave's behavior the way your third grade  teacher would
have gone over a fight in the playground.   You tell Dave that he needs to
change his attitude, and not to act like a ten year old.  When Dave  continues
to be unrepetant,  you leave and return with  a  safety razor and a can of
shave cream.

      You get on the bed, and as Dave struggles, grip his balls with one hand
and tell him that if he moves,  you may nick something.   When he continues to
wiggle, you tighten your grip until he lies still.

      You  are  annoyed  at his mouth.   You take  off  your  baby  doll
bottoms,  giving  him a good though quick look at your proof that  your blond
hair is natural and stuff them in his mouth. He tries to keep his mouth closed,
but a little pressure cures that.

      You  pull  an extra rope from under the bed and wrap him  about the chest
with it to hold him still.   You also use some adhesive  tape to keep his mouth
closed.

      You ask him how he likes your taste.   He can't answer, but you want  to
remind  him of what he missed by being a  prick  and  getting drunk.  You
spray out a glob of shaving cream and cover his pubic hair with it.  You grip
his rod to get leverage.  As you shave off his pubic hair  you tell him that
you are doing this because if he wants  to  act like a ten year old, he should
look the part.

      His  prick shows how even in his present position,  he is  very turned on
by what you are doing.   As you wipe the last of his hair off with  the remains
of the foam,  you tell him that one of the things  he did  that made you most
angry was to have gotten you horny and then not to have satisfied you.

      There  is an angry gleam in your eye as you fondle his prick  and balls
and tell him that when you're finnished with him,  he will  know how to act
around a woman.

      You leave him alone for about 15 minutes and then return, still only
wearing the top,  but with a polaroid camera in hour  hands.  You begin to snap
pictures of him.   Because he isn't erect when you begin, you  gently  stroke
his member until it is  hard.   You  snap  another picture  telling  him  you
want it to be  obvious  that  he's  enjoying himself.

      You  leave  the room and when you return you tell him that  you have sent
them to yourself at a friend's house where they will be safe.  If he shows the
propper attitude, you will let him see you destroy them in the middle of the
week.

      You are still wearing only the baby doll top.   Your muff shows as  you
move around,  and you can tell from his eyes that he  is  very interested.  You
make a show of bending over so he can see your ass and the blond fringe that
shows between your thighs.

      Sitting on the bed,  you stretch a moment so that your mound is in full
view,  and then reach over and begin to play with his rod.  You can hear him
moan through your panties.

      You ask him if he likes the way you taste.   He squirms at  the touch  of
your hand,  but shakes his head yes.   You ask him if he  is ready to begin
paying you back.  Your hand continues to stroke his cock as  he nods yes again.
You ask him if he is ready to taste  the  real thing.   He  nods vigorously.
You stand up,  letting go of  him.   He thrusts  his  hips  at your departing
hand,  but you walk over  to  the dresser.  Putting a gobb of hand lotion in
your hand, you return.

      You  smear it over his cock.   Tearing the tape off his  mouth, you
remove your panties from his mouth, then kneeling on either side of his face
you lower your slick mass of blond curls into his mouth.

      His  mouth  is quite dry,  but you are so wet that  it  doesn't matter.
You grip the shaft of his rod, being careful not to touch the head  (you arn't
ready to let him have any release) and stroke  him  as you give him
instructions in licking pussy.

      You  tell him he must show respect or he will be gagged  again, and the
pictures will show up all over campus.

      Dave  realizes  who  is the mistress  here.   He  follows  your
instructions to the letter as you have orgasm after orgasm.

      After  making him stop so that you can catch your  breath,  you look  at
the clock and see that it is 11:30  Saturday  morning.   Your roomate  is not
due back until late Sunday.  His cock has been hard  in your hands for nearly
40 minutes.

      You  tell  him he has done a good job on the first payment  and then
reach under the bed.   Your hand encounters a collar of Rex's  and his leash.
You put the collar on Dave's neck, and tell him that you are pleased with him
and that you plan to continue his training.   You then untie  his left foot
from the bed and tie it to his right foot so  that he  can take steps of about
1 ft.   Untying his right foot you get  him up.  His hands remain tied behind
his back.

      You take him to the bathroom on the leash, and actually give him a touch
of privacy.   Then you take him down to te kitchen and make  him breakfast,
feeding  him by hand.   You take him to the living room and tie  the  end of
the leash to the bottom of the railing on  the  stairs while you go to put
something else on.

      You warn him that you'll have to punish him if he acts up. You are up  in
your room when you hear the front door open.   You race down the stairs
wearing  only  a fairly long shirt when you  hear  your  friend Lisa's
laughter.

      Lisa  asks you what is going on,  and blushing slightly,  you fill her in
on what has happened.   She sooks at dave,  nude, tied, and on a leash and asks
you if you need some help.   You grin and tell  her yes.

      You take Dave into the back yard.   You have sunbathed in the nude  here
before  because  of the high wooden  walls,  and  now  have something  else
planned.  You have Dave sit down on one of the  lounges and  you  and  Lisa  go
over his body the way  that  you  imagine  Jack Nicholson would talk about an
exotic dancer in a sleazy movie.  Both of your hands end up going over his
shaft a lot,  as you discuss his  good and bad points.   Lisa asks you about
his being shaved.  You giggle and just  say  it  appealed to you at the time.
You tell her that  he  is fairly good with his tongue.

      Lisa  wants to find out how good.   You arrange Dave over your lap as if
he were a naughty child,  trapping his prick between your  strong thighs,  as
Lisa takes off her blue jeans and puts her pussy under his mouth.   You tell
Dave to do a good job, and begin to lightly spank his ass as he licks Lisa's
steamy cunt.

      As Dave licks her you tell him that this is his second payment and begin
really spanking him in ernest.   With solid,  hard  slaps,  about every second
you punctuate yis lapping at Lisa.
 
      When you feel him trying to rub his prick against your thighs, you stop
and grip his balls,  just to remind him who's boss.  Dave has more trouble
concentrating this time.   You keep him frustrated by grabbing his  balls
everytime he begins to get a rhythm with his cock  on  your thighs,  and swat
his reddening ass as he licks Lisa.   LIsa grabs  his head  and  tries to get
him into the groove,  but he cant  ignore  your discipline.

      Finally Lisa says,  "I'm so horny,  I can't stand this.   Turn him over
on his back." The two of you turn him over and Lisa climbs on his cock, forcing
it up her hungry cunt, demanding that he fuck her, though she seems to be doing
most of the work.  The sight reminds you that you haven't  gotten  his  cock
in you yet,  and your fingers  are  a  poor substitute.

      Climbing  onto your knees,  you lower your dripping cunt over  his face,
and demand that he eat you.  His tongue is more efficent now and you  begin  to
come almost immediatly.  As you do,  you  find  yourself leaning  against  Lisa
who first hugs you (as she  continues  to  hump Dave's captive cock) and then
kisses you.

      With  Dave's  tongue going back and forth over yor clit,  you  are
comming nearly all the time,  and after a second or two open your mouth and put
your tongue into her mouth.   A few seconds later it is all  an orgasmic haze,
her tongue, Dave licking you, her hands on your breasts, teasing your hardened
nipples.

      You  hear Dave moan from under your thighs and know after all  the
discipline  of the morning he has finally gotten his rocks  off.   Your hands
seek  out Lisa's breasts,  cupping them as  your  desire  peaks.  Seconds
later the three of you are lying on the grass in each  other's arms.

      You  look at Lisa as you regain control,  unsure of what has  just
happened.  Lisa returns your gaze, and reaches over to your well-licked pussy
and  puts her hand on it.   She begins to rub it back and  forth over your
clit,  Pulling off her shirt with her other hand. When she is nude,  she  takes
off your clothing,  never for a moment  stopping  the action  on your clit.
She gently moves her face down to it and begins to lick, her hands softly going
to your breasts.

      Out  of the corner of your eye you see poor Dave,  still tied hand and
foot, unable to take his eyes off of the two of you. Lisa licks you into  a
warm haze.   She goes between your legs,  looking  up  at  you through  the
valley of your breasts.   She begins by parting your  love lips  and first
licking all of your available juices,  and then as  she sees you looking down
at her, she grins and puts her tongue deep inside you.
  
      You gently put your hands on the sides of Lisa's head,  urging her on
with subtle movements.   Her hands slide up your body,  stopping at your
nipples.  For several minutes she plays with your hard nipples and cleans out
your ever wet cunt. She has either done this before or has a wonderful knack
for it.

      Dave,  lying  on  his back has his erection back,  but  is  having
trouble getting up.   You realize you have found a new form of torture; Seeing
two  naked women have sex less than 2 feet away and  not  being able to do
anything about it.

      One of Lisa's hands leaves your breasts, and goes into your gaping hole,
probing you firmly.   You moan as another orgasm begins.  Before you  are
finished comming the hand leaves your cunt and goes into  your nether regions.
You would normally have objected, but entering as you are  in  the  throws of
orgasm,  you only moan louder  as  the  feeling intensifies.

      Lisa  continues  to lick you as her other hand takes on a  fucking
motion.   You  feel as if you are being made love to and eaten  at  the same
time,  Your  hands  on Lisa's head press her  down  with  greater urgency.

      Lisa  continues  the action at your crotch,  but swings her  pussy over
to  your face.   Slowly she lowers it and you begin to  lick  it, imitating her
actions.  You are gratified to hear her moan in  reaction to your tongue.

      You taste not only Lisa's juices, but, you realize Dave's as well.  The
two  together makes it seem even more forbidden,  making you  feel just a bit
more naughty.  "Please,  untie  me.   I can't stand this much longer." Dave
beggs next  to you.  Lisa looks up from your slit,  and says,  "We cant  have
that,  can we Kitten?" Lisa leaves her finger in your ass, but puts her thumb
in your other hole, slowly continuing the motion.  Her Other hand goes to
Dave's hard on.   She refuses to grab it,  but instead runs her fingers over
it's length,  making only the lightest of contact with the head.

      Dave  begs  her to untie him,  or to do something for  his  prick.  He's
so horny he can hardly talk.   Lisa puts her mouth near the  head and breathes
on the head.  Lisa laughs,  an amused sound that would  be perfectly proper in
an office, but is doubly obscene in this context.

      You  decide  that you arn't through with Lisa and  reach  for  her hips.
You turn her over on her back,  moaning for a second as her hand slips from
your dripping crotch. Just enjoy the sensation.  Licking for all  you're
worth,  you  try  to bring her to  orgasm  as  quickly  as possible.   Dave's
anguished cry is off to your left.  You ignore  him.  When  Lisa's  hands begin
shoving your face down onto her  crotch,  you know you've gotten to her.   You
use the whole length of your tongue on her  clit,  pressing down heavily on
each and every pass.   Her  thighs join  her hands,  trapping your face in her
warm,  musky  wetness.  Her convulsive  movements threaten to dislidge you,  so
you wrap your  arms around her thighs,  meeting at the top of her pubic hair,
and continue licking,  trying to drive her mad,  making her pay for interupting
your little game.

      You  make  a  point of waiting until she is in  the  throws  of  a
particularly violent orgasm,  and then biting her clit to intensify the
sensation.  She falls back, nearly unconsious with the intensity of the orgasm.

      You  roll  her over,  getting her onto her hands and  knees.   She
complies  without  realizing  what is happening.   You get her  to  lay across
your lap as you sit on one of the lounges.   She is relieved  to be able to lay
flat for a moment.

      Your  first swat on her ass brings her to her senses.   The next 4 only
intensify the burning on her ass.  "Next time,  Lisa, Knock before you come
in!"  You have trapped her flailing legs with one of your own.  Slap, slap,
slap.  "And  who told you you could shove anything up my ass?"  You  have her
clit  covered  by your other hand,  which goes around  her  waist, neatly
holding her wiggling ass in place.
   
      You continue to spank her,  until your eyes come to rest on the lawn
table

      You continue to stroke her clit as you paddle her ass,  making her
orgasms  incredibly  intense.   You pause a moment to pick up  the  dog wistle
from  the table.   You blow it and seconds later Rex is in  the yard.   You
force Lisa to move her legs apart by a combination of force and increased
stroking of her clit.

      You call Rex and tell Lisa that you are going to let Rex lick  her out.
"And you're just going to hold me here and make me take it?"

      Your  only  answer  is to slap her ass a few  more  times.  You signal
Dave to get on his knees at her widely spread cunt and show him that you want
him to lick her.   Dave complies eagerly,  using only his tongue.  "Oh  no!   I
can't believe that you're making me do  this!"  Lisa cries out,  "Oh ...  oh,
I'm comming,  I'm comming from your damn dog." Dave can't stand it any longer
and pushes his face against her dripping pussy, licking up all of her essence.

      Lisa's  exclamation  of  surprize shows you that  your  trick  has
worked.  You decide it is their turn to amuse you and you ponder  which one  of
them should appease your steaming pussy.  You decide that  they should  have to
work together.  You tell her to lick your cunt and know that she will obey.

      Seconds  later  her face is buried in your bush as  she  tries  to please
you.  You  grab Dave and pull his face to yours as your  tongue searches  out
his.  The sensation of having your Pussy  eaten  as  you tongue kiss someone is
strangey pleasing.

      You are sitting in the midday sun,  on a padded lounge,  your feet
wiggling in the grass as your best friend licks out your cunt and  Dave tries
to tongue wrestle you.   Dave's bonds are the only thing any  of you are
wearing.

      After  a  moment  you  force Dave's mouth  down  onto  your  erect
nipples,  not asking him to do what you want,  simply demanding it with
gestures.   The  sense  of power you get from this intensifies all  the
sensations you get from the two of them.

      As  you  reach your first orgasm,  your thighs grip the  sides  of Lisa's
head.  Dave  bites  gently on your  nipples  to  increase  your pleasure, not
daring to bite hard enough to be uncomfortable.

      You decide that you've had enough of being licked and want to feel
something  insie of you.   Your hands reach behind Dave and in  seconds his
hands are free.

      You command Lisa, "Get up here and suck on my nipples!"  and again you
are obeyed.

      Your  widely spread legs are the only invitation Dave should need, but he
waits until you gesture for him to mount you.  He is in you in a single lunge.

      As  Dave's cock fills your cunt,  you realize how horny  you  have been
as you forced Lisa and Dave to perform.   Knowing that Lisa is the one  working
on your breasts makes the situation sweeter,  as you  rock your pelvis back and
forth on his cock.

      Lisa brings her hands up to your breasts where they begin fondling the
undersides and moves her mouth to your left ear.  Her tongue enters and
continues to drive you wild.

      Dave  has  been in you less than a minute,  but you feel  yourself
comming  and  you cry out loud enough that Lisa begins  to  wonder  how
tolerant your neighbors really are.

      She  covers  your  mouth with her own and her  tongue  darts  into yours.
Her roaming hands are all over your breasts,  touching nearly all of them,  all
of them except the nipples.  You are vaguely aware of this and twist your torso
trying to force contact, but she continues to tease you.

      Lisa  breaks her soul kiss,  "Turn her over!",  and when Dave does not
obey right away, swats his ass three times and says, "I told you to turn her
over!"

      Dave slips out of your hungry pussy, and grabbing your hips, turns you
over onto your hands and knees.  Lisa tells him to get back to work and he
begins to put it back into you, from behind this time.

      Lisa releases one breast in order to play with your clit with  her hand,
her strokes matching Dave's.  The two of them together bring you to a powerful
orgasm.

      You  want  to lay down,  but Lisa forces you to remain impaled  on Dave's
prick.  Lisa continues to force you to stay up on your hands and knees by
nearly holding you up by your clit.

      Dave  is still hard,  on his knees behind you,  his swollen  prick
enveloped  by  your cunt.   He moves his hands onto  your  breasts  and begins
to stroke them while his prick remains still.

      Lisa  continues to stimulate your clit.   After a short while  you feel
your  hips involuntarily begin pumping to get more out of  Dave's prick.   Lisa
turns  to  Dave and tells him in a way  that  allows  no argument, "Now pull it
out!  I want her to have it up the ass."

      You  are  held by the two of them as you feel his cock  slip  from your
hungry cunt.  Never for a moment does Lisa slow her fingers action on  your
clit.   You thrust your hips back to retain possession of  his cock.   All
that has really dawned on you is that she told him to pull out, AND HE'S Doing
it!

      Dave's  hands  are on your hips.   You keep your hips back  as  if
searching for what you lost.   Lisa takes her other hand and guides his cock
back. You feel grateful for a second, until you realize that she's not putting
it in right.

      Then  you  realize  what  she said!  You try  to  pull  your  hips
foreward,  but dave has them in his grip and Lisa still has one hand on your
clit, pressing you back.

      The  sensation of Lisa rubbing your clit as Dave puts his  hard-on into
your ass is unbelievably intense.  Lisa continues to stimulate you with  great
abandon until Dave is all the way in.  Then Dave begins  to thrust into your
ass, Fucking you with long, slow strokes.

      Dave's  hand  replaces Lisa's as she slips  away  from  you.   She lowers
her dripping cunt in front of your face and as she grabbs  your hair with both
hands demands, "Eat me!"

      Daves prick continues to slip in and out of your ass.  His hold on your
hips (and on your clit) holds you in place. Lisa's demand that you eat her
hangs in the air.

      You  are in the throws of a continual orgasm and are barely  aware that
she has spoken.   You stay on your hands and knees as Dave pounds into you.
Lisa tires of waiting for you to respond and grips the sides of your head,
pulling your gasping mouth down onto her sex.  Again she commands, "Eat me!"
This time you comply.

      Your tongue slides into her dripping slit.  You react to her taste by
concentrating  on  the job of pleasing her instead  of  taking  the intense
sensation Dave is giving you.

      She  talks  most of the time,  praising or belittling you  as  you please
or displease her with your technique.   When she feels you  are not  licking
hard enough,  she forces your face against her  with  her hands.

      Lisa has taken charge of her own pleasure,  using you as she might use  a
vibrator,  or other inanimate  pleasure  device.   The  feeling intensifies
your  feeling about the eroticism of the  situation.   You realize you have no
choice at either end.

      Lisa and Dave come within seconds of each other,  allowing you  to fall
onto  the  lounge where you either pass out or fall  asleep  from exhaustion.

      As  you  sleep,  you are vaguely aware of the sounds of  a  couple making
love next to you,  but you are too tired to waken. You next feel a strange
massaging sensation on your crotch.   You try to get up,  but find that your
hands have been tied to the top of the lounge.You try to sit up, but can't
quite manage it.
 "Don't move, Kitten." Dave's voice comes to you.
 "We do want to be careful, Kitten!" Lisa's voice chimes in.
 
      You  look and see that there is a mound of shaving cream  on  your pubic
hair, and Lisa is holding your Razor.  "After all,  Kitten,  Fair is fair."
Lisa's voice continues as she and Dave finish shaving you.

--
