Archive-name: Family/biweek1a.txt
Archive-author:
Archive-title: New Experiences


     Wow.  The house felt kinda weird without Mom or Dad  around.
They  had  just  left  for Hawaii for 3  weeks,  and  since  they
couldn't  afford to take us kids, they left me in charge!   Brian
and  Sue were still at school, due to arrive at home around  3pm.
I had a couple of hours before they showed up and I had to  start
doing  my baby-sitting thing, so I decided to take stock  of  the
situation.
     Mom  had stocked the freezer with a month's worth of  frozen
goodies,  and  Dad left me 500 bucks, and a credit card,  with  a
warning not to use it unless I absolutely had to, and "There  had
better be a good reason, buster, or you pay it back!"  He  didn't
need  to worry. I know Dad, and he meant every word.   There  was
the  usual  stuff - strict warnings not to  touch  the  alchohol,
bedtimes enforced, no inviting everyone over for parties, and all
the  dire  parent  warnings that go along with  leaving  sibs  in
charge of sibs.  I sipped my wine, and moved onto the pool deck.
     The sun felt fantastic, so I grabbed the lotion and  started
lathering  it  on.  I must have fallen asleep, because  the  next
thing  I heard was the roar of the diesel as the school bus  left
for  it's next dropoff. The wine must have been too relaxing  for
my 18 year old body.
     I  heard  the  front door, and saw Brian and  Sue  come  in.
Brian  immediately headed for the basement, where I knew he'd  be
using the workout room.  Brian was 2 years younger than I am, and
gifted with a lean muscular body.  In fact, we were all gifted in
physical  attributes, but Brian's eyes were blue, where mine  and
Sue's  were  brown.  Fully half the calls we  received  were  for
Brian from girls at school, but he never seemed to return many of
them.   Sue received the majority of the rest, since her  budding
15  year old body put some screen stars to shame.  Since  puberty
about a year ago, I had been sneaking peeks at her gorgeous  tits
when  she couldn't tell I was around (so I thought).  Sue  headed
for  her room, and came out on the pool deck a few minutes  later
clad in the bikini mom bought her this spring.
     "Hey,  Dave  - great news!  The school  inspector  came  out
today,  and said we had to close it down for a week  -  something
about  some  fire hazards and stuff.  We've got a week  off!   At
least 9 whole uninterrupted days all by ourselves."
     Although as her brother, I knew I shouldn't think about such
things, the thought of uninterrupted parties crossed my mind,  as
my  eyes wandered over her skin.  "Great", I  replied.   "Whatcha
want to do, then?"
     She grinned, the "Well, for starters, I'm gonna get a killer
tan  so  all the girls at school will hate me when I  get  back."
She flopped down on the lounger next to mine and slopped on  some
Tropical  Oil,  massaging  it into her legs and  tummy.   A  cool
breeze  came up, and her nipples poked out of the skimpy  fabric.
I  felt a faint stirring southward, and moved to hide her  effect
on me.  She pretended not to notice (although I thought I saw the
beginnings of a smile) and flopped back in the chair.
     Right  on  cue, about 20 minutes later, Brian came  out  and
joined  us.   Sweat  was  still  dripping  down  his  belly,  and
streaking  his  trunks, so he dove in to cool off.   He  came  up
about  a  minute  later,  and joined us.   He  grabbed  good  old
Tropical  Tan,  and rubbed it on his chest and legs the  way  Sue
had.   "Hey, Dave - do my back, willya?" was almost  simultaneous
from  both sides of me.  We all burst out laughing.  Sue  flipped
over and undid her bikini.  Brian came over and lay where I  just
got  up from.  Sighing, and more or less wishing that Brian  were
elsewhere,  I  started  rubbing the oil into  her  back.   Moving
lower,  I  massaged it into the backs of her thighs.  By  now  my
hardon was fairly evident, and I hoped Brian wouldn't notice.
     No such luck.  Sue had her eyes closed, but Brian didn't. He
winked  at me, and said "My turn, bro."  The muscles on his  back
were  still  bunched up from his workout, so I  helped  work  the
kinks  out of them while I applied the oil.  I was  concentrating
on  a  lat, and jumped a little when a hand joined  mine.  "Looks
like  ole Bri really tensed these up this time", Sue said.  "I'll
help."  A muffled reply from my brother indicated he was enjoying
it, so we both worked down his back.  I rolled him over, and  Sue
immediately started massaging his pecks.  Her undone top  flopped
loose,  and  I could see alot more skin that I had for  a  while.
The  tightness in my trunks grew.  Since Sue was occupied at  the
top, I worked on his thighs.  Brian's trunks were tented out too,
so  Sue's tits were having their effect on him,  too.   Abruptly,
she stood up.
     "Jeez, guys, this is really working me up.  I can't stand it
any  more."   With  that, she shucked the top,  and  the  bottoms
followed.   I stood staring speechless at my gorgeous sister.   I
looked at Brian, but he just grinned and laughed.  "Uh, Dave, Sue
and  I have a little surprise for you."  With that, he stood  and
dropped  his trunks.  His now swollen dick popped  straight  out.
"We've sort of been experimenting, and we'd like you to join us!"
     With  two  fantastic  bodies  totally  nude,  and  obviously
sexually  aroused in front of me, my cock did the natural  thing,
straining  at  the  fabric.  "Man, we will be  so  far  into  the
doghouse  if  this gets out we'll never hear the end of  it.   No
way!"
     Sue  immediately  put  in  "Uh,  we  anticipated  a   little
resistance,  so we thought we'd help you get over it.   You  know
all that money dad left, and the card?"  Well, if you won't play,
we'll help spend some of that..."  Her words trailed off, and the
rest of the threat didn't have to be voiced.  I knew she'd hidden
all the stuff where I'd never find it.
     "Ok, guys - what's on the agenda for the week?" May as  well
enjoy it, if I couldn't do anything about it.  (although by  now,
I definitely didn't want to spoil the party)
     Sue came over to me and her hand dropped to the front of  my
trunks,   massaging  my  cock.   "For  starters,  brother   dear,
everything we say goes.  I mean everything.  Drop those trunks."
     Good thing the house is fairly seculded. I did as requested,
and  7 inches sprang out.  A bit of precum leaked out, which  she
massaged down the underside of my shaft.  Brian motioned us  into
the  house,  and we followed, Sue's tits brushing  my  back.   My
hands snaked around to finger her bush, but she pushed them away.
"Not  yet."  was the only reply I got.  He led us  to  his  room,
where she motioned me onto the bed.  "Think we ought to blindfold
him, Brian?"  "Oh, yeah," he replied.  Let him guess what's going
on."
     This  brought  some protest from me. "I'll do  anything  you
want  -  just let me see."  They both giggled, and joined  me  on
either  side.  "OK, but any crap from you, and you get tied  up."
She  started  by giving me a fantastic kiss, her  tounge  snaking
into  my mouth.  Brian was busy massaging her tits,  occasionally
trying to get one of the nipples in his mouth.  His hair  brushed
my chest, and his straining dick was lodged between Sue's leg and
mine.   It  felt funny, feeling another guy's (let's  face  it  -
man's  cock  anywhere  on my body.  Sue pulled  away,  and  Brian
immediately  buried  his face in her left tit.   She  arched  her
back,  and  indicated that I should suck on the other  one.   The
small  brown nipple was rigid, the areola crinkled.   I'd  gotten
this  far on some of my dates, but not much else.  I  cupped  her
tit, and proceeded to give it a tounge bath, occasionally sucking
on the sweet pleasure center.  She moaned, obviously enjoying it.
Then  she started toying with MY nipples, and I got the shock  of
my  life. (the second - the first being this whole little  deal).
Electric  waves  of  pleasure ran right through  me,  seeming  to
connect  my cock and my tits.  I had never known the male  nipple
as a pleasure zone, but evidently Sue did.  I hoped hers felt  as
good  to  her as mine did to me.  I laved her beautiful  tit  for
what  seemed  like hours, then walked my hand down to  her  bush.
Brian's hand was already there, so I pulled back.
     "No, no - I want you there too."  I felt a little funny, but
went  ahead.  She bucked when my finger brushed her now  engorged
clit  and entered her drenched pussy.  By now my dick was  lodged
in  the  crack of her ass, and with Brian's and  my  hand  there,
things  were  a little crowded.  She pushed me back down  on  the
bed, and raised her pussy over my cock.  I expected my brother to
sit  back too, but his hand remained, as she guided herself  over
my  shaft.  It sank in to the hilt, the warm feeling  driving  me
higher.   I  was disappointed when she withdrew, but  she  turned
around  and presented her dripping pussy to my face.   "Eat  me",
she  commanded,  and  I happily obliged.  I closed  my  eyes  and
lapped at her spread pussy, my tounge rasping at her surprisingly
large  (almost  an inch) clit, plunging into her  hot  box,  then
back.  I felt lips encircle my cock, and then plunge  down.   She
took  the  entire 7 inches, tounge snaking out to my  tight  sac.
Brian  positioned  himself between my legs,  and  Sue  alternated
between us, first sucking me, then him.  The sucking stopped  for
a  moment, then resumed.  I glanced down to see what she  was  up
to,  and (shock #3) saw that it was Brian, not Sue giving  me  an
incredible  head job.  Funny thing was, I thought I  should  have
been outraged, but I was enjoying it too damn much.
     Sue  climbed  off, and said "Ok, Dave -  Brian's  turn."   I
started to get up, but she pushed me back.  "No, no - I want  you
to  suck  him  just like he's sucking you".   I  stared  at  her,
aghast.  "Remember our little blackmail item?"  I nodded  meekly.
Brian  got  off  my cock and swung  around,  his  dripping  prong
pointing  right at my face.  The tanning oil from  earlier  still
made  his chest shine, highlighting his well-developed body.   He
smiled  at  me.   "This is really alot more fun  than  you  first
imagine, brother."  He inched his cock foreward, the tip brushing
my lips.  I again closed my eyes, and he worked it into my mouth.
I  was  surprised at how soft and hard it felt.   A  heady  musky
smell  was  evident, which actually turned me on more.   I  found
myself enjoying it.  He began moving in and out, and I could  see
his balls tighten.  Sue, it the meantime, had resumed sucking  on
mine,  and I was in danger of losing control.  I raised  my  hand
weakly,  but  she just went on.  The churning in  my  balls  grew
faster and faster, and then she was sucking as fast as she could.
I  pumped what seemed like gallons into her greedy mouth.   Being
18  has  it's  advantages, and I didn't lose  my  erection.   She
immediately plunged her pussy over my cock and started pumping up
and  down,  her  hands  around Brian's  chest.   This  served  to
increase  Brian's motion, and I felt him tense.  I tried to  turn
away, but didn't manage as his cock started jerking in my  mouth.
Hot  cream  flooded my mouth, but the taste was  kind  of  sweet.
"What  the  hell:", I thought, and applied more  suction  to  his
dick.
     Just  about  then,  Sue screamed, and I  knew  she'd  gotten
herself off.
     A  week of this, eh?  I knew then I'd enjoy every minute  of
it.

--
