

                   I-I  Blackmailing the Queen  I-I



[Chapter 6 - The Pleasures of Ann]

It was raining hard outside, the torrential blast pounding on the
window over the sink, and she was taking me deeper than she ever had,
my cock sliding not only into her throat, but far into it; so far that
her chin rested between my balls on each long downstroke.

We were not on the bed.  Through experimentation (wondrous hours of it)
we had found that Ann could suck me best if I sat on the couch, my ass
at the edge, while I lay back.  Ann had brought several throw cushions
from the main house ("Nobody uses that guest room anymore anyway") and
we used them under the small of my back to make things comfortable for
me.

Ann would then kneel between spread legs - she found that she liked them 
spread wide - to suck me.  She put two of the throw cushions on the 
floor for her to kneel on, this giving her the proper angle to deep 
throat me.

She would begin my jacking my shaft with both hands, gently, while she 
licked the tip and glans, slavering her tongue all over my dickhead and 
allowing a stream of her saliva to trickle down to my balls.  Then she'd 
suck my balls lightly until the dripping abated, after which she'd 
return to the head and lick some more.  She was waiting for my precome 
ooze to reach the proper state - enough to lubricate my shaft.  She had 
found that with enough lubrication of this kind she could take me as 
deeply as she wanted to, with no discomfort.

And deep she took me.  Ann had become, in the three weeks since our 
arrangment had begun, obsessed with my cock.  Sucking it deeply, taking 
absolutely all of it until there was not even a fraction of an inch left 
to push down her throat, had become a personal challenge.  She also 
claimed that she never failed to have at least two orgasms while sucking 
my dick.

She had also perfected our fucking techniques, finding that doggie
style, her kneeling on the bed and I standing behind her, was the
second best position in terms of depth and angle.  The best position,
she claimed (and I had to agree, actually) was where I lay on my back
on the bed, one of our infamous throw cushions under my ass, and she
staddled me, lowering her pussy onto my dick.  She would lean forward
slightly until her tits were pressed into my extended hands, and then
slide her cunt up and down on my dick, her hips twitching and bucking
as the pressure on her clit drove her to delirium.  My personal
favorite was something of the reverse; she on her back on the bed, a
pillow under her ass, while I pumped her pussy.  Conventional, but
satisfying.  I did not get as deep that way, but the look of her in that 
position, her tits swaying, her hair splayed out on the bed; well, let's 
just say it was magical in its own way.

Ann, of course, would do whatever I said.

That was the amazing part.  We had met nearly every school-day
afternoon at her parent's garage apartment for the past three weeks,
sucking and fucking for an hour or two, and it seemed that each day she
had become more and more willing.  It had come down to the point that
when I arrived she was always there, always naked, and always eager to
get started immediately.  On two occasions, on days when I'd been
slightly delayed, I could tell she had masturbated before I had
arrived.  She wanted my dick, pure and simple.  She'd even named it "Sir 
Richard", which she'd told me once as I was fitting it into her snug 
cunt: 

"Ohhhhhhhhh, now let's get Sir Richard all the way in Ann's little
pussy..."

My eyebrows had arched at that.  "Sir Richard?"

"Push, push, mmmmmmmmmmm.  Richard, love, as in 'dick.'  Oh, hurry up, 
and slide him alllllllllll the way inside me..."

That had been a week ago, and it seemed to me that she was by this time 
as passionately interested in our situation as I was.  If not more.

I decided I wanted to get some more photographs of Ann, for my private
collection.  I wanted nudes, of course, and perhaps even a shot or two
of her loving my dick with her mouth or pussy.  She had initially
refused:

"No.  That's too much.  You've got enough pictures of me already, and 
look where they've got me."

"Ann..."

"I'm doing everything you ask.  I'm sucking your dick, I'm letting you
fuck me.  I'm doing my part, even getting good at it.  No more
pictures."  She looked determined.

It occurred to me immediately to threaten her with publication of the 
photos I did have, but I was not sure that would work.  She knew that I 
would rather fuck her than ruin her, and it took some of my power away 
so long as she continued to put out.  But I had noticed her obsession 
building and decided to try and use it.

I said nothing more about the photos until about twenty minutes later, 
while we were fucking.  I had her on her back, and was pumping her pussy 
with long, deep strokes while thumbing her clit with my left hand.  I 
had taken care not to give her too much too fast, since her orgasms were 
slower in arriving but much more intense when I took my time in this way.  
When I sensed that she was about to come - her back was arching, her 
face was intense, her thighs quivvering - I abruptly stopped, my dick 
halfway in her, and held my position.

"Uhhhhhhh.  No, don't stop, I'm close," she whined.

"I want to take some more pictures of you, Ann."  I moved my cock 
slightly and rubbed a spot very near her clit with my thumb.

"No, no, oh you bastard.  Make me come, oh, make me come."

"You want my cock, Ann?"

"Oh god yes, make me come Sir Richard I want to come so bad..." she was
lifting her hips now, trying to fuck herself on my cock, but I pressed
her down with my hand and gave her only short, infrequent, shallow
strokes, just enough to make her crazy.

She was whimpering, almost crying.  "Please, please, god I wanna 
cooooome..."

"The pictures, Ann.  Agree to the pictures and you can come.  Say yes 
and I'll give you everything I've got."

She started rubbing her tits and tweaking her nipples, trying to make 
herself come, but it was no user.  Finally she said "OK, OK, you can 
take the fucking pictures..."

"You swear, Ann?"

"Yes, yes, now fuck meeeeeeee!  Make me come!"

I laid into her with renewed vigor, and she came almost immediately, in 
a warm and vast flood.  As usual, her come made her pussy instantly 
slicker and hotter, and I came too, our juices mixing inside her.  
Afterwards, we lay for several minutes before she had the strength to 
talk.

"That was shitty," she said, but the bitterness in her voice was 
distant, measured.

"I want what I want," I replied.  I had discovered in myself, through 
this domination of our high school queen, a certain calm ruthlessness 
that I had never known existed.  I had not been as curel to her as I 
could have been, and that was a good thing to know too.  I was strong, 
but no monster.

"Yes, that's obvious.  You have an inhuman amount of self control too.  
How could you stop in the middle like that?"

"It was not easy.  But there's another thing to consider here, Ann, and 
I wonder if you have thought of it."

She raised her half on one elbow, and her right breast rubbed
deliciously on my chest.  Sir Richard began to stir, and I knew we'd be
at it again very soon.  "What do you mean?" she asked.

"You gave in, but not because I threatened you with distributing the 
photos of you and Bill.  I never even mentioned it.  In fact, I never do 
anymore."

She paused to think, her fingers absently twining in my pubic hair.  "I 
guess you're right.  I..."

"You relented because you wanted my cock.  Suppose I burned the other 
contact sheet I have and all my negatives tomorrow, not that I am about 
to, but would you want to stop our afternoons here?"

The rain outside began to fall even harder, making the roof like a large 
drum.  I could barely hear her when she said "God, you're right.  It's 
not that I'm afraid of the photos anymore.  I'm hooked."  She looked me 
in the eyes and wrapped her hand around my now rigid dick.  "I'm hooked 
on your cock..."  She began to stroke it lovingly.

I smiled, and she smiled, and I said "Well, now, Sir Richard would like 
a word with Miss Kitty."

I pushed her gently onto her back and began to position my dick against
her hole.

"Miss Kitty?" she asked, her eyes beginning to flutter in response to 
the impending fuck.

"Yes, love, Kitty, as in pussy..."

And I slid into her warm, wet tightness.


[Chapter 7 - Sir Richard and Miss Kitty Hit the Road]

Ann owned a nice little red convertible VW Bug, which was, of course,
parked conveniently in the garage below our trysting spot.  Our deal
had been that although within the walls of that garage apartment Ann
would treat me like the most intimate lover and sexual master, once
outside in the world we would behave as we always had - as strangers. 
I decided to change that, at least partly.

I was taking the pictures she had promised to pose for:

Click - Ann standing at the window, demure, pretty, and completely nude.
        A profile shot, accentuating her perfect breasts and the downy
        quality of her pubic hair.

Click - Ann reclining on the sofa, pinup style, a smile on her face.

Click - Ann on her knees on the bed, her index finger perched in her
        mouth, a teasing, questioning look on her face.

"Ann," I said, thinking about what shot I wanted to take next.  "What 
would you say to a little drive around town?"

"I'd prefer to put my clothes back on first," she said, wryly.  She was 
still kneeling on the bed, waiting for me to give her another pose 
suggestion.

"Of course, of course.  I just feel like getting out of here for a while 
once we use up this roll."  I looked her straight in the eye, but she 
seemed to have no reaction to this obvious breach of contract.

After a moment she sat back on her haunches and said, "We'd have to be a 
little careful, or course."

Here it was.  "Careful about what?"

"Careful my parents don't see us coming out of the garage.  We don't 
want to ruin our setup here, do we?"

Again I was mildly shocked to hear how totally Ann had come over to the
side of keeping-this-going.  Where I had expected her to insist that
none of her friends see her with me, as we had agreed, she had instead
been thinking only of the danger to our privacy.  

I must have communicated my pleasure and suprise with the expression on
my face because she laid back, spread her lovely legs, and said:
"Here's a shot for you.  Miss Kitty waiting for her gallant knight
to...." she smiled mischeviously, "drop in."

We both laughed at that, and:

Click - Ann on her back, legs spread wide, a broad smile on her face as
        she shows her pussy to the camera.

Click - Ann fingers herself lightly, face more serious.

Click - Timer shot, Ann with my dick in her mouth, me standing frame 
        right, she rolled on her side to take me.

Click - Timer shot, Ann straddles my cock, facing away from me as I lie
        on my back, her face to the camera.  Her hand is guiding me into
        her pussy.

Needless to say, I had no opportunity to set the timer again after that.  
She rode my dick like it was a wild horse, turning in mid-fuck to face 
me, amazingly without letting my dick slide out of her cunt.

She came in short order, and I soon after that, responding as usual to 
the flood of pussy juice that flowed from her and made her cunt even 
more slippery.  Ah, the wonders of the pill.  Back then it was not as 
easy to get, of course, but little rich girls like Ann Macafee could 
always get what they wanted.

We got dressed about fifteen minutes later and stole down to the lower 
part of the building, which was the garage proper.  Ann peeked out the 
lintel window to see if her parents were on the porch, but they were 
not.  She got into the rabbit on the driver's side and motioned for me 
to get in the passenger's seat.

"I think I'd rather drive," I said, being a typical 16 year old male.

"Once we get going that's fine, but I think you should sort of slump 
down in the passenger's seat until we get out of this neighborhood - my 
parents have friends all around here, and we don't want a nosy neighbor 
to blow the whistle, do we?"

"No, Ann.  I much prefer the way you blow the whistle..."  I smiled.

She giggled and patted the seat next to her.  I got in, and we put the 
convertible top up.  I hunched down as she had suggested, amazed again 
at how truly dedicated she had become to keeping our affair alive, and 
we sped off into the afternoon.

As it was I was pretty content to let her drive.  I was not all that
good with a stick shift yet, but she was quite comfortable with it, so
it was easier to let her continue.  Besides, I wanted to look at her 
while we talked.  In the sun, her hair filled with the wind (we had 
taken the top back down again), she was more beautiful than ever.  As I
had dozens of times over the past weeks, I thanked whatever stars I had
for the incredibly good fortune that had given me access to her.

"So where to?" she asked, putting her sunglasses on with one hand.

"I don't know," I said, and I really did not.  I had expected this trip
to be a problem, an opportunity to assert my authority over her again,
yet here she was perfectly willing, and I had nothing planned.  "Why
don't we get some ice cream or something?"

"If you want, but I like to eat stuff like that."

"Oh?"

"I don't want to get fat.  My mom and my sister are.  It must be in my 
genes somewhere.  Mind if I make an alternate suggestion?"

"Sure.  Shoot."

"There are some nice nature trails near Lake Fornier, on the slope of 
Freedom Peaks.  We could go for a walk there."

I agreed immediately.  I had hiked those trails as a little kid, but it
had been years.  I must admit, the thought of walking with her and
simply holding hands was strangely exciteing to me - which was odd when
you considered all the fucking and sucking we had done.  In some way a
walk sounded even more intimate, though.

We arrived at the trailhead with at least three hours of daylight left, 
which was plenty considering the entire loop was less than two miles 
long.  Ann grabbed a blanket from the trunk of her car - a rough looking 
thing that looked like it was used mostly as a car cover.  "In case we 
want to sit," she said, then added as she closed the trunk door, "or 
something."

Or something did not take long.  Ann started like a bat our of hell down 
the trail, slightly ahead of me, and I got to watch her fine ass move 
under the folds of her green courderoy skirt for several strides before 
she stopped, turned, and her out her hand for me to take.  We walked 
down the nature trail hand in hand.

We had walked perhaps a half mile when she led me off the trail.  I had
noticed that she was gazing at me with a strange look on her face for
most of the walk, and now she led me up a grassy slope to a stand of
trees that crested the hill we had been circling.  The trees were
growing in a circle, which is common for spruces, and there was a flat
spot in the middle.  She spread the blanket out there and sat down,
folding her legs gracfully beneath her.

I stood for a moment, watching her face, then said "What's the plan, 
Ann?  You have something in mind, do you?"  I was still taking that 
sort of masterful, I-am-in-control-here tone with her, but in point of 
fact I was delighted.

"Oh, of course," she said, smiling prettily, "but first I wanted to 
explain something to you, and to ask a favor.  Please, sit."  She patted 
the blanket with her open hand.

Intrigued, I sat.  I could not think of a thing to say, so I waited 
until she was ready to talk - she was obviously nervous, but there was 
also a nice sort of ease between us that I wanted to bask in.  After a 
while, she began to speak.

"You think of me the way most people do, as a real bitchy princess, a 
pristine queen.  I know that.  But I have never known any other way to 
be.  All my life I have been surrounded by `the best things', and 
expected to live up to them.  To be worthy; to be better than other 
people, I guess."  She looked at me, as if to gauge my reaction, but I 
was interested in what she had to say, and motioned for her to go on.
"Well," she continued, "most of my life has been pretty, um, controlled.  
I told you about Stuart..."

"Yes.  He was your first."

"My only until you, and that was pretty dissapointing.  I let him fuck 
me, if you could call it that, because I was mad at my parents and was 
trying to rebel.  They were threatening to put me in private school, and 
I was furious.  Stuart was a kind of revenge, though I couldn't tell 
them about it, so it didn't help.  When they changed their minds on 
their own, I felt really stupid.  Stuart kept calling, wanting to `see 
me again,' which I knew meant he wanted to put his little prick in me 
again, but I was bored and disgusted by him, and it sort of faded away."

"He bragged about it, but we didn't believe him.  He made it sound like 
a major event, though."

She laughed.  "Yes, well, if 20 seconds of frenzy and two quick humps
is major.  I don't know if her even broke my cherry."

"He did."

"Oh, of course.  You'd know, wouldn't you?  Anyway, I found it all 
pretty unimpressive and I guess that sort of made me act even more 
superior.  Maybe that was my way of regaining my self respect.  I don't 
know.  Whatever.  Anyway, that was what I thought sex was, to be 
honest.  Nothing to write home about."

"What about Randy?"

"Well, jocks like to talk a lot about all the girls they get, but if 
Randy is any indication, it is a bunch of bullshit.  When we first 
parked together, he was so scared I thought his heart would leap out of 
his chest.  When I told him that a handjob was as far as I would go, he 
made some faint protest, but I could tell he was relieved.  After a few 
dates, we didn't even do that much.  He just liked to suck my breasts a 
lot.  Almost like he didn't get enough as a baby.  He's also the one 
that got me started on coke, and I guess I got pretty hooked."

"I'd say so, considering what you were willing to do for it."

"God," she said, and blushed a deep crimson, "don't remind me.  That was 
one big favor you did me.  I'm off that shit forever."

"You'd never taken a boy in your mouth before that?"

"No.  I'd seen some X-rated 8 millimeter movies my Dad had hidden in the 
garage with Susie Krantz and Mattie Haines once, and I sort of fantasized 
about it some times."

"Fantasized about sucking who?"

"Oh, Movie stars, or the guy in the porno movie, I guess.  I mean, his
cock was big and looked like a nice one..." she paused for a moment,
then looked my in the eye, "but not as nice as yours."

`Mine' was becoming uncomfortably hard at just her look, but I wanted to 
finish the conversation first.

"You see, everything has changed," she said.  "I mean, it's weird, but I 
seem to have discovered a whole other part of myself that I never knew 
about before.  And I can't really control it."

"Your sexual side?"  All of a sudden I felt like her therapist or 
something.

"Yes.  Sexual.  Frankly, having sex with you is what I think about most 
of the day.  My friends know something is up, but they'd never in a 
million years guess..."  She was really red now, her face and shoulders 
and even her hands.  "Every night I dream we're doing it, and every 
morning I have to..."

"Masturbate."

"Yes.  Sometimes I have come already when I wake up.  Sometimes during 
the day I have to go to the girls room becasue I have been thinking 
about you too much."

"About my cock."

"Sucking it, usually.  But I have another fantasy too." She stopped,
looked away, somehow unable to go on.

"Go ahead, tell me," I said, trying to sound gentle.  "I mean, we've 
done a lot.  I guess you can tell me anything."

All at once she said, in a rush, "I'm afraid you'll be disgusted and
you won't want to sleep with me anymore and I think I'll die if you
don't I..."

Tears were forming in the corner of her eyes, and I held her in my arms, 
for the first time with real tenderness.  "It's OK Ann.  I am easily as 
obsessed with you as you are with me."

"You are?" she sniffed.  "But you've had other girls, haven't you?"

"Yes, you were not the first.  But you are undoubtedly the best."  She 
looked up at me and smiled, still sniffing slightly.  "Now, tell me what 
this fantansy is.  Don't be afraid.  I promise I won't stop fucking you 
- in fact, I plan to do that as soon as we're done talking, right here 
and now."

She gasped, but her face was delighted.  "Here?  Oh, god, what if, what 
if..."

"It's a chance we'll take.  Now, the fantasy." I held her chin in my 
hands "or I might just make you wait until tomorrow."

It was a lie, but it worked.  I had discovered a side to her too; she
liked to be submissive to authority.  She bit her lip, obviously
screwing up her courage, and:

"Well, I told you we watched that 8 millimeter movie.  In the movie, 
before they fucked, even before she took him in her mouth, he did 
something to her with his mouth.  He like, licked her pussy with his 
tongue and then sucked her, sort of."

I smiled.  "You want me to do that to you?"

"Well, Yes.  I mean, if you want to."

I smiled, and let my hand slide up her leg, beneath her skirt, and onto
her panties.  "No problem at all," I said, and she sighed and let her
head drop onto my shoulder.


[Chapter 8 - Miss Kitty Takes a Bath]

Linda Short had taught me a lot of what I knew about sex.  Especially 
concerning the oral side of things.  She had been a truly expert 
cocksucker, and expected good head in return.  Luckily, she was happy to 
instruct me on the particulars of eating pussy, which she claimed to 
have done once or twice to her girlfriends.

But although I had mildly enjoyed it, it was not my favority thing.  
Linda's pussy was very hairy - too hairy, really.  And she was very 
agressive.  I often ended up with a sore neck.

Ann was another story entirely.  I laid her back on that rough blanket, 
lifted her skirt up around her waist, and slid her panties down,
leaving them looped around one ankle.  Ann's pussy was a lovely sight,
as always.  A trimmed, pretty little V of hair on top, but a smooth,
pink, hairless little pussy.  Her firm smooth thighs were like a
picture frame around that little bud, and I kicked myself for not
having thought of eating her myself.  What a treasure.

I began by nibbling her labia while stroking the insides of her thighs 
with my fingernails.  Her response was immediate and gratifying.  She 
placed her hands on my head, fingers gripping my hair gently, and moaned 
as she rocked her hips slowly.  Slowly, I began to insert a finger into 
her hot little hole, and moved my tongue up to her clit, stroking it 
with long, hard, sloppy licks.  She began to shudder with each tongue 
stroke, and I coordinated the action of my finger so that each time she 
shuddered, my finger was buried deep inside her and I could stroke the 
"roof" of her vagina.  This was years before anyone would speak of a 
woman's G-spot, but Linda had known what felt good and had never 
hesitated to tell me.  After a few mintues of slow licks and deep 
fingering, Ann seemed on the verge of hysteria.

"I....  I....  Oh god that's so....  um....  fffffffffffffuck it.... 
ooooooooooo...." she spoke in breathy, short gasps.  Her hips were
moving in a slow, tight circle and I knew she was ready to come.  So I
closed my lips over her clit, and began to suck it while flicking at the
very tip with my tongue.  I inserted a second finger into her pussy and
felt the rush begin.

She moaned, a long, high, hoarse moan, and lifted her little butt into 
the air about 6 inches.  Her thighs were as hard as stone and quivvering 
like a tuning fork.  Her hands pressed my head firmly into her crotch as 
I sucked her. And she came and came and came.

"Ssssssssssssssss, oh, oh, oh, fuck, ohhhhhhhhhhhh"

All of a sudden she was pulling at my shoulders, trying to bring my face 
to hers.  I was confused at first, but her hands found my belt buckle 
and began frantically to undo it and then my pants.  She wanted my dick. 
I was glad to oblige since I was as hard as I could ever remember being.

I lowered my jeans and slipped my cock into her boiling pussy.  I had 
never entered her mid-come like that, and the feeling was indescribable; 
like sinking into a mouth filled with hot butter.  Her pussy walls 
clamped onto me like they had a will of their own, and we began the most 
vigorous fuck I can remember ever experiencing.  Ann was wild, simply 
wild, tearing at her blouse and pressing my mouth to her nipple.  She 
was lost in a world of obscene lust.

"Fuck me fuck me fuck me, oh god your dick, oh jesus oh fuck me oh
god...  hmmmmmmmmmm, huuuuuuuuuuuh, uh uh uh, fuck it fuck me, oh, oh,
ffffffffffffuck me, oh I love you..."

She came again, and I spurted into her, just as she said "I love you", 
her words buried in the deep extasy of my orgasm.  Afterwards, I lay on 
top of her, my diminishing cock still inside her, while she stroked my 
head with her hands and kissed my hair.  We were still mostly clothed, 
but somehow this was the sexiest moment ever between us.  My cock roused 
again while still inside her and we fucked again.

And a third time.  It was dark by the time we left the hillside.

On the drive home, Ann seemed very animated and very curious.  "I have
to know," she said, a broad smile on her face, "where you learned to do 
that.  I mean, that was incredible!"

"Linda Short," I said, remembering Linda's small tits and hot mouth.

"Who?  I don't think I know her."

"No, you wouldn't.  She was visiting our neighbors last summer - a 
relative from out of town.  She was... experienced.  She'd done pretty 
much everything."

"And she taught you how to do that to a girl with your mouth?"  Ann 
seemed genuinely interested, though there was a slight hint of jelousy 
in her voice.

"It's called eating pussy.  Yeah, she taught me.  She'd done it herself, 
actually."

"To another girl!?"  Ann's voice was a high squeak of suprise, but there 
was something else there too.  Exicetement, perhaps?  Or had Ann had an 
encounter she was not telling me about?

"That's what she said.  I believed it too.  Linda was really wild.  I 
met her when she climbed the fence that seperates our back yards - no 
joke.  I was sunbathing in my jockeys and she just climbed over and 
started talking to me.  In a bikini, at the time."

Ann's jelousy was a bit easier to see now, but she continued to ask 
questions.  "Did you do it with her that night?"

"Heh.  That day.  About an hour after we met.  I was home alone, and 
once I told her that it was wham-bam.  I guess you'd say Linda's pretty 
much a slut."

"At least."

"Well, at the time she was like a gift from heavan.  It was the 
beginning of the summer, she was going to be there another two months, 
and, well, I felt that everything was set up perfecftly.  It was, too, 
though she dated other guys all along."

"Other guys she'd met here?"

"Yeah.  The girl could not get enough.  Incredible."

Ann was quiet for a while.  I think she was a bit upset, jealous and 
shocked and maybe a little dubious about her own arousal.  Finally she 
said "Well, I can't blame anyone but myself, can I?"

"For what?" I asked.

"Well, I would not have given you a second look before...  Before this 
semester.  I was so into myself.  Yes.  I'm glad you had your summer 
with Linda."  She looked satisfied and resolved.


[Chapter 9 - Adventuring Outside]

And that was that.  Ann had taken possession, had turned the situation 
around in her mind.  She still treated me like her master, of course, 
since that was part of the thrill for her, but in the days that followed 
I could see that she had laid her claim, and that I was hers.  All 
pretense at school stopped, and we went virtually everywhere together.

She also found that she liked sex in public.  As most people will tell
you who have tried it, the excitement that comes with the fear of
getting caught can be pretty addictive, and though I still preferred
our garage apartment, Ann talked me into several daring encounters:

We fucked in a vacant counselors office, right there in the
administration bulding, the door locked but people walking by outside
all the time.  I sat in the big desk chair, my pants lowered to my butt, 
while ann lifted her skirt, dropped her panites around one ankle (I 
guess she'd picked that up from our adventure in the woods) and perched 
on her knees on the arms of the chair.  She fucked me like that, no part 
of our bodies touching except my cock in her pussy, Ann rocking wildly 
while holding onto the back of the chair, and people's voices echoing in 
the hall outside.

She gave me a rather heated, lusty blowjob behind the baseball diamond's 
backstop out in the atheletic field.  Though no one could see her 
kneeling behind the green wooden wall, my head and shoulders were easily 
vibible through the chain link fence, had anyone cared to glance our 
way.  When we left, I noticed a dirbble of my come on her neck just in 
time, before someone saw it.  She thought that was hilariously funny.

I ate her pussy while she sat in the ticket booth to the student 
theatre, trying to keep her composure as I flicked her clit with my 
tongue.  Ironicly, Randy had come up to the booth to beg her to at least 
talk to him again, and had left wondering why she was acting so strange.  
She'd told him to fuck himself, and had sort of hiccoughed on the word 
"fuck", since I had given her a particularly hard suck at that point.  
She came on my face and I had to clean up with some rather thin kleenex 
she had, to get the pussy smell off my face before I went to wood shop.

She somehow got the keys to the chem lab, and we sucked and fucked the
lunch hour away, right there at the desk where we had once been lab
partners.  As she bent to take my dick in her mouth she said "this is
to make up for how badly I treated you when we were partners." She took
my dick all the way down her throat, in a particularly strong and
enthusiastic stroke.  All I could do was gasp "Aaaaaaapology
accepted...." as she sucked away.

But it was back in our old haunts above her parent's garage that she 
began to think some really wild thoughts.  We had just finished our 
afternoon excersizes, and were lieing on the floor of the living room 
eating some cheese and crackers while she rubbed her naked legs on mine.

"You mentioned about Linda Short knowing a lot."  She said this in a 
tone that said just-asking-no-big-deal.

"Ann, that was last summer.  I won't ever even see her again."

"Who knows?  She might visit again.  But that's not why I brought it up.  
I was wondering if the fact that she had made it with another girl, 
well, if it made you disgusted or anything."  Again, she was forcing her 
voice into a tone that sounded casual, but was not.

"No.  Why should it?  Why are you asking this?"

"You know Mattie Hanes?"

"Um.  Another one of the royalty."

"Well, sort of.  Anyway, you think she's pretty?"  Ann's face was 
impossible to read - I knew she had a tendency to get jealous at times, 
but this did not have that feeling to it.  Besides, she had brought it 
up.

"Sure, of course.  The guys call her Miss Best Chest of the West.  I'm 
sure most of them have fantasized about her from time to time."

"Including you?"  Again, an enigmatic look.  I was getting a little 
pissed off - you want it, Ann?  You got it.

"Sure.  I'll tell you the details of the wet dream if you're interested.  
It all centered around tit fucking."  My voice sounded angry, and she 
recoiled a bit.

"Don't get mad," she said, her voice a pout.  "I'm not asking because 
I'm jealous or anything.  See, she's always had sort of a thing for me."

I had to admit that I was pretty shocked.  I thought nothing would 
suprise me after I first heard Ann Macafee beg me to fuck her.  Mattie 
Hanes a dyke?  She looked a lot like mamie Van Doren, but with red hair.  
Huge tits, by high school standards.  Killer figure.  Wore tight T 
shirts and knee-high plaid skirts.  And she liked girls?

"Sheesh," I said.  "I know a lot of guys who would kill themselves if 
they knew she was queer."

"Oh, no.  I mean, she likes boys.   She's still a virgin, I'm pretty 
sure, but when we watched those movies together she talked about the 
cocks and everything just like Susie and I did.  She just has always 
acted a little funny toward me, and I know that she had a little fling 
with another girl in sixth grade.  So I guess she likes both girls and 
boys."

Ann had been looking down at the floor, perhaps at her own pussy, in 
fact, but at this point she raised her eyes to me and smiled, blinking 
those lovely lashes at me.

I smiled.  "OK, Ann, what is it that you have in your devious little 
mind?"

"Welllllllll," she said, reaching out to stroke my cock, "I was just 
thinking how you might like to watch me and Mattie, assuming I am right 
about her.  Maybe you'd even like to join in?"  

My dick was responding both to her attentions and her ideas.  "You mean 
you wouldn't get jealous if I, um, fucked Mattie Hanes?"

"Not if I was part of it.  I mean, not if it was you and me together,
like a team, and she was the outsider.  Not if we were both doing her. 
I've been wondering what a pussy tastes like, ever since you started
sucking me off." Sir Richard grew another inch and hardened in her
grasp.  She bent to take him in her mouth, but just before she did she 
said "besides, I've always wondered what it would be like to watch this 
magnificent dick slide into her.  I guess I've always been sort fo 
interested in her too."

As her mouth closed around my cock, bathing and sucking it, I found 
myself thinking about Mattie Hanes and her famous chest.  Maybe she 
wouldn't go for it, maybe she'd refuse.  But damn, it was worth a try...

                       <to be continued...>
