                       B L A C K   S U N D A Y

                                by Wes 
                                ------

The mesquite bush offered some cover but I would have perferred a brick wall.
From this vantage point, I could see the three men and only the back of the
woman. One had a large caliber hand gun and was waving it in the woman's face
and yelling at her. I removed my .44 magnum and pulled the hammer back, which
made a resounding click. I set the sights on the jerk with the hand gun and 
waited until I had a clear shot. Finally, the jerk back handed the woman and
sent her sprawing to the ground. His head was right where I wanted it. I slowly
squeezed the trigger down and fired. The .44 damn near set me on my butt from
the recoil, but through the sight, I could see that I had hit him. He flew
back, his head dissapearing in a red and grey mist. The woman began to scream
and the other two men went for thier guns. I took aim on the fat sucker and
fired. The round caught him squarely in the chest and he fell with most of his
inards coming out of his back. I caught sight of the third man running down
and around a burned out house. The silence was deafing, as I scanned the area
for the third man. He was no where in sight, so I yelled to the woman to see
if she was ok. She poked her head around the corner of a burned storage shed
and peered in my direction. I suddenly recognized her as Sherry. As I stood
up, I saw her eyes go wide and she smiled and called my name. I began to
walk down the hill towards her, with that beautiful face smiling back at me.
I suddenly felt a white hot burning feeling in my left sholder and felt myself
being thrown forward, just as I heard the shot from behind me. As the ground
rushed up to meet me, I realized it must be the third asshole. He must have
swung around behind me. I hit the ground with a resounding thud and felt a
dark fog begining to creep up on me. The .44 went flying out in front of me
out of reach. I fought the fog and began to crawl for the large revolver. As
I reached it, a shot rang out and the round hit about two inches from my right
ear, the sand stinging my face from where it hit. The fog was now a storm
cloud invading my mind. I reached the pistol and wrapped my right hand around
the smooth handle, and started to lift it. It felt as though it weighed a ton.
As I picked it up, I could see Sherry in a semi-crouch posistion with a large
handgun pointed in my direction. As she fired, the storm cloud enveloped me
completely and I fell into the velvety blackness, and the nightmare of Black
Sunday began again.


The week started out normal enough. Monday came in the form of a beautiful day,
with the Arizona heat starting early. I went to the office and began to pick
through my service calls. The Tucson Medical Center had logged another call on
thier NMR Cat Scanner. I had been fighting the damn thing for a month. Something
in the data logging computer kept acting up. I dialed the number on my memo pad
and Dr.Donaldson answered. He told me that the computer was at it again, so I
gave him a 45 minute ETA. I told the dispatcher to put me on the call and
grabbed the parts kit and headed out. Traffic was brisk on Speedway, and the
radio kept going back to the Middle East crisis, as the Butcher of Bagdad was
at it again. I switched off the radio and plugged a Moody blues tape in. I
finally reached TMC and swung into the service parking lot. As I was walking
down the hallway with my tool kit and parts kit, Dr.Donaldson stepped out of
a side door. He was an unassuming little bald guy wearing a starched white lab
coat, but he was more friendly than some of my other customers. We walked to
the NMR lab and talked about the problem. As I began running my diagnostics,
he said that the machine was mine for as long as I needed it, but he would 
return later and check on my progress. About 20 minutes had gone by when I
heard the door behind me open. I figured it was Donaldson, so I swung around
to give him an update. When I saw who it was, my heart skipped a beat. One of
the most beuatiful women I have ever seen was standing in the door way. She
was wearing a white nurse's uniform that covered most of her shapely legs.
As I scanned up her wonderful form, I could see the firm bulge of her breast
straining at the uniform's top. But her face was one of an angel. She had the
deepest blue eyes I had ever seen and her hair was a golden blonde color,
which was stacked on her head in a bunn. She smiled sweetly and introduced
herself as Nurse Craig, but she said I could call her Sherry. I managed to
cough my name out and weakly smile at her. She said that she was moving from
ER to the NMR lab and she would be in charge of the machine and wanted to 
watch me repair it. I offered her the chair next to and watched as she sat
that wonderful body down in it. I began to explain what I was doing, but had
to concentrate on not staring at her breast. Finally, I finished my tour of
repairing an NMR and she started to asking questions about this, that and the
other. As the system was running a long diagnostic, we began to engage in idle
chat. We were both surprised and delighted to find out that we had both attened
Louisiana State Univeristy at about the same time and knew some of the same
people, went to some of the same night clubs and enjoyed the same music. Her
long fingers were curled up in her lap and I noticed she wasn't wearing a
wedding band, so I screwed up my courage and ask how her husband liked Tucson.
Much to my relief, she replied that she had never been married. I figured a
woman as beautiful as this had to have a boyfriend, so I asked her. She had
a faint look of sadness cross her face and said that she had broke up with
him two months ago. Bingo ! I just might have a chance. We talked some more
until the printer spit out an error. I checked the error and found it to
be an intermittant on the serial I/O board. I replaced the board and brought
the machine back up. As I was packing my equipment up, I asked her if she would
mind having dinner with me Wensday night. She smiled the angel smile and said
that she had other plans Wensday, but she liked the offer. I gave her my phone
number and told her she could call when she had a chance. She smiled again and
said she would. I left TMC with her on my mind for the rest of the day.

Wensday came and went and the rest of the week was uneventful. Saturday finally
arrived and I was stuck on weekend call. I wheeled my Harley out of the garage 
and began to change the oil and spark plugs. The bike was a 1940 knucklehead
dresser and was indeed a collectors item. She was in mint condition and I
enjoyed keeping her that way. I had to be at Rincon Park at 3:00 P.M., where
I worked for the parks and rec as a part time Tae Kwon Do instructor. I got
my Dobok bag and slung it on the back of the Harley and headed down 22nd
street to the park. After a good two hour workout, I returned home and hit
the fridge, pulled out a ice cold bottle of Corona and downed it in four gulps.
Cold Mexican beer has a habit of making your head spin if drank to fast. I
then headed to the shower, after which I came out nude and plopped into the
recliner and flipped the tube on. All three channels had nothing but the on
going air strikes against Iraq and the tension between the Soviets and the
United States. It was to nice of a day to get depressed watching that. I flipped
the tube off and headed to the den to work with a new program for my 386.
Just as I sat down, the phone rang. I thought, well old bean, time to go back
to work. I answered the phone and much to my delight, it was Sherry. She said
that she was staying with a girlfriend in Sells and that the girlfriend's
boyfriend came into town and they decided to come to Tucson for dinner and
maybe a little dancing and she wanted to know if I would like to meet them.
I more than said I would love to, just tell me when and where. She gave me
the details and hung up. I was so thrilled, I couldn't think straight. I put
on a pair of black slacks and a sports shirt, then pulled on my dress boots
and headed out to the Harley. We were to meet at Sneaky Petes steak house
in East Tuscon at 7:00 P.M. I wheeled the big Harley out to Grant road and
headed east to Tanque Verde road, then to Sneaky Petes. I arrived at about
a quarter till, so I went to the bar and ordered a Corona and sat facing the
door waiting for them to arrive. About fifteen minutes later, she walked in.
My heart skipped a beat when I saw her. She was wearing a low cut black
mini skirt with nude colored pantyhose and black heels. Her golden blonde
hair was flowing around her shoulders and down the middle of her back. She
was absoultely beautiful. She seen me and smiled the angel smile again that
would melt any man's heart and started walking my way. As she was walking into
the bar, every guy in the place stopped in mid-sentence and stared at her.
I was on top of the world as she came up and said hi and took my hand and led
my back to her friends. Watching her hips sway started that old russling
feeling in my crotch. She introduced me to her friends and we proceeded into
the dining room. After a fantastic steak, we decided to head out to the Bum
Steer. When we got to the parking lot, she followed me to the Harley. Once she
had seen it, she became estatic. She said that she used to ride a Triumph 750
and that she dearly loved Harleys. Her friend asked if she was ready to go
and she said she would be riding with me. I got the bike started and she swung
her leg over the saddle, giving me a great view of her firm thighs. God, she
was gorgous. I had to concentrate on my driving rather than stare in the
rear view mirrors at her spread legs, which believe me, was difficult !
We arrived at the Bum Steer and paid the two dollar cover and went in. The
band was playing 60's and 70's rock and the place was filling up fast. We
started dancing the fast dances and just watching her breast jiggle from the
movements was turning me on to no end. I kept wishing for a slow song to
get the chance to hold the fantastic body next to me. I finally got my wish.
The band started playing the Moody Blues and Nights in White Satin. I put my
left arm around her waist and my right hand craddled her head. Her hair was
incredably soft and smelled so fresh and clean. Her breast were pressed into my
chest and I could feel her nipples getting hard through the fabric. Try as hard
as I may, I ended up getting an erection. She gently pressed her groin into
mine and kissed my ear. Her warm breath sending shivers down my spine. All to
soon, the song ended and I limped back to the table with her. We finished our
drinks and she said that as much as she hated to, they had to get back to Sells.
We walked back to the parking lot, hand in hand and her friends got into the 
car. She told them she would be there in a moment. I was leaning against the
bike when she came up and put her arms around my neck. I slid both arms around
her and pulled her closer. She whispered in my ear that she had one of the best
times she had in years and wanted to go with me on a date by ourselves. Before
I could answer, she gently pressed her lips to mine. Damn, she tasted good. I
now know where the song 'lips sweeter than wine' came from. I ran my tounge
along the bottom of her lip to her tounge. It was like an electric current
surging through me at the feel of her moist, wet tounge. While we were French
kissing, she run her hand to my hips and along to my beeper. She accidently
pressed the test button and it went off. She jerked her hand away, starled
at the sound. When she realized what it was, she burst out laughing and gave
me a quick kiss on the lips then turned to leave. She said she would call me
next week and we could set up a time. I told her that I could hardly wait to
see her again. She said good night and walked back to the car, her lovley
butt swaying gently. I mounted the Harley and wheeled out of the parking lot
onto south Stone Ave. I couldn't believe this was happening to me. I made it
home and crawled into bed at half pass two. I dozed off with the sweet taste
of Sherry's lips on mine.


I heard a dull ringing sound. Now what the hell was that ? Then I heard it
again and figured out is was the phone. I glanced at the digital clock on
the night stand and it showed 3:42. Who the hell would be calling me at 3:42
in the moring ? I answered the phone with a groan. It was my dispatcher. She
told me that the instrument landing system at the Marana Air park was down
and they need service now. I mumbled to her to have the logistics person set
out a parts kit and to call the air park back and give them a 5:00 ETA. I got
dressed and grabbed my tool kit. The air was still warm, so I decided to ride
the Harley. I strapped the tool kit on and headed to the office to pick up
the parts kit. Once I had the kit, I headed to Interstate 10 and then north
towards Pheonix. At 4:15 in the morning, the Interstate was empty, so I set
back listening to the low rumble of the Harley's engine, feeling the warm
desert air in my face and my sweet memories of the night before with Sherry.
I reached the Marana turn off and headed west towards the site. Suddenly, there
was a white-blue flash to the south that lit up the whole sky. My first thought
was that an aircraft had crashed because of my ILS system being down. I pulled
the Harley over to the shoulder and put the kick stand down then looked to the
south. I was instantly gripped in terror. The entire southern horizon was lit
up and out of the center of it was the nightmare of the decades old boogyman.
A large mushroom cloud was forming from it. Suddenly, a bright flash to the
north occured, followed a few seconds later by a flash to the northeast and
yet again, to the northwest. I was totally stunned and frozen in place. Then
the firestorm came. I could see a 500 meter high wall of dust rolling my
way from the north. I jumped off of the bike and made a dive for a culvert
along side of the road. I buried my head in the crook of my elbow just as it
hit. It sounded like the roar of a thousand jets coming at me. The pressure
forced all of the air out of my lungs and I couldn't breath. It stopped just
as fast as it came. I layed there sobing for what seemed like an hour. Finally
I crawled out of the culvert and stood up on shakey legs. The entire sky was
glowing a hellish color of red. Three mushroom clouds had formed to the north
and one to the south. My god, I thought, they actually did it ! The Harley was
still on it's kickstand and idleing, but the paint had been sandblasted off of
the side facing north. I straddled the bike and just sat, with it idleing.
Finally, I pulled the kick stand up and put her in gear and did a 'U' turn back
to the east. I reached I-10 and headed south towards the angry glow from Tucson.
As I was travelling towards Tucson, I began to notice shawdows of blown out
buildings along the highway. As I reached Ina road, there was a large fuel
tanker crossways in the road. It had exploded and burned every thing within a
100 meters of it. The smell of burnt rubber, gasoline and burnt flesh hit me
like a hammer. I turned off on Ina road and headed east towards the Catalina
mountains. As I crested a hill, I looked south, and my heart stopped ! What
once was a beuatiful city was now only a smoldering skeleton. Fires were
raging throughout the entire valley and the smell of death was overpowering.
I began to weep at the loss, as Black Sunday had arrived.


A sound in front of me jarred me awake. I slowly opened one eye and begin to
focus on a human form about 4 meters in front of me. I opened the other eye
and realized the form was definatly female, by the curves in the jeans. As I
started to sit up, a stabbing pain came from my left shoulder. I let out a 
little groan and the form spun around. I looked up into her face and saw that
it was Sherry. She was wearing a T-shirt and a pair of tight jeans with a
large holstered gun strapped to her side, the muzzle gently slapping the small
crease between her legs. She smiled and said something like welcome back to
the living. I just groaned and asked her what happened. She said that she was
scrounging for some supplies in that nieghborhood when she was suddenly
surrounded by three men. One of them told her to strip and she told him to go
to hell, so he slapped her and knocked her down. She said that she had just
looked up when his head exploded. After he fell, she grapped the .357 out
of his dead hand and hid behind a burned out shed. The fat man to her left
was getting his gun out when his back exploded. She then knew she was dead.
She said that when I called out, the voice sounded familiar, so she very
carefully looked in the direction of the voice. She said that her heart jumped
for joy when she saw who it was. As I was walking to her, she said her eyes
were focused on me when the shot came. The third bastard, as she put it, had
circled around. She took the .357 and aimed it at his face and fired. She said
she hit him in the throat and nearly severed his head off. Then she said that
she ran up to me and saw the shoulder wound. At first she thought I was dead
and she began to cry, but she checked the caritoid pulse and it was still
strong. She began to drag me up the hill, stopping to pick the .30-30 up
from the dead creep. At the top of the hill, she saw my Harley in the
distance, so she laid me down and ran to the bike. The keys was still in it,
so she started it and rode over to where I was at. She then said that putting
me on the bike was a chore and a half ! Once she had me straddled the seat, she
took a couple of bunge cords from the back of the seat and wrapped them around
me, then hooked then to the backrest to keep me in place. She then brought me
here, which was a small shack at the base of A-mountain. She said that I was
out for close to three days, but that was from the medication she shot me up
with. The .30-30 round had missed anything important and made a clean exit.
I told her it still hurt like hell, and she just laughed. My mouth felt like
a herd of Walrus's had shit in it and I asked her if she had something to 
brush my teeth with. She reached over me, her breast dangling in front of me
with a view that showed she wasn't wearing a bra, and retrived a tooth brush
and some tooth paste. I slowly got up and staggered to a basin by the door
and begin brushing my teeth. I noticed that all I had on was my red bikini
briefs and my manhood was semi-rigid, pressing against the fabric. Sherry
also noticed, but just smiled. After I cleaned the Walrus shit out of my
mouth and ducked outside for a good piss, I came in and sat on the edge of
the cot. Sherry sat down next to me and we started to talk. We talked for
what seemed like hours. Black Sunday happened nearly six months ago and I
was surprised to find out that such a beautiful creature as Sherry would
have to fight for her life. She had come back to Tucson several weeks after
the nuclear arrmageden began. Her friends were with her, but her girfriend's
boy friend was killed by a sniper and a week later, her girlfriend came down
with pnemonia and died. So she was alone all of this time trying to survive.
I told her it would be best for us to leave the city and head west, maybe
for the Yuma desert, to which she agreed, as the city had to many wierdos
in it. She finally got up and got the wash basin and a washrag and returned
to change the dressing over my wound. After she finished, she sat the basin
down and we just stared into each others eyes. I reached up and gently took
her chin in my hand and kissed her lips. She responded by putting her arms
around me. I could feel her nipples starting to get hard through her T-shirt,
so I slid my hand under her top and began to massage her firm tits. She let
out a little moan as my hand touched her now erect nipple on her left tit. I
then lifted the T-shirt up over her head and for the first time, saw her
breast. They weren't huge, but by all accounts a mouth full. The skin on
them was a creamy tan color and the nipples were a dark rose color. I started
to nibble on one of the nipples and she began to moan softly. As I was enticing
her nipple, my other hand begin to slide down her belly to the top of her 
jeans. I slid my hand under the top of the jeans and down to the top of her
panties, then finally to the top of her soft bush. Her bush was so soft and 
full and warm. She gently put her hands on my chest and pushed me back. She
asked if I felt up to it and I told her I felt like I could jog to Pheonix
and back right then. She let out a small laugh and stood up. She then begin
to unbutton her jeans and slid the zipper down ever so slowly. Then she pulled
her jeans off and was standing in front of me with nothing on but a pair of
black bikini panties. Her legs were awesome as they were so firm, yet soft
looking. She then hooked her thumbs into the waist band of her panties and
slowly pulled them off. She had the most beautiful pubic bush I had ever
seen. It was covered in a thick forest of strawberry blonde hair and was so
thick that the outline of her vagina lips was just visible. She then came over
and began to rub the now bulging spot in my briefs. She let out a little gasp
as she pulled them down, exposing my now fully erect manhood. She took it in
her hand and begin to run the tip of her tounge over the head, while stroking
it slowly up and down. I didn't know how much more of this I could stand as
she was driving me right out of my mind ! I whispered to her to turn around,
which she did, as she straddled my neck with her legs. I begin to probe her
moist femininity with my tounge, running it up and down the furry little
crack and finally finding her clit. She let out a soft moan as my tounge made
contact with her 'little man in the boat'. I continued to munch her fantastic
little muffin until she started to moving her hips into my face. She started
moving faster and faster, finally pressing her smooth warm thighs to the side
of my head in a wonderful orgasm. She then turned around and was facing me on
top as she guided my pleasently sore manhood into her. She run the head of it
along her slit then back to her love channel and finally into it. She slowly
sunk down until I was completely inside her. She then placed her hands on
my chest and began a slow up and down movement. God she was tight and felt so
good. I started to massaging her swinging tits in front of me as she began to
pick up speed. I knew I couldn't last much longer as I matched her rythem.
As the speed increased, the pressure in my balls was becoming unbearable, and
I kept the movement going at a fast pace. I finally couldn't take it any more
and started to cum. I thought I was going to cum so much that my body would
just shrivel up and blow away like a dried out leave. Her vagina began to
contract spasmatically and she gripped my manhood with all her might, milking
every last drop of semen from it. Afterwards, she collapsed on my chest and
I just held her close to me. Her rapid breathing in my ear felt so good. I
started to gently massage her back and neck. Her breathing finally reduced
to a steady rate, she would softly moan when I rubbed a tender spot. After
a few minutes, she was softly snoring at my ear. I ever so gently wrapped my
arms around her and dozed off myself, completely relaxed.


I jerked awake and startled Sherry as she jerked up right. She looked down at
me and smiled the prettiest smile I had ever seen. She then kissed my nose and
started to get up. As she did, my dick made a gentle plopping sound as it came
out of her sweet vagina. I watched her nude body as she walked towards the
wash basin, she was indeed poetry in motion, so beautiful and so graceful.
She cleaned herself up and threw me the wash rag, a little wet with water and
semen and I washed 'Mr. Happy' off and began to get dressed, slow so as not to
wake my shoulder up. We had decided that it was best to leave Tucson by dark
so we loaded the Harley up with bare equipment. When we was ready, I strapped
the .44 on my waist belt and slung the .30-30 over the Harley's back rest.
Sherry came out with the .357 strapped on and that damn lucky barrel aginst
her soft, sweet mound. We mounted the bike and headed south to the Ajo highway.
And as I wheeled the big Harley on to westbound 86 highway, with the sun 
dipping below the Santa Rosa mountain range, and the warm desert wind in my
face and the Harley roaring under me and my wonderfully sweet Sherry snuggled
in close behind me and the soft, faint scent of her womanhood tickling my
nose, I suddenly realized just how wonderfully precious life was. I silently
gave thanks for being allowed to live.

 
                                August 1990



                   B L A C K   S U N D A Y  I I

                               by Wes 

The dark road ahead looked like a fun land for ghost and demons. The forboding
entrance was blocked by a burned out station wagon, the skeleton of it's sole
passenger bleached by the desert sun. I shifted the old Harley into 1st gear
and slowly proceeded around the staion wagon and between the van that had rear
ended it. The road had maybe eight cars and trucks jumbled up on it and I looked
at each and everyone, searching for what I needed most. Finally, a car that was
hit in the side came into view. The Harley's headlight striking the rusted
side. I stopped the bike and put the kick stand down and got off to investigate
the car. I heard a noise behind me and drew the .44 out of it's holster and
swung around. Damn, it was to dark to see anything. I ducked behind the car and
stuck my head up just high enough to see what the noise was. Much to my relief,
a lone dog scrounging for a bit of food came into view of the bike's headlight.
I re-holstered the .44 and began to check the car out. The windows were fogged
up and the Harley's headlight didn't show much through them, but the stench
coming from the cab told me I didn't want to open the doors anyway. I got down
on the ground and slid under the back of the car. Tapping my knuckles on the
gas tank told me I had found what I needed, maybe a half a tank of gas ! I
returned to the Harley and pulled out the tool kit and got the jerry can off
of the back, then returned to the car. I felt along the bottom of the gas tank
and found the fuel line, then proceeded to remove it with the jerry can under
it. The tank held enough to fill the five gallon can up. I then returned to the
bike and filled the near empty gas tank up, then strapped the jerry can back to
the rear fender. I got on the bike and began to weave my way out of the twisted
wreckage. Finally, I was out and heading North towards Nevada, where my Sherry
had been kidnapped to only two days before.


We had left the dead ruins of Tucson nearly four months ago. We hit the Yuma
desert and found it hard to find enough game to eat, much less water, so we had
decided to head North. The very few people we had run into had said that the
Pheonix valley was one total radiation pot, so we gave the valley a wide berth
and traveled to the west of the city. Finally, we had hit Wickenburg and began
heading North on highway 93. When we arrived in Kingman, we found a whole  
settlement of people. They had a road block up at the entrance to the small
city and stopped us with M-16's stuck in our face. They said that if we didn't
have trade to turn around and head back the way we came. I explained that I was
an electronics engineer and that Sherry was a registered nurse. We damn near
had a full escort into the town ! They assigned us living quarters and jobs. I
was to work at the local power plant and Sherry at the hospital. Things were
starting to work out rather well as the town was undamaged by the destruction
of World War III. We had decided about two weeks ago to move out of the little
town and live in Chloride, about 20 miles north. Chloride was a very small
ghost town, but the buildings were still standing and there was maybe 10 people
who lived in the settlement. One in particular was Carole, a woman that was
maybe 22 years old and loved to wear tank tops without a bra and very small
shorts. She was nice looking and I enjoyed showing her something that she would
have to lean over to look at just to get a good view of her firm tits. 
Last week, I was working on the Harley and had to go into the house to get a
wrench. When I returned, I saw someone that I didn't know staring at the bike.
He was also carrying a rifle. I grabbed the .44 and went out the back of the
house, then creeped around the side. I stuck the .44 under my arm to cock it
so the hammer wouldn't make a sound, then creeped up behind the man and stuck
the barrel into the base of his skull. He instantly froze in place. I asked
him just what the hell he was doing and he began to blabber something about
he was just admiring the bike and meant to indroduce himself. I slowly removed
the .44 and he turned around. He had scraggly grey hair and an unruly grey
beard, with no teeth. He said his name was Gus and that he had lived here
before the war. We began to talk I found out that he had a four wheel drive
jeep and he liked to prospect in the hills and he would show me around them
if I liked. I told him that we could get together and check them out sometime.
He finally left and I returned to working on the bike.

I was working late at the power plant night before last and Sherry decided to
return to Chloride, as she wasn't feeling to well. As it turned out, Carole
also worked at the hospital and had a car, so they both left. Sherry and 
Carole were becoming good friends and Carole would come over just to talk. One
rather hot night, she came over wearing her tank top and shorts and the three
of us sat out on the porch, just talking. Sherry got up and went in for some
thing, so Carole got up and moved over next to me. As she sat down, she leaned
way over, knowing I was checking out her tits in the tank top. She asked if
I liked them and all I could do was stutter a faint yes out. She smiled and
put her hand on my crotch and gently squezzed. She smiled and said she liked
that to and we would have to do something about it. She took her hand off of
my crotch just as Sherry was coming out. I was glad it was dark and Sherry
couldn't see the bulge formed in my jeans !

I returned home after working late that night and something just wasn't right.
I pulled the Harley into to yard and saw the screen door ripped off of the
hinges. I killed the bike and pulled the .44 out, then proceeded towards the
house. The door was open, so I creeped up to the side of the door. I swung
low with the .44 in front of me into the doorway. The place was a mess ! I
called Sherry's name and got no answer. Walking though the house, I could tell
there had been a fight as blood was splattered on the floor, but no Sherry.
I suddenly heard foot steps behind me so I swung around with the .44 in front.
Standing there was Gus, wearing an expression like someone goosed him. I lowered
the .44 and motioned for him to come on in. I asked if he knew what happened
and he said the Road Muraders had hit town. He went on to say that this band
of assholes had taken both Sherry and Carole then headed out. All I could
think of was getting them back unhurt. Gus said that he thought they had a
hideout in the outskirts of Henderson Nevada and proceeded to tell me the
location. I thanked him and went out to get the Harley ready to ride. He
wanted to come along, but I told him it would be better if I went alone, but
I didn't tell him that I thought he was to old to be doing shit like this.
As I mounted the bike, he came over and handed me a sawed off shotgun with a
box of shells, as he said I might need it. I thanked him and headed out.

The highway to Henderson Nevada was blocked by one big obsticle, Hoover Dam.
The Nukes going off in Nevada and Southern California had caused the Dam to
fracture then burst, sending Lake Mead to destroy the Colorado River valley.
There was a bridge about 80 miles to the Northeast of the Dam that crossed over
the Colorado river before it got to Lake Mead and Gus said it was still open,
so I made way to it. I was now about 3 miles from the bridge and I didn't
know what to expect. The ride from the car wrecks to here was uneventful, but
the bridge may be guarded. I stopped the Harley at a lookout point over the
bridge and went to the edge to scan the area. I was glad I had kept the night
vision scope that I aquired several years ago ! Much to my surprise, the area
was void of any life, so I returned to the bike and headed to the bridge. As
I got to it, I pulled out the shot gun and held it ready to fire in my lap as
I crossed. No problem at all, not a soul. I then doubled back towards my
destination of Henderson. I arrived at about 4:30 in the morning and got to
within a block of the Road maurders hang out. I killed the bike and wheeled it
into a small building. I grabbed the shot gun, the shells and extra shells for
the .44, then began heading to the house of my interest. There was a large
fence around it, so I scaled to the top and looked across the yard with the
night scope. Nothing out of the normal, so I climbed on over and made my way
to the back of the house. From inside, I could hear laughter and shouts of
maybe four people, including a woman. Off to my left was a small gas driven
generator chunking along, so I made it over to the generator. My plan was to
kill the generator, which would put darkness on my side. I reached over and
flipped the ignition switch down, which killed the generator, then ducked 
around a corner and waited. Sure enough, one of them came out with a bright
flash light and started to head towards the generator, cursing under his
breath as he went. He leaned over the generator and I stepped out behind him.
I grabbed his hair and forced his head into his chest, then violently snapped
his head to the right, snapping his neck like a twig. I grabbed the flashlight
as he fell dead beside the generator. I then walked over to the door that he
came out of and walked in, the flashlight in front of me. I was in the living
room of the house and there was three men and a woman sitting down. The man
in the center, a huge mother with tattoos on his chest and a large beard said
something like 'Dammit man, get that fucking light out of my face, you stoned
asshole'. I said nothing as thier eyes got accustomed to the light and they
could see I wasn't who they expected. They all stood at once and I waved the 
shot gun at them and told them to not to move. The mean looking mother wanted
to know who the hell I was. I told him that who I was didn't matter, but who
he had did. I told him he had two women that I wanted back and he just said
'fuck you asshole'. I leveled the shot gun at his face and told him he had till
the count of five to tell me where they were. Again, his only responce was to
tell me where to stuff the shot gun. I began counting, five.....four.....three
.....two.....one.....zero, then fired. His head splattered the drapes behind
him in a grisly red mess. I swung the shot gun to the next mans head and told
him he had to the count of five to tell me where they were. The son of bitch
started talking like a parrot on crack ! I did get the last room on the right
out of him though. I told the three men  and the woman to turn around and put
their hands behind their backs and spread their legs wide. Each did without
hesitation. Looking around, I saw a cord for opening the blinds behind me, so
I took out my knife and cut it down. I then proceeded to tie each ones hands
behind them, then ordered them to lay face down on the carpet. I told them I
would kill the first one that so much as farted, then proceeded to the last
room on the right. The door was closed, so I leveled the shot gun and kicked
the door. The damn thing didn't open ! I reached down and it was unlocked so
I opened it then kicked it the rest of the way open. The room had three beds
in it and tied to each bed was a woman spread eagled with her hands tied to
the headboard and her feet tied to either side of the footboard. Sherry was
in the last bed, Carole in the middle and another woman in the first. I ran
over to Sherry and pulled the gag out of her mouth and all she could do was
cry. I cut her hands loose then her legs and she wrapped her nude body around
me. I patted her back I told her it was ok, she was safe now. I kissed her
forhead and told her to get dressed as I moved to the other two women. I
leaned over Carole's nude body and couldn't help notice that her bush was even
more dense than Sherry's, which was covered in a light brown hair. I made a
mental note to check it out up close. I then moved to the thrid woman, of whom
I didn't know, to cut her loose. She was beat up pretty bad but she had large
tits and a shaved pussy ! I had never seen a shaved beaver before, and got
a semi erection just looking at it. But now wasn't the time to be looking at
pretty pussies, as we were still in grave danger. I told the women to get
dressed and meet me in the living room. I returned to the living room and
the four of them were just where I left them. I heard a new sound and jerked my
head up in time to see another man standing in the door way that I entered the
house from. He was holding a large pistol and it was amied right at my gut !
I remember Gus saying there was five of these assholes and this must have been
the fifth man. He very calmly told me to drop my shot gun, which I reluctantly
did. He then said it was time for me to die. I heard the shot and swear I felt
it hit me, but the guy in front of me slumped to his knees then fell over. 
Standing behind him was Gus, wearing a toothless grin, holding a smoking gun.
At that moment, I could have kissed the old bastard, but all I could manage was
a thanks. He said he didn't want me to have all the fun and followed me here
in his jeep and besides, he had unfinished buisness with this group of rectums.
At that moment, the three women came out of the hall and over to me. The flash
light showed that they all had bruses on them so I asked Sherry what they did
to them. She said that the big dead mother had raped the first woman, which
made my mind for a second drift back to her shaved pussy, and had slapped them
all around. The bastard still laying on the floor had also fingered them and
slapped them around. I asked about the other two and the woman. She said that
they didn't hurt them and the woman was compassionate towards them. Carole had
put her arm around me and had her head on my shoulder. I kissed Sherry's cheek
and kissed Carole's forehead and told them to go with Gus to the jeep, that I
had unfinished buisness to attend to. Gus led them back to the jeep and I did
what I had to. I told them to sit on their knees, which they did, the woman
was crying. The asshole that had slapped them around and violated them with
his fingers was the closest. I wanted to make sure his raping days was over.
I stuck the shot gun between his legs and fired, blowing his genitals all over
the couch. I woman was wailing now and the guy next to her was sobing loudly.
I then took the knife and cut them loose and told them that if I ever seen any
of them again, I would put them in the ground, then I headed to the jeep.

I came out through the front door and seen the jeep coming around the corner.
I ran up to the passengers side and yelled to Gus that my bike was down the
street. He stopped in front of the shed and I jumped off and ran to the Harley.
Once I got it started, I yelled that I would follow close behind him as we
left town. About a mile down the road, a shot rang out from a building on the
left and the jeep started to jerk across the road. I thought what in the hell
are you doing Gus ? ? Then the jeep regained it's path and began to speed down
the road with me close behind. We traveled maybe 20 miles and the jeep pulled
over. I pulled up behind it and put the Harleys kickstand down and went up to
the drivers side. There was a large hole in the window and blood all over the
front of the cab. Sherry opened the door and told me that the shot had hit Gus
in the head and killed him. I suddenly felt a great loss for the old cogder.
He was good people and he had saved my life. I pulled him out of the front and
put his body in the back of the jeep, then told Sherry to follow me back to
Chloride. Once we arrived in Chloride, I took the jeep with Gus up to the foot
hills that he loved so much and buried him with a simple cross on his grave.
Then I returned home. The new woman had relations in Kingman and wanted to go
back so Carole had given her the keys to her car and let her take it. I went
in to take a warm bath then I wanted to crawl into bed. I came out and Sherry
asked if I was ok for Carole to stay, which I agreeded to. Sherry asked if I
liked her and I told her that I thought she was pretty and that I did like her.
So Sherry smiled and said for me to go to the bedroom and she would be back
in a moment. I took the towel off and laid nude on the bed waiting. I was 
shocked to see her AND Carole come in, both nude. Niether said a word as Sherry
got in on my left and Carole on my right. I had never had two women at once and
this was wild. Carole took my rock hard erection and began to move her hand
up and down while Sherry played with my balls. Then without saying a word,
Carole turned around and put her brown haired pussy in my face while Sherry
straddled my groin. Sherry then slid my manhood into her and Carole began to
grind her crotch into my face. My mind was reeling with the feeling of Sherry
riding my hard on and my tounge probbing Carole's love pot. Finally, the 
pressure in my balls was to much and I started to buck my hips as Sherry started
to increasing her speed and Carole grinding away on my tounge. We all three
reached an orgasm at the same time ! ! Sherry then moved off of my shrinking
dick and began to lick the sides while Carole licked the head clean. Then they
both laid down beside me, with my arms around each one and their legs across
me. As I dozed off, I thought, god, life is wonderful........


                                    October 1990
