[Chapter 9  Adventuring Outside]

And that was that.  Ann had taken possession, had turned the situation
around in her mind.  She still treated me like her master, of course,
since that was part of the thrill for her, but in the days that
followed, I could see that she had laid her claim, and that I was hers.  
All pretense at school stopped, and we went virtually everywhere together.

She also found that she liked sex in public.  As most people will tell
you who have tried it, the excitement that comes with the fear of
getting caught can be pretty addictive, and though I still preferred
our garage apartment, Ann talked me into several daring encounters:

We fucked in a vacant counselors office, right there in the
administration bulding, the door locked but people walking by outside
all the time.  I sat in the big desk chair, my pants lowered to my
butt, while ann lifted her skirt, dropped her panites around one ankle (I
guess she'd picked that up from our adventure in the woods) and
perched on her knees on the arms of the chair.  She fucked me like that, 
no part of our bodies touching except my cock in her pussy, Ann rocking 
wildly while holding onto the back of the chair, and people's voices 
echoing in the hall outside.

She gave me a rather heated, lusty blowjob behind the baseball
diamond's backstop out in the atheletic field.  Though no one could see 
her kneeling behind the green wooden wall, my head and shoulders were
easily visible through the chain link fence, had anyone cared to glance 
our way.  When we left, I noticed a dirbble of my come on her neck just in
time, before someone saw it.  She thought that was hilariously funny.

I ate her pussy while she sat in the ticket booth to the student
theatre, trying to keep her composure as I flicked her clit with my
tongue.  Ironicly, Randy had come up to the booth to beg her to at
least talk to him again, and had left wondering why she was acting so
strange.  She'd told him to fuck himself, and had sort of hiccoughed 
on the word "fuck," since I had given her a particularly hard suck at 
that point. She came on my face and I had to clean up with some rather 
thin kleenex she had, to get the pussy smell off my face before I went 
to wood shop.

She somehow got the keys to the chem lab, and we sucked and fucked the
lunch hour away, right there at the desk where we had once been lab
partners.  As she bent to take my dick in her mouth she said, "This is
to make up for how badly I treated you when we were partners." She
took my dick all the way down her throat, in a particularly strong and
enthusiastic stroke.  All I could do was gasp "Aaaaaaapology
accepted...." as she sucked away.

But it was back in our old haunts above her parents' garage that she
began to think some really wild thoughts.  We had just finished our
afternoon excersizes, and were lieing on the floor of the living room
eating some cheese and crackers while she rubbed her naked legs on
mine.

"You mentioned about Linda Short knowing a lot."  She said this in a
tone that said just-asking-no-big-deal.

"Ann, that was last summer.  I won't ever even see her again."

"Who knows?  She might visit again.  But that's not why I brought it
up.  I was wondering if the fact that she had made it with another girl,
well, if it made you disgusted or anything."  Again, she was forcing
her voice into a tone that sounded casual, but was not.

"No.  Why should it?  Why are you asking this?"

"You know Mattie Hanes?"

"Um.  Another one of the royalty."

"Well, sort of.  Anyway, you think she's pretty?"  Ann's face was
impossible to read - I knew she had a tendency to get jealous at
times, but this did not have that feeling to it.  Besides, she had 
brought it up.

"Sure, of course.  The guys call her Miss Best Chest of the West.  I'm
sure most of them have fantasized about her from time to time."

"Including you?"  Again, an enigmatic look.  I was getting a little
pissed off - you want it, Ann?  You got it.

"Sure.  I'll tell you the details of the wet dream if you're
interested.  It all centered around tit fucking."  My voice 
sounded angry, and she recoiled a bit.

"Don't get mad," she said, her voice a pout.  "I'm not asking because
I'm jealous or anything.  See, she's always had sort of a thing for
me."

I had to admit that I was pretty shocked.  I thought nothing would
suprise me after I first heard Ann Macafee beg me to fuck her.  Mattie
Hanes a dyke?  She looked a lot like mamie Van Doren, but with red
hair.  Huge tits, by high school standards.  Killer figure.  Wore 
tight t-shirts and knee-high plaid skirts.  And she liked girls?

"Sheesh," I said.  "I know a lot of guys who would kill themselves if
they knew she was queer."

"Oh, no.  I mean, she likes boys.   She's still a virgin, I'm pretty
sure, but when we watched those movies together she talked about the
cocks and everything just like Susie and I did.  She just has always
acted a little funny toward me, and I know that she had a little fling
with another girl in sixth grade.  So I guess she likes both girls and
boys."

Ann had been looking down at the floor, perhaps at her own pussy, in
fact, but at this point she raised her eyes to me and smiled, blinking
those lovely lashes at me.

I smiled.  "OK, Ann, what is it that you have in your devious little
mind?"

"Welllllllll," she said, reaching out to stroke my cock, "I was just
thinking how you might like to watch me and Mattie, assuming I am
right about her.  Maybe you'd even like to join in?"

My dick was responding both to her attentions and her ideas.  "You
mean you wouldn't get jealous if I, um, fucked Mattie Hanes?"

"Not if I was part of it.  I mean, not if it was you and me together,
like a team, and she was the outsider.  Not if we were both doing her.
I've been wondering what a pussy tastes like, ever since you started
sucking me off." Sir Richard grew another inch and hardened in her
grasp.  She bent to take him in her mouth, but just before she did she
said "besides, I've always wondered what it would be like to watch
this magnificent dick slide into her.  I guess I've always been sort of
interested in her too."

As her mouth closed around my cock, bathing and sucking it, I found
myself thinking about Mattie Hanes and her famous chest.  Maybe she
wouldn't go for it, maybe she'd refuse.  But damn, it was worth a try...

