[Chapter 6  The Pleasures of Ann]

It was raining hard outside, the torrential blast pounding on the
window over the sink, and she was taking me deeper than she ever had,
my cock sliding not only into her throat, but far into it; so far that
her chin rested between my balls on each long downstroke.

We were not on the bed.  Through experimentation (wondrous hours of 
it), we had found that Ann could suck me best if I sat on the couch, 
my ass at the edge, while I lay back.  Ann had brought several throw 
cushions from the main house ("Nobody uses that guest room anymore 
anyway") and we used them under the small of my back to make things 
comfortable for me.

Ann would then kneel between spread legs - she found that she liked
them spread wide - to suck me.  She put two of the throw cushions 
on the floor for her to kneel on, this giving her the proper angle 
to deep-throat me.

She would begin my jacking my shaft with both hands, gently, while she
licked the tip and glans, slavering her tongue all over my dickhead
and allowing a stream of her saliva to trickle down to my balls.  Then
she'd suck my balls lightly until the dripping abated, after which she'd
return to the head and lick some more.  She was waiting for my precome
ooze to reach the proper state - enough to lubricate my shaft.  She
had found that with enough lubrication of this kind she could take me as
deeply as she wanted to, with no discomfort.

And deep she took me.  Ann had become, in the three weeks since our
arrangment had begun, obsessed with my cock.  Sucking it deeply,
taking absolutely all of it until there was not even a fraction of 
an inch left to push down her throat, had become a personal 
challenge.  She also claimed that she never failed to have at least two 
orgasms while sucking my dick.

She had also perfected our fucking techniques, finding that doggie
style, her kneeling on the bed and I standing behind her, was the
second best position in terms of depth and angle.  The best position,
she claimed (and I had to agree, actually) was where I lay on my back
on the bed, one of our infamous throw cushions under my ass, and she
straddled me, lowering her pussy onto my dick.  She would lean forward
slightly until her tits were pressed into my extended hands, and then
slide her cunt up and down on my dick, her hips twitching and bucking
as the pressure on her clit drove her to delirium.  My personal
favorite was something of the reverse; she on her back on the bed, a
pillow under her ass, while I pumped her pussy.  Conventional, but
satisfying.  I did not get as deep that way, but the look of her in 
that position, her tits swaying, her hair splayed out on the bed; well,
let's just say it was magical in its own way.

Ann, of course, would do whatever I said.

That was the amazing part.  We had met nearly every school-day
afternoon at her parent's garage apartment for the past three weeks,
sucking and fucking for an hour or two, and it seemed that each day
she had become more and more willing.  It had come down to the point that
when I arrived she was always there, always naked, and always eager to
get started immediately.  On two occasions, on days when I'd been
slightly delayed, I could tell she had masturbated before I had
arrived.  She wanted my dick, pure and simple.  She'd even named it
"Sir Richard", which she'd told me once as I was fitting it into her snug
cunt:

"Ohhhhhhhhh, now let's get Sir Richard all the way in Ann's little
pussy..."

My eyebrows had arched at that.  "Sir Richard?"

"Push, push, mmmmmmmmmmm.  Richard, love, as in 'dick.'  Oh, hurry up,
and slide him alllllllllll the way inside me..."

That had been a week ago, and it seemed to me that she was by this
time as passionately interested in our situation as I was.  If not more.

I decided I wanted to get some more photographs of Ann, for my private
collection.  I wanted nudes, of course, and perhaps even a shot or two
of her loving my dick with her mouth or pussy.  She had initially
refused:

"No.  That's too much.  You've got enough pictures of me already, and
look where they've got me."

"Ann..."

"I'm doing everything you ask.  I'm sucking your dick, I'm letting you
fuck me.  I'm doing my part, even getting good at it.  No more
pictures."  She looked determined.

It occurred to me immediately to threaten her with publication of the
photos I did have, but I was not sure that would work.  She knew that
I would rather fuck her than ruin her, and it took some of my power away
so long as she continued to put out.  But I had noticed her obsession
building and decided to try and use it.

I said nothing more about the photos until about twenty minutes later,
while we were fucking.  I had her on her back, and was pumping her
pussy with long, deep strokes while thumbing her clit with my left hand.  
I had taken care not to give her too much too fast, since her orgasms
were slower in arriving but much more intense when I took my time in this
way.  When I sensed that she was about to come - her back was arching, her
face was intense, her thighs quivvering - I abruptly stopped, my dick
halfway in her, and held my position.

"Uhhhhhhh.  No, don't stop, I'm close," she whined.

"I want to take some more pictures of you, Ann."  I moved my cock
slightly and rubbed a spot very near her clit with my thumb.

"No, no, oh you bastard.  Make me come, oh, make me come."

"You want my cock, Ann?"

"Oh god yes, make me come Sir Richard I want to come so bad..." she
was lifting her hips now, trying to fuck herself on my cock, but I 
pressed her down with my hand and gave her only short, infrequent, 
shallow strokes, just enough to make her crazy.

She was whimpering, almost crying.  "Please, please, god I wanna
cooooome..."

"The pictures, Ann.  Agree to the pictures and you can come.  Say yes
and I'll give you everything I've got."

She started rubbing her tits and tweaking her nipples, trying to make
herself come, but it was no user.  Finally she said "OK, OK, you can
take the fucking pictures..."

"You swear, Ann?"

"Yes, yes, now fuck meeeeeeee!  Make me come!"

I laid into her with renewed vigor, and she came almost immediately,
in a warm and vast flood.  As usual, her come made her pussy instantly
slicker and hotter, and I came too, our juices mixing inside her.
Afterwards, we lay for several minutes before she had the strength to
talk.

"That was shitty," she said, but the bitterness in her voice was
distant, measured.

"I want what I want," I replied.  I had discovered in myself, through
this domination of our high school queen, a certain calm ruthlessness
that I had never known existed.  I had not been as cruel to her as I
could have been, and that was a good thing to know too.  I was strong,
but no monster.

"Yes, that's obvious.  You have an inhuman amount of self control too.
How could you stop in the middle like that?"

"It was not easy.  But there's another thing to consider here, Ann,
and I wonder if you have thought of it."

She raised her half on one elbow, and her right breast rubbed
deliciously on my chest.  Sir Richard began to stir, and I knew we'd
be at it again very soon.  "What do you mean?" she asked.

"You gave in, but not because I threatened you with distributing the
photos of you and Bill.  I never even mentioned it.  In fact, I never
do anymore."

She paused to think, her fingers absently twining in my pubic hair. 
"I guess you're right.  I..."

"You relented because you wanted my cock.  Suppose I burned the other
contact sheet I have and all my negatives tomorrow, not that I am
about to, but would you want to stop our afternoons here?"

The rain outside began to fall even harder, making the roof like a
large drum.  I could barely hear her when she said "God, you're right.  
It's not that I'm afraid of the photos anymore.  I'm hooked."  She looked
me in the eyes and wrapped her hand around my now rigid dick.  "I'm
hooked on your cock..."  She began to stroke it lovingly.

I smiled, and she smiled, and I said "Well, now, Sir Richard would
like a word with Miss Kitty."

I pushed her gently onto her back and began to position my dick
against her hole.

"Miss Kitty?" she asked, her eyes beginning to flutter in response to
the impending fuck.

"Yes, love, Kitty, as in pussy..."

And I slid into her warm, wet tightness.

