"BLACKMALED" 

PART 2 - ONLY THE BEGINNING? 

     She stepped out of the elevator at exactly 8:55 Monday  morning.
The Vice-President of Finance walked through the hallways, saying the 
obligatory hello to everyone she passed. Her secretary already had a 
steaming cup of coffee and her appointment book laid out the desk. After 
opening her closet, Ann gazed inside. Last Thursday evening, she was in 
this same spot, but for a different reason. Ann reflected on  her
behavior and the events of that night. Things had changed since then. 
She couldn't put a finger on what was different, but she had this gut 
feeling that something was not the same.
     "Oh well, I better get to work." she said, talking out  loud  to
herself.
     "I know how you feel. It was all I could do to drag  myself  out
of bed this morning."
     "Please don't sneak up on me like that." Ann told her secretary.
     "Sorry. I'll wait until you've had your coffee, then come back."
     "That's okay Tracy. What do you need?" Ann asked.
     "I  only  wanted  to  let  you  know  that  I   scheduled   your
appointments for Tuesday and later as best I could. I figured that if 
you're anything like me, you wouldn't want people bothering you the 
first day after a long weekend. Today, you only have an 11:30 meeting 
with Mr. More from Do-It-Right Janitors. I've already reserved the 
conference room. He'll be here to renegotiate the building maintenance 
contract. Don't worry about a time limit, you're the only one on the 
list for the room all day. Other than him, you're free to kick back and 
take it easy."
     While stepping to her desk, Ann  trembled  slightly  when  Tracy
mentioned the word 'Janitors'.
     "Thanks." Ann said and picked up her coffee.
     Sitting down, she thought about her weekend. Nothing went right. 
Ann got into a fight with her boyfriend and spent the weekend alone. 
Within 1 hour after he arrived at her apartment late Thursday night, 
they were yelling and shouting at each other. She gathered that his 
extensive business trip wasn't as productive as he would have liked and 
it seemed as though he was taking it out on her.
      Setting her personal problems aside, Ann began to work  on  the
reports on her desk, the same reports she was suppose to complete last 
Thursday night. Ann looked at her watch after closing the last folder. 
It was 11:20. Ann buzzed Tracy, asked her for a few  things,  and
proceeded next door to the conference room.
     "Here are the files you wanted. There's  several  invoices  that
haven't been paid. Accounting wouldn't disperse the funds until they 
have your approval." she told her boss.
     "Thanks Trace." Ann said, opening the files  and  going  through
them.
     Mr. More  arrived  at  11:30  for  his  appointment.  Tracy  was
startled by his silent and sudden appearance. He stood towering over her 
desk looking for Ann. Eternally the busy-body and not ever embarrassed, 
Tracy asked him how tall he was.
     "6 foot 10. And, before you ask, I don't play basketball. I  can
think of better ways to work up a sweat." Sam answered and smiled.
     Tracy chuckled at his joke then escorted him to  the  conference
room. Knocking once on the closed door, she followed Sam inside.
     "Mr. More, this is Ann Sutter, our Vice  President  of  Finance.
Can I get you anything before you start your meeting?" Tracy asked.
     "Coffee, black, will be just fine dear." Sam  said  and  took  a
seat across from Ann at the large conference table.
     Tracy couldn't help but notice the astonished look on Ann's face 
when she saw Mr. More. Her boss was also turning a bright red and 
suddenly became very nervous. Ann's reaction to the large man was 
similar to her own, but Tracy doubted very much that Ann had the same 
reason.
     The silence and hostility between  them  lasted  for  2  seconds
after Tracy left.
     "I believe I can close these files for good. Any  questions  Mr.
More?"
     "How do you want me to begin?" Sam asked.
     "Don't bother trying! If you'll excuse  me,  I  have  to  notify
security that your firm will no longer be working here." Ann said and 
started walking toward the door.
     "Sit your ass down and shut the fuck up!" Sam hollered.
     Ann ran to the phone on her right  and  was  about  to  hit  the
intercom button, when his massive hands grabbed her small wrist.
     "It'd be a shame to break your arm. Now, sit  still  and  behave
yourself." he said and walked her back to the chair.
     "I don't know what you THINK you're going to accomplish, but you 
just made the biggest mistake of your life buster! My secretary will be 
back, and when she walks through that door, I'm going to scream my head 
off."
     "Like you did the  other  night?  You'd  better  look  at  those
first!"
     Sam produced a white envelope from his jacket and  threw  it  at
her, causing Ann to jump. She picked it up from her lap and looked 
inside. What she saw made her heart stop and her face turn white with 
horror. It was a stack of pictures. Pictures he had somehow taken in her 
office last Thursday! She only got a look at the top one when there was 
a soft knock on the door and Tracy came in, carrying a tray with two 
cups and a pot of coffee on it.
     "I'll  set  this  down  here  and  then  make  sure  you're  not
disturbed."
     "Thank you...Tracy? It is Tracy, right?" Sam asked her.
     "Yes sir, Mr. More."
     "Well Tracy, as you can see, we have a lot of things to go over, 
so I'm glad you brought the whole pot. Thank you."
     "You're welcome sir." Tracy said and left.
     "What's this all about? How did you get these?" Ann asked  after
they were alone.
     Sam swung Ann's chair around so she was facing him and glared at 
her. Ann cringed in fear at his imposing figure. When he did speak, 
Sam's deep voice was evenly pitched and foreboding .
     "Never mind! It's too late for that. Right now, if I  were  you,
I'd be more concerned about other people seeing these. Your boyfriend 
for instance, or the members of the Board of Directors. What do you 
think they'd do after seeing these?" Sam said and paused while she 
mulled it over.
     Ann knew she'd be ruined  if  anyone  ever  saw  them.  The  one
picture she did look at, showed her laying on top of Sam, passionately 
kissing and making love to him. She didn't need to see the others.
     "Now pay attention, Ann, because I'm not going to repeat myself. 
You and I are going to spend a lot of time together. You will  do
anything I want, any time I tell you! Do I make myself clear? If you 
don't, I'll make sure every member on the Board of Directors of this 
company, plus your boyfriend, get their own personal copy of those 
pictures."
     "Okay, how much do you want?" Ann asked him.
     "First, I think you should reconsider the  contract."  Sam  told
her and stood up straight again.
     Fishing it out of  the  folders,  Ann  quickly  read  it.  After
scribbling some notes on it, she held the contract out to Sam.
     "There! That's double the amount and it's for three  years,  not
one!"
     "That's pretty generous, but I'm more  interested  in  what  you
have!"
     Ann took off her rings, bracelet, watch, necklace, and earrings.
     "This isn't strip poker. Keep going!"
     Ann looked at him incredulously as it finally dawned on her what 
he had in mind. He couldn't possibly expect her to have sex with him! 
Last week was a mistake and she certainly wasn't about to make the same 
one twice, especially since he was blackmailing her.
     Sam saw what she was thinking about by the  look  in  her  eyes.
Still standing in front of her, he slowly and deliberately undid his 
pants.
     "If you're afraid of someone barging in, I'll settle for a  blow
job!"
     "WHAT! YOU'RE CRAZY! NO WAY!"
     "Don't piss me off  or  I  swear  you'll  see  copies  of  those
pictures plastered on every bulletin board in this office before the day 
is over. Now, open your mouth and start sucking my cock!"
     Ann could only sit speechless in her chair as Sam stepped closer 
with his huge dick flopping around inches from her face.
     "It won't be as bad as you think. Hell, I bet you'll even  enjoy
it. You did last week. To show you I'm not such a bad guy after all, 
I'll even give you an incentive. Every time you do what I tell you to 
do, you'll get one of the original polaroids and all the copies I made. 
Hell, I'll even let you pick which one you want."
     "WAIT A MINUTE! There's got to  be  over  a  dozen  pictures  in
there!"
     "Only nine. I gave you the first three last Thursday, remember?"
     "You want me to have sex with you nine times!"
     "Only eight, if you blow me right now."
     "How will I know you gave me all the copies? How do I  know  you
don't have more? How do I know you're not lying?
     "You don't!" Sam said flatly to emphasize she had no say in  the
matter.
     It was Thursday all over again. Ann couldn't  bring  herself  to
suck him off, but she couldn't refuse either. The pictures he had would 
destroy everything she worked for since graduating from college. She 
closed her eyes, wishing she were somewhere else. When she opened them 
again, Sam's cock was closer to her face. She saw it twitch and wanted 
to turn away, but he already grabbed her head and was holding still.
     Sam looked down and gradually pulled  her  to  his  crotch.  Her
hair, rubbing against his dick, felt soft and cool. He moved his hips 
side to side and watched as his dick combed through her blonde curls 
while her forehead was scraped by the lowest part of his zipper. He then 
began pumping his hips and saw his ebony cock bury itself in her golden 
mane, growing harder and longer with each stroke. Sam easily straddled 
her chair and pinned Ann against the back cushion.
     "Time to play slut. That's what I'm going to say  from  now  on.
When you hear me call you a slut, that means you do what I tell you to 
do and you don't stop until I say so! No questions and no bitching! Just 
do it!"
     Ann meekly shook her head in agreement, but didn't say anything.
     "When I ask you a question slut, you better answer me. What's it 
going to be?" Sam asked to make sure she was listening.
     "Okay. I won't argue." Ann replied.
     "Not good enough! I want to hear you say you'll be a slut when I 
tell you to be one."
     Ann resigned to give him what he wanted to get the pictures. She 
had no other choice. Whatever he wanted her to do, she would have to do 
it. For the moment, all he wanted was a blow job. All she had to worry 
about was not making him mad. After he left, she could try and figure 
out a way of getting the pictures from him, but not right now.
     "I'll be your slut. Whatever you want, I'll do it  and  I  won't
argue with you." Ann told him.
     "That's more like it. Now open  your  mouth  and  suck  my  cock
slut!"
     Sam bent his knees and shoved his still growing  dick  at  Ann's
face. When it touched her lips, she opened  her  mouth.  She  was
cooperating better than he expected. The bonus of having his contract 
doubled was a welcome surprise also. He'd have to make sure she didn't 
change that.
     When Ann felt his prick touch her lips, she didn't stop it  from
entering her mouth. Instead, she opened her mouth as best she could and 
allowed him to push it in. He was forcing her to do it, but he couldn't 
force her to enjoy it like Ann did last Thursday.
     Sam noticed the way she was obediently  allowing  him  fuck  her
mouth. This was fine, but it wasn't great. He wanted her to act like she 
did last week. It didn't matter though. His cock was so huge, that the 
friction alone would get him off. Sam started to fuck her face, making 
the chair rock with each thrust, and soon her lips were sliding back and 
forth over his dick. In a short while, the conference room filled with 
the sounds of the attractive blonde's mouth wetly and noisily being 
fucked by Sam's cock. The slurping and smacking noise of Ann's lips 
mingled with the creaking clamor made by the springs in her chair as Sam 
relentlessly plunged his gigantic cock in and out of her mouth.
     "If my dick pops out one more time, you won't  get  any  of  the
pictures. You better start sucking it like you did the other night 
slut!" Sam shouted.
     He was telling Ann she had to eagerly blow him, not just  permit
him the use of her mouth. After his warning, she clamped her lips around 
his shaft and tried to keep it in her mouth, even though he wouldn't 
move his legs when she attempted to bring her hands up and hold his dick 
in place. When Sam felt the added pressure of her lips around his dick, 
he began to fuck her mouth more rapidly. Her head was driven against the 
chair and her mouth slid farther down his cock every time he thrust at 
her. All Ann could see was the blurry twinkle of his zipper as his cock 
swiftly penetrated and withdrew from between her lips. She was getting a 
headache from the pounding he gave her, but she wasn't about to loosen 
her lips. When the spongy head of his cock bumped against her tonsils, 
she heard Sam grunt loudly. He did this several times and sounded like 
he was enjoying the discomfort it caused Ann. When he finally did force 
his prick beyond her tonsils, she started choking.
     Sam stopped moving when his cock fucked into  Ann's  throat.  He
couldn't believe how tight and warm she was. This was just as good as 
fucking her cunt, and that was damn good. Sam was real glad he decided 
to use the pictures against her. When he first thought of it, he wasn't 
sure if he could do it. Now, he was absolutely sure he could. Ann was 
born to be a slut, she just didn't realize it yet. By the time he was 
done with her though, she'd know it and she would never be the same.
     Because Sam's cock was 11 inches long, there was still plenty of 
his dark shaft protruding from Ann's mouth. Staring at her contorted 
face from above with a satisfied grin, he kept her head pinned against 
the chair with one hand and masturbated the base of his dick with the 
other.
     "Yeah! In your fucking throat! You hear that! My cock is in your 
throat! GET READY! HERE IT COMES! SWALLOW IT! SWALLOW ALL MY CUM! SUCK 
MY COCK YOU FUCKING SLUT!" Sam howled and came.
     Ann was frantically gasping for air. She was gagging,  wiggling,
kicking and squirming in the chair beneath him. When his cum did start 
shooting, her convulsions got more violent as her stomach tried to vomit 
the sperm he was forcing her to drink.
     After he finished coming, Sam deliberately took his time pulling 
his cock out of her throat and mouth. Finally able to breath, Ann 
inhaled and exhaled deeply. Stepping back and placing his dick back in 
his pants, Sam noticed a small trail of cum dripping down the side of 
her mouth. Ann was beginning to get her color back, but it was still 
difficult for her to swallow. Her throat was irritated from being 
enlarged by his dick, but at least her stomach had stopped wrenching.
     "Not bad. You were better last week though. Straighten  yourself
out. We're going to your office to discuss a couple of other things."
     Ann didn't argue with him. After wiping  her  mouth  and  making
herself presentable, she picked up everything from the conference room 
table and followed Sam out the door. Relieved to see that it was noon 
and everyone was at lunch, Ann marched into her office, Sam closing the 
door behind her. She sat down at her desk and waited for Sam to speak 
his peace.
     "See, that wasn't so bad. Now you get  one  picture.  Which  one
will it be?"
     Ann couldn't  answer  him.  She  didn't  want  to  look  at  the
photographs, but knew she better.
     "Don't worry. Take your time and  look  them  over.  I'm  in  no
hurry. By the way, that envelope is your's to keep. Call it a memento if 
you want. You know, you're real sexy when you dress up. Ever do any 
modeling? I'll bet you could be good at it. Maybe not as good as you're 
doing here, but all the same, it's nice to have something to fall back 
on in case the unexpected comes up." Sam said sarcastically.
     While he was talking, Sam idly walked around her office, looking 
at all her diplomas and certificates hanging on the walls. He then 
opened her closet and saw the familiar flight bag. Pulling it out and 
setting it down on the couch, he examined the clothes inside. They were 
the same outfits he saw last week.
     Ann was too busy and mortified flipping through the pictures  to
pay any attention to what Sam was talking about or doing. All the photos 
were of her and Sam in very lewd sexual positions in the middle of her 
office. There would be no doubt in anyone's mind who saw these that it 
was Ann. Her face was plainly visible in each snapshot. The  most
damaging aspect of every one of them was that you could see she clearly 
enjoyed what the two of them were doing. It was impossible for her to 
determine which picture was the more incriminating. All of them were. 
She was going to try and appeal to him to change his mind when she 
noticed he had the flight bag out and was rummaging through all her 
clothes.
     "I know some women that would  kill  for  these  things.  Decide
which picture you want?"
     "Listen, I..." Ann stuttered, lost for words
     "Can't pick? I had a hard time too. They all look good. I didn't 
think you would be able to make up your mind, so I took the liberty of 
bringing one. Here!" Sam said and threw a large envelope from his suit 
jacket on her desk.
     Inside,  were  seven  thinner  envelopes.  Five  of  them   were
addressed, one to every member on the Board of Directors, and two 
envelopes had no writing. All of them had an index card stapled on top 
of a picture. Each picture was the same and every card had the same 
typed note. It read; 
      Ann Sutter
      29 year old Single Female
      Blonde Hair, Green Eyes, 5' 5", 105 lbs. I am a business  woman
during the day and a slut at night. My cunt gets wet just thinking about 
going to adult bookstores or XXX theaters and fucking as many people as 
I can find. I love double or triple fucking. I love surprise gang bangs 
the most. I love being held down or tied up as group of men or women 
violently fuck every hole I have till I pass out. I love being ordered 
to kneel in front of a group of people and forced to suck the cum out of 
any cock or cunt that is shoved in my mouth. I always wear nylons, 
garter belt, and sexy high heels when I go out. All my skirts and 
dresses are short. My tits are firm and easily excitable. I have long 
slender legs and a very slim waist. My warm blonde cunt, small tight 
ass, and wet hungry mouth are always available after work. I don't care 
about age, color, or size. I AM NOT LOOKING FOR MONEY! I am looking for 
anyone who seriously wants to use me. I AM A SLUT! (Address and phone 
are on the back of the picture.) 
     Ann quickly turned the  picture  over.  Her  name,  the  company
address and phone number, even her extension, were hand written on the 
back. It was now imperative for Ann get every copy Sam made of these. 
She could not allow him to keep a single one.
     Though she knew the note was totally  preposterous  and  a  bold
face lie, the picture below it would prove otherwise to anybody else. It 
showed that she was not only able, but also that Ann was very willing to 
do precisely everything the sensational note said. There was no evidence 
of her being forced or threatened to perform what she was doing in the 
picture. In fact, of the two people in the photograph, Ann was the only 
one who was vigorously doing anything. Even her own eyes could not deny 
seeing the expression of absolute sexual pleasure that was on her face 
when the camera took the snapshot.
     In the polaroid, Ann was kneeling over Sam. His face  could  not
be seen, but her's was. She was wearing a garter belt, nylon stockings, 
and high heels, just like the note said she always dressed. Nothing else 
obstructed the view of her lean and attractive body. Ann was aiming 
Sam's gigantic cock right at her face as she fucked her pussy on the 
toes of his feet. The excited nipples of both her breasts were poking 
against the middle of his thighs while she expanded her mouth to form a 
large circle directly above his dick. Her beautiful face was splattered 
with fresh blotches of cum. A large stream of it was overflowing from 
her filled mouth. There was one thick strand  of  sperm  vulgarly
stretching from her tongue and Sam's dick. Both her hands and his cock 
were covered with the gooey cum, but she still held the base firmly.
     "I made seven copies of all nine pictures. One is for  you,  one
for your boyfriend, five are for the board members, plus the original 
polaroid. I'll mail the other eight if you give me any shit! When I say 
suck my cock, you better get on your knees and do it! You understand? 
You even hesitate and it's your ass! You got it?"
     "Please! I'll do what you want." she begged.
     "You better! You got any more clothes like these?"
     "No."
     "Every time we meet, I want you in a different outfit with  lots
of leg and tit showing. You'll be getting a list of special things I 
want you to pick up too. I don't care where you get them, but you better 
have them when I call."
     "When will that be?"
     "I don't know, but you'll only have one hour to get dressed  and
meet me when I do."
     "What if I'm out of the office?"
     "That's your problem, not mine. If you have to go out  of  town,
you better let me know ahead of time. By the way, what's your home phone 
number?"
     "I won't let you call me at home! NO! Not at home!"
     Sam got off the couch and slowly stepped up to  her  desk.  Ann,
imagining he was going to beat her up or something like that, leaped out 
of her chair and ran to the opposite side of the desk he was standing 
at. Sam reached down and grabbed all the envelopes he had just given 
her.
     "You're back up to nine visits!  Unless  you  want  me  to  mail
these, you better give me your home phone number. It's your last fucking 
warning."
     Ann rattled off her number.
     "If you ever, and I mean EVER, say  no  again,  I'll  personally
deliver these and tell everybody that you asked me to talk them into 
fucking you just like I did! Do you understand?"
     "Please don't! I do anything! Please!" Ann apologized.
     "Here," Sam said, grabbing his contract, "I'll drop this off  on
your secretary's desk. Remember, you say no to me again and I'll be the 
least of your worries. See you around slut." Sam said and left.
     For the balance of the afternoon, Ann was a nervous  wreck.  She
had seriously misjudged the man who discovered her last Thursday and was 
going to suffer for that mistake. She discretely inquired about him, 
trying to find out if he was honest in business affairs. The responses 
she got were vague or of no help. Not many of the people she talked to 
even knew who Sam was. By the time 5 o'clock came, Ann was more than 
prepared to go home.
     Entering her apartment, she heard the phone  ringing.  Sam,  her
boyfriend was calling. They chatted pleasantly for a few minutes, each 
disregarding their fight over the weekend, and made arrangements to meet 
for dinner on Wednesday. Ann asked if it was possible for him to come 
over tonight, but he was tied up with work. After they said goodbye, she 
was locking her front door when the phone rang again. She heard the 
caller say "It's Sam", and her response was to ask if he could come over 
right away.
     "If you really want me to, I will."
     "What do you want?" Ann  asked  harshly  when  she  realized  it
wasn't her boyfriend at the other end of the phone.
     "I know you don't like me or like what I'm doing, but who  gives
a flying fuck? I don't! But, you better quit talking to me in that tone 
of voice. Right now, I'm the last person on earth you want to piss off. 
I was only checking to make sure you gave me the right phone number and 
not some phony one."
     "How long is this going to go on?"
     "Well, you owe me nine visits. I figure..."
     "No, I mean when will the last call be?" Ann  asked,  trying  to
keep her voice calm.
     "If you're that anxious, let's meet day after tomorrow."
     "No, I can't make it. I..." Sam cut her off.
     "Did you say no?" Sam asked, then suddenly hung up the phone.
     When the line went dead, it was as though someone had shot  her.
Ann wanted to cry out. She could imagine Sam on his way to the nearest 
mail box. By the end of the week, she'd be fired, loose her boyfriend, 
and be totally disgraced. If he mailed the pictures tonight, they'd 
probably be delivered by Wednesday. The Board members would talk among 
themselves Thursday and on Friday, her life would come crashing down 
around her.
     Ann knew the process all too well. Nobody  was  ever  discharged
except on Friday now a days. After packing their personal things, the 
former employee had no reason to come back the following week. On 
Monday, all the gossip and stories would start to circulate about them. 
Some of it was true, but most of it was lies. The slight ring of truth 
would have everyone believing the rumors. It is a prevailing business 
practice for layoffs, but in the past, it was used as an appalling 
scheme to ruin the individual reputation of someone unfairly fired 
merely to justify managements conduct. Ann imagined the same thing would 
happen to her and there was nothing she could do about it. A week from 
now, everyone at work would think she was nothing but a cock starved 
slut willing to spread her legs for anyone who wanted to fuck her.
     Ann's boyfriend might call  after  he  got  the  pictures.  Then
again, he might not. She preferred he come over so she could explain 
everything to him face to face, but she just didn't know how he'd handle 
seeing her in all those pictures making passionate love to a black man. 
She was certain that he'd terminate their relationship, but she at least 
wanted the opportunity to tell him the truth of what occurred and why he 
got the pictures in the first place. She decided to call him at the 
office now, before he got the pictures, and reached for the phone.
     Almost jumping out of her  skin  when  the  phone  rang  as  she
touched it, Ann was hoping it was her blackmailer,  and  not  her
boyfriend.
     "You change your mind yet, or do I pay a visit  to  some  people
you know?" Sam said.
     "Please! I'll do whatever you want! Honest!  Anything  at  all!"
Ann answered quickly.
     "I'll call Wednesday and have the stuff from the list I sent!"
     Ann flopped down in the chair  next  to  the  phone.  There  was
nothing she could do, she had to meet Sam whenever and wherever he 
wanted. She also had to come up with an excuse to break her dinner date 
with her boyfriend. He would ask all sorts of questions and she didn't 
want to think about that right now. She'd rather have him angry at her 
for breaking a date than seeing him go crazy because of those pictures. 
Relieved that Sam did call back and give her another chance, Ann poured 
herself an unusually potent drink to calm down. Even though she rarely 
drank, she needed something to help her relax. This whole predicament 
was causing her to come apart at the seams. After gulping down three 
tall glasses of straight whiskey, she was more dizzy than calm. She had 
to get her mind off of her situation. Ann noticed her mail laying by the 
front door and decided to go through it. Even thinking about bills or 
reading junk mail would be better than sitting there tormenting herself.
     Her mail did contained some bills  and  a  letter.  Opening  the
letter, she knew right away it was from her blackmailer. Sam was so sure 
of himself, that he mailed it last Friday. This emphasized how naive Ann 
truly was and it frightened her more. The letter was a single page with 
a list. It was the list of items Sam wanted her to get. 
      Dresses or Skirts (10, sexy and show a lot of leg & tit)
      High Heels (10, 4" heels)
      Stockings (any color) NO PANTYHOSE!!!
      Garter Belts (10, the sexy kind)
      Handcuffs (2 wrist & 2 ankle)
      Rope (10' long, 1/2" thick)
      Dog Collar
      Dildo (2, 10" long vibrating kind if they have it)
      Vibrating Egg (battery operated & remote control)
      K-Y Jelly (2 tubes) 
     She put the list down. The clothes were no problem. Dressing  up
like she did last week, made her feel seductive and also brought back 
delightful memories of when she would dress up as a little girl. Ann was 
really horrified about the other things on the list though. She then 
realized she wouldn't have much time to go shopping if she was suppose 
to have everything by Wednesday. Looking at her watch, she saw that it 
was 7 o'clock. She'd have to go to a clothing store, shoe shop, and pet 
store. Ann knew she'd also have to go to a sex shop, and cringed. 
Downing a fourth glass of whiskey and grabbing her keys, Ann left her 
apartment and drove to the nearest shopping mall.
     Once inside, Ann located the directory and looked for a pet shop 
and shoe store. Finding both, she quickly walked to the pet shop. She 
asked the clerk behind the counter for a dog collar. The clerk showed 
her that all those items were hanging on the wall on the other side of 
the store. Never owning a pet in her life, Ann was astonished at the 
selections available. If Sam intended her to wear one of these, she 
would pick the most unobtrusive one she could find. Checking them over, 
she found one she liked best. It was thin and black, almost like an 
elegant choker, with a silver name plate opposite the buckle. It didn't 
look like a dog collar at first glance and that's why she bought it.
     Ann then went to several shoe stores before finding one that had 
a large choice of high heels. The only man in the store waited on her 
diligently, measuring her foot and getting all the styles and colors he 
had to offer. He sat on the stool in front of her and slipped on every 
pair as though her feet were made of glass. She thought the guy was 
insane until she saw his bulging pants and a little wet spot near his 
zipper. With a devilish grin and feeling the effects of the whiskey, Ann 
held her leg out to him and asked what he thought of the red pair of 
heels she had on.
     The clerk was trying to avoid her eyes, but not her  legs.  With
Ann's foot almost in his face, he was able to see clear up her skirt. He 
asked her to switch so he could check the other foot. When she held it 
up, he looked like he was checking the fit of the straps that went 
around her ankles.
     Ann thought she was depraved for teasing the man, but it excited 
her to know that his dick was growing rigid from just touching and 
looking at her legs. Pretending that the shoes didn't feel right, she 
asked him to check the instep of each foot and parted her slender legs. 
The clerk sighed and placed his hands on her foot. Not once did he look 
at her instep. His gaze went between her thighs. Ann got more risque and 
opened her legs slightly further. She noticed the wet spot in the man's 
pants was getting larger and the bulge was getting bigger.
     Thinking about what she was doing, and before  she  got  herself
into more trouble, Ann said that she had to get going and told the clerk 
she'd take 9 pairs of high heels. Two pairs of black, and one pair of 
white, blue, red, brown, gold, silver and a multi-color pair. The man 
offered to carry the shoes out to her car for her, but she politely 
declined his help.
     While slowly walking to her car  because  of  the  whiskey,  Ann
thought of Sam's list and speculated how mad he would be if she didn't 
have all the things when they met.
     "After all, you didn't give me much time.", she said  out  loud.
"He'll understand, won't he?" Then, she recalled one of his comments, 
"That's your problem, not mine!", it echoed through her brain. "No, 
he'll be furious." Ann said drunkenly to herself. "We already fucked 
once and I sucked you off twice, not to mention I wrote up a  new
contract. You have nothing to loose, while my ass is still on the line. 
I guess I only have one day to get the rest of the stuff."
     Buying the clothes would take some  time.  She  couldn't  do  it
during lunch. She had an appointment tomorrow she had to keep. She'd 
have to buy them tomorrow night. But, when could she get the other 
things. It would be either after the clothes tomorrow or right now. 
Normally, Ann took pride in the fact that she never procrastinated. She 
considered hard and long about doing it now. She knew the only place to 
buy the other items on the list was at a sex shop and she didn't want to 
go to one in her condition. Thinking again about what Sam could do to 
her with those pictures, Ann decided it was best to get it over with.
     Driving cautiously out of  the  mall  parking  lot,  she  headed
toward the part of town where she knew the sex shops were located. 
Always feeling uneasy about just looking at them, Ann never thought 
she'd have the nerve to walk into one so she drove around until she 
spotted a store that looked empty. Then, being too embarrassed and drunk 
to park her car in front, she drove around to the back hoping to get in 
that way. There was a small lot, well lit by flood lights, and Ann felt 
semi-safe since there were no other cars around. After taking a deep 
breath for courage, she got out of her car, locked it, and walked to the 
back entrance of the adult bookstore/sex shop.
     Stepping through and  closing  the  door  behind  her,  Ann  was
suddenly surrounded by darkness. She couldn't see anything, but she did 
hear the voice of a women of wailing noisily. Trying to get her bearings 
and feeling more dizzy, Ann walked toward the only light she could 
distinguish and stumbled into another door. Thinking this was the way to 
the front of the store, she pushed and opened it.
     Ann gasped and stood still with a dumfounded look on  her  face.
There was a man was masturbating inside of the small cubicle she just 
opened and she had hit his arm with the door knob. His rigid dick was 
sticking straight out of his pants and pointed at her when he turned 
around to see who barged in on him. He also had a dumfounded look on his 
face, but didn't try to hide himself. Both of them stayed this way for a 
few seconds, Ann gazing wide eyed at his dick while he looked her body 
over. The man then reached out and pulled Ann into the booth, closing 
the door behind her. She couldn't take her eyes off his dick and let him 
to tug her closer.
     "You like it? Here, rub it a little." he said then took her hand 
and wrapped it around his cock.
     When she didn't remove her hand, the man  started  to  lift  her
skirt. Ann was too astonished to say or do anything. She just stood 
there with his cock in her hand and kept gawking at it. She saw his 
hands pull her skirt up, but she didn't move. The man didn't believe his 
luck. An attractive blonde walked in on him and was now gripping his 
dick. He had dreamed about this, but never thought it would actually 
happen. He wasn't going to spoil the opportunity with small talk so he 
started doing everything she'd permit him to do.
     He located the button and zipper to her skirt, un-did them,  and
let it fall to the floor. She still didn't say anything. He saw that she 
wasn't wearing anything under her skirt but pantyhose and grinned at 
her. Then, placing one hand on her ass, he put his other one between her 
thighs and began stroking her pussy. Ann knew she should have done 
something, but didn't. The man's hand rubbed her for a while as they 
stared into each other's eyes and then she heard him rip a whole in her 
pantyhose. When his fingers made direct contact with her damp pussy, her 
hand gripped more firmly around his dick and her lips opened in a sigh. 
Taking this as a gesture from her that it was okay to keep on going, he 
turned her around to face the wall.
     "Spread your legs and bend over a little so I can fuck you." the 
man whispered into her ear and pushed her feet apart.
     The next thing Ann felt was his dick slithering it's way between 
her silky legs and pushing against her vulnerable and exposed pussy. Her 
mind told her to move, it told her to cry out at him, it told her to do 
many things, but her body disregarded it all. She felt his hands tightly 
grip her hips and then his cock suddenly pierce into her pussy. She 
moaned loudly and bit her lower lip. Holding still for a moment, the man 
behind her then began fucking her savagely, as though he hadn't had sex 
in years. Each vigorous stab of his cock brought another loud moan from 
Ann. Her pussy was so surprisingly sopping wet in such a short period of 
time that he was fucking her with the full length of his cock by the 
third plunge. Her loud moans and his grunting mixed with the sounds 
being made by the video on the screen above her head.
     Ann was so excited by this anonymous  fuck  that  she  began  to
respond almost as quickly as the man behind her. She thrust and wiggled 
her ass at him, matching the force that he used to fuck her. When his 
hands left her hips and went under her blouse to pinch her sensitive 
nipples through the lacy bra she had on, Ann let out a louder moan. She 
could feel his testicles bouncing against the inside of her upper 
thighs, and every once in a while hit her clit, as they continued to 
fuck each other at a frenzied pace. The noise his body made, colliding 
incessantly against her firm and nylon covered rear, was resounding off 
the wood panel walls of the small booth and sounded like someone was 
clapping. Abruptly, Ann could feel his dick expand and discharge. It 
throbbed a couple of times more and he grunted as he squirted his cum 
into her. His sperm sent a warm feeling throughout her body as she 
gripped his dick with her pussy, trying to keep him inside her, and was 
about to climax herself.
     "Don't move. Stay just like that." the man said and  pulled  out
of her.
     Ann didn't know they weren't alone. The man's  friend  was  also
there. He saw her go into his buddy's booth and quietly stood by and 
watched the two of them fuck. When the first man finished with her, he 
stepped aside and let his friend take over.
     "You want to fuck some more?" the new man asked.
     In her excited and drunken state, she  eagerly  shook  her  head
yes. She was very close to orgasm when the man behind her stopped and 
she wanted to keep fucking if he was able to. Ann had no idea it was a 
different man that was going to fuck her.
     "Reach down and put my cock in your pussy." the new man said.
     Ann fumbled between her legs and found his  dick.  Grabbing  it,
she pulled him up to her pussy and thrust back at him.
     "I'm going to stand still and let you fuck  me."  the  man  told
her.
     Ann began fucking herself back at him, his  cock  going  farther
into her pussy this time. She didn't remember his dick being so fat, but 
it didn't stop her from enjoying it. She kept fucking him, getting 
closer to the orgasm she wanted so badly. Forgetting where she was, Ann 
started to cry out.
     "PLEASE, don't just stand there! FUCK! Fuck my cunt! HURRY! Fuck 
me! I'm almost there! Please! FUCK ME!" she yelled.
     The new man began pumping violently into her. The  loudest  moan
yet came from Ann's throat and she clasped her pussy tighter around his 
cock. The two of them fucked like untamed animals while the first man 
watched. Ann's initial climax sent her body into a spasm and was quickly 
followed by another. She wildly shook her head and screamed at the man 
to fill her pussy with his cum and fuck her faster. The second man did 
as she reached her third straight orgasm and cried out about how much 
she loved his cock.
     After pulling his dick out of her and stepping  back,  both  men
looked at Ann. They decided that before she came back to her senses, 
they should leave. They zipped up and walked out, leaving the booth door 
wide open.
     Gaining some of her composure and returning to semi-normal,  Ann
turned around to look at the stranger who had just admirably fucked her 
twice.
     "OH GOD!" she screeched when she saw that she was alone  in  the
booth and the door was open with different man glaring at her from 
outside.
     She quickly pulled her  skirt  down.  Totally  embarrassed,  Ann
didn't know what to do. Swiftly composing herself, she picked up her 
purse and looked at the man. In a business like manner, she shrugged off 
the event like it never happened and asked if he could point the way to 
the front of the store. She saw his eyes gazing at her legs and felt 
further embarrassed. The two loads of cum were running out of her pussy 
and pouring down the inside of her thighs. Any moment now, the sperm 
would rush past her knees to her ankles.
     "Fuck me first, then I'll show you how to get up front." the man 
said.
     "I need to get some things. Okay? When I'm done."  Ann  lied  as
fast as she could.
     The man said he'd be waiting when she was ready and  showed  her
to the front, staying by the booth area as she walked up the isles of 
magazines to the counter. The kid behind the counter saw her come out 
from the back and was surprised. Besides being pretty, she was alone. He 
fell all over himself trying to wait on her.
     "Can I help you with anything?" he asked her.
      Ann swallowed her pride and suffered the  humiliation  she  was
going through. She grabbed Sam's list from her purse and read it to the 
clerk.
     "Hey, slow down lady! How many handcuffs you want?" he asked.
     "Four pair. Two wrist and two ankle."
     "Like to get kinky eh? I like that because I do  too."  he  said
and got her the cuffs.
     "Now, What kind of egg are you looking for?  We  got  big  ones,
small ones, plastic ones, and metal ones." he asked.
     "The ones with batteries and a remote control."
     "Metal or plastic?"
     "I don't care."
     "Here's a nice set of metal ones. They're real easy to clean off 
when you're done using them. Now, what kind of dildos you want? We got a 
big selection." he said.
     "The two largest and, if they vibrate, that  would  be  better."
Ann replied without thinking of what she just said.
     The clerk walked over to the next counter  and  pulled  out  the
largest one in there. It was 36 inches high and shaped like a man's fist 
and forearm. He dropped it on the counter in front of her.
     "Think you can fuck this?" he chuckled.
     Ann nearly fainted at the sight of  the  thing  he  was  talking
about.
     "My God! Not that! Don't you  have  something  smaller,  say  10
inches?"
     "Damn lady! If you can fuck 10 inches, how about stepping in the 
office? I'm sure between me and couple of those guys, we can give you 10 
inches of real cock, not this rubber shit!" the clerk said blatantly so 
everyone could hear.
     Ann got furious. Even in her drunken state,  she  knew  Sam  was
blackmailing her and she had to put up with that, but she didn't have to 
stand there and be humiliated by a pimple-faced college kid.
     "Listen asshole! You weren't hired to insult  me  so  shut  your
filthy mouth and just tell me if you have what I asked for." she yelled 
at him.
     With a renewed self confidence, she asked  if  he  had  any  K-Y
Jelly. He pointed out a box at the other end of the counter without 
saying a word and went to get the dildos she wanted.
     Ann grabbed two tubes and walked  back  to  the  cash  register,
putting them on the counter and looked at the dildos he put there. They 
both looked like the real thing, mushroom head, veins, and all.
     "These are 12 inches, but the black one vibrates. That okay? All 
we have is a brown and black. We're suppose to get some more tomorrow if 
you don't like these." the clerk politely said.
     "I guess they're okay. What do I owe you?"
     While he checked the prices, she looked to see if the other  men
were looking at her. All of them were gone.
     "The total is $120.95 Will that be cash or charge?" he asked.
     "Charge." she said and got her card out.
     "I'll need to see your drivers license and a home  phone  number
too please."
     "Here's my drivers license and by law, I'm not required to  give
you my phone number. You can verify my credit without it." she told him.
     The clerk took her credit card and license over to the phone and 
called in for an approval, not arguing with her about the phone number. 
He also wrote her name and address on a separate piece of paper while he 
was on the telephone.
     After he verified her purchase amount and bagged everything, Ann 
left the same way she came in. This time, she stayed away from any doors 
that had red lights on above them. Just as she put the key in her car 
door, she felt a hand on her shoulder and heard a man's voice speaking 
to her.
     "Thought you'd sneak out on me uh?"
     Ann turned and saw he was not alone. There were three other  men
behind him. She started talking as fast as she could as they all closed 
in on her.
     "Listen, I'm not here for myself. I came here for  a  girlfriend
of mine. I was only doing her a favor, really! You can call her if you 
want! Please, leave me alone." she pleaded.
     "Does your girlfriend always ask  you  to  fuck  strangers?"  he
asked her.
     The men formed a circle around her car door, trapping Ann in the 
middle. The look of lust in their eyes told her she had better hurry if 
she wanted to get away from these men.
     "Honest, I was buying this stuff as a  wedding  present  for  my
girlfriend! You know, as a joke!" she said nervously trying to unlock 
her car door.
     One of them snatched the paper bag from her hands and pulled out 
a dildo.
     "If your friend's getting married, why does she need this?"
     "No! I told you. These are a joke! That's all! She kids  me  all
the time so I thought I'd kid her back." Ann replied still trying to 
open her car.
     The men weren't buying any of her story.
     "I suppose you fucked me and my buddy as a joke on your friend."
     Ann turned a bright red and started trembling as she  recognized
the man as the one who pulled her into the booth when she first walked 
in. The man standing in front of her then shoved her against the car 
door and pushed his hand up her skirt, driving it between her thighs and 
ramming a finger in her pussy.
     "Well young lady, you want to fuck out here or in your car?"
     Ann didn't believe what was going on. Not just with  these  men,
but with everything that had been happening to her since last Thursday. 
She was beginning to think that somebody or something was causing all 
this trouble. But, she was bound and determined to work out each problem 
as they came along. Like her business decisions, she would examine the 
situation and facts, and then take the appropriate action.
     She was too late. While she was thinking about her problems, the 
men had laid her out on the ground of the brightly lit parking lot. They 
had even ripped opened her blouse, bra, and skirt without her realizing 
it. Her legs were being lifted high and held apart by two of the men, as 
another held her hands above her head and covered her mouth. A fourth 
man dropped his pants and knelt down between her spread legs. He put his 
hands on her tits, pressing all his weight on them, then plunged his 
cock into her vagina. As the man proceed to savagely fuck her, the 
others cheered him on.
     She was more embarrassed than she had ever been in her life. She 
didn't feel that she was being humiliated or degraded, but she felt 
embarrassed. Ann was actually getting turned on by what the men were 
doing to her. She was enjoying the way they held her so she couldn't 
move. She liked hearing their remarks about her body. She loved how 
violently the man was penetrating and stretching her pussy with his 
cock. Shamelessly, Ann didn't try to cry out for help or fight them off. 
She even anxiously waited for them to fuck her in ways she was never 
fucked before.
     After the first man quickly came inside her, he  unceremoniously
got up, let one of the other men get between her legs, and walked away. 
By now, the other men saw they didn't need to hold her anymore. She kept 
her own legs apart and hands above her head while the second man fucked 
her. When he also quickly came, he did the same thing, but first he 
wiped his slimy cock off on her legs and then walked away. The third man 
told her to get on her hands and knees, then he fucked her from behind, 
squeezing and twisting her tits the whole time. When he came and pulled 
out, Ann immediately rolled over on her back and lewdly opened her legs 
again. Her pussy was swollen to twice its normal size and matted with 
cum. Standing above her and looking down, the last man had different 
ideas.
     "I'm not sticking my dick in that mess. Suck my cock you fucking 
slut!" he yelled.
     His words and the tone of voice  he  used  made  something  snap
inside her. Ann's whole body acted as though it were on auto-pilot and 
she suddenly had a deep desire to suck the man's dick.
     She scrambled up to kneel in front of him. Without  being  told,
she opened his pants and pulled them down. Ann then leaned forward and 
sucked his already hard cock into her mouth, groaning as her lips 
encompassed it. Her tongue swirled and licked around the spongy head as 
she began propelling her head back and forth. Something told her she had 
to improve. She sucked firmer on the cock and gradually took more of it 
into her mouth until it was pressing against her tonsils. Letting it 
rest there, she licked the shaft and clamped her lips snugger around it. 
Ann then felt a pair of hands at the back of her head. Once again, 
something told her to try harder.
     Inhaling deeply through her nose, she let the man's  hands  drag
her face forward, the cock deliberately shoving its way past  her
tonsils. Ann was pleasantly surprised that she didn't gag. She could 
feel the cock reaching and sliding further down her throat. The hands 
and cock didn't stop their onslaught until her nose pressed against 
something soft and wiry. Opening her eyes and focusing, she saw only 
curly pubic hairs. She raised her tongue and felt the throbbing vein at 
the bottom of the dick in her mouth. Ann suddenly realized she had 
deepthroat her first cock. The novelty and excitement of being able to 
this filled her with pride. When the man's hands released her head, she 
shook it and buffed her nose into the crotch of the man she was sucking. 
Feeling the need for more air, Ann slowly backed away until the cock 
head was only in her mouth. When she was set, her face came forward and 
the dick penetrated her throat again. She kept doing this until she was 
able to breath without a problem and then did it quicker, all the time 
using her tongue to lick the underside of the cock as it pulled out. Ann 
then started to moan like crazy over her new found skill. Suddenly and 
vice-like, hands held her head in place and the cock went racing into 
her throat. It throbbed and then she felt the discharge of cum in her 
throat as the man came.
     This triggered a different auto-pilot. Her  hands  automatically
went between her legs. While the fingers of her right hand rubbed firmly 
against her clitoris, she shoved two fingers of her left hand into her 
pussy. Ann was having one explosive orgasm after another drinking the 
cum from the cock in her throat and frantically finger-fucking herself.
     When the man finished coming, he pulled  his  dick  out  of  her
mouth, wiped it dry with her curly blonde hair and zipped up. He then 
noticed that her mouth was still open and that she was stroking and 
fucking herself with her fingers. He looked around and spotted the paper 
bag on the ground by her car. Grabbing both the dildos and a pair of 
cuffs from it, he first handcuffed Ann's wrists in front of her. She 
didn't skip a beat and was rattling the chains on the cuffs as she 
continued to fuck herself with her fingers. Next, he positioned the 
brown dildo between her lips and slowly pushed it in her mouth until he 
saw her neck swell up. With closed eyes, Ann eagerly sucked on it like 
it was a real cock. The man then pushed her so she was on her hands and 
knees and he made her hold the dildo in her mouth. Walking around behind 
her, he then spread her pussy open and shoved the black dildo into her 
as far as he could. Ann immediately started to fuck the new dildo. He 
then noticed a switch at the base.
     "Have fun slut." the last man said  and  walked  away,  but  not
before he turned on the dildo buried deeply in her.
     Ann suddenly became a lewd quivering mass  of  flesh,  thrashing
about on the ground. The black dildo was obscenely protruding from her 
vagina through the tare in her pantyhose. She was gyrating her ass 
wildly as the oscillating cock worked its magic inside her pussy. Her 
handcuffed hands were tightly holding the brown dildo to the asphalt 
while she rapidly bobbed her head up and down, sucking and deepthroat 
this fake cock. In the center of the flood lights behind the adult 
bookstore, the young and attractive Ann remained on the ground in the 
vacant parking lot for a long time. Oblivious to her surroundings and 
not caring what she looked like, Ann came so many times that she lost 
track, then came over and over again until her body and mind couldn't 
take the stimulation any longer.
     Ann's drive home was difficult. Her heavy sobbing  had  stopped,
but she kept wiping at her eyes. "What is happening to me?",  she
wondered out loud, "They raped me and I enjoyed it. God, what the hell 
is going on? I'm fucking every man in sight!" Ann never thought she 
could act this way. That was bad enough, but why did she also have to 
climax too. This only made things worse. She  was  responding  to
everyone's sexual advances. She could justify when Sam fucked her in her 
office and even the guy in the booth. They both had reasons to believe 
she wanted them to fuck her. "I have to do something.", she said aloud, 
"I'm under a strain, but I have to. Work on one thing at a time. The 
biggest problem I have is Sam. If I do what he says and get all the 
pictures back, them my life will return to normal."
     The next day at work,  Ann  went  through  her  normal  routines
without much trouble, except for the discomfort between her legs and a 
pounding headache. Tracy had typed the new contract for Do-It-Right 
Janitors and brought it in for Ann's signature. Instead of signing it, 
Ann put it in her desk. She would leave it unsigned, to make Sam live up 
to his end of their agreement. When 5 o'clock came around, Ann went 
shopping for the clothes she still had to get.
     She went back to the same store and found more  to  choose  from
because they had restocked. Ann thought she wouldn't have the clothes on 
for long once Sam got her alone, but she choose the seven most costly 
outfits anyway. All of them showed off her legs and breasts. Each outfit 
could be removed swiftly also. She bought some more nylons and garter 
belts too because she couldn't remember how many she got the first time.
     Leaving the store, Ann also realized she still had to  call  her
boyfriend and cancel their date tomorrow night. She did this when she 
got home. Their conversation ended up with both of them yelling at each 
other again. Thinking about it later, Ann decided that when this ordeal 
with Sam was behind her she would tell her boyfriend what had happened 
so they could patch their relationship back together. She wouldn't tell 
him everything, but most of the truth. Nothing could be gained by 
telling him all the details of what she had to do, and that was only up 
to now. She couldn't imagine what was in store for her. The little spats 
with her boyfriend was trivial compared to that.
     The next morning Ann collected all the  items  she  bought.  She
would arrive early at work. She wanted to make sure nobody saw her come 
in with the things she was bringing. Once there, she checked  her
schedule and canceled a meeting for 3:30 that afternoon and told Tracy 
she had another appointment at 4 o'clock. Her plan was to get dressed at 
3 o'clock and arrive precisely at 4 o'clock to meet Sam. Though most 
days lingered on, this Wednesday went by too quickly. Tracy always took 
a coffee break at 3 and today was no exception. Ann would only have 15 
minutes before she got back.
     For some reason, standing in front of her closet  deciding  what
outfit to wear, Ann was becoming turned on. She thought it was absurd 
for her act this way. After all, she was meeting a  man  who  was
blackmailing her for sex. Not just any sex either. Sam wanted her to be 
a slut. She didn't mind wearing the clothes. They did look good on her 
and she enjoyed the way they made her feel. She didn't even mind being 
ordered around. She had discovered some time ago this was stimulating as 
well. The fact that Sam could alter her life is what annoyed Ann the 
most. If she could trust him, maybe it wouldn't be so bad. But how could 
she! The consequences were too great for her to rely on his compassion, 
if he had any.
     She picked the outfit she would wear and  the  accessories  that
she though would compliment them. When she was about to strip out of her 
business clothes, her phone rang.
     "Finance, this is Ann. How can I help you?"
     "Time to play slut Ann! You only have one hour to get ready  and
meet me. I'll have the same envelopes. If you behave yourself this time 
and do everything I tell you to do, you can keep them. If not, they're 
already stamped and you know what that means. Also, I want you to bring 
all the items from the list I sent you. Every single one!" Sam said and 
hangup before she could say anything.
     Ann heard the seriousness in  his  voice.  Sam  would  mail  the
pictures if she didn't cooperate. If she hesitated or said no, her 
career and personal life would change forever.
     As Ann would refer to them later, she hurriedly changed into her 
slut clothes. After stripping out of her business suit and pantyhose, 
the first item she put on was a garter belt. It was Ann's favorite 
color, Pink. She rolled a pair of pale tan nylons up each leg, making 
sure the bans of the silk stockings were as high as possible before 
attaching them to the garters, then stretched them some more. Next, she 
wiggled into the pink satin skirt that was part of the outfit. The hem 
was short and came midway up her thighs, but only if she spread her legs 
open did her nylon tops and garter straps ever show. Like all her 
clothes, this was expensive and had a machine stitched pattern of small 
white roses. The matching blouse was very different. After putting her 
arms in the sleeves, the rest of it wrapped around her and was tied into 
a knot at her waist on the left side. With the front loose fitting and 
nearly open to her navel, Sam, and everyone else, would see plenty of 
her breasts. The last thing she put on was a pair of white shoes. They 
had thin 5" heels because that was all the store carried in her size, at 
least that's what the salesman told her. They  didn't  look  like
impressive in the box. It was only after Ann put the sling-backs on did 
they turn into sexy high heels.
     After she hung her work clothes up,  Ann  straightened  out  her
hair and put on fresh make-up. She then put on an overcoat to hide her 
outfit and left. 
