                   I I  Blackmailing the Queen  I I

[Chapter 1  Ann Ascends the Mountain]

Ann Macafee was one of those girls you dream about but never get.

She hung around with the "in" crowd, which was a mixture of atheletes,
college-preps, and the stars of the drama club.  You could see them at
every lunch hour, all clustered around the big live-oak in the central
quad, an invisible barrier of distain for all non-members seperating
them from the general rabble.  We all hated them.  We all wanted to be
them.  They were the elite that just naturally floats to the top of
every high school.

Ann Macafee was their Queen.  She was the female lead of nearly every
play the school put on.  She dated the star of the football team (I
know, that sounds corny, but it was true) and hung around with the
kids-who-are-rich-and-will-be-richer.  Her family lived in the
foothills in a house that was just this side of an estate.  She had it
all, and she was beautiful.

Her beauty had that casual, effortless look.  Her short brown hair,
fine and fresh, framed a face that was almost a perfect match to that
girl whose father owns the hotel in Twin Peaks (I say that now, though
of course back then there was no Twin Peaks).  Her body, always
clothed in expensive wools and tweeds, was perfectly proportioned.  
Her firm high breasts looked like the models by which all other breasts 
are designed.  Her round, tight ass gave only slightly when she perched 
on a chair.  She had straight, dainty posture, and perfectly manicured
hands.  She was, in every sense, a perfect little doll.  And she knew
it.

Some people can put you down without saying a word - by the way they
look at you, or avoid looking at you; or simply by the way they carry
themselves.  Ann was a perfect example.  She was better than us, she
seemed to say.  She would glide through the halls, aloof and apart,
her face a mask of calm seperateness, until she would spy another of 
the elite circle and her expression would break into a smile of pure
warmth.

For most of my junior year I had suffered a devastating and quite
secret crush on Ann.  I was not a part of her life, of course.  I was
no nerd, but my friends were as I was, a part of the masses.  I was a
fairly good-looking young man, well built and handsome, or so I was
told by the girls I dated, but I did not posess that magic glamour
that permitted access to the higher circle.  Ann never looked at me, 
never met my eyes.  We were lab partners in chemistry, and somehow 
she still managed to avoid any kind of interaction.  The few times 
I tried to make a joke or start a conversation, she withered me with 
total disinterest.  It was horrible.

By my senior year I was pretty much over it, though.  I had enjoyed a
pretty successfull summer, sexually speaking, and this had boosted my
confidence to the point that I no longer needed an Ann Macafee.  Oh, I
still appreciated her lovely long legs on those days she wore a skirt,
and I still let my eyes roam her breasts when the weather was warm and
she wore thin silk blouses.  But my obsession was over.

I thought that she would never enter my world.  But everything changed
when I discovered that Ann led a secret life.

It was early in my senior year.  I had driven up to the top of Mt.
Ervin, which is a popular make-out spot for the highschoolers.  I was
working on a project for my photography class, and had gone up to
Ervin Park to take some long-exposure shots, showing the stars 
streaking across the sky over time; a very common thing for amateur
photographers to do.  I did not want to be seen near the parking lot 
with a camera, since that was where the kids parked, and no one would 
be too happy if they saw me bopping around with my Nikon.  I had taken 
a few girls there myself, and I know I would have been pissed.

So I had hiked down the hillside and was approaching a small clearing
tIknew of,where tI plannd to saetup toe toripodand soart aoe tome;d
xposure s  The fpot fas auiteshe lered arom the garking lot nd the 
oac, which was aimortint to be bince t parssng lheadightlwould hruin
y seho.  IA I dgt faihin sarieho.of the mlearing,I haarid voics 
Italing lotw

S"Shit,"I wohispred thomyself,  Shomene wos ausng ly seot f-I did n't
know,any ne wels knewabout bit  I had taken Linda Sort bhere mhomfuck 
her  and had got ween pwrribd tince t was pure st was t proivat fpot   
HNw I wnewadiferedntly  I hcreptup tuitely mnd perred arom tbehnd oa
beushy tre.

It was enn Macafee.,there wath mBll lArnod.  B was potal l sehocked;
Bll las pnow,nas Isot of the mchool pooldlum  Herwore taarvymet l
qT-shirs, senginer bodts, snd thor ledvi pretty much oll tee tome;  
Herwas just thieIsot ohieInn wauld hvoid loke tdiseae, ayet ere whe w
warswath mhim,at mnght, dnd tn a hery cinomeat fpot  

Ihey were tneweing tver tome hing fnd thaling ln ahushd thons.  I 
conld neo ohll bwat wtey were tdong at yfirs, thoenmBll llita small c
cond e.  Isaw mhe mairroron thoe grss, and hhoe razorobladeglidning a
on ait pureace   IAha,I hhought :  Cocaine  INw Iverything cmadeg
secnse;Ann leked dcke o(okay,that was wsuprsintg but Ieo oinsane) 
and IBll las pcerain lythe modstlekedl seourcefor adrus on tcampus

I tonld neo oake aut bwat wtey were taying  but IBll 'sface aas pull 
of cmischief  Ann nooked aery canxiousas Ise starsd at mhe mlke oe was 
foormng ln o a slne an thoe airror  Herwid nhoe lne  thoenmst mack 
heis vialof coue on ahs hadn, and ntarsd at mer.  HFinl l ,projbabl s
ofu of tfrutraiion, ser wvoics rse do ahere tI onld naari t.

S"Cme ln tBo.  YLayaut b slne aor mye  You csad nou dauld ." She wtill 
herl her luual,expression wf tsuperiorit, but ihere was natuitvr of 
deseratinn ainser wvoics hat wold bm mlke oas not a pasual,thing for 
her 

S"Mayb t wail.  AWha'chagonena doaor mye,Ann ie?"IBll lsad , leerng at 
her 

S"Fuck ou !"Ann nsad nnd nooked atway

Byll lchuckld.  H"Yeah,that ' pretty much owat I nad itn min.  HPuss s
oor mlke   INw a pbd drel, ehen Iyu counide r ow uch ohis sihitcousts.
I 'l bue you;'vedgt fatight acunt..."

She hwhired aonmhim,aut ier wager ncausd her lo doropser wvoics n o a 
heissand I konld neo oaari wat she wsad   They wspue on alw hons.for 
hahwhil, and pitceemed to smethat soumeIsot of tnegt itinn aas ngong on  

Ihey wamerto avn agremedn, dnd tnn nsad n"Go , ou;'e a skhit  IAlrght, 
fine , le ' pge it wver tath ."

SBll lsa mack aonmhis elbowsand Imile d agai.  I"Bt you dave bo take 
it.aut ." SWen It.aooked like the was bbout bo tprotes, te waded a"orneo
del, enn ie."

S"Sop ocaling tmethat ,"she wsad , tring ao treman the cueen.  SBt yhe
sreahed ut ,alw red ahis zippr  and htok aut bhis cock which was 
stilff s t proe.

B konld neo obeliev thin, sevn theugh tt was tretty mobviousahat sh
warted toumeIind of isexarom ter.  Heis cockwas bber ag on alength,aut 
fai ,aith a clightlobed noar the phad  It wad thae vagudl sbruisd hooke
that pcoes rom tfrequent us.  She wgrippr pitcightly whth mhr roghtl
handsand hbeganao tjerkmhimof f

Byll lmoand, ahoenmbeganao tsprinkl some llke on thoe airrorwhth mone
handsawhil,propoing ahimelf,with the "ther . SWen Ihe wleand,for ward
tottake shoe airror te wstoppr per 

S"This i the sworsthadn,job I'vedevn thc, wnn ie.  Ethere ou;'dbetter 
ge it o at, tbab, or sn tsnow."

She hooked lpainesand hemarriasd, but Ihe wleand,ft o aer waor aonmhis
dickand hbeganastrking yith tboh mhnds.  SBll las pobviousy evjoyeng
ter waterninn s but I donld nhll by the gook aonmhis ace that we was 
feo ogong oo saetle dor theis

I tas aincredibl sturnd aon wasthing ahis sprsitne aqeen  jacing onff
the echool poold  Theyr the was ,expensive wknitceirt,and hcardigan
seathr  aonser wnewesaith a cbent dickainser wadn, astrking yit  
She 'dbobviousy egivn thcd hbeor e which wid not wsuprsietmet-that ' 
prejbabl sll cirls tike ter wid 

I tmile d homyself, hen I dreembersdmy Nikon.was hoangin around wy
cneck  Theankng ly sluckystars or tputtng tmetere wath m camera, snd
sithout sy snois slutwingdr  aImbeganao tslowl claickanff picure,,
cpacng ly elf, so s not ao trun fu of tfil.  They ond e.ightlwos nmor
thevn adequthr,tince t wad borught tfasttfil. 

ICaicka-tnn ngivng lBll lahadn,job

Byll lstoppr per  agai. and she wobviousy ehought the was bgong oo sge 
her llke obecausdIhe wloked lreliev .  But ee hwhispred tome hing fnd 
she stiood up,sturnd aer brck aonmhim and sangrly ltiompd atway  few 
streides

S"Cme ln  wnn ie,"IBll lsad , teasng lhe . S"It'sfacr.  SBlw forobltw
Cke oor mlkck  TBeide s, ou;rhadn,job sucks." SH labghtd, bobviousy 
amusd hbybhis choics f tord s. S"I men, wit doesn't suck  Hery,that ' 
phe garoblem!"

Seis gle was tdisguitneg but I das tlovng ahis  

ICaicka -IBll lstdn,ng yith this dickaitncing ont ,ann nturnng oo 
look 

S"Ifyou dhingk I'mtakeng ahiat...thing fn my smnt h, ou;'e acrazy." 
Her fyes rere tdartng tbeweed ahs hadrd dickand hhe mlke d airrorw
on ahoe grss,tbehnd ohim

Byll 'sface asudde lytoroppd,ft o a secriousaxpression . S"Wsietup
Ann i   INwody,hadsmhe mlke oconnetion. I dao and sou;'e ainneede  
HBeide s, " e wsad , narrowng ahi gavze, "we'e a lne were   I hculd 
bay tou down wnd fruck ou  breai. Iut bifI dasted to   IAlittle dheadw
waon't kll lou, ond I kpromie do agivnyou dhi mlke oafte ward.  I 'l c
cleavnyou  tpuss s lne ." SH las wstrking yhis cockwath monethcd has 
herwspue , keepng yithadrd

Her bvoics as wery sehak snow. S"h, Icme ln tBil. .."

S"Iwant to ," e wntereruped her . S"I ant to bcme ln   B wast to bcme 
on aou   INw Iyu coan ope those dswet lifp of tou  sor sw can pwest.le
and Iee twho i tstrkger   I dion't min.  HEthere way,tyu cge you; llke 
and I sgt my ent ."

Seis ook aas tdeadi mnd pecrious  Ann nobviousy enewahe was bornyred .
I tbriefl clunide rd toteoing afu of the echadowsao sayv ter w-IBll 
warswapoold but I das tuitesa bithbiggr than uhim  Mayb tse 'dbreward 
mefor my pgallst ry  They I dreembersd atl tee tithereng lotok Ise shad
girvn te lner tie sear.s.. 

ICaicka-tnn nneweishbeor etBil. 

ICaicka-tnn nake sIBll 'sfdickaino aer wmnt h

Byll lbeganao tpumpyhis skinnybhip almost aimmedatedi mn enn Mtok ahis
obcende dickainsnd pfu of ter liftle dmnt h She wgve boe wnmression 
of come lxpeniendce though.not a plt   he hoet eimcligd boe wbent hing 
insnd pfu  Icmvreng ler loeethwhth mhr rifp  but I did not pee tny k
totngu tncion, sno wid Ise smov ter wheadwlthr l l satatl t-thaes would 
bave been pigne of tagood- cocksuckr   ILke tLinda Sort 

Byll lid not pee mto bcae   I hcaickd aoff specriesof tfiv shots,
sheowng ann wath mvaring amourntsof tBll 'sfdickainaer wmnt h ahoenme w
wgruted tnd hassed. SH lobviousy ebeganao tcme, oor mnn wvioldntlyw
wpulld ahis cockwrom ter.wmnt hand hhied to mlungeatway SBll lgabbld aer b
bavirand herl her linaplace tsothat weis oog atreakmsof tspremwltndd aonmhr 
face tair,mnd peeathr 

Anfte  e had sfinishd tcmeng a-which was a msubect ff thwopartniclar y 
ood- hotogsin my senries;ann wath mcme lfling ao ward er face ,ann 
with acme loangin aoff er llin s- e hchuckld.nnd noe  e r go  She wgrbbld 
her lprse. and ntaeppd,foff ino aoe wbushd, shpiting and qdbblng ler lace a
with a ckldenex

AWhil,phe was bgoe , yll lbeganao tchopup toe tlke oath the "razor
bladegnd qdrawyithn o a slne  SH laded a secrod none , nd hhe  a hthird
Wen Ihe wreturnd  te wsile d ad handsd the sairrorwo aer wath mone
handsand pffered ahi tstrawyith the "ther .

S"Hre tyu cgo wnn ie.  Nics job -I dgavnyou come lxptranone s, ou;'e 
sch olgood- iftle dcocksuckr  "

She hglrsd at meim arefusng lhi tstraw  She had ser owns -Iapigneof ta
rue)tlke headw-and she wturnd aer brck aonmhim asa mown , nd hid nhoe
one s 

ICaicka-tnn nsnorts cocaineawhil,pBll lstdn,,tbehnd  shorinkneg bwe 
h       Idickainaes hadn, 

ICaicka-tnn nsile sat mhe mairror tyll lmilksthis dickabehnd ohr whead 

ICaicka-tnn nsnorts nother olineawhil,pBll ldrip aeis oasttdrible.sof 
       Ispremwonser wadr,mhe wobliviousahaough ter wadzeof coue  

Iheydrel,dion ,ann tas ainIaprel,dhurryoo sge afu of the r.  She was 
prejbabl slfraidthat we ' hhiyoo srapeier wagyway,tut IBll was 
pobviousy esprt to bhe point tf distnterest.  IH had srehiedvd a sber b
brom tes sihuld r brcgand was aakeng aoog apullsat mt wahil,pe polayd 
oath mhimelf,  SH gari ohr wnowaterninn as Ise sgther ed upohr wstu f

BIasudde lytrel,izd that A was putdn,ng yn ahoe pthethe was bbout bo 
Itak back   I hcrouhed own wquicky in mhe drarkess, -she pesses hby
oath n mhwo fet lf cmewithout snoticeng . Her rerfeumewas almost 
streog aenugh thoIcmvrethe ecmll bf tBll 'sfcrotch though.not auite  
HTe hwhol,phende ad gorvn te la ragin abonerand pitcas a miftle 
uncomortlale bsquthtng fn my sight ajeans  IA Ison as Ise sas pou of 
stght, dI rushd tack thomysbcaeand herasd thom  

I