                [Chapter 4  Afternoon delight]

I arrived at the Garage apartment at 4:00, expecting to find her
there.  I checked to make sure I was not seen, then entered through 
the side door and up the plain wood staircase to the rooms above.  
The same key that had opened the side door opened the door to the main 
room, and the musty smell of the place told me how long it had been 
unused.  But it was basically clean.

Ann was not there.  At lunch I had told her to be there by 3:45 and to
wait for me.  She had seemed totally cowed and I was disturbed to find
that she had disobeyed.  Had she decided not to show?  I could make
good on the threats, of course, but the truth was that though she may 
have believed me, I looked forward to having her as my playmate far 
more than the prospect of ruining her by distributing the photos.  I 
was not even sure I would actually do it.  She was so pretty, so 
doll-like and cute, I'm not sure I could bring myself to shit on her 
like that, bitch though she certainly was.

But the point was rendered moot when she appeared in the doorway.

"You're late," I said.

"Sorry, I'm really sorry.  My mom saw me coming up the walk and wanted
to talk to me about some stuff.  Then I had to wait until I could
sneak away..."

"Fine, fine," I interrupted her.  She was really apologizing to me!
This was delightful - she was actually accepting the idea that I was
in charge here, and she had a responsibility to obey me.  She must 
really be afraid of those pictures, I thought.

"Now, to the matter at hand," I said, closing and locking the door
behind us.  "Stand there in the middle of the room and take off all
your clothes."

She bit her lip and winced a little, but moved to the center of the
living room and began to strip.  First came the shoes and stockings -
I was suprised to see she did not wear pantyhone, but old fashioned
stockings and lacy garters.  Rich girls, I guessed.  Next she took off
her sweater and blouse, then stepped out of her skirt.  She did this
all very slowly, obviously trying to keep the ultimate moment away,
but I did not mind.  It made her look so graceful and lithe, and I wanted
to bask in the moment anyway.  Finally, she stood there in her lacy
white bra and plain cotton panties, the latter with little pink bows
at the sides that matched the pink ribbon in her hair.  She stood for a
moment, her hands trying to cover herself without appearing to do so,
and seemed to be unable to continue.

"Everything Annie.  Take it all off now."  My voice was even and calm,
but definite.

"One favor, please?"  She was actually begging, something I imagine
she'd never done before.

"Maybe."

"Don't call me Annie.  That's what that slime Bill Arnold called me.
Call me Ann."

"We'll see.  If you do a good job and you earn it - but for now you're
Annie.  Now get naked."

She held her breath for a second, then let it out and undid the front
clasp on her bra, sweeping it away with one hand and laying it on the
little sofa with the rest of her clothes.  I cannot tell you how I
felt, seeing those breasts that I had fantasized about for so long.  They
were so perfect, so round and high, and with large nipples that looked so
completetly suckable.  I nearly came just looking at them.  When she
bent over to remove her panties, they hung taut below her, then did
not sag one iota when she stood again, panties in hand.

And then she was naked before me.  Her pussy hair was a neat,
perfectly trimmed little triangle of light brown - even more lovely and 
delicate than I had expected.  She had an ideal figure, her smooth tummy 
and slim waist, her flawless creamy skin, her dancers legs.  Nude, she 
was still a perfect doll, an ideal girl.

She was shaking a bit, but I could tell that she was resigned to this.
"All right," I said, "Now undress me."

She stepped immediately forward and began to unbutton my shirt.  "No,"
I said, "on your knees, Annie."  She dropped to her knees, and had to
reach up straining to take off my shirt.  Then off came my shoes and
socks, again piled neatly next to hers on the sofa, then she undid my
pants and stuggled to get them off (levis are hand to remove from a
standing person), but finally succeeded.  All through this her face
was calm and businesslike, but her breathing was becoming rapid, and 
there was a flush creeping over her chest and upper arms.

Finally she took off my briefs.  My dick, hard and straight as a post,
sprang out and hit her on the cheek, and she stared at it as she
lowered the underwear to my feet and I stepped out of them.  My dick 
is a bit on the large side, especially compared to Bill Arnold's, being 
very close to nine inches long (and I was so hot that day I would not be 
surprised if it were ten) and very thick.  I am uncircumsized, though 
that was hard to see with the foreskin retracted so completely.  I could 
not remember ever feeling so hard in my life.  My dick stuck straight out
in front of me, like a baseball bat at the ready.

"Jesus, you're huge..." she whispered, and I could see fear in her
eyes.

I just smiled and dropped to my knees, my dick bopping her right breast
on the way down, then brushed her hair away from her face and placed
my hands on her wonderful breasts.  She hissed in her breath a little as
I massaged her nipples, then I released them.  "Go get the sofa pillows,
Annie.  On your knees."

She walked on her knees the two steps to the sofa, and pulled the
pillows off.  I had her place them on the floor, then I laid back and
got comfortable.  She knelt motionless at my feet.

"Lay beside me, and let me feel those titties," I said, "and you can
get the feel of my cock while I do."

She walked on her knees to my side, then laid down on her side next to
me, while I was on my back.  This gave me access to her left breast
only, so I made her turn slightly to expose them both.

As we lay there on the old green carpet, I squeezed and stroked those
magnificent breasts, thumbing the nipples and pinching them lightly
until they were fully erect.  She took my cock in her left hand and
began to stroke it, her fingers not quite touching her thumb as she
grasped it with her small hand.  Her touch was warm and exciting, but
she did not really know how to give a proper handjob, and I had no
desire to teach her.  I pushed her onto her back and began to suck her
nipples, first one, then the other, while my hand slipped between her
thighs.  She gasped as my fingers probed her pussy, but she was very
wet, and her clit was engorged.

I stroked and sucked her for perhaps five minutes, revelling in her
body, then sat back on the pillows and guided her face to my cock.

"Now, let's see if you really are a `good little cocksucker' Annie," I
said, still tweaking her nipples.

She flashed me a look, but then opened her mouth and took the head of
my cock between her lips.  She began sliding it in and out, perhaps
two inches of length total, covering her teeth with her lips.  It felt
very nice, but it was not a good blowjob.

I pushed her face off my dick.  "No, that won't do,' I said.  "You've
got lousy technique.  You're too mechanical.  You've got to make love
to my cock, really go at it."

"Look," she began, "I'm taking this thing in my mouth, so don't..."

"Shut up!" I snapped, and she fell silent.  "It's not `this thing,' it
is MY cock.  This kind of blowjob I can get from my hand.  Now, cover
your upper teeth with your lips, your lower teeth with your tongue,
and let that tongue swirl the underside of my cock as you suck.  And 
let my dick get plenty wet.  Use some suction, and move your head from 
side to side as you go, with some passion.  Now and then take it out 
and lick it.  And I expect you to suck me a lot deeper."

"Deeper?  How can I?  My mouth was full as it was.  You're too big."

"I guess you'll have to work something out.  Oh, and use your hands to
jack the shaft and fondle my balls while you suck."  I leveled my gaze
at her, "Now.  Get back to work."

She took my cock in her mouth again, and this time was much better.  I
could feel her tongue playing along my glans and she applied a good
amount of suction as her head bobbed up and down.  She still was
takeing only two or perhaps three inches, but the feeling was wet,
warm, and wonderful.

I put her left hand on my dick and her right on my balls, and she drew
her knees up to support herself.  Her left hand began to jack my
shaft, with just the same rhythm as her mouth sucked me.  With her 
right hand she stroked my hairy balls; a ticklish feeling, but it 
always adds something to the experience.  All in all, a good start.

After a few minutes of this I felt her saliva running down my shaft
and onto my balls, and her mouth was getting smoother and looser.  I 
put my hand on the back of her head, my palm covering the pink ribbon 
she had there, and pushed her down farther, so she was talking half my 
length with each downstroke.  This increased her suction as she tried 
to take more and more of me into her mouth.

I could tell she was getting turned on - she increased her tempo and
began taking me deeper and deeper without my urging, and soon I felt
that I was very close to coming.

She pulled my dick from her mouth and licked it, eyes closed and an
expression on her face that was almost loving.  She flicked her tongue
delicately over the glans, to which I said "Oh, yeah," and then she
took my cock back into her mouth and began to suck it hard, deeper and
deeper.  She was emitting a little whimper in the back of her throat,
and her nipples, brushing my thighs, were hand as raisins.

"I'm.....gonna come.....so get ready.....to swallow....." I said
between strokes.  I felt her begin to humm some kind of protest (a
princess doesn't usually swallow come, I guess), but the vibrations
only made the sensation of her sucking more exquisite, and I exploded
into her mouth.

