From ???@0x0000374C Mon Nov 03 21:24:11 1997
Path: newsfeed.san.rr.com!news-out.internetmci.com!newsfeed.internetmci.com!152.163.199.19!portc03.blue.aol.com!audrey02.news.aol.com!not-for-mail
From: fritas12@aol.com (Fritas12)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Black on White 2
Date: 1 Nov 1997 16:29:28 GMT
Lines: 256
Message-ID: <19971101162901.LAA17725@ladder02.news.aol.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: ladder02.news.aol.com
X-Admin: news@aol.com
Organization: AOL http://www.aol.com
Status: O

  This material is intended for adults only.  
  
                    Black on White Part 2
                              by
                         Simple Simon
                                     
                                     
       In part one, I described how Joan, my wife, had become 
  involved with a man she worked with.  He had refused to see 
  her after they had gotten together a few times.  At my 
  urging, Joan had offered to have sex with some of his 
  friends if he would see her again.  What follows is the 
  result of that offer.
  
       The passion of the night before had worn off a little 
  bit by the next morning and I could see that Joan was having 
  some second thoughts about what she had done.  She kept 
  licking her lips and looking nervous as she pulled on a 
  white blouse and dark dress, the normal outfit she wore into 
  work.  I was thinking of what might happen in the next 
  twenty-four hours and wondering how I could be more of an 
  eyewitness to the whole thing.
       "How are you feeling?" I asked her.
       "Nervous about going into work.  I don't know what it's 
  going to be like today.  What if TJ has told everybody 
  what's going to happen?  I don't know if I can do this."
       I knew that once she got into work she really wouldn't 
  have that much choice.  I was pretty sure TJ wasn't going to 
  take no for an answer at this point, but at the same time I 
  thought Joan would change her mind once she saw him.  I 
  walked over to her from behind and slipped my hand over one 
  breast.  Joan started to push me away, but I held her until 
  she accepted the caress.  I could feel her nipple harden 
  through the material .
       I whispered in her ear, "Just keep thinking about how 
  exciting it's going to be tonight.  TJ will have his hands 
  where mine are now.  Isn't that what you want?"
       "Yeah, I do, I guess.  It's the thought of all those 
  other guys."
       "Just think, you won't know who knows at work.  It 
  could be anyone, couldn't it?"
       "Yes."
       "Every man you see today might be one of the ones 
  fucking you tonight.  Any one of the men at work might have 
  their hands on your pussy before you get back home again.  
  You won't know who until you get to TJ's.  Except for Larry.  
  You know Larry will be thinking about you all day today, 
  thinking about what you'll look like naked and spread for 
  him tonight. "  The whole time I was talking to her, I kept 
  my hands moving on her tits, pinching her nipples gently and 
  cupping her breasts.  I could hear her breathing quickening 
  and she moaned softly.  "Does that excite you?"
       "Yes.  God, yes, how am I going to get through work 
  today?"
       "You wish you were with them now, don't you?" I teased.  
  "You'd like to find out who it is and start fucking them."
       Joan leaned back against me and reached back for my 
  cock.  I wanted her horny going into work so I told her I 
  was running late and we'd have to wait until that night.
       "What if I'm too worn out tnight," she said with a 
  self-conscious little grin.
       "I guess we'll have to chance it.  Do me a favor, 
  though.  Take the camera with you and get some pictures so I 
  can see what you look like tonight."
       "Pictures?  I don't know...how will I explain that? "
       "Tell them you want something to remember the night 
  by."
       "I don't know, I'll think about it."
       I don't know what Joan's day was like, but mine was one 
  unending fantasy.  I imagined her in a hundred different 
  situations, wondering who was going to be with her, if it 
  was someone I'd met at one of the parties, what she was 
  thinking, a million thoughts.  The day went by quickly and I 
  went home after work and tried to read while I waited for 
  Joan.  It was pleasurable agony as the clock moved past 
  nine, then ten, then eleven.  Finally, about midnight I 
  heard a car door slam and moments later her key fumbling at 
  the lock.
       I was surprised to see that Joan was dressed exactly as 
  she had been when she left that morning.  I guess I thought 
  she'd look ravished or something.  She put her pocketbook on 
  the sofa and sat down next to me.  We looked at each other 
  for a few seconds, then I burst out with, "Well?  What 
  happened?"
       Joan smiled just a little and reached into her purse.  
  She handed me a stack of Polaroids.  The first shot showed 
  her sitting on a sofa with three men, all black.  They were 
  grinning and Joan looked like she was scared out of her 
  mind.  I quickly thumbed thtrough the rest, seeing her in 
  various stages of undress before putting hte stack back in 
  order.
       "What happened?" I asked  eagerly.  I wanted to hear it 
  from her.
       "Well, I don't know exactly how to tell you," she said.  
  "I guess I should just describe the whole day. ok?"
       "Sure-go ahead."
       "I couldn't stop thinking about what you said while I 
  was driving to work.  You were right.  It could have been 
  anybody.  I don't kow who TJ knows at the hospital.  When I 
  walked in, I thought every man there was staring at me.  I 
  know it sounds crazy, but it seemed that every single guy 
  had something to say to me.  I started reading all kinds of 
  things into everything and it was sort of exciting in a way.  
  The not knowing I mean."
       "Did you see TJ?"
       "Not until almost the end of the day.  He came up to my 
  floor about three.  When I saw him get off the elevator my 
  stomach started doing flip-flops.  I guess because I had 
  been thinking about him all day and here he was.  He came 
  over and said, 'All set for after work?'  I said I guessed 
  so and asked who he had told.  He just grinned and said it 
  was a surprise."
       "What about Larry?" I asked.
       Joan said, "He was in meetings all day so I didn't know 
  about him.  TJ just told me to meet him in the parking 
  garage right after work."
       I could see that telling the story was starting to get 
  her excited again.  Her breath was coming faster and she was 
  shifting back and forth on the sofa.  I put my hand on her 
  leg and began stroking it as she continued.
       "He didn't say much as we drove to his apartment, just 
  kept whistling and looking at me every once in awhile.  We 
  went in and he gave me a drink.  I took the camera out of my 
  pocketbook and told him I wanted to take some pictures of 
  the party.  He thought that was pretty cool and promised me 
  some good ones.
       The suspense was killing me and my hand was shaking 
  when I sipped my drink.  Finally, the doorbell rang and TJ 
  said with a smile, 'Go let everybody in.'  I walked to the 
  door and opened it and saw four men from work.  Three I knew 
  worked as custodians and the fourth was Larry.  They came in 
  and all had surprised looks on their faces.  
       "Hi, Joan, what are you doing here?" Larry asked.  I 
  realized that TJ hadn't told them anything.
       "Joan, tell them why you're here," TJ said with a 
  smile.
       "You didn't say anything?" I said.  My voice was 
  shaking.  I thought it might be hard to do this, but with 
  the guys not even knowing, it was even harder.
       "Thought I'd let you do that."
       "I stuttered and stammered about it and finally said we 
  were going to party."  Joan said.  I could feel her legs 
  trembling as she told the story and could visualize her 
  standing in a room full of guys trying to tell them she was 
  going to gangbang them all.
       "TJ told me to tell them exactly what I'd told him the 
  night before but I couldn't.  He said, 'Joan here promised 
  to fuck you all if I'd screw her again.  We've already done 
  that three or four times and it was getting old so she had 
  to up the offer a little bit before I'd reconsider.  She's 
  going to be a real party girl, aren't you, Joanie?"
       "I just nodded my head.  Everybody got a few drinks and 
  we sat on the sofa for a couple of minutes.  Larry said, 
  'Joan, I've been waiting to get you for a real long time 
  now.  I didn't know you slept around and I sure didn't know 
  you liked black meat.  Come on over here."
       "I walked over to where he was sitting and he pulled me 
  down onto his lap.  He started kissing me and unbuttoning my 
  blouse so he could put his hands inside and play with my 
  breasts.  The more I kissed him, the more excited I got and 
  I started rubbing his cock while he pushed my blouse off and 
  unhooked my bra.  Somehow knowing that these guys could see 
  my naked tits was a real turn-on and I started really 
  rubbing his dick.  He pushed me to my feet and told me to 
  strip.  I did and then dropped to my knees and unzipped his 
  pants.  He had a nice long cock and I started sucking on it 
  while he was playing with my nipples."
       I found the picture that must have been taken about 
  that time.  Joan was kneeling on an orange carpet, her eyes 
  closed and her mouth stretched to accomodate what must have 
  been at least an eight inch cock.  She had her hands behind 
  Larry's legs, pulling him to her and you could just make out 
  the blurred figures of two other guys in the background, big 
  grins on their faces.
       I moved my hand up her legs utntil I could rub her 
  through the silk of her panties.  Unsurprisingly, I found 
  her already wet.  As she continued her story, I found her 
  clit and gently rubbed it, bringing a gasp of pleasure from 
  her lips.
       "Frank, one of the other guys, moved up behind me while 
  I was sucking Larry and put me on my hands and knees.  He 
  kneeled behind me and put his dick into me from behind.  It 
  was a good thing I was so wet because he certainly stretched 
  me out.  It was the coolest feeling, with a dick in my mouth 
  and one in my pussy.  The turn-on was because I had seen 
  these guys for more than three years and here I was having 
  sex with them.
       It wasn't lomg before Larry came and he shot a load in 
  my mouth.  I kept most of it off the rug."
       "Wait a minute, you swallowed it?  How come you never 
  did that when we were fooling around?"
       "Don't be mad.  I'll do it from now on.  It just 
  happened so fast that I didn't think about it.  Besides, by 
  this time I probably would have done anything.  This was 
  even more exciting than the first time with TJ."
       I couldn't very well stay mad, not as horny as the 
  story was making me.  Joan leaned back and unbuttoned her 
  blouse.  I saw that she wasn't wearing her bra and one hand 
  went to her tits.
       "Oh, oh, oh, oh," she kept saying softly.  I wanted her 
  to continue so I said, "What happened then?"
       "Tyrone took Larry's place and then TJ took Frank's 
  place after he had cum.  We went on like that for what 
  seemed like hours.  Those guys could really keep it up.  I 
  think each one of them must have come three or four times 
  over the next two hours."
       The pictures showed her to be right.  There were twenty 
  pictures, all except the first showing Joan naked and with 
  one or more naked men.  She was jerking them off while 
  giving head to one or taking on two at a time.  By this 
  time, I had pushed back her blouse completely and hiked her 
  skirt up abover her waist.  I pulled her panties down and 
  entered her waiting pussy.  It was like pushing my cock into 
  a paper bag-the walls were so stretched I could barely feel 
  them around me.
       "You liked it?"
       "Oh, Goid, yes," Joan said.  "It was the mnost 
  fantastic thing I've ever done.  It was such a turn-on and 
  that's not the end of it."
       "What do you mean?" I said while I continued to screw 
  her.
       "They want to try and do it at work on Monday," Jane 
  said.  "They want me to agree to meet them in the laundry 
  room or somewhere and fuck them all one after the other."
       "What'd you say?"
       "Oh, fuck me," Joan moaned beneath me.  "God, I've 
  never been this hot before.  Come on, fuck me hard!"
       I picked up the pace until I shot me load into her and 
  we lay panting on the sofa.  "What'd you say to them?" I 
  asked again.
       ""Well, even though I was excited about it, I didn't 
  want them to just think they could snap their fingers and 
  I'd come running."  I thought that was strange considering 
  what Joan had done that night, but let it go by.  "So Larry 
  says that he might be able to arange a little bonus for me 
  if I agree.  He's willing to pay an extra $1000 a month if I 
  see them twice a week."
       "How do you like being a whore?" I said, licking her 
  still aroused nipples.
       "I think I like it," Joan said.  " I think I'm going to 
  say yes."
       "What if I don't want you to?" I asked, curious.
       "I can't stop now,"Joan said, "It's too exciting.  Are 
  you telling me no?"
       "Nope.  Just wondering."
       "Good.  I wonder if they'll tell anyone else at work.  
  That would be embarrassing."
       I didn't want her changing her mind so I didn't say 
  anything.  My bet would have been that every guy and 
  probably most of the women in the hospital would know about 
  this within days.  I suspected work would get much more 
  interesting for her starting Monday.


Comments welcome

