
                              BLKTAKE1.TXT -- 1/6

        This is a repost of the Black Takeover series due to requests to
               alt.sex.stories.d. I hope you enjoy it this time.

        ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
          The following contains nonconsensual sex, rape violence etc.

        If you are immature, underaged or offended by such, go on to the
                                 next posting.
        -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

                               BLACK TAKEOVER #1
                                   by PALADIN
                             rpaladin@ix.netcom.com

      Bula was mad as hell. That ofay bastard had fired her and all the Blacks
that worked there. That was no reason for it. She had done her job day in and
day out. Put up with his moods. His hands...

      She had gotten together with John and Montel and  they decided to show
this sucker something he and his snooty wife be remembering for the rest of
their days.

      She walked up to Sandra Van Hofter as she was putting packages in her
car.

      "Hello Mrs. Vanhofter," Bula said with a big smile.

      Sandra whirled and backed away from her husbands former employee. She
clutched her keys and attempted to get away. What was her kind doing here with
decent folk.

      "Bula I don't know nothing and besides you should see Rodney if you have
a problem with him." She said.

      She whirled and ran right into Montel's open arms. He caught her like
spider would a fly. She struggled but like the fly she was stuck fast.

      "Now don't you be going running away from my MA." Montel began. "We got
business with you and what you want be no nevermind. Now you be a good White
bitch and Maybe I don't cut your face off."

      He brought his shinny knife up to her cheek to emphasize the point. "Now
you be a good little White pussy. Give me the keys and get in the back seat
with Donald and we all be right! If not well I make sure you puke every time
you look in the mirror."

      She would die right here. She was minding her own business. Just shopping
for a new dinner ring and a stylish cocktail dress or two and these... these...
people were, but the knife slid to he left eye. She gave him the keys. Her
face... She would give them the car... her purse... Yes give them my purse.
They will go away and I will call the police. Yes that it.

      "Here take my purse, all my money and credit cards are there you can have
it all, Just leave me and I wont tell anyone." Saundra said hopefully with her
little girl voice and she smiled her cutest little girl smile. No one had
resisted that in the past.

      "Thank you," Montel said giving the purse to Bula, "Now get in the car
bitch." He shoved her in then Donald got in behind her. Montel went around and
opened the door for his Ma.

      When the door opened Donald had his hand under Saundra dress and she was
attempting to stop the hands worming into her panties.

      "Please stop him" Saundra pleaded.

      Bula got in effective wedging her in the back seat between her and
Donald. His hand still trying to get into her panties. No body answered her
pleas.

      Montel slid behind the BMWs wheel and as he pulled out he told Saundra,
"You one lucky White woman. Donald here don't have but one other White women in
his string of whores. I bet you play your cards right he let you work for him
in the street. How about that Donald you think she take some good Black dick
and make a career move in to your string??"

      Saundra thought she would be sick. She gave up let he feel her cunt,
These people are just animals. She would not even answer his dirty comments
with a denial. She felt Donald at her panties and she tried to tightened her
legs to keep his fingers out of her cunt. He pinched her tummy skin and just
turned the skin till she opened up to escape the tearing pain with tears in her
eyes.

      "Please stop." she begged.

      "Bula please stop him." She begged as Donald pushed aside her panty
crotch and slid his fingers inside her neither lips.

      "Please." she continued to beg.

      "Seems to me I asked the same thing about my job the other day and you
and that bastard of a husband of yours said that things happen, sorry." Bula
answered looking straight ahead. "Well this be one of those things that happen,
only it is happening to you this time."

      For the first time Donald said. "Time for the tryouts. I think I'm in
love with this bitch Montel. Bula why you don't get into the front seat so
Saundra and I can get better aquatinted."

      Montel answered "See what I tell yea! Saundra you turned that old boys
head. Should we leave you alone with that amorous stud? Or maybe we could drive
back to your place Donald. Your bottom lady probably like a nice lily White
bitch like Saundra. Then to she probally cut them big tits off and use them for
pillows."

      "You want to go home with Donald or go to your home Saundra."

      Saundra shuttered and thought she would be sick.

      The Black hand was rubbing her clit and she could not think straight.
"My... house she said." She tried to sink deeper into the seat and hoped maybe
it would go away. Maybe it was all a bad dream... Maybe...

      "Here is your house now Saundra, we got business here. You seemed to have
turned Donalds head but he be all business right now so you and we going to go
inside and you are going to turn off the alarm. You fuck this up Saundra and we
going to have to leave here real quick, but not before we force this railroad
flair down your throat. It be lit of course. Man these suckers never go out you
know. I tried it once it kept right on burning for the full 20 minutes. I bet
it burn that mouth and throat and might go right down to your stomach. Sure be
a shame" Montel told her.

      She had secretly been planning to use the emergency button on the house
alarm but they were so slow she would be burned beyond recognition before help
would arrive. Let them have the stuff. It was all insured. She new them they
would not get away. She was confident that they would not kill her. Sure they
were trying to scar her but... she hoped.

      "OW!!! Montel make him stop. He'll have me all bruised. I'll turn off the
alarm and then you can have what you want. Now make him STOP. Please make him
stop." Sandy sobbed.

      No one said anything, and Donalds hand continued it's exploration of her
secrete parts.

      They pulled up in to the drive way and the outside gate opened to the
remote on the visor. Montel drove to the front door. He stopped the car, got
out. opened Bulas door, and helped her extract her almost three hundred pounds
from the back seat. Their was a lot of woman there on the hoof so to speak.

      Donald got out puling Saunda by the arm. He had the flair in the other
hand. Saundra took the keys and let them in to the house. Donald hung on to her
like they were new lovers. She went into the closet and turned off the alarm.

      Now they had what then wanted, she felt, they would not harm her. She had
been a good girl. She smiled her little girl smile and said,

      "There you have the run of the house and grounds. The cook Carmella is
off so no one will disturb you till 7 when my husband gets home. I've done my
part. Now let me go."

      "I think I going to like this place, Montel. Now I done fallen in love
with this bitches mouth. I going to try it out while you'll look over the
premises." Donald said forcing Saundra to he knees before him. Then he stared
down at the frightened White woman and said, "I'm in love you're mouth. Let's
see if it feels as good as I think it will. You better behave or I'll take the
rest of the afternoon knocking out all them pearly whites, one by one.."

      One look told her he meant every word. She couldn't. She wouldn't. She
... She'd . He squatted down and slapped her left cheek knocking her to the
floor of the drawing room. He grabbed her hair and dragged back to her knees.

      "Now I don't like to be kept waiting when I ordered a blow job I better
get a good blow job and I mean right away. I going be doing some dental work in
about a minute." Donald said to her.

      Saundra reluctantly reached his fly and fished out the longest Blackest
cock she had ever seen. It was not too thick but it must be ten or eleven
inches long. She was horrified  at it's size and smell. She looked up pleading
with her eyes.

      "I know you be thinking what a lucky White bitch you be to have this all
to your self. But you better be getting on with it for I thinks you's is
stalling." Donald explained drawing back his fist.

      Saundra abandoned her attitude and sucked the hateful organ in her mouth.
She would hold it there, that would satisfy him. She just could not go on. The
cheesy fishy taste convinced her that he was not clean. She could not go on.
She felt a metallic piece on her eye brow and when she looked she saw a long
thin knife above her eye. Donald smiled and she started to nurse on his dick
like it was her mothers tit. He'd do it. He'd stick that thing in her eye.

      "Now don't you try that shy prissy broad shit. I want your best and then
some. I know you can do it. You only need the proper motivation." he said,
scraping the blade over her forehead.

      She was sure he would do it she didn't well sucked. She licked. She ran
her lips up and down the offensive thing. Anything to get this over with. She
heard a sound of scraping and looked up without moving her mouth off the hated
thing.

      Donald had removed his belt, doubled it and said, "You be useless get
that dick in your throat and strip. NOW. If you can't do no better than that
I'm going to have to use your ass. Now I be sure that be  one tighter hole. Now
strip for me."

      She withdrew her mouth crying as she reached for her zipper. Her back
exploded with pain and with her hair as a handle Donald drove her mouth back to
his dick.

      "No body told you to stop, you a stupid bitch," The belt descended again
and her ass exploded again in pain. "Get on with it bitch. You do both for old
Donald and you do it quick. You hear"

      Her hands flew to the zipper and tore it down and worked her skirt to her
knees. She pulled down her panties and ripped off her bra. Then she looked up
to his hard stair. She looked for some softening. She had denuded her self for
him and he seemed to be unhappy with her. What more did he want??

      Donald slapped the belt to her ass and explained, "Shinny those rags the
rest of the way off and no more slacking on that mouth action. Or I go find me
a wire hanger and you wish you is never born."

      She sped up her mouth fucking and managed to get the panties and skirt
off at the same time. She felt the stirring of his cock. Finally she felt he
would come and this would be over.

      "Now you going to deep throat me." he said. Grabbing her head and
whipping her ass with his belt.

      Sure enough, She opened up to scream and he shoved his hips forward and
forced her head into his crotch. His stiff dick lodged in her throat and her
lips were in his hair. She tried to push him away with her hands but she was
stuck. The belt forced her to try to cover her ass and she only fluttered her
hands ineffectual.

      She was scared. This could not be happening. This nigger was going to
strangle her with his dick. She started to struggle but he slapped her ass
again with the doubled over belt and said,

      "Now you got it in there now you draw back and then you swallow it again.
You either learn or die. Don't make me no never mine. I get off either way. Now
do it!"

      She slid it back out of her throat and grabbed some air, He reminded her
that that didn't matter to him to him, by striking her ass again with his belt.

      When the pain in her ass got bad enough she managed to over come her
diastase for this, new to her, form of love making. It still seemed like
eternity till she got his come and he saw to it that she swallowed it all. He
being a pro at this drew it back so that she got the taste of his cum on her
tongue.

      She drew back sputtering and not at all happy with her new taught skill.
She received a cutting blow to her tits that sent her to the floor to protest
her treasures. He grabbed her hair and brought her to her former kneeling
position and he shoved his dick back to its former home.

      She looked up and did not dare move. What could he possible want. He had
had his cum in her mouth, now what did he want.

      "You mouth is a tee why you don't know the first thing about being a
mouth whore. I'm going to have to train you from the hair down." Donald
complained to his dick holder.

                           more to follow...


                              BLKTAKE2.TXT -- 2/6

        This is a repost of the Black Takeover series due to requests to
               alt.sex.stories.d. I hope you enjoy it this time.

        ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
          The following contains nonconsensual sex, rape violence etc.

        If you are immature, underaged or offended by such, go on to the
                                 next posting.
        -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

                               BLACK TAKEOVER # 2
                                   by Paladin
                             rpaladin@ix.netcom.com

      These people were animals she had surrendered her mouth to him and he was
not satisfied. Rodney had learned that she would not do things like this for
him. He was her husband She had rights. Now that tennis pro at the club.. yes
she did it for him but she did not swallow. She was here naked groveling at a
niggar's feet with his smelly cock in her mouth being berated for her
performance. It just wasn't fare.

      Donald reached down and grabbed her hair again and forced her up to her
coffee table. Her knees struck the table and bent as she was forced to kneel on
the table.

      Donald complained "You no good whore get your lying cock sucking mouth
down on the table and keep the ass up facing me. Hurry up you useless pig. Your
lips promised soo much and then you fall down on the job."

      She assumed the required position and Donald's hand was between her legs.
She closed up to protect herself but she was rewarded with two strokes of
Donald's belt.

      "Open up bitch. Show me some of that fine hospitality you White folks
show one another." Donald ordered.

      She cried real tears now but as her head on the table they did no good,
as if they ever would, with this animal.

      "That ain't wide enough bitch. Reach back here and let me see the whole
thing. Spread those cheeks. NOW!!" came the order.

      This was humiliating but the touch of the belt on her back convinced her
to do it. She now had no secretes as he pried around and with his pen light
looked into her holes. His gynecologists skills were not good but a pimp had to
look for scabs with every new or potential addition to his string.

      "Now stay like that till I see if I want you. Whenever you ain't doing
someone that is your position. You got that bitch." Donald commanded.

      She was mortified. She was to stay like this for this animal. No she
would rebel she would... He still had the belt and she was naked. She blushed
but stayed right there openly presenting to anyone who came in to the drawing.

      "Yho Donald... I sees you got the bitch eating out your hand already."
Montels voice said. Saundra stiffened but she feared of the consequences kept
her displaying to the gathering audience.

      "She done eat my dick... but badly. I going to have reconsider my price
for this old pussy. Look here it's all stretched and limp." Donald's voice said
with fingers stretching her virgina and ass hole for Mottles perusal.

      Saundra would have died right there if she could. Two niggers examining
and discussing her sex like a pig on the auction block. Donald dragged her up
to her knees to displayed her tits.

      "Hands behind and stretch those tits." Was ordered. She complied.

      "You see this is one sorry bitch and she is slow to respond to my belt. I
actually think she likes it. Did you find any wire hangers in your travels.
This bitch needs the extra encouragement?" Donald asked.

      She cringed at the Black hands on her precious mamories. Now what did he
mean about extra encouragement... and a coat hanger...??? She did not like the
belt, How dare he even think she was that kind.

      "Yea their is some in the maids closet, and judging from the dresses in
there I bet she be a winner. You can have two for one when we done here."
Montel said "I go get me some of those hangers so I can see the master at
work."

      Donald slapped her face and told her "Back to the present position,
Bitch. Maybe Montel like some of that saggy pussy or dirty ass hole."

      She complied. What choice did she have. She again had to hold herself
open for the perusal of anyone that they brought in.

      "Here you go." Montel said.

      A silence was followed by "Now this is what I used on balky bitches that
belong to me. You just slap it right in here." Donald said.

      Saundra's cunt exploded in a fire storm of hurt. She screamed and fell
over off the table. She tried to get up to run away from these crazy niggers.
She was pathetically trying to make progress with her legs stretched out to
avoid rubbing the labias which seemed to be on fire. She held both hands in her
crotch to protest herself.

      Donald leisurely back handed the pimp whip to her tits and now their fire
replaced the other as her main concern. She fell to her knees and fainted.

      "Man that gets results." Montel exclaimed.

      "Well their ain't no other way with this type of stupid bitch." Donald
answered. "Been one of my girls I'd of set her cunt hair on fire. That really
gets their attention and with each fuck they's remember their sins. Now let's
get this bitch back on the table."

      She slowly returned to consciousness, and saw she was still there, naked
with the niggars. The aches in her tits and cunt told her that no more would
she hang back. She was theirs. If they said it, she would do it. Donald had the
bent over hanger in his hand and just waving it convinced her that she would do
for him from now on.

      "I ain't tries her cunt or ass Montel. As you is inexperienced I make
allowances but why you not take the starch of that boner there." Donald said
indicating Montels crotch.

      "I ain't had me no ass for a long time and I never had a White ass ever.
I hope it don't lighted the color of my dick." Montel said as her positioned
his organ at the entrance of her ass hole. He forced it forward and got the
head in.

      Saundra cried, she hurt, the fire in her labia and tits were bad, but
that session with the whip convinced her that she was going to endure no matter
what. She drew a deep breath, shifted up some to allow the long Black dick easy
passage into her neither hole. Montel reared back and plunged the to the balls
in her. She rose up to it but the sight of Donald with his whip convinced her
to go back to her present position.

      "What you two studs be doing here?" Bula asked from the door. "That White
bitch enticing you good boys to a act against nature?"

      Bula strode over there and piered down as her sons dick sank into the
secrete hole. She reached over and pulled the ass cheeks further apart to ease
his entrance.

      "This is one dumb bitch. Donald I though that by now you would have had
her better trained than this." Bula squatted down and slapped Saundra's face.

      "You stretch that nasty hole of your'n and make it good for my little
boy. He got a lot to do today and he need his sex, even it it is from a honky
bitch." Bula went on.

      She was beyond hope. Now the whole troop were there to witness her
debauchery. She would spend the rest of her days in a church or at home. She
would never be able to hold her head up in public again.

      Montel spasumed and came with a gush. "That was OK but Ma I was doing ok
by myself. You just slowed it down."

      "Now I can't find a thing to wear in her closet. I need's to go shopping
in our town. After she tongue cleans your lovely dick as you can't go out with
me with no shitty dick, you get the car and bring the bitch and her purse."
Bula ordered

      Donald grabbed an arm and dragged her to the door. She started to
struggle. She could not go outside naked. She would not do it. Donald raised
the whip and she decided that her former inhibitions were for naught. She went
outside to the car.

      Montel opened the trunk and forced her in. "Now you be a good bitch, or
I'll have Donald look in on you with his little persuader. She was then plunged
into darkness. She heard sounds and the car start up but she did not offer any
resistance. The threat of that hanger was too fresh in her mind. She settled
down for a short ride.

      The trunk unlocked and creaked up about an inch. "Now close those eyes or
I have to gouge then eyeballs out. You be better off not seeing the people
here. They be of a low social status." Montels voice told her.

      She closed her eyes and heard the trunk open. A blind fold was secured to
insure her compliance to the order. Hands forced hers to her back and secured
them there with cord. Then hands grabbed her arm and forced her forward. She
shuffled forward and then stiffened when she heard.

      "Man look at the White bitch that Montels got. She all naked and shit" a
young voice said.

      "Yeah where you get this piece of tail." another voice commented and a
hand pinched her nipple.

      Where had he taken her? She was horrified that she was she new not where
and totally at their mercy. That seemed to be in short supply. She felt warm
pavement and then a tile floor beneath her feet.

      Bull's voice came out of the dark, "Rose this is the bitch I told you of.
She needs a make over. A full wax job and then I think corn rows, a platinum
blond and 6 or so ear piercing and whatever r you think would bring her to
acceptance in our community as a novice whore."

      "Girl this bitch needs the works, and I's just the girl that can give it
to her." Rose answered.

      Their was a shuffling of feet and Rose's voice came with a pull on her
arm. "You any good at pussy licking??"

      She was forced to her knees and her head was pulled to a tangle of hair
and fishy smell.

      "Now you don't be playing dumb with me. I got you for a make over and I
can do it the nice way or I can use my raise and make a Frankenstein monster.
You dig it girl." Rose's voice came out of the dark.

      NO!!!!! NO! this was too much. She was no lezzy. What were they doing to
her. She could not do this. Then she felt the metal scraping on her forehead.
This bitch would do it. She would cut Saundra's face. It was not fair, it was
not right... She stuck out her tongue and felt for the smelly folds that
required her attention. She was doing this but under protest.

      "You see you do know what's required of a pussy licker. Why I hear that
you'll society gals do this all day cause your men is such wimps. Montel tells
me that he going to bring me a fat White fuck for a make over soon. Probably be
someone related to you." Rose commented and forced Saundra's face deeper into
her pussy.

      "Now you don't be fooling around, find that clit and suck and lick it
till I's cum. We got work to do and this could cause me hurry my process and
that could be real painful for you, not to mentioning unbecomming."

      Saundra did as ordered and was rewarded with a nice face  full of sweet
girley cum. To her this was disgusting but Rose did not let her wipe it off,
she said it was some of her secrete ointments.

      For the rest of the afternoon Rose followed a pattern. Wax the legs, get
a little time on Saundra's face, Wax her cunt get the time on Saundra's face...

      For Saundra it seemed to go on forever. Rose's insatiable demands and the
treatments left her drained. Suddenly she tried to rise fro the chair she was
tied to as something stuck in her right tit. Then Rose's voice came to her from
the Black as a stuffing feeling came to her mammary gland.

      "Donald likes his whores to be big but flexible so we just injects the
silicone in direct." Rose's voice told her.

      Saundra's cries and objections forced Rose to gage her for the doing of
the other tit, but Rose competent workwoman that she was went on with out let
up. Next she took a fly swatter and viciously beat the filled tits. This caused
swelling that the silicone would use as a place to remain in the modified tit
flesh. Rose's treatment required few visits but the size was only limited by
the size the customers wanted. Donald like them LARGE and he paid well.

      Rose dragged her out of the chair and tied her spread across a horizontal
frame, in her dark back room. She removed the blindfold but quickly covered her
eyes with gause and went about shaving her head sides. When she was done
Saundra was a mowhalk, at least her hair was. Then she stripped the hair of
it's color and bleached it to a platinum color.

      "Yes sir you going o make a nice pussy for someone of the pimps around
here, if Donald's bottom lady let's you live long enough." Rose said as she
walked out of the room.

      She heard a discussion outside the room and then feet approached.

      "Come on man we gots to be quick here. Rose says that we only gets 5
minutes with the bitch for the money." Came a voice out of the dark and a dick
forced her dry hole to extend itself.

      Their was nothing she could do. Rose had whored her out to these niggers.
She'd fix them she would just lie there and let them find her like a piece of
liver.

      "She be dead meet man. This ain't worth nothing." Came a voice.

      Then Rose's voice said, "Now this is a new whore boys, you got's to start
her off. Just use this fly swatter on then fine tits. Now don't you be going
and use the handle. Just the swatter end and she give you a good ride I is
sure."

      Saundra's left felt the effect of the swatter first. She tried to void
this forever more by fucking these animals with all he real and imagined female
wiles. She just had to feel the dick in either of her holes and she went into
her act. Anything to avoid the swatter.

      The number of male organs she accommodated seemed to blur to her. Her
holes were sore but her tits hurt worse. Yes she was whoreing now. Just stick
in a prod and she fucked it.

                           More to follow............


                              BLKTAKE3.TXT -- 3/6

        This is a repost of the Black Takeover series due to requests to
               alt.sex.stories.d. I hope you enjoy it this time.

        ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
          The following contains nonconsensual sex, rape violence etc.

        If you are immature, underaged or offended by such, go on to the
                                 next posting.
        -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

                               BLACK TAKEOVER #3
                                   by Paladin
                             rpaladin@ix.netcom.com

      How long this went on she could not tell but finally Rose removed her gag
and lowered herself onto Saundra's face and said:

      "Now give me some more of that girley action before I got's to give you
back to Bula."

      The rough hands squeezing her tits convinced her that this was a part of
her whoring duties. She struggled to get he tongue into the demanding cunt and
moaned through the exercise. The horrible thing was she liked this better than
all the dicks before it. Was she a lezzy... or just tired. Again Rose gushed
onto her face.

      Rose replaced her blindfold and released her from the frame. While she
was still disoriented she pulled her to a chair and secured her there by the
arms, ankles, and then knees.

      Saundra's charms were there for all to see. She was so disoriented she
did not care. She was soo tired and fucked  she would gladly just gone to sleep
forever but this was not possible.

      "Girl you be crazy. What you be doing with our merchandise?" Bula's voice
came to her.

      "Girl I be advertising my abilities to the whole neighborhood. Let's let
the bitch see her admirers." Rose's voice said as her blindfold was removed.

      Saundra was seated naked with her legs held open in the front window of
Rose's Beauty Parlor. Their was a sea of Black faces jockeying to get a better
look at the new work of Rose's establishment. Saundra struggled and got
nowhere. Her red tits, her precious cunt were both displayed for all these
gawking niggers. It is her worst night mare. The little boys laughing and
making comments. She fainted dead away.

      The smelling salts brought her back to reality and her condition had not
changed.

      "Now we can leave you here with your fans or we can take you home."
Bula's voice came from behind her.

      "Please don't leave me here... Please don't leave me!!!" She begged her
captors. This crowd would tear her apart.

      Saundra meekly submitted to handcuffs  and was grateful for the covering
shower curtain Bula put over her. She followed her to the back door of Rose's,
after signing a credit card slip for $1000 for the make over.

      It was a drafty trip over to the store where Bula's new wardrobe was on
the counter. Saundra signed for this too. Then a trip to the hardware store
where a thick leather collar was fitted to her neck and others were attached to
her wrists and ankles. All the collars were of the design to be locked with
small pad locks. The locks went on the bill also.

      While in the hardware store a little boy came up and put his hand under
the shower curtain and inside Saundra's denuded cunt lips. Her scream and
jumped away this earned her a slap in the face and the comment from Bula,

      "Girl you don't be pulling that high and mighty shit here. They done seen
it and know what it is for. You got's to expect to give some free samples now
and then to keep good business relations." Saundra sniveled but knew that any
further comments would bring some other retaliation for her new masters.

      Bula bought a carpet beater and some other things and they went back to
the car.

      Montel led her to the trunk and took the shower curtain from her. Closed
the lid, leaving her in blessed darkness. She huddled here and shook from the
sensory overload that she had experienced. She was grateful for the respite.
 
      The drive did not give her long to rest. The trunk opened and grinning
Donald and Montel pulled her out in her own front yard. She gladly followed the
path to the front door to get out of the public eve. These niggars did not have
any sense. What if someone saw her?

      She went into the drawing room and their was a pussy in the 'present
position' as Donald  called it.

      Donald announced that Carmella had arrived home early and she was now
another of his charges.

      Her ass showed signs that she had been subjected to the persuader and as
would be expected, she had acquitted. She would be no more trouble to the new
masters.

      "Damn Donald they falling out of the woods for you today. This here one
got a lot of admirers back in the getto and I bet this little tight thing be a
real money maker for you'll." Montel commented running his hands inside the new
pussy lips. "Yes sir this is going to be tempting I'll bet even for John." He
added his hands straying to Carmellas ass hole.

      Saundra was beyond horror. Her mind just accepted the statis. Without
even being told she went and assumed her place on the coffee table. She had
decided that she would just do what was expected, anything more brought pain
and she was overloaded in that department.

      "The little bitch tells me that she came home to get a start for some
fancy bridge club this bitch had arranged for tomorrow." Donald related.

      "Why that be just the thing. Donald can you get some of the old winos and
young gang bangers to come over for right after the girls arrive? We give then
a party they really remember for their lasting days. Yea and get that Tom
something with his cameras so the proceedings be recorded for posterity."
Montel asked.

      "Yea that be a good idea. I go arrange it, if you think that you can care
for these here pussies." Donald answered.

      "I sure that moma and I be fine with the merchandise till you get back.
Where is that nigger John?" Montel asked.

      "He called says that the wimp is at a condo down town with another pussy.
Maybe we get that one too, What you say?" Donald answered.

      "This is getting to be a real big thing. I mean well sucks more pussy the
merrier." Montel answered.

      What? Saundra gasped, Rodney had a little cunt on the side??? When she
got her hands on him... She'd... Who is she kidding she was in no position to
do anything. She would just endure the fucking and sucking till these animals
were done. Anything else was wishful thinking and she needed her mind to
service this current predicament.

      Montel busied himself with the using of Carmellas mouth. He kept the
persuader in hand so she would really try to do his bidding. He was a happy
man. He didn't even go to the head to piss. He ordered and Carmella took it all
down and didn't spill a drop. She did glance now and then at the wire hanger,
that was her master, but she did not challenge anything. Montel just glanced at
Saundra's open subservient denuded cunt and thought of the good life from now
on.

      Bula came into the room wearing a hideous purple tent like shroud that
she proclaimed was the latest rage, and Montel, like a good son, comment that
it suited her.

      She sat in one of the over stuffed chairs and bellowed," Saundra get over
here. I need some mouth action to relax me for bed."

      Saundra crawled to her Black mistress. With each swing of her tits the
ache of their load of silicone seemed to add to the swelling from their
beating. It was like their were some balls lose inside the swelled orbs and the
movement accentuated the hurt. She finally arrived and tried to stabilize them
for the remainder of the task at hand.

      She pired into the narrelest, tangle of crinkley Black hair she had ever
laid her eyes on. She could not see the lips but the smell of stain piss, shit
and fish convinced her that this was her servicing job. <Why don't they just
kill me.> While she was contemplating this disgusting sight hands grabbed her
ears and forced her into the stinking mess. As the hair on Saundra head had
been shaved on the sides her ears make convenient handles.

      "Lots of tongue, just like you did for Rose. She tells me you be a real
find. Why she thinking of buying you for herself and setting you up in her back
room. She said she probably increase business some with you servicing the
womans in the waiting room and during the drying time." Bula commented.

      Saundra blushed when she remembered Rose's clean sweet smelling cunt as
she unfurled her tongue to start the odious task that lay ahead of her. She
dove in and held her breath, and tried to ignored the rotten thing she was
working on. She would endure this and then her mind pictured that sweet little
cunt she has seen on Carmella. She wondered what it would be like....She had to
stop thinking this way these were making an animal of her also. She could
not... would not... Then she got wet as she captured Bula's clit and went to
work thinking of Carmellas.

      A crack to her head brought her off her high without a cum.

      "You lick up and down, pussy eater, and then you do the holes starting at
the bottom. Now get working." Bula commanded.

      Saundra bent to the task and her tit load of silicon shifted causing her
to wince. She was truly sorry she ever had tits. They were the source of such
pain.

      She ministered to Bula's cunt for hours and Bula was coming like machine
gun. Surely the bitch would pass out soon, if not her tongue would fall off.

      She heard a commotion but the grip on her ears convinced her to just go
on with her assigned task. In her mind she cringed as Rodney's voice came as he
saw she and Carmella servicing the two Black animals.

      "What have you done to my wife." Rodney began.

      A scream followed as John came in behind him reached between his legs and
captured Rodney's manhood in an iron grip. John lifted and Rodney's anger and
outrage were replaced with fear and pain. Because John was behind him and
taller the captured organs became a handle on the smaller White man.

      Soon the pleading gave way to cries, then Rodney collapsed and John let
him slip to the floor.

      A slap to her ass told her that Saundra was being summoned.

      "Get over here and strip this sucker quick bitch."

      She hurriedly complied and John took Rodney's nuts and dick in a non slip
choke collar with leash. Handcuffed him behind his back and placed one of the
other collars bought at the hardware store. the cuffs were tied to the collar
and John bent down to examine the now imprisoned male organs.

      With a flick of his wrist the chain tightened and brought Rodney to
screaming alertness.

      "AWWWW AWWWW Please Stop You'll Pull them off. PLEASE I'LL DO
ANYTHING!!!!!" Rodney begged.

      "Now sucker you is going to hire back all the niggars. Don't talk else
wise I pull your chain and you be in a world o hurt sucker. Then you is going
to service me and the other brothers that like a nice sissy little White faggot
like you." John instructed.

      He grabbed Rodney's jaw and worked his fingers on the sides to force
Rodney's Jaw open. That done John reached in and examined the tongue he found
and proceeded to pinch and pull outside of its home.

      "This slimy thing better be longer and very talented. I likes my sissy
White boys able to clean me without the use of paper when I shit. When I was in
the can I had me a big White biker and in a day I had him trained to wear make
up and blow the brothers for cigarettes for me. I don't thing you be as
difficult as he was. I had to crush one o his balls at first to get his
attention. Do you think that be necessary?" John explained taking Rodney's
right ball in his left hand steadily gazing in Rodney's eye all the time.
Rodney looked down at the source of his gathering discomfort. The large Black
hands fingers were just holding and their was nothing he could do.

      One squeeze or twist and his manhood was history. Rodney began to sweat.
He was in his own house. He was supposed to be safe.  The blinding pain of a
gentle tug convinced him.

      "No Sir, Please don't I'll do what you say!" Rodney exclaimed.

                            More to follow.........


                              BLKTAKE4.TXT -- 4/6

        This is a repost of the Black Takeover series due to requests to
               alt.sex.stories.d. I hope you enjoy it this time.

        ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
          The following contains nonconsensual sex, rape violence etc.

        If you are immature, underaged or offended by such, go on to the
                                 next posting.
        -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

                               BLACK TAKEOVER #4
                                   by Paladin
                             rpaladin@ix.netcom.com

      "Now I likes to have all my little pussy mouths start out on my ass hole.
The do good there I gives then a mouth full of cum and I considered then ready
for the big turn out. Now you just dig that tongue into the old glory hole and
show me how much you love me." John ordered and gave a tug on the chain.

      Tears formed in Rodney's eyes, both from the pain and the humiliation.
Here in his own drawing room he was in front of his wife, maid and assorted
niggars he was going to do the ultimate degenerate act for a man. He wanted to
rebel but the throbbing in his balls convinced him that he would lick ass.

      "Now you look over at that little pussy mouth husband of yours and
encourage him." Bula ordered yanking Saundra ears to turn her to view the
proceedings. A slap to the back of her head encouraged her tongue,

      "Go on Pussy Mouth. You never were man enough for me." Saundra began, "I
always knew you were a faggot."

      "Lick that ass hole you freaking faggot." came from Carmella "What for
jew want to tough me? Jew queer faggot, I no want my ass done by no faggot
mother fucker."

      Rodney was stung by the comments but the steady pressure of the chain
caused him to go on. Much to his great shame he got a raging hard on.

      John looked down between his legs and smiled. This was what he wanted. He
turned around and grabbed the dick and balls in his massive hands. He
masturbated the dick and pulled the balls. Rodney went catatonic. His eyes
rolled back in his head. He came screaming because it hurt but it hurt soo
good.

      John, to push, him gave him a deep kiss and squeezed the balls harder and
harder. Rodney could not break loose and screamed into John's mouth. To the
cheering section it looked like true love while it was just misery for Rodney.

      When Rodney passed out John broke the kiss and said little faggot mother
fucker in love. I be his owner from now on. It be good to have the little
faggot to attend me and my friends.

      "Boy it be getting late." Montel suggested, "Let's be putting the pussies
out for the night, moma."

      He grabbed Carmella's hair and dragged her to the french doors.
Bula did the same with Saundra. There was a pair of chains strung 
from a couple of trees about 10 feet apart.

      Saundra's collar wad attached to one and Carmella's to the other. As the
chain was set high both women were required to stand. Their hands were joined
to the collars high up behind them and then they were gagged and another collar
was added to them.

      "Now I want to walk out and see my guard pussys walking up and down all
night. No baying at the moon and any stray pricks of pussy you send them to me,
but you be our display. If I find you shirking I be doing this." Montel added
as he pushed a button on a remote control.

      The remote signal cut off Saundra's breath. This was a shock collar. She
had seen them in stores to keep dogs at home. What she did not know was Donald
used a more powerful version on his bitches to cause then to hurry up or come
to him.

      Both girls attempted to sink to their knees but the taught chain and the
regular collars would not permit this either. They dug in their feet and
started their walk. They heard a scream and through the night this got weaker
and weaker.

      For the rest of the night Monel would periodically push the button to
encourage their walk. No slacking here. The cold, even the morning dew did not
cause them to shirk.

      They were freezing, covered in goose bumps and mist when Montel and
Donald brought them in. Neither had to be told where to go, they both went to
the coffee table and placed themselves next to Rodney in the present position.

      Rodney was in the present position but he was different. He had a hanging
member, shrunken, and slimy and his ass hold looked as if you could drive a
truck in it now. The cum leaking out gave testimony to the fact that Rodney had
not spent the night in comfort.

      "Now pussies, while we prepare for the party, we want you'll to work some
of the rough edges off old Rod here. This sucker be soo stupid he tried to
convince us to let him go and just keep you'll. We be equal opportunity though
and we kept him too. Now you Saundra be taking the strap on dildo and you play
fuck the faggot. Carmella you jack him till he be bout to cum and then," John
gave the clenched fist sign with a twist.

      That bastard, Saundra did not hesitate, she strapped on the dildo and
proceeded to drive its 13" long, 3" diameter solid member to Rodney's innerds.
She was madly driving and pulling back before Carmella could grab her charges
and twist.

      Rodney, without the adrenaline of anger, gave loud cries at the new
assault but he was gradually worked down till, in an hour, he just groaned and
groaned.

      Saundra and Carmella woke up and were trading places for the second time
when Donald came to relieve them of their duty. Ronald collapsed and was
secured to the coach leg.

      Donald lead the girls to the bathroom and had then bath for their guests.
He had Saundra shave Carmella pussy and brought them down to the receiving hall
about 10 am to receive their guests.

      Carmella collar was secured to a waiting eye bold in the hall. She was to
open the door and let the guests in and then slam it behind them to preclude
bolting. A small black male dressed like a penguin would spray them with pepper
spray and they would be lead into the drawing room.

      This was explained to Carmella and the coat hanger stroke to her pussy
guaranteed that she would nor fail. The boy, Patrick, had a hanger and was
allowed to stroke her for the slightest infraction of her duty. She did not
fail. Patrick had practiced with the spray robbing old ladies on the subway so
he was an expert. The first five guests were no problem and when the last two
brought their husbands, then the party became coed.

      The crying subdued women were stripped, collared gagged, chained and
fastened to the waiting eyebolts around the room. By 11 am all the invited
guests were accounted for. Montel called for the winos and gang bangers and the
orientation was began.

      Bula picked out a particularly arrogant looking bitch and Donald dragged
to the center of the room. He gave Saundra a long thick dildo with a bulb in
the center to secure to her cunt.

      Donald told hr "This looks like a real up tight bitch and the guests re
going to kneed a softer gentler set of holes so it is your job to open her
tight condition up for the party." He waived the pimp whip in front of
Saundra's eyes. "No time to waste just ram it home in her ass and then when I
say do the pussy hole. You got that."

      Saundra got behind Alicia, and rammed home her 'dick'. the ass holes
owner, unbelieving till now, tried to crawl away and or go flat. Donald applied
the whip to her clear white back. Reached under grabbed a nipple and stimulated
the situation and ordered, "Again, and this time put your back into it. She be
loving it."

      Saundra doubted it and the ball made the withdrawal harder than the
forestroke, but as ordered she pulled with all her might. It gradually became
easier. The holes muscles began to loosen around the invader.

      "Now do the cunt." came the order.

      Saundra pulled out with a sickening pop and the loosening ass again
experienced an unwanted invader. The muscles here were more accustomed to
penetration but this was not the usual fare of this hole. Big dicks yes, but
the size and the bulb was never experienced before. She went crazy. She pissed,
she shit, but the held nipple kept her there and the dildo forced her pussy to
lern a new skill.

      As before the going gradually eased off and the holes owner's gave up and
fainted, ammonia brought he back to experience the withdrawal and she was
reduced to a whimpering rag. Bula took charge of the opened whore and led the
bowl legged subdued wretch to the specially constructed rack outside for her
positioning.

      Bula secured her head to the rack about two feet off the grass and
released he right hand, captured it and secured it to the hacks section end
rod. The other hand went to the other end and was secured. Bula secured he
right led to the elevated end and had to pull the left leg to its place at it's
end of the rack section.

      The woman was now two feet off the grass, ass up , hanging from the
skeleton of steel. Her ample tits hung down and position guaranteed that she
was in constant discomfort. She would have gladly given half her wealth to
anyone who would kill that Saundra bitch. Her holes were more opened than she
had ever been and she shuttered at what that sadistic niggar would do next. He
would probably rape her.

      A scuffling sound attracted her attention to another female nude form as
it wad dragged over to the rack and positioned like herself on the hanging
rack. This one, she was not sure who was though position face up. The gage
insured she did not communicate her distress to the other bridge parties.

      The process was repeated till all the seven guests were hanging from the
iron pipes. A squealing of breaks told her someone had arrived. The police she
hoped. She hated the limits cops posed to he but here she needed one and as
usual they had not come.

      Her hopes were dashed as she beheld  collection of derelicts and tough
looking kids came into view.

      "Now gents these here pussys is provided for your entertainment by
Donald's Whores. These bitches is trying out. Saundra here be the madam for the
moment. You want it they be here to provide. They balk and Saundra here she
going to cause it to happen of Bula going to get to whip Saundra's pussy with
this here hanger."

      A cheer went up and the boys descended to the offered nudity's. Their was
some struggling but Sandy and the bulb dildo appeared and the girls quieted
down quick. Soon most of the boys were sawing at the sex organs they
designated. As their were about 20 males their were standing around fingering
breasts and hair.

      The women were catatonic. Sex was one thing but this was an orgy and they
were being treated like, like animals. Her first used her recently opened ass
hole and the throbbing began to burn. Her second went in her cunt but their was
still the burning.

      "Now that you all got your first few cums I going to open the mouths but
only to those brothers that have a slimy dick. So go the head of the pig you
want and wait for me to unlock the gag." said Donald.

                             More to come.........


                              BLKTAKE5.TXT -- 5/6

        This is a repost of the Black Takeover series due to requests to
               alt.sex.stories.d. I hope you enjoy it this time.

        ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
          The following contains nonconsensual sex, rape violence etc.

        If you are immature, underaged or offended by such, go on to the
                                 next posting.
        -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

                               BLACK TAKEOVER #5
                                   by Paladin
                             rpaladin@ix.netcom.com

      Donald came over with a hideously deformed slobbering idiot with a thick
slimy Black dick and started to unlock her gag. She tried to rear up, break her
bonds, anything, not this NO! NO!.

      "Saundra get over here and use your dick to calm this bitch." came
Donald's command.

      Saundra ran over and sank the dildo in to the bulb. She slipped and had
to regain he footing to penetrate further.

      Bula delivered a stroke to Saundra's ass insuring a speedy insertion to
calm the reluctant tyro cocksucker. The attempted scream was cutoff by the rush
of the idiots cock in her throat. The withdrawal of the dildo brought some
relief from that quarter but it was short lived. The dildo rammed home and the
lack of breadth cussed her to suck the dick deeper inside her oral organs.

      She shook and then relaxed if she did not do it this would kill her she
frantically worked he tongue and lips to signal her acceptance.

      Donald squatted by her ear and said, "You going be a good cocksucker or
do I have to convince you further?"

      She nodded emphatically that she would be a good cocksucker. She
convinced him. He smiled and the dick withdrew to he mouth. She sucked in the
sweetest air she had ever had. A tug on he nipple and she began to lick and
suck frantically. She was broken. She was his whore. She would dance naked in
the street if he ordered her. She....

      The scene was repeated over and over. The females were all taking an
active part in their debauchery. They were changed whores now the coming out
party initiated a new phase in Donald's business. These former society maidens
would labor now in the getto but in ways they would have though abhorrent in
their receding past.

      In the basement, John was working off the rough edges of Rodney's new
orientation. Witnessing this debasement were Jock and Miro, Husbands of two of
the newly training whores.

      They were striped and sat in lawn chair frames with no cushions or
webbing. Their nude state caused their privates to fall down through the
opening in the frame.

      John advanced on Jock and grasped his balls. Looking him in the eye John
squeezed the balls and smiling John asked,

      "You'll really are a sissy boy ain't ya?"

      Jock opened his mouth to scream and John covered it with his own. Jock
felt he had lost his mind. Here this niggar was going to tear his manhood off
and all the while he was kissing him on the mouth. Jock would rather die... but
dying was easy this went on and on. Jock fainted and John turned his attentions
to Miro.

      The squeezing had the desired effect. Both men went under before any
permanent damage had to be done. John was an expert at this. As he said he had
been called upon by many people to break a White boy that came into the cell
block. After he had the White biker eating cock for him he organized a string
of 'sissy boys' that kept him in cigarettes and candy bars till the day of his
release.

      John would have then daisy chaining in no time. Now where was the bitch
to open the asses of these new bees?

      As if on que Saundry with her strap on dildo arrived with Bula and her
dog whip. John smiled.

      Wasn't nothing more humiliating to a former man than being reamed with a
long fat dildo wielded by a pretty, slender bitch.

      John placed the ammonia under Jocks nose and forced the novice to
contiousness. He then turned the chair frame over so Jock was on his face and
John ordered,

      "Come here bitch and show this sissy boy what this hole is for from now
on."

      Saundra was horrified. She was to fuck Jocks ass hole. No she would not
do this. The sting of Bula's dog whip convinced her that maybe it would be
better if she went through with this. She knelt down and positioned the weapon
at the shrinking hole. She forced it to gain admittance, but stopped there.

      Bula reared back and smashed the whipped ass again. She had to get a
bigger persuader. This bitches ass was getting use to the little dog whip she
was using.

      "When John tells you to fuck, you shit for brains whore you fuck. Now let
me see some action on that dummy, Or I going get a metal one and tear you a new
ass hole." Bula commanded frustrated with the performance of her slave.

      Saundra got the message. She rammed it in and dragged it out but she had
been doing this all afternoon. She could hardly see straight. She went through
the motions to the screams of the ass holes owner and tried her best to keep
pace with Bula's strokes to her own ass.

      "Now pussy reach down there and twist those balls to make this sissy boy
know whats what." John ordered.

      Saundra grabbed the balls and found that Jock had a woodie from her
penetration of his ass. They were right  he was just a faggot. She twisted the
balls with increased vigor and fucked with renewed vigor. The dirty faggot
she'd get him and help these niggars open him to his new life. Yes sir she'd
make a sissy boy hole here.

      Jock was trying to faint but John kept the ammonia under his nose and he
could not escape the torture to his neither hole that seemed to go on and on.

      Saundra gave out after about a half hour and Bula was discussed. Jock was
finally allowed to drop from contiousness.

      "Bula this White bitch is too week to do the busting I needs here. What
say you strap on the dildo and ream this wimp here for me. I knows you can do
it and does it right." John asked, indicating Miro's virgin ass hole.

      Bula smiled. She had never done anything like this before but these ofay
bastards had fucked her and her kind for ever. Now she would get back at this
one. "Sure I think's I can do this with the spirit of the thing. Gime the thing
I going to see if I can make him a whole new hole."

      Myro pleaded, "Please don't let that woman at me I'll do anything. You
can have my wife, my house my car, any thing. NO! NO! Please I'll do anything.
Don't let her at my ass please. Please."

      John turned the shrieking new sissy boy over and Bula positioned the
cleaned off dildo at his ass hole. She smiled and then, in a move she saw the
wrestlers use, she power dived his ass. Myro tried to give but when he gave
Bula took that and more. She succeeded in slapping her fat stomach on his ass
cheeks.

      Bula rested and didn't have to be told to reach down and squeeze the
novices balls. Howls of protest came from the owner of the balls but the effect
encouraged Bula to drag the dummy out till only the head remained inside. She
power dived his ass again and the protests were only slightly less than before.
This time she pinched the left ball with her nails and the owners scream like
to deafened her. She reared back and commenced to sawing back and forth in the
blood and shit.

      Yes sir this was a satisfying day for her. Bula would see about the other
husbands when John collected them. Why she would like to have a bunch of White
sissy boys to work on for a while. This was fun.

      Like all good things though the day was too short. The sissy boys were
caged for the night and the new whores were blindfolded and taken to the
basement of Donald's building for the night. The cars were removed to a local
chop shop and the new masters retired for the night.

      Bula took Jock for her bed partner as she liked to feel and squeeze his
balls whenever the spirit moved her. She gave him his initial instruction in
pleasuring her ass hole. He was reluctant at first but a quick twist of his
balls convinced him he really wanted to please his new Black mistress.

      Montel took Saundra and had Rodney chained to the floor so he could
periodically put out his cigarette on Rodney's blistering dick. Saundra worked
her ass and mouth to please her new master.

      Donald went home to see that the new whores settled in to the nights
business. He gave his trusted whores the management of these new older White
whores. This was a step up to managment for them and they relished the
promotion.

      The novelty of older White novice whores sparked a landslide increase in
Donald's business. These whores cringed when a Black drunk came in and wanted
to ass fuck them. The new managers convinced the novices to do the required
deed but not without much slapping and screaming but their was really no
choice. The White whores had never been brutalized like the managers and were
new to anything that was done so the pain soon convinced then to do it no
matter what it was.

      John had Myro in the present position and when he seemed to lose
interest, John used steel tipped darts thrown full force in his ass to
invigorate him. Miro's balls were spared that night.

      In the morning John and Montel prepaired Rodney for work. They dressed
him in a business suit with no underware. They added some flairs and a bulb of
desil fuel wired to his dick and balls with a remote control.

      Montel explained to Rodney, "When we get there we are going to call a
meating of the staff and apoint me President and Chief Operating officer in
your absence. You are going on a long vacation with Saundra. For the duration I
will be in complete control of the company. If I get one word of protest of
balk out of you sucker, I push this button and your whole crotch will catch
fire. By the time the fire go out you be a cinder."

      No comments were forth coming as Rodney was gaged. He spent the ride to
the office on his knees between John's legs practicing his tongue techniques
and his speach to his staff.

      At the door to the conference room John stood guard and in the halls some
gang bangers waited if needed.

      All went well and the change of command was followed by stuned silence.
Rodney left immediately after Presenting Montel and John took him to his former
office.

      "Now that be a good sissy boy. Strip down and get under the desk. For the
first few days your new position be as cocksucker/assistant to the New
President. You be there to help the boy over the rough spots and sooth his
transition.

                              More to come.......


                              BLKTAKE6.TXT -- 6/6

        This is a repost of the Black Takeover series due to requests to
               alt.sex.stories.d. I hope you enjoy it this time.

        ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
          The following contains nonconsensual sex, rape violence etc.

        If you are immature, underaged or offended by such, go on to the
                                 next posting.
        -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

                               Black Takeover #6
                                   By Paladin
                             rpaladin@ix.netcom.com

      The changes at the company came slowly at first. All the secretaries were
removed and replaced by Black women and the old job holder assisted from
beneath the desk for a while with the work and pleasure of the new employee.

      When that was complete the executives were darkened in the same way.

      Montel the changed the company name to fit the new image. It became
"LaMumba Inc." Business went on but the firm got more and more contracts.
Competition seemed to melt away, with the help of John and the gang bangers.

      A competitors found key employees disappeared with their whole families.
The word went out bid against LaMumba at your peril.

      The benefits to the getto became apparent shortly. Their was an influx of
White whores in Donald's establishment and most Black families now had a White
nanny to keep care and aid with the education of the children. True they were
unwilling but after a visit to Rose for a makeover, or John's for
sissifacitation the new nanny soon became devoted to her/his duties.

      Rodney gradually lost his significance as a consultant, and so he had to
go. John collected him and began his training for his new life. For a month
straight one tooth was removed from his mouth. His fingers were sanded to
remove finger prints. His only escape was the cheep wine and the ass fucking he
got from Bula or one of the other Black women with larger and larger dildos.

      When he was finally ready John came down to his cage and before the rest
of the training and trained sissy White boys he fixed Rodney face down over a
frame and had Saundra tease / suck Rodney to the verge of a climax for a couple
of hours. Saundra had been warned that if he came her face would be burned to a
cinder.

      When Rodney was ready, in John's opinion, John came down with a tree limb
cutter from the hardware store and captured Rodney's balls in its curved blade.

      "Now You'll lookie here. This worthless lump done fucked up. He done
caused you'll to be here and so we going to get rid of him. He is an alcoholic.
Can't hold his shit. Got no teeth and no finger prints. We going to neuter his
sorry ass and then we going to let him go on skid row in another large city."

      Rodney screamed when his balls were removed and passed out. He had to be
revived for the removal of his dick and the suturing of the wounds. Then he was
dressed in some rags and driven to New York City where he was released with a
gallon of cheep wine in the Bowery section with the homeless bums.

      He drank some of the wine to fix himself up but the other bums took the
bottle away from him and beat him when he objected.

      When he came to consciousness he staggered to a police man and tried to
tell his story to the disinterested cop.

      "Look Mack, go some place and sleep it off. You are not making sense. I
mean look at you you are covered in filth. You have pissed on yourself. You
smell to high heaven. Don't bother me with fairy stories of being an executive.
Just go to that alley and stay off my beat or I'll go up side your head with my
stick."

      Rodney staggered over to the indicated alley and slumped down. His mind
was gone and he could not make anyone believe him. He tried from time to time
but all attempts were meat with the same skepticism. When he had a moment of
clear thought he rued the day he fired the Blacks from his company.

                                    THE END

                                  for now????

