                        "Toys will be Toys"..



   Our `camping' trip had been the ice-breaker for our "foursome", and
even though we "thoroughly" enjoyed each-other's wives, the girls had
tasted strange cock....`somehow it felt like unfinished business.  That
was before the answering machine message last tuesday:

   "Mike....`this is Lindy....just wondering if you're not doing anything
Saturday morning, if you'd bring Mindy over with you for "brunch" at our
house.....`anyway, get back to us soon as ya can....`Bye!"...

   Saturday Mindy had to work till "noon", but said that it was "fine
by her" if I went over `solo', and she joined us later.  As Mindy and I had
fucked ourselves senseless all night, I was "fried" on Saturday, when I woke
up and Mindy was "gone" to work.  I showered-up, made sure my face was smooth
so as not to irritate the girl's thighs, and brushed my teeth, so that I'd
be "irresistibly kissable" when I got to Tim and Lindy's place.  Mindy's note
on the breakfast bar was waiting for me as I headed out the door:  "Don't do
anything I wouldn't do, lover!!"  Love ya, Mindy..  I laughed as I grabbed the
car keys from the hook, and headed out the door..

   It was only about a half-hour trip to Tim and Lindy's place.  Tim's car
was in the driveway, but Lindy's was "gone".  Pulling in, I saw the lights
on in the kitchen window, so I walked up the path to the door, and pushed the
button next to the intercom.  After about a minute, Lindy's soft, seductive
voice asked "Who is it??", and I replied: "Mornin girl!!, it's me, Mike!!",
.."Mindy's at-work till noon, so I came over by myself!!"..

   After several minutes, the door opened.  Lindy was standing in the foyer
in a pair of white shorts, and a pink halter-top, "bare-foot"..  "Good Morn-
ing, Mike!!!", Lindy said, in her usual up-beat voice.  "C'mon in!!", "Tim
is at the grocery store, picking-up some things for brunch!!", she'd added.
I wondered why he'd taken Lindy's car...but thought nothing more about it
as I followed Lindy into the living room...eyeing her wonderful `ass'..

   "I hope he doesn't mind me comming-over by myself??", I asked, eyeing
Lindy's wonderful legs..  "Would hate to have to start without him!", I
chuckled, as Lindy's eyes searched mine for `intent'..  She shifted her
butt ever so slightly, and raised one leg over the other, giving me a view
to the blonde pussy hairs poking out around her sexy crotch, past her shorts,
...knowing full-well I would be looking.  "What did you have in mind??", she
playfully replied..  "I'm horny right now, with or without Tim here to watch
us!!"..  Her eyes flashed me a look of "well, what are you waiting for", and
I moved from the recliner, over next to her on the couch..

   We didn't waste time with preliminary small talk.  Lindy's long fingers
went right for the bulge in my jeans, and our mouths were glued to each-
other, as we passionately kissed as if we'd never have the chance again.
Feeling her nails gently moving in small circles over the tip of my penis,
I slowly moved my hand onto Lindy's long, smooth leg....`feeling her tremble
in `anticipation, as we kissed all the more "hungrily"..  When my fingers
got to the crotch of her shorts, not too surprisingly, I found her pussy was
"wet" and "creamy", and no panties to push aside as my finger massaged her
swollen, nubby clitoris.  `Opening her long legs, she shifted around so that
one leg was across my knees, and the other one was straight-out onto the
floor, giving me even more access to her anxious, `hot' love hole..

   "Umnnnnn!!", Lindy `growled' as my finger poked past her outer labia,
into her searing hot channel.  "UUUNNNNNhhhhh!", she moaned into my mouth,
as I continued to kiss her passionately, my middle finger in only to the
first knuckle, rotating around and around, spreading her slickness, testing
those hungry cuntal muscles which guarded her opening..  "OHHHHHhhh!!!",
Lindy `sighed' as I pushed my finger still deeper, seeking the tiny mouth
of her womb, deep within her..  My fingers on her lower back, gently 
tracing little lines on her spine, were making Lindy twist and gyrate, as
I touched the `small' of her back.  "Oh my God!", Lindy `gasped' as I
finally found her womb with my curious fingertip..  "God...you know just
what feels `good', Mike..", Lindy sighed as she momentarily broke our kiss
to savor the moment.  "..So damned deep up inside me!!", she sighs..

   Fingering Lindy's lovely vagina was making me feel impatient and "horny"
beyond anybody's imagination.  Looking into Lindy's eyes, as I tapped my
fingertip against her cervix, seeing her eyes dilate each time I made it 
onto that tingly knot deep inside her flat tummy, was making me "crazy" with
"unbridled lust" as Lindy began to kiss me excitedly and "passionately"..
Her hands were all over me..in my shirt, in my jeans, and we began to
feverishly "undress" each-other, my finger bringing her scent up with it.
Tim would more than likely "walk in", and find us on the couch, my hips
rocking in and out, his wife's long legs flung upwards in a "vee", her
toes curled in ecstasy...her eyes tightly closed, as I planted my thick,
copious wad of hot `jizz' in his wife's blonde, clasping pussy..

   "God-damn you, Mike!!"...Lindy squealed..."don't fuck with my emotions
like this!!"  "Don't fucking tease me!!", she snapped, as she lay back
down on the couch, opening her legs wide for me.  "Damn it..Fuck MEEE!", she
snorted, eyes "wild" and "passionate"..  "I want you in me..` NOW!!!"...

   I didn't need any pep-talk at this point.  The urgency in Lindy's voice
was enough...`as I knelt between her legs, letting her grasp my dick and
rub it between her slick labia..  She rubbed the broad head up and down over
her electrified clitoris, around it's hood, and fed me into her spasming cunt,
as I pushed my hips forward....feeling that wonderful feeling the first time
my thick cock goes into a girls hot cunt for the day..  "Uh huh!", she gasped,
as I began to slowly rotate my hips in circles, around and around, swirling 
my glistening shaft in dangerously exciting, wonderful `thrusts'
my throbbing dick finding spots inside her I hadn't been to yet..  Her hips
swiveled, staying with mine, gyrating her pelvis, moving back and forth, her
back arched so her pink nipples pointed toward the ceiling..  The tip of my
dick was sliding around the pear-shaped knot of her womb, smoothing-out the
deepest part of her tight vagina, and the incredible hotness and slickness
inside of Lindy was "maddening" as we screwed.  The only thing that seemed
to exist for Lindy and I, were her clasping, velvety slick pussy, and my
expanding, ever growing dick, deep inside her belly..  Raised up on my hands,
I just fell forward, and felt her `erect' nipples on her wonderful titties
digging into my chest, my hands going to her ass-cheeks to pull her onto me
harder, as her fingers dug into my ass.. God, `SHE IS GOOD!!, I thought.

   "You two seem to be having fun!!", Tim's voice rang-out, startling both
Lindy and I, jolting us, almost making my cock slip out of Lindy's pussy.
Neither of us heard the car door close, or the front door opening, and we
were too-far gone to stop where we were....as I envisioned holding Lindy's
hand as we both skipped gleefully toward "orgasm" together in our mind's eyes.
.."Oh Tim!!!".."Tim!!".."TIM!!"..."Mike's gonna make me come...`make me
cum.."..."OOhhhhh!!!..God...Mike...Tim....Oh...Oh...Oh....I'm gonnnnaaa...
CUMM!!", Lindy `grunted', as her hips flew out of control, and I felt the
sperm rocketing out of my throbbing, expanding prick, into Lindy's snatch..
"Ahhhhh!! God!!...Ahhhhh!!", Lindy `squealed' as I hunkered-down and began 
pulling my prick into direct contact with Lindy's hot `G' spot, and
drove my dick into it, spurting cream into her deepest recesses..  "OHHH!
OHHHH!!!Ohhhhh!!.....yesssssss!", Tim's orgasming wife cried, as we finished
in mutual climax.  Her toes were curled so "tight", they were turning white,
as she spread her legs as far apart as they'd go...  "Oh God!..Mike!!",
whinnied Lindy, as she was pulling me tightly against her shaking body..

   Tim and I took turns filling Lindy's cunt with creme that morning, and
when one of us would "cum", the other would simply take his place, and Lindy
continued to have "orgasm after mind-shattering orgasm" as we finally put
her on her hands and knees on the couch, and doggie fucked her until we 
had to get the K-Y jelly out, as our sperm simply wasn't enough to keep her
lubricated..  I thought to myself, "when Mindy gets here, neither of us is
going to be able to handle her, `too..", but I continued to "cum" in Lindy
until only a drop or two of semen would come out of me..  `Must've been on
the other side of 15-20 orgasms that I'd had in her, and I knew once Tim
started in on Lindy, he came inside her at-least as many times as I did,
judging by his "growls"..

   We were still fucking Lindy, this time with both of our cocks inside her,
mine in her cunt, and Tim's in her tight ass, when the door-bell rang.  Tim
and I both stopped thrusting momentarily, and Tim pulled his cock from his
wife's ass with an audible "plop" sound as he pulled away.  His dick pointed
the way to the door, as he went to let my wife, Mindy "in"..

   "Uh oh!", Mindy chuckled, as Tim greeted her with his erection, at the
door.  "C'mon in Mindy....we've uh...kinda started `brunch' without you",
he snickered.  "Take off your clothes dear, and `join' us!!", I yelled,
still humping up into Lindy's pussy.  "You won't believe what I've had these
two guys doing, Mindy!", Lindy gasped, as I continued to fuck her as my wife
undid her skirt and stepped out of it, as Tim unbuttoned her blouse..
"Oh yeah I would!", Mindy chortled...."I couldn't wait to get the hell over
here...`I knew you'd start without me!"

   "Why don't we move to the bed-room!", I said, and pulled my cock out of
Lindy, as she tried to put it back in..  "Yeah!...`the couch isn't roomy
enough to do all four of us!", Tim added.  "Of-course, you could fuck Mindy
right there on the carpet, in front of us..", Lindy sexily suggested.  "But
I like Mike's idea about getting into bed a lot more!", Lindy quipped.

   Once into the bedroom, I opened the drawer to the chest of drawers where
Lindy and Tim kept her vibrators and dildos..  "Here, `hon...Tim can push
this `monster' deep up into you, while I suck Lindy's juicy puss..", I
mused, as I showed her the studded, 12 inch long latex vibrator `cock' toy
that was on top of the rest.  Holding it to my nose, I could smell Lindy's
cuntal secretions on it, and said: "Lindy, you forgot to wash it off, didn't
you?", and she snapped "shit Mike...I just used it this morning, before you
interrupted me.."

   Lindy straddled me in a `69' as I lay on their bed, her pussy smelling
like K-Y and sperm, as I pulled her swollen labia apart and blew a kiss into
her sensitive cuntal tissues.. "OOHHHH!".."That feels GREAT!", Lindy gasped
as she continued to stroke my cock..  By this time, Mindy was on the bed, on
all fours, and Tim was tonguing her juicy blonde pussy the way I liked to,
using long strokes the full length of her cleft, from her ass to her clit,
occasionally stabbing his tongue up into her, his hands prying her ass-
cheeks, as he watched me intently...my tongue buried deep in his wife's
hot hole..

   "Finger fuck her while you eat her, Tim....Mindy loves that!!", I told
Tim, as he fingered her puckered anus.  "Yeah....push downward...feel for
that little bundle of nerves inside her cunt!!", I grunted, as Lindy took
me in, balls deep, into her throat..  "Yea!!, there ya go!", I added..

   The look of lust on Mindy's face was "intense" as Tim found her `G'
spot with his index finger.  Eyes tightly screwed-shut, tits heaving,
her ass swaying, she was the picture of pure lust..  I finally couldn't
stand it, had to have more of Lindy's cunt on my tongue, so I buried my
face in her as she mashed her crotch onto my suckling mouth..  "Oh yesssss!"
..."Oh..God Yesssss!!", Lindy growled, her hand stroking my flexing shaft
as she wiggled on my face.  "Oh God!!! YESSSSSSSSS!!!", she cried, and
her hips spasmed, pelvis snapping, my arms holding her onto me as I devoured
her goodness..

   Lindy and I came and came and came.  Pretty soon, we could hear the hot,
excited "grunts" of Mindy and Tim, as they began to "screw" next to us on
the bed.  Mindy's high-pitched wailing was making me "crazy" as I kept on
tongue massaging Lindy's clasping, spasming love tunnel for her..  For what
seemed like several hours, all you could hear were "groans", "grunts" and
"sqeals" as we went from orgasm to orgasm..

   "God...I can't come anymore!!", Lindy snorted, and hopped off my face.
Her whole body was still shivering from her last hot "release" on my
face and aching tongue.  "Mike...my pussy's too-sensitive", can we take a
little break, she asked me "shyly"..  "Sure, we can watch Tim and Mindy,
what do you think??"

   "That's a great idea!", Lindy laughed, as we just "hugged" and watched
Tim put Mindy's legs on his shoulders, and began going for the finish line,
as the bed-springs squealed and the headboard creaked...

   ....so much for "brunch"......I thought to myself..


more to "cum"


