MELROSE PLACE: BLONDAGE by Adrian Hunter

	I probably didn't need to tie a knot between every set of eyelets
when I laced up the leather arm binder, but Jane deserves nothing but the 
best.
	
	Especially as she seems to be on her best behavior.  Finally.
	
	And the knots certainly helped hold it together once I got over
her elbows.
	
	I crisscrossed the shoulder straps across her chest, pulled them
tight behind her, then buckled the ends to the back of the binder.
	
	I think she moaned, but it was hard to tell, what with the deluxe
trainer and all.  The guy at the Pleasure Chest was right; all the extra 
straps really made it special.  And the penis gag was a nice touch.
	
	Boy, she's sure unstable on those heels.  Glad I sprung for the
shoe locks.
	
	"Hold still, Jane.  This is the hard part."
	
	The thin chain started at the bottom of the binder where her hands
were laced into a tight ball.  It took a little work, but I eventually 
threaded it through the three hoops holding together her freshly-pierced 
labia.  From there, it was easy; up over her groin and stomach, then attach 
the end to the chain dangling between her new nipple rings.
	
	"Aren't you glad we practiced standing still?"
	
	I had to admit, the sculpted leather binder looked great wrapped
around Jane's well-toned legs from her ankles to the very top of her thighs,
although I'm afraid those knots are going to take forever to untie.  And I 
could tell by the way her butt bulged that I might have tugged the upper 
laces a bit too tight.  No great loss.
	
	When I stood back to admire my work, Jane glared at me with murder
in her eyes.  Like I really gave a shit.
	
	No, she'd had this coming for a long, long time.  And I was going
to make every second as miserable as possible.
	
	Extreme bondage suits her well.  The black leather plays well off
her milky skin and white blonde hair.  Great boobs, great butt . . . the
perfect pet.
	
	Here, pussy, pussy.
	
	I sat back on the couch and laughed out loud.  It had all been so 
impossibly easy.
	
	Jane had slugged down several glasses of wine, never aware each
one had been spiked with a ground-up Valium.
	
	Once she had crashed -- and I mean crashed -- it didn't take long
to lock her into the "Spanker's Delight" harness.  As she lay on the bed in
oblivion, I strapped the cuffs around her wrists and thighs, then worked on 
the chastity belt with its nasty plugs for her pussy and her asshole, and put 
it all together with some of Master's well-named padlocks.
	
	But it wasn't nearly enough.  No, nothing's good enough for
precious Jane.
	
	So I rolled her on her stomach, cuffed her ankles and locked them
with her wrists and thighs so her legs were bent back in a nice hogtie.
	
	The gag harness went on next, customized with two long chains
trailing off the strap across her forehead.  I pulled them backward so she 
had to look at the spot just below where the wall meets the ceiling, then 
locked the ends in the padlock with the cuffs.
	
	As a vibrator, it wasn't much, but it had come with some
interesting ticklers.  I slipped on the one with the long, stiff spines, 
turned in on low, and went to work first on her ass, then the soles of her 
feet.

	God, it took a while, but she finally woke up.  And boy, was she
hot.  In more ways than one.
	
	She really went to work on those plugs, arching her back and
pushing them deep into her no-longer-private places.  But then, maybe it had
something to do with those little metal studs on the ends of the whip's 
leather strips.
	
	"Hi, Jane," I said when I was tired.  "Aren't you glad to see me?"
	
	I could tell that she wasn't going to enjoy the rest of the day.
	
	After I convinced her that fighting back was a big mistake
(although I had to start heating the branding iron), I took off her 
restraints, let her eat a little food and made sure she attended to her 
biological needs.  Then we moved into the extra bedroom where I had hung the 
pulley from the ceiling and screwed two eyebolts into the floor.
	
	With her legs spread wide and her arms way up over her head, Jane 
looked like a cheerleader frozen in a jump.  Stretched to the max and
standing on her tiptoes, the best word to use to describe her muscles was 
tense.
	
	"I just hate body hair, don't you?"
	
	I took my time with the razor, especially around her pussy.  When
I was done, I really really wanted to whip her some more, but damn, there 
just wasn't enough time.
	
	Besides, piercing had its own rewards.
	
	And there we are.  Now it's just a matter of minutes before my
friends show up with their moving truck.
	
	Yes, it's time for Jane to leave Melrose Place.  Time to visit a
new place, a faraway land where men are men and women are, well, chattel.
	
	The doorbell rang.
	
	"Hello, Abdul.  Did you bring the check?"
	
	"Of course.  And the merchandise?"
	
	"Right behind me and ready for a first-class flight as luggage on
the midnight plane to Baghdad."
	
	"So I see.  Well, it's been a pleasure doing business with you,
Sidney."
	
	I gave the Iraqi my most lovable smile.
	
	"Can I interest you in another blonde?"
