			BLOOMING IN THE SPRING 
				  or
		       TOO MUCH OF A GOOD THING ?

			       Prologue

     "Cal, you know it bothers me when you do that.  Please look
at ME when we're talking."
     Mallory sounded irritated, and Cal realized he'd been, not
unobtrusively enough, staring at a woman walking nearby.  She was 
short and well curved.  Her chest especially stood out, which was what 
had caught Cal's eye.  Breasts were a fixation for Cal, something he'd
had since he'd first started to become sexually aware.  It was something
Mallory was well aware of, considering the lavish amount of attention
he gave to her rather modestly sized chest during their love making. 
The problem arose when his attention was caught by a more well endowed 
woman.  He had a hard time not staring.  He didn't neccesarily have a 
preference for busty women, rather he had an appreciation for all breasts.
Large chested women were more "visible",and therefore more inclined to
draw his attention.
     " I'm sorry Mal, I know I keep saying I'll do my best to stop,
 and I think I have been improving.  Please don't be too upset with me."
     "I've got to get back to campus, and I don't want to get into a 
fight about this again, but we need to figure out a solution.  Maybe
if I were bigger I could keep your attention focused on me." She 
replied, sounding a little less irritated, more joking.
     "That's silly Mal, you know how I feel about you love.
Considering all the flack coming down on breast enlargement these days
I don't think it's something you'd ever want to consider."
     "You know I'm only kidding, heaven knows I wouldn't want to go
through the hassle of surgery just to keep your eyes focused on me
constantly.  I know well enough I can get your full attention if I
really want to. 
    "Oops, I'm out of time, I've got to go dear."  She stood, picking 
up her jacket.
     "Speaking of attention," Cal said softly, "Shall I drop buy this 
evening and show you just how much of mine you have?"
     "Come by at 8, I'll be waiting for you.  And you'd better be
prepared to pay a lot of attention to make up for today."  She added.
     As he got up from the bench she stood up on tip-toe to kiss him
wetly, making sure to scrape her fingernails up his thigh under the 
cover of her coat. 

     Cal watched Mallory walk away, appreciating greatly the shape
of her behind, and the gentle sway of her hips.  He was startled out
of his reverie by a voice.
     "Excuse me sir, but I couldn't help but notice you and the young
lady enjoying this fine afternoon."
     Cal turned to look at the voices' source.  It was a grizzled 
old man wearing a large brimmed hat and pushing a small cart covered
with a variety of flowers.
     "Ah, young lovers in the spring.  A time of birth and growth.
A beautiful time to be in love, if I do say so myself."
     "Um, uuh, yea," said Cal, a little startled by the man's
forwardness.
     "Perhaps you'd like to purchase a flower for the young woman.
No one grows them larger or finer than I do my boy." 
     He gestured at the cart, and sure enough it did have a selection
of some of the largest flowers Cal had ever seen.  There were roses
and carnations with blooms as large as his spread hand, and a variety
of other flowers Cal didn't even recognize.
    He picked out the two largest red roses on the cart saying,
     "That's really good idea, I'm glad you happened by.  These
really are incredible flowers.  How do you get them so large though?"
     "Magick my boy, what else !"  The old man replied, then chuckled
loudly when Cal began laughing.
     "Here, why don't you take her these for her as well, as a gift
from me for brightening up this day even more."
     The old man reached into a small hidden drawer on the cart and
brought out a small cardboard box, sealed on each end with gold foil.
It simply said "Fine Mints" on each side of the box.
     "They're very fine, high quality confections my boy. I strongly
suggest she savor them, and don't gulp them all down at once", the
old man said as he turned his cart.
     "After all too much of a good thing can have its drawbacks." 
     Then he pushed his cart, wheels squeaking loudly, away around 
a bend in the path and was gone.

     Cal pulled up out front of Mallory's house at a few minutes
before 8, parked, and went up to the front door.  There was a note
on the door to him.
    It read: "I hope your attention span is at a peak, because I expect
to have all of it to myself tonight !  Come in, the door is open.
Love Mallory."
    Cal slowly pushed the door open and stepped into the hall.  He
draped his jacket over the coat hooks and ventured down the hall 
towards the living room, the only room with any light coming from it.
    He stepped into the doorway and the sight before him took his
breath away. The room was softly lit by a few candles, and there was
a pair of wine glasses on the table. Reclining on the sofa was a
vision of erotic beauty.  Mallory was wearing her long pink night-
shirt, the bottom of which almost went down to mid thigh.  At 5' 4"
in height and and weighing only 110 lbs, her small slender frame 
looked exquisite.  Her pale skin glowed in the candle light, and 
her light golden hair was flowing down around her shoulders.  
Cal walked towards her and she arched her back as she sat up, 
pushing her small firm breasts out, the nipples were just beginning
to harden.  Cal set the box of mints down on the table then knelt 
on the floor and presented the flowers to her. When she took them
he let his hands drift down and rest on her bare thighs, the soft 
smooth skin warm under his fingers.  She moaned appreciatively as
she set the flowers down on the table.  She then reached out and 
began unbuttoning his shirt.
    He slid his hands further up her legs, slowly pushing under the
hem of the night shirt.  As his fingers crept up her thighs towards 
her hips she began to pant and whimper faintly.  Suddenly he grabbed 
the bottom edge of the shirt and lifted as he stood.  He quickly
pulled it off over her head and arms and then took a step back.  As
he looked at her naked body, he felt his pulse quicken, and his cock 
began to harden.  Startled for only a moment she lay back on the 
couch, drawing one foot up along the other leg to her knee, opening
herself to him completely.  She let one hand rest on her inner thigh,
the hand beginning to slowly stroke up and down between her legs. The 
other hand drifted up between her small, firm, teacup shaped breasts,
where it began to tease her now fully hardened nipples.  The small 
pink points rising in little nubs up from the even paler pink aureole.
     "Strip for me lover."  She said in a husky whisper.
     Cal finished undoing his shirt, then kicked off his shoes.  She
admired the well defined muscles of his chest and arms as he lifted
each leg and removed his socks, then began undoing his pants.  She 
began rubbing herself a little faster as his pants dropped to the 
floor revealing his hard engorged cock confined only by a thin layer
of underwear.  He stepped towards her as he pushed his underwear down, letting
them slide down his legs then stepping out of them. As he 
stepped forward out of them Mallory sat up and grasped his now 
throbbing cock.  He groaned as first she blew gently on the tip,
and then began to lick it long and slowly.  After only a few moments 
of this she began to lower herself back down onto the couch, pulling 
him down by his penis.  She guided him slowly between her legs and 
brushed his tip up and down along her outer lips.  Both of them 
moaning now in a sate of high arousal Cal leaned over her and began
to gently tease her breasts with lips and tongue.  He moved slowly 
around, never quite touching her nipples, spending equal amounts of
time on each breast.  Their mutual restraint continued until almost
simultaneously he opened his mouth around one breast, and began 
devouring the nipple, while she slid him deep inside her body. She 
grabbed him tightly with her inner muscles as he began
to slowly push in and out of her. His mouth switched to her other
breast, licking, and worrying at nipple, the soft firm flesh of her
breast almost completely covered by his mouth when he opened wide.
She was so aroused already she began her first orgasm. She was 
moaning and whimpering, getting louder as her motions became more 
intense.  Her inner muscles were squeezing Cal with incredible
strength and he had to exert a considerable amount of control 
to keep from letting go too early.  With a last high pitched 
whimper Mallory went over the edge, her back arched and mouth open, 
gasping silently. Cal continued to slowly pump and tease her breasts 
until she came down. Even as she was recovering he kept at her, 
feeling his own threshold he tried to work her back to peak.  With 
the continued stimulation to her above and below she soon was caught 
up in the rising throws of another orgasm.  Moving faster and faster
inside her Cal began to let loose with an intense series of spasms.
The feeling of his warmth joining with hers, the incessant friction 
against her clit was enough to send Mallory over the edge once more, thrashing
and moaning along with Cal.
     After recovering for a while Mallory pulled a coverlet off the 
back of the sofa over them and sat up.
     "That was a lovely beginning, but I hope you realize the evening
is just beginning."  She grinned wickedly.
     She reached for the wine glasses as Cal sat up next to her,
the soft warmth of their bodies comforting them as cool air slipped
under the blanket around their shoulders.  She took a sip of hers as 
Cal took the other glass from her.  She suddenly snapped her head 
and sprayed wine across the table, making a gagging noise.  Cal 
quickly put his glass down and put his hands on her shoulders.
    "What is, what's wrong !?" he asked, a strong note of worry in 
his voice.
    In a voice distorted from spluttering she said,
     "Wine,  Aahh!  Blaahh!  Tastes horrible !"
     Sputtering she reached for the box of mints and ripped it open.
Cal picked up his glass and touched his tongue to the wine.  It
tasted like a mix of vinegar and turpentine.  It must have had a bad 
seal, no wonder she'd reacted so strongly.  As he set his glass back 
down she dumped the box of mints out and jammed a half a dozen into 
her mouth, chewing frantically to get rid of the horrible taste.  
After a few minutes she relaxed and sat back into the curve of Cals
arms.
    "Is that better ?", he asked.
    "Much," She replied, "It's a good thing you brought those, I think
I would have been sick if I'd hadn't gotten rid of that taste any sooner."
     They sat there in each others arms for a time, enjoying the 
warmth and presence.  Soon their hands began to wander to more
sensitive areas, and their kisses became longer and wetter.  Cal's
hands were sliding up over Mallorys breasts, starting to draw her 
nipples back to hardness, and she was stroking his organ again, 
feeling it stiffen up under her ministrations.  A wash of heat 
suddenly swept through Mallory and she groaned as her nipples went 
rock hard.  She turned around on Cal's lap and straddled him, her pert 
breasts thrusting into his face while her hands now worked feverishly 
on his cock.  Quickly she rose up and guided him into her, then she
began frantically pumping up and down on him, rising up and grinding
down with great force.  Cal began his play on her breasts again and 
the heat running through her seemed to increase.  In moments she was
shuddering through an intense orgasm, rocking and shaking on Cals cock.
As she came down she didn't stop moving but rather began pumping again 
with even more ferocity.  Her head arched back, hands pulling Cal into 
her chest she began screaming into an even more intense orgasm, sending
Cal over the edge too, his moans muffled on her chest.  The ecstasy 
lasted for several minutes before they began to calm down.  When the emotional
storm was finally over they sank into each others arms and
fell into an exhausted sleep.

     The next few days passed without incident.  Finals ended and
they began to plan a vacation trip to Cal's family cabin up north.
A few minor things occurred, which neither took notice of at first,
but that heralded a change in their lives of sizeable proportions.

     A few days later, while they were at a movie one evening,       
Mallory kept fidgeting.  When Cal asked her what's wrong she 
simply said that she must have a minor rash or something.
     The next day at lunch she was still uncomfortable, occasionally   
adjusting her bra-straps.
     "It's nothing really," she said, "it's just this top feels so
uncomfortable for some reason."
     "Can I help you off with it ?" he half leered at her.
     She playfully punched his arm and didn't say anything more
about it.  
     About a week later she called him up and asked him to come 
over to her house, she sounded a little odd but wouldn't say why.
     Cal hurried over, as much curious as worried.  She hadn't 
sounded sick or scared.  When he arrived he ran up to the door as 
Mallory opened it for him.
     "What's the matter Mal?. You sounded so odd over the phone."
     As she led him into the living room she spoke over her shoulder.
     "I'm not sure what to think about this."  She sounded puzzled,
more than anything else.
     In the living room she gestured for him to sit down.  He waited
patiently, knowing she'd prefer to do this at her own speed.
     "You know how I've had that rash the past week or so ?"
     He nodded.
     "I went to a dermatologist about it, since it was just getting
more and more annoying. He examined me and didn't find anything
wrong.  He gave me a lotion for the irritation, but said it was
being caused by chaffing, and perhaps I should try a looser bra
or even a sports bra for a while.  As I was getting dressed it hit me.
I don't know why I hadn't noticed it before, but I realized my bra
was too tight.  It's really weird, but my breasts have gotten larger.
I've never heard of such a thing happening to someone this far past
puberty, have you ?"
    "It does sound rather strange." Cal said after a few moments.
    "Are you sure it's not something like you washed your underwear
in the wrong temperature water or something ?"
     She shook her head immediately, saying,
     "I've even measured myself Cal.  I've been wearing a size 34B
bra for the past 5 years, now I fit, rather snugly, into a 34C !"
     With that she pulled her sweatshirt off to reveal the tight
fitting t-shirt underneath.  Cal looked closely and had to admit
she was right.  Whereas a week and a half ago her breasts had been
small and firm, fitting comfortably into the pal of his hand, they
where now noticeably larger.  He figured they would now fill his
cupped hand completely, and they still looked, without her bra, as
solid as before.
     Cal couldn't help becoming aroused as he gazed at this new
feature on his slender lover.  As he stared he saw the nipples 
begin to swell up under the thin shirt.
     Mallory stared down at her chest and then swung her gaze up 
to look Cal in the eye, a smoldering gleam beginning to form in her
own.
     "I hadn't planned on this happening dear, but I've also 
noticed that as they've grown in size, they've also gotten a lot
more sensitive."
     Cal just stared at her, his mouth going a little dry.
     "Now this is the kind of attention I like getting.  Perhaps
I shouldn't be too worried about this after all, maybe you won't
be so easily distracted by other women any more."  She smiled a
wicked smile, and started to slowly walk over to Cal.
     "Maybe you, uh, should, should go and, um, uh, see a doct, 
doctor, anyw, anyways.  J-Just in case."  he managed to stammer
out as she began s-l-o-w-l-y pulling her shirt up.
     "I did yesterday.  He said I'd get the test results by the 
end of the week.  In the meanwhile, though, why don't we both
enjoy them."
     She finished pulling her shirt off and her round firm breasts
were revealed to Cal's worshipful gaze.  She stepped directly in 
front of him and slowly pulled his head into her bosom.
     "Please me love, make love to me." she whispered. 
His tongue began to trace circles around her full, stiff, pink 
nipples.

     A few days later Cal and Mallory were out shopping.  They 
needed some supplies for the cabin, and Mallory needed some new
bras.
    It was in the lingerie shop that they realized things may have
just been beginning.
     "Cal," Mallory said quietly, "I think it's still happening."
She sounded both worried and excited at the same time.
     "What do you mean ?"  Are you still getting..."  He trailed off
as she nodded.
     "I tried on a 34C and it didn't fit !  I went to a 34D and it
fit, but it felt a little tight !"
     Cal just stared, a look mixed of consternation and interest.
     "What are you going to do ?" he asked.
     "Maybe I should just hold off for a while and wait for it to stop.
I feel awfully self conscious without one though.  People keep staring
at me."
     "If it bothers you that much," he answered, "why don't you get a 
couple of overlarge sweatshirts, they should help keep you a little 
more inconspicuous.  Although," he continued in a low seductive tone,
"I've rather enjoy staring myself !"
     She looked back, feeling the same heat rising in her that he must
have been feeling.  They stared hotly at each other for a few moments,
when they were brought back to earth by two other customers brushing 
past them.  Realizing that the mall was not the place to express the
feeling they were experiencing, they picked up their bags and left.

     The doctor's test results came in showing nothing wrong with Mallory
but he was mystified as to what was happening.  He left it by advising
Mallory to call him if she should begin to feel any unusual pains or
discomfort.

     The next five days passed in a flurry of amazement, excitement, 
and some of the most intense lovemaking either of them had ever
experienced.  Mallory's bosom showed no signs of slowing its' 
expansion, if anything it was getting larger faster.  They also
had grown so sensative Cal could sometimes bring Mallory to orgasm 
just by teasing her breasts.  The day before their trip they 
measured her at up to about 34G.  On her small frame they looked 
like a pair of volley balls under her loose sweat-shirt.
     That evening they were taking a walk through the park to relax
and discuss the ramifications of what was happening to her.
     "I'm not sure what to think about this yet." she was saying,
"It's certainly been exciting and all, but they are starting to get 
in the way of a lot of things.  I never dreamed it would be so difficult
to just put on a pair of shoes."
     She glanced down at her feet and and Cal saw what she meant.  Her
breasts were so big in relation to the rest of her she couldn't even
see her feet without leaning forward, a proposition that, while 
certainly attractive, posed some problems in terms of balance and center 
of gravity.
     She went on, "It's becoming uncomfortable to type for any amount
of time, and I'm also starting to get backaches.  These are things that
will probably just get worse as time goes by. But the thing that really
worries me is what if they don't stop growing !  It may seem ridiculous,
but what if it happens.  They're already a minor hindrance in so many
ways.  Can you imagine what it might be like if they get to 70, 80,
even 100 inches!"  She was shaking with the horror of the idea. 
     Cal thought about it for a moment, shaking his head.  While they 
were at this size, and even a little larger still, he didn't think the
problems were insurmountable.  Surgery was a possibility they had
talked about earlier, but that would only be possible if they did stop
growing.
     They had stopped walking and were standing face to face. Cal opened
his mouth to say something but was cut off by a familiar voice.
     "Calm down missy, it isn't all that bad."  The old man with the 
flower cart stood on the path in front of them.  There hadn't been any-
one in sight a moment ago, and there was no place for someone to have
been hiding.
      "The Change will stop eventually of its' own accord." He glanced
strongly at Cal, "Remember what I said about the mints boy? They're very fine,
high quality, I strongly suggest she savor them, and don't gulp 
them all down at once.  After all too much of a good thing can have its
drawbacks."  
     He looked now at Mallory and asked, "How many of them did you eat
at once ?"
     Mallory was as startled and shocked as Cal at the old man's 
seemingly impossible appearance, but she managed to reply in a halting
confused voice,
     "I, uh, I don't remem... Um, no, err, most of them ?  All but one
or two I think."
     The old man looked thoughtful for a moment, and in the silence
Mallory regained a measure of her composure.
    "Who are you ?  How do you know what we're talking about ?"  she
started to gat a little indignant, until he turned his gaze on her
again, so she finished up rather quietly, "and where did you come
from?"
     He smiled for a moment at them, and then answered, in a much less
intimidating tone.
     "Who am I ?  Just a flower seller, trying to bring a little more
beauty and happiness into people's lives.  It's just that sometimes my
methods are a little unorthodox.  I know of which you speak because I
am partially responsible for your condition."
     At the growing look of disbelief in their eyes he held up a hand 
as if to forestall any comments.  He then drew from mid air a small flower
and presented it to Mallory.  She took it, somewhat hesitantly, and 
they watched as he pulled a small vial from a drawer on his cart.  He 
sprinkled a few drops from the vial on the flower and they watched in
amazement as it slowly grew to fully three times its size in a matter
of minutes.
     He broke the stunned silence by saying, "I deal in renewal,
beauty, love, and growth.  I try to make people happy if I can, where
it seems they could be happier.  I've heard your conversations before
and thought I'd meddle in the hope of bringing you both a little 
closer together, you really are well suited for each other.
     "Had you not eaten so many of the 'mints' at once the Change would
still have occurred, but it would have been over a much longer period
of time, and it would not have been as drastic as this."
     After a few moments of silence Cal asked, " Can you do anything
to reverse it ?  How much longer will it go on before it stops ?"
     "Oh it should stop within a week or so, although the growth rate
will continue to accelerate for the next few days.  As for reversing
the process ?  Probably, but only if it's what you want to do Miss
Mallory."  He looked intently at her.
     She looked down at herself, thinking about the experiences of the 
past few weeks, weighing the good against the bad.
     "What do we have to do to reverse it ?"  she asked quietly.
     "Nothing really."  the old man replied, "Just go off on your
holiday, and enjoy yourselves.  When you get back, come meet me here
and I'll give you something to remove the effects, if that is still 
your desire."
      She looked long into Cals' eyes, then said, "We'll meet you 
here in a week with our answer.  I think we need to see how things 
will work out 'til then."
     "Fair enough, enjoy your trip."
     But when they turned to say goodbye he was already gone.

    The next morning Cal picked Mallory up bright and early.  She 
was wearing a large baggy flannel shirt, untucked to conceal her 
figure as much as possible.  She had a lusty, playful gleam in her 
eye as they loaded her gear for the trip.
     The 8 hour drive was sheer torture for Cal.  Mallory had 
undone the top two buttons of the shirt and when he could sneak a 
glance away from the road he could see her stretching or gently 
stroking herself through the shirt.  Even under the loose flannel
Cal could catch occassional views of her hardened nipples as they
drove.  When Mallory took her turns driving she insisted he keep
his hands to himself so she wouldn't be distracted while driving,
but then unbuttoned two more buttons on the shirt, saying
     "34I and 43" dearest, and they're s-o-o sensitive that if I don't keep 
the shirt loose I'm likely to orgasm because of the friction from 
bouncing around in the car."
      With the window down the wind would pull the shirt almost 
completely open, affording Cal an awesome view of Mallorys massive 
breasts.  It took all the willpower he could muster, and an occasional
scolding slap, to keep his hands and lips off those incredibly tempting
mounds.
     It seemed as if Mallory was determined to discover all the
ramifications of her condition, seeing just how far she was willing 
to go.  Having said that other people staring made her uncomfortable,
she decided to try and make people stare, instead of being a passive
receiver she went out of her way to be noticed.  At all the rest
stops and gas stations along the way she made sure she got a good
thorough stretch outside the car, with 3 buttons undone on her shirt.
The reactions were mixed, but she seemed to revel in the attention.
At one gas station a trucker, too involved in watching her arch 
and stretch her back, ran up over the back half of a Fiero, whose
owner didn't notice for a few moments having been distracted by the
same incredible sight.  She took great delight in 'accidentally'
dropping her wallet or anything else that required her to bend over,
since invariably she fell mostly out of the shirt when doing so.
Even on the road she would pull up and drive side by side with 
other vehicles for a while, once almost getting them run off the
road by a group of college jocks who kept trying to get closer to
see better.
							      
     Upon their arrival at the secluded lakeside cabin, Mallory
extended the teasing as far as she could.
    "Why don't you start unloading our stuff, while I go and open
up the cabin."  
    She said this while staying on the other side of the car from 
Cal, so he couldn't make a grab for her, while she finished 
unbuttoning the shirt.  She turned and walked away before he could
get a good look, but as she walked away the sides of her breasts 
were clearly visible from behind, still as firm as they had been
originally, they only swayed and bounced a little as she glided away.
     Cal decided to play along with her teasing, knowing he'd have
his chance to get back at her.
     As he walked in the open door the first thing he saw was her
shirt draped over a kitchen chair, then he heard her call out from
the front room.
     "Darling, you should see the view out here, it really is
breathtaking."
     He walked into the next room and saw her sitting, profiled,
in the bay-window seat.
     "God, she's magnificent !" he thought to himself.
     He walked up to the window and, somehow, without looking
directly at her, looked out the window at the lakeshore down 
the hill.
     "It certainly is lovely." he said quietly.
     Out of the corner of his eye he could see her sit up straight,
obviously a bit indignant at his willpower.  She stood and moved
behind him.  He felt her massive firm softness press against his
back before her arms came around his waist.
     "Well I hope I don't disturb your enjoyment of it, let me know 
if I should stop." she purred into his ear.
    He felt one hand glide down to the front of his jeans, while
the other began loosening his belt.  She was rubbing herself against
his back and he could feel her swollen nipples, now as big as the 
tip of his thumb, sliding up and down in time with her hand on his
swelling member.  She was moaning with pleasure as she finally 
lowered his pants and underwear to the floor, while he pulled his 
shirt over his head.  She wrapped both hands around his fully
hardened cock and began a maddening rhythm, moving in time to her
sliding tips.  With one hand he grabbed the window frame for support
and with the other reached back and began fingering her.  In moments 
she began  gasping and heaving, her body wracked by a massive 
series of orgasms that lasted for almost 5 minutes.  While she was
recovering, Cal guided her around in front of him and helped her to 
a kneeling position, with her arms resting on the window seat.  He
knelt behind her and gently stroked and massaged her back while she
caught her breath.  As she came back down his hands began moving 
along her sides, then slowly up the sides of her breasts, softly
stroking and caressing.  He moved down under them, still marveling 
that anything so large could be so firm.  He began nuzzling at her
neck and ears as his hands moved up the front of her breasts, still
stroking softly, but avoiding her sensitive tips.  She began to 
hmm and mrrr deep in her throat.
     "Oh yes-s-s lover, touch me !  Please, give me more-e-e !
Ohh, yes-s-s, yes my love, o-h-h-h!"  She was groaning as she spoke.
     He boosted her up out of a crouch so she had to use her arms
to support her body on the seat.  His hands slid down to her legs
and urged them apart.  He slid his still erect cock between her thighs
and began rubbing it along her outer lips.  The moisture from her 
first orgasm quickly coated him, and he began to slowly press in and 
out of her a little at a time, getting a deeper with each thrust.  His
hands slid back up to her breasts where they began to work on her 
in earnest, squeezing, pulling, and teasing.  She was moaning and
panting now, begging him to move faster and deeper.
     "Yess, oh god, oh yes, faster please faster !  Oh darling
please ! Oh Oh OH !  NO !  Please don't stop !  Please !"
     Cal waited for a few moments and then began again, slowly
teasing and taunting her.  Bringing her closer and closer, then
stopping before she could peak.  He kept this up for close to 
fifteen minutes.  Mallory could hardly speak, she was arched
and rigid, whimpering,
     "Please oh please, don't stop, please please, p-l-e-a-s-e !"
     Finally it was too much for Cal; The heat and tightness, her 
constant whimpering and moaning, coupled with the day long teasing.
It at last proved too much and he began thrusting in earnest.
     "Yes Mal, feel it, feel it, let it go ! Oh YESS!"
     "Oh Oh Oh Cal, yes yes OH YES OHHHH !!!!!"
    They rocked and wracked together moaning and crying their joy
for a long time.  When they eventually recovered enough to move
they slowly helped each other up and staggered into the bedroom
where they immediately dropped into an exhausted slumber.

     Sometime during the night Cal awoke from a dream of warm 
suffocation to find it a reality.  Mallory was riding him up and
down while sliding her basketball sized breasts across his face.
When he realized what was happening, through the sleep haze, he
started nipping and tonguing her breasts as they moved across him.
This proved to be enough to send Mallory over the edge into orgasm
again.  As she slowed he began thrusting back against her while
he captured one nipple in his mouth.  To his amazement he could 
actually tell that it was larger now than it had been last night.
As he clamped down on it Mallory went back into the throws of orgasm.
This time Cal joined her as she screamed her pleasure to the world.

The next moring Cal woke up alone.  Hearing a noise from the    
kitchen he pulled on a pair of shorts and went to find Mallory.
     She was leaning with her back against the refrigerator, head 
thrown back, and eyes closed.  Her terry cloth robe was open from
the waist up and her delicate arms were cradling her breasts, her
hands clenched around her nipples.
     She looked at him dreamily as her orgasm subsided.
     "Sorry you weren't here to help with that one dear.  It's just
they're so sensitive right now.  My robe was rubbing against 
them as I moved around, and it felt so rough and exciting, the next 
thing I knew it was happening again."
     He moved over to her, cupping his hands over hers, helping her
stimulate herself.
     "I didn't mind, it was rather nice to watch it, though I hope
I can help out the next time around."
     She had started to whimper again but she somehow lifted both 
of their hands away.
     "We've got to eat sometime Cal, or we wont have the energy
to keep up this pace."
     Reluctantly he moved away and she pulled her robe back around
herself, albeit so loosely there was more of her showing than covered.
     "Why don't you sit down and relax where I can admire the view, and
I'll fix something."  He told her.
     She took a seat at the table and leaned back, pulling her robe 
open a little more.
     "Don't let me distract you dear, it would be a shame to burn one
of those talented hands because you weren't paying attention to what
you're doing."  She licked her lips slowly with the tip of her tongue.

     Breakfast was quick and only slightly burned, and in less than 
half an hour they were back in the bedroom.  
     Mallory's heightend sensitivity made for a day of wracking and
convulsive orgasms.  Although Cal could only cum a couple of times 
over the course of the day he delighted in bringing Mallory to successive
multiple orgasms in a short period of time.  After countless hours of
this they fell into an exhausted sleep. 

     Cal slept with her, but woke before she did.  He took the time  
to unpack all the other things they'd brought then fixed a couple of
meals to cook or re-heat later, figuring to save time on their meal
breaks between times in the bedroom.
     Hearing her stir after a while he took breakfast into the 
bedroom for her.  She looked so innocent and appealing curled up 
under the covers that for a moment he forgot the incredible body the
sheets hid from view.  Then she sat up to give him a good morning hug
that, as the sheets slipped down, turned into a long sensual kissing
and fondling.  They managed to tear away from each other so she could
eat.  They decided to take it easy for a while so they could both 
recover from the exertions of the past couple of days.  They dressed
and took a short hike along the lakeshore.  After a few hours they
wound up back at the cabin and had an early dinner.  There was an 
air of tension in they air as they both started eyeing each other
in a heated fashion.  They managed to do the dishes and get
them put away before their control slipped completely away.
     In the living room they slowly took each other into their
arms for a long slow embrace, then moved slightly apart as Cal's
gaze travelled slowly down from her delicate lovely face.
Her breasts swelled massively up from her small frame.  As Cal
brushed a hand down her cheek to her collar she let out a faint
sigh.  When his hand reached the top button of the shirt the sigh 
turned into a throaty purr.  As he slowly slipped the top button
open he saw her nipples start to harden and rise up, visible
even under the soft thick flannel of her shirt.  He slid his hand down 
to the next button, a finger inside the shirt sliding in the deep
crevice of her cleavage.  He released the second button, and felt 
her hand begging to slowly stroke his rising member through his 
jeans.  As the third button was released her incredible breasts
began to force the shirt open.  The shirt had been a snug fit when
she'd put it on that morning, but her bosom had grown visibly since
then putting a strain on the buttons holding her in.  As Cal freed 
the 4th button her breasts forced themselves free of the shirt,
popping the last few buttons off as they burst out of their 
confinement.  Mallory grabbed a hold of Cal's fully stiffend rod
with one hand and, still purring deep in her throat, pulled his
jeans open with the other.  Cal placed his hands under Mallory's
glorious breasts, and slowly stroked up to her prominent nipples
where he began to slowly stroke and tease them.  Mallory's breath 
began to come in short panting gasps.  She pushed his pants and
underwear part way down his legs and and began to stroke him
with both hands, using long slow strokes.  Cal began to growl 
deep in his throat, in counterpoint to the higher pitched whimpers
Mallory was now emitting.  He continued to stroke and pull on
one nipple and took the other between his lips, gently
worrying it with his lips.  This sent Mallory over the edge in a
crashing orgasm.  She pressed his head into her softness with
one hand, but continued to stroke him with the other even as
she shuddered through her orgasm.  She had barely recovered when 
the feelings Cal was giving her in her chest began to wind her 
up again.  She gently pushed him away and began to kneel down,
sliding his pants and underwear the rest of the way off.  She made
sure that his long hard cock slid in between her breasts as she
did this, and then kept it there.  She began to slide her breasts
around him with her hands, causing his groans to become short deep
breaths.  She pushed down and closer to him until the tip of his
organ appeared between her breasts, just below her chin, and she 
reached out with her tongue.  She licked it slowly and tenderly, 
running circles around the head with her tongue tip.
    "I can't hold back !", he gasped.
    She pushed her mouth down over him, swallowing down to the base
of his cock and then sucked powerfully.  He jerked and spasmed 
strongly, shooting down her throat as she swallowed and moaned around
him.  His voice was choked and gasping,
    "Oh God !  Mallory !  Oh yess-s-s !  Ooohh ! YES-S-S-S!!"
     He pulled out of her mouth and helped her to her feet, still panting
slowly.  He went to kiss her but she pushed him away and circled around to
the bed.  He began pulling his shirt off as she dropped her shorts to the
floor.  She wasn't wearing any panties, and he could smell her powerful
arousal.  She stretched, arching her back, and her firm, incredible
breasts swelled forward.  As if offering themselves to him.  Just
yesterday they'd measured her at about 46" and a 34L cup, and she had still 
been growing!  Her small frame made her already incredible bust seem even
larger. To Cal it was the most erotic sight he could conceive of!  He was
already fully hard again and couldn't wait to get inside her.  He moved
onto the bed and lay down on his back.  She crawled up over him, sliding
her nipples up his body, from ankle to head, then back down again.  She
moved slowly back up, pausing to slide her hot wet mouth down over him,
taking him all the way down and up, down and up.  He gasped and ran his
fingers through her long silky hair.  She slid off him then moved up,
kneeling astride him. She brought his hands up to her breasts and groaned
as he started to fondle them.  She slid herself down on him, all the way
down in a single slow glide.  She began to rock up and down on his length.
Her breasts, larger now than either of them had imagined possible, were
swaying with the motion.  It was the most erotic feeling either of them
had ever experienced.  She lowered her torso down so her breasts were
gently swaying just above his lips.  He began to gently lick and caress
around her around her nipples, now as big around as quarters.  As she
moved a little faster on him, he began to edge in to the nipples
themselves, just brushing them at first.  As he moved even faster and got
louder he took more and more of her nipples into his mouth, moving from
one to the other in time with her riding motion.  They both felt rising
within themselves a peak beyond belief. They made no sound, but their
breath began to pant quickly in and out. The tide of orgasm rose and
built, taking them higher and higher.  It was beyond anything they'd ever
experienced.  As it peaked they let out a harsh scream, baritone and
soprano mixing together as the wave of lust crashed around them, carrying
them on a tide of pleasure and joy.  They began rocking and grinding
together as it continued on and on, until they had no breath left to
scream and no strength left to move.  Slowly the intensity receded and
they let exhaustion claim them. 

     Cal awoke to a breathtaking site the next morning.  Laying   
next to, stretched out on her side was Mallory in all her glory.
The sheet was pulled down to her hips, and her soft pale skin had
a rosy glow from the morning sun coming through the window.  Cal
was alongside her and a little further from the headboard.  The 
result of this being her breasts were directly in front of his face.
He just stared astonished and admiringly at them for a long time.
He tried to come up with a comparison in size and finally the word
"watermelons" popped into his head.  After a few moments thought he
amended that  to "big watermelons".
    He reached out with one hand and began to stroke one of them,
as gently as he could.  Mallory murmured in her sleep, but didn't 
wake up.  Soon her nipples started to respond to his slow caress and
began rising.  In moments they reached their full size, pushing out 
from the three inch wide aureole at least a full inch.  Cal moved
in a little closer, slowly and gently pursing his lips around one, as
his hand continued to quietly tease the other.  Mallory's breathing 
began to quicken, but she still did not wake up.  Cal worked over
her nipples for ten or fifteen minutes without waking her.  He
moved his other hand gently between her legs and began working
in between her lips.  She was already very wet and warm, and 
became even more so as he continued his ministrations.  She continued 
to mutter and moan in her sleep and then went into a quiet slow orgasm.
Even this did not wake her up, so Cal figured she really needed her 
sleep and went to prepare breakfast.
     He grabbed the shirt she'd worn yesterday and sewed some new
buttons on for her, wondering if the shirt would still fit her today,
then he started on breakfast.
     After about twenty minutes he heard the shower start up but
managed to convince himself to finish cooking, even though he very
much wanted to join her in the shower and help her wash herself while
she did the same for him.  Just thinking about her incredible body 
under the warm spray started to arouse him again.
     He had been fantasizing for a few minutes when he heard her call
from the bedroom, not having the noticed the water stop running.              
	   
    "I think I may have a problem love"  she called out.
    "What's that ?" he asked, coming back into the bedroom.
   She turned to face him wearing shorts and her oversized flannel
shirt.  The shirt had only the bottom five buttons done up, leaving
the top third of the shirt open.
     "It's a beautiful sight Mal, but what's the problem ?" he asked.
     In response Mallory inhaled deeply and pulled her shoulders
back a little.  In response the buttons popped off:  One, two, three,
four, five.  Leaving the shirt hanging open, barely covering half her
chest.
     "The problem is dear, that was my largest shirt. I don't have any 
other shirts that will fit."
     Feeling himself begin to 'rise to the occasion' Cal answered back,
     "I don't see where the problem is in that, I rather prefer this
view."  He grinned wickedly.
     Slowly running her hands along the undersides of her breasts she
replied, "It will be a problem when we go home.  People were staring
at me enough as it was.  If I go back wearing only my pants, and
looking like this, I'm likely to either get arrested, or cause a 
riot, or maybe even both.  Besides, I don't mind so much anymore some 
people catching a quick view here and there, but I only want to share
this kind of 'exposure' with you."
    "What about your night-shirt ?" he asked.
Mallory tried on her long night shirt.  Normally it came down to 
mid-thigh on her, but now it was riding up above her stomach.  When
she stretched her arms over her head it slowly slid up until the 
undersides of her breasts were clearly visible.
     She grasped the hem of the shirt and began pulling it up as
if to remove it.  When it slipped past her nipples, she gave
out a slight moan and lowered it just below them as they hardened.
She began to slide the edge of the shirt up and down over her rising
nipples, giving out little gasps as the fabric tugged at them on each 
pass.
     "I guess, uh, I'll just have, ohh, to go without, mmm, a shirt
for now dear, ohh-mmmm.  We'll, ahhh, figure something, mmmm, out later."
     Already aroused by his own imagination, Cal began trembling at
the sight and sound of this.
     "Please touch me love, ohhh, I need you so badly,  aaahh, right
now !"
    He had been reveling in the sight of Mallorys chest, and getting
harder as she played with her nipples.  At her request he dropped his
shorts and moved over to help her off with hers, running his lips and
tongue along the top of her breasts.  He worked his way along them to her
lips, having to stretch his neck forward a little awkwardly to reach past
her chest.  Their hands intertwined, then slipped past each other as each
of them reached for the others groin.  They began to tease each other, play-
fully and quickly pulling, stroking, and rubbing.  Their breathing became
deeper and faster as Cal worked his mouth down to Mallory's rigid peaks.
She moaned and arched her back for a few moments then pushed him slightly
away.  She sank to her knees, dragging her nipples temptingly down Cal's
body.  She slid his rigid cock quickly through her cleavage, then sank
her mouth around him.  Without any buildup she took him as deep as she
could, rising up and down on him quickly and without mercy, and circling
her tongue rapidly around the tip on every drawback.  Cal had gone rigid,
his whole body arched in pleasure while his hands clenched her shoulders.
     Feeling him on the verge of loosing control, Mallory pulled off of
him.  She wrapped one hand around him to keep him still and looked up.
His face was set in a grimace and his lips were working silently.
"please, please ,please !"  she thought he was mouthing.  She watched him
for a few moments then decided it was time to take pity on him.  Feeling
that he'd lost hardly any stiffness in his cock, she moved back a little
and began to rub the the tip around her nipples.  He was slippery from her
saliva and his pre-cum, and the sensations around her nipples went 
straight to her clit.  She closed her eyes as she worked him and slipped
her other hand down to her own wetness.  She worked a couple of fingers
into herself and began stroking in time to her manipulations of Cal.  
They both began panting and moaning, faster and faster.  She leaned
forward, letting go of Cal as he slipped into her cleavage.  He began
pushing in and out between her breasts as his hands slid down and grasped
her nipples, pulling her breasts even closer together around himself.
Feeling herself about to orgasm, Mallory stood up suddenly, and pushed
Cal back onto the bed.  She moved up, straddling him, and then in one
quick thrust pushed herself down around him.  He began to buck up and
down in time with her thrusts.  When he reached up and began pulling on
her nipples Mallory lost all control.  She ground herself down into his
pubic bone and began making short rapid thrusts.  Cal pulled her breasts
down over his face, kneading and biting as much of them as he could reach.
A few seconds later their orgasms hit, in a simultaneous peak.  Thrashing
and screaming, they came together feeling the waves of pleasure arcing
out through their bodies.

     After a time they dragged themselves out of bed and headed for the 
kitchen to eat.  Mallory draped a blanket around her shoulders so they
could concentrate on talking for a while.
     "I've reached my decision about this," she said, gesturing at her
prominent anatomy.
     "You've decided to get rid of them haven't you ?" Cal asked.
     She nodded slowly and he went on, "It makes sense after all.  If
all we had to do was eat, sleep and make love, then I could make an
argument for keeping them as they are,"  he had a whistful expression on
his face as he said this.
     "We do have the rest of our lives to deal with: Friends, school,
family, and so on.  This would take a bit of explaining that I don't 
think either of us is up to," she put in.  "and they are very 
inconvenient for just about any physical activity.  My body wasn't 
designed with such features in mind."
     "I guess the party's almost over." she added, also a little whistful.
     On the bright side, I don't think you'll ever have to worry about my 
eyes wandering again.  After this, um these I mean, nothing else will 
ever compare."
     "Well that's at least one good thing to have come out of this then.
Have you finished eating ?" she asked.
    He nodded, and she let the sheet slip down off her shoulders.
     "Since we're leaving tomorrow I think we should enjoy this situation
while it lasts." She stood, letting the sheet slide down to the floor,
and her shorts went with it.
     He caught up with her just as she entered the bedroom.

     The next afternoon they finally got up again and packed to go home.
Using an old sheet they fashioned a loose ponch for Mallory.  It did
nothing to disguise her figure, but at least she didn't have to travel
half naked.  They drove back late that afternoon, using the drive-through
windows to order food from so Mallory could stay in the car as much as
possible.  By the time they got home they realized Mallory had finally
stopped growing.  To satisfy their curiosity they got out a cloth tape
measure at her home to see where she had peaked out: 51 inches, probably 
a 34Q cup.  All the touching around her breasts had heated them
both up again, as they actually got very little sleep that night.  They
spent the next day still making love, although it was slow and languorous,
like they did before the Change, and not the heated passion of the past
few weeks. 

     That evening they went to the park to try and find the old man.  
Mallory was wearing Cal's largest windbreaker over her 'ponch' to conceal
herself as best she could.  Having decided to return to her normal
dimensions, she's grown rather self conscious about her appearance again.

     They were standing in the open center of the deserted park when
he showed up, again as if from nowhere.
     "I see you've decided to undo this occurrence."  were the first words
out of his mouth.
     He pushed the cart off to one side, the wheels squeaking loudly.
     "Of course I need to hear it from your own lips first young miss."
     "I want to get rid of them please."  There was a slight catch in
her voice, but she went on, "They're just to much to handle, literally
and figuratively."
     He held out his hand, and in it was a glass vial filled with an
amber liquid.
     "Drink this all down just before you go to bed, then go right to 
sleep.  It will make you very drowsy, very fast, so don't dawdle."
     Cal spoke up, "How long will it take ?"
     "Oh, she'll be back to normal by morning." was the old man's reply.
     They both looked rather disbelievingly down at Mallorys tremendous
bosom, then back at him.
     "Yes, really overnight.  And there won't be any side effects or left-
over signs.  You'll be the exact same proportions you were when this 
whole fiasco started."  With that he turned and began pushing the cart 
away, wheels squeaking loudly.  They looked at each other for a moment 
and the squeaking stopped.  He had vanished when they looked up.
     As they walked back to the car Mallory said,  "It will be kind of
a shame to loose these, but I won't miss them that much.  After hauling
these around for the last few weeks I'll be quite happy being my normal
size again."

 
			     Epilogue
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

    "Are you sure you don't want me to stay tonight ?"
     They had pulled up outside her home and Mallory was getting out of
the car.
     "Yes Cal, I think I want to be alone for this.  I'll call you
tomorrow and we'll see what the results are.  Goodnight dear."
     She glanced around to be sure no one was around to see, then took
off the jacket and dropped the 'poncho' on the front seat.
     "Last look dearest !"  She inhaled deeply and arched her back.
     Cal groaned audibly. but kept his hands on the steering wheel as
Mallory turned and walked away, bouncing only slightly as she did so.

     Mallory called late the next afternoon.  Cal figured whatever
the old man gave her must have been pretty strong.  Cal arrived and found
the door already open.  He knocked anyways and heard Mallory call out
from somewhere in the back of her apartment.
    "Come in Cal, I'm just getting changed."
     She sounded perfectly alright, so it seemed things must have worked 
out ok.  He headed for the living room when Mallory called out to him
again.

     "Cal, I left a package of new bras out on the counter dear. Could 
you bring them back here please ?"
     She sounded faintly mischevious, "Maybe she wants to play dressup",
thought Cal to himself.
     He found the bag on the counter.  When he picked it up he noticed
something in the trash can.  It was the vial from the old man. There was
still some of the liquid in it.  Feeling his heart beat faster he pulled 
one of the bras out of the bag and saw that the label read 34D.  Cal felt
himself growing erect as he left the living room and headed for the
bedroom.  He could just imagine her laying back on the bed waiting to
surprise him.  Her full round breasts breasts rising up from her small
frame.  He remembered what she looked like at 34D; round, ripe and firm, 
about the size of a cantaloupe on that slender frame of hers.  He stepped
through the doorway and saw the image in his mind come to life in front 
of him.
     Too much of a good thing can be a problem," she said, "but why
should we give all of it up ?"
     He closed the door.


					       The end
