Archive-name: Violent/bloodcho.txt
Archive-author: Christian Longshore Claiborn
Archive-title: Blood, Chocolate and Cum

X-Moderator-Review: 3: I guess it's irony, but I'm not amused.

pt. 1

She wanted him, he knew that.  From across the room he could smell her cunt,
it's summer-fresh aroma and startling wetness taking him aback.  He smiled at
her and waved.  She came over to his table.  After helping her with her chair,
he smiled nonchalantly, uncaringly, but confidently and sexually and 
quizzically, while he remained seated.  
	"Hi!"
	"Hi.  Your name is Karen, right?"
	"No, my name is Rachel."
	"Oh jeez, I had you confused with Karen on General Hospital."
	They laughed for a few minutes.
	"So what did you wave me over for?"
	"I wanted to get into your cunt."
	She was a little taken aback but she obviously got wetter, and the 
panties she was wearing got wetter.  I knew that by the end of my lunch, this
little cutie would be mine.  I took a bite of my hamburger and continued.
	"You really want my hard cock in your cunt, don't you?"
	"I guess so, but I'm a virgin."
	She was going to be tougher than my last couple of conquests, but my
13-inch cock stirred in pleasure, making my plate that held my pizza slide 
down the table a little, and spilled the ketchup on her tits.
	"So do you want to go back to your room?"
	She was a horny little cunt!  I decided not to finish my chow mein,
and I got off the bench I was sitting on.  I noticed as she got up that she
wasn't wearing any underwear, and as I went to put my tray in the holder, I 
touched her under her skirt, and felt her hot wet panties.
	As we left the dining hall, we kissed once, hotly, passionately, 
honestly, sinfully.  It was a kiss I would tell my grandparents about someday
when I was old.
	We got to my room, and this bitch couldn't hold it!  She grabbed my 
cock from inside my pants, which quickly grew to its whopping 11 inch length.
I kissed her voluptous, almost annorexic breasts, and pushed her inside the 
door.  My roommate Bob was in there already.
	"Fuck!" I thought.  "Well, Bob'll just have to put up with us."  He 
was doing homework anyway, so I pushed her down on my bed and sucked her 
gigantic breasts.  "God, what a hot bitch she is." I thought.
	"Oh, I love it when you suck my tits!" she exclaimed.  She was really 
getting off.  While I sucked her tits she started to come!  
	"Already????" I thought, but I continued licking her tiny little nubs.
	"Oooooooooooooh!  Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!  
OOooooooooooooooooooooooWWWWWWWWWWWWWWHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!  
OOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHHWWWWWWWWWWWWWWHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!  
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSS!" she whispered.
	She was really coming!  While I was licking her voluptous neck, she was
having an orgasm!  I pulled my fingers out of her cunt and felt her panties,
which were wet.  I decided it was about time to give her a little finger-fuck,
so I pulled off her panties and put my fingers in her cunt, which was sopping 
with wetness.  She was loving every minute of my fondling, and she came 6 or 
seven more times.
	My hand was soaking from the finger-fuck, as I had pushed all of my
arm up to my elbow into this horny little virgin's sopping love-hole.  She 
then proceeded to squirm around, impaled on my arm like a weasel in a trap.
	After she'd orgasmed, she looked up at me lovingly.  "God that was 
great.  Now it's my turn to do you!"  I wasn't about to let some bitch take
my cock in her mouth without being sure she knew how to give a good blowjob,
so I had her practice by licking my asshole.  "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh," she shouted,
her tongue deep in my shitbox, her lips around my buttocks.  Her cunt was near
my cock so I tested her virgin depths by putting my cock about six inches in,
while she licked me.
	I was about to come, so I told her to let go.  "Let go," I said.
	"But I want you to come while I lick your asshole!" she said.  
	"I'm in charge," I replied.  "Now spread your legs, let me finish
fucking your virgin cunt."  
	She did, and boy am I glad to this day!  Before my eyes were the
most luscious pair of cuntlips I'd ever seen, the clitoris lodged low down 
near her asshole, her vagina hovering above, wet as a pool.  "I love you, 
Ben," she whispered.  "Love you more than my mother, even."
	I just had to get into this virgin cunt, let me tell you!  Her 
box was shaped like a ripe pear, and I was going to pluck it.  I stuck my rod
into her.  She was so wet that for a while I didn't feel anything, but then 
when I got all 15 inches into her it felt better.  God, what a cunt that was!
She was bleeding a little, and little red streaks were shooting out of her
pussy at high speed, soaking my legs and shoes.  She was sort of crying, so I 
comforted her.
	"Don't worry, bitch," I told her.  "lots of girls bleed the first 
time out."  "And you're the nicest piece of ass I've gotten in a long time."
To help stop the bleeding I sped up my strokes.  She had gotten over the pain,
and was about to cum again!  I couldn't believe it!  I pumped my cock hard
into her, and felt her groan with pleasure.  She orgasmed eight or nine more
times until I came, and when I did it was like a fountain.
	"Oh Chris," she said, "You're the best fuck I've ever had."
	"I enjoyed putting my 13 incher into your soft pussy, baby."
	Well, I thought that would be all, but this horny cunt was ready for
more!  "Sit down and let me suck your dick while fingering my pussy!" she said.
I was not in a position to argue.  I took off my underwear and sat on the bed,
and let her suck my cock.  She was good, and it felt like sticking your dick
into a carpet cleaner.  God, I couldn't stand it.  I came again in 10 seconds
and was ready for more, but she said she had to go.
	"I have to go."
	"You would, you bitch."
	"I'm sorry."
	"It's OK.  Are you coming over tomorrow?"
	"Yes, if my mother lets me."
	Her MOTHER???!?!?!??!?!? What was I getting myself into?  "How old
are you, cuntface?" I asked, stroking her cheek tenderly.
	"8."
	"8????!?!"  I'd never had anyone younger than 9 before, not even
when I lost my virginity at about 5.
	"Yes, 8.  Please don't tell anyone, or else I'll be grounded."
	"OK, honey.  I won't.  But you have to promise to do me and all my
friends next week."
	"OK!  Sounds like fun."
	She was a crazy bitch, but she was all mine.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                    BLOOD, CUM AND DEATH
                    (subtitled:  My Trip to the Park with Karen)
                   by christian Longshore Claiborn

	For those of you who didn't read part 1, I told about my adventures 
with Karen the human fuckbunny, who is only 6 and also my cousin and also 
digs lesbian chicks.  

	Anyway, so I was fucking Karen, as was my usual thing to do on 
Friday.  She was pumping my shaft like a six-year-old porn star, up and 
down and up and down and up and down and up and down and up and down and
all over again.  She was a hot cunt.  
	So anyway, my roommate walked in!
	"What the fuck are you doing here, Joe?"  
	"Oh, sorry, I didn't realize you were fucking."
	"That's OK.  Come in and fuck with us."
	So anyway, Joe took his pants off and bent the little bitch over,
pushing his hot cock up her ass.  Meanwhile, I had my hot rod up her little
love-hole, so I could feel Joe's cock touching mine.  Now, I'm not gay or
anything, but it was a pretty hot thing to happen.  So I kept pumping and
so did Joe, and I thought we were gonna rip the cunt right out of Karen's 
bod!  I was wicked psyched.
	After she came like 9 or 10 times, so did I.  Joe didn't, but that
was OK, because he just masturbated into his Calculus book.  
	Then she had to go.  
	"Don't worry, I've got a surprise for you."
	"Really, what?"
	"I can't tell you."
	"FUCK YOU THEN!"  She was a real bitch.  I decided then to lock her
out.  I locked her out.
	"Let me in, I don't have any clothes!"
	"OK, but you have to be my slave!"
	"That's fine."
	So that's how it all began and how Karen became my slave for life.
Eventually it got so I could put my penis in her hair and cum and she would
cum like 9 times.  After the nipple-clips, that is.

We were in love.



	Hope you enjoyed it.
		christian
-- 
