  For the entire year of my senior year in high-school I imagined 
 what sex with her would be like.  Miss Heather is a small woman,
 5'2" 115 lbs. and she was my math teacher.  She had medium sized
 tits and a tight ass you could sink your teeth into.  Needless
 to say my math suffered while I would sit in class mesmerized by
 her sight.  
  Countless times I would go up to her ask her questions after
 class trying to get as close to those cute ass as possible.
 God! It was torture that I would be so close to her yet be so
 far away.  
  A whole semester had gone by and it would be only 3 short weeks
 before I graduate.  I had to to something fast.  Yes, I'll go
 up to her after class and request a tutoring session.  What will
 come of it I don't know but first things first.
  It was just a week before finals, great! now would be a perfect
 time to ask.  As the bell rang signaling the end of class I take
 a deep breath and gather my nerves and go up to her. "Miss 
 Heather, I really need help in this class can we have a study 
 session one on one today after school?".  "Sure thing, I know
 you're having a lot of trouble, be glad to help you out."
 Terrific! Now I got my study session I got 4 periods to think of
 a plan.
  It's 2:25, only 5 minutes before the bell rings.  I've been in a
 daze all day, I haven't a plan, what can I do?  As the bell sounds
 I quickly run to my locker and get my books, as I had toward Miss
 Heather's class thoughts are racing through my mind.  If I make
 advances at her and she refuses I'll be kicked out of school; if
 I don't I'll never forgive myself for the rest of my life.
  I reached her class and opened the door.  She's sitting at her
 desk going through her record book.  "Hi", she says, but words
 barely come out of my mouth.  I sit down next to her and let out
 a smile.  "Let's get started, what do you need help with?".  In
 a shaking voice 
 I murmur, "well I don't understand chapter 15."  As she starts
 explaining I just gaze at her small mouth and think how wonderful
 my rock hard cock would feel inside it.  To every question I just
 nod my head and say I understand.  Jesus! I can't take this any
 more! I've got to relieve myself.  I get up in front of her. 
 She is surprised and asks me why I'm standing up.  I just stare
 into her, she notices the big bulge in my pants.  She says it's
 enough for today.  I said, "Wait a minute, I have something for 
 you."  I unzip my fly and my erect cock springs out right in front
 of her face.  She opens her mouth to scream but I grab her had
 and shove my cock into her tiny mouth.  She's gasps for breath
 and pushes against my legs to pull away.  I grab her head more
 firmly move it back an forth, I say to her "suck harder, gum it
 you bitch".  I push my cock as far as it will go in her mouth,
 I can feel the back of her throat.  Oh what sensations!  She
 My cock is covered with her saliva, she bites me a couple times
 but I don't let her get away.  Um..she must not have ever blown
 a guy before I can tell.  As I stretch her small mouth 
 I finally unload a gusher of cum into her mouth and face.  I
 let her go, my cum is dripping from her mouth, what a pretty
 sight.

