Archive-name: Changes/bob3.txt
Archive-author: Ruth White
Archive-title: Bob Gets His - Part 3


                             CHAPTER
                               10

     It was over a year later, when all the pieces of Dr. van
Damme's plan fell into place one day; Monica wrote to her about her
and Gloria's changing plans. They were going to be married in a
radical lesbian ceremony and Gloria wanted to move back to the city
where they could be in the center of the lifestyle that they lived
now. They would no longer be needing the services of Bob and Joe,
as they would be living in a lesbian commune and Gloria wanted all
memories of the two men erased from her memory. Did the Doctor have
any ideas?   

     The limousine slowed as it approached the guardhouse. Dr. van
Damme was expected, and the guard passed the car through only after
checking out the driver. Scrutinizing the security arrangements,
she nodded in approval. There would be no unauthorized entry to, or
exit from, the Watson estate. 

     The long car proceeded onto the remote grounds. After a short
drive, the house became visible, it was a mansion of the first
order. After stopping the car in front, the driver opened the car
door for her, Dr. van damme exited and walked up the steps of the
house. Forewarned of her arrival by the guard house, the door swung
open to meet her.

     Dr. van Damme was taken aback for a minute by the appearance
of the individual who greeted her.

     "Good morning Doctor."

     "Good morning." Scrutinizing her greeter, Dr. van Damme
noticed the earrings. "You must be Robert."

     "Yes Ma'am, however the mistress requests that I be addressed
as Babette."

     "Well I'll be delighted to indulge her. Babette."

     Bob admitted her, removed her coat, and took it to the
cloakroom. When he returned, Dr. van Damme examined the youth, who
was a product of her Institute. Robert Watson had started out with
a strong familial resemblance to his father, Joseph Watson and,
having undergone identical physical modifications, was now a
perfect replica of his dad. Bob was about five feet seven inches
tall, but his black patent spike heels added considerably to that. 

     Sheer black stockings sheathed Bob's long shapely legs, ending
on his upper thighs, from where garters stretched up to disappear
under his skirt. Although it stretched the imagination to call that
tiny bit of fabric a skirt. Bob wore a very abbreviated maid's
uniform, even more extreme than the ones that Gloria had originally
dressed Joe in. The skirt was held almost horizontal by fluffy
petticoats, both of which ended high on his hips. The Doctor could
see the boy's embroidered lace panties, his dark pubic hair clearly
visible through the delicate material. As he stood there with his
legs slightly apart, she could discern his vaginal lips, with the
profile of the vulva he had developed, outlined in the satin crotch
of his panties.

     Bob wore no bra and his nipples poked out like tiny fingers
through the black satin of his uniform. The lace edged neckline of
Bob's dress barely covered his aureoles, and the expanse of his
massive bosom was fully revealed.  His hair was parted in the
middle, and the long blonde tresses were brushed forward, to rest
atop the creamy white globes of his breasts. Shoulder-length black
gloves had the fingers cut off to allow him to wear them with his
long fingernails, and he wore the obligatory cap and apron. "If you
will please follow me Doctor, my mistress will receive you."

     Dr. van Damme followed the youth, watching his ass wiggle in
the lacy panties, as he swished through the house before her.

     Bob entered the sitting room where Gloria awaited their
arrival, with Dr. van Damme right behind him, and curtseyed. "Dr.
van Damme. Madame."

     "Thank you Babette."

     Bob curtseyed and withdrew to the wall where he stood with his
hands folded over his apron; the perfect maid, attentive to any
desire on the part of his mistress or her guest.

     The two women greeted each other like long lost friends. After
some chatting Dr. van Damme asked "and how is Joe doing?"

     Gloria explained, "I have decided, for the present, that
Joseph shall be called Yvette and Robert shall be addressed as
Babette. They look so much alike that I kid my guests; telling them
that they are the Ette sisters, Eve and Bab."

     The Doctor chuckled at the joke.

     Gloria pushed a little button. "I believe Yvette is doing the
laundry now. Let me show you how his training has progressed."

     In a couple of minutes, the click of high heels on wooden
floors could be heard approaching the sitting room and then the
rustle of petticoats. Shortly a busty blonde, dressed and looking
exactly like Bob, traipsed in and curtseyed. "You rang Madame?"

     Dr. van Damme, looked Joe Watson over. He was an exact
duplicate of Bob. The only way she could tell them apart was by the
fact that Joe's testicles had been gold-plated and he wore the
little balls permanently affixed in his earlobes, while Bob's were
sealed in clear plastic and swung from his ears on tiny chains.

     "Yes Yvette. I desire that you pleasure me now."

     "At once Madame." Joe obediently got down on his knees, while
Gloria pulled up her skirt and spread her legs wide. Joe removed
her panties, leaving her in a garter belt and hose, then plunged
his face into Gloria's pussy and started licking it.

     Dr. van Damme watched as the pretty man's blonde head bobbed
between his ex-wife's legs.

     "The old Joe Watson wouldn't do this in a million years,"
exclaimed Gloria. "Now, as Yvette, he eats pussy every day. Would
you care to have Babette service you Doctor?"

     "No thank you. Perhaps some other time."

     "Oh well. You don't know what you're missing. Babette since
you have nothing better to do, attend to my feet."

     Dr. van Damme looked on in silence as the golden haired
beauty, that had once been Robert Watson, knelt down on nylon clad
knees. Bob gently removed Gloria's alligator pumps then, being
careful not to interfere with his father, unhooked the garters and
rolled Gloria's stockings down her legs. Bob lifted Gloria's right
foot to his mouth and started licking it. After he had covered the
whole foot, he started sucking on her toes, ending up with all five
between his thick red lips. Completing his servicing of Gloria's
right foot, Bob placed it back on the floor and brought her left
foot to his mouth. While he was working on that one, Gloria lifted
her right foot and, using her toes, fondled Bob's tumescent nipples
through his satin dress.

     Gloria leaned back and shut her eyes, obviously enjoying the
services of her maids. Dr. van Damme decided that she had seen
enough, excused herself, and left.

                             CHAPTER
                               11
         
     Bob had cleared away the remains of the excellent dinner which
Joe had prepared; he was quite the accomplished cook by now. Dr.
van Damme, Gloria, and Monica sat around the table drinking coffee.
"I think it's time to feed the boys Monica. You won't want to miss
this Doctor."

     As the three woman made their way to the kitchen Gloria
explained. "It seems that both of them returned from your island
with tremendous appetites Doctor. Monica figures that this is a
side effect of the process which filled out their curvy bodies. We
found that the boys were putting on weight and I couldn't allow
that. I mean think of the money I have invested in their uniforms,
and besides, they are perfect just as they are. Don't you agree?"

     "Yes, but I made them what they are, so I am more than a
little prejudiced."

     "No matter. I took the situation in hand; Joe and Bob are
strict vegetarians now and I feed them only the healthiest of foods
three times a day. For breakfast they get an orange, a bowl of
oatmeal, and vitamins. Their lunch and dinner usually consists of
beans and rice."

     When the women entered the kitchen, Joe and Bob, who had been
sitting at the table waiting, sprang up to attention. Monica got
out two bowls; into each she put two scoops of cold brown rice from
a pot in the refrigerator, then she opened a can of kidney beans
and topped the rice with the beans, dividing the can between the
two bowls. Monica put the bowls on the floor."You may eat."

     To Dr. van Damme's amazement, Joe and Bob curtseyed saying
"Thank you mistress,"  then got down on their hands and knees and,
like two dogs, hungrily lapped at their obviously unappetizing fare
with their rounded behinds up in the air, fully exposed.

     "No need to worry about them losing their girlish figures, and
besides think of the money I save on food." Laughed Gloria. 

     Later that evening Dr. van Damme joined Gloria Watson in her
den for a nightcap. They each had a drink and made small talk.
During a pause in the conversation, Gloria said, "Let's see how my
boys are doing." Knowing that Bob and Joe's almost nightly ritual
would soon be getting underway any minute now, she pushed a button
and a section of wall slid away to reveal several television
monitors and a control console. She turned them on and selected
those cameras which gave good views of the bedroom and bath that
Joe and Bob shared. 

     Joe had just stepped out of the shower and was drying off his
superbly feminine body. In the bedroom, Bob sat in front of the
mirror, brushing out his luxuriant blonde hair, dressed in an
embroidered satin teddy. Joe wrapped a towel around his head, put
on a short kimono style gown of jade silk, came out, sat down on
the bed, and started drying his hair.

     "I thought the doctor who invented this hair said it was low
maintenance." Said Joe sarcastically, since both of them spent
hours on their hair. 

     "No he didn't; he just said it would last forever. If anything
it is more work than real hair since you can't do anything to it
that lasts. Sometimes I wish that I could just get a permanent and
not have to worry about it." Said Bob.

     "I'm really worried about the Doctor being here, it can't mean
anything but trouble for us." Whined Joe. 

     "Oh come on Evie, lighten up a little." Retorted Bob

     "Don't you start in with that shit too. It's bad enough with
Gloria and that crazy doctor. When we're alone, just call me Joe."

     The two of them had long ago discovered their relationship;
Joe was troubled deeply by their circumstances, but Bob was too far
gone to care. "I'm sorry Joe. Let me make it up to you by brushing
your hair for you."

     Bob came over, got on the bed behind Joe, and started brushing
his father's long blonde hair. Joe knew that Bob liked what had
been done to him. In fact, he'd been shown a videotape of the boy
begging Gloria to have him changed into a female. "Bob is really
into all this girl shit." Thought Joe, who did only as much as he
was forced to. 

     Joe didn't know it but, thanks to hypnosis and subliminal
programming, Bob craved humiliation and domination in addition to
his delight in his new body. Bob brushed Joe's hair until it
shined, then leaned forward and whispered in his ear. "Let's fool
around pop."

      Being under Gloria's total control, her sadistic domination
had erased any inhibitions that either of them might have retained.

     "I don't know ..." Said Joe. Bob put down the hairbrush,
reached around, undid Joe's robe, took the revealed breasts in each
hand, and started playing with the nipples.

     "Come on. You know you want to. Stop worrying about the Doctor
being here, there's nothing you can do to change anything." Bob
stopped the foreplay for a minute and slipped the straps of his
teddy off of his shoulders, then he pulled the teddy down to reveal
his bounteous breasts, and resumed fondling his fathers breasts.

     Joe could feel Bob's hard nipples pressing against his back.
Thanks to conditioned behavior, the father responded quickly to the
son's caresses. Joe turned around and looked at Bob. Joe still had
his strong attraction to big titted sluts, and that's what he saw
in front of him. It no longer mattered to him that this blonde
bimbo had once been his son, or that she was an exact replica of
himself.  Joe's enlarged red lips met Bob's. He pulled Bob into his
arms. Their tongues hungrily sought one another, as each one's
breasts pressed hard against the other's.

     It was times like this that Joe wished that he still had his
cock and balls; he'd love to be able to screw the beautiful blonde
that his son had become. Joe would never again screw any woman, but
his sex change had left him with a realistic vagina, along with his
responsive clitoris which allowed him plenty of potential for
sexual relief. 

     Joe played with his nipples. He was in seventh heaven as he
looked down at Bob's pretty blonde head. Joe loved having his pussy
eaten, and Bob was very good at it. Joe was too, although he hated
to do it, and would do so only at Gloria's command. 

     When Joe's pussy was dripping wet and he was grinding his cunt
against Bob's face, Bob stopped, stripped off his teddy and, as he
had so many times before, went to the dresser. Joe knew what would
be coming next. It was deeply humiliating, but then again, it felt
so good. Bob returned with a huge double-ended dildo.

     Joe laid back and spread his legs wide to receive his end of
the sex toy. Bob placed the oversized head of the rubber cock
against Joe's cunt, and gently pushed it in. Joe's pussy was really
slippery by now, but the diameter of the dildo was so large that
they had to exercise caution getting it in. Finally it was in as
far as they dared force it.

     Now it was Bob's turn. He laid down and played with his pussy,
preparing it for what was to come. Joe positioned himself so that
the other head of the dildo was at Bob's cunt lips, then thrust his
hips forward. Bob moaned as the enormous dildo invaded him. Before
long, Joe was on top of Bob, their tits mashed together, as they
ground pelvis against pelvis, each of them receiving extreme
pleasure from their simulated fucking.

     Dr. van Damme watched from the den as Bob fell asleep in Joe's
arms. What a bizarre sight that had been, watching the two stacked
blondes humping one another. Gloria interrupted her thoughts. "What
I wanted to talk to you about Justine, is Joe and Bob's future. I
must tell you that I have fallen in love with that girl you sent to
help me with Bob. Monica and I do not desire this country life-
style anymore and we want to move back to the city. I'm sure you
see the problems which might arise if those two were to accompany
us. Do you have any suggestions."

     "Well, it's really funny that you should bring that up. I have
been asked to approach you about the two of them. It seems that
there are two very powerful and rich brothers and each wants Joe
very badly. They could not agree on sharing him so they gave up on
the idea of ever having him. I told them about Robert, that he was
made into his father's twin, and they have asked me to speak to you
and find out if they are available."

     "What do they want them for?'

     "This may sound crazy, but they want to marry them. These
brothers share some extreme tastes, such as bondage and domination,
just to name a few, and they would never in a million years find a
real woman to tolerate what they would insist on, as a matter of
course, in a marriage. Their only requirement is that Joe and Bob
be totally submissive with absolutely no resistance left."

     "Well Bob loves it when you punish him and I have beaten all
the resistance out of Joe." Said Gloria.

     "If you're amenable, I would take them back to the island for
a thorough preparation as there are a couple of other changes the
brothers want done. I think that this proposition would be in
everyone's best interests, especially since Bob would be happy in
bondage and submission while Joe would always hate it. I have been
instructed to offer you five hundred thousand dollars for the two
of them. Do you find that offer fair?" 

     "More than fair and I'll accept it with pleasure," replied
Gloria, "except that I insist you take half of the money. I don't
need any of it thanks to you and you've done more than enough to
earn it."

     Dr. van Damme started giggling.

     "What's so funny Justine?" asked Gloria.

     "This will be so appropriate."

     "Whatever do you mean?"

     "This man who wants to marry Joe. He is worse to women than
Joe Watson ever dreamed of being."

     The two women sealed the deal with a toast to Joe and Bob's
new lives.  
  
                             CHAPTER
                               12

     Bob and Joe were glad to be back on Dr. van Damme's island and
out of the clutches of Gloria. The two of them were again serving
as maids for the Doctor until further arrangements could be made.
Joe had no idea what would happen to them, but he had been assured
that they would not be turned into streetwalkers.

     Joe cooked and Bob had set the table in preparation for the
arrival of the Gonzales brothers for dinner. Remembering the effect
the brothers had on him the last time they were here, Joe was
thankful that he would be in the kitchen, but he was not to be
spared this night.  "Joe get out here." Squeaked Bob, running into
the kitchen after the table had been cleared. "They want to give
their compliments to the cook."

     "Shit!" Joe removed the long white duster that he wore while
cooking to reveal that, under it, he had on the same French maid's
uniform as Bob. Joe could see the effect that the presence of the
masculine brothers had on Bob as he waited on them; he was flushed,
excited, and Joe knew from his own experiences that Bob's pussy
must be dripping wet by now.

     Joe went into the dining room, curtseyed, and then stood with
his hands folded politely over his apron. Bob came out and stood
beside his father.
     The Gonzales brothers were speechless as they stared at the
two gorgeous girls that they knew had once been men.

     "How do you tell them apart?" Asked Hector.

     "Oh there is a way, but I'll let you find out." Answered Dr.
van Damme. "Don't just stand there. Introduce yourselves." She told
her two maids.

     Joe curtseyed. "I am Joseph Watson, sirs." 

     Bob followed suit.

     Miguel Gonzales rose and came over to Joe. "I just wanted to
express my compliments to the cook. The cook in this case being so
beautiful, I believe that a kiss would be in order." Having been
briefed on Joe's programming, Miguel grabbed Joe and before he
could say anything, pulled him tight and kissed him passionately.
Miguel felt the former man in his arms tighten up in resistance. In
short order though, Joe was betrayed by his conditioned responses
and was returning Miguel's kisses with all the fervor he could
muster. Joe could not resist his carnal desires; he wanted to suck
on Miguel's cock, he wanted it filling his hot cunt, to feel it
rubbing against his swollen clit. Joe was overcome with lust and
passion.

     Miguel broke off the kiss and Joe could see that Hector was
kissing Bob, who was responding in kind.

     "Joe would you like to accompany Senor Gonzales to his room
tonight?" Asked Dr. van Damme.

     Joe could do nothing else but answer sweetly. "Yes ma'am."

     Miguel explained to Joe, "I desired you as the delicate Yvonne
and now I desire you even more as the beguiling Joe Watson. The
only problem is that I want to keep you to myself. Forever. Tell
me, how do you feel about that Joe?" 

     Joe just stood there, hoping that Miguel would kiss him again.

     "Answer the man Joseph!" Demanded Dr. van Damme.

     Joe would do or say anything by now, he was so horny; all he
cared about was getting it on with Miguel. "I would love that sir."
Joe said softly.

     "He's all yours Miguel."

     Miguel took Joe's hand and led him out of the room to his
suite. Joe followed like an eager puppy.

                             CHAPTER
                               13
     After their initial introduction the couples were inseparable.
Bob had just spent a weekend alone with Hector and Joe was off
somewhere with Miguel. Hector returned from the other room. Looking
at the naked blonde girl in his bed he thought that he must be the
luckiest man in the world. After thanking God for his generosity,
Hector tossed Bob a little box. "Here, this is for you my dear."

     "What's is it?"

     "It is your engagement ring."

     "MY WHAT!"

     "Oh don't look so surprised. You and your father couldn't stay
here forever. Dr. van Damme had to do something with the two of
you, and she decided that you and he would make the perfect wives
for my brother and me, and we agreed whole-heartedly." 

     Knowing better than to say anything, Bob kept his pretty mouth
shut and opened the box to reveal a tiny diamond ring. "It's
beautiful Hector, but it's so small. How will I get it on my
finger?"

     "My sweet, it is not for your finger."

     Bob was awakened by Gloria and Monica. It was very early.
"Come on boys, get up. Today's your big day. You first Joe."

     Bob watched, as his father was prepared for their upcoming
nuptials, knowing that the same actions would shortly be carried
out on him.

     Both Bob and Joe had been modified even further, since their
betrothal, in accordance with the Gonzales' desires. Monica helped
Joe off with his bra. Both of them wore bras all the time now, even
when they slept. They had to, they had undergone further breast
enlargement to the point of absurdity. They were now sometimes
referred to in whispers as "the walking tits". From Joe's left
nipple swung his diamond engagement ring. His right nipple had also
been holed in anticipation of the plain gold band that would be set
in it today; symbolizing his absolute submission to the will of
Miguel Gonzales.

     Joe was helped to the lacing bar. Grabbing it, he was pulled
up off of his feet, and a sort of corset cum bra was wrapped around
him and laced up. Joe had a tiny waist as the result of liposuction
and the removal of two ribs, but nevertheless he was laced
unmercifully down to the last breathless inch. Bob would have been
surprised if Joe's corsetted waist exceeded fourteen inches.

     The corset might, more properly, be described as a harness; it
was white satin, very heavily boned, with lots of straps and
buckles attached to it, and it took both Joe and the girls working
together to get it on. From the back of the corset, straps were
passed over each shoulder. Joe lifted his right breast and Monica
held up the left one while Gloria crossed the straps over Joe's
chest, between his breasts, and hooked them to rigid cups on the
front of the corset. 

     Next a white leather collar was laced around Joe's neck. This
collar forced Joe to keep his head erect and look directly ahead.
With it on he couldn't move his head at all. From the sides of the
collar dropped two straps which were passed around the outside of,
and under, Joe's breasts and attached to the other side of the
rigid cups. These little cups weren't designed to cover Joe. Rather
they acted like a shelf, holding up his colossal breasts, while the
crossed straps separated them. As the straps were tightened, the
burden of holding up his breasts fell on Joe's neck and shoulders.

     Joe had been told what to expect next, and tried to face this
phase with as much composure as he could muster. He grabbed the
lacing bar to balance himself while Monica spread his legs as wide
as they would go. She then produced two rubber dildos. The Gonzales
brothers had made latex casts of their erect cocks; these two were
of Miguel's. 

     One of the dildos was slowly eased into Joe's manmade vagina
as he stared straight ahead, trying to ignore the indignities being
wreaked upon him. Monica worked the dildo in and out and shortly,
in response to the irritation, the lining of Joe's cunt reflexively
secreted mucous. When the dildo was covered with the slippery
emission, it was withdrawn, only to be forced into his anus. After
it was fully inserted, the other one was slipped into his wet cunt.

     From the bottom front of the corset hung two straps and from
the back, one. The strap from the back was pulled forward between
Joe's legs and buckled to the two front straps. These were cinched
tight, ensuring that the rubber cocks would be held firmly in
place. A tiny padlock swung between Joe's legs locking everything
together; his intended would hold the key, signifying his dominion
over Joe and his body.

     Monica helped Joe to sit down on a satin covered bench, and 
pulled ultra-sheer white nylons up his long legs. Then they laced
Joe into his shoes. Even with the alterations done to his feet, the
poor man found wearing these impossible. They were made of white
satin, with sky-high heels, and no soles. They didn't need them;
they were like ballet slippers. Joe walked on his toes in these
shoes and could take only the tiniest of steps.

     As Joe was helped to his feet, it dawned on Bob that neither
of them would ever get dressed by himself again; they needed
assistance just to get their custom made bras on and neither of
them could see his feet with their mammoth mammaries held upand out
blocking the view. Not only that, if one of them was to bend over
to where he could see his feet, he might lose his balance and the
weight of his breasts pull him over the rest of the way.

     Something like that had already happened to Bob. Dr. van Damme
had made Joe and Bob available as models and actresses for several
porn magazines and video productions. While posing for the magazine
"Buxom Blondes in Bondage", Bob had been placed on his hands and
knees. With gravity pulling his jumbo breasts down, Bob's nipples
almost reached the floor. That wasn't the worst part of it, when
the shoot was over Bob had to be helped up. He couldn't do it on
his own.

     While Monica tightened the suspenders from Joe's corset to his
stockings, Gloria laid out what looked like a circle of white
fabric on the floor. Joe was helped to step into it and the it was
pulled up and tied around his waist. Bob saw that it was a hoop
skirt and that it formed a big cone from Joe's feet to his waist.
Next a taffeta and net petticoat was pulled over Joe's head and
settled over the hoop skirt. 

     Clouds of silk and lace billowed about Joe as his wedding gown
was placed over his head. His arms were guided into pointed sleeves 
of venice lace and Monica buttoned up the back. The puffed out
skirts of Joe's gown flared out from his microscopic waist and the
top layer of ivory satin was gathered up in a butterfly bow over
his rear; revealing the underlying layers of taffeta and tulle. The
front of the gown rose from the waist with a shirred bodice to the
Queen Anne neckline, but this wasn't your normal Queen Anne
neckline. The collar of Joe's gown covered and concealed his
leather collar with strings of pearls hanging down, but instead of
just a little open area between the collar and bodice, the gown
just vanished under Joe's breasts and his magnificent mammaries
were exhibited for all to marvel at.

     Gloria brought Joe his teeth and helped him get them into
position in his mouth. 

     Yes teeth!

     The Gonzales brothers were connoisseurs of fellatio and, as in
all things, insisted on perfection. Accordingly all of Bob and
Joe's teeth had been extracted and they had been fitted with false
ones. Before giving head Joe and Bob would remove their false
teeth, ensuring a perfect blow job with no irritating scratches.
For this their special day though, the boys wore their "special
teeth". These were a fiendish design, totally in keeping with the
Gonzales devotion to bondage, an enthusiasm which Bob and Joe were
going to share whether they liked it or not. These dentures were
all one piece, top and bottom sealed together. With them in place
all Bob or Joe could do was smile and look pretty. That wouldn't be
as easy as it sounded, for affixed to the insides of the dentures
were those rubber casts of the brothers pricks, which filled the
mouth, and extended down the throat of the wearer.

     Joe's hair was brushed down his back and his headpiece put on;
its veil falling from a crown of fabric blossoms, lace, and pearls.
He was handed a bouquet of flowers, only to discover that it
artfully concealed a white satin covered wire which was locked
around his waist, and a pair of handcuffs, which were fastened on
his wrists. With Joe's hands secured, the veil was arranged so that
it draped over him, a chiffon cage which covered everything but
concealed nothing. Joe was helped to the bed, seated, and then the
maids came for Bob.

     Bob had expected to be dressed identically to Joe, but this
was not to be. Instead, he looked like a mermaid in white satin;
his skirt being of the sheath type rather than the bouffant type
that Joe wore. Bob's shoes were white satin pumps with six inch
heels, and he wore a big wide hat from which his veil fell. His
skirt was extremely tight, all the way down to his ankles, which
was why he'd been given the somewhat normal shoes to wear. Even so,
he could only take steps of about three inches. Bob wore the same
type of harness as his dad and his breasts were similarly exposed.
 
     Joe Watson was actually relieved as he tip-toed up the aisle
escorted by Gloria who, dressed in a black tuxedo, helped him to
keep his balance. Think about it. What can be more humiliating for
a man, than to go to a wedding as a bride, handcuffed, absurdly
huge tits hanging out, with cocks wedged in his pussy, ass, and
throat, to be given away by his ex-wife? Nothing, that's what.
"After this, it's all downhill." Thought Joe, wondering for a
second if life as a cheap whore might not be preferable to this. He
didn't think about it very long, for he knew that he was locked
into his new life just as securely as those dildos were locked into
his cunt and asshole.

     In front of the assembled guests, Gloria presented Joe to
Miguel. Taking Miguel's hand, she placed it in the crook of Joe's
elbow, signifying the transfer of her interest in Joe to Miguel.
Joe could do nothing but stare straight ahead, standing arm in arm
with his husband to be, while Gloria returned for Bob.

     Monica served as the maid of honor, and when Joe was asked:
"Do you, Joseph Robert Watson, take this man, Miguel Gonzales, to
be your bounden owner, master, and husband, undertaking to obey his
every wish, serve his every need, and remain a faithful and
submissive wife, slave, and lover to him, for as long as he may
care to keep you." She answered, "He does."

     The ceremony was repeated for Bob and Hector and thus father
and son became sisters-in-law. Once the vows had been sealed it
became apparent why the wedding gowns were designed the way they
were, as Joe and Bob received their wedding rings.                

To be continued...
--
