(c) Copyright 1997 Eros.   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  Reposted by mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.


                  * * * * * * * * * * * * *
                         BOFFING MOM
                          (By Eros)

   It was late afternoon. Mom was on the back porch with a romance
novel in front of her face. It wasn't clear whether she was
actually reading it or just day-dreaming behind it. In either case,
I was feeling extremely horny and my gorgeous mother was looking
decidedly fuckable. I didn't see any reason to hang back from
acting on impulse. So I came up to her chair and cupped her
underneath her big, firm breasts. As I massaged those fine, full
titties in both hands, I asked her where Daddy was.

   "Mmmmmmmm, who knows? Working late again, probably," Mom replied
pressing my hands over her tits with her own.

   "Great!"

   I bent down and kissed her hard on the lips. My tongue slithered
into her warm, wet mouth, which tasted vaguely of sweet wine. She
kissed me back with a passion that wasn't entirely unexpected.

   "Think we have time for a quick one, Mom?", I asked tweaking her
erect nipples between thumb and forefinger.

   "Hell, I sure hope so," grinned Mom. "You've got me hot now,
honey. You better finish what you started.

   Don't be shocked. I'm not the only son screwing his sexy mom
these days. Where the hell do you think they got the term
"mother-fucker" from, anyway? Almost a year has passed since that
delightful afternoon when I discovered that a middle-aged woman has
the experience and the desire to show a young man around the bed in
ways that a younger girl could never dream of. The fact that the
middle-aged woman in question was my own mother certainly didn't
bother me if it didn't bother her.

   We stripped each other quickly and passionately, dropping our
clothes where we stood on the back porch. I wanted to move inside,
into the bedroom like we always did, but Mom was so hot that she
squatted in front of me right there and grabbed my asscheeks with
both hands, pulling my cock toward her open mouth.

   As always, I whimpered a little as her talented lips enclosed
themselves about the swollen head of my prick. How could a woman be
so good at what she did?  I know, I know. My mother always says
that the answer to that question is practice, practice.
practice,but I sincerely believe that most of my giggling teenage
girlfriends could practice for a million years without getting as
good at sucking cocks as my Mom is.

   Every time I'm with my mother, I thank my lucky stars that I'm
the right age to enjoy her as a young man. Her mouth action is so
good that you can't help but shoot between her lips, flooding her
taste buds with your ripe spunk. And Mom is the kind of girl who
would insist on drinking your jizz even if you were trying to avoid
squirting in her mouth. So it never did any good for me to tell her
that I wanted to save it for her pussy. Fortunately, my youthful
body still has enough rebound to get hard again within minutes of
enjoying one of Mom's monster suck-offs.

   It wasn't long before I was filling Mom's mouth with my first
load of jizz. Being the first, it was almost too much for her to
handle. But, as always, she managed... gulping and swallowing madly
as my thick, creamy sperm squirted down her pretty throat.

   Her mouth was still working up and down when I gently took her
by the hand and pushed her back into the house. I squeezed her
firm, naked little ass and ran my fingers up between her legs from
behind, giving her juicy, wet pussy a little feel up as we headed
for the bedroom. I could feel my cock returning to its former
hardness with every step I took. By the time that we reached the
bedroom that my mother shared with my father, I was ridiculously
hard again, so hard that you'd think it was a wonder my nuts didn't
explode in her face.

   "Fuck me, Mom," I begged as I spread myself across the mattress.
"Sit on my cock, and ride me!"

   "You got it, son," said Mom, straddling my thighs.

   She lowered herself down on top of me real, real slow. The sexy
bitch! I should have known. Mom always has that tiny bit of self
control that she brings into play at just the right moment. It
seemed to take forever for her soft, warm pussy to completely
envelop my pulsating prick. The sensations of being engulfed,
swallowed, and totally devoured were so obscenely delicious, I was
groaning long before she'd stuffed half of me inside her hot, hairy
twat.

   "Ride me," I encouraged her. "Ride me hard."

   Trust me, she did. Harder than any cowgirl. Rougher than any
rodeo star. My cock was a wild bronco that lived to be broken by
her insatiable animal needs. The more I thrust into her, the more
Mom humped back. Then, when she came in shrieks and throbs, I came
too, my jerking, twitching cock shooting jet after scalding jet of
thick creamy cum deep up inside my mother's heaving belly.

   We spent the rest of the afternoon fucking and sucking and
resting... then fucking and sucking some more, until we were both
totally exhausted.

   Some people say that fucking your Mom is wrong. Those people
obviously don't have a mom as sexy and as horny as mine!

                                          The End.

 --

Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/stories.html

Be There.....
