Archive-name: Bondage/bondfate.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Bound by Fate


    Walking along Glebe road, I hunched my shoulders up,
readjusting the strap to the daybag I carried.  Once again,
the 'car' was dead.  Sitting 3 blocks away at the local Exxon
station.  It could have been worse, I thought to myself.
Trudging my way along, kicking up an occasional spray from
the puddles along the way, I thought how it's only a mile
from my house.  The light rain continued to fall, but
undaunted I walked on.  The rain isn't too bad, unless it's
really cold out, or you need to keep the clothes dry.
Looking, to make sure no cars would turn toward me, I stepped
into the side street that crossed my path.  Just as I was
reaching the other side, a car came speeding along and as
it's tires hit the puddle by the curb, I was drenched in the
wave of water that rose up.  "Shit" I muttered.  The rain is
one thing, but I was soaked now.  Looking up, I was surprised
to see the brake lights of the car, a light creme colored
Volvo, as it pulled to the curb 50 feet ahead.  Walking
forward, I watched as the car slowly backed toward me.
    "Are you ok?" the voice said.  A female voice, soft but
otherwise unremarkable.  "I'm really sorry, I didn't know
that would happen."  I laughed to myself as I leaned down,
hands on hips, bag slung over my back, as I thought of the
Bugle Boy Jeans.  "Why yes.  These are Bugle Boy Jeans" I
started to say, but seeing her, I decided against it.  In the
commercials the gal always drove off.  After the "Thank you"
of course.
    "Yeah, I'm fine.  No biggie."  Grinning stupidly, I
looked at her.  Though not a beauty queen by any standards,
she was what my friends referred to as 'doable'.  Brown
shoulder length hair hung over her shoulders.  Soft brown
eyes met mine and I tried to avoid my bad habit of looking at
her chest.  "Thanks for the concern though," I said and
started to back away, catching the rest of her in my sight.
A thin white blouse covering average to small breasts and a
grey cotton skirt, reaching to her mid thighs, riding up on
the seat.  What she lacked otherwise, her legs more than made
up for.  Though I'm not normally a leg man, I could
appreciate her long lean legs.  I wanted to run my hands
along them, but thought, under the circumstances it would be
unadvisable.  I pictured the outside view of the car, my legs
hanging out the passenger window as I strained to pet those
legs, saying 'thanks' and retracting myself from the car.
    Smiling I started to walk away, but she pulled up a bit
and said "Let me give you a ride.  It's the least I can do."
    My mind whirled with thoughts of seduction.  I brushed
them off though.  Though some women find me attractive, I
certainly don't posses the rugged charm that gets women to
make propositions off the street.  "No, really I only live
about 4 blocks from here, and I'm soaked," she grinned a bit
at my condition, being responsible.  "Really, I don't want to
ruin your car.  Thanks again though."
    "Well if you are sure.  Be careful."  I stepped back as
she pulled away and proceeded up the street.  As I walked on
my imagination wandered at the 'what-ifs'.  Cresting the hill
I turned right on to my street, Woodrow.  I live about 10
houses or so down the street, and was pleasantly surprised to
see the Volvo at a house about 2 down and across the street
from mine.  I walked on and finally came to my house.
    After a warm shower and changing into some dry clothes, I
crashed on my bed and dozed a bit.  A knocking on my door
woke me, and I got up and walked into the living room.
Looking briefly out the window in the door, I saw the woman
from the car standing on the porch.  Surprised, I opened the
door.  "So you do live here!" she said.  "I saw you walk
past, and my friend said she thought you lived here."
Standing there stupidly, I just nodded my head a touch.
    "Yep!  This is where I live."  I just grinned at her,
unsure of what to do.  Getting my wits about me, I invited
her in, and with some embarrassment, cleared the newspapers
from the couch.  I don't spend any time in the living room,
but didn't think it would do to invite her back to my bed
room.  Not that the thought wasn't appealing.
    "I just wanted to make sure you were ok.  My name is
Joanne." Smiling my stupid grin again, I assured her that I
was ok and introduced myself.  I offered her a drink, though
the only thing I had was some Vodka and Tequila, and she
accepted one of my roommate's beers.  We talked a bit about
little odds and ends.  On closer examination I realized that
she wasn't quite as plain as I first thought.  Her face
rather pretty, with a small button nose, wasn't quite
beautiful, but she was still rather attractive.  I guessed at
her age to be in her early 30's.  Her body looked to be in
good shape, and I had no intention of asking he to leave.
    As we talked, she asked about my walk, and I told her
about my car.  My cooling system was shot, and it would cost
over a hundred bucks to get it going right.  One hundred
dollars I couldn't quite afford.  And eat that week at least,
but I didn't mention that.  I don't like sympathy and don't
coddle for it.
    "Would you be interested in some side work?" she asked.
We had talked about some of the financial surprises I had
had, comparing Utility costs and what not, and my work as a
computer programmer.  I found it very easy to talk to her,
and realized I was discussing things I usually didn't with a
woman I had just met.  I said that I might be, and she told
me that she had some 'stuff' that she needed picked up and
brought to her house to be stored in the basement.  Laughing,
she reached forward and taking my arm in a surprisingly firm
grip and tested the firmness of my bicep.  "Hmm..." she said
"This stuff is going to be heavy.  Think your up to it?" I
smiled, something I found easy around her, and assured her
that if a normal man could lift it, so could I.  For my size,
I am surprisingly strong.  She commented that this would help
matters. 
    She left me a phone number and told me to call her
Saturday morning and she would give me directions then.  As
she left, I thought what a shame that she didn't live in the
house down the street, but oh well.  Saturday morning came,
and with some excitement I woke up around 8 am.  Very early
for a weekend to me.  Calling Joanne at about 9, I was happy
to hear that her offer still stood, and she gave me
directions to her house in South Arlington off of Rt. 7.  I
got my roommate to give me a ride over, and tried to contain
my excitement.  When I got there, she apologized at
forgetting about my lack of transportation, and promised me a
return ride.  She took me out front and gave me the keys to a
Toyota 4 X 4, and handed me some directions for a glass shop
in Reston.  The store owner was expecting me, she said, and I
was to pick up some glass squares she said, and that it might
take 2 trips, due to the weight.  I got in the truck and
drove off, thinking about what was going on.  Perhaps I was
letting my imagination get the better of me, and she really
just had work for me.  Oh well, I thought and drove on, but I
did remember the sight of her nipples jutting out under her
light blue t-shirt as she waved good-bye.  Not knowing what
sort of work to expect, I had worn my favorite faded blue
jeans and a black t-shirt from a George Michael's concert.
"I want your sex" discreetly displayed on the front in small
letters, and "EXPLORE MONOGAMY" on the back.  Conflicting
messages perhaps.  Perhaps not.
    I arrived at the store, and after talking briefly with
the clerk, was directed to pull the truck to the back of the
store, where I backed it to the loading dock.  Unfortunately
the truck bed was a full three feet below the deck, so I had
to lift each box and place it in the truck bed.  These boxes
were heavy as hell!  Each one weighed almost 100 pounds of
pure dead weight.  After about 15 boxes we decided that would
do it for this load, as there were another 15 or so to go.
When I got back to Joanne's house, I knocked on the door, and
was greeted by an attractive dark-haired woman who let me in.
Joanne was in the kitchen, and had made us some lunch.  She
introduced me to Marie and explained that they were good
friends.  My imagination wondered just how good of friends,
but I kept my mouth shut.  Occasionally, I would catch a dark
look from Marie when Joanne wasn't looking.  She was wearing
a pair of khaki shorts and a white tank top that did a good
job at displaying her generous bosom.  From the side, I could
see that she wasn't wearing a bra, and from time to time she
would reach for this or that, and I would catch a glimpse of
the curve of her breast.  Her long tan legs she kept close
together and tucked under her chair.  I grinned to myself at
her apparent distaste for me.
    After some tuna-fish sandwiches, I returned outside and
began carrying the boxes, one by one, into the house and into
her basement.  The sun was fully overhead at this point, and
in my exertions, I found a light sheen of sweat breaking out
over my arms and head.  Cursing the choice of a black shirt,
I eventually discarded it, and continued.  Occasionally I
would catch a glimpse of someone looking out the living room
window at me, and I wondered who it was.  After I stored
them, Jo asked me if I were ok, and explained that she would
have never guessed that I could manage them so easily.  Of
course they weren't as managable as I made it seem.
    Handing me a glass of iced tea, she walked around behind
me and started to rub my shoulders.  I repressed a groan as
the tenseness and ache started to subside.  My shoulders were
killing me from the long duck walk with each awkward box.
She laughed lightly, patting me on the back, and I mentioned
that she better stop or I'd never get the other load.  "For
now" she replied.
    The second trip was uneventful, and the store clerk
explained that Jo used the glass for some sort of shelving or
display systems she sold.  My curiosity was satisfied, and I
drove back.  After arriving, I began to unload the truck.  As
I was walking toward the stairs, I heard Jo and Marie's
whispering voices.
    "I don't know Jo, are you sure about this guy?"
    "Yeah.  He's strong as a horse . . . you saw him.  Now
the question is . . ." the words faded away as I reached the
stairs and began to descend.  My heart was thumping from the
adrenaline that charged my system.  I was surely reading into
things, especially in light of Marie's obvious contempt for
me.  Perhaps it was jealousy, I thought, and hurried on to
finish.  After another 3 trips, everything was stored, and as
Jo came into the room with Marie, I joked that I only dropped
two or three boxes.  She laughed, and Marie walked out of the
room to the kitchen, and came back in a moment later with
some more tea for me.  I was parched, but resisted the urge
to gulp the whole thing down.  My arms were almost shaking
form the weariness in them, but I kept them steady, though at
my sides when I could.  "I'm gonna watch some TV" Marie said.
Joanne went into the kitchen and returned a moment later with
some bills in her hand and she walked up to me and tucked
them neatly in my pocket.  In a glance I saw that the top one
at least was a twenty.  "Hey!" I started "No, that's too
much. . ." but she shushed me . 
    "It would have cost me a fortune to have them shipped
here, and some would have been broken for sure.  I need them
for tomorrow, so I had no choice.  Thank you."  Walking
around behind me again, her strong arms came up and I felt
her grip on my shoulders as she began to knead my sore
muscles.  I couldn't quite repress a groan at her exquisite
technique.  I usually can't find a woman that can give me a
good strong backrub.  Conscious of my increasing excitement
as well as the sweat drying on me, I stepped forward and
asked if she would mind if I took a quick shower.  She said
it would be fine, and showed me to a guest room with a
bathroom off to the side.  Handing me a towel, she winked at
me and told me not to take too long, as my backrub wasn't
finished yet.  Smiling, I thanked her and closed the bathroom
door.  Trembling with excitement I quickly undressed and
turned the shower on.  After a moment of adjustment, the
shower was a nice warm, but not scalding temperature.
Stepping into the torrent, I enjoyed the hard beat of the
water against my tired back.  After about 10 minutes of
standing under the pounding water, I quickly shampooed what
was left of my thinning hair, and rinsed off.  After drying
off, I redressed, putting on my jeans again.  With the towel
over my shoulder, shoes and socks in my left hand, I stepped
out of the bathroom, and went into the living room.  "No you
don't!  Back to the room!" I was surprised at the commanding
nature in Jo's voice, and found myself turning back to the
bedroom, my heart beating strongly.  Jo had been sitting on
the couch, close to Marie, though not touching.  Grinning
that same old stupid grin, I walked back and upon reaching
the room, I turned and watched her stalk down the corridor
after me, a mischievous smirk on her face.  "Go ahead and lie
down," she said sternly.  I lay down on the bed, face down,
and put my hands out and above my head.  The bed creaked a
bit as she stepped up on it and sat down on my lower back.
Once again, I felt that powerful grip as her fingers dug into
my back.  Even stronger than before, with the increased
leverage, she massaged me into a blissful carefree state.
Slowly the tension eased out of me as she worked over every
inch of my back and shoulders.  As I relaxed, I began to
drift off, as excitement gave way to contented relaxation.

    I felt a sharp pain on my face, and slowly tried to open
my eyes.  My super relaxed state made it hard to wake up, but
a second slap, this time harder quickly brought me around.
"Wake up scum!"  I looked up in surprise to see Marie
standing over me, her hand drawn back for another strike.  I
started to sit up, but found I couldn't move my arms or legs.
Tugging, I found that my limbs were tied to the posts of the
bed with some soft material I couldn't see.  For the first
time in years I felt panic rise.  I don't like being bound or
restrained and have never allowed myself to be dominated.
Pulling against my bonds, I felt the weariness in my arms and
shoulders and got no more than a creak from the bed as my
weight shifted.  I was firmly bound, and looked quickly back
at Maria as her hand came down again striking me across the
cheek.  If it weren't for my beard, there would have been a
resounding crack in the room from that one, the hardest of
the three.  Against my will, my head rocked back and to the
right with the force of the blow.  I was surprised by her
strength.  As I shook my head I realized that I'd hardly ever
been hit that hard by any men, much less a woman.  Suddenly I
wondered at the situation.  Paranoia?  I thought back to some
of the 'women' that I saw in San Francisco that had turned
out to be transvestites.  But then I remember the swell of
Marie's breast seen fleetingly from the side, and dismissed
the thought.  "You fucking creep, look at me."  I had little
choice as I peered up at her.
    "What do you want?" I asked softly.  Her hand came
crashing down again, and as I let my head roll away,
absorbing some of the blow that my beard didn't bleed away, I
saw, to my relief Joanne walk into the room.
    "What the hell is going on Jo?" I almost yelled.  Looking
at her hopefully, I was disconcerted to see her malicious
smile.
    "Isn't it obvious?"  Her soft gentle manner was gone as
she climbed up on the bed and straddled my stomach.  Pulling
at my ties in vain, I struggled to sit up, and met with no
success.  She brought her hands down and ran them lightly
across my chest, her medium length fingernails tracing down
my chest, then back up.  "Relax and don't resist or you might
get hurt," as her hands came down again, her nails bit into
my chest and scratched heavily into the skin.  I could see a
light trace of blood where two or three of the sharp nails
bit into my flesh.  Arching my back I bucked up in pain,
almost throwing her from me.
    "None of that!" Marie declared, bringing her hand down
again, this time not the open handed slap of before, but a
back handed fist which caught me across the left cheek bone
and I saw an explosion of light in my eyes and felt a sharp
pain.  "That damn beard has to go," she added.
    "I don't know" Joanne said, turning to Marie "it may have
it's purposes," she added, running the back of her hand
across my chest.  I could see the small traces of my blood on
her hand as it came of to brush against my furry cheek, and
she ran it back and forth over it, tickling her hand gently.
    "Ok, this is isn't funny!  Let me go!" I said, quietly.
Calmly.
    The two of them laughed at me, and Jo grabbed my head in
her hands and pulled it up as far as my bonds would allow.
"Not a chance buddy!  Now are you going to be a good boy, or
do we have to be drastic?  And I don't think Marie is going
to be that concerned about rope burns now." Pulling weakly
with my arms again, I realized the hopelessness of the
situation, and relaxed as much as I could.
    I suppose I should have been excited by the situation,
but this was a little to real.  A little to violent.  I'm not
used to be subdued or dominated even though I don't dominate.
I like being in control of my own destiny, and at this
moment, I wasn't. 

    "Good boy" Joanne said, and arching up off of my stomach
for a moment, pulled a scarf or bandana from the front pocket
of her shorts.  Grabbing me by the hair, she roughly pulled
my head forward, off of the bed, and slid the bandana under
it, and then pulled the ends up and tied them across the
bridge of my nose tightly.  Then she spun the fabric around
so the knot was at the side of my head, and the wide fabric
covered my eyes, obscuring my vision completely.  I almost
lost it here.  Bound and blindfolded, I was completely
helpless.  I didn't even thinking about yelling for help as I
was sure the sound wouldn't escape the room.  "Now then,
let's dispense with these."  I felt something cold touch my
stomach over my left hip bone and heard a snip and this was
repeated to my right.  Suddenly I felt two hands grasp my
jeans and tug.  Only the fear of a sharp instrument in my
pelvic region stopped me from bucking wildly as the fabric
split as it pulled apart.  This was done on both sides and
once or twice a quick snip helped things along, and my ruined
pants were quickly ripped from my body.  My underwear quickly
followed, leaving me completely nude and vulnerable.  Despite
my fear, I had no doubt about the state of my erection.
    "Just as I thought," he's loving this.  A hand, I wasn't
sure who's suddenly grabbed my prick and pulled wickedly and
I let out a gasp of surprise.  The hand moved slowly down and
grasped my balls.  Remembering the viscous slaps, I hoped it
wasn't Marie's hand.  The grip tightened slowly and I
resisted a yelp as the pain increased till I thought I would
pass out.  Suddenly, as quickly as it had begun the hand
released me and I lay there untouched.  Breathing shallowly,
I felt my cock throb.  I don't think I'd ever been as hard or
as excited.  I heard footsteps leave the room, and waited.
    For fifteen minutes or 3 hours, I'm not sure, I lay
there, uncomfortable as hell with my condition.  I realized
at this point that rationalizing with these two women would
be a waste of time, and probably counter productive.
Suddenly, without warning, I felt a hand grab my half-erect
shaft in a firm grip and pull, lifting my ass off the bed.  I
winced at the pain, as the hand also had a number of stray
pubic hairs as well.  "You awake?"  Jo's voice.
    "Yeah.  When are you going to let me go?"  No response.
    After a moment, I felt the bed sag as someone stepped
onto the bed and then straddled my chest.  I felt the smooth
legs touching my chest.  With some excitement I realized that
whichever one this was, they weren't wearing their shorts
anymore and any limpness I had was instantly gone as I felt
her bush brush along my chest and the hair there.  The hand
continued to squeeze, and I was sure this was Joanne, having
not heard Marie, but this theory went out the window as a
second pair of hands, the person's on my chest, grabbed my
head, on either side, as she pulled herself forward, placing
her pussy right against my mouth.  Excited as I was, I
couldn't move for a moment, and lay there dumbly for a moment
as her hips rotated side to side, centering her slit over my
mouth.  A firm squeeze on my prick gave me a warning, and I
tentatively flicked my tongue out and licked at the woman on
my face.  Tracing my tongue out and around I tasted her
juices and wondered which one this was.  Licking gently up
and down, I cautiously moved my head back and forth slightly,
and then centered in on her clit.  I was rewarded with a sigh
of pleasure, then she thrust her hips forward slamming my
head back onto the bed.  Grinding her hips against me she
forcefully fucked my mouth, gaining momentum and speed as she
rolled back and forth on my mouth.  It was all I could do,
under her weight to keep from biting my tongue and breath at
the same time, but I tried my damndest.  The hand on my cock
started moving slowly up and down, then rested at the base
and held there firmly.  I didn't think anything of it as I
was being somewhat distracted by the vixen riding my face.
    Back and forth she moved her hips, quickly, grinding her
pussy into my face, down on my chin, resting her nub on my
tongue then up and I would thrust my tongue into her hot
steamy hole as far as I could.  As her pace became more
regular, I began to get the hang of this, and she began to
moan loudly.  "Jesus!  Oh JESUS!"  she cried out.  I couldn't
concentrate enough to try to identify the voice, but I
guessed, to my surprise, that it belonged to Marie.  Licking
up and down viciously, I received a loud moan of approval and
then her fingernails dug into my scalp fiercely right as she
was on the upstroke and I unconsciously thrust my tongue up
and into her cunt with surprise and pain.  With a loud gasp
she stroked down, and I attacked her clit rolling my head
around in a small circle as I flicked my tongue in and out
and thrashed at her small button.  Leaning forward, she bent
over my head and I felt her dangling breast slap against my
head then she rolled back, arching her back as she slammed my
head into the mattress with her orgasm.  As she let out an
earpiercing scream she ground her pelvis against my face, and
it was all I could do to breath.  After about two minutes her
thrashings stopped and she lay back across my body, rudely
crushing my prick as she flopped down carelessly on my
stomach.  I was panting quickly trying to catch my breath,
when I heard the clicking and whizzing sounds.  I didn't
move, and a hand ran it's fingers through my hair, and I was
disconcerted to hear the clicking continue.  Someone was
taking pictures!
    I was completely taken aback as I realized there must be
more than two people in the room.  "God!" a moan from my
around my knees, "I've got to visit you more often Jo!"  The
voice was not that of Jo or Marie, and I was stunned. 
    "No problem doll.  Anytime.  Was he worth the drive?"
    My mysterious friend said nothing but her trembling gave
me all the answer I needed.  She slowly rolled off me and
moments later another body straddled mine.  "You better be
hungry asshole, or else!" Marie's voice, stern and
commanding.
    "Come on!  I need a minute and some water . . ." I began,
but she grabbed two handfuls of hair and damn near broke my
neck as she slammed me back to the bed and mounted my face.
I groaned in frustration, but she reached back and grabbed my
balls in a firm grip.  I obediently began to feed.  As my
tongue arched up and out, she would pull her pelvis away,
teasing herself, and me, on the tip of my tongue.  Kneeling,
with a knee on either side of my head, she lifted her hips
off my face, and slowly rolled forward and back, dragging my
tongue along her slit.  I marveled at her sweet taste as her
fluids trickled slowly down my face and mingled with my
beard.  She surprised me completely as she suddenly reached
down and grabbed me by the throat and squeezed.  Pushing
down, she moved my head and tongue away from her clit,
thrusting me painfully to the bed.  Tightening her grip, she
slowly cut off my air supply and muttered "Eat you bastard,
or . . ." her words were cut off, as I arced my neck up
catching her nub with a strong stroke and she moaned
appreciatively.  Occasionally she would relinquish her hold
on my throat allowing me to gulp in a few quick gasps of air.
After about 5 minutes of this my throat began to ache, and I
was relieved when she released her hold there.
    I felt a hand at my cock, encompassing it, stoking it.  I
was painfully hard when I felt something cold and wet being
rubbed along my shaft.  As the hand rubbed up and down, and I
continued to nibble at Marie's box, I slowly realized that my
dick was getting numb and was losing the feeling there.  The
feeling slowly spread to my balls and I think my upper
thighs, though I couldn't distinguish where my senses ended.
I was being a bit distracted.  I felt hands running up and
down my legs as well, a pair on each leg, long finger-nails
tracing light scratches down my thighs and calves, playing
with the hair there.  My mind staggered at the realization
that there must be at least four different women here.
    Marie gently lowered herself down and I nibbled softly on
her clit with my front teeth, rubbing it between them and my
tongue, dragging it back and forth.  I forgot about the
others completely at this point.  She let out a cry of
pleasure and her hands dug into my hair again pulling and
tugging.  Then grabbing my ears with either hand she pulled
herself against my mouth roughly, and I sucked down on her
cunt, as if trying to suck her into my mouth.  I was rewarded
with a loud scream of ecstasy and then I felt her begin to
tremble.  If only I had my hands free, I thought.  As she
rocked back and forth, I really went to work on her clit
slamming my tongue back and forth, driving her on to a
shattering orgasm.  As she rocked back and forth, she began
to drag her box back and forth over my chin and cheek bones,
rubbing against my soft beard as I gasped for breath.
    I realized that one of the women was straddling my hips
then, and slowly understood that someone was riding me.  Even
though I couldn't feel my prick, I could tell, by the way she
was riding up and down, clearing my stomach by an appreciable
amount, that I must still have the raging hard-on I felt
earlier.  As Marie rolled off me, she slapped me again,
across my right cheek, and with the crack of pain, I thrust
my hips up, impaling my host, whoever she was.  I heard a
moan of pleasure as I rocked my hips back.  Then I felt
fingernails dig into my chest, scratching down and I
suspected that I would see more blood there, but my thoughts
were broken as I arched my back again, driving up into her.
    Thrusting my hips up and back, I continued to thrust into
her waiting pussy.  Though I couldn't feel anything in my
prick, I could discern my effectiveness through her moans and
from the fingernails digging into my flesh.  Even though the
pain was excruciating, my excitement at this was
overwhelming.  As I thrust up and back, I started rolling my
hips from side to side, driving into her to the right and
sliding out to the left, causing her to whimper in enjoyment.
Then without warning I started slamming my hips up, pounding
into her.  I was beyond caring at this point as her nails dug
into my side and I felt some of her weight shift to her hands
as she began to grunt and pant with her impending orgasm.
Continuously thrusting up, I drove her to the edge, and right
as I felt I had her on the edge, I thrust up, and then
stopped.  Her gasp was loud and pronounced, and I slowly slid
down.  Painfully slowly.  It felt as if her fingers were
embedded in my ribs as her grip tightened.  Slowly, I moved
and she gasped out "Oh God!  Jesus!  Yes!"  Back and forth
three times I stroked, guessing at the breach point, then
with out warning I jackhammered back up into her, moving my
hips as quickly as possible up and down.  "YES!  JESUS YES!"
she cried out, and as her body shook with her orgasm, she
collapsed onto my chest and bit down on my shoulder.  I
yelled as her teeth bit in deeply, bucking my hips up,
picking both of us off the bed and I held us there.  Slowly I
sagged back to the bed, as her arms encircled my head her
mouth meeting with mine, our togues driving together
entwining in an impassioned kiss.  After a moment of this, as
our hips slowed from the slow rocking I had been maintaining,
hard as it was with her weight on me, we slumped to the bed
in exhaustion.  Laying there across my chest, gasping, she
ran her fingers absently through my hair, muttering something
unintelligible.  I felt blood trickling down my shoulder and
wondered where this would end.

    I woke up to the feeling of wet pressure on my cock.  Not
knowing, for a moment, where I was, I tried to sit up, but
then remembered the bonds on my wrists and ankles.  Then as
the flame of pain ran through my shoulder and chest I
remembered the bites and scratches.  Laying back in pain, I
became more aware of the warmth surrounding my dick, and
realized that one of the women was once again riding up and
down on it.  Slowly, she moved up and down, and I enjoyed the
feel of her tight muscles grip and release my cock.
Tightening at the top she would slide down, and then
loosening the powerful hold, slide back up.  I had never
encountered a woman with such a powerful 'grip', but then
again, I had never met any women like these at all.  I sighed
with pleasure and pulled my hips back slightly, helping with
the thrust.  As she became aware of my consciousness, my
unseen lover slowed her pace.  If only I knew who was who, I
thought.  With agonizing patience, she rode up, and at the
top of her cycle, I would pull back the slightest bit, so
the knob of my shaft would catch in her outer lips, bringing
a gasp from her.  We continued this for hours it seemed, a
slow leisurely pace.  In my exhausted state, I was glad of
this change of pace.  Pulling slightly against my bonds for
leverage, I thrust up slowly meeting her lunge for plunge.
    One of the women, trembling a bit climbed across my
chest, but this time facing the woman mounting my prick.
Licking at her cunt softly, as it was arched back toward me,
I heard her moan in pleasure and the two took up a mutual
rhythm, riding my face and dick in synch.  It was is they
were dry fucking, but with me in the middle.  The sounds of
their impassioned kisses reached my ears, muffled as they
were by my unknown facerider's thighs.  Flicking my tongue
lightly against her love hole, I played her like an
instrument, and she let out little high pitched squeals of
pleasure.  It was infuriating not knowing who I was attending
to.  For a moment I imagined a petite blonde riding my face
with her quick jerking motions, but these thoughts were
disrupted as her gasps of pleasure intensified, and she
leaned forward against her other lover and she began to grind
against my face.  Arching my head up and off the bed, I
leaned it forward and buried my tongue as deeply in her pussy
as I could and received a pleasant groan from her, and began
to move my head from side to side, dragging it across her
nether lips.  Then I turned my head slightly and taking one
of her lips gently between my tongue and teeth, I nibbled
gently then slid along it to her clit, which I attacked
voraciously.  She screamed in a final gasp of pleasure and
collapsed forward almost knocking the other woman from my
hips.  She lay there for a moment as I continued to lick
gently on her nub and move my hips in the slow rhythm I had
been maintaining, and I suspected that she had passed out.
After a moment, she slowly rolled off me and I heard her, or
someone else slump to the floor.  A couple low voices spoke
briefly insuring that she was ok, but apparently they helped
her from the room and as far as I knew I was left with my
unseen rider.  Gritting my teeth I concentrated on the
sensations I was feeling from my cock, buried in this
fuckstress.
    Slowly as my pleasure intensified, I quickened the pace
gradually, and heard her responsive gasps and moans.  She
was someone used to being quiet I was sure, but the sounds
escaped from her regardless.  As we approached a bed rocking
pace, I felt my impending orgasm, and slowly I approached the
peak as I began driving quickly in and out of her hot cunt
she literally bounced on the bed impaling herself on me.
    With a loud groan, she arched over, and I found a breast
in my face, and immediately located her nipple and began
nibbling on it's firmness.  This seemed to send her over the
edge, as she sat up and drove herself forcefully down on my
raging hard-on.  With a scream she began to tremble as she
lowered herself on my cock right as I reached my peak and
shot my cum deep into her.  With a gasp and a whimper she
mutter "Yes!" as throes of orgasm shook us both.  Leaning
forward, placing her hands and forearms gently on my
shoulders, she began kissing me tenderly on the neck and
throat.  As I lay there, the after-shocks of my orgasm
bringing small thrusts into her, I gasped for air.

    "Wake up" the voice said, and I recognized it as
Joanne's.  Groggily, I lifted my head and saw her standing
in the doorway.  "Put these on."  Lifting my arms carefully I
found that I was no longer bound, and a pair of new blue
jeans, landed on the bed beside me.  She turned and walked
out of the room.
    Sitting up gingerly in the bed, I found a large white
gauze pad on my shoulder where I had been bitten, and saw a
dark red stain in the center.  "Jesus" I whispered at the
concept of such a viscous bite.  Looking at my chest I was
shocked by the number of scratch and claw marks, and could
see a number of them lined with red where small scabs were
trying to form.  Apparently, someone had washed me up a bit,
as there was no blood otherwise.  Looking down at the sheets,
I wasn't surprised to see a spot below where my right
shoulder was, about 5 inches across.  A dark red matching
that on my bandage.  Groaning I stood up and started pulling
on the pants.  I found my wallet and keys in the pockets and
the wad of twenties Joanne had given me.  Walking to the
bathroom, I turned on the lights and grimaced at the figure
that looked back at me in the mirror.  What a sight.  A nice
black eye was forming under my right eye and a number of
light bruises and welts were making themselves evident.
"Jesus" I muttered.  On the hamper beside the toilet, I found
my shirt, folded on top of my shoes and socks.  Pulling these
on, I turned from the room as a horn blew outside.  Peering
out the window into the darkness I saw a yellow cab.
    "He's waiting for you."  Joanne's voice again.  I turned
and in a daze followed her out of the room.  In the living
room, I paused and looked at Marie, sitting in front of the
TV.  She turned and glared at me, and I walked out of the
room silently.
    As I opened the door to the cab, I heard Joanne's voice
say "Thursday night.  8:30.  Don't be late."  She walked back
in the house.  The nerve of that bitch I thought,
unconsciously placing my hand over my bandaged shoulder,
wincing at the pain.
    "Hey buddy, let's go!  I don't have all night."  Of all
the cab driver's in Northern Virginia, and I have to get one
that speaks English.  As I walked into my house, my roommate
looked at me and muttered "Christ!  What the fuck happened to
you?"  I just shook my head and walked back to my room,
completely humiliated and collapsed on my bed nearly in
tears.

    The weekend passed.  It's Thursday night at 6:00.  Do I
go?  My common sense says no, but the raging hard-on says
otherwise.

--
