Archive-name: First/book.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Book, The


                          The Beginning

     There comes a time when your mind  becomes  so  loaded  with
experiences  that  you  must tell someone about them to allow new
ones to take their places.   They become a part of your  everyday
life.   They affect you in the form of daydreams,  not allowing a
moment to concentrate on the job at hand.   At first they are  no
more  than  just a fast glimpse of a girl in your past.   Quickly
she passes, but give her a few moments, she'll be back.  When she
comes back however watch out!   She is going to be more than  you
can  handle.   She will come to you in a form more beautiful than
she ever really was.  She becomes exactly what you want.  Exactly
what you  wished  her  to  be,  whether  it  be  an  actual  past
experience  or  and experience you wished to have happen that for
some unknown reason never did.   But you  know  why  they  didn't
happen don't you?   You were too nervous to make them happen.  To
ask her to do something special to turn you on even  more  or  to
spend more time to turn her on even more.
     In  your  dreams  everything seems to work out right doesn't
it?   She is putty in your hands.   Doing everything your  little
heart  desires.    If  your  heart wishes to please her more than
anyone else she will moan and groan and thrash and throw just the
way you like.   Wouldn't it be wonderful if  all  your  daydreams
were true?
     If  you spend enough time daydreaming about the way you wish
your past had been or the way you hope your future will  be,  you
will  find  yourself  in  a  situation  where nothing seems to go
right.   You keep wishing for things to happen but they never  do
because  you  won't  work  hard enough to make them happen.   You
think because  they  work  so  easily  in  your  dreams  that  it
shouldn't be too much harder in real life.  But it is.
     Let  me tell you about some of my experiences and you decide
for yourself if they  are  true  or  not.    Some  will  be  real
experiences  and  some  will  be  the  things  that  I wished had
happened.  Most of it will be real but does it really matter?
     As a person is growing up they have, as all people do, their
first sexual experience.   I am referring to the first time  that
you  come  in contact with a girl.   Most guys first encounter is
usually a girl with whom you are actually experimenting.  You may
not think you are experimenting at the time but if you look  back
at  it  you  feel  very inadequate and tell yourself how dumb you
were not to know what you were doing.  That is how I look back at
my first encounter.   I was young and stupid but boy was  it  was
fun while it was happening.
     My  girlfriend's  name was Linda.   It's really hard to call
her a girlfriend because it was really just a puppy love.  It was
in junior high school when I knew her.   She was very  tall  with
long beautiful black hair.  I say she was tall only because I was
the  shortest guy in the school.   I guess it is all relative but
she really did look cute anyway.   She was by no means  the  most
beautiful  girl  in  the school but there sure as hell were a lot
worse.
     It was toward the end of the school year when  I  first  met
her.    My teacher had asked me to clean out a book room and sort
the books by title and place them neatly on their proper shelves.
Of course I was the kind of person that would do anything to  get
out  of  class  so I spent all day sorting these books.   After a
while it got pretty boring so I asked my teacher  if  one  of  my
friends could help me.   It was not that I couldn't do it myself,
I just wanted someone to  shoot  the  shit  with.    My  teacher,
because  that  there  was only a few days of school left,  didn't
care and said sure.   In addition to getting my friend,  he  also
brought  along  Linda  whom he introduced as a friend of his.   I
didn't mind having an extra person to talk to so I didn't put  up
any  arguments.    We were busy sorting books and talking and the
day went by real fast.   By the end of the day,  we had  all  the
books  sorted  and  in  their  place.    I natural didn't tell my
teacher because I wanted to milk this job for all it  was  worth.
I  told  her  we  had more work to do and we should be able to be
done in a day or two.   We always left some books in a messy pile
so that we could show her we were not yet done.
     The   next  day  we  started  early  in  the  morning  doing
absolutely nothing.   We just sat  on  our  asses  talking.    My
friend,  David, lit up a cigarette which at that age was a mortal
sin to be caught doing,  especially in school but closed  in  the
book room we really didn't care.   He puffed on the cigarette and
the room became filled with smoke.  Cigarette smoke always seemed
to give me headaches so I laid down on the floor to relax.  Linda
said that she was tired (or so she said) and also  laid  down  on
the  floor  but  unfortunately not near me.   David said,"why not
join the crowd," so he got up and turned off the light  and  then
he  also  laid  down  on the floor.   It was kind of hard to fall
asleep on a hard floor so I just kind of laid there.   As my eyes
began to adjust to what little light was coming under the door, I
noticed that David had laid down next to Linda and they had their
arms  around  each  other  and were busy kissing away.   This was
something I had never done with anyone before so I got an instant
hard-on watching them.   After a few minutes,  I saw David's hand
slip down inside Linda's shirt.  This was too much.  I was really
testing  the  stitching  on  my pants zipper.   I really couldn't
believe they were actually doing this.   I really wanted  to  run
over there and stick my hand down her shirt too.   But of course,
I couldn't do that it wouldn't be right to bother them so I  just
lay there until they were done.  They never went any farther than
that but boy what a show that was.
     They  finally  got  up  and  turned  on the lights and Linda
recomposed herself and we talked for a while,  sorted the rest of
the  books  and  then  left  the  book  room  for  our respective
classrooms.   The next day was the last day of school and we were
too  busy  to  work  in  the book room.   At that point we really
didn't want too.  The job had served its purpose well.
     David and Linda were going out for pizza  after  school  and
asked  me  to  come along.   I said sure.   I met David and Linda
outside the school and we started walking to a pizza  parlor  not
too far away.  As we were walking down the street, David's mother
drove  by and stopped when she saw him.   She called him over and
asked to see his report card.   It was nowhere near good and  she
started  screaming  and  threw  him  into the car and drove away.
There wasn't too much we could do  about  what  happened  and  we
decided  that just the two of us would go for pizza.   We sat and
ate our pizza and talked about anything that came  to  our  minds
and  over  the  course of the next hour and a half we became very
friendly.   As a gesture of friendship,  and that's all it was at
the time,  I invited Linda to my house to go swimming.   I didn't
expect it but she accepted my invitation right away  without  any
apprehension.   From that point on, while walking to her house to
get her bathing suit and then to my house,   I was on cloud nine.
A girl actually accepted an invitation from ME.
     The  walk to my house took forever.   I couldn't wait to see
her in her bathing suit.  We talked along the way,  and I started
to  really like her.   She was very nice to me like no other girl
had been before.   I actually got up the nerve to hold her  hand.
Boy  was  that a great accomplishment for me.   I was so proud of
myself.   She let me hold her hand without  giving  any  sign  of
discontent.
     We  arrived  at  my house and we went inside so I could show
her around.   We found my mother working in  the  kitchen  and  I
introduced Linda to her.   I wasn't too sure what my mother would
say about me bringing a girl home but my mother was very pleasant
about it so I wasn't quite as nervous.   I finished showing Linda
around the house and then I took her downstairs to the pool.  She
couldn't  wait  to go swimming so I showed her the bathroom where
she could get changed and I went off into another room to  change
into my bathing suit.
     After  a few minutes Linda emerged from the bathroom wearing
a super bright almost hot pink one piece bathing suit.  It really
made her look beautiful.   It accented her long black hair.   For
the  first  time I noticed that she actually had a set of tits on
her that very few girls in the school had.  They were quite large
by junior high school standards.  In actuality, they weren't that
big but they sure looked nice.   I think that she noticed that  I
was staring at her chest by the big smile on her face.   Before I
could say anything, not that I could,  she ran outside and jumped
into the pool.
     I  put  my eyes back in my head and jumped in the pool after
her.  We swam and splashed around for about an hour.  My pool has
a slide and we had lots of fun going down the slide together with
Linda sitting between my legs.   I know she had to be feeling  my
hard-on  because  it  was  sticking her right in the back but she
gave no indication.   We played around in the pool until we  were
water-logged.    Linda  said she was getting out so she could dry
off.  Of course I followed her.
     We wiped ourselves off and then went back into the house  to
change.    As  we stepped through the door into the house,  Linda
stopped.   I had no idea what she was doing but it didn't take me
long to find out.   She held my hand and gave me a big kiss right
on the lips.   WOW!   I couldn't believe she did that.   She just
smiled  at  me  and I noticed her looking down at my bathing suit
and seeing a real big lump.  I had the hard-on of a lifetime. She
let out a  little  giggle  and  said,  "would  you  like  to  see
something real interesting?"
     Before  I could clear my throat to say anything,  she slowly
began pulling her shoulder strap down her arm  and  then  pulling
her  arm  through  it.   Then she reached for her other strap and
pulled her arm through it too.    She  was  just  standing  there
showing me lots of cleavage.   I think I was drooling on my chest
but I didn't notice.   My eyes were glued  to  her  chest.    She
slowly  and teasingly began pulling down her bathing suit showing
more and more of her tits as she went.   She was  going  so  slow
that  it  seemed  forever  for one of her nipples to pop out from
underneath her suit.   I thought I was going to cream in my pants
right there.   Then her other nipple popped out.  They were small
and pointy.   As the bathing suit came down a little  farther,  I
could see the whole form of her tits.
     I was having trouble breathing.  I couldn't believe all this
was  happening.    She just stood there with an ear to ear smile,
blinding me with her pearly white teeth.
     "Don't you have anything to say?" she said.
     "You leave me speechless, what would you like me to say?"
     "How about asking to touch them."
     "Can I?"
     "Go for it."
     I tried to raise my hands but I was still  so  stunned  that
they wouldn't budge.  They felt so numb.
     Linda,  then  realizing  my problem,  took my hand up to her
mouth and kissed it and then placed it right on her chest.    For
the  first  time in my life,  I knew what it was to feel a girl's
softer spot.   It was an outstanding feeling.   I felt her nipple
sticking into the palm of my hand and it seemed to get larger.  I
was  still  a  little  spastic  with my actions.   I wasn't doing
anything with my hand but letting it sit there.
     She said, "here, let me show you what to do."
     She pushed my hand away and grabbed her tits  with  her  own
hands and started squeezing and massaging them.   She looked like
she was really enjoying it.   Then she started playing  with  her
nipples,  rolling them between her thumb and index finger.   They
just seemed to get even bigger.   Then she said,  "now why  don't
you try."
     I  placed  both  my hands on her chest and started squeezing
her tits.   It was fabulous.   They were so  firm.    I  couldn't
believe it.   I stood there playing with her tits, doing what she
did, rolling her nipples between my fingers.  She loved it.   She
actually  let  out  what  sounded  like a little moan.   I was in
heaven.
     After a few minutes of playing with her tits,  she  appeared
to be really getting turned on.   But then what do I know at that
age.
     She said, "let's try something different."
     She put her hand behind my neck and  pulled  my  head  right
down  into  her  chest  putting  one of her nipples right into my
mouth.
     "Suck on them" she said,  "suck on them like you would  want
me to suck on your cock."
     I  sure  as  hell  didn't give her any argument.   I started
sucking on her tits as if my life depended on it.   I  went  from
one  to the other.   Back and forth.   I even got real daring and
started squeezing her tits while  I  sucked  on  them.    I  kept
concentrating  real hard on what I was doing so I wouldn't appear
like I didn't know anything.   I kind of figured  she  knew  that
anyway.    I kept sucking and squeezing.   I couldn't get enough.
They tasted so good.   She shocked me when she lifted my head up.
She  made me feel like I was doing something wrong.   I asked her
if I could help her get changed.  I meant it to be sarcastic.   I
didn't expect anything to come of it.
     "No thank you,  I think I can do that by myself.   But there
is one thing you can do for me.  Here, hold this."
     Like a flash she dropped her bathing suit to her ankles  and
stepped  out of it.   There was this beautiful bush staring me in
the face.  She picked up the bathing suit and handed it to me and
said, "how do you like it?"
     "The bathing suit?"
     "No silly, that's not what I'm talking about."
     "It's real nice."
     "Would you like to see it a little bit better?"
     "Sure."
     She took me by the hand and led me over to a chair.
     "Promise me you will stand right here until I  say  you  can
move."
     "Sure, anything you say."
She sat down on the chair and gave me a real big smile.
     "Promise me you won't tell anyone I did this."
     "Of course not" I replied.
     She  leaned  back  and spread her legs putting them over the
armrests.   What a pussy!   It was pink and real wet.   Just like
the  ones in those magazines my father has.   I was just standing
there in complete shock.   She put her hands between her legs and
started rubbing.
     She said, "have you ever seen a girl's pussy before?  Do you
like it?"
     "No, yes"
     "Make up your mind."
     "It looks wonderful."
     I just stood there staring between her legs.   Her breathing
began to get heavy.   I began rubbing my dick through  my  pants.
Linda  noticed  and said,  "why don't you pull it out where I can
see it."
     I pulled  my  hard-on  out  without  any  hesitation.    She
continued rubbing her pussy without missing a stroke.
     She said, "step a little closer so I can get a better look.
     I  did as she asked.   To my surprise,  she grabbed on to my
cock with her right hand keeping her left at a steady pace.   She
started  stroking  me.    What  a  feeling.   I could feel myself
coming.   I knew it wouldn't take long  because  she  had  me  so
worked up.
     "I want you to come on my chest."
     "No problem, here it comes."
     I shot my load all over her chest.  I felt my knees begin to
give way.   I could barely hold myself up.   She began rubbing it
into her chest but never stopped massaging her pussy.    By  this
time.  her pussy was soaked.  She put both hands back to work and
said that now it was her turn and she wanted me to just sit  back
and  watch.    I sat down on the floor right in front of her just
watching her go at it.   She began huffing and puffing  all  over
again.    She  started  rubbing faster and faster.   After only a
minute or two she let out a moan or a groan or what ever the hell
it was and she started to jerk and shake wildly.   Her legs  went
up into the air.  After a few seconds she finally calmed down and
put her legs back together and her feet on the floor.   She threw
her head back and just seemed to want to relax.
     "Boy did that feel good.   It has been a long time  since  I
came like that.  I love playing with myself in front of guys.  It
really turns me on."
     "You can do it in front of me anytime."
     "I think it is time to get changed now."
     I  was  disappointed  because  I was almost hard again but I
knew she was right; it was getting late.
     "I am going to get changed.  I'll be right back."
     With that she turned and stepped into the bathroom.  What an
ass she had too.
     A minute or two later she  came  out  of  the  bathroom  all
dressed.    I  was  kind of disappointed but I didn't really know
what to expect.   Linda said that she had to go home for  dinner,
so I,  being the gentleman that I was, walked her home.  I was in
a daze the whole time we were walking.   I was holding  her  hand
and thinking about all the things that had happened.
     We  arrived  at  the  front  of her house and stopped at the
door.   She said she had a wonderful time and hoped that we could
do it again in the near future.   I again became speechless.  She
gave me a really big kiss,  said good-bye and  stepped  into  her
house.    I  ran home as fast as I could just thinking about what
she had said.   I ran into my house and headed straight  for  the
bathroom to jerk off.  What a day it had been.
     To  this  day  that  event has haunted me.   Every time I am
sitting in class,  Linda pops into my mind and I go through  that
afternoon  over  and over again.   Each time is almost as good as
the first.
     I didn't see Linda for several years.  Her father was in the
Army and was transferred a short time later.   That  sounds  like
bullshit  but  that's what really happened.   My first experience
came to an end rather abruptly.
     Time went on.  My confidence being greatly boosted thanks to
Linda.   Now I was able to  say  that  my  sexual  education  had
started.    Unfortunately,  I  did  not get to put it into use or
expand on it for several years.   All through high school I never
had what you would call a girlfriend.   I belonged to a few clubs
but none of them had any girls.   There were some real nice  ones
in  some  of my classes but we had just become friends.   I never
had the nerve to ask any of them out.   I dreamed of  the  things
that  could  have happened if I just had enough nerve to ask them
out.   I was not very good at handling rejection.   I think  that
was  my biggest problem.   I was afraid of being rejected.   If I
had been less afraid,  my love life might have been an awful  lot
better than it was.
     After several years without a girlfriend, I found myself not
really  caring whether I had a girlfriend or not.   I kept myself
busy with school activities and I would jerk off every  night  to
relieve my sexual frustration.   This was never too big a problem
until my senior prom drew near.   I had always wanted to  take  a
really  nice looking girl.   I was not too thrilled with the idea
of a prom,  basically because I don't like to dance.   But it was
my senior prom and I would never forgive myself if I didn't go.
     So  now  the problem was to find someone to ask and then get
up enough nerve to ask her.   Well finding the  girl  wasn't  too
hard.   There were plenty of girls I would like to ask.   The big
question was to get up the nerve to ask one of them  to  go  with
me.  Then if I asked, what would she say?
     I  was  running out of time very quickly.   I finally got up
the nerve to ask a girl that was in my English class.    She  sat
next  to  me  and  her name was Beth.   She was a cute blond with
loads of curly hair.  One of the really nice things about her was
that she was the same height as I was.   That was very  important
to me.
     I  was  in pain.   I started a conversation with her one day
just before the end of class.   I let the conversation  stray  to
the  prom which was only two weeks away.   I asked her if she was
going to the prom with anyone in  particular  and  she  said  no.
That was what I was hoping she would say.  I had my textbook line
ready.
     "Would you like to go with me?"
     At the moment I finished saying that, I tensed up and prayed
she  wouldn't  reject  me  even  though I had already assumed she
would.   She gave me a great big smile and a bright red blush and
said, "sure".
     My  heart  fell  to  my  feet.   It was the most sensational
feeling I had felt in a long time.  But I couldn't stop there.  I
had something else planned.   I asked for her phone number  so  I
could call her that night and talk about our evening at the prom.
She  wrote  it out on a little piece of notebook paper and handed
it to me.   At that moment the bell rang and we were off to  next
class.
     For the remainder of the day I was very nervous wondering if
I  had done the right thing.   I realized it was too late to back
out so I decided to finish what I had started.   No  matter  what
the  results.    As  it  turned  out,  that  was  one of the best
decisions I had ever made.  I home after school still not sure of
myself.  What if she was just fooling around.  Maybe she was just
playing a joke on me.   I really wanted to take her to the  prom.
At that point I convinced myself that she meant what she said and
I was going to call her later that evening.
     Once  I convinced myself that everything would be all right,
I felt much more relaxed.  I started fantasizing what it would be
like to see Beth  with  her  clothes  off.    She  was  always  a
conservative  dresser  in school so I wasn't really too sure what
her body was shaped like.    She  always  dressed  in  very  nice
clothing  but  never  anything  tight.    I knew her tits weren't
enormous because that is a little hard to conceal.   But  I  knew
she wasn't flat chested either.
     I  dreamed about seeing her blonde bush,  hoping it was just
as blonde as the hair on her head.  Maybe I could get her to give
me my first blowjob or with a little luck we  could  go  all  the
way.    After a few minutes of thoughts like that,  I woke up and
decided that a good place to start would be to just  get  her  to
the prom and worry about how far I was going to get later.
     Dinner  time  rolled around and I ate quickly.   I wanted to
call Beth right after dinner.   But  would  that  be  too  early?
Would  I  bother  her  during  dinner?   I started worrying about
everything all over again.  I was a hopeless case.
     I finally decided to call her not really caring what time it
was.  I just wanted to talk to her.  I got my fingers to dial the
number and I stopped breathing while the phone was ringing.    My
heart  stopped  when  someone picked up the phone.   A soft sweet
voice was at the other end.   I wasn't sure if it was  her  so  I
asked if Beth was home.
     She said, "Hi, it's me".
     Oh, Hi.  I hope I'm not interrupting your dinner."
     "No.   I had an early dinner and I am sitting in the bathtub
right now, just relaxing.
     I felt a lump inside my  throat  when  she  said  that.    I
started imagining her lying in the bathtub.  What a body.
     "I am glad you accepted my invitation to the prom."
     "I'd love to go with you.  Thank you for asking."
     She  sounded  so  sincere  that  I couldn't believe that she
would be pulling my leg so I put that completely out of my mind.
     "Well,  in addition  to  going  to  the  prom,  I  was  also
wondering  if  you  would  like  to  come  over to my house to go
swimming sometime this weekend."
     I figured my luck was running so good that  why  not  get  a
little greedy and see just how far she will go.
     "I  am  going  to  be busy this Saturday with me parents but
Sunday would be great."
     I asked if she would be able to get  over  to  my  house  or
would she like my to pick her up.
     "Pick me up about noon."
     She  gave  her address and we said our good-byes.   I didn't
really want to end the conversation but she said she had  to  get
out  of the tub.   I hung up the phone thinking this was going to
be a great weekend, if I had enough nerve to make it one.
     I had called Beth on a Thursday so we had one  more  day  of
school  to  see  each  other before the weekend.   I got to class
before she did and just sat waiting for her to get there.   I was
really  nervous  to  face  her  after  our conversation the night
before.  I knew I would calm down once we started talking.   Beth
got  to class just before the teacher started teaching.   We said
hello to each other but had no time to talk.   The  class  lasted
right  up  to  the  bell so again we didn't get any time to talk.
She just said on her way out, "see you Sunday".
     All night Friday and all day Saturday were spent fantasizing
about all the possible events of Sunday.    I  jerked  off  every
chance I got just thinking about how it would be with Beth.
     Linda was a real exhibitionist and I kind of liked that.   I
hoped Beth would be the same way with one  little  addition.    I
wanted  to go all the way.   A guy just isn't as sensitive to his
first as a girl is.   I would have done it with Linda or any  one
of a dozen other girls I knew.  Who it was wasn't that important.
I just had to do it.
     Sunday  morning  rolled  around and I got up real early just
thinking about the day ahead of  me.    I  couldn't  wait.    The
morning seemed to drag.   I had never felt this much anticipation
before.  It was a very strange feeling.  I wanted to go as far as
I could with Beth but I didn't want to push too hard.   I  didn't
want her getting mad at me,  especially just before the prom.   I
don't think I could have found anybody else on such short notice.
But I wanted to get her clothes off so bad,  another fine mess  I
got  myself  into.    From  eleven o'clock to eleven-thirty I sat
watching the clock.   I finally decided it was time to leave.   I
knew  I could get to her house in about fifteen minutes but I had
to get out of my house before I went crazy.  I got in the car and
started driving and of course I got there in fifteen minutes so I
had to kill fifteen more minutes before I went to  get  her.    I
couldn't  show  up early so I parked my car on a near by secluded
street and got myself off one last time  before  I  actually  saw
Beth.
     The  time had come.   I pulled up and parked in front of her
house, got out of the car and went up to the front door.   I took
a deep breath and rang the doorbell.  The same as in the past, it
felt  like  my  heart  stopped.    I waited like what seemed like
forever.   I heard someone coming to the door.    It  opened  and
there stood Beth.  The same cute blonde as in school.  She looked
a  little  different  this  time.   She was wearing a short silky
bright green robe, hip level, and a pair of flip-flops.
     "I'm already to go.   I have my bathing suit  on  underneath
and clothes to change into in the bag."
     "Lets go then", I replied.
     We  made  lots  of  small  talk  in the car on the way to my
house, mostly about school.  I watched her legs as I was driving.
Her robe rode up her legs as time past.   She had a nice  set  of
legs.  I wanted to get between them so bad.  The ride back to the
house  wasn't  as  bad  as it was going to Beth's because we were
busy talking and time passed quickly.  We arrived at my house and
as if luck was on my side today,  my parents were out and took my
brother with them.  We were actually alone at my house.  I showed
Beth around to the back of the house.   She commented on how nice
the pool was and that she couldn't wait to jump in.   I asked her
if  she wanted anything to drink and she said no thanks.   I told
her I was going inside to get changed and I would  be  out  in  a
minute  so  she  should go ahead into the pool without me.   As I
closed the bathroom door I could hear Beth splashing in the pool.
In a little while I came out to find Beth  splashing  around  and
playing  with  one  of  the floating toys.   I immediately tossed
myself in and swam a couple of laps to get warmed up.  I stuck my
head out of the water just in time to see Beth  coming  down  the
slide.    She  was  wearing  a  bright  yellow  bikini.   Not the
skimpiest but it was nice and she looked nice in it.    I  didn't
get a good look but I'm sure I would.
     Beth was swimming around and laughing and having a grand old
time.    She swam over by me and thanked me for inviting her over
to swim.  I told her she was very welcome and she could come over
anytime.
     We swam around very innocently  for  the  remainder  of  the
afternoon.  We splashed each other and played with the floats and
other  toys  we had in the pool.   I felt like I was a little kid
again.   We were really having a lot of fun.   I was glad we were
getting  along so well.   However all good things must come to an
end,  or do they?   Beth started complaining that she was getting
cold.   That is the first sign that it is time to get out.  I got
out and told her that I would be right back with some towels.   I
ran  into the house,  grabbed some towels and ran back out again.
Beth was just starting to climb up the ladder.   What a body  she
had.    It was perfect for the bikini.   I held out the towel and
wrapped it around her nice and tight.  I was about to let go when
she just leaned right up against me with  my  arms  still  around
her.
     "That's better.  I know I won't be cold now."
     I stood there holding her in my arms not knowing what to do.
I  said,  "why don't you go inside and change into something dry.
You'll feel a lot warmer."
     "No,  that's okay.   I think I'll stay right where I am.   I
like it here."
     We  stood  facing  each  other  for a few minutes.   We were
looking into each others eyes,  not really knowing what to say or
what  to  do.   I really don't remember what I was even thinking.
Spontaneously,  I leaned my head forward and gave her a  peck  on
the beak.   She immediately smiled.  That made me feel a lot more
comfortable.
     Beth dropped her towel and put her arms around me  and  gave
me  a  kiss that will take a long time to forget.   Our lips were
together for quite a long time.   We  were  both  enjoying  every
moment  of  it.    We finally broke ourselves apart and looked at
each other very contently.   Her very calming personality made me
loosen  up beyond my expectations.   I felt very comfortable with
Beth, and especially in her arms.
     She was starting to shiver so  I  recommended  that  we  get
changed.    Beth  went  into  the bathroom and emerged soon after
wearing a tight pair of jeans and a halter top that you could see
her nipples pointing through.
     "Your turn", she said.
     So into the bathroom I went.   I got changed into  the  same
clothes I had on when I picked her up .  They were handy.  I came
out  of  the  bathroom  and  found  Beth  sitting on a pool chair
outside.
     "Are you ready to go?"
     I really don't know why I asked.   I really didn't  want  to
take her home,  but it sounded appropriate.  It was getting later
in the day and I'm sure she wanted to eat dinner.
     "I guess so", she said.
     It didn't occur to me for a couple of  hours  that  I  don't
think  she  wanted to go home either.   I drove Beth home holding
her hand as I drove and talking about our afternoon together.
     The prom was now only one week away, on a Saturday night.  I
decided that I was going to invite Beth over one more time before
the prom, on Friday night.  I asked her if she would come over to
go swimming and stay for dinner.   I did this with a little extra
information in the back of my mind.  I knew my parents were going
out  and my brother wouldn't be hard to get rid of.   I knew if I
had Beth alone for a while, wonderful things would happen.  All I
could do was hope.
     We arrived back at Beth's house  and  as  always  being  the
gentleman  that  I  was,  I  walked  her  to the front door.   We
exchanged very nice good byes and then exchanged one  hell  of  a
kiss.   She took any words I had left right out of my mouth.  She
said good bye and stepped into the house.   I  drove  home  in  a
daze.    What a kiss!   It was actually nice going to school that
week knowing that I would see Beth.   She was always very nice to
me and would always have a big smile on her face.
     I  spoke  to Beth every night on the telephone,  usually for
several  hours.     Never  anything   important,   just   general
conversation.    As  time  passed,  I  was  getting more and more
comfortable with her.   I think I had my first  real  girlfriend.
And would you believe,  I was a senior in high school.  I got off
to a real late start.
     Friday came just as it always does, right on time.  I picked
Beth up at three in the afternoon,  after we got out  of  school.
She  got  into  the car and right away slid over to the center of
the seat.  She gave me a big kiss and said she wanted to sit next
to me.   I had no complaints.   I put my arm around her  and  she
didn't complain.   She was wearing the same robe.  I asked if she
had the same bathing suit on underneath  and  she  said  yes  and
opened up the robe to show me.   She sure was right, but I wasn't
looking at the bathing suit.   I never really took a  close  look
before  but  she  filled  out the bathing suit very nicely.   Her
chest was not big but very well proportioned for her size body.
     On the drive back to my house we had the usual  conversation
but about half way I noticed that she never closed her robe.  Her
beautiful bikinied body was there for the whole world to see. The
moment  I noticed that was the beginning of a raging hard-on that
lasted for a bit longer than I would consider comfortable.
     I kept telling myself that this was my day.
     We pulled into my driveway and I parked the car.  Neither of
us was in a hurry to get out.  She turned toward me, put her arms
around me and we began making out right there in my driveway.  We
must have been there for about thirty  minutes.    I  wrapped  my
hands  around her waist.   Her skin was so smooth and soft.   She
gave out sweet little moans as my hands massaged  her  back.    I
started to scratch her back and that got her really excited.  She
was  rubbing  my  leg  through  my jeans,  with each stroke going
higher and higher but never touching me where I wanted her too.
     We stopped a moment to catch our breath.
     "Is anyone home?"
     "No, my parents are out and I was able to send my brother to
my grandparents house for the whole night.   My parents won't  be
home until late."
     "Great,  I  was looking forward to this all week.   Let's go
swimming."
     We peeled ourselves apart,  got out of the  car  and  walked
around to the back of the house.
     "I  don't  have  to  go  inside to change today.   I have my
bathing suit on underneath."    As  a  gag,  I  started  doing  a
striptease.    I  tossed  my  sneakers  aside  and slowly started
unbuttoning my shirt.   I was swinging  my  hips  as  if  I  were
dancing to music.   My shirt came off nice and slow and I dropped
it to the ground.  Then I went to work on my pants.   I unsnapped
them  and pulled down the zipper real slowly.   Beth was standing
just a few feet away getting a real big kick  out  of  it.    For
these few minutes,  all my shyness and inhibitions were gone.   I
was just having plain fun.
     Slowly the pants started coming down.   I was  shaking  them
off  with  my hips.   They fell to my ankles and I stepped out of
them.
     "That's all folks!", I joked.
     Beth,  laughing pretty hard,  had to work  to  calm  herself
down.    She  gave  me  a kiss on the nose and said,  "Wait right
here".
     "Okay".
     Beth walked around to the deep end of the pool.   I knew she
had something in mind but I didn't know what.  She moved right up
to the edge of the pool with her toes hanging over the end.  Then
started  rocking her hips around just like I did.   She was doing
the same striptease I did.   She began to shake her shoulders and
the  robe  slipped off one shoulder at a time and then was slowly
guided to the ground.  I expected her to jump into the pool.  But
did she?  No she didn't.   She put her right arm across her chest
and  reached  around  behind herself with her left arm.   She was
moving back and forth constantly.   I saw the laces of her bikini
top come down to her side then suddenly she tossed her bikini top
on to the ground.   There stood a beautiful body with a beautiful
set of knockers all for my eyes to take in.
     I then expected her to jump into the pool,    but  she  kept
right on going.   She tucked her thumbs inside the waist band and
slowly pushed her bottoms down to her knees where she let go  and
wiggled  them  down to her ankles.   She stepped out with one leg
and kicked them behind her with the other.   Now she was standing
in  front of me with absolutely nothing on but a big smile.   She
put her hands behind her head to accent her beautiful body.   She
didn't  need  to do that.   When she felt that I had enough of an
eye full she dove into the deep water.   I followed her  lead  by
dropping my suit to the ground and jumping in after her.  We swam
straight  toward each other.   When we got close,   I reached out
and put my arms around her waist  and  pulled  her  body  against
mind.    I  never  had  a feeling quite like that one.   There is
nothing else like two cool bodies rubbing against each other.   I
felt her nipples digging into my chest and her soft hairs against
my erection.  We loved rubbing up against the other's body.
     We  slowly  moved  toward  the shallow end of the pool,  our
bodies inseparable.  Her lips pressed up against mine,  I reached
down with my hands and started massaging her tits.   I did it the
same way Linda had shown me several years earlier.   Her  nipples
were almost solid in the cool water.   Beth put her hands between
us and began rubbing my chest.   The feel  of  her  hands  on  me
almost  made  me go wild.   After spending a little time with her
beautiful mounds, I slid my hands down her sides to her exquisite
ass.   It was firm and very well shaped.   I  was  squeezing  and
running  my fingers up and down her crack.   She really seemed to
like this.  She started playing with my ass also.   It  did  feel
good.   Beth shocked me when she started playing with my asshole.
She giggled when I jumped but kept right on going.   I  began  to
do the same to her and she started to purr.   Then, with a little
apprehension,  I brought a hand around  to  her  front  side  and
slipped  it  between  her legs.   I didn't go right for her pussy
because I didn't know what she would do.   I  began  rubbing  her
thighs.   This got her even more excited.   She was loving it.  I
finally decided to go for her pussy.   I slid my hand up and made
contact.  Beth jumped and I moved my hand quickly.
     "Keep going, don't move your hand, I like it there."
     I  immediately  did as she wanted.   I placed my hand on her
thigh and slid it up until I came to Beth's pussy.    Once  again
Beth jumped, but I knew better than to move my hand this time.  I
applied  more pressure and began to move my hand forward and back
along the length of her slit.   She loved it.   The more she  got
excited the more I enjoyed getting her excited.  At this point in
time  I  completely forgot about my own pleasure and concentrated
on Beth's.   I gave careful consideration to every movement of my
hand.  I found Beth's most sensitive spot and gave it quite a bit
of  attention.    By  now  she  wasn't thinking about my pleasure
either.   She probably wasn't thinking  about  anything  but  the
excitement  between  her  legs.   Her breathing was so heavy as I
rubbed her clit that I thought she was dying but  she  felt  just
the opposite.
     At  the  same time I used a little innovation and raised her
out of the water a little bit with my leg and started sucking  on
her nipples.   I would pay close attention to the hard tips which
seemed to be continually getting harder.
     Her  excitement  started  to  build  beyond  the  point   of
containment.    She started moaning very softly,  but that didn't
last very long.   Soon she was  groaning  and  she  kept  getting
louder  and louder until she was just a few steps below a scream.
I knew she was going to come soon and that she did.    Her  whole
body  seemed  to  go  into  spasms  and her breathing became very
erratic.   She wrapped her arms  around  my  neck  and  began  to
squeeze very tightly.   I almost came just watching her come.  It
gave me a feeling of satisfaction to know that I had done that.
     Beth slowly came down from cloud nine and began to relax her
body and luckily for me,  relaxed the bear hug she had around  my
neck.    She looked at me with the biggest ear to ear smile I had
ever seen and gave me one of her usual, very healthy, kisses.
     "You're very talented."
     She tried to flatter me with bullshit.
     "I had never done that before with any girl.   I'm glad  you
liked it."
     "Liked it, I loved it.  We are going to have to do that more
often."
     "That's fine with me."
     "Come  over  here" she said as she nudged me toward the side
of the pool.
     We slowly glided over to the edge.   I didn't know what  she
had in mind but I got a real good idea when she told me to sit up
on  the  edge of the pool.   I was right,  my first blowjob.   My
dreams and fantasies were beginning to come true.
     Beth very gently took my hard-on into her hand and began  to
stroke it.
     "You better be careful you're are going to make a mess."
     "That's  the  whole  idea"  Beth snickered as she kissed the
head of my rod.
     I just leaned back and decided to  enjoy  the  ride.    Beth
began  licking  the  head like a little kid on an ice cream cone,
and I think she really  liked  ice  cream.    She  seemed  to  be
enjoying herself and I was no doubt enjoying it too.  She put the
end  in her mouth and with one stroke sank all the way down to my
balls.  I let out a moan that even surprised me.  She went up and
down with expert skill but I didn't know  any  other.    Even  no
skill  at  all would have been pretty good.   It didn't take long
for me to build up a rather healthy  load.    I  felt  my  climax
coming and I warned Beth but she kept right on going.
     "Here I come!"
     At  that moment she pulled her head away and with one mighty
stroke of her hand I shot my load right into the pool.  Beth kept
on stroking getting out every last drop then proceeded to lick my
head clean.
     "Wow", I blurted out in a tone of relief.
     "Now I know what you mean when you said you loved it.   That
was outstanding."
     Beth giggled and took off swimming toward the ladder.  I sat
catching my breath waiting to see what she would do.  She started
to  climb  out of the pool,  and as her ass came out of the water
she wiggled it in my direction.   I decided that was a good  time
to get up and follow her.   She walked over to the patio and laid
down in one of the sun chairs we had out.   I loved watching  her
walk  around  completely nude.   She signaled for me to come over
and of course I did.
     "Lay down next to me."
     Once again I did exactly as she  asked.  (I'm  just  a  push
over.   What can I tell you?)  She wrapped her arms around me and
gave me a kiss.  We started to massage each other once again.  My
hands were all over her.
     It wasn't long before I was up again.   I told  myself  that
this was the moment.   I rolled Beth onto her back and spread her
legs.   I was staring right down into her pussy.   It was soaking
wet.    I  climbed  on  top  of her and I was about to put my rod
inside her when she stopped me.
     "Not today, I want to wait for a special day.   I have never
gone all the way before.   Let's wait until tomorrow night, after
the prom."
     "I have never done it before either.  Okay, I'll wait but do
you think maybe you could take care of this little problem I have
now.
     "The little problem wouldn't happen to be sticking me in the
stomach would it?"
     "Not only are you beautiful,  with a magnificent  body,  but
you can also read minds."
     "I don't need to read minds.  You're just horny."
     "You're damn right."
     Beth rolled out from underneath me and had me lie down on my
back.   I closed my eyes just waiting for the feel of her lips on
my hot rod.  I was not waiting in vain.  There they were, just as
I expected.   Going up and down with the smoothness of silk.    I
opened my eyes to look down at her and was startled by a very wet
pussy  inches from my face.   Beth stopped what she was doing and
looked  at  me  and  said  in  a  real   childish   voice,   "Eat
me...please".
     How  could someone turn down a request like that.   I didn't
have the nerve to tell her that I had  never  eaten  out  a  girl
before.    I  had always thought it would be disgusting but was I
wrong.   I knew I had to do something so I parted her flesh  with
my  hands  and saw her little nub pointing out at me.   I started
flicking it with the tip of my tongue.   She began to  go  crazy.
She didn't taste bad at all.  Much better than I had expected.  I
started  licking  her entire pussy.   She was getting wild.   Her
body was swinging all over the place and she  was  going  up  and
down  on  my  cock  so  furiously that I thought she was going to
swallow it whole.   I couldn't hold on much  longer  and  neither
could she.   My gusher was about ready to blow.  I could feel the
spasms flowing through Beth's body and moments later  through  my
own.  Beth collapsed on top of me and we just lay there for a few
minutes.    By  this  time there wasn't much daylight left and we
were getting pretty hungry.
     "Lets put some clothes on and go upstairs to eat".    Beth's
response surprised me.
     "I  am  hungry.    You  were one hell of a meal but not very
filling.   But why do we have to put clothes on?   Lets stay just
the  way we are.   I love walking around my house in the nude but
it's not often that nobody is home."
     "That's fine with me."
     Beth climbed off me and I stood up.   I held her hand  as  I
guided her up the stairs to the kitchen.
     We arrived in the kitchen and I asked Beth if she would like
anything to drink.
     "Do you have any iced tea?"
     "Sure."
     I pulled out two glasses and poured us some tea.
     "What  would  you  like  for dinner?   I had nothing special
planned.  We have plenty here from hot dogs to hamburgers and all
the way up to roast beef.  What would you like?"
     "Well,  I've been eating the same hot dog all afternoon so I
think I'll have a hamburger this time."
     "Your right.  Okay, hamburgers it is."
     I  took  a  couple of hamburgers out of the refrigerator and
put them into the microwave.  Beth went to the refrigerator.
     "Do you have any ketchup?"
     "Yeh, it should be on the door."
     I was starting to get hard again watching Beth  walk  around
the  room  stark naked.   While looking for the ketchup,  she saw
something that caught her fancy.  She pulled out a large cucumber
and looked at me and said, "I just love cucumbers."
     She had the biggest grin on her face.    I  was  hoping  she
would  go  to  work on it but she just put it back and closed the
door.   Beth sat down at the table  just  as  the  microwave  was
finished  cooking.    I took out the hamburgers,  pulled out some
buns,  put it all together on plates and sat  them  down  on  the
table.    I sat down on the chair next to Beth.   She really must
have been hungry because she dug right in.   We did burn up a lot
of  energy  today.   We started talking about how much fun we had
today.   There was no doubt in either of our minds that it was  a
fun  day.   Beth was a little bit of a slob while she was eating.
She dripped ketchup right on to her chest.   Of course it  landed
right on her nipple.
     "Oh that's cold."
     I  started  laughing  as her nipple starting getting larger.
She went to reach for a napkin and I told her to wait.   I leaned
over  and  with my tongue,  licked the ketchup right off with one
fast flick.
     "It looks like the fun is not over yet", she commented.
     We continued to eat,  this time paying more attention to the
food.   The burgers were gone in no time at all.   I asked if she
wanted more and she said no.  I cleaned off the table like a good
little boy and put the dishes in the sink.   I turned to Beth and
said that it was getting time for me to take her home.
     "Besides,  I  have  had this hard-on almost all day and I am
getting pretty sore."
     Beth turned her chair to face me,  lifted her knees  to  her
chest  and  spread  her  legs as wide as she could showing me her
wild pussy and said,  "Does my poor baby's dick hurt?   Why don't
you come over here and let me suck on it and make it better."
     I must have grown another inch.   Now it was really starting
to hurt.
     "Please no more, not tonight.  It really does hurt."
     With that she put her legs down.
     "Okay, I understand,  but I don't want to hear any crap from
you tomorrow night."
     I wasn't too sure if she was mad at me or was being funny. I
was finally starting to get soft again.  The pain was starting to
go away.   But Beth couldn't leave well enough alone,  she had to
have one last stab at me.
     "Just keep in mind tomorrow night after the prom, my body is
yours for the taking."
     She said that in such a voice that I couldn't help  but  get
hard again.  She started to laugh real hard.
     "Don't you worry.  I'll get you back for that one.  Come on,
let's go."
     I  threw  on  some clothes that I had upstairs and Beth went
downstairs to get her clothes.   I told her I would meet  her  by
the  car.   I got outside and it was getting pretty dark so I had
to fumble for the car keys. Beth wasn't there yet so I got in the
car and started it up.   A minute or two later,  she hopped  into
the  car and I started driving her home.   As soon as I got up on
the highway,  I put my arm around her.    This  was  starting  to
become natural.   I noticed she was wearing her robe.  I couldn't
resist sliding my hand down inside  her  robe  and  grabbing  her
tits.  She wasn't wearing anything on underneath.  Suddenly...
     "Oh!  You wanted to play now do you!  Well I'll show you."
     I  knew she wasn't mad at me by the way she said that.   She
moved over to the far end of the seat,  undid her robe and tossed
it in the back seat.  I got hard instantly.  She turned and faced
me,  leaning  back against the door and placing one leg on top of
the dashboard and her other over the seat.
     "I am going to make you regret that you wouldn't let me suck
you off."
     She began playing with herself at a furious pace.   One hand
on  her  pussy  and  the other on her tits.   She was running her
fingers in and out of her hole.  She became sopping wet.  I had a
hard time staying on the road.   I had to slow down  so  I  could
watch  the  action.   Her breathing got real heavy and I knew she
was going to get herself off.   I pulled the car over to the side
of the road and turned toward Beth.
     "You  stay  right  where you are.   You deserve every bit of
this."
     She had such a large grin on her face that I  knew  she  was
loving  every  minute of it.   She got back to what she was doing
and I took my cock out of my pants and started stroking it.    No
matter how sore I was,  I just had to do it.   You wouldn't think
she could just leave me in my torment.   Oh no,  she had to tease
me right to the limit.
     In  a voice that was straining to come out of her mouth over
the sound of her heavy breathing she  began  saying,  "Don't  you
wish your tongue was in my pussy right now, stroking my clit back
and  forth,  making  me  come.    I'd have your cock in my mouth,
licking and sucking every inch of it  until  you  were  ready  to
explode.   Then I would swallow every drop of come you have.   My
pussy is so wet.  Look at what your tongue does to me.  I'm going
to come soon.   Stop...  Stop...  I want to feel your cock inside
me.  Fuck me, Fuck me...Put it in me now.  Oh yes, it'll feels so
good.    Slide  it  in nice and slow,  that's it,  start pumping,
faster, faster."
     Beth could hardly breath.  She was really getting into this.
     "I'm coming...I'm coming...I'm..."
     That's all she wrote.   She came all  right,  right  in  the
front  seat  of  my car on the highway.   Beth slowly wound down,
catching her breath one at a time.   When she was partially  back
on earth,  she reached into the back seat,  grabbed her robe, put
it on and very casually said,"Okay, you can take me home now."
     "Are you sure?  I have this raging hard-on that could really
use your lips around it."
     Beth started laughing uncontrollably, "Fuck off and die.   I
wouldn't  suck you off now if your dick was a foot long.   You're
just going to have to wait until tomorrow night."
     "Thanks."
     "Your welcome."
     I started the car rolling again toward Beth's house.   After
I  had  the  car rolling,  I put my hard-on back in my pants.   I
could here Beth snickering off to the side.   We arrived back  at
her  house  and  I  parked the car.   We just sat looking at each
other, then Beth couldn't hold it in and broke out laughing.
     "I'm really sorry about all that but I just couldn't resist,
it was so much fun."
     That's all right.  Just remember,  you'll get yours tomorrow
night."
     "Sounds like fun.  I'm looking forward to it.  It's time for
me to head inside.   Now you take good care of yourself because I
am going to run you ragged tomorrow night."
     "Keep dreaming."
     We both got a little laugh out of that and then we  got  out
of  the  car.   At the front door we gave each other a good night
kiss and said our good nights.   I was real tired and  I  had  to
drive  home cautiously.   I tried not to think of the days events
because that would just get me hard again and by this  time  that
hurt.  I had to rest up for tomorrow night.  I went straight home
and  went right to sleep.   The next thing I knew it was morning.
My dick was feeling a lot better after a good night's  rest.    I
got  out  of  bed feeling very relaxed.   The night before really
made me feel good.  But then I thought about tonight and suddenly
I was filled with anxiety.   I couldn't wait.   I hung out around
the  house  all  morning  just  relaxing  and  watching  a lot of
television.  Because I was so engrossed in the  TV,  the  morning
went  very  quickly.    The  prom  was to begin at five and I was
picking up Beth at four thirty.   At noon I went to get my tuxedo
from  the  cleaners and pick up a corsage I had ordered for Beth.
After picking up the above,  I went home and took a real long hot
shower.   It felt wonderful.   I put on my underwear,  shaved and
all those other boring things and then went to  watch  some  more
TV.    I  was starting to get real anxious again.   I was looking
forward to this prom for a long time and especially what  was  to
come after.
     Four  o'clock  was  coming near and I decided it was time to
put my tux on.   I had wasted the entire day around the house and
I  loved every minute of it.   I got dressed taking my nice sweet
time.   I was able to go slow enough so that by the  time  I  was
done  it was four fifteen and time to leave.   I talked my father
into letting me use his Lincoln.   He doesn't often let me  drive
it  even when he is in the car but tonight he let me take it with
no strings attached except that I bring it back in one piece.   I
was off to Beth's.
     Arriving at Beth's, I found her and her parents out in front
of the house taking pictures and waiting for me.   I walked up to
Beth, gave her a kiss and handed her the corsage.   She loved it.
She  gave  me  a  big  hug  to  show  her affection.   Her mother
proclaimed it picture time so Beth and I had to pose for all  the
necessary  pictures.   It was not as important to us as it was to
her parents.   Her mother finally ran out of film and we were  on
our  way.    Our high school had hired a very ritzy  country club
about a ten minute drive away.  We were there in no time.   I was
surprised to see all the limousines and foreign sports cars there
but  I'm  sure everyone tried to get the best car that they could
possibly get their hands on.   We got out of the car  and  walked
hand in hand to the entrance.
     We  entered  the lobby and saw a crowd of people.   It was a
very big place but the large number of people  made  it  seem  an
awful  lot smaller.   Beth and I looked around for friends and of
course there were plenty to be found.  They said we should get on
line right away to get our pictures taken.  So we did.  After the
pictures were taken we pigged out on the buffet.    It  was  real
good.    After  the  buffet was plenty of dancing and plenty more
food.   The band was average,  nothing special.    I  felt  great
holding Beth tight while we were dancing.   I would get a hard-on
every time we were close and she noticed.   I never did like  big
dances  so  the  evening  seemed to drag.   I was so much looking
forward to the action after the dance.   It  was  getting  to  be
about midnight and I looked at Beth.  She looked pretty bored.
     "Would you like to go or stay a little while longer?"
     "Let's get going," she said.  "This is getting dull, besides
the best part of the night is yet to come."
     She  said  the  magic words and we said our good byes to our
friends and left for the car.   Once again,  like a gentleman,  I
opened the door for her.   She was impressed.   We got in the car
and I started it to warm it up.  I asked Beth where she wanted to
go.   She said in a real seductive voice,  "let's go somewhere so
that we can be alone for a while."
     "That's no problem", I replied.
     I  started  driving  away from the country club and toward a
spot I had picked out a couple of days earlier.  Not too far away
was a reservoir with a dirt road going around it.   The road  was
very  dark  and  I  had  never  seen another car back there.   We
arrived at the entrance to the road  after  just  a  few  minutes
driving.   As I started driving down the road,  Beth commented on
how quiet and secluded it was.  About a half mile into the road I
pulled off to the side and parked the car.  Beth and I turned and
looked at each other.   We moved together and started making out.
I started squeezing her tits and she stopped me.
     "Slow down.   I want to get us warmed up first.  Beth kicked
off her shoes and started pulling up her dress  very  slowly  and
sensuously.    She got the big bundle of material up to her waist
and pulled down her panty hose to reveal her  magnificent  pussy.
She  tossed  her  hose  in the back seat and sat facing me.   She
spread her legs and started playing with herself.
     "Your pussy is soaked," I told her.
     She replied, "I have been looking forward to this for a long
time.  I've been wet since before you picked me up today.   About
an  hour before you came to get me I was busy playing with myself
thinking about how your cock would feel inside me.    I  imagined
you  slowly  undressing  me,  bit  by bit.   After you had all my
clothes of you would just sit and stare at me.   I would  get  so
wet just having you stare at me just like you are now."
     All  the  time  this was happening Beth was rubbing her clit
and getting herself off.   I couldn't help myself.   I pulled out
my cock and started stroking as she continued.
     "You  would  then take my nipples between your lips and suck
on them one at a time.  It would sent shivers up my spine.   They
would get so hard.  But then the fun would begin.  You would bury
your  face between my legs and you would use your tongue to drive
me crazy.  But then the moment that would throw me over the edge.
You put the head of your cock right at the opening of my pussy. I
would spread my legs as wide as I could and wrap them around your
back.   Then very slowly you would enter me going back and forth.
We  were  so excited that it would only take a few strokes for us
to come and I could feel your load deep inside me."
     At this point our breathing became real heavy as  I  watched
Beth reach climax.   She couldn't talk anymore.   She was moaning
and groaning and too busy coming to say anything.  Her body began
to shudder.  I knew she went over the edge.  I wasn't far myself.
Beth noticed that I hadn't come yet.
     "Keep going, I want to see you jerk off for a change."
     The fact that I was being watched made me even more excited.
In just a few strokes I came all over my hand.   It was  a  mess.
Beth  took  my  hand and started licking my fingers.   She licked
them clean,  every drop of come was now in her mouth.  She seemed
to love the taste.   We both collapsed on each other,  completely
out of breath.
     It  was  starting  to get warm in the car so Beth peeled off
the remaining pieces of her dress.   She tossed the whole  bundle
in the backseat.   I followed Beth's example and took off my tux.
It was a hell of a lot more comfortable that way.  We sat side by
side with my arm around Beth.   I brought my arm from around  her
and  started  to  massage  her  pussy.    She  let out a sound of
approval.   Then she reached out and grabbed my cock and  started
to  stroke  it  trying  to  get it hard again.   We sat for a few
minutes indulging ourselves before I got hard again.    Beth  had
gotten worked up right away.   Once I was hard again, Beth backed
up against the door and spread her legs once again.   She reached
under  her  seat  and pulled out her purse.   In her purse was an
average sized dildo which really caught me by surprise.  I didn't
expect her to have one of those.
     "I have been playing with this for the  past  few  weeks  so
that when we did go all the way it wouldn't hurt.  She placed the
dildo  at  her  opening and slide it in very gently.   She gave a
gasp of pain but just for a moment.  After that moment it slid in
nice and smooth and the pain turned to pleasure.   I stopped  her
and  told  her that she had better save some energy for me.   She
said not to worry that she had more than  I  could  imagine.    I
believed  her  and  let her continue with what she was doing.   I
started to stroke myself again but Beth wanted me  to  make  sure
that  I didn't come again.   I wasn't sure why but she would show
me shortly.   Beth came again very quickly and then collapsed  in
my  arms.    After catching her breath,  she leaned over a little
more and took my dick in her mouth and  with  one  smooth  motion
went right to the bottom.   She was going up and down and I could
feel myself building but this time it  was  going  to  take  much
longer  because  I had just come a few minutes earlier.   It took
almost fifteen minutes but Beth was persistent and I  came  right
in  her  mouth and she swallowed every drop.   After she was sure
she got it all she sat up and said that  it  was  time  to  relax
again.   I couldn't agree with her more.   We just sat and stared
at the top of the car trying to catch our breath.   Beth  slumped
over and fell into my arms.  I put my arm around her and held her
tight.    I was able to reach around with my right hand and start
playing with her nipples.   She signaled her approval  by  moving
even closer.  We gave each other a real big kiss and then started
laughing.   I'm not sure why but it just seemed like the thing to
do.  Beth said to me, "are you ready to lose your cherry yet?   I
am."
     "It would be hard for me to screw with a dick this soft."
     "Don't worry, I'm sure you'll spring up to the occasion."
     "Yea, right."
     "It's too hot in here, let's go outside."
     Before  I  could  say  anything,  Beth  was out the door and
walking around to the front of the car.   I said to myself,  this
girl is weird but I wanted to get laid so bad that if I wanted it
I would have to get out of the car so I did.  As I opened my door
to step out,  Beth jumped up and sat down on the hood.   The hood
was still nice and warm from the engine.  The hood of the Lincoln
was real big so Beth slid all the  way  back  with  her  back  up
against the windshield.   I walked around to the front of the car
and stared at Beth.   She spread her legs  very  seductively  and
said, "Fuck me."
     Believe me,  that's all it took to get me hard.  I jumped up
on the hood with my flag pole waving  in  the  wind  and  crawled
toward Beth.   I laid down on top of her and I could feel my cock
in her bush.   I gave Beth a real big hug and kiss and  she  said
once  again,  "fuck me."  Before I could react she slide her hand
between us and grabbed my cock.   She directed it to the entrance
and  started  to move it up and down along her pussy to lubricate
the tip, then once she felt it was ready,  she moved the tip back
to  her  hole  and  started  to  push it in.   As soon as my head
entered she gave a sign of pain so I tried to pull  out  but  she
said  to  keep going.   The pain would go away in a moment.   She
pushed me in a little farther.   After my whole length was in she
let go of my cock and grabbed my ass with her hands.   She slowly
guided me in and out until I was well lubricated with her juices.
I could tell now that there was no more pain.   Beth let go of my
ass  and  wrapped  her legs around my back and said,  "go for it,
fuck my brains out."
     And that's exactly what I did.  I started pumping harder and
faster.  Beth wrapped her arms around my neck.  I thought she was
going to choke me.   It was a great idea to get each other off  a
few  times  first  because  I  know  I  would have come instantly
otherwise.   We humped away for what felt like eternity.   I  was
getting real tired but Beth was huffing and puffing, almost as if
she  were cheering me on.   Suddenly,  I felt my climax building.
Beth was getting so turned on that it was turning me on  just  as
much.    Beth  started  getting  louder  and louder until she was
almost screaming.   I certainly hope no one else was in the area.
I felt myself coming and I knew she was coming.   Just a few more
strokes and that would be the end.   Beth started  screaming  out
loud.
     "I'm coming, I'm coming, faster, faster."
     Then  she  let  out  one last scream which also sent me into
oblivion.   We both came at almost the same time.  What a feeling
it  was  for my first time.   I didn't believe there was anything
better.
     Beth quickly quieted down because she was out of  energy  to
do anymore.   I rolled off her and lay next to her.   Beth turned
to me and grabbed me around the neck again and planted  one  hell
of a kiss on me.  She was in a real excited mood.
     She said, "that was wonderful, you were great.  I never came
like that before.  I will remember this moment for the rest of my
life."
     After that followed another real big kiss.  We both just lay
back staring at the stars contemplating our ecstasy.
     "That was one hell of an experience" I said to her.
     Beth  just  kept staring up at the stars.   It was getting a
little cold just laying on the hood so I suggested  that  we  get
back in the car and Beth agreed.  We sat down in the car and gave
each other a big hug.  We really did have a good time.
     "Wait here.  I'll be right back."
     With that,  I opened my door and stepped out.  I went around
to the back of the car,  opened up the trunk  and  pulled  out  a
small bag.  I closed the trunk and got back into the car.
     "What's in there?", Beth asked.
     I pull out a Polaroid instant camera.
     "I  was  hoping I could get some pictures of you without any
clothes on."
     "You have got to be kidding.   No way.   You'll show them to
everybody."
     "No  I  won't.    I  want them to have to jerk off with when
you're not around.   I promise you that  I  won't  show  them  to
anybody else."
     "Okay,  as  long  as you promise not to show them to anybody
AND I want some pictures of you.  Agreed?"
     "Agreed."
     "What would you like me to do?"
     "Well how about leaning up against the door and face me."
     Beth did exactly as I asked and I snapped a  picture.    The
flash startled both of us.  It was very bright.  I then told Beth
to  spread  her  legs open so I could see her pussy.   She did it
without question.
     "Now make it look like you are playing with yourself."
     Once again Beth complied.   She put her  left  hand  on  her
chest  and her right hand between her legs.   She leaned her head
back and made it look  like  she  was  really  getting  into  it.
Actually I think she was because her pussy was getting wet again.
I snapped the picture.
     "Now it's my turn" Beth proclaimed.
     "What would you like me to do?"
     "Get out of the car and walk around to the front."
     I  was  feeling  real  brave by this point and I didn't mind
walking around outside.   I got out of the car and Beth followed.
We  walked  to the front and Beth said,  "sit down on the hood of
the car with your legs hanging off the front.  I did exactly what
she said.   The hood was cold.   Beth stepped back  to  take  the
picture  and  realized that my dick was soft.   She said that she
couldn't have a picture like that so Beth came back close  to  me
and  dropped  her  head between my legs and started to suck on my
cock.   Her hot lips and tongue felt great on my dick.    It  was
only  moments before I was hard again.   Once Beth was satisfied,
she stepped back and took the picture.
     "Now wrap your fingers around your  cock  and  lean  back  a
little bit.  I did that and she snapped another picture.
     "Now slide back and lay up against the windshield."
     I slid back to another cold part of the hood and leaned back
onto a cold windshield.   I was starting to get cold again.  Beth
flashed another picture then jumped up onto the hood.    She  put
the  camera  down  next to her and crawled up on top of me.   She
planted a big kiss on my lips and said,  "that was  fun.    Maybe
someday we can get some pictures of us fooling around."
     "That has possibilities."
     I  was  paying  attention to what Beth was saying and not to
what she was doing.   Beth arranged her pussy so it was  over  my
cock  and with on smooth motion sat right down on my cock sending
it deep inside her pussy.   She caught me completely by  surprise
and  the feeling of me inside her almost made me come right away.
Beth started to move forward and back and I started  to  move  to
match  the  rhythm  of her body.   Beth giggled when she realized
that I wasn't expecting her.  She sat up and started to go up and
down on me.   We were both real hot from the picture taking so we
got worked up real fast.  It was only moments until our breathing
was heavy and our thrusts were at a quick pace.  Beth started her
screaming again.   It is hard to call screaming.   They were more
like very joyful moans.  They are the kind of sounds a very horny
girl makes when she is about to come.  Maybe she was making those
sounds with good reason.   She was a horny girl  about  to  come.
Boy  did  she.    I  could  see  her body jerk as she reached her
climax.   She had a very long climax this time.   She kept up her
up  and  down  motion  long  enough for me to come.   My body was
jerking around too.  It was real hard to control myself.   When I
have  a hard-on,  my brains go to my dick.   Beth slowed down her
motion and finally stopped with me still deep inside her.   After
Beth  regained  her  senses,  she got off me and said that it was
about time I took her home.  I was a little upset, we were having
such a great time but I knew that now were past  the  first  step
and  there  would  be much more to follow.   I agreed that it was
getting late and that I should take her home even though I didn't
want too.   We pulled out our clothes and started to get  dressed
outside the car.   It was a little too cramped on the inside.   I
had my pants and shirt on way before Beth was  able  to  get  her
dress  back on so I went over to help her.   Beth was pulling her
dress up and had it around her waist.   I grabbed the camera from
off the hood and said, "smile."
     Beth flashed me a quick smile and I snapped the picture.  It
was a beautiful topless shot with the most perfect grin.   I told
her I wanted that one enlarged into a poster.  She said she would
kill me.  I walked over behind Beth and helped her pull her dress
up to her shoulders.   But before I  zipped  it  up  for  her,  I
reached  my  hands  inside  and  around to her front and began to
massage her tits.   Her nipples got hard real fast but she pulled
my hands out and said it was time to get going.   I zipped up her
dress and helped her get into the car.   I closed  the  door  for
her,  walked around the car grabbing the camera and pictures as I
went, got in on my side, started up and began to drive off.  Beth
moved over and sat down next to me.   She  put  her  head  on  my
shoulder and told me that she was tired.  I put my arm around her
and told her that I was exhausted too;  she had worn me out.  Our
drive back to her house was very quiet and uneventful.   We  were
both  real tired.   I pulled up in front of Beth's house and shut
off the car.  I walked around and open the door for her.  She was
really exhausted.  I think she fell asleep on the drive back.   I
helped  her out and we walked to the front door.   I stood facing
her and looked right into her eyes.    She  had  a  very  sincere
looking smile on her face when she said,  "I had a wonderful time
this evening."
     I knew she was telling the truth when a  tear  came  to  her
eye.  She immediately swung her arms around me and gave me a real
tight and loving hug.   We stood for a few minutes until I pushed
her head back so I could plant a real big kiss on her.   When  we
finally  pulled  apart,  I  asked  Beth  if  I could take her out
tomorrow for lunch.  Of course she said yes,  as long as I didn't
pick her up before noon, and after one more kiss, I left.
     It really was a wonderful evening but I was too exhausted to
even think about it.  I just drove home and went to sleep.
     I  woke  up  in  the morning feeling very refreshed and very
good about myself.   I had actually gone all the way and  it  was
exactly  as  I  had  fantasized it to be.   It couldn't have gone
better.   Beth and I got along so well that I'm sure I  would  be
seeing  a  lot  more of her in the weeks to come.   I was looking
forward to the afternoon just to take her out and to be with her.
I didn't even want to get in her pants which is very strange  for
me but I sure as hell wouldn't stop if the opportunity arose.
     I went about my business in the house during the morning.  I
watched lots of TV and ate lots of garbage.  I had to stop myself
because  I  knew  I  was  going  to take Beth out for lunch.   It
wouldn't be very nice of me to sit there and not  eat.    It  was
finally time to go get Beth.   I got out into the car and started
it up.   I still had the keys to my father's  Lincoln.    It  was
Sunday  and  I figured he didn't need it.   It was a good thing I
did use it.  I had left the pictures from the night before in the
car.   I started looking at the pictures of Beth  and  I  got  an
instant hard-on.   I started jerking off sitting in the car while
it was warming up.  It didn't take too long for me and the car to
heat up.   After I was done,  I put my dick in my pants and drove
off.  I was really looking forward to seeing Beth now.  I started
driving a little bit faster.  I got to Beth's in no time flat.  I
put the pictures in my pocket and went up to Beth's door.  I rang
the  doorbell  and  heard Beth yell to come in.   I opened up the
door and stepped inside closing the door behind me.
     "I'm here."
     "Take a seat in the living room, I'll be down in a moment."
     I walked into the living room and  sat  down  on  the  couch
facing  the  television which was on to some Bugs Bunny cartoons.
I love Bugs Bunny.   I started to get  really  engrossed  in  the
cartoons  and  I  wasn't  paying  attention  to what was going on
around me.   Beth had come down the stairs and and  very  quietly
sneaked around behind the couch.   She really surprised me.   She
put her hand over my eyes and said, "guess who."
     "Miss America."
     "Damn you're close.  But how many Miss America's do you know
that love to walk around the house in the nude."
     Beth then pulled her hands away and leaped  over  the  couch
and  landed  in my lap.   She was just like she said,  completely
nude.  She gave me a kiss and jumped up and stood in front of me.
She started rubbing her tits and her pussy and said,  "Do  I  get
you horny?   Well if I do,  you can have me but you have to catch
me first."
     With that she ran out of the room and of course  I  followed
quickly.    Beth  stopped at the top of the stairs and rubbed her
pussy once more.  Then she ran into a room upstairs.   I followed
and  went  through  the entrance into the room which she ran into
and found Beth lying on her bed with her legs  spread  wide  open
and her pussy pointing in my direction.  She was rubbing her clit
at a feverish pace.
     "I  have  been waiting for you to get here all morning.   My
parents went out before I got up and I haven't put on a stitch of
clothing all day.   I have been waiting for you to make  love  to
me.   Now you're here and I can't wait to have you inside me.  So
drop your pants and get over here before I come without you."
     I immediately began to strip and believe me,  it didn't take
long.    I crawled onto the bed and buried my face between Beth's
legs.   I started licking so fast and hard that  she  started  to
moan  and  groan  right away.   She got so excited so fast that I
couldn't help but get  excited  just  as  fast.    Beth  came  in
minutes.    As  soon as she did,  I moved forward and put my cock
right into her.  It felt wonderful and in moments I came also.
     I rolled off of Beth and she jumped up and reached for  some
clothes.
     "It's  time  to  go  for lunch" she said as she slipped on a
pair of jeans and a tube top.   I asked her if those  pants  were
uncomfortable without any underwear.   She said she loved the way
it rubbed up against her pussy.  I wasn't going to argue.   I got
up and put my clothes back on and we were then off to lunch.
     Lunch was uneventful.  We went for pizza and we both love it
so we were too busy eating to discuss anything of importance.
     We  were just about to finish when a friend of Beth's walked
in.   She and  Beth  exchanged  their  greetings  and  then  Beth
introduced me to Charlene.  Beth said that they have been friends
for  years.    Charlene  was a bit taller than me with brown wavy
hair that was just short of her shoulders.  She was wearing a red
jogging suit and tennis shoes.   She was very  thin,  making  her
chest  stick  out  a  little.    Nothing excessive but definitely
noticeable.  The one thing that was very noticeable about her was
the fact that she was all legs.   Some girls just seem  to  stand
out  as  having  very long legs.   Well Charlene was one of them.
She had come to pick up a pizza for lunch.   Charlene sat with us
for a few minutes while she was waiting.   We mostly talked about
school.  Charlene was one year behind us.  I didn't ever remember
seeing her in the halls but then again that didn't mean  anything
because  we  went to a very big school.   The only positive thing
that came out of the conversation was an invitation  to  a  party
that  she  was having that week.   Beth really wanted to go and I
had no special plans so I said that I would go also.    Beth  was
really  happy  that  I  was going.   She didn't want to go alone.
Charlene's pizza was ready so she paid for it and left.
     Beth was all excited about this party.  After Charlene left,
we realized that we were done so we got up and left.   The  party
was  all  we talked about on the drive back to Beth's house.   We
really didn't know what we wanted to do that afternoon.    I  had
just started driving toward Beth's house as a habit.  I parked in
front of Beth's house and asked Beth what she wanted to do.   She
didn't have anything special in mind and asked  if  I  wanted  to
just sit on the front porch of her house and talk.
     I  liked  that  idea  because  I  always  have  been fond of
general,  what I call,  'shoot the shits'.   I  can  pass  entire
afternoons  with people just sitting and talking about absolutely
nothing important.
     We walked up to the front of the house and  sat  down  on  a
couch.  Beth got up right away and ran into the house reappearing
a  few  minutes  later with a pitcher of iced tea and a couple of
glasses.   She handed me a glass and  poured  some  tea.    After
pouring  some for herself,  she sat down right next to me putting
her head on my shoulder.   That was my cue to put my  arm  around
her and give her a big squeeze.
     "That feels good.  Hold me tight," Beth replied.
     I  held  on to her real tight and rubbed her shoulder at the
same time.   I was starting to feel very comfortable before  Beth
surprised  me  by  placing  her  hand  on  my  crotch and started
rubbing.
     "We are not going to get much talking done this way," I told
her.
     "I know."
     I started getting hard real fast just as I usually do.  This
time was no exception.
     Beth started giggling, "you really get hard fast don't you?"
     "Only for you",  I told her even tough I knew that was a lot
of bullshit.  I could get hard for any girl.
     Beth had gotten me started so there was no turning back now.
I  slipped  my  hand off her shoulder and down through the top of
her tube top and took  hold  of  one  of  her  tits  and  started
squeezing it gently and playing with her nipple.  She gave a sign
of  consent  by  squeezing my cock a little harder.   I love tube
tops because they are so easy to get into.
     Beth reached for my zipper and slowly pulled it down.  After
a little maneuvering around she was able to get my cock to  stand
straight  up out of my pants.   She sat back and started stroking
my shaft.
     I couldn't be outdone so I took my arm from around  her  and
placed it in her lap.   I started massaging her pussy through her
pants.   Her pants started to get a little damp so I reached  up,
undid the snap and pulled down her zipper.  As I started to slide
my  hand  into  her  pants  I remembered that she didn't have any
panties on.   I felt her soft hairs in the heel of my hand  as  I
probed her soft, wet hole.  Beth helped me along by spreading her
legs  to  give  me better access.   By this time my dick was rock
hard and getting ready to squirt.   I leaned  my  head  back  and
closed  my eyes.   I was in heaven.   I could hear Beth breathing
heavy as I played with her clit, making very low volume moans.
     We enjoyed this action for a few minutes  until  finally  it
was time to come.   I came first, all over Beth's hand.  She kept
right on stroking until I felt her body jerk as she  came  a  few
moments later.   We were just starting to catch our breath when a
voice came out of nowhere,  "I don't think Mommy would approve of
that."
     We were so lost in what we were doing that neither of us had
paid  any  attention to what was going on around us.   We quickly
retracted our hands and composed ourselves.   Beth was white as a
ghost  but  slowly  her  color  started  to  return.    She  then
introduced me to her sister Karen who was a very short girl  with
short brown curly hair.  Not the greatest looking but acceptable.
Beth  told  me  that  she was only two years younger than she was
which I wouldn't have guessed because she looked much younger.
     "Wait until I tell Mommy what I saw.   She is going to  kill
you."
     "You are going to keep your mouth shut Karen or I,m going to
kill you," Beth replied.
     By  the  tone  of their voices I could tell that they didn't
get along too well.   Karen went into the house laughing and Beth
turned red she was getting so mad.
     "Just  wait  a  few minutes,  we'll get her back.   She is a
horny little bitch and probably can't wait to  get  herself  off.
That  is  when we will catch her and make her wish she never said
anything to us."
     I couldn't help but laugh to myself.   This was going to  be
fun.    We  sat  just  holding hands for a few minutes until Beth
signaled that we should go into the house but very quietly.    We
both moved like cats, very slow and silently.
     Beth's  stairs  were  surprisingly  quiet.    We reached the
entrance to Karen's room and Beth whispered in my ear telling  me
that  she  had  greased  Karen's  door for just such an occasion.
Beth began to open the door ever so slowly until it  was  cracked
open  about half an inch.   Beth peered inside and grinned.   She
then pointed for me to look.   I moved around Beth and put my eye
up to the opening.
     I could see Karen laying on her bed, completely nude, spread
eagle,  masturbating furiously.
     Beth  opened the door a little bit wider.   It didn't make a
sound.   She kept going until it was wide enough for us  to  slip
through.   Beth entered her room and I followed right behind her.
Karen was breathing very heavily.   I could tell she  wasn't  far
from coming.
     Very unexpectedly,  even to me, Beth said out loud, "I don't
think Mommy would approve of that."
     Karen looked up with an astonished look  on  her  face,  saw
both  of  us then curled up into a little ball and rolled off the
far side of her bed so we couldn't see her.  She must have turned
bright shade of red.   She started  screaming,  "GET  OUT  OF  MY
ROOM!!!"
     "Wait  until I tell Mommy what I saw.   She is going to kill
you."
     When Beth said that I  couldn't  help  but  break  out  into
laughter.
     Beth began to laugh with me as we left the room.  As we were
going  down  the stairs,  I began to think to myself that Karen's
body wasn't all that bad.  I wouldn't mind getting into her pants
at all,  but of course I had Beth so why need anyone else.   Beth
was more than I could handle.
     We  sat  back down in the living room still laughing at what
we had done.  It was pretty funny.
     "So tell me about Charlene and her parties.   What are  they
like?"
     "Charlene  lives  with  her father in a real nice apartment.
When Charlene has a party,  she rents a large room on the  ground
floor  and  usually orders one of those six foot sandwiches and a
keg or two of beer.   The best part is the indoor heated swimming
pool in the next room."
     I thought to myself, oh god, not another pool.
     "In each of the dressing rooms is a sauna.  It's a real nice
place."
     "Okay, you've told me about Charlene's parties now how about
Charlene."
     "You'll  really  like  Charlene.   I've gone to a few of her
parties,  she's really a lot of fun to be with.   She  tells  the
greatest  dirty stories and gets the guys all hard then makes fun
of them."
     "That doesn't sound like too much fun to me," I commented.
     "It's fun to watch a guy try to hide a hard-on in a  bathing
suit.    Charlene  likes  to  be  a real tease.   That's just her
personality.   She doesn't mean any harm.    She  doesn't  always
tease, she likes to have her fun too."
     "So she's not a virgin?"
     "Nope,  I  was  with her the night that she lost her cherry.
It was the night of her sixteenth birthday.   She  was  having  a
party  at  her father's house in the country.   It is a real nice
house in the middle of the  woods  right  on  a  beautiful  lake.
Anyway  she had her boyfriend,  Craig,  there.   That night after
most people had left,  they swam out to a float that was anchored
in  the  middle  of the lake.   They thought that no one had seen
them but I did.   I had a little idea about what they were  going
to do but I wasn't sure,  so I waited until they were busy making
out then I swam out real quietly.   My curiosity  was  so  strong
that  I  had  to  see  what  was going to happen.   Craig started
fondling her through her bathing suit.   She loved it.   I  could
hear every sound she made.   Charlene pulled off her top and then
started working on Craig's suit. It came off real fast.
     Charlene went right for his dick.   She started stroking  it
but  it was already hard.   Charlene didn't waste any time.   She
guided him right into her.   She jumped with pain as  he  entered
her.    Craig  started moving back and forth and I could see that
Charlene was still in pain.  After a few minutes of humping,  she
didn't seem to be in too much pain anymore.   They were at it for
quite a while before Charlene showed any signs that she was about
to come but she finally did and Craig came  just  a  few  moments
later.    They looked pretty satisfied.   Charlene said that they
had better get back so they put their bathing suit  back  on  and
headed  for the house.   As soon as they were back in the house I
started to swim back."
     "Did they know you were there?"
     "When Charlene got back to the house she started to look for
me.   She asked someone else where I was and they said that I was
out taking a swim.  When I walked in a few minutes later Charlene
came  up  to me asked if I was out swimming and I told her that I
was and that it was  very  interesting.    She  asked  if  I  was
watching her and Craig and I said yes, from a lot closer than she
thought.    Charlene laughed and said that she hoped I enjoyed it
as much as she did.   I said not as much,  but I  did  enjoy  it.
Charlene  and  I went on talking about our love lives for several
hours on into the wee hours of the morning until the end  of  the
party.    Most  people  had left by about two but a few spent the
night because they were either too drunk to drive  or  lived  too
far.   When we all woke up in the morning, Charlene and I had our
arms around each other.   Everyone though we were fooling around.
I don't remember doing anything with Charlene, who knows?"
     "I'd love to get it on with you and Charlene."
     "Yea, I bet you would.  Keep dreaming."
     "Now  you  really have me looking forward to this party.   I
will have to keep my eyes on Charlene and maybe I'll get  to  see
her  in  action.   Speaking of action,  seeing Karen playing with
herself and talking about Charlene has made me real hot."
     "Well that's too bad  because  we  can't  do  anything  here
because Karen is home, unless of course you know another place we
can go."
     "Of course I do."
     "Well let's go then."
     Beth and I both headed for the car.  We jumped right in an I
was  off in a flash.   I didn't want to go back to the reservoir,
not during the day because it is much easier to be seen.  Luckily
I knew of a trail on a nearby mountain that I  used  to  hike  on
when  I  was younger.   I could park the car near by and we could
walk into the woods a hundred yards or so.   Beth asked me  where
we were going but I just told her to wait and see.   It was about
a ten minute drive to get up to this place.   When we arrived,  I
parked  the  car  and got out.   Beth looked around and commented
that she didn't even know that place existed.   I took  her  hand
and guided her toward a trail and then into the woods.  We walked
for about five minutes.   It was a lot harder walking now than it
was a few years ago because the brush had grown in a little.   We
came to a small grassy clearing,  I stopped and pulled Beth to my
planting a big kiss on her lips and saying, "we're here".
     "Nice place," Beth said as she put her arms  around  me  and
returned the kiss.  I put my arms around her grabbing her ass and
squeezing until Beth let out a sigh.   She did the same to me.  A
few moments later I reached around to the  front  of  her  pants,
opened  the snap and pulled down the zipper.   I put my arms back
around her but this time I put my  hands  inside  her  pants  and
grabbed her bare ass.   I was so beautifully soft I couldn't help
but to squeeze it.  Beth of course,  taking her cue from me,  did
the  same  thing.   I began pushing down on her pants from behind
until they slid off her ass and down her legs.   I  kept  pushing
her pants down until they were around her ankles.   Beth took her
arms from around me and pushed me back a couple of steps.   I now
had a good view of her standing in front of me with her top still
on and her pants around her ankles.  Beth reached down and pulled
her  pants  completely off.   Now she was just standing with only
her top on.   I could see that between her legs she was  starting
to  get  real  wet  by  the real shiny spots on the inside of her
thighs.  I started moving toward her but she signaled me to stop.
Beth reached up,  grabbed her tube top and pulled it up over  her
head.
     She said, "now you can come here."
     I  moved to her very quickly and put my arms around her.   I
gave her a real big kiss and then began kissing my way  down  her
neck,  to her shoulders and then to her nipples.  I sucked on her
nipples as I felt them getting harder in  my  mouth.    Once  her
nipples  were  completely  hard,  I  started  to  move down again
finishing with my face buried in her short hairs.   I  darted  my
tongue in and out between her legs and immediately Beth opened up
her legs a little more to allow me better access.
     After  only a few moments of tongue action,  Beth stopped me
and prodded me to stand up.   I did just as she wished.   As soon
as I was completely on my feet,  Beth began to undress me.  First
came my shirt,  but before she removed my pants,  she slipped her
hand  inside  my zipper to give me a superb hand job which had me
rock hard in seconds, not that I wasn't already hard.   Beth then
grabbed my ass just as I had done to her and pushed my pants down
to my ankles.  Beth got on her knees to pull my pants off over my
feet.   The whole time she was maneuvering my pants off,  she was
rubbing her cheek against my hard-on.  Her smooth skin on my cock
made me want to come instantly.   After my pants were  off,  Beth
stood  up  and kissed me as we held each other tightly.   I could
feel her nipples in my chest and my cock in her short hairs.   It
just got me that much harder.
     Beth,  very playfully, began to wrestle me to the ground.  I
put up a little fight but not much.    We  both  dropped  to  the
ground together with Beth on top of me.   Beth kissed me and then
moved her kisses down my body very slowly.   She kept going  down
until  she  reached  the  head  of  my dick where she stopped and
planted a kiss right on the tip.   She stuck her tongue  out  and
flicked  the  top  of  the  head.    My  cock  was so hard and so
sensitive that I felt the soft touch of her tongue all through my
body and it gave me chills.   Beth started playing with  my  dick
using her hands.   She started playing with me like I was a stick
shift on a car.   We both got a real good laugh out of it.   Beth
began to slowly lick the length of my hard-on.  Her tongue was so
soft  that  I  could hardly contain myself.   I stopped Beth from
what she was doing because I didn't want to come yet and I knew I
was getting close.  I quickly flipped Beth around so that she was
on her back and my face was between her legs.   I started to lick
on  her  real  sensitive spots and it drove her crazy just as she
had driven me crazy.   I lapped away for only a few minutes  when
she  said,  "put  it  in."    I knew exactly what she wanted so I
stopped my tongue action and moved up so I was positioned to slip
inside her.   I put the head of my cock at  the  opening  of  her
pussy  and she moved to meet it.   I slipped the head in and then
quickly pulled out.  This really drove her crazy.  She wanted the
whole length of me in her but I pulled  out  a  few  times  more.
This  was  getting  her so worked up that she lashed her arms and
legs around me and pulled me down so that my entire length had no
place to go but deep inside her.  She moved my body with her arms
and legs until I picked up the rhythm that she wanted.  From that
point on there was no stopping.  We moaning got louder and I felt
closer to coming with every stroke.   The bright sun and the soft
gentle breeze got us both even more excited.
     "I'm coming," I could hear Beth whisper under her breath.  I
also  was  about  to  come.    I could feel Beth tense as she was
coming and the moment I knew she was coming I was excited just  a
bit  more  so  that I came also at the same time filling her with
everything that I had inside me.  After a few coast down strokes,
Beth released me from her grasp and just let her  arms  and  legs
flop  to  the ground.   Our breathing was still heavy as I pulled
out of her feeling the cool breeze  against  me  giving  me  more
chills as I was still very sensitive.
     Beth opened her eyes,  looked at me and said, "we never came
at the same time before, that was wonderful."
     I suddenly had a burst of energy and I stood up.   I  looked
at Beth's body lying on the ground and she looked very beautiful.
I reached down and took her hand and pulled her to her feet.  She
suddenly  got  dizzy so I pulled her close to me to help hold her
up.   She recovered her senses very quickly and we began  putting
our clothes back on.  It took us a few minutes to do that because
we  were  both  very tired and drained from our ordeal.   Once we
were both completely dressed,  we started walking to the car.   I
said  to  Beth that it would be nice if we could walk through the
woods completely naked but unfortunately there probably be  other
people at the parking lot.  Beth said that one day we should take
a  drive  to the north where there is a large state park where we
could find a place secluded enough to do just that but for now we
will just have to settle for something close.   Right after  Beth
had  said  that  and before it hit me what she had said,  she had
stopped walking,  reached down,  unsnapped her pants  and  pulled
down the zipper exposing most of her lovely nest.
     "How's that for being an exhibitionist" she said.
     I replied, "that's fine for here in the woods but what if we
get to the parking lot and there are some other people there?"
     "I don't think they'll even notice."
     "I'll bet you that they would."
     Beth, very cocky now, asked, "what do you want to bet?"
     "If  someone  notices that your fly is open,  when we get to
the car, you will take your pants off and leave then off until we
get back to your house."
     "And if no one notices,  you'll take off your pants until we
get back to my house.  Is it a deal?"
     "Okay, it's a deal."
     I  took Beth by the hand and walk the rest of the way out of
the woods and on to the trail that led down a hill  to  the  car.
We  could  see  the  parking  lot from the top of the hill and we
could see that there were no other cars in the lot but mine.   It
was still a few minute walk to the car so maybe another car would
pull  in.   As I was hoping another one did.   As soon as the car
stopped, a guy and girl got out.  They walked around to the front
of the car and gave each other a big hug and kiss and I could see
the guy grabbing the girl's tits.   I figured that they  were  up
there  to  do  the  same  thing as we had just done.   Beth and I
continued to walk down the hill  and  the  other  couple  started
walking up.  They had a little trouble walking a straight line so
I figured they were a little drunk.  We got closer and closer but
they  gave no indication of noticing that Beth's pants were open.
Luckily for Beth,  her pants fit snugly so that they didn't slide
down  as  she  was  walking.   The other couple walked by us with
nothing more than a nod to recognize our presence but as they got
farther up the hill I could hear them giggling.    Unfortunately,
that was not enough proof for me to win the bet.   I was a little
disappointed.
     We got to the car and I opened the door for Beth.   We  gave
the  couple  on  the hill one last look to see that they had each
others hands down the back of the other's pants.  We got a little
laugh out of that.  Just as we turned around, we heard the guy on
the hill yell, "your girlfriend has a nice pussy!"
     The other girl hit her boyfriend on the head and  then  they
kept on walking.   I looked at Beth with a shit eating grin.  She
knew she had lost the bet.   She took off her pants  right  there
then sat down in the car and closed the door.  I walked around to
the other side and got in.   I looked at Beth and said, "that guy
is right, you do have a nice pussy."
     I started up the car and began to drive  away.    Beth  slid
over on the seat to sit next to me just as she always does.   But
instead of me putting my arm around her  like  I  usually  do,  I
slipped  my  hand  between her legs and stuck my fingers into her
wet hole.    She  was  still  soaking  wet  from  our  'afternoon
delight'.  She had no objections to my actions.  On the contrary,
she  opened  up  her legs wide so that I could move my fingers in
and out more easily.  Beth put her head back and just enjoyed the
ride.   I pulled my fingers out and  began  massaging  her  clit.
This  got a very favorable response.   I kept moving my hand with
steady constant motion.   I stopped the car a block  from  Beth's
house so that she could put her pants back on.   She was still in
the same position as she was when we first started  only  it  was
evident  that  she had come several times by the look on her face
and by the fact that both my hand and  my  seat  were  completely
soaked.    Beth  came back down to earth and struggled to get her
pants on in the car.   When she finally had them  on,  I  started
driving and in a few seconds I was in front of her house.  We got
out  and  I walked Beth to the door.   I decided that it was time
for me to go so I gave her a real good kiss good bye and got into
the car and drove away.
     That ended a very,  very exciting day in my love life.    My
sexual education increased on almost a daily basis.   With Beth I
was so comfortable that I had almost forgotten how it was  to  be
nervous  or  scared  about  what a girl thought or what she would
say.   My education was of course nowhere near over yet.   It had
many many more years to go.
     My  next  major  learning experience came later that week at
Charlene's party.  I picked up Beth and in a short period of time
we were at Charlene's apartment building.   We didn't have to  go
upstairs  because  the  pool was on the first level.   We stepped
into a large party room and like Beth said there  was  the  large
sandwich  with  a  whole table to itself.   It was about six feet
long.   Right after the sandwich,  I couldn't help but notice all
the beautiful bodies running around in real skimpy bikinis.  Some
of  these  girls were real knockouts.   The only other girl there
that I recognized was Charlene.   There were plenty of guys there
too.   Boyfriends I assumed.   Charlene came over to say hello as
soon as she noticed us.   She was wearing the skimpiest bikini of
all and did she look nice.   Her tits weren't big but neither was
she.  Her whole body was beautifully proportioned.   We exchanged
our  greetings and then she showed us the dressing rooms where we
could change.   The dressing rooms were real nice.   They had the
sauna  just  like Beth had told me.   We changed very quickly and
then jumped in the pool.   I got there  before  Beth  so  I  just
looked  around at all the nice bodies lying on the lounge chairs.
Beth joined me only a few minutes later.   I felt a little out of
place because Beth and Charlene were the only people there that I
knew.    Some  of the other people I had seen around school but I
did not know who they were.
     Beth swam over by me and I put my arm around  her  and  gave
her a kiss.   We just sat there for a little while until Charlene
swam over and told us that the reason she was  having  the  party
was  for graduation.   Graduation was of course only a week away.
It had occurred to me that Charlene was not graduating.   She was
a  year behind Beth and I.   I told that to Charlene and she told
me that she need an excuse for a party and that was it.  She told
her father that some of  her  friends  were  graduating  and  she
wanted to throw a party.   As it turned out,  Beth and I were the
only ones there that were graduating.
     After a while of swimming and eating and swimming some more,
Beth and I finally called it quits and sat down on a lounge chair
at the side of the pool.   Over the course of the evening  I  had
become  friendly  with  several of the people there so Beth and I
had a lot of bullshit conversation to keep us busy.   The evening
dragged  on  and at about one o'clock in the morning I asked Beth
if she wanted to go.   Beth was a little drunk by this  time  and
she really didn't want to go.   There weren't many people left at
the party but Beth was still having a good time.    We  had  been
there so long that I was starting to get bored.  Then a wonderful
thought  hit  me.    I would get Beth into the sauna and we could
fool around in there.   With Beth in the  state  she  was  in  it
wasn't  hard.    We walked into the sauna which was empty by this
hour an sat down on one of the benches.   Beth sat next to me and
I  immediately started making out with her.   Beth had absolutely
no complaints.  I slipped my hand inside her bikini top and began
playing with her nipples.  They became erect immediately.   So as
not  to  feel left out,  Beth put her hand inside my bathing suit
and started stroking my cock.   We were getting into  each  other
real  fast.   I laid Beth down on the bench and started to remove
her bottom.  She stopped me right away and said, "what if someone
comes in?"
     "They can come in and watch."
     Beth didn't get a chance to  say  anything  else  because  I
immediately  buried  my  face between her legs and began munching
away.  Beth was breathing too heavy to say anything.   I loved to
look up at Beth's face when I was eating her out.  She had a look
of  total  ecstasy  on  her  face.   She just closes her eyes and
tosses her head back and opened her mouth wide  to  moan  and  to
allow enough air to pass to stay alive.  Looking up the length of
her  body I could see her nipples hard and erect just waiting for
me to play with them.
     As I looked up Beth's body this  time  I  noticed  something
different.    I  noticed Charlene's face looking in the window in
the door.   She was licking her lips and her eyes were staring at
us.  She noticed me looking at her and gave me a wink.  I stopped
eating  Beth  and  started to move my tongue up the length of her
body.   I paused for a few moments at her nipples to gently  suck
on  them  and  then continued my way up until I reached her lips.
We exchanged a large kiss and then I drifted my lips  around  and
started sucking on her ear.   At the same time I whispered to her
that Charlene was watching us through the window.
     Beth didn't give me any response at first.  I think that she
didn't know what to do.   All of a sudden Beth started  laughing,
sat  up  and  signaled  for  Charlene  to come in.   Charlene was
startled but she did come in and sat down on  the  bench  on  the
other side of the room.   The room was actually very small so she
wasn't far away from us.
     Beth,  still laughing said,  "why don't you tell us  one  of
your dirty stories."
     "Everyone at the party left a few minutes ago.   You two are
the only ones left.   I think I can tell you  a  story  that  did
actually happen to me."
     I didn't believe her but I figured that it was good that she
said  that  because  it  made  me  that much more horny.   I love
hearing true stories about peoples sex lives.
     "Beth knows this story is true because she was there too."
     Now I was starting to believe because I looked at  Beth  and
she was starting to blush.
     "Beth  didn't tell you about the last party I had here a few
months ago."
     "No she didn't" I replied, "this should be a good one".
     "Oh it is.  You're going to love it.   I was having a party,
the same as this one tonight and late in the evening as the crowd
started to dwindle down we had only couples left,  three of them.
Beth was here with some guy,  I don't even remember who  he  was.
We were all dressed because no one had been swimming for a while,
we  were all a little drunk and none of us wanted to leave.   One
of the guys suggested that we play strip poker.   This got  mixed
feelings  amongst the six of us but I was really into it so I ran
upstairs to get a deck of cards.  When I got back down,  everyone
was sitting in a circle on the floor waiting for me.   I sat down
in my spot and started shuffling the cards.   We  all  agreed  to
start  with  the  same number of clothes.   The guys had a shirt,
pants, undershirt and shorts.  The girls, a shirt, pants, bra and
panties.   One of the guys asked what happens when you  lose  all
your  clothes.    As  drunk  as  I was I told him that I would do
anything the person with the highest cards wanted me too.  Within
reason.   I told him no blowjobs if his pants were still  on  and
other things like that.   I will not go all the way.  I'm warning
you now.   At that very moment I got up and ran  into  the  other
room and came back with a bottle of Jack Daniels.   I said, 'this
should keep the party going.'"
     "I took a big gulp and passed it around.   Everyone  took  a
swallow and then I dealt the cards.   Everybody started to fumble
with their cards and then we all drew in turn.   We were  playing
that the lowest hand would take off a piece of clothing.   We all
looked around to see who had the lowest hand it turned out to  be
Beth's  date  so  he  took  his  shirt of without any hesitation.
After the next hand it was Lisa,  the third  girl  who  lost  her
shirt.  After a few hands, everyone had lost some clothing but no
one had exposed anything yet.  Some of the guys were down to just
their shorts and most of the girls were down to their panties and
bras.  I dealt the next hand and everybody very careful looked at
what  they  had.    We  were  all pretty drunk by now because the
bottle had gone around several times and it was almost empty.  At
the end of the hand it turned out that I had to remove my bra.  I
was so drunk I didn't care who was looking  at  me.    I  reached
around, unhooked the back and tossed it in the pile with the rest
of  my  clothes.    One  of the other guys looked at me and said,
'nice tits'.   Being the tease that I am  I  leaned  forward  and
shook them and his eyes almost popped out of his head."
     I  was  getting into this story so much that I almost didn't
notice that Beth had stuck her hand down my swimsuit and  started
stroking  my  cock.    Charlene stopped the story and said,  "why
don't we get comfortable."
     Beth immediately grabbed the waist band of my  bathing  suit
and  pulled  it right down to the floor.   I reached for Beth and
pulled her bottoms off and she took her top off by  herself.    I
kick  my  bathing suit aside and then we helped Charlene take off
her suit.  Beth took off her top and I took off her bottom.
     Charlene said as we all sat down where we were,  "let's  get
back to the story."
     Just  as Charlene started,  Beth once again started stroking
my cock.   I slipped my hand between her legs to  play  with  her
pussy.  She opened her legs up so that it was easier for me.
     Charlene continued, "I dealt out the next hand and I noticed
that  the  guys  were  having trouble keeping their eyes on their
cards.  They were all staring at my tits.  It made me feel great.
My nipples were really starting to get hard.   I had a great hand
this  time  and  the loser was the guy that said I had nice tits.
He was down to just his shorts so  I  looked  at  him  and  said,
'let's see your cock.'"
     He turned red but he did remove his shorts.  His dick wasn't
that  big but boy was it hard.   It was standing straight up.   I
didn't say anything,  I just dealt out the next hand.   Beth lost
that  one,  she  had  to  take  off her bra.   She was a bit more
reluctant than I was but she took it off after a little prodding.
The next few hands went by and everyone  was  now  down  to  just
their  panties or shorts except for the guy that had already lost
his.  He was still rock hard.  I dealt the next hand and everyone
was looking around to see if they could tell  who  was  going  to
lose it next.   When we all finally showed our cards, it was none
other than me.  I starting getting really excited.   I could feel
the wetness between my legs.  I couldn't believe that I was about
to  completely  undress in front of these people but with all the
alcohol inside me I was all to anxious to show off my  body.    I
stood  up and pushed my panties to the floor and just stood there
for a minute so that everyone could get a good  look.    The  guy
without the shorts started to stroke himself.  I told him to stop
just to keep him in pain.  I sat back down and shuffled the cards
for  the  next  hand.   All the guys were looking at me and I was
getting soaking wet.  Even Lisa couldn't keep her eyes off me and
that surprised me.  The next hand came and went and so did Lisa's
panties.  She was very reluctant to take them off but after a bit
of forceful persuasion we got them off her.  The next hand put us
in an unusual position.  The guy with nothing on had lost so what
should  we do.   Beth had the high hand so we asked Beth what she
wanted him to do.
     Beth said, "jerk off.  I want to see you jerk off."
     I didn't expect that of Beth but she was so drunk  that  she
would say anything.   That guy was so turned on by what was going
on that in just a few strokes he shot his  load  right  onto  the
floor.  We all got a pretty good laugh out of it and then we told
him  that  he  was out of the game because he had gotten off.  We
decided that would be the end of  the  game,  when  everyone  had
gotten off one way or another.
     I  lost  the  next hand and Beth's boyfriend told me to play
with myself.   I was so hot that I didn't argue with him  in  the
least.    I  just  lay  back on the floor and spread my legs open
toward the group of players.   The room became absolutely  silent
as  I  slide  my  hands between my legs and started to massage my
already soaked pussy."
     I noticed as Charlene was telling this story that her  hands
had  slipped  between  her  legs and she was doing exactly as the
story said.   Beth was still stroking my cock and I had  my  hand
between  her  legs.   We were all just sitting in the heat of the
sauna generating so much of our own  heat  that  we  didn't  even
notice how hot it was in there.  I looked at Charlene's pussy and
it looked as wet as the hand I had between Beth's legs.   We were
all really getting into this story.  Charlene continued.
     "I was so excited that I erupted in just a  minute  or  two.
To  excite  everyone else,  I was moaning and groaning with every
stroke so that everyone could hear just when  I  got  off.    The
others almost died with excitement.
     "Now  there were four people left.   My boyfriend,  Beth and
her boyfriend, and Lisa.   Lisa was the only one with nothing on.
All the others still had shorts or panties on.   Beth's boyfriend
lost the next hand and  off  came  his  shorts.    Next  came  my
boyfriend's shorts then Beth's panties.  Everyone in the room was
now  completely  naked.    The  anticipation was high to see what
would happen next.   Lisa lost the next hand and my boyfriend had
the high cards.   He wanted a blowjob.   Lisa wouldn't do it.  We
all wanted to see it so we pushed Lisa real hard  to  doing.    I
took  my  boyfriends  cock in my hand and Lisa's boyfriend pushed
her over.   She didn't want us pushing her so she did it  on  her
own.    She  put his dick in her mouth and began a slow rhythm up
and down.  My boyfriend just threw his head back in ecstasy.   As
we  expected  it didn't take long for him to come and he shot all
over himself.  Because he was the one that got off, he was out of
the game and not Lisa.   Lisa was a bright red when she was  done
but she regained her composer quickly.  The next hand was lost by
Beth and won by her boyfriend.   Her boyfriend wanted to see Lisa
eat out Beth.   We all weren't going to push Lisa to do that  but
she didn't put up much of a fight.  To this day I think Lisa is a
lezzie  but  I never asked her.   Beth didn't seem to mind having
another girl eat her out.   She spread her legs  right  away  and
Lisa buried her face between them.  In the silence of the room we
could hear Lisa's tongue lapping away at Beth's clit.  Beth threw
her  head  back  and let Lisa do all the work.   Beth's boyfriend
began stroking himself and he came before Beth  did.    But  Beth
didn't take to long after that to come.   She let out a low level
yell at that very moment."
     "Lisa turned out to be the winner because she was  the  only
one  that  hadn't come yet.   We soon took care of that.   We all
ganged up on Lisa,  held her down and let her boyfriend bury  his
cock inside her pussy.  Lisa became very excited very quickly, we
all  did.    I  couldn't  be left so I got between their legs and
started to lick on his balls and her pussy.   Yes I'll admit  it.
I like to eat pussy too.   Lisa came in moments and her boyfriend
shot his load  right  into  my  mouth  which  was  waiting  there
hungrily.   After that escapade we all just looked at each other,
started laughing and began putting our clothes back on.  We had a
great time and I'm sure we will do it again."
     That ending was too much for me and I  shot  my  load  right
into  Beth's hand.   I looked across at Charlene and she was also
about to come.   Her legs were spread  wide  open  and  I  had  a
beautiful  view  of  every smooth motion of her hands.   Charlene
called out to us rather loudly, "I'm coming, here I come."
     Just after those words I could see her body  shake.    There
was  no doubt in my mind that she had gotten off.   I looked over
at Beth who had placed her head back.   She hadn't come yet.    I
was  surprised.    It usually doesn't take that long for her.   I
have to take care of this problem.   I got down on my  knees  and
put  my tongue right on her clit and started flicking it back and
forth.   That got a  real  nice  response  from  Beth.    I  felt
Charlene's hand on my back.  She was pushing me aside so that she
could  get in between Beth's legs.   I let her right in so that I
could watch Beth get  eaten  out  by  another  girl.    I  had  a
beautiful view from just in front of Charlene.  I could see every
motion  of  her  tongue and the movement of Beth's pussy.   I got
hard again and started to stroke myself.   Beth wrapped her  legs
around  Charlene's  head  to get Charlene to apply more pressure.
In just a minute,  Beth had a shuttering climax.   I  felt  every
muscle  in her body contract with spasms.   Charlene came up from
her meal and gave me a real big kiss.   I could  taste  Beth  all
over  her mouth and I loved it.   It tasted wonderful.   Charlene
took my cock in her hand and  stroked  it  until  I  came  again.
Charlene  and  Beth  looked  at  each other and started laughing,
threw their arms around each other and held  each  other  tightly
while in a wet embrace.  Their lips were pressed hard against the
others and their bodies became one.  Seeing their nipples rubbing
against each other almost made me hard again.   Beth and Charlene
finally broke apart and reached for their bathing suits.
     We all got dressed quickly.  After putting our bathing suits
back on, we put our street clothes on top.   All three of us were
really  tired  but still very excited from what had happened that
evening.   Charlene walked us out to the car and we said our good
byes.   Charlene gave Beth a big kiss good bye and then came over
and gave me the same.  We got into the car and I drove away.
     I asked Beth, "did that poker game really happen?"
     "Yeah."
     "And you really do get into other girls?"
     "Yeah.  One night last month, Charlene had the apartment all
to herself so she called me up and  we  spent  the  entire  night
together in bed.  We made love all night long.  It was great."
     "Wow."
     I drove Beth home and then drove myself home.  I had trouble
believing that this night was really true.  I kept thinking about
Charlene between Beth's legs.  It was such a turn on to watch the
two  of  them together.   I was hoping that the three of us could
get together again real soon.
     Unfortunately,  all good things must come to an end.    Beth
started  spending  more time with Charlene than with me.   I knew
that I couldn't take up all of Beth's time but I was starting  to
feel left out.  One day I went over to Beth's house to see if she
wanted to go out for lunch and I found Beth and Charlene sprawled
out  on  the  living  room  floor,  completely  naked  and in the
sixty-nine position eating at each other's pussy.   When  I  went
over  to join them,  I was politely asked not to and that made me
feel pretty shitty.   I was standing there with a raging  hard-on
looking at these two beautiful bodies on the floor and I couldn't
do a damn thing, so I left.
     "Time  to  find  a  new girlfriend",  I told myself.   I had
become really attached to Beth but it appeared  she  liked  pussy
better than cock so I had better just leave it like that.
     It  took  me  a  long  time  to  get over Beth but I think I
handled it well.   To quote someone famous,  and I have  no  idea
who,  "All  things  come to those who wait."  After high school I
had a full time job as a security guard.  It kept me busy while I
figured out what  wanted to do with my life.  His job was  pretty
boring  but  worked relatively short hours and was home in plenty
of time for dinner.
     One day me brother was feeling sick and asked me if I  would
deliver his newspapers for him.  I once had that same paper route
many  years  back so I knew it and I told him that it would be no
problem.   What he didn't tell me until later was that he  wanted
me to do his collecting for him too.  That got me mad because now
I had to knock on every door to get the paper money.   I guess it
wasn't too bad.   I started about six  o'clock,  and  there  were
about  fifty  houses  on  the  route  so  it  took a while to do.
Knocking on doors in the early evening can sometimes be lots  off
fun.   I went to one house and the lady that lived there answered
the door in a bikini.  I guess she had a pool in the back and she
was going for a swim.  I don't know.  The sun was going down so I
know she wasn't sunbathing.   She was in  her  thirties  bit  she
looked  pretty  nice.   She gave me the money I wanted and then I
was on my way.   After the fortieth house I  was  getting  pretty
tired  but I was almost done.   I knocked on the door to the next
house and who answers the door but none other than Julie,  a girl
that  I  graduated  high school with.   She was in a couple of my
classes and I always thought the she was cute but that  was  back
in the days when I could never even look a girl in the eyes.  She
was also a cheerleader which made it even worse.   What caught my
attention right away was the fact that she was  wearing  a  white
night gown that was slightly see through.
     "What are you doing delivering papers?"
     "My brother was sick so he asked if I would help him out."
     "That was very nice of you."
     "Actually  if  I  didn't do it my mother would probably kill
me.  She says I'm suppose to be nice to him.  I don't know why."
     "Just a minute, I'll go get the money for you."
     I stood there for about  a  minute  then  she  returned  and
handed the right amount of money plus a tip.
     I said,  "thank you very much" and started to turn away when
she asked,  "so what are you going with yourself now that you are
out of school?"
     "I  have  a job as a security guard in a store.   It is only
temporary until I figure out what I want to do.  Right now I have
no idea."
     Julie was about to say something when I heard a crack on the
ground in front of me.   I looked down  and  saw  a  very  shiny,
little  metal  ball.    I reached down and picked it up.   It was
really warm.   I had no idea what it was.   I looked up at  Julie
and she was bright red.
     "I wonder where this came from?" I asked.
     Julie looked at me, "you don't know?"
     "No, am I suppose too?"
     "Yes.  It is called a Ben Wa ball.  It goes in here."
     Julie  lifted her night gown and pointed right at her pussy.
My eyes were glued right to her patch of hair.
     "Why don't you put it back where it came from?"
     Julie spread her legs inviting me to slip  my  hand  between
them  and stick the ball back inside her.   I was never very good
at taking hints but this was a little hard to miss.    I  reached
out  and ran my hand along the inside of her thigh all the way up
until I touched her slit.   Then I pushed  the  ball  inside  her
along  with my middle finger.   I slid my finger in and out a few
times and Julie was very agreeable with my actions.   I pulled my
finger  out  and  started to work directly on her clit.   At that
point I realized that her bush was very  soft.    Not  course  or
rough at all.  She sighed and leaned over against the door frame.
I   moved  forward  and  gave  her  a  kiss  and  of  course  she
reciprocated.   I looked around to see if anyone was watching  us
only  to  find  out  that her door was hidden by a row of bushes.
Not worrying about getting caught,  I removed my hand and  lifted
her  night  gown  up  above  her  head and tossed it on the floor
inside the open door.   I stepped back to take a better  look  at
her  body.   Julie realized what I was going and assumed a really
sexy pose to show it off.   I was really impressed  with  what  I
saw.    She  was average size and weight but what I didn't notice
when she had her night gown on was that she had rather large tits
for her size.   Her bush was jet black;  the hair on top  of  her
head was dirty blonde and her eyes were brown.  From the position
she was standing in, all the features were very noticeable not to
mention the fact that it made her look super sexy.
     "Now let's see what you got."
     "You want me to take off my clothes right here?"
     "Right where you're standing."
     I  felt really dumb taking off all my clothes right in front
of her house.   The only thing between me and the  street  was  a
bunch of shrubs.   I did as she asked but it took me a while.   I
must have turned pretty red.  Once all my clothes were off, Julie
took a real good look at me.   I'm not the  largest  guy  in  the
world  but  I have enough.   Besides,  I was pretty hard and that
always makes a person look a lot bigger.
     "Not bad, why don't you come inside?"
     I picked up my clothes and entered the house.   Julie closed
the door and followed in behind me.   I leaned over and tossed my
clothes on a chair.  Just as I stood back up again, Julie wrapped
her arms around me from behind,  held me real tight  and  started
massaging  my  chest.    I could feel her tits in my back and her
soft pussy against my ass.   Her hands very slowly inched her way
down.  I reached around behind me, grabbed her ass and started to
squeeze  it.  She had a much softer ass than Beth.   Julie's hand
kept getting lower until she reached my cock which she  carefully
wrapped  her  hands around and began to stroke it ever so gently.
Her hands were extremely soft and it felt like a piece of fur was
wrapped around me.  Actually,  her entire body was very soft.   I
turned around,  gave her a kiss and asked,  "how did you get your
body so soft?"
     "Lucky for me it comes naturally."
     I started to massage her tits.   They were just as  soft  as
the rest of her body but by no means flabby.  Her nipples pointed
right out at me.  I bent down a little bit and started to suck on
them but Julie didn't let me spend much time there.   She took me
by the hand and led me over to a couch that was in the middle  of
the room.  Julie sat on the backrest with the couch facing in the
opposite direction.  She spread her legs open and took my cock in
one  hand and the other hand she put around my back.   She placed
the head of my cock right at the entrance to  her  wet  hole  and
then pushed me from behind with her other hand.   I slid into her
with very little resistance.  After I was in,  she put both hands
on  my ass and set the rhythm she wanted me to move at.   I could
feel those little balls inside her.  They really  stimulated  the
head of my dick.   Her pussy felt just as soft as the rest of her
but then again if her pussy wasn't so soft I would probably be in
trouble.   She pushed and pulled at my ass as my dick went in and
out.    I could feel my climax building fast.   I had a hard time
telling what was happening to Julie because  she  didn't  make  a
sound.    All  I  could hear was her breathing which was a little
heavier than it was before.  I was getting closer to the edge and
Julie's breathing was getting heavier.   I couldn't hold off  any
longer and I shot my load inside her.  After I regained my senses
I  realized  that  Julie  hadn't come yet so I kept on going.   I
could feel her hands on my ass prodding me to continue.   Now she
wrapped her legs around the back of my legs.   I assumed this was
a good indication.   Her eyes were closed and her  breathing  was
heavy.    Suddenly  her breathing got very heavy as she threw her
head back and held on to me  more  tightly.    I  felt  a  slight
shudder in her body and after a few more strokes she let go of me
and collapsed on the couch behind her.
     She was lying with her back on the seat with her legs up the
backrest opened wide so I could see her sopping wet pussy.  After
a moment of relaxation, Julie began to laugh very gently.
     "That was fun," she muttered.
     "It  sure  was," I replied.   "We will have to do that again
some time."
     "We sure will, real soon."
     I helped her up to her feet and gave her a kiss.
     "I have to go finish delivering the papers."
     "I want you to come back here at eleven o'clock tonight  and
maybe we'll have some more fun."
     "Sure, no problem.  I'll be here at eleven."
     I  grabbed  my  clothes  and  started  putting them back on.
Julie just stood back and watched me.   She liked to watch.   She
walked  me to the door when I was done,  open it up and gave me a
kiss good bye.  I watched her beautiful body disappear behind the
door,  grabbed the bag of papers which I  had  left  outside  and
continued on my merry way.
     I  finished  delivering  the  papers  in  a daze.   I didn't
believe what had just happened until I felt  my  dick.    It  was
really  sensitive.    I  wondered  what  she had planned for that
night.  It didn't hit me until later that she had said to come by
at 11:00.   The rest of the night  dragged  until  about  fifteen
minutes  before  eleven when I started to walk over to her house.
I reached the house in about ten minutes and stepped  up  to  the
front  door.    I  knocked on it twice and waited.   There was no
answer.
     I started to get a little nervous.  Maybe she was just a big
tease and wanted to get me  all  worked  up  for  something  that
wouldn't happen.  I raised my hand to knock again when suddenly I
felt  a  hand on my shoulder.   It scared the shit out of me as I
turned around to see who it was.   I expected to see Julie but it
wasn't her.   Instead there was a real short girl with long hair.
I couldn't see much detail because there  were  no  light  on  in
front of the house and the moon was hidden by the bushes.
     "Hi,  Julie called me and told me that she was going to be a
little late and that I should meet you here so that you  wouldn't
leave.  My name is Debbie."
     "Hi.  Where did Julie take off too?"
     "Julie didn't say.   She just said to keep you busy till she
got here.  She said ten or fifteen minutes at the most before she
returned."
     "That was very nice  of  you.    Are  you  and  Julie  close
friends?"
     "We  have been best friends since we were little kids.   Why
don't we go over here and have a seat."
     I could see that she was pointing to a patio bench that  was
over  toward  the  other side of the house.   We moved across the
side of the house and out from behind the bushes.  The moon light
started to shine on us and I could see Debbie as  she  walked  in
front of me.   She was wearing black pants and a black sleeveless
shirt making her very hard to see.  We sat down on the bench side
by  side and then I got a better look at her.   Very cute.   That
was my first impression.   She had a very small  face  which  was
just,  well,  very  cute.    I  started to scan a little more and
noticed that the sleeveless shirt  was  actually  a  black  vest.
This  vest had a V-neck that was cut almost down to her navel and
pretty wide at the top.   I could see the outline of her  breasts
as  almost  half  of each one was visible and she had no shirt on
underneath.  I started getting hard just sitting there looking at
her.   Her mounds were beautifully shaped  as  they  were  pushed
inward  by  the vest.   I had to get the conversation going again
before I started to drool so I asked her how far away she lived.
     "I only live a few houses over."
     "So how come I have never seen you before?  I only live down
the street."
     "I went to private school instead of the local high  school.
That's probably why."
     "So  maybe  you  could  tell me what Julie has in store this
evening?"
     "I really don't know.   She only called  me  a  few  minutes
before you got here and told me to keep you from leaving."
     I  was  just sitting looking at Debbie and her very enticing
body.   Debbie noticed me looking at her and  said,  "when  Julie
called me I was in bed so I just threw on what clothes were lying
around  and came over here.   Is it my clothes you are looking at
or something else?"
     "I'm looking at what's in your clothes.  They're beautiful."
     "Thank you, thank you very much."
     Debbie took my hand and held it and said, "you're as nice as
Julie said you were.  She said some pretty nice things about you.
She told me all about what happened this afternoon.   She  didn't
say  much because we weren't on the phone that long but I got all
the important parts."
     Debbie lifted up my hand and very quickly slid it inside one
side of her vest.
     "Are my tits as nice as Julie's?"
     I was kind of speechless but I did blurt out a few words.
     "It is real hard to tell because your vest is tight."
     Debbie was quick to take my hint.  She let go of my hand and
undid the two buttons holding the bottom of the vest closed.    I
expected her to fall right out of it but she didn't.  Her breasts
were extremely firm.  I started to squeeze on the one that I had.
I  stopped  for a moment and removed my hand and took a very good
look.  They were beautiful.  Perfectly round and firm.
     "When Julie told me what happened today  it  got  me  really
excited.  Do you think we could fuck?  I'm really in the mood."
     She really caught me by surprise but I said, "you don't even
have to ask".
     Debbie stood up,  kicked off her flip flops and let down her
pants. She pulled me to my feet and pulled my pants down,  faster
than  I  probably  could have.   After she had my pants off,  she
pushed me back down on the seat and climbed up on my  lap.    She
grabbed  my cock and held it up to meet her pussy as she sat down
on it.  She went straight to the bottom on the first stroke.  Her
tits were at face level so I leaned right into her and started to
suck on her nipples.   Her nipples were perfectly sized  for  her
size tits which matched the size of her body.   Perfect.   It was
hard to say perfect but she had a much better body  than  any  of
the other girls that I knew.   Debbie was bouncing up and down on
my lap.  She was very tight and it wouldn't be long until I came.
What made the situation even worse was  the  fact  that  she  was
talking  to  me  while we were fucking.   But mind you,  not your
usual conversation.
     "Oh God,  it feels so good having you inside me.   Julie got
me so excited when she told me how you fucked right in the middle
of  her  living  room.   From then on I just had to have you.   I
needed to feel you pounding in and out of me.  I want you to make
me come.  I can feel my climax building.  It won't be long now."
     I was really getting turned on by what she was saying but  I
couldn't be outdone so I started in.
     "I'm so glad you let me fuck you.   Your pussy is so tight I
can feel every bit of your insides.   You're so wet and it  feels
so good that I could fuck you all night."
     "That could be arranged if you like."
     "I like."
     At  that very moment I could see a set of headlights pulling
into the driveway but I  couldn't  stop  what  I  was  doing  and
neither could Debbie.  We kept right on humping away.  Luckily it
was Julie.
     "I told you to keep him occupied but you didn't have to fuck
him."
     Without missing a stroke, Debbie said, "yes I did.  When you
told me what happened today you got me too horny to keep my hands
off.   If I didn't jump him I would have been playing with myself
all night and that's not as much fun."
     Julie seemed to be very interested in what  we  were  doing.
She stepped around behind Debbie and very slowly removed the only
piece of clothing that Debbie had left,  her vest.  Julie dropped
it to the ground and I could now see the full shape of her chest.
It was outstanding.   Julie seemed to like it too.   She  reached
around  Debbie  and  cupped  her  tits  in  her hands and started
massaging them, running Debbie's nipples between her fingers.
     "Oh Julie that feels so good.   Reach down  and  massage  my
clit, I'm going to come soon."
     With  that  Julie lowered one of her hands to Debbie's pussy
and began massaging as Debbie continued to go up and down  on  my
shaft.    Debbie tossed her head back and Julie cradled it in her
shoulder.
     "I'm going to come.  Oh God, I'm coming."
     It wasn't hard to tell the moment that she came because  her
rhythm  got  very slow and she seemed to concentrate more on each
stroke getting as much pleasure out of each one as possible.   As
Debbie's  climax  started  to  subside she realized that I hadn't
come yet.  She very gently climbed off me and got on her knees.
     "Julie, give me a hand with this."
     Both Debbie and Julie started licking the entire  length  of
my  shaft from bottom to top.   It wouldn't be long before I came
at all.   Moments before I came,  Debbie wrapped her lips  around
the  head  of my dick and with one smooth stroke when all the way
down.   That was all she wrote.   I erupted right into her mouth.
She  didn't flinch a bit.   She kept going up and down but didn't
lose a drop.
     Debbie lifted her head,  "he tastes almost  as  good  as  he
fucks."
     That  was one hell of a profound statement since I didn't do
anything but sit there and enjoy the ride.   Debbie did  all  the
work.    Julie signaled to Debbie that we should go in the house.
Debbie,  who was still busy playing with my dick,  agreed.    She
stood  up,  picked up her clothes and without putting anything on
walked over to the front door.   I didn't want to be left outside
so  I too picked up my clothes and hurried to catch up with them.
Julie unlocked the door and we all went inside.  Debbie turned on
a few lights and then I could really take a good look at her.   I
was in love.   She was more than just cute, she was beautiful and
I'm not just talking about her body.   She had a lovely face  and
beautiful features.   Everything about her was beautiful and best
of all, she was short.  I am about five foot six and I like girls
that are shorter than I am and Debbie was  perfect.    She  about
five  feet  and  very  thin.   She was thin but not skinny.   The
perfect bikini body.   She looked much better without the  bikini
though.    I  had  just come but I felt my dick getting hard just
looking at her.   Debbie saw me looking at her and came up to me,
put  her arms around me and gave me a very deep kiss.   After she
released  the  lip  lock,   I  whispered  in  her  ear,   "you're
beautiful."
     She pulled away and said "thank you."
     I  noticed her starting to blush.   Debbie began to take off
my shirt.   She was doing it very slowly with a big smile on  her
face.   I felt a little bit more comfortable now that it was off.
Julie walked back into the room and Debbie turned and  faced  her
and  put  her  arm  around  me.   Of course I put my arm over her
shoulders.  Julie said, "my don't you two look nice."
     My dick got a little  bit  harder  knowing  that  Julie  was
looking at our bodies.
     "Why don't you two come over here and help me get my clothes
off?"
     We  didn't  waste  anytime.    We both went to work removing
Julie's clothing.   Debbie removed her top while  I  removed  her
pants.    Debbie had her top off first and as I looked up I could
see the two of them kissing and massaging each others  tits.    I
was hoping that this relationship didn't turn out to be like Beth
and  Charlene.    But  what was nice was the fact they Debbie and
Julie were letting me participate so I had no complaints at all.
     After I had Julie's pants off,  I stood up and gave Julie  a
kiss at the same time as Debbie.  Having all our lips and tongues
together  at  the same time felt really interesting.   So much so
that we spent a few minutes going it.   The longer we did it  the
closer  our  bodies got until the three of us had our arms around
each other holding us tightly together.   Julie broke  away  from
the group and finally told us what she wanted to do that evening.
     "I  was  going  to do something tonight but since the two of
you ended up here this evening you can help.   Both  of  you  are
going to help me shave my pussy tonight."
     Debbie  and  I  looked at each other and said,  "sounds like
fun."
     Julie guided us upstairs and we entered her  bedroom.    She
had everything she needed set up there.   Julie put an additional
sheet on top of her bed and then jumped on it.   She seemed to be
in quite a rush.   She took a set of electric clippers, turned it
on,  spread her legs as wide as she could and began to shear  off
her  bush.    She took off as much as she could with the electric
clippers as Debbie and I used our hands to brush away the  hairs.
Debbie stuck her finger inside Julie's hole.
     "You're soaking wet."
     "I have been anxiously awaiting this all day."
     Julie  then  took a can of shaving cream and sprayed some in
her hand.   Then she began to smear it all over the stubble  that
was  left  and down between her legs.   After that was done,  she
reached over to her night table which on it a razor and a bowl of
water.  She handed the razor to Debbie and said, "here you do it.
You can see better."
     Debbie didn't hesitate.   She  stroked  Julie's  mound  very
slowly and very carefully following every curve with utmost care.
I  had  a  beautiful view,  being right next to Debbie.   It took
Debbie about five minutes to  complete  the  job.    As  she  was
getting  close to the end,  I grabbed a washcloth that was on the
night table and waited.   When Debbie was done  I  wiped  Julie's
pussy  clean  of all leftover shaving cream then Julie got up and
stood in front of a full length mirror to admire  what  had  been
done.  Julie smiled when she saw how clean it looked.  She rubbed
herself  a  few  times and then turned to Debbie,  "now it's your
turn."
     Debbie was very hesitant.  She didn't want to be shaved.
     "You shaved me now I am going to shave you."
     With that she pushed Debbie down on the bed and  pushed  her
legs open.   Julie massaged her pussy which made Debbie horny and
she stopped resisting.  Julie used the electric clippers and then
the razor.   The most unusual thing that I noticed was  the  fact
that  Debbie was holding my hand through the entire ordeal.   She
was holding on but not very tight.  She was definitely not scared
or nervous in any way,  she just wanted to  hold  my  hand.    It
wasn't very important at this moment but it became very important
at a later time.
     When  Julie  was done I wiped off Debbie's pussy and she too
stood in front of the mirror to admire herself.  Debbie seemed to
be pleased.  Julie came over and started to rub Debbie's hairless
mound.
     "Now that wasn't so bad was it?"
     "No it wasn't," Debbie replied as  she  started  to  massage
herself.    They  both  stood  in  front  of the mirror for a few
moments admiring each other and watching  as  they  fingered  the
other.    I  just  sat  on the edge of the bed watching the whole
thing and anxiously awaiting the  opportunity  to  bury  my  face
between  their  legs.    Julie  turned to Debbie and embraced her
tightly then whispered something in her ear.   I could  not  hear
what  they  were saying but it did get Debbie to giggle.   Debbie
had a  very  nice  laugh  and  I  was  starting  to  become  very
interested  in  becoming  very close friends with her.   I was in
need of a new girlfriend and maybe she would be it.   When Debbie
was finished giggling,  both girls turned and looked at me with a
very sarcastic smile.   I soon found out why.    They  both  came
running  at the bed and jumped right on top of me.   I thought we
were in for a great love making session but they had other plans.
Julie sat on top of my chest facing my direction  which  kept  me
from  realizing  what  was going on because I had this beautiful,
bare twat to look at until I heard the electric clippers.  I felt
Debbie grab my cock and start to go around it with  the  electric
clippers.   I began to put up a fight.   Debbie yelled at me, "if
you don't lie still I am going to cut your dick off!"
     That calmed me right down.
     "Just be careful", I replied.
     I had no choice but to just lay there.   Julie kept  turning
around to see how Debbie was doing.   I figured I should make the
most of the situation so I grabbed Julie's ass and  very  quickly
slid her forward until her pussy was right in my face.   I buried
my tongue inside her hole real fast before she had  a  chance  to
protest  even though I don't think she would have.   I started to
lick away at the entire length of her slit.   She loved it.   She
started  moving  her  hips  to  give me better access to her more
sensitive spots.   Before I knew what was happening,  Debbie  had
finished  and  pulled  Julie off me to her disappointment.   They
stood me in front of the mirror to see their their handiwork.   I
must  say that after it was all over I wasn't upset that they had
done it at all.  Seeing  they  beautiful  bodies  alongside  mine
really got me going.
     I  reached  down  and  placed my hands between each of their
legs and applied pressure to their clits.   They were all  worked
up  from  the  events which just occurred and I was the finishing
touch.  They both got even more excited.
     "Let's get in bed"  was  the  suggestion  that  Julie  made.
Neither  Debbie  nor I answered,  we just slowly moved toward the
bed.   Julie pulled off the extra sheet that she  had  put  down,
pulled  back the covers,  and laid down with her legs spread wide
open and her hand extended to me to join her.  I crawled into the
bed  on  top of her and signaled for Debbie to come right next to
me.  The action started right away.  I could feel their hands all
over my body,  especially down by  my  balls.    They  liked  the
feeling  of  no  hair  and  of course I paid particular attention
between their legs which was now very sensitive.
     After about fifteen minutes of foreplay, I ducked underneath
the covers and got into a sixty-nine position with Julie.   As  I
licked  her pussy,  I felt Debbie join her at licking and sucking
on my cock.   We lost all track of time.   I had no idea how long
we  had  been  eating each other.   When my tongue became tired I
very slowly turned myself around and popped out  from  underneath
the  covers  to  find  Debbie's and Julie's tongues entwined.   I
stopped midway  up  their  bodies  and  began  sucking  on  their
nipples.    I would take one of each of their nipples in my mouth
at the same time then rub them together.   They  seemed  to  like
that.
     Suddenly  Julie  exclaimed,  "it's too fucking hot in here!"
and threw the covers off the bed and onto the floor.   Debbie and
I paid no mind.   We kept right on going with what we were doing.
Julie was really getting hot so I climbed on  top  of  her,  took
hold  of  my  cock and slowly slid it into her.   She gasped with
pleasure as I drove it in and out.   Debbie propped her  head  up
with  her  arm  and  watched  as  Julie and I made the bed shake.
Debbie placed her other hand on my ass and rubbed as  I  stroked.
She didn't play with my ass long though.   Soon she lifted up her
leg and began to massage herself.   I  could  see  that  she  was
getting pretty turned on by watching us.
     Julie  was  getting  ready  to come but again it was hard to
tell because she was so quiet. She dug her nails into my back and
I felt her body shudder.   Soon after I stopped my motion,  Julie
collapsed,  out of breath.  I looked at Debbie who was very close
to getting herself off and said,  "would you like me to help  you
or do you want to get off all by yourself.?"
     I loved Debbie's reply.   "I want to come with you inside me
and I want you to come inside me."
     Without another word I climbed of Julie,  rolled Debbie over
on  her  back  and spread her legs.   I couldn't help but to once
again admire her body.
     "Put it in" she cried.
     I did just that and she replied, "oh god that feels good!"
     She wrapped her arms and legs around me and squeezed  tight.
Our  bodies  were so tightly wrapped that we moved in synchronous
motion.   Debbie definitely let you know when  she  was  excited.
She moaned and cried out and occasionally yelled out instructions
like,  "faster"  or "harder" or "don't stop" or any of a thousand
other things.   By this time  Julie  had  recovered  and  sat  up
against  the  headboard  and was watching us with her legs spread
open and her hand between them trying to  get  off  again.    The
feeling  I  had  with  Debbie was like with no other girl before.
She was so stimulating and excited that I just had to keep going.
I couldn't let myself come.   I wanted to keep  going  all  night
long but alas, she was so exciting that I couldn't contain myself
any  longer.   I filled her with my cream and once again she came
to a climax in my arms.  Julie also came at the same time we did.
Our magnetic excitement just seemed to be  contagious  and  Julie
couldn't hold on any longer.
     That was all I could remember of that torrid sex scene.  The
next  thing  I knew after I woke up was Debbie,  cuddled up in my
arms and Julie laying on the other  side  of  me  with  her  hand
between my legs.  I looked at the clock on the night table and it
was four o'clock in the morning so I decided I should wake Debbie
because  maybe  she had to get home.   I gently tapped her on the
shoulder and she opened her eyes.
     "It's four o'clock, do you need to get home?"
     "Yes I do but first..."
     Debbie looked at me with her beautiful eyes and gave me  the
most delicious and sensuous kiss I had ever experienced.
     She said to me in a very soft whisper,  "I want to thank you
for a great evening.   I never came like that  before.    It  was
great  and you were great and Julie was great and the whole thing
was just wonderful.  Thank you."
     "You're quite welcome but I better get you home now."
     I gently removed Julie's hand so as  not  to  wake  her  and
Debbie  and I softly got off the bed and walked downstairs,  hand
in hand,  to get our clothes.   I really liked Debbie.   Not just
because  she  was  fabulous  in bed but by the way she talked and
acted,  she impressed me as a really sensitive person with  loads
of  caring  inside her.   Who ever said the soft sensitive people
couldn't love to fuck.
     We helped each other get dressed.   She helped  me  with  my
clothes  first  and  then I helped her.   I helped her put on her
vest and I felt sorry that I had to hide her beautiful  tits  but
when her vest was on it really didn't hide too much anyway.
     It  was still dark outside as we opened the door and stepped
out leaving Julie upstairs asleep to recover from her  exhausting
night.   I held Debbie's hand as we walked down the street to her
house.   I recognized the house but never realized that she lived
there.  We walked to the front door and Debbie said as she turned
to  face  me,  "thank  you  again  for  a  great night.   I had a
wonderful time.   It's a good thing Julie called me this  evening
or I may never have met you."
     "I'm really glad that you were there too.  You were loads of
fun and I hope we can do this again sometime."
     "I  can  guarantee  that  will happen again only next time I
want you all to myself.   I don't want to have to share you  with
Julie, for now anyway."
     "That's  no problem at all.   Maybe you would like to go out
for dinner with me tomorrow night."
     "I'd love too.  Could you pick me up around five?"
     "I'll be here."
     With that I put my arms around her and we started making out
on her front step.  She was a wonderful kisser amongst everything
else.   I could feel her tits pressing up against my chest and  I
couldn't help but slip my hands between us, unbutton her vest and
take hold of her magnificent knockers.  I was only in contact for
a  few moments when she pulled away and said,  "let's save it for
tonight."
     "Okay."
     One last kiss and I was on my way.   As I got to the end  of
her  driveway,  she removed her vest to give me one last look and
then stepped into the house.   I was hard all the  way  home  but
once I got in bed I was asleep before I even realized how horny I
was.    I had a real hard time getting up in the morning.   I was
really exhausted but no matter how tired I was,  I really  looked
forward  to spending the evening with her.   Even if I didn't get
in her pants I would feel very satisfied just to spend time  with
her and get to know her better.
     That day passed very quickly because I was busy at work.  We
have a cashier where I work with enormous tits.   Most of the day
is spent looking at her.   She swings them around a lot  to  show
them  off but because of the nature of my job I try never to mess
around with people I work with.   I got home from work  a  little
late.  Didn't have time to shower, just put on something nice and
get  over  to  Debbie's.   I was hurrying because I thought I was
going to be late and when I got to Debbie's, I found her still in
her robe drying her hair.
     "Hi,  I'm running late.   Sorry.   I just  got  out  of  the
shower.    I'll be dressed in a few minutes.   Why don't you come
into the other room and talk to me while I get ready."
     I followed her into her bedroom.   I  couldn't  believe  the
place.    It  was  wall  to  wall teddy bears and dolls and other
assorted stuffed animals.
     "Where did you ever get all these animals?"
     "They have been  given  to  me  as  gifts  over  the  years.
Because  I  am  so small,  my family thinks I look real cute with
stuffed animals.  I think they're kind of nice."
     Debbie pulled a dress out of the closet  and  asked  what  I
thought  of  it.    It was a one piece knee high dress that was a
combination of yellow and white.   It was a bright sunny day  out
so I thought that it was fine.   She decided that it would do and
laid it out on the bed next to where I sat myself down.    Debbie
then dropped her robe to the floor completely baring her body for
me once again.   My first sight of her was from behind and I once
again noticed how small and smooth her ass was.   Debbie faced  a
vanity  mirror  and put on a little bit of make-up,  some perfume
and them put some baby powder on her chest and between her  legs.
She turned and walked over to where I was sitting,  picked up the
dress and slipped it over her body.    No  bra,  no  panties,  no
nothing.
     "You don't put anything else on?"
     "I  like  to  feel as comfortable as possible.   There is no
need for anything else.  It is not windy so I don't have to worry
about my dress blowing up so what does it matter?"
     "Good point.  Are you ready to do?"
     "Yep.  Let's go."
     We walked out to the car and I  opened  the  door  for  her.
After  she was in,  I closed the door and went around to my side,
got in and started up.   No sooner had I  started  the  car  than
Debbie  slid  over  and  sat  next  to me.   I wouldn't have been
surprised in any other car but my car had  bucket  seats  with  a
console in the middle.
     "Isn't that going to be uncomfortable?"
     "Is it okay if I sit next to you?"
     "It's  okay with me but I don't think your bottom will agree
with me."
     "If my bottom gets sore then you'll just have to kiss it and
make it better."
     "That's no problem," I commented.
     I started up the car and drove away.   I put my  arm  around
her  and  she  cuddled  close.   I didn't slip my hand inside her
dress because I wanted this to be more of a social  evening.    I
just wanted to be with her.   As I was driving, she spent most of
her time kissing my neck.   It got me a little horny but  nothing
that I couldn't control.
     We  arrived  at  the restaurant and went right in.   We both
wanted Chinese food so that is what we had.   It was a good thing
the   restaurant   wasn't   crowded  because  I  forgot  to  make
reservations.  It was one of the best restaurants in the area and
I knew Debbie would like it.   I was really starting to like her.
For  some  reason  I  felt like I had to impress her.   After the
waiter seated us,  Debbie asked me what to order.    I  had  been
there many times before and I knew almost every item on the menu.
I  told her to order whatever she wanted,  that everything on the
menu was good.  I ordered Szechuan Beef and Debbie ordered Shrimp
in Garlic Sauce, not that it really makes much difference.
     After we ordered, we sat looking into each others eyes.  She
had beautiful eyes.   I became so hypnotized that I got flustered
and  couldn't  think  of  anything to say.   When Debbie spoke it
broke the spell and brought me back to reality.
     "Thank you for taking me out for dinner."
     "Don't thank me until you've eaten the food.   You  may  not
like it."
     "After all you have said about this place, I don't see how I
couldn't."
     "Everyone has different tastes.  We'll see."
     "What did you think of Julie last night?"
     "That seems to be a strange question.   Why don't you ask me
what I thought about you?"
     "That's my next question.  What did you think about Julie?"
     "What do you want me to tell you,  that she is  pretty,  she
has a very soft body with big tits, or that she's a good lay?"
     "Yes."
     "Yes what?"
     "Tell me what you though about all those things."
     "She is pretty,  she has a very soft body with big tits, and
she is a good lay."
     "That's what I thought."
     Debbie said that with a very disappointed look on her  face.
I inquired as to why.
     "I was just wondering if you liked Julie more than me."
     "So  why  are  you  frowning?    You didn't ask me your next
question yet."
     "Okay, what did you think of me last night?"
     "You are much more beautiful than Julie;  I don't  like  big
tits, and you are much more exciting to fuck than she is."
     Debbie suddenly opened up with an ear to ear smile and began
to blush.   She looked around the restaurant to see if anyone was
listening to our conversation.  I continued.
     "Not only are you a sexual dynamo,  but from what I've  seen
from  just  our  conversations,  you  are  also a very sensitive,
caring, and lovable person.   I wouldn't mind spending a lot more
time with you in the near future."
     Debbie turned an even brighter red than she was before.  She
reached across the table and gave me a kiss.
     "You can see as much of me as you like."
     "I've  already  see every inch of your body that there is to
see."
     "You know what I mean."
     The waiter served our food and we started to  eat.    Debbie
was very impressed at how good the food was.   I'll admit that is
was a little better than usual.   We didn't talk  much  while  we
were eating.  We were both too involved in what we were doing.  A
few small conversations broke out between mouth fulls but nothing
of  any  importance.    We finished dinner and just sat back very
satisfied with the meal.  I asked Debbie if she wanted dessert.
     "After a meal like that I have no room.   Let's  wait  until
later.   There is a good movie on HBO and we could go to my house
and watch it if you want too.   I  could  make  us  some  dessert
there."
     "That sounds good to me."
     I  signaled  the  waiter  for the check.   With the check he
brought two fortune cookies.  Debbie picked up one, opened it and
read it.
     "Enjoy, the night is still young."
     I picked up the other one and read it.
     "Pleasant company makes for very pleasant evenings."
     I couldn't believe the cookie said that.  It was the perfect
saying at the perfect moment.   Debbie made a comment about  that
one.
     "I  guess we are going to have a very pleasant evening then,
aren't we?"
     "I guess so.  Are you ready to go?"
     "Yeah."
     I left the tip on the table and paid the check by  the  door
and then we were on our way.
     As  it  was  with Beth,  the more and more time I spent with
Debbie, the more comfortable I became.   I was loosening up which
made  it much more comfortable for me to talk with her.   She was
no longer the stranger that sat on my dick in  front  of  Julie's
house.    I  was  really glad that she was so sexually open.   It
makes for a very exciting relationship.   But not  only  was  she
active  with  her  body  but she was also a very fun person to be
with.  It's hard to describe her.  Just in the way she smiled and
the way she laughed and the look in her eyes draws  you  to  her.
The  words I'm looking for are 'magnetically appealing'.   How do
you like that phrase?  I liked it.  Anyway...
     We arrived back at Debbie's house and we went inside.    She
directed  me  toward  a den and told me to sit down on the couch.
She turned on the TV and told me that she was going  to  go  make
some  popcorn  for  the  movie.    I sat and watch the rock video
previews that they have between movies.    We  had  gotten  there
about fifteen minutes before the movie was to start.  Just before
the movie was about to start, Debbie reappeared with a large bowl
of  popcorn,  a pitcher of iced tea and some glasses.   There was
also a major change in what she was wearing.   Now she had  on  a
really  cute  terry  cloth  outfit consisting of a halter top and
short shorts.   It really looked nice on her.   It  accented  the
shape of her ass and her chest.   She poured the tea and then sat
down next to me.
     "Is the movie almost ready to start?"
     "Yeah, in another minute or two," I told her.
     I had no idea where we were going to put all  that  popcorn.
We  had just finished a large dinner not more than thirty minutes
before.   Debbie dug right in.   After a minute of munching,  the
movie  started,  so  Debbie  sat back on the couch and rested her
head on my shoulder.  I reciprocated by putting my arm around her
and squeezing her tightly to me.   She moved her hips so that she
could  get as close to me as possible.   We sat absolutely silent
for the entire length of the movie.   The only  movement  between
the  two  of us was to reach for the popcorn or the tea or for me
to move my arm around because it had fallen asleep.
     Immediately after the movie was over,  Debbie jumped to  her
feet and put in a video tape.
     "Let's watch another movie," she told me.
     "Wasn't that one enough?"
     "Nope."
     Debbie came back to the couch and sat down next to me.
     "What are we watching now?"
     "Just wait and see."
     So I waited.   To my surprise it turned out to be an X-rated
movie.   Debbie asked me if I wanted to watch it  or  should  she
turn it off.   I told her that I wanted to watch it.   So we did.
At the first sex scene I slipped my  hand  inside  Debbie's  top.
She immediately grabbed my hand and said,  "not until the movie's
over."
     I almost died right there.  I had to sweat through the whole
movie with a raging hard-on.   I rubbed myself a couple of  times
and  Debbie snickered each time.   She was loving every minute of
my frustration.   After about an hour and a half  the  movie  was
finally over.  I was in pain.
     Debbie  stood  up and took me by the hand and lead me to her
room.   She unbuttoned my shirt and threw it on the floor.   Next
she  went  for  the  pants and got them off my with absolutely no
fight at all.   I reached out to her and removed her top and then
her  shorts.    I pulled her close to me so I could feel her body
against mine and we started making out standing  stark  naked  in
the middle of her room.   As soon as our lips were apart,  Debbie
made a very good suggestion.
     "Let's go take a shower."
     I had never taken a shower with anyone else before but I was
sure that with Debbie, it was going to be fun.  Instead of taking
my hand, she lead me by my cock to the bathroom.  I followed very
close behind her so she wouldn't pull it off.   The bathroom  was
right across the hall and as we entered I was amazed at how large
it was.  It wasn't what you think of as a glamorous bathroom.  It
was  just  big.   Everything was very spread out.   As soon as we
stepped inside,  I could feel shag carpeting on  my  feet.    The
entire room had white shag on the floor.
     We  walked  over  to  a  translucent glass door which Debbie
opened and stepped inside.   The shower was enormous.   I  looked
inside  to  see  a  shower nozzle on each of the four walls and a
bench on two of them.
     "Come on in" Debbie said to me.
     "Nice shower."
     "It's a lot more fun than it looks."
     "It looks like a lot of fun."
     Debbie turned a few knobs on one  of  the  walls  and  water
started  to  spray out of one of the shower heads.   She adjusted
them until the water was an  agreeable  temperature  then  turned
another  knob  and  water began spraying out of all four nozzles.
Water sprayed every inch of the shower and every bit of us  also.
After  only  a  moment  we  were both completely wet and we moved
toward each other,  taking the other in our arms and began making
out  under  the  heavy  stream  of water.   As we held our bodies
tightly together,  I would reach my hands down and grab Debbie by
the  ass and squeeze,   not only to feel her firm buns but for me
to feel my cock against her bare pussy.  It was still very smooth
and it was a great sensation.
     Debbie reach over to redirect some of the water and retrieve
a bar of soap.   She began to soap up my entire body.   I  looked
around and noticed another bar of soap so I grabbed it and soaped
up  Debbie.    With  my  hands  full of soap,  Debbie's body felt
perfectly smooth with not a single imperfection on it.    We  ran
our  hands  over  every part of each others body.   Even after we
were full of soap,  the feeling of hands sliding  on  our  bodies
made us continue to keep our hands moving.
     I  could  feel  Debbie smearing soap all over my cock.   The
soap made her hand slide so  gently  that  it  felt  like  I  was
fucking her.  She wrapped her fingers around my shaft tightly and
started to stroke the entire length very slowly.  The entire time
she  was  stroking  me,  I continued to run my hands all over her
body especially her nipples.   She really like  that.    When  my
breathing got very heavy, she increased the speed of each stroke.
I  was in heaven.   Suddenly she stopped and said,  "I grew up in
this house and ever since I knew what it was I  would  masturbate
in the shower.  Every time, without exception so if you'll excuse
me for a moment you can watch me get myself off for a change."
     I  was  so  astounded  by  what she said that I couldn't say
anything so I just sat down on one of the benches as  Debbie  sat
on  the one directly across from me facing in my direction.   She
spread her legs wide open and  planted  her  feet  on  the  floor
taking the bar of soap that she had and soaped up both her hands.
I had a beautiful view of her pussy as she sank her hands between
her  legs  to soap herself up even more than I had already.   She
leaned back against the wall and massaged every square millimeter
of her snatch with tender loving care.   Her breathing got  heavy
very  fast  and  I  could  see her body start to move around.   I
reached for my shaft and stroked myself while enjoying the  show.
Debbie began to moan and groan and in the confines of the shower,
it sounded quite loud.
     My  eyes  were  fixed to her pussy but her hands took up all
the scenery so I refocused my eyes  on  her  entire  body  paying
particular  attention  to  the  expressions  on  her  face.   Her
reactions were that of pure pleasure.  Her entire body showed the
pleasure that she was in.   Her nipples were tall and  hard,  her
hips  were swaying with the motion of her hands.   Her whole body
was actually getting into the rhythm.
     Watching a beautiful girl play with herself  in  the  shower
was too much for me to contain so I shot my load straight up into
the air.   Once I got hold of myself again I realized that Debbie
was still going at it so I decided to have some fun.
     "You really love me sitting here watching you, don't you?"
     It was hard for her to speak but she said, "yes,  I do.   It
really turns me on.  Next to Julie, you are the only other person
to ever see me do this.   Julie would come over about once a week
and we would come in here and get all soaped up just like we did.
Then we would sit next to each other and I would  play  with  her
and  she  would  play  with  me  until  we both got off.   It was
wonderful."
     I moved over and sat on the bench next to her and flicked my
tongue across just the tips of her nipples.   Her nipples were so
sensitive that it drove her wild.
     "Get down between my legs and hold them up."
     I  quickly did as she asked.   I watched her masturbate with
her pussy only inches from my face.   I held her legs up  so  she
wouldn't  slip  off  the  seat.    She  was getting very close to
orgasm.   I couldn't believe that she was lasting this long.    I
was  almost  hard  again.   I pushed her legs up even higher so I
could get closer to her and I grabbed  her  nipples  and  twirled
them  between  my fingers.   That was enough to send her over the
edge.   She yelled and screamed and her whole body tensed up.   I
couldn't  believe it but she was having one continuous orgasm for
quite a while.  It was hard to tell how long but it was a hell of
a lot longer than a guy's single shot.    When  she  was  finally
done,  her body went limp just like a wet noodle.  I put her legs
back on the floor and then a brilliant idea hit.  I reached up to
the wall behind me and directed the spray nozzle directly at  her
exposed pussy.  When the stream of water hit her she screamed and
immediately put her hands back between her legs, spread her pussy
lips  and let the water hit her clit.   Her clit was so sensitive
that she came again within seconds.  I couldn't believe that such
a small girl had so much energy.   I  soon  found  out  that  she
didn't  have  as  much  energy  as I thought when she did the wet
noodle routine again.   Her breathing was still very  heavy.    I
turned  her  body  so  she  could  lie on the bench and catch her
breath.   I stood up and turned off the water.   I looked down at
her  nude  body  lying  there  and  got  hard.    She had such an
exquisite body that it would get anyone hard just to look at  it.
Now  that  it  was completely wet made her look just a little bit
sexier.
     It didn't take long for Debbie to  get  it  together.    She
stood  up and immediately gave me the biggest hug of my life.   I
thought she was going to crack some of my ribs.
     "No one has ever made me come more than once.   I never felt
like that before."
     Just getting out that statement was a lot for her.   She had
to stop talking to catch her breath again.   I took her hand  and
lead her out of the shower.  I grabbed a towel and started wiping
her  down  from  head  to toe.   When I got down to her pussy she
jumped when I tried to reach between her legs to dry her.
     "I'm still really sensitive down there.    Keep  wiping  and
come back to that area later."
     I  could  have  been a nice guy and kept on going but I felt
more like being mean and rotten.   I quickly put my  arms  around
her  and  tackled her down onto the shag carpeting;  forced apart
her legs, put my face between them and started to lick her.   She
put  up  a noble fight at the beginning but I had wrapped my arms
around her legs so she wasn't going  anywhere.    After  about  a
minute of fighting I got the best of her.   I could tell that she
was getting turned on again.   Her nipples grew so  fast  that  I
could  see  them  getting  bigger.   Her breathing got very heavy
again and her body, just like before got tense.  Now that she was
on a larger surface,  she arched her back,  with her legs  around
the  back  of my neck.   This allowed me to lift the entire lower
half of her body into the air.   I didn't lift her very high  but
just  enough  to give her a great head rush.   Through all of our
awkward positioning, my tongue never missed a stroke.  She was so
sensitive from our escapades in the shower  that  she  reached  a
climax  in only a few seconds.   But this time it didn't subside.
As long as I kept my tongue flicking across her clit,  the orgasm
would remain.   Her breathing got so heavy that I thought she was
going to pass out from lack of air.   I finally stopped when  she
told  me she couldn't breath anymore.   I think she could breath,
she just couldn't handle that much pleasure at one time.
     I let her lie there for a minute.   When I realized that she
would not be getting up under her own power for a while, I picked
her  up,  carried  her into her room and gently placed her on the
bed.  Instantly upon making contact with the bed, she rolled over
on her side,  placed her hand between her legs and  squeezed  her
thighs.
     "What did you do that for?" I asked.
     "It prolongs the sensation a little bit."
     I  sat  on  the  bed right next to her admiring her body and
waiting for her to come back to life.   I couldn't  believe  what
had  happened.    I know that I didn't do anything different.   I
know that I'm not that good.   So why did she go off  in  such  a
frenzy?  Maybe someday I'll find out.
     Debbie  rolled  over on to her back and extended her arms up
for me to come to her.   I leaned over and once again she took me
in her arms and gave me a bear hug.   I also held her tight for a
few minutes then said,  "you're pretty exhausted so I guess  I'll
get going now and let you get some sleep."
     Debbie sat right up and said, "you're not leaving this house
with a hard-on."
     With  every bit of energy she had left,  she rolled me on my
back and with a single gulp swallowed every inch I had.   I  must
have  grown  another inch in her mouth.   She proceeded to give a
sensational blowjob.   Her attention never left my dick.   In and
out  of  her mouth continuously with only a moments hesitation to
lick the head.   She continued for about five minutes  which  was
all I needed.  I came right into her mouth but she didn't fluster
or  lose a drop.   She swallowed each and every bit of it.   When
Debbie was finally finished she looked at me and said,  "now  you
can leave under one condition."
     "What's that?"
     "That I will get to see you again tomorrow."
     "You would need a shotgun to keep me away."
     With that I stood up and grabbed my clothes.   I put them on
right in front of Debbie and she seemed to  get  a  kick  out  of
watching me.  After I was dressed I proceeded for the front door.
Debbie  followed me without picking up any of her clothing.   She
opened the front door for me and I turned to  say  good  bye  and
Debbie  just  walked outside in front of me.   Debbie's house was
not hidden by bushes like Julie's was.
     "Aren't you afraid someone is going to see you?"
     "This is a dead neighborhood after midnight.   No  one  ever
comes out this late except Julie and I."
     "And what do you and Julie do?"
     "I'll tell you about some of our experiences another time."
     Debbie  started walking to my car and I followed.   I opened
the door and got inside.  Debbie leaned inside and we kissed each
other good night.   As she was leaned over I grabbed one  of  her
tits that just happen to be hanging there.
     "Don't you ever stop?" she asked me.
     "Never."
     "That's good.  Good night, I'll see you tomorrow."
     "Good night."
     One  last kiss and I closed the door.   I started up the car
and turned on the headlights.   Debbie,  having a little bit more
fun,  gave me a real sexy pose in the bright light then went into
the house.   I drove the half block back to my house and  crashed
out for the remainder of the evening.  What a day it had been.
     I  guess  I had myself a girlfriend again.   It felt good to
know that someone wanted to see me.  I really liked Debbie a lot.
I hope she liked me.   The fact that she wanted to see  me  often
made  me  think  that she did but I will just have to find out if
she really did or not.   It's not important that she told  me  as
long as she still wanted to see me but it was nice to know.
     I awoke the next morning in a really good mood.   I couldn't
believe how good I felt.   I felt like I had really  accomplished
something the night before.   I ate breakfast and went to work as
usual.   Work was boring  as  usual,  except  the  time  I  spent
watching the cashier with the big tits.   I think she liked being
stared at.   She sure didn't try to hide it.   I was starting  to
get tired of where I worked.   It wasn't that bad but I had to do
something with my life and I was just  sitting  at  home  wasting
away.    I  was spending all my free time lately with Debbie so I
wasn't thinking about my future.  I tried to think of things that
I could do.  I could go to college,  or trade school,  or go into
the  military,  or even stay where I was.   What an awful thought
that was.
     Suddenly,   as  I  was  thinking  of   all   the   different
possibilities,  Debbie  popped  back  into  my  head.    For  the
remainder of the day I couldn't get her out of my mind.  Not that
I really wanted to but I didn't like walking around all day  with
a  hard-on.    It  just  wasn't  too comfortable.   I was looking
forward to getting home and calling Debbie to see what she wanted
to do tonight.
     Finally the work day came to an end.   I worked  in  a  very
large  store  and  at  the end of the day I had to walk around to
check the locks on all the fire doors.   The cashier that I  have
been telling you about cornered me in one of the back storerooms.
I  was  in  a rush to get home to call Debbie and I really didn't
feel like messing with her.
     "I noticed that you have been watching me a  lot.    I  also
noticed that I get you real hard.  Why don't we fuck so you won't
have to strain your pants anymore."
     What  she said to me really pissed me off.   She thought the
whole world gets hard looking  at  her  tits  and  that  everyone
wanted to fuck her.  She lifted up her shirt to show me her tits.
No  doubt  they were impressive but like I said earlier,  I don't
get into big tits.  They are nice to look at but the really don't
turn me on any.   This girl was nice  looking,  not  outstanding,
about  average.   Under other circumstances I probably would have
fucked her but her cocky attitude really turned me off.
     "So you want to get laid?  Well there are a bunch of guys up
by the front of the store who just finished a  hard  day's  work.
Walk  up  there with no shirt on and I'm sure that each and every
one of them will fuck your brains out.  As for me,  I have my own
horny  girlfriend  at  home and it's her pants that I want to get
into, not yours."
     That pissed her off.   She immediately pulled her shirt back
down  and left the store.   I really shouldn't have said that but
she asked for it.   Now let's get back to work and finish my  job
so I could get home to Debbie.
     As  I was driving home,  all I could think about was Debbie.
I kept picturing her beautiful body in the sexy pose she gave  me
when  she  stood  nude  in front of my headlights last night.   I
shouldn't spend so much time thinking about getting in her pants.
Somehow I knew that I would get enough of that.   I should  spend
more  time  with her trying to please her as a girlfriend and not
just to make sure that she always gets off.   But as I thought  a
little  harder I realized that most of the time,  she was the one
coming on to me.  She usually started so I must be doing what she
wants.  I wanted to keep her happy, so what if that made me happy
too.
     I felt very relieved when I got home.   I went into my  room
to change out of my uniform and into a comfortable pair of jeans.
I grabbed something to drink and decided to call her.
     Debbie was the one to pick up the phone.   There never seems
to be anyone else at her house.
     "Hello?"
     "Hi, it's me."  I assumed she would recognize the voice.   I
would have been upset if she didn't.
     "I've been waiting for you to call."
     "Why?  You have something you want to talk about?"
     "No.   Nothing special,  but there is a question I have been
meaning to ask you for a while."
     "You can ask me anything."
     "I really don't know how to ask this so I am just  going  to
have to ask you straight.  Does it bother you that I enjoy making
love with Julie?"
     Her  question  definitely  caught  me off guard but I didn't
drop the phone or anything.
     "Why should it bother me?"
     "I don't know but I had a boyfriend once  who  Julie  and  I
tried  to  coax  into  bed  and  he got all bent out of shape the
moment I touched her."
     "Have I said anything yet?"
     "No not yet, but I don't know, maybe you have a limit."
     "It doesn't bother me at all as long as I don't get ignored.
I can't handle rejection.   I really love to be with  you  and  I
would feel pretty bad if you wanted someone else more than me and
it doesn't matter if it is a guy or a girl."
     "That's  good.    The  reason  that I asked is because Julie
wanted to come over this evening and she wanted me to invite  you
too.    I just wanted to check to make sure that it didn't bother
you."
     "It didn't bother me the first time and it doesn't bother me
now.  I just want you to know that you are the person I want, not
Julie.   I want to make love to you.   If Julie wants to join  us
that's fine with me as long as it doesn't happen all the time."
     "I'm really happy that you feel like that.  We can love each
other  as much as we want but every now and then I have this urge
to make love with Julie.  Don't misunderstand what I am saying, I
do love Julie.   We grew up together and have  always  been  best
friends and will always be best friends.   I know Julie and I can
never have a life long relationship as lovers but we do enjoy  it
now."
     "Why can't you have a life long relationship?"
     "Because  I  dream  of  someday  getting  married and having
children and that is a little hard for Julie and I to do."
     "You have a point there but you and Julie  can  always  love
each  other  even  after  both of you are married,  you just need
husbands that will cooperate."
     "Are you volunteering?"
     "Not yet."
     Debbie was silent after that statement.   I had to stop  and
think about what I had just said also.   Debbie finally picked up
the conversation again.
     "Why don't you come over to my house at about seven."
     "What time is Julie coming over?"
     "Same time.  Will I see you then?"
     "Of course you will see me then."
     "I hope so.  I'm counting on it.  See you later.  Bye."
     "Bye."
     I hung up the phone and  felt  a  thrill  of  excitement  go
through me.  This was going to be a great evening.
     My  knowledge  about  how  to please a girl was growing on a
daily basis now.   Every time I made love  to  Debbie  I  learned
something  new.    Every  time  I  made  love  period,  I learned
something new.  I couldn't wait to see what I would learn today.
     The next few hours went real slow as it does  every  time  I
want something to happen quickly.   It was eventually time for me
to walk over to Debbie's.  Actually I ran over there.  When I got
there I had to wait to catch my breath before I rang the doorbell
so it didn't really serve any purpose to run.    Debbie  answered
the  door  wearing  the  same  terry cloth outfit she had on last
night.   This time I could see her nipples trying to  poke  their
way through her top.
     I  stepped  inside and we put our arms around each other and
exchanged quite a long kiss.   After breaking away I  asked,  "is
Julie here yet?"
     "No not yet but she should be here soon.  Why don't you come
sit down over here?"
     Debbie  directed  me  over  to  the  couch  and  we sat down
together.  I put my arms around her and we started making out.  I
ran my fingers through her hair and it felt  so  silky.    Debbie
lifted  up  the  back of my shirt and started to scratch my back.
It felt very relaxing.   My lips left Debbie's and I made my  way
down  to  her neck.   I ran my lips all over it and around to her
ears.   Her ears were really sensitive and she pushed me away but
I forced my way back in there.  She pleaded with me to stop but I
wouldn't.    I  ran  my tongue all over her ears and that got her
pretty excited.  I stopped as soon as her breathing got heavy and
returned to her lips.   Just as I reached her lips,  the doorbell
rang and it was none other than Julie.
     Julie  came  in  and gave Debbie a kiss than came over to me
and gave me one also that included a little slip of  the  tongue.
She  looked  down  at  my pants and noticed a bulge so she asked,
"what have you two been doing?"
     Debbie replied,  "nothing yet,  we were just getting  warmed
up."
     Julie  sat  herself  down  in  a  chair facing the couch and
Debbie and I sat down where we were on the couch.   She sat  down
right  next to me so I put my arm around her and pulled her close
to me.   Debbie began staring at Julie and I couldn't figure  out
why until she asked, "what have you been smoking?"
     "What do you think I've been smoking?"
     "You're going to be loads of fun tonight."
     "You bet I am.   Why don't you two start fooling around so I
can watch and get even hornier than I already am?"
     Debbie looked over at me then back to  Julie  and  said,  "I
think that can be arranged."
     Debbie  took my hand which was over her shoulder and slid it
down inside her top until  I  took  hold  of  one  of  her  tits.
Julie's  eyes became glued to us.   Debbie reached over and undid
the snap and zipper on my pants and pulled out my cock which  was
now  stiff  as  a flag pole.   She wrapped her hand around it and
commenced stroking.   I took my free hand and opened up  Debbie's
pants.   I tried to stick my hand inside her pants but we were so
tangled up that it was useless.   I pulled  my  hands  away  from
Debbie  and  we both stood up.   I lifted her top off at the same
time she lifted my shirt off.   I pulled her close to me to  give
her a kiss and to feel her nipples dig into my chest.
     I  inched  my  hands down to the waist band of her pants and
pushed her pants down to about her knees.   Then I got down on my
knees  and  pushed her pants the rest of the way and removed them
from her body.   I lifted my head up and there I  saw  her  still
bare pussy.  There was a little stubble now as it was starting to
grow  back  but  that  didn't  bother  me at all.   I put my face
between her legs and darted my tongue in and out at the  lips  of
her  pussy.    Debbie  spread  her  legs a little bit to allow me
better access.   As I was giving her this tongue action  I  could
look up to see her with her eyes closed,  squeezing her tits, and
playing with her nipples.
     After a few minutes I stopped what I was doing and  I  stood
up.    Debbie  knew what to do immediately.   She got down on her
knees and removed my pants and then proceeded to lick the  length
of  my shaft.   I looked over to Julie and I could see her just a
few  feet  away  put  her  hand  inside  her  pants   and   start
masturbating.   Debbie looked over her way and knowing that Julie
was really getting turned on,  slipped my dick into her mouth and
sucked  on  it with all she had.   I played with her hair and her
ears as she was sucking and that seemed to stimulate her a little
bit more.   As soon as I felt like I was only a few minutes  away
from  coming,  I stopped Debbie and maneuvered her body until she
was lying on her back on a coffee table that was right  in  front
of  Julie's chair.   I spread Debbie's legs so Julie could have a
beautiful view and then I placed the head of my dick right at her
entrance.  I ran it up and down her slit to stimulate both Debbie
and Julie.   Julie couldn't wait for me to put  it  in  her.    I
teased  both  of them just a little bit but then I couldn't stand
it myself any longer so I leaned forward and pushed my cock  into
Debbie's  tight  hole  very  slowly.   Both Debbie and Julie were
moaning.   I could see Julie's hand moving inside her pants at  a
pretty  good  clip.   I knew she was going to come soon.   Debbie
moaned louder as I pumped harder and faster.   Soon  Debbie  came
with  a  flurry of arms and legs.   They were waving all over the
place.   I was only moments from coming so I kept right on  going
and the moment before I came,  I pulled out of Debbie,  jumped up
on Julie's lap and came right in  her  face.    That  caught  her
completely  be  surprised  and it was enough to send her over the
edge as she came also.
     Debbie,  as soon as she realized what I had done,  jumped up
and  started  to  lick my come off Julie's face and then gave her
one of the sloppiest kisses I've ever seen.   When that hot scene
was  over we all just started laughing.   I don't know why it was
just kind of funny.
     Debbie and I figured it was about  time  to  undress  Julie.
This  time  Debbie went for her pants and I pulled off her shirt.
I lifted it up to find no bra,  just her full tits.   Her nipples
were  rock hard and I couldn't resist the temptation to just take
a mouth full.  I looked down at Debbie to see her tongue flicking
back and forth between Julie's legs.  I pushed Julie back down in
the seat so that Debbie could have clear access to the flesh  she
wanted  so  bad.    I  massaged  and sucked on Julie's tits while
Debbie continued to eat her pussy.  It was a magnificent sight.
     Debbie stopped what she was  doing,  smiled,  looked  up  at
Julie and said, "you taste so good I could eat you forever."
     Julie replied,  "you can eat me anytime you want, as much as
you want."
     These words coming from two beautiful girl was enough to get
me hard again.   I was so excited that I reached down and started
to stroke myself to get a full hard-on.  It bothered Julie that I
was  doing  that  myself  so she reached down between my legs and
took over.  Her soft hands did a fine job at getting me hard.
     Debbie was very careful to ensure that Julie was getting the
most from her tongue.  She used her hands to massage Julie's soft
folds of flesh and to caress her still bare mound.
     By this time Julie was getting  worked  up  again.    I  was
massaging  her  chest  while Debbie continued to eat her out with
unparalleled skill.  I guess it takes a girl to know what another
girl really likes.   Julie's breathing got  heavier  and  heavier
until  I  could  hear her moaning under her breath.   She stopped
stroking my cock and began to  massage  her  pussy  right  around
Debbie's  tongue.   I kept right on going with hands and mouth on
Julie's chest.   She was so close to the  coming  that  her  body
started  to  tense.    I  think  Debbie  could  tell that because
immediately she buried her entire face  into  Julie's  pussy  and
applied  pressure  to  her  clit.   Julie came very shortly after
that.  You could see the spasms running through her body.  Debbie
didn't stop though, she kept right on licking at her.  Her orgasm
slowly subsided and she pulled Debbie up to her  feet  and  close
enough  so  they  could put their lips together for a very loving
and very wet kiss.
     After what seemed like an eternal kiss, Julie just collapsed
letting her arms fall to her side.  Debbie smiled as she stood up
looking at Julie's body and the affect that she had on her.  When
she realized that Julie just wanted to rest,  she turned  to  me,
took  me  by  the hand and said,  "now the two of us can be alone
again."
     Being with both Julie and  Debbie  was  super  exciting  but
there   was   something  really  special  about  having  Debbie's
undivided attention.   When we made love we weren't just fucking,
we  were,  as I said,  making love.   It was very special when we
were together alone.
     Debbie stepped out from between Julie's  legs  and  we  both
walked  across  the room to a large sliding glass door which lead
to Debbie's back yard.    The  sun  had  set  and  the  yard  was
surrounded  by tall bushes so I didn't feel like we were going to
be watched.  We walked to a large hammock swinging in the breeze.
Debbie laid down in it,  hung her legs over the sides  and  said,
"there  is  nothing  like making love under the stars with a warm
breeze blowing."
     I couldn't have agreed with her more.   I guided myself into
the hammock and laid down on top of her.   We embraced each other
for several minutes before I slid my cock into her.   We had both
come  not long before so we both knew that this was going to be a
long and beautiful experience.   I pumped for what seemed  to  be
thirty  minutes  or more.   We were rolling around in the hammock
each entwined with the other's arms and  legs.    We  had  to  be
careful  not  to  roll  out of the hammock but because our bodies
were just one large mass but we always slid back to the center of
the hammock.   During this entire event,  not a word  was  passed
between us.  This evening was beyond compare.
     I  could feel my orgasm building but it was still a long way
off.   Debbie was also showing signs that she was losing control.
I  began  to  hump  faster  and faster and Debbie began to breath
harder but still did not come.   I knew that this was going to be
one  hell  of  a  climax  when it finally came.   To add a little
change of pace,  I sat up pulling Debbie with me and landing  her
right  in  my  lap.    I  was still inside her but now she was in
control.   In this position,  her feet were  able  to  touch  the
ground  so  she  was capable of going up and down on me with ease
and that she did.   She jumped up and down taking my full  length
into  her at every stroke and landing hard so that her clit could
get the most stimulation.   She leaned forward as she bounced and
put  her  arms around me.   Our lips met as we breathed in unison
and in time with her strokes.
     I wanted to come but my body just  wasn't  ready.    It  was
savoring this experience for all it was worth.   Debbie seemed to
be doing the same.  We kept going up and down, in and out until I
felt like I was going to drop from exhaustion.   The night breeze
was  warm  but it was nothing to prevent us from sweating.   Soon
our entire bodies were covered with sweat  and  we  slid  against
each other very smoothly.
     The  night seemed almost endless but I knew that I was going
to come soon.   I could feel it building and spreading to all the
other  parts  of my body.   A few strokes before I was a to come,
Debbie dug her fingernails into my back,  threw her head back and
opened  her  mouth  wide  in  a  silent  scream  as she came to a
shuttering climax.   I came with enormous spasms and shot  stream
after stream of come deep inside her filling every chamber of her
body with my hot fluids.
     Debbie  kept going up and down but I could tell that she was
now almost completely out of energy and I didn't have enough left
to do anything else so I eased Debbie onto her back,  slid myself
out  from  inside  her into what now felt like a very cold breeze
and laid down next to her.   As I regained some of my  energy,  I
lifted my hand and placed it between her legs moving it up to her
wet  and  steaming pussy.   I slowly massaged her applying just a
little pressure.   She responded by placing her hand on  my  cock
and  balls and also slowly massaging me.   Unfortunately that was
all I could remember.  We both must have fallen asleep.
     We were both so exhausted that we did not awaken  until  the
next  morning.    I  was the first to arise noticing that we were
still in her backyard just as we were the night before  but  this
time  the  sun  was  just  above  the horizon and her yard was no
longer in the concealing dark that it had been.   I looked around
and  noticed that the bushes hide the yard well even in the light
so again I did not worry.  Debbie's hand was still wrapped around
my cock so I gently removed it and sat up.    I  looked  down  at
Debbie  and  she  had  a beautiful smile on her face and her body
looked even more wonderful in the daylight.   I could  see  every
last  little  detail,  every tiny little crease in her nipples to
the very short hairs between her legs.  I stared at her for a few
minutes taking all there was to see,  getting to  know  her  body
well by sight now instead of just by feel.
     I  tried  to  stand  up  gently so as not to wake her but my
effort was in vain.  She opened her eyes, looked at me and smiled
showing me all her pearly white teeth.  I leaned over to give her
a kiss and as I did she put her arms around me and pulled me down
to her.  We laid there just kissing for a few minutes.  It really
felt good being  outside  in  the  breeze  and  sunlight  with  a
beautiful, not to mention naked girl in my arms.
     After breaking our lips apart,  we looked at each other like
we wanted to do something  but  we  didn't  know  what.    Debbie
suggested  to  go  inside  to see if Julie was still where we had
left her the night before.   I helped her to her feet and then we
walked  hand  in  hand  inside  the house.   Julie seemed to have
disappeared.   She was not in the chair but what was in the chair
was  a  picture of Debbie and I outside in the hammock.   We were
both lying on our backs with my hand on her crotch  and  hers  on
mine.    Julie  must  have  taken the picture after we had fallen
asleep.   Debbie was a little surprised that she had taken it but
you have to admit, we sure did look good together.
     After  a  long,  exhausting,  and sweaty night we decided it
would be a good idea to take a bath.  The bathtub was enormous as
was the shower but it didn't really matter because Debbie  and  I
held each other tightly the entire time so we didn't take up much
room.  We spent a total of about two hours in the tub rubbing and
massaging   each  other's  body.     Most  of  my  massaging  was
concentrated between her legs and she spent a hell of a long time
making sure my cock was absolutely spotless by stroking it  until
I came.  Our lips rarely parted and a word rarely spoken.  All of
our actions were in our hands.
     After  getting out of the tub and drying each other off,  we
spent the entire morning just lounging  around  the  house  never
putting a stitch of clothing on.  I really didn't feel like going
home, I just wanted to stay with Debbie.  I really felt good when
I was around her.  She made me feel like a very important person.
She would hang all over me,  hugging me, kissing me, and stroking
my cock every now and then.
     By the time lunch time came  around,  we  were  both  really
hungry  but  not for food.   We looked each other in the eyes and
without saying a word decided that  it  was  time  to  make  love
again.    Debbie grabbed a blanket,  took my cock in her hand and
lead me outside into the backyard again.   Because  it  was  noon
time  the  sun  was high in the sky flooding the entire yard with
radiating sunlight.  Debbie spread out the blanket in what looked
like the exact center of the yard and said,  "let's make love out
here.   Don't worry;  no one can see us; it's just that I love to
be nude out in the sunlight.  I come out here to masturbate a lot
but I have never made love with anyone here before  and  I  can't
think of a better person to do it with."
     "I'll make love to you anytime and anyplace."
     Debbie  responded to my reply with a real big smile then she
laid down on the  blanket  and  spread  her  legs  giving  me  an
invitation  I  couldn't refuse.   I looked down at her sun soaked
body and instantly became hard thinking about  being  inside  her
once  again.   I knelt on the blanket and put my face between her
legs.   I darted my tongue in and out striking her clit  with  no
rhythm or timing.  Each time my tongue stimulated her, she wasn't
expecting  it  and each time it made her jump.   After just a few
times she couldn't stand it anymore so she pulled my  head  right
into  her  so that I would be applying pressure all the time.   I
licked and I sucked and she squirmed and she squealed and we  had
a wonderful time.   Before I got her off with my tongue, I pushed
my dick  inside  her  and  soon  we  got  off  together.    After
completing  what  we  had  started out to do I rolled off her and
laid next to her on my back holding her hand.
     We  stayed  there  for  the  remainder  of   the   afternoon
sunbathing.    I  had  never  done that in the nude before and it
really felt good.  Luckily the sun wasn't that strong so I didn't
burn.
     As the sun started going down,  Debbie and I went  into  the
house and began getting dressed.  Debbie really liked to watch me
dress  because first she handed me my clothes and she sat down on
a chair to watch.   After I was dressed then  I  helped  her  get
dressed.   I hated to see her beautiful body disappear underneath
her clothes but I knew that it was still there just  waiting  for
me to peel the clothes off again.
     From  that  time  on,  Debbie  and I saw quite a lot of each
other.  We made love as often as possible,  especially out in her
backyard  in  the sunlight.   Julie joined us every now and then.
It was a beautiful sight to see the three of us  making  love  in
Debbie's yard.  We knew it was because Julie brought over a video
tape  deck  and  camera  mounted  on  a  tripod and we filmed it.
Debbie saved the tape so that when Julie and/or I came over,  she
played the tape and then has one hell of a love making session.
     Nothing  is  more  special  than  just Debbie and I together
though.   We have been seeing each other  now  for  almost  three
years and are now engaged to be married.  I found a real job that
pays real money and Debbie is also working at a good job but when
we get home in the evening, that is when the real fun begins.  We
rarely  wear  any clothes in the house for the simple reason that
it is more comfortable and we love to look at each other's  body.
We  don't  make  love  as  often as we used too but when we do it
never seems to be any less that our first weeks together.
     All my fears and all the apprehensions that I had as  I  was
growing  up  suddenly  didn't  mean anything anymore.   I loved a
beautiful girl and she loved me and I no longer had  any  worries
about  who  would go out with me,  would I get rejected or any of
the other bullshit things that had plagued me  before.    It  all
goes  to  show  that  with a little patience and saying the right
thing at the right time or even just being in the right place  at
the  right  time,  everything  will  eventually  turn out for the
better.

                             The End
                           (or is it?)
--
