                      Bookstore Gangbang

Something happened to me last week that changed the way I look at my
wife sexually.  My wife, Karen is 30 years old, about 5'3", with
light brown hair and blue eyes.  She stands a firm 37-24-36 with a
really cute baby face.  She works as the local regional manager for a
national bookstore chain, so she usually dresses and acts in a fairly
conservative fashion.  Last Friday she had to fill in for one of her
managers who called in sick. Normally she works from 9-5, but
since she was filling in for a retail position, she had to close
the store.  The store is only 5 minutes away from our house, so when
she didn't arrive at home at 10:00 I became a little worried, because
the stripmall closed at 9:00.  I tried calling the store several
times, but the phone was always busy.  After calling the operator
I found out the phone was off the hook.  Well, upon hearing this I
became rather nervous & decided to stop by the store to see if
everything was alright.  I got my wife's spare set of keys to the
stores and jumped into my car.  When I got to the mall the parking
lot was pretty empty except for my wife's car and two others.  I looked
through the front window, but most of the lights were off except for
the ones in the rear office.  I checked the doors but they were
locked so I started fumbling with Karen's keys.  Fortunately, she
only managed three stores, so it didn't take long to get in.  When I
got inside I heard some muffled sounds coming from the back. 
Curious, I tiptoed back and was just about to walk into the office
when I got the biggest surprise of my life!

There was my wife, lying across the desk spreadeagle with her skirt
bunched around her waist, pantyhose on the floor, and blouse opened
down to her naval.  Papers were scattered all over the floor along
with the phone.  At the same time a young blond haired punk, no older
than 16 or 17, was on his knees orally ravaging her gaping cunt.
While he was doing a number on my wife's pussy a totally naked teenage
boy was shoving his cock into Karen 's mouth.  My first reaction was
to pull these two punks off her and beat the crap out of them, but I
soon realized that my wife wasn't a victim but an active participant.
As  I stood there watching in shock, my breathing grew heavy and my
cock was becoming hard as a rock.  Damn, I was actually enjoying seeing
my wife servicing these two teenage boys.  Not wanting to be seen, I
stepped back into the darkness as I watched the blond haired kid took
his Levis & briefs off and slid his prick into my wife's dripping hole.
As he slid in and out of her slippery snatch, I heard the familiar
sounds of approaching orgasm cumming my wife's lips.  The brown haired
boy who was feeding Karen his cock climbed onto the desk and began to
fuck Karen's mouth in unison with the dick pounding her cunt.

Remembering that I had forgotten to lock the front door, I quietly
snuck up to lock it in - just in case.  When I got back, the boy
plowing my wife cunt was straining to keep pace with her bucking hips.
From the sight of his quick short thrusts, I knew he couldn't last much
longer.  With one final lunge he shoved all the way into Karen's love
tunnel and released his youthful load as his body shook with pleasure.
His hot young cum brought my wife over, and she started to convulse in
orgasm.  Her breast were heaving and she was writhing and moaning in
ecstasy.  Dark hair's cock fell out of her mouth and Blondi remained
in the same position with his cock buried deep in my wife's cunt,
savoring the post orgasmic tremors as my wife's cunt milked him dry. 
The dark haired boy got off the desk and nudged blondi aside as he
prepared to pump my wife.  As blondi pulled his softening meat out of
my wife's pussy a thick glob of white cum oozed out of  it.  They
stepped back for a second to admire my her cum filled twat.  It was
such a turn on to see her wide open pink cunt glistening from a
mixture of her juices and sperm.  I silently wished that I had my
video camera with me.  The two kids then helped Karen off the desk
and onto the carpeted floor. As they did this, the dark haired kid
helped her remove her skirt and blouse. They flipped my wife over
onto her tummy.  With her ass arched slightly and pussy wide open,
dark haired positioned himself for easy access.  I then noticed
blondi was hard AGAIN!.  Ahha, to be young and full of spunk...  He
was hard again in less than 5 minutes!  The horny fucker crawled up
front and laid himself down and had my wife lick his rod clean of
their previous encounter.  The kid behind Karen thrusted his cock
into my wife's snatch in one quick motion - causing her to gasp.  I
guess she wanted to finish her oral duties quickly and concentrate on
her own pleasure, because started to deep throat blondi and used her
throat muscles to milk his cock.  In less than two minutes blondi was
shuddering in orgasm, unloading his cream down her throat.  She
swallowed EVERY drop.  Not a bit of spunk was left on his cock as he
withdrew from her mouth.   Exhausted, the blond kid got up and
collapsed onto one of the office chairs behind them and  took on the
role of a spectator.  After a few minutes of pumping Karen, Darkie,
being a "head" man, stopped ramming his tool, dismounted and
proceeded to get the same excellent blowjob that blondi just had.  Up
until this point I was content being a voyeur, however, my straining
hard-on was getting really uncomfortable.   I pondered for a moment
and decided to join the fun.  With Karen still sucking on dark hair's
tool with abandon, I quietly stripped and got behind her luscious
ass.  The boys frozed when they saw me.  Without saying anything I
motioned for them to keep quiet and pointed to my wedding band and
back to the wife.  Needless to say they got the picture but were
still in shock.  I think they finally realized that I all I wanted
was a piece of my wife's well used ass.  As Karen continued to orally
service her young stud, I began probing her drenched pussy with my
fingers.  She was so wet that I had no problem getting three fingers
in her hole.  I continued to tease her until she started begging to
be fucked.  All this time she had her backside to me so she thought
it was blondi doing her. I adjusted her ass for a perfect
trajectory and mounted her doggy style.  This brought squeals of
pleasure from her well stuffed mouth and gave her all the more
incentive to get the cock in her mouth off.  Her hard work quickly
paid off as the dark haired kid tensed up and started pumping a huge
load into her mouth.  Karen swallowed what she could but a lot of it
spilled out over her lips and chin.  Being true to form she licked
the boy clean.  All his time I was using long slow strokes on her
cunt to savor the extra smooth feeling of sloppy seconds.  Every time
I stroked, our privates made these obscene noises that spurred me on. 
I increased my tempo which caused my lovely piece of ass to mew with
pleasure.  She turned her head slightly and opened her eyes.  Then
our eyes met.  She was briefly startled, but suddenly she started
cumming and contracting around my cock.  All the while staring me
right in the eye and making lewd facial gestures.  I couldn't hold
back any longer and began ramming furiously at her hot little hole. 
My body tensed and all I was for that moment in time was one big
fucken cock plowing into my wife's well lubed pussy.  I felt my pent
up load building and suddenly I was having one of the best orgasms of
my life.  It seemed like I was squirting gallons of cum into her
beautiful pussy which just kept on milking me for more cum.  I came
so hard that I literally saw stars.  As I came to my senses, I saw
that Karen was still staring at me with lust in her eyes and grinning
from ear to ear.  I was still buried in her and she was using her
vaginal muscles to suck on my shriveling cock.

After everyone finally caught their breath, my wife introduced the
blond as Kyle & the other as Pete, a couple of part-timer's for the
store.  Needless to say they already knew who I was.  Embarrassed,
they quickly mumbled their hellos, got dressed and said their
goodnites.  After they left, my wife who was still completely naked,
told me what had happened.  It seems that, after the store had
closed, they were doing the usual vacuuming and straighten up. She
was replacing some books on the top shelf when she lost balance on
the step ladder.  Luckily Kyle was nearby and caught her, but in the
process of doing so, he accidentally bunched her skirt up to her
waist.  Since all she had on underneath were sheer pantyhose, almost
everything was exposed.  She continued to tell me that Kyle frozed
for a moment and all of a sudden began to caress her thighs & mound
which had her quivering with pleasure.  Soon he had his hands all
over her body, fondling her tits and probing all her nooks and
crannies. The other boy, Pete, happened in on them and quickly joined
in.  She said that after 5 - 10 minutes of some hot & heavy petting &
kissing in the isles, the boys carried her into the back office, set
her on the desk and proceeded to ravage her body, and I knew the
rest. Upon hearing this I got hard again.  Karen and I had another
quickie in the office before we straighten up the place & left.  This
time I lasted a bit longer and really enjoyed her sloppy pussy.  That
was a week ago, Karen and I have been going at it like newlyweds
since.  It really has spiced up our 10 year marriage.  She and I have
even been planning for a next group session...I can't wait!
     
