Afternoon in the Booth

by
Mary Nolan


    It all began innocently enough.  My husband, Jack, and I were driving home 
from a party.  We both had drunk enough that we were feeling relaxed.  Though 
not exactly newlyweds, we still get frisky and I was feeling warm this night.  
    
    As we drove on the interstate home, I leaned against Jack and said that I 
couldn't wait to get home.  "What are you going to do first?" he asked.  I 
allowed how I was looking forward to getting out of these clothes.  "Why 
wait?' he asked as though it was the most natural thing in the world.  Though 
I had never done anything outside the house before, I decided to play his 
little game.  I reached down and unbuttoned my blouse.  Jack's eye were having 
a hard time sticking to the road.  I pulled my blouse out of my skirt and 
removed.  I leaned against Jack and could tell from his bulge that he was 
having fun.  The funny thing was that I was enjoying this little game too.  
Jack asked, "You're not done yet are you?"  A challenge like that couldn't 
go unanswered.  I reached behind my back and unfastened my bra.  I lowered 
it to my lap.  Jack's eye nearly bugged out when he looked over and saw my 
naked breasts in the passing cars headlight.  I leaned against him and he 
put his hand around me and grab my right breast and started playing.  By the 
time we arrived home, we were both so excited that we didn't even make it out 
of the garage.

    That was our first experience with exhibition.  Over the next few months, 
we experimented with it a few times.  Jack talked me into flashing truckers my 
tits a couple of times.  At home, Jack bought a Polaroid camera and made me 
his star model.  I didn't mind to much (if the truth be told, I usually 
enjoyed and I always enjoyed the lovemaking after a session) as long as he 
promised to keep the pictures private and we didn't do anything to near to 
home.  I didn't want one of our little games coming home to haunt us.  I 
would indulge him by wearing sexy clothes out but only if we were out of 
town.  Jack really enjoyed other men looking at me on these trips.

    One day, he came home from a business trip and he was more intense then 
usually.  He told me he had found a little adult book store just off the main 
interchange.  He said they had peep show movies and books(he had a package 
with some "swinger's magazines" and one with amateur pictures.  He  also told 
me they had a stripper booth.  We read the magazines and Jack tried to talk me 
into trading pictures with some couples in the magazines.  I was unwilling and 
said that as long as it was safe (like at home or out of town), I didn't mind 
playing games but to send pictures to unknown people was too much (not to 
mention meet them later on).  Jack pouted for a couple days but by the 
weekend, he seemed ready to forget the whole thing.

    He suggested a ride out of town.  I knew what he wanted and figured since 
I had rained on his parade earlier, that I would try to make it up to him this 
weekend.  I put on a pair of shorts and a halter with nothing on underneath.  
Once we were out on the road, I started teasing Jack but dropping and then 
retying the halter.  He was getting an eyeful and I even let a trucker get a 
good view too.  Jack pulled off at an exit and then pulled into a parking lot.  
He had driven us up to the adult book store that he had visited on his trip.  
I really didn't want to go in as I figured it would be the raincoat crowd and 
figured I would be conspicuous as the only female there.  Jack pleaded and I 
relented.

    We entered through the double doors into a room that was poorly lit and 
had racks with magazine all over them.  An overweight guy leaned from behind 
the counter looked down from the TV at us as we entered, then returned to his 
show.  Another guy scurried down a hallway into a booth to watch a peep show.  
A girl sat on a bar stool near the counter watching the TV also.  She was 
dressed in a robe and had light brown hair.  Jack said that he wanted us to 
watch the stripper together.  We went to the booth and the girl got off the 
stool and started to go for the back entrance.  We closed and locked the door 
to the booth and Jack pulled out a roll of quarters.  Just like Jack to always 
be prepared.  The booth was dark with a board that ran the width of the booth 
at the back that served as a seat.  By the machine that quarters were put in 
was a roll of toilet paper.  It was dingy and sort of forbidden.  A large 
window with a curtain was opposite the seat and would serve as the stage.  A 
slot with a sign that said "Tips" was near the window.  Jack dropped some 
quarters in the machine and a light came on behind the curtain.  The girl we 
had seen as we entered pulled the curtain away and was dressed in a teddy.  
The robe was in a pile on a seat in the back next to a tape player.  She 
picked up a phone and pointed to the phone near the tip slot. Jack picked it 
up and held it between us so that we could both hear.  She said that here name 
was Carol.  She said that the quarters paid for the lights (3 minutes for a 
quarters) but that the dancers worked for tips.  She said that it cost $10.00 
for her to dance topless, $20.00 to dance totally nude, $25.00 for spreads, or 
$35.00 for the deluxe package with insertion.  She said that as there was two 
of us, she would want extra.  Jack pulled out a fifty and asked for the 
complete show.  She hung up the phone as Jack put the money in the slot and 
turned on the tape player.  Music with a strong beat came on and she started 
swaying here hips to the music.  She reached in front and undid some buttons 
on the front.  She turned around and shook her behind at us and reached for 
the straps on the teddy.  Jack sat on the bench and pulled me down on his lap.  
I could tell he was enjoying the show and I was beginning to get excited.  
Carol, with her back to the window, lowered the teddy and stepped out of it.  
She was wearing a G-string and the string was up in her crack.  She turned 
around and put her hands under her breasts to offer them to us.  She came up 
to the window and rubbed them against the glass.  They began to become erect.  
She had dark brown nipples that were quick large on what I would guess would 
be a 34B chest.  Jack reached around and start fondling my breasts and the 
untied the halter top and lowered it.  At first, I started to object (I'd 
flashed men before but never women), but Carol gave me a friendly wink so I 
decided to enjoy.  As Carol tweaked and pulled on her nipples, Jack mimicked 
her actions on me.  Carol turned her back to us again and pointed her behind 
at us.  She reached to her hips and rolled the G-string down and stepped out 
of it.  She kept her behind pointed at us swaying to the music.  The she 
grabbed each cheek and pulled them apart.  She turn around and did a bump and 
grind with her hips.  She had a dark bush a the top of her V.  As she  moved 
her hips, I could see that her actual pussy was shaved clean.  Jack reached 
down my waist and opened the waist on my shorts.  He reached in to find my 
steaming pot.  One of his hands  stayed on my right beast while the other sank 
into my hole.  Carol started spreading here pussy lips and Jack continued to 
finger me.  I lifted my hips and Jack lowered my shorts and I kicked them off.  
He didn't allow me to resume sitting in his lap until he had a chance to lower 
his pants and shorts to his ankles.  I sat back down and he held his dick 
between my thighs.  Carol gave us a smile and reached back to chair with here 
robe on it.  She pulled out a vibrator and a dildo and walked back to the 
front of the booth.  She dropped her toys and sat down next to the window.  
She laid down on her back and put her butt right up to the window with her 
legs straight up in the air against the glass.  Jack continued to stroke his 
coke between my thighs without inserting it.  Carol picked up the vibrator and 
put it in her mouth like she was sucking it.  Then she pulled it out slowly 
and reached down and put it in her box.  Jack matched her by inserting his 
swollen head into my hot box.  Carol squirmed and stroked the vibrator in and 
out of her box.  She looked like she was having a great time (I wasn't doing 
to bad myself).  She clearly was excited and juices were running down her 
thigh.  She eventually pulled out the vibrator and set it aside.  She picked 
up the dildo, an extremely large model, and sucked on that too.  I noticed she 
didn't get put it in very far as it was at least 15 inches long and about 6 
inches in diameter.  She then placed that at the entrance to her pussy and rub 
it around to get her juices on it.  I looked up at Jack and he had this starry 
eyed stare.  He was feeling larger than usual and was stroking his dick slowly 
in and out.  Carol had finally inserted the full length of the dildo in and 
was sliding it in and out of her pussy.  She reached behind her and pulled a 
pillow out.  She placed it under her rear and hiked her pussy even higher in 
the air.  She then reached back and picked up the vibrator.  She put it at the 
entrance of her ass hole.  She then slowly inserted it up.  I could hardly 
believe my eyes.  I had heard of anal sex but always thought that it was 
probably painful.  Carol did not look like she was in much pain though as she 
worked both the vibrator with one hand and the dildo with the other.  Jack 
reached under me and put his ring finger up my anus.  I thought I would be 
upset but I was too busy exploding.  Carol was getting frantic with the dildo.  
She inserted the vibrator up her ass and was now using both hands on the 
dildo.  It was becoming a blur and I could tell she had completely forgotten 
about her audience.  Jack pushed me over onto the floor (never removing his 
dick) on my hands and knees and started pumping furiously into me.  My face 
was inches away from Carol's gyrating hips and I saw her juices exploding 
around the huge dildo.  I could feel the stick y floor on my hands and knees 
but was too far gone myself to care.  Carol suddenly stopped and was still for 
a minute.  She opened her eyes and I think it was the first she realized where 
we ended up.  She picked up the phone and signalled to Jack to do the same.  
He was getting close to the point of no return but still managed to reach for 
the phone.  She said something and Jack shook his head yes and dropped the 
phone.  He pushed extra deep and I knew he  was about to shoot.  Suddenly, 
he pulled put and started shooting all over my backside.  Carol, still sitting 
there with the dildo and vibrator inserted, watched intently as he shot all 
over my back.  We had never done that before but in the dingy booth, it 
somehow seemed right to make the act so depraved.  We all just stayed still 
for a minute and breathed heavy as we slowly returned back to earth.  Carol 
again signaled to the pick up the phone and Jack reached over and picked up.  
He leaned forward over by back and put it between us again.  Carol said that 
usually her customers came first, not her and that she had enjoyed the show.  
Jack replaced the phone and stood up and pulled me up.  I grabbed my clothes 
as he pulled me up.  Jack pulled his shorts and pants back up and took some 
toilet paper and started cleaning up my back.  I realized what a mess I must 
look, all sweaty and slimy.  I put my shorts back on and retied the halter.  
It was obviously stained from the floor.  Carol had also gotten up   put on 
her teddy again and was putting her robe back on.  Jack put another twenty in 
the tip slot and gave her a thumbs up which she smiled at.  I sat down on the 
bench as the lights went out in Carol's part of the booth.  Jack came and sat 
beside me as I tried to regain my strength to stand.  He asked me what I 
thought about the show and I gave him a smile and asked what he thought I 
thought.  As we exited the booth, Carol was already sitting on her stool.  She 
looked about and shared a secret smile with us.  The fat man behind the 
counter gave a double take when he saw me with my stained halter and sweaty 
face.  Jack took me over to the counter and pointed to a dildo similar to the 
one Carol had used.  He asked if I wanted one like it and I turned beet red 
but shook my head up and down.  Jack bought while I avoided the eye of the fat 
man as he pulled it of the case and wrapped it.  Carol caught my eye and gave 
a little laugh and a lewd wink.  I exited as quickly as possible after Jack 
was done but drew a couple more stares from customers in the peep show 
hallway.

    Once we were in the car, Jack pulled me close and kissed me hard.  He said 
that I was the most incredible women in the world.  He drove down the street 
and pulled into a motel.  He checked in while I waited in the car (I still 
looked like a hooker who had just escaped an orgy).  The desk clerk didn't 
even wonder why we didn't have any luggage.  Once in the room, Jack turned 
the air conditioning up while I headed to the bathroom.  I took the halter 
off and cleaned it as best I could in the sink.  I hung it on the towel rack 
and turned the shower up  extra hot.  It felt so good to climb under the warm 
jets.  I toweled off and joined Jack back in the room.  He quickly pulled the 
towel from me and pulled me to the bed.  We made slow and passionate love and 
then fell asleep in each others arms.
    We awoke latter in the evening hungry.  Jack called the local pizza 
delivery (my clothes still hadn't dried and I didn't really want to get 
dressed anyways).  When the delivery boy arrived, I got up to go  into the 
bathroom so Jack could get the door.  Jack asked me why bother?  So I reclined 
back on the bed while Jack went and opened the door.  The boy was about 16 and 
pimply faced.  He nearly dropped the pizza when he saw me.  He just stared as 
Jack paid him.  I don't think he even counted the money.  Jack and both 
laughed as he closed the door in his face and returned to bed with the pizza 
and sodas.
    He fed me a piece while I fed him a piece.  Some cheese fell of and landed 
on my left breast.  Jack dove in after him.  Then it was my turn.  I wrapped a 
piece around his dick then licked up the mess.  He put some pepperoni into my 
pussy and then ate them out.  I couldn't believe we were going at it again for 
the third time in the same day!  It ended up with Jack on his back and me 
between his thighs sucking his dick.  I said that I wanted my dessert and 
licked and sucked his beautiful tool.  He finally shot off in my mouth and I 
did my best to swallow him.  Truth was, after his day's activities, he didn't 
have much pressure left.  When he finished, he said that he was too tired to 
do anything for me.  He said not to worry though, as he had a solution.  He 
got up and got the package from the book store.  He pulled out the box with 
the huge dildo in it.  I had some reservations about using it.  I had never 
masturbated all that much before I had married Jack (and almost never since 
then) and when I had it had always been a very private thing.  The fact was I 
was a little embarrassed to allow Jack see me that way when he wasn't in the 
throws of passion himself.  Also, the dildo was bigger than anything I had 
every put in there before and I was worried that it wouldn't fit or it might 
hurt.  Jack handed me the rubber cock and I set it down and told him I didn't 
want to use it in front of him.  He talked to me and told me that he wouldn't 
force me but it had always been a fantasy of his to see masturbate.  I told 
him I didn't think I could fit it in and he said that he would just enjoy 
watching, and that I didn't have to use the thing at all if I didn't want to.  
I decided to go ahead and so I spread my legs and reached down to my pussy.  
My juices were already flowing from when he had tongued my pussy earlier.  I 
slid my hand over then mound and slipped one finger in my slit.  I looked up 
at Jack as he sat down on a chair at the end of the bed.  I stroked the finger 
in and out and was starting to build up that warm feeling.  A second finger 
joined the first and the pace picked up a little.  I close my eyes 
instinctively and tuned out the world except for my burning sensation.  After 
about five minutes I had reached a few highs and started to build up to a nice 
burst.  After the burst, I looked up to Jack.  He had another hard on and was 
staring intently at the two fingers now slowly stroking in and out of my 
pussy.  I removed the fingers and reached over and grabbed the dildo.  Jack 
gave me a big smile and reached down and began stroking his cock.  I had never 
seen him masturbate before either.  I only watched a couple of strokes because 
I had decided I wanted to try out our new toy.  I slid the tip against my slit 
trying to cover the huge thing with my juices.  I didn't even attempt to put 
it in my mouth as Carol had done due to its large size (and who likes the 
taste of plastic?).  It took both hands to hold the big thing as I slid the 
head into my slit.  I started to get the first couple of inches in.  It seemed 
even wider than it was long.  I got about the six inches in when I had to stop 
for a minute.  I felt very full.  I tried stroking it in and out but it was 
tough going.  After a half dozen strokes though, it started sliding much 
easier.  I was able to get another three inches in!  I felt like it was going 
to come out my ass hole and I still had another six inches available!  I 
looked up and could see Jack was enjoying the show.  I stoked a little harder 
and closed my eyes as the little thrills grew bigger and bigger.  I was 
reaching deeper than ever before.  After I came, I opened my eyes to discover 
I had two inches remaining on the plastic dildo.  I had gotten a whole 
thirteen inches of it in.  Jack came over to me with lust in his eyes and 
told me that he was going to fuck me like had never fucked me before.  He had 
another huge hard on striking out before him.  He reached down and removed the 
dildo from my hot slit.  It made a quiet little pop when he finally got it out 
and I felt so empty.  He quickly replaced the plastic imitation with the real 
thing.  It felt a little small in comparison to the huge toy.  Jack's cock is 
about seven and half inches long and four inches in diameter.  But it 
certainly felt nice in there.  After all the action we had today, Jack was 
certainly in no hurry.  He stroked long and hard and I built up to a couple of 
nice orgasm.  He asked me how I had liked it in the booth today.  I said that 
it had been great.  He pulled out and rolled me over on my belly.  He then 
reentered  me from behind.  He started pumping again as I lifted my hips by 
resting on my knees.  He leaned over me hard and nuzzled my ear which was on 
the pillow.  A hand reached under and started fondling a breast.  Then a 
finger from his other hand enter my ass hole.  I tensed up but then relaxed 
as I adjusted to the new sensation.  He picked up his tempo and whispered 
hoarsely in my ear that he was going to come all over my ass again.  The pace 
picked up and I reached another big series.  Suddenly, he pulled out and 
started shooting all over my backside.  He aimed it at my ass hole (he had 
removed the finger to hold onto both hips when the pace had picked up).  After 
he stopped shooting, he ran his dick through the come on my ass and did gentle 
circles with it.  He  even slid the tip of his dick against my ass hole but 
didn't try to insert it.  I collapsed flat on th bed and followed suit coming 
to my side.  We stared into each other eyes, both too tired or drained to 
talk.  He hugged me close and I fell asleep on his chest.

    I awoke the next morning with my head still resting on his chest.  I 
listened to his even breathing as he slept and thought how happy I was.  
Eventually, I rose and showered.  The halter had dried, so I dressed again 
and reentered the room.  Jack was up and talking on the phone.  He hung up 
just as I entered the room.  I was surprised as I knew we didn't know anyone 
in this area and couldn't imagine who he would be calling.  He passed it off 
as a surprise that I could find out about latter and he head off to the shower.  
After he came out, we drove to a local McDonald's and had some breakfast.  I 
felt a little self conscious sitting in the restaurant in my outfit (why does 
McDonald's have to air condition their stores so much).  Jack asked me how I 
had enjoyed the previous days activities.  I told him how satisfied I felt.  
He asked if I wanted to try some more "stuff" before we headed back to the 
real world.  At that point, I felt game for most anything.
   
    As we drove, Jack explained that he had arranged for me to have a turn as 
a dancer in the booth at the book store we had visited.  I looked at him like 
I couldn't believe what he was saying.  He said that he wanted me to try it if 
I thought I might enjoy it.  I thought about how much I had enjoyed watching 
the show and how much I had enjoyed the show I had done for Jack the night 
before.  I decided to give it a try.
    When we pulled into the book store's parking lot, I could already feel the 
excitement and nervousness of the adventure I was about to try.  We entered 
the book room.  This time an older man with a cigar and glasses was behind the 
counter.  Carol was there again sitting on the stool and gave us a look like 
the cat that swallowed the bird.  Jack went up and introduced us to Bill, the 
manager.  He said that he would give me a try but that I would have to pass 
his standards before he could allow to entertain his customers.  I felt a 
flash of fear as I was not about to have sex with another man.  He said that 
it was pretty slow this early in the morning and it would be a good chance to 
try a new person.  He said that he usually didn't let amateurs in as they 
didn't do as good of job and sometimes had stage fright.  He asked me what 
made me think I could strip naked in front of a man and perform so as to 
excite him.  I knew this was some kind of test and knew how I answered would 
determine whether I would get to act out this fantasy.  In answer, I reached 
behind my back and untied the halter.  It fell of my breasts and I stood 
topless in the room.  A man peeked around the corner from the peep show and 
did a double take.  Carol said "I told you she had a nice body".  Bill looked 
at my chest and said "nice".  I wanted to pull the halter back up but resisted 
the impulse.  Bill reached a decision.  "Okay, you go into the booth with 
Carol for awhile.  She'll show you the ropes and then I will be your first 
customer.  If I like what I see, I 'll let you work the rest of the morning."  
He turned to Jack, "You understand that you can't be in the booth with her 
and all her tips have to go to Carol?"  Jack shook his head yes and Carol led 
me to the back entrance of the booth.  We entered and she cleared the seat (of 
the vibrator and dildo) and sat down.  Apparently, the light could also be 
turned on and off with a switch as she turned on the overhead lights.  Carol 
said, "So you enjoyed my show yesterday?  Well its not always like that.  Most 
of the time, its just an ugly guy who jerks off to you dancing.  Usually, I 
don't even get off.  The rates are on the card by the slot, just like I told 
you yesterday.  Never do anything until they have put the tip through the 
slot.  They will rip you off every time if you let them.  If they don't want 
to tip, all you do is dance while the light is on.  We usually try to look 
bored and uninterested to scare the cheap ones off.  Once they tip though, 
try to look interested though I don't think that will be a problem for you!  
Did you try out your toy last night?"  I shook my head up and down (wondering 
what I had gotten myself into).  Carol said, "Not all the girls do what I do 
with the vibrator in the ass.  But, they only charge $30.00 for the deluxe 
treatment then.  Now the only other thing you need to know is the timer.  This 
dial tells you how much time is left before their quarters run out.  Tell them 
to put in their money before you start instead of feeding it as you go along.  
That way you can estimate the time and try to fit everything in.  Some of the 
guys will get off a couple times while your doing it, others won't even pull 
it out but just sit here and stare at you.  Now are you sure you want to do 
this?"  I said yes and got up and headed to the door.  As she left she said, 
"Just leave the light on.  I'll send Bill into the other side.  Don't worry, 
no one can get through that window.  Don't expect Bill to tip you but you do 
need to go through the motion of quoting him the rates.  Have fun!".
    I locked the door after Carol left and went and opened the curtain.  After 
a couple minutes, Bill entered the customer section.  I picked up the phone 
and mimicked for him to do the same.  His voice came through the receiver, 
"Okay, are you ready?"  I answered, "Yes, now the quarters are just for the 
light honey (I did my best to drawl like a southern belle, if you are going to 
live out a fantasy, you might as well have fun).  The real show will cost you 
extra.  I accept "tips".  For ten dollars I'll dance topless, twenty will get 
you total nudity, twenty five and I spread it all, and for thirty bucks you 
can see insertion."  Bill responded, "That was good.  Okay, now give me your 
best show.  Make that hubby proud".  He hung up the phone and sat down on the 
bench.  I stepped back to the chair and fiddled with the music.  It came on 
loud and I turned it down.  I tried to catch on the beat and starting shaking 
my hips.  I turned around and danced up to the glass.  Bill was staring at me, 
trying to look me straight in the eye.  I tried to avoid eye contact and 
continued to dance.  I spun around and looked over first one shoulder, then 
the other at Bill.  I was beginning to get in to this role.  I reached back 
and untied the top of the halter and let it fall.  All he could see though  
was my back.  I reached and untied the lower half.  I held the halter in front 
of me and turned around to face Bill.  I slowly lowered the halter and then 
pressed my tits against the glass.  I leaned back and fondled them and pulled 
on the nipples.  They had already been hard before I had started (in fact, 
they felt like they had been hard for the last thirty  six hours!).  I stepped 
back from the glass and turned my back on him again.  I reached in front and 
undid my shorts.  I slid them slowly down my legs, bending over to give Bill a 
good shot.  I steeped out of them and turned around again to face him.  I 
swayed to the music as I danced to the window once again.  My hot spot was 
already quite juicy and I slid my hands through the hair above my slit (its a 
light brown and tends to grow sparse, I'm a dirty blond on top) covering it 
from Bill's view.  I looked up and saw that he was staring directly at my 
hands over the slit.  He had pulled his cock out of his pants and was stroking 
it.  It was short and stubby.  I kept stroking through the hair and reached 
down and pulled the lips apart.  It seemed so unreal, standing in that booth 
naked with my pussy spread wide open for another man, but I had enter a role 
and had become a stripper who did this for money and enjoyment (and it must of 
been obvious to Bill that I was enjoying it).  I decided it was time to move 
on.  I went back to the chair and grabbed the pillow and threw it to the front 
window.  I picked up the dildo and vibrator and returned to the front of the 
booth.  I turned the vibrator on and found out the batteries were dead (Carol 
later told me that she didn't replace the batteries often as they tended to 
wear here out when the vibrator worked).  I scooted my rear onto the pillow 
and laid back on the cheap carpet in the booth.  I placed the vibrator on my 
slit and slid it back and forth, finally letting it slip into my hole.  I 
looked up to see that bill had stood up, cock in hand, and his face was now 
pressed against the glass watching the vibrator slide in and out.  I closed 
my eyes and start to get into a rhythm.  After about five minutes of the 
vibrator, I decided to change to the large dildo.  I looked into Bill's eyes 
(they were glazed with lust) as I pulled the vibrator out and lined the giant 
plastic cock up with my pussy.  I realized I had his complete attention!  My 
juices were really flowing and the dildo was easier to insert than it had the 
previous night.  I got the first ten inches in before I started meeting 
resistance.  Soon, almost the entire length was going in and out.  I looked 
up and saw that Bill's face was turning red.  I hoped that he wouldn't die on 
me.  Suddenly, he became still.  Then he started squirting on the glass.  It 
hit the glass in globs and started to streak down the glass.  When he was done 
he reached for the toilet paper and cleaned himself and the glass up.  Then he 
picked up the phone.  I pushed the dildo in and remove one hand and reached 
for the phone.  He said, "That was pretty good.  Only, we are here for the 
customer so when he is done, you are done.  Don't sit there beating off after 
he has finished as he might feel offended.  You can do that after he leaves if 
you need to.  Also, you'll have to work on your pace a bit.  It needs to go a 
little quicker or else we won't be able to get many guys through here.  Now 
get dressed and you can come out and wait for your first customer.  Oh, don't 
forget the to cut off the light, we don't want to give away any free time."  
He had just come and all he could do was critique me?  I removed the dildo 
from pussy and stood and dressed.  I returned the toys and pillow to chair.  
I closed the curtain and headed for the door.

    As I was getting ready to leave, I heard someone open the door to the 
customer section.  It was show time for real.  Would a man pay to see me strut 
my stuff?  I started to pull back the curtain as the lights came on overhead.  
I heard the coins rattling as the entered the box and looked out to see who 
was there.  It was Jack of course.  It was feeding a whole roll of quarters 
into the machine.  I decided that since this was his game, I would have a 
little fun.  I picked up the phone and Jack reached for his.  Jack voice came 
through, "Boy, this is getting expensive (as he continued to put the quarters 
in the machine).  First I have to pay off Bill, then I have to guarantee Carol 
at least $500.00  in tips, you had better work your tale off."  I responded, 
"Allright buddy, it will cost you ten bucks for topless, twenty for nude, 
twenty five for spreads, and fifty (I adlibed) for thew deluxe show. Now what 
will it be?"  Jack chuckled realizing that I was playing my role for his 
benefit (as well as my own).  Jack slid fifty dollars through the slot and I 
put it on the chair and went into my act.  I repeated pretty much the same 
show that I had given Bill but I saved a little surprise for Jack.  I decided 
that I was going to give him an extra thrill.  I stripped and proceeded to use 
the vibrator.  Then I switched over to the dildo.  I got most of it in again.  
I guess I was getting used to it.  Then I rolled over on my belly and pressed 
my backside against the glass.  Jack could see the huge dildo sticking out of 
my pussy from behind.  He had dropped his pants and was stroking his cock.  I 
reached for the vibrator at my side.  I pushed against my anal opening.  I had 
never tried anything like that before but after yesterdays anal probing by 
Jack, I thought I could handle.  Luckily, the vibrator was still slick with my 
juices.  I worked the first couple of inches in.  It was a strange sensation.  
I worked on relaxing and got a couple of more inches in.  I felt immensely 
filled with both holes filled.  I stroked the vibrator in slowly and reached 
to the dildo in the front.  I was able to work both toys in and out.  I was 
completely oblivious to the world.  I was having some many sensations I nearly 
passed out.  When I stopped, I looked up to see that Jack had already shot all 
over the window.  He had a glazed satisfied look on his face.  I pulled both 
tools out and shakily got to my feet.  Jack picked up the phone and I followed 
suit.  Jack said, "Wow!  That was unbelievable.  Did you enjoy it as much as I 
did?"  "oh yes!" I replied.  He asked if I still wanted to go through with it.  
I told that I did.  I also asked if he could pick up some batteries for the 
vibrator.  We both cleaned up and got dressed.  I exited the booth and join 
Carol and Bill at the counter.  Jack came out and kissed me goodbye before 
heading out to "do some shopping".  The three of us passed the time.  A middle 
aged bald man came in and looked around at some magazines.  He got some change 
from Bill and went to view some peep movies.  He had stared at both Carol and 
I.  A couple of more men came in and went into the peeps or bought some 
magazines.  The bald headed man came out of the peeps and got some more 
change.  He walked over to the dancer's booth and entered.  Carol said, 
"You're on."
    I entered the booth and locked it.  I went up and opened the curtain.  The 
bald man was sitting on the bench and had a stack of quarters next to the 
machine.  I picked up the phone and explained the rules.  He tipped me $25.00 
and started putting quarters into the machine.  I put the money on the chair 
and started the dance.  Soon, i had taken the halter off and was playing with 
my tits.  He had removed his dick from his pants.  For a bald middle age man, 
he was pretty well hung.  He stroked it as I dropped my shorts.  I spread my 
pussy lips and rubbed it against the glass.  I turned around and spread my ass 
cheeks so he could see me from behind.  I was getting hot again but knew that 
I would have to wait till later since he hadn't paid for insertion.  He came 
quickly and left the booth without bothering to clean up the his mess.  I 
closed the curtain and redressed.  Bill made me go in the customer section and 
clean up the mess (all part of the job he said).  Jack had gotten back by then 
and gave me the batteries.  He was excited to hear that I had "earned" my 
first real tip.  Business had started to pick up and I quickly had to return 
to the booth.  I did four shows in a row.  I got to put the batteries to good 
use.  After the fourth show, I told them I had enough.  I don't know how Carol 
could do this for eight hours five days a week.  I was exhausted and totally 
spent.  Jack paid off Carol and we left.  I noticed that he had another bag 
from the bookstore.  He must of bought some more playthings while I had been 
working.  
    I quickly fell asleep once in the car.  I didn't awake until we pulled 
into the driveway.  Jack kissed me and we headed into the house.  I headed 
into the bedroom.  I had been in and out of the same clothes for a couple 
days and need to refresh.  I quickly stripped and headed to the shower.  I 
put on a silk nightshirt and panties and headed out of the bedroom.  Jack was 
in the kitchen preparing some dinner ( he is so sweet sometimes).  When he saw 
me, he smiled and handed me a drink.  We ate and talked about the weekend.  We 
agreed that it had been fun but it was not something we could repeat very 
often.  The thrill was mostly in the newness of the experience.
    We retired to the bedroom.  I told Jack that my pussy was to sore for much 
more action but said that we might find an alternative.  I gave him a long 
slow blowjob that lasted about half hour.  I swallowed his come and then we 
hugged.  It felt nice to be home and in bed.  Jack started gently stroking my 
pussy.  He apparently hadn't had enough.  We started to make slow love.  Jack 
was trying to be extra gentle.  I was slowly warming up.  He brought me to the 
brink a couple of times but stopped each time.  He was still playing games 
with me.  After one near explosion, he started talking about the show I given 
him that morning.  He asked if it felt good to have both holes filled.  I said 
that it had felt great.  He reached to the night stand and pulled out some 
Vaseline.  He put some on his middle finger and slowly inserted it up my 
rectum.  I relaxed as he started sliding the finger in and out.  He started 
thrusting his cock into my pussy.  I knew what he wanted to do and I knew that 
I was ready to try it.  I pulled his cock out of me and rolled onto my belly.  
I raised my hips and told Jack to go slow.  He grabbed the jar of Vaseline and 
started to work some into my rectum.  He placed the head of his cock at my 
rear entrance and slowly started to press it in.  I tried to relax myself as 
much as possible but it still hurt a little as his cock is bigger than the 
vibrator.  I grunted and Jack stopped.  After a minute, I told him to go on.  
He slowly proceeded again.  Soon he was all the way in.  He reached underneath 
and starting stroking my pussy.  I was beginning to adjust to the feel of his 
dick in my ass.  He slowly started to pull out a couple inches.  Then he 
pushed it back in.  I catch my breath out quickly.  He asked me if it hurt and 
I told him that it felt different, but not necessarily bad.  I asked him how 
it felt to him.  He said that it felt incredibly tight.  I moved my hips and 
he proceeded to slowly stroking his cock in and out.  Soon, all pain had been 
replaced with shooting sensations.  Jack had picked up the pace and was really 
going at it.  His hand was moving at a frenzied pace in my pussy and he had 
past caring whether it was hurting me or not.  I reached an intense orgasm and 
he kept on pounding away.  I reached another peak and started losing track of 
them.  It was like one continuous orgasm.  Jack finally shot in my ass and we 
collapsed flat on the bed.  I could feel his cock shrivelling in my ass.  
After a few minutes, he removed it with a pop.  What an ending to a weekend 
of a lot of firsts.  

    Jack asked, "You're not done yet are you?"  Now who could pass up a 
challenge like that?  

