Archive-name: Family/bored.txt
Archive-author: StarFire
Archive-title: I'm Bored!


She sat looking out the window, curled up on the window seat.  She loved
this old house...and would never miss an opportunity to sit on a warm
and lazy afternoon in the attic window seat and gaze out over the large
lawn.  She could see quite a bit of the garden...the small gazebo, the
garden shed...the curious labyrinth made of tall hedges.  Her 'uncle'
was a very curious gent indeed.  He had been the only near relative left
when her parents had died in the plane crash in Europe.  He was actually
a widower of one of her late maternal aunts.  He was very well to do and
so was not adverse to taking in this stranger...it would be no trouble...
he was sure.  He had loved her aunt with rare passion, and it was very 
plain that she favored this aunt in an extraordinary way.  She had been
looking thru the attic and come across many old family albums.  When 
she'd asked the cook/housekeeper who the beautiful woman was--the old dear 
had said with a tear in her eye, "Oh! That wuz MUM, himself's late wife,
dear--YOUR aunt!" and then had looked carefully at her and shaken her head,
"It never did dawn on me how you DO look like her!"  With that, the 
conversation had lapsed and she had returned to the attic to sit in the 
window sill and gaze at the beautiful woman she resembled so well.  She  
often looked thru the albums now, looking at the two of them, so obviously 
in love.  She knew that her uncle missed his wife terribly.  They had never
had children...and she thought perhaps he saw that loss restored through her.
She hoped so.  He was unfailingly kind to her...and she thought, quite
striking--in an older sort of way.
 
 
Today she sat, leaning against the wall by the window and actually tried 
to figure out how old he actually was.  She closed her eyes, seeing the 
figures and was actually amazed to realize he was merely 10 years older 
than herself.  She drew her knees up to her chin and rested her head as 
she closed her eyes and once again imagined her aunt and this striking 
man happily going thru life together.  This time tho, she imagined them 
in a more intimate setting... substituting herself for her aunt....a 
moonlit night on the beach in a nearby city...sitting and being held, 
gazing up at him as he bent his head to..........*
 
"PRINCESS!" came a yell from the floor below.  Her uncle had come home 
early and she was embarrassed to realize how her thoughts had taken on a
forbidden flavor.  She jumped up, briefly noting that she was quite damp
and still rather excited.  Her nipples were making a scene thru her shirt 
and she thought about her uncle's face when she came rushing down the
stairs....or would he notice at all?   She found herself hoping he would. 
WHAT had come over her?
 
"Yes sir?" she returned, always the unfailingly polite child.  She skidded 
to a stop at the foot of the stairs but couldn't quite prevent herself from
practically falling into her uncle's arms.  He steadied her and she noticed 
an odd look on his face, but dismissed it.
 
"Dear, we're going to be on our own this weekend...cook must go to her
sister's and help care for their mother.  I told her we could manage.  
and we can, can't we dear?"   He looked at her with that odd gaze again... 
and she could feel her face grow very hot.
 
"Certainly!  I can even prepare the meals....really I can!" she began 
eagerly.  He didn't reply and she looked up at him closely.  He had tears
in his eyes, and a far-away look.   "Uncle?" she ventured softly, laying 
her hand on his arm.  He started like a wild animal surprised in the wood
and then smiled gently, placing his hand on top of her head. 
 
"I'm fine, princess.  Just remembering, that's all."  They agreed to 
inform cook that they could fend  for themselves and then, if all else
failed--send out for pizza.
 
 
Later that evening, after cook had left...she slipped back up to the attic. 
She had prepared a decent meal, quite nice in fact, and had decided to 
'dress' for dinner.  She told her uncle and then ran up the stairs to find
something of her aunt's to wear........*
 
The attic was stuffy and so she quickly ran to the casement windows and
threw a couple open.  The young man her uncle hired to do yard work was
finishing up in the garden.  She paused a moment to watch the strong back,
muscles rippling, as he worked at cleaning up the tools and other equipment
he'd worked with all day.  She didn't realize she was very easy to see in 
the window, with the light on behind her.  She turned and opened an old 
trunk that she'd had occasion to sift thru before.  Her uncle had placed 
all of his late wife's belongings in the attic.  This particular trunk held
all of her 'unmentionables' as cook chose to refer to them.  The trunk was
positively awash with lace and sweet-smelling silks and numerous other kinds
of delicate wear.
 
She looked up for the full length mirror.  She found it in a corner and
dragged it out...She wanted to enjoy this. She stopped suddenly and cocked 
her head....she had ONE other thing to attend to before she began choosing 
what she would wear.  Her uncle was taking a shower, she would too. She had
told him it was formal...he'd never batted an eyelash. "Yes, your majesty." 
was his reply, along with a deep bow.  She wasn't sure what had come over 
him, but she was enjoying herself.
 
 
Rushing down the stairs, she careened around a corner to dash into her 
room and ran smack dab into her Uncle.  He was wearing a robe that he'd not 
secured the belt to...and when he reached for her to steady her (for the
SECOND time that day!) the robe fell open a bit for a moment.  What she saw
surprised her, but she hid her reaction totally--unwilling that he should 
know that she saw his quickly hardening member respond to her sudden
appearance.  She apologized profusely and he continued on his way to the 
linen closet to take a towel into his private bath. She continued on to her
own room and bath to quickly get ready so that she could continue what she 
had begun in the attic...thinking all the while of what she had accidently
glimpsed in the hall moments before.....
 
She quickly stripped down to nothing and grabbed the fresh towels that 
cook  had left on her bed earlier that day.  She paused for a moment when
struck wit the thought that her uncle undoubtedly had fresh linen lying 
on HIS bed also.  Somewhere in her subconscious, she was aware of the
discrepancy and wondered at it.  She shook her head and adjusted the 
water to a comfortable temperature before stepping into the shower.  
She didn't have time for a luxurious bubble bath....but she had foaming
soap that she knew would feel great.  She let the water run over her
face...through her hair and down her body to pool at her feet.  Hot water
cascaded along her firm young breasts and runnels gathered at her soft 
pubic mound, tickling her and arousing her gradually as the water defied
gravity to run along her soft lips and up her pert ass, spouting off behind
her.  She took the soap and began lathering herself. Her breasts were first
and the rest of her upper body followed. She stroked and teased herself and
made 'mountains' of soft bubbly foam that she then spread between her legs 
and everywhere she could reach. She was feeling the need to do more than
spread foam when a knock came at the bathroom door............*
 
Her heart lept to her throat....that could ONLY be her uncle! All the 
illicit thoughts she'd been having as she soaped herself to a fever pitch 
came back to haunt her as she felt herself blush from head to toe.  She 
leaned out of the shower, grabbing the curtain around her and called 
out......
 
"YES??!"
 
The door opened and her uncle poked his head around it, smiling slightly...
 
"Princess! You're going to be late to your own party!"
 
He looked very young at that moment, she thought, as she consciously let
the curtain slip just enuff to expose one firm young breast, nipple at 
rigid attention...her arm just close enough to give the impression she 
was UNaware that she was thus exposed. Her uncle's smile never wavered...
but did his eyes flicker--for even just an instant--to where her nubile 
form was there for his benefit? Surely he could and did see her. The 
thought caused her to cum so hard she felt the honeyed liquid literally 
flow down her leg, mingled with the warm shower spray. 
 
"I'm hurrying, TRULY I am Uncle!!!" She smiled at him and ducked back into 
the shower stall....to quickly clean up what her uncle had 'finished' for 
her. It was a bonus that she had not had to complete the arousal and it
excited her further to think about what had just happened.....She heard 
the door close softly and could swear she heard her uncle chuckle as he 
no doubt left to have a before dinner drink in the library.  She must 
hurry if she was to pick the perfect items from her aunt's store in the
attic..............*
 
She quickly soaped her hair with jasmine shampoo...a favorite scent of her
late aunt....it had to be, since there were dozens of bottles in the 
cupboard.  She lathered her long heavy tresses and then as an afterthought,
reached down with a handful of scented suds and made sure ALL of her hair
would carry the heady scent of jasmine...it had been a favorite of her 
uncle also...subconscious desires were leading the nubile teen along a 
path she would not have dreamed of following a few scant days before. 
She stood forward into the hot spray and with tightly closed eyes allowed
the water to caress her body, sluicing the suds and soap from her tingling
form...nipples erect and a deep seated feeling of need growing in her belly
again, she wrung out her hair and towelled off briskly.  She grabbed a large
towel, wrapping it around her hurriedly, and dashed back into the hall....
looking neither right nor left but racing for the stairwell to the attic. 
She barely remembered to grab another towel for her hair on the way out the
bathroom, she was in such a snit to get to the choosing of her 'formal
attire'........*
 
She took the steps two at a time....wet, bare feet slapping the old wood
and making a sound that caused her to giggle. She was exhilarated, her 
daring plans causing her blood to sing electric thru her athletic form.  
She had not an ounce of fat on her that did not belong...a fact that would
stand her in good stance shortly. She skidded to a stop before the chest....
mouth slightly open and pink tongue tip circling, questing....
 
She bent over and wrapped her hair turban style....the larger towel falling
to her feet before the chest.  She knelt on the towel...unmindful of her
nudity...she had eyes only for the treasures before her.
 
Her aunt's musky scent...overlaid with the faint scent of jasmine, rose
to entice her further.  She bent over the trunk, reaching deep within the
multitude of textures to stir them--the better to see what she had to 
choose from.  Her nipples brushed the edge of the chest and she shivered,
her nipples standing at rigid attention.  She closed her eyes as a similar
shock seemed to join her nipples with her soft virgin path.  She discovered,
when she turned her mind to it, that she was so wet she was dripping down 
the inside of her thigh.  Well, no matter--she had the towel and could
correct the situation if the need arose...for now, she enjoyed the hot,
slightly sticky feeling...
 
She brought up a handful of delicate items which she proceeded to take to 
the window seat.  She was so engrossed in her task, she neglected to see
if anyone were about.  Of course it was well past time for the fellow she'd 
seen earlier to be gone, and Uncle was probably in the Library...sooooo, 
she neglected to even give the yard a cursory glance.  Meanwhile, the light
was creating a most interesting tableau, framed by the attic window.
 
 
 
 
He finished putting the last of the tools back in the shed.  He'd stayed
late today to clean and oil everything....now he could go home and eat and
rest up a bit.  Locking the shed door, he caught movement out of the corner 
of his eye.................*
 
He stepped back, out of line of sight, once he looked up and discovered 
that which had caught his attention.  The rich guy's niece in the attic
window. What a sight!  Stark naked and oblivious to the show she was giving. 
What the hell?  Dinner and rest could wait!  This was probably a one in a
million chance, why pass it up?  His manhood was certainly in favor of this
line of argument...he had to shift 'things' so as to get comfortable it 
was so in favor!  He looked around and thought of a window in the shed that
would give him a perfect view while preventing him from being discovered....
and if he were, he could always claim to be cleaning the tools.  He hurriedly
unlocked the shed and crossed over to the stool he'd been sitting on earlier
while working......arranging a few on the table while he was at it 
(wouldn't hurt to have his alibi LOOK plausible) and set it in a very
advantageous position to cover both the excuse and the erotic view from 
the attic window.  She was still up there...he smiled to himself. This ought
to be pretty good!  She was totally unaware that she was under observation...
and she was one hot looker!  He wished for binoculars and made a mental note
to bring his from now on.  He sat down and immediately stood up again. 
DAMN!  He was harder than he thought possible and COULD NOT sit in that
condition in these tight jeans...what to do...  He crossed over to the door
and set a few pots by it so that any slight movement would cause them to
fall over and alert him, after all, HOW LONG could it take to yank his 
jeans back up?  He returned to his 'front row seat' and dropped his jeans,
releasing his balls and thoroughly engorged member.  Yes, he nodded to
himself, no time at all to make everything seem innocuous.  He settled 
down to watch the show, slowly stroking his rigid manhood absently.......*
 
She held up first one scanty item and then another....she had a vague idea 
of how she wished to dress....of course she hadn't thought of the OUTER
garments yet...that could wait, she decided.  She was getting quite wet,
thinking of herself dressed in the very same clothes her uncle was so
intimately familiar with.  In the back of her mind, she was aware of her
similarity to her aunt...and this served to further excite her and 
encourage her to continue with these half formed plans.  She found a 
beautiful bra-panty-garter set that was interlocked.  Some one had taken 
them off and resecured the hooks so that they would be easy to find.  She 
held it to her face, inhaling the sweet jasmine scent and noticed an
underlying one....one she could not place.  Her brow creased for a moment 
and then she simply shrugged the thought off and proceeded to release the
catches.  Deep blue and black lace were her favorite colors and this 
ensemble was perfect for her...the shade was perfect against her skin...
and she wasted no further time, donning them.  The silky material caressed
her body and created a very electric feeling in secret places already at 
the height of sensual need, she was breathless by the time she had completed
dressing.  Every time she moved, she was touched by the strange sensations 
of silk against bare skin.  No, this was quite different from plain
cotton...or even rayon!  She stood and the rest of the pile was returned 
to the chest...as she straightened, she saw a lovely garter...all black
lace....it was around a small bag.  She took it from the pile, and closing
the lid, sat on top of the chest.  Curious, she opened the bag and found a
pair of fine silk hose...the kind with the fine line down the back. They 
were exquisite.  She smiled and put them on.....hooking them to the garter
and then placing the lace garter on her thigh. She stood up and pulled the
mirror around so that she could see herself better.  She stood before the
attic window, a perfect picture, and turned this way and that.  Heels, she
needed heels!  She stood at a slight loss. She had one pair...but she didn't
think they'd go with this outfit.  She was about to give up when her eyes
fell on a strange pile of boxes in the corner she'd never noticed before....
She crossed over to them and lifted the lid on one...
 
A lovely pair of spiked heels...VERY tall heels, lay in the box.  They were
black...and lovely.  She looked at another box, and another, and finally 
found the perfect pair....blue with 4" black heel...a strap to cross the
instep....now if they only fit.  She returned to the window seat and sat 
down, mentally crossing her fingers, and put on the shoes.  She stood up,
teetering only for a moment....and joyfully discovering her aunt and she 
had exactly the same size feet.  This was fortunate indeed!  She had not
worried about the underwear...it was plain in the photo albums that she 
was the exact size her aunt had been.  She smoothed her hands over the 
soft ensemble....down to the hose....lifting one foot to the seat beside 
her, she glanced at her reflection in the mirror.  She tilted her head 
and decided that she was indeed ready for the choosing of the dress. 
Her eyes strayed for a moment to the insides of her thighs...still
glistening....she hadn't bothered to wipe any of it away...perhaps a 
more primal mind within hers was guiding her now and then.  She slipped
a finger under the fine silk to stroke herself softly...she was very wet 
and becoming wetter as the realization of what she intended became more 
clear in her mind.....She closed her eyes and let her finger occupy her
entire attention for a brief time....slowly letting her head fall back...
her heavy hair caressing her back...her nipples becoming even harder and
more insistent for attention... until she found her other hand drawn to 
them and stroking them each--pinching a bit and just teasing them into 
further desire for attention.  She felt the building of desire near an
explosive climax and forced herself to cease her ministrations...much to 
the disappointment of the voyeur in the shed below...........*
 
 
He sat in his 'box' seat and watched the lithe figure in the window above.
She was oblivious to anything and everything.  He continued to stroke his
rigid tool to the rhythm of his heartbeat...which increased markedly when she
returned to the window seat after a brief absence.  He'd been afraid she was
leaving the attic, but was reassured when the light remained on...
 
 
He thought back to how she looked, standing in the window, her nudity
seeming second nature to her, nakedness a garment she wore with natural 
grace.  He could make out the items as she picked them up, considering each 
one before she finally decided on a hot set in blue and black.  The blue
fairly leapt out of the window, it was so vivid.  He watched as she donned 
the delicate items and almost stood and called out "NO!" when she left the
window.  He waited with excruciating anticipation for the light to go out,
releasing a pent-up breath when she returned to the window with something  
in her hands.  He squinted, leaning a bit forward and almost forgetting to
keep his rhythm up and finally realized they were a pair of shoes..... 
heels...very very HIGH heels.  GOD!  This girl was unbelievable!  He wished 
the careful planning of her attire were directed at HIS desires....so far
she'd hit the nail on the head every time!  Speaking of nails and heads, he
looked down at his engorged member..the veins standing out along each side,
the entire length pulsing with his desire.  It wouldn't be long, he could
tell!  He looked back up in time to see her lift one leg to what had to be 
a window seat, arching her leg and examining herself with a critical eye in
the mirror before her.  Her next action nearly caused him to cum from it's
pure unexpectedness.  She was actually masturbating right there in the 
window!  His stroke took on new intensity...he gripped himself and applied 
a bit of pressure....it wouldn't take long and if he worked it right they'd
come at the same time....
 
He continued to gaze at the girl....his eyes locked on her....his member
beginning to tremble before release....she was so HOT!  She threw her head 
back and brought her other hand up to tease her tits....that was all that 
he could stand...he felt the eruption begin and knew there was no stopping
it.....the build-up was tremendous...and before he could think twice about 
it, he was shooting so high, he believed he'd have to clean the ceiling. 
This was incredible!  The next time he thought to look thru the window, he 
had two surprises....one, the girl was gone....and the second..............*
 
 
 
******To Be Continued******
 

