                            BOSIE BOY
 
His cock was harder then before.  I picked one of the paddles and 
continued  to paddle that ass.  It had turned a bright  red  long 
ago,  but  Josh keep pushing his ass up to meet my  blows.   Josh 
started to whimper, his thank you's got more and more hesitant -- 
Each time I hit his ass, Josh's toes curled tighter and  tighter, 
the  tendons  in his legs became more and more  pronounced.   You 
could  see  him  trying to get control of  himself  without  much 
success.  He finally spoke in gasps between the blows on his ass.
 
 
             Please.....,SIR.....,you are going.....to make
             me....cum.....Sir,....I haven't....cum all....
             week......Sir!!!!"
 
My jeans were already damp inside and out -- inside from all  the 
precum  I  had  been leaking since I put him over  my  knees  and 
outside from Josh.  I knew I had this boy now.  "You best not cum 
boy!!"  I said as I hit his ass harder then before ---  that  was 
all  it took, his body stiffen he stoke from head to  his  curled 
toes. Spasm after spasm ran thur his body as his cum erupted from 
his  body,  after each spasm that poured his man juice  from  his 
balls  ,  I  would hit his ass again, this  made  him  shot  even 
harder. 
 
Josh  laid over my lap panting -- "You best suck your cum out  of 
my  jeans boy!!!" He was on his knees with his mouth on  the  wet 
spot his cum had left on my jeans. 
 
"Okay,  boy,  where is that fucking dinner, you promised  me  and 
while you are at it boy, get a fire going in the fire pland" 
 
There it was on the screen, in living color:
 
i can't make it this weekend, there was a major disk crash, and i 
have to work this weekend.  Sorry SIR! i really needed to be with 
you,  to serve you, SIR! To sleep bound at the foot of your  bed, 
SIR! i beg you forgive me, SIR! i will call soon, SIR! 
 
I  had been looking forward to this weekend for weeks.   The  few 
times  we had been together, Kyle had always had to go  home,  he 
lived  100 miles away and had to get up early for work  the  next 
day.  The computer had brought us together now it was keeping  us 
apart. 
 
The rest of the day was a bitch. I think I yelled at everyone  in 
the department about something or another, the least little thing 
would  set me off.  Since my weekend plans had been shot to  hell 
by  the disk crash, I decided to fix myself dinner and stay  home 
and watch some videos.  I went to Vons on the way home from work, 
I  was standing trying to decide what veggie's to have  with  the 
nice thick, juicy steak I had just picked up, when I was run over 
by  a  shopping  cart filled to the brim.  The  culprit  of  this 
hideous crime stood about 5'11" with a moustache, brown hair with 
a cute cowlick, and was dressed just like he had walked out of  a 
GQ layout.  His name was Josh, and this was his first weekend  in 
LA.  He  had just been transfer from Boise, to his  company's  LA 
office, and the movers had just brought his stuff yesterday,  two 
days  late, and he didn't know anyone in LA, and, and, and,  and.  
All this came out in between his apology for looking where he was 
going and running into me with his cart.  Looking into his  brown 
eyes,  you  could  see the loneness, "new kid  in  town  and  not 
knowing were to go or what to do!!" 
 
We stood there and talked for about ten minutes when he asked  if 
I wanted to come to his place for a drink, to make up for running 
into  me.   His voice was also saying please, I need  someone  to 
talk  to,  cause I am alone and need a friend for  this  evening.  
Since I didn't have anything to do this evening I said yes,  Josh 
seemed like a really nice guy and an evening of good conversation 
would be fun. 
 
His apartment was one of the new high rises near the park.  There 
were  boxes everywhere, some half unpacked, others  stacked  upon 
each  other,  the furniture was somewhat in place.  He  fixed  us 
drinks  and  turned on the stereo in  his  entertainment  center.  
Josh  went into the kitchen and started to unpack  the  groceries 
which he had brought.  I noticed when we were checking out he had 
gotten  three  large  cans of Crisco, along with  all  the  other 
stuff,  flour,  sugar, spices, etc.  It was baking  season  so  I 
really  didn't  think much of it, my roommate had  pick  up  some 
extra the other day, his never got out of the kitchen. 
 
Josh keep talking the whole time he was unpacking the  groceries, 
I  heard all about his high school day, the time and  trouble  of 
Boise and his move to LA, mile by mile.  He was finally  finished 
putting everything away, with just two rearrangements of what was 
going where, and excused himself to change.  In three minutes  he 
was  back  in a pair of cutoffs and a skin tight  t-shirt.   That 
three  piece  suit he had been wearing could hide a  great  hairy 
hunk of man.  My interest was pecked at that point but he  seemed 
so  innocent,  just a country boy in the big city for  the  first 
time.
 
 Those cutoffs were very nicely packed.  He sat down across  from 
me on the couch with his legs spread, i could see just a hint  of 
his ball sack trying to get out of his leg pants leg. 
 
Josh asked if I wanted to smoke a joint, he had some which he had 
grown in Boise.  He claimed it wasn't very good, just okay.  Josh 
rolled a few joints and fired one up.  The first toke hit me like 
a  ton of bricks, if this stuff was just okay I did want to  find 
out what he called great.  We sat there and got high off the  pot 
and  booze, listen to the music with Josh going on and  on  about 
Bosie. Josh asked if I wanted to stay for dinner, what the hell I 
was  high  and  enjoying  being with Josh, if  it  was  only  for 
conversation. 
 
Josh went into the kitchen only to come right back out, it  seems 
that boxes in the kitchen didn't have the kitchen stuff in  them. 
Like  most guys, he hadn't marked the boxes with what he had  put 
in  them,  so  it was and search and find  mission.   Being  high 
didn't  help either of us.  We went through all the ones  in  the 
living  room with no luck, we headed for the bedroom.  The  first 
box  we  opened was pay dirt, Josh took it into the  kitchen.   I 
opened   the   one  under  it  and  pulled  out   the   newspaper 
packing.....No kitchen stuff
 
red, with a few color in between.  It seems that I had found  the 
Pleasure Chest Annex, which held his toys.  Josh stood there  and 
stated  to stammer...I let him stew...it seems that this  weekend 
might just be a good one after all...... 
 
We went back into the living room and Josh lit another joint,  he 
was  quite, I looked at him squarely in the eye and said in  deep 
voice  "OK, boy, give!" Josh just looked down at the  floor,  his 
voice as he started to speak cracked....."You weren't suppose  to 
see  that  stuff, you can leave now if you want  too."  Josh  was 
confused I had found out one of his secrets, one that he  thought 
no  one  else  shared.  I walked over to  him  and  grabbed  him, 
lifting him up and kissed him, hitting him on the ass at the same 
time. Josh's brown eyes got big and a smile replaced his confused 
look. 
 
"ok, boy now give!" It seems that they do more in Bosie then just 
count potatoes.  Josh had meet Dan years ago when he was still in 
college and Dan had trained him real well since there wasn't much 
to  do  on those cold winner nights.  Josh lit up  as  he  talked 
about  those  winner nights, the more he talked  the  bigger  the 
bulge  got  in  his  cutoffs.   Josh  was  starting  to  get  his 
confidence back, something I didn't want to happen, I wanted  him 
off balance -- "Get me a drink, boy" my voice was forceful,  with 
just  a hint of more to come.  Josh reponed  without  hesitation, 
"Yes,  SIR" and rose. He returned with the drink -- "strip,  boy" 
Josh  pulled his t-shirt off and unbuttoned his cutoffs  dropping 
them  to  the floor.  His chest was covered with  about  a  three 
weeks growth of brown hair that tapered down to a fine line below 
his navel, the thatch of hair above his cock was also fairly new. 
 
"on your knees, boy"  I said in a harsh voice.
 
"yes, Sir"
 
"You ran into me intentionally, boy, didn't you, boy"
 
"No Sir, I didn't, Sir, really, Sir".  Josh had been will trained.
 
"I  think  you  did, boy, you have been  playing  with  me,  boy, 
haven't you?" 
 
"No, Sir, i was looking were i was going, Sir, please, Sir, I  am 
sorry." 
 
"Get your ass over my knees boy, I'll teach you to run into  guys 
in the grocery store!!!" 
 
When Josh stood up, I could see little tremors shake his body  --
his cock was hard and tight against his belly.  As he got close I 
grabbed  that hard 6" and squeezed it, "Get rid of that  hard  on 
boy, you don't deserve it!!!" 
 
"Sorry, Sir."
 
I  pulled  Josh ruffly over my jean covered lap -- his  butt  was 
covered with a new growth of hair, also.  My first hit on his ass 
was  hard  and stung -- my hand print  appeared  within  seconds. 
"Thank you, SIR!!" was Josh response as the second blow hit  him. 
I  keep  up  aa steady rain of blows on his  ass  until  my  hand 
started  to sting.  I had seen soon paddles and whips in his  toy 
boy, so I told him to go get them.  Josh jumped up and came  back 
with two mean looking paddles and a small whip with about  twenty 
leather  throngs attached to the end. He laid them on  the  couch 
next to me and was over my knees again.
 
Josh got the fire going faster then a boy scout.  He knew all the 
little  tricks  and before long there was a blazing fire  in  the 
fireplace.  He gabbed a bag and took into the kitchen with him. I 
sat in the glow of the fire with the music just right and thought 
about how things have a way of taking care of themselves.   About 
15 minutes late Josh came back into the living room with a  plate 
of  goodies, not real fancy but just enough to keep a hungry  man 
satisfied.   He  had also brought a big bowl of  wet  wood  chips 
which he put on the fire.  The room was filled with the smell  of 
pine,  apple and a hint of cedar.  The great outdoors right  here 
in LA. Josh sat down on the floor at my feet very gingerly.   His 
ass  I know was sore and very, very tender.  He rested  his  head 
against  my still damp jeans, say that dinner would be  ready  in 
about 30 minutes.  We sat there not say much, just enjoying being 
with each other.  Josh got up and when back to the kitchen. 
 
"Dinner is ready, Sir."
 
I  got  up and climbed over a few boxes to get into  his  dinning 
room. Where he got the candles and linen, when he could find  his 
kitchen  stuff is still a mystery.  But there was only one  place 
setting. I looked at him .... not saying a word.... 
 
"I was never allowed to eat with my Master, Sir." were his  words 
as he bowed his head. 
 
"Get a fucking plate, boy, and sit down, your first dinner  guest 
will not eat alone, boy!!!" 
 
It  did  take him long to get his plate and sit  down,  gingerly. 
Dinner  was fairly simple, chicken with some kind of sauce,  rice 
and  green beans, with an excellent wine.  But  surprising  good.  
Josh  was full of questions about LA and the  bars,  restaurants, 
were  to go and what to wear.  What to do and what not.  I  found 
out  a lot more about him, and the relationship he had in  Bosie.  
He really didn't want to move to LA, he was happy in Bosie but if 
he was to move up in the company this was the only way to go.  He 
got  us  some brandy to go with the coffee and we went  into  the 
living  room by the fire.  The glow from the fire made  him  look 
even more innocent. The evening was young so I asked if he wanted 
to visit some of the bars.  His face lit up, only to fall just as 
fast. 
 
"Are you going to come back here with me, Sir?"
 
"of course, boy, we have just started!!"
 
His  face lit up even brighter.  Josh went to get dressed,  after 
asking  what  he should wear.  When he came back  in  his  501's, 
plaid  shirt, boots and carry his leather jacket, he handed me  a 
leather  collar....."I  used to wear this all the time  in  Bosie 
when I went out....do you want me to wear it, SIR???" I took  the 
collar  and put it around his neck, locking in place.  That  lost 
look  Josh had in the grocery store was gone.  We headed out  for 
the Gauntlet. 
 
We  had  been  in  the  bar  a  few  minutes,  Josh  was  looking 
everywhere, it seems that Bosie did have any bars like this, when 
I  was  grabbed from behind in a bear hug....."When in  the  fuck 
have  you been all evening...I have been calling you!!!!" I  knew 
that  voice, I should have I lived with him for four  years.   TR 
stood there, looking just as good as I remembered. 
"I see you've got yourself another little boy."
 
"No, I just meet Josh, this evening in the grocery store."
 
"And you have him collared already."
 
"Shut  up, boytoy, or you will some of what you use to get,  only 
double" 
 
TR took a second or two to think about what I said, smiled saying 
"YES, SIR!!!" 
 
 I introduced Josh and TR.  They took to each other like ducks to 
water.   They were both about the same age and up and  coming  in 
their  jobs.   Both  had had to move to  move  up  the  corporate 
ladder.  I stood there while the two of them talked  their  heads 
off. Smiling all the time.  It was good to see TR again, I  could 
tell by his manner that he had grown quite a bit.  I went to  the 
bathroom  and  when I came back both Josh and TR had  a  look  on 
their faces.  TR hadn't changed he was up to mischief.  Josh  was 
the  first to speak, "I asked TR if he wanted to come  back  with 
us, if that is okay with you, Sir?" I thought for a moment,  this 
could be real interesting, but I knew I had to get the upper hand 
real  fast.  TR was a total man now, not a boytoy, to  be  played 
with  at will.  I turned to him, "Tony, are you going to  behave, 
boy?" 
 
"Yes, Sir, you know I will always be YOUR boytoy!!!" 
 
The words were music to my ears.  We left the bar and headed back 
to Josh's apartment.  The fire had burned down some so Josh added 
more wood to the fire, and got us all drinks.  Both he and TR sat 
on  the  floor.   The  fire was making the  room  real  warm  and 
clothing was becoming a liability.  I didn't need words for TR, a 
look  was all he needed, he stood up and stated to  strip.   Josh 
followed suit. 
 
I grabbed the nude TR and turned him over my knee for a few  good 
swats.   That  was all it took to get his cock to stand  up.   TR 
stood  up and I told Josh to suck his cock.  Josh went  after  it 
with  gusto.  "No  too  much boy, this is  going  to  be  a  long 
evening". 
 
I  stood  behind TR and pinched his tit as Josh was  sucking  his 
cock,  my  own cock was shove up the crack of TR's ass.   TR  was 
pushing back trying to devour my cock with his talented ass hole.  
I pulled back. 
 
"You boys have just too much hair on your bodies" 
 
I had seen the straight razor case in Josh's toy box, I told  him 
to  get  it.  Josh got it along with an old razor strap.   I  had 
seen on of them since my father had last used it on my butt.  The 
razor  had  a pearl handle,that was turning yellow.  I  was  sure 
that  it had been used for years.  I handed the razor to  TR  and 
said,  "OKAY,  boy, show me what you have  learned  or  remember" 
Josh's cock was hard just at the sight of the razor.  TR  started 
with his chest and slowly cut the hair from his body.  Each stoke 
took  more and more hair from his body.  TR shave  around  Josh's 
tits  making his chest smooth.  As he started down his  chest,  I 
had  him  stop  and took the razor to TR.   My  first  swipe  cut 
through his pubes, after a few moments TR was dripping as much as 
Josh now.  Both of them were on the edge...I stopped with TR  and 
turned to Josh...just as he was getting close I went back to  TR.  
When I wasn't shaving one or the other I had them on their  knees 
sucking  my cock and balls. By the time I had finished with  both 
of  them  the  tension  in the air could have  been  cut  with  a 
knife....both boys and myself were on the edge....I grabbed their 
smooth  cock and balls....that was all it took ....Josh shot  all 
over TR, with TR returning the favor...with both of them shooting 
their loads....my cock erupted and joined them. 
