Copyright 1997, Studs Manly,   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.




(C) Studs Manly
	Bossy Barbara

	Her name was Barbara.  She had been a high school cheerleader
before she went to college.  She lived next door.  I was a precocious 18
and had just graduated high school.  I was taking it easy for the summer
before I joined the Army.  Naturally, I resented my folks when they left
town for a week and asked Barbara to keep tabs on me and the house.  I
felt insulted at the affront to my manhood.
	But I still dug out my collection of skin magazines and was
enjoying the blissfulness of self-abuse the evening of the Friday my
parents left.  It was raining and the date I'd had for the evening came
down sick.  Being a horny virgin, I opened my magazines to sexy poses of
spread lips and laid them on the bed around me.  Naked, I had a good grip
on my favorite plaything and was whipping it really good, bringing myself
to the brink of orgasm more than once, only to slow down, delaying the
grand moment.  And I had headphones on to give me some good music to
stroke off to.
	I don't know how long Barbara had stood in the doorway watching
me.  I hadn't heard her knock on the front door.  I didn't hear her walk
down the hall or call my name.  The music saw to that and when I wasn't
staring at a picture, my eyes were closed in blissful enjoyment.  The way
I knew Barbara was there was when her hand slapped my bare thigh and
scared me to death.  I lost my erection in a split second and jerked the
headset off.  
	Glaring, and without saying a word, Barbara grabbed me by the arm
and with a jerk, stood me up and dragged me over to a nearby chair. 
Sitting down, she draped me over her knee, my butt presenting a most
vulnerable target.  All of this occurred in about ten seconds, and I was
in too much shock to resist.  
	So there I was, lying naked and face down over the bare thighs of
my attractive college student neighbor.  I finally had enough composure
to begin to speak, but as soon as I said, "What the hell . . . ?"
Barbara's open palm hit my ass with a loud, surprising and painful WHAP! 
Which shut me up again real fast.  Her left arm held my shoulders down
and her right hand kept delivering stinging swats to my backside.
	I yelled.  But even though it hurt, I was aware of a pleasurable
sensation.  I'd quickly developed a raging boner and quite abruptly an
orgasm the likes of which I'd never before felt grabbed me and I spewed a
healthy amount of semen on Barbara's legs.  I was jerking and gasping
while I was cumming.  Barbara was, I believe, surprised.  And pissed. 
She yelled at me and stood me up.  My stiff cock wagged in front of me,
still oozing cum.  Her thighs were covered with my stuff.  She stared at
my erection and smiled. 
	She opened her mouth and leaned forward, her long fingers taking
hold of my balls.  I gasped when I felt her lips on my cockhead.  Her
tongue swirled around and captured my oozing cum and both of us groaned
as she took in most of my shaft.  I'd had a girl go down one me before
for about five seconds.  But Barbara knew what she was doing and she
liked it.
	Still gripping my balls, Barbara took her mouth off my cock and
looked at her cum-covered thighs.  "Lick your stuff off my legs," she
said, squeezing just hard enough to convince me to do it.  I knelt and
obediently licked my salty cum from where it had clung to her soft skin. 
Several times she stopped me and kissed me, her tongue swishing in my
mouth to gather as much of my cum as she could.
	Barbara unfastened her shorts, walked to my bed as she pushed
them down, knocked my porno magazines into the floor with a sweep of her
arm, laid down and told me to pull her shorts and panties off, which I
did.  Her pussy was the first real one I'd ever seen and I swear my cock
throbbed to an even bigger size.
	"Now, lick my cunt," she told me.  I'd never done that before,
though I'd sure wanted to, but here was this older woman (well, three
years older) ordering me to do what I'd dreamed of.  I just fell to my
knees, Barbara dropped her legs over my shoulder and I stared at that wet
pussy, surrounded by light brown curls for a second before her hand went
behind my head and pulled my mouth to her.
	My lips pressed against her moist slit.  The raw flesh was slick,
swollen and hot.  My tongue darted out to give me my first taste of spicy
pussy juice.
	"Ohh, yes-s-s," Barbara hissed as her heels pressed my shoulder
blades, as if I might consider trying to stop and get away from her. 
With the flat of my tongue, I licked the length of her slice, my mouth
watering at the delicious taste of her.   I managed to reach up and cup
her tits, exposed because Barbara had shed her t-shirt in seconds.  Her
breasts weren't too big, a firm handful to keep my hands busy.
	I gnawed her clit and swallowed her flowing juice for awhile
before she let go her hold on my head and told me to stand.  "How big is
that dick of yours?"
	"Last time I measured, it was 8 inches, but I swear it feels
bigger than that right now," I answered.
	"I've never seen one that big, let alone screwed one."  Her voice
was husky, breathy.  Her eyes were almost glassy.
	"Fuck me, Jack."
	She didn't have to repeat that.  I stood between her legs and she
grabbed my cock and pulled me close, rubbing the head up and down her
slit, getting it wet and slick.  Then I felt her pussy suck me inside and
I eased forward as Barbara's hands held my hips and pulled me into her.
	"O-o-oh, yes-s-s," came from her mouth just before she pulled my
head forward and began to tongue-fuck my mouth in time to the fucking our
joined genitals were experiencing.  I was still taking all this in,
especially actually fucking Barbara.  The squishy sound and the actual
feeling of my cock sliding in and out of her pussy soon had me poised to
cum again.  
	"Gonna cum!" I gasped.  Deftly, Barbara managed to disengage our
pieces and she grabbed hold of my explosive cock and pulled me off,
directing my cum onto her breasts.  She licked the oozing cum from my
cockhead and, as my cock shrank, she sucked it into her mouth and let it
soak.
	The following days changed my life.  I used to be a rebellious
asshole, but Barbara changed that.  She spanked me and paddled me often
that week, but she also sucked me and fucked me and made me spend lots of
time licking her tasty pussy.  I quickly became subservient to her, eager
to please so that I might experience another orgasm in her mouth or pussy
or that she might reward me by letting me lick her pussy.
	She really surprised me one night when she just walked in with
Janet.  I'd never seen her before that night but I've never forgotten
her.  She had the most beautiful hair -- deep red, I guess auburn, thick,
long, wild.  I believe the word "mane" is fitting.  Emerald green eyes
and a face that belonged on magazine covers.  Barbara told me to strip as
I stared at the red-haired woman who wore a long black leather coat.
	"Now!" Barbara shouted and at that instant Janet opened her coat
to reveal that she was wearing absolutely nothing but black stockings and
heels.
	I had a hard-on as I undressed.
	"Hmm, he is big," Janet said to Barbara as I stood there, my cock
throbbing in front of me.  Barbara had also removed some of her clothes
so the three of us were all in similar conditions of readiness.
	"I want to try his mouth first," Janet said.  Barbara led the way
to the bedroom, told me to lay on the bed, then Janet stood above me and
lowered her pussy.  As that chestnut-fringed wet furrow descended, I saw
that Janet's clit was almost as big as the end of my pinky, thick and
close to an inch long.  She hovered just above my watering mouth.
	"Tell him to lick my slit, Barbara," Janet told her.
	"Lick her, Jack," she ordered, so obediently and eagerly I lapped
that scarlet quim from her clit to her puckered asshole and back.  Pussy
juice oozed from her in a steady flow and I feasted on her tangy nectar.
	As I licked, their fingers stroked and teased my cock and balls. 
A tongue licked my scrotum.  A finger worked its way into my ass.  Lips
engulfed my swollen cockhead.  I didn't know who was doing what and I
didn't care.  I just knew I was feasting on a delicious pussy and two
gorgeous women were giving me the sort of pleasure wet dreams are made
of.
	Suddenly, Janet sat firmly on my face and leveraged my legs back,
elevating my ass.  I heard her tell Barbara to get "the toys" and then
Janet squirmed her pussy on my mouth while her fingernail circled my
asshole.  Not being able to see, I couldn't know what was going on, but I
was excited, not scared.  Though my hearing was muffled by her thighs, I
heard Barbara return and I heard Janet say something about lube.  Then I
felt some thick, cool stuff being smeared around, then in, my asshole. 
Seconds later, something was pushing at my sphincter to get inside, and
this time it wasn't a finger.  It slid in easily enough, but it grew
wider the further in it went.
	Just when I was getting scared, my asshole suddenly snapped
closed.  Well, almost.  I felt whatever it was still inside me.  (I later
learned it was a big butt plug.)  Janet and Barbara had a leather
contraption that secured the butt plug and held my cock and balls.  I
felt that part of me was like a Thanksgiving turkey, trussed and stuffed.
	That's when I felt the next toy.  Barbara seared my exposed ass
with a damn paddle.  My howl of pain was muted by Janet's wet pussy,
though.  With Janet holding my legs back and sitting on my face, all I
could do was writhe and twist, but I couldn't escape.  Again that paddle
cracked against my ass.  And again.  I was aware that my cock felt like
it was about to explode, but my ass was the focus of my attention now as
the pain coursed through me.  It was worse than Barbara's spankings.  Far
worse.  And she kept swatting me, even after my ass became almost numbed.
	When Barbara finally stopped, I was crying in Janet's auburn
pussy, my tears mixing with her juices.  But my cock was as stiff and
aching as it ever had been, and when Janet got off my face, I saw that my
balls and cock were in some sort of leather harness and there was a leash
that Janet took hold of that was attached to the thing and she led me by
my harnessed cock, tugging at the leash and ordering me to follow the two
of them to the bathroom.  There, I watched as Janet peed in the toilet
and told me to kneel in the floor.  She stood up and told me to lick her
pussy clean.  The few drops of here urine were salty but not bad.  I also
licked Barbara after she peed.
	Janet then led me back to the bedroom and she got an instant
camera from her coat pocket and took some photos of me showing my
harnessed jewels and my red, plugged ass.  She  said she'd keep them, but
if I didn't always obey her and Barbara, she'd mail them to my folks. 
Then she lay back on the bed, spread her legs and told Barbara to take
the harness off of my cock.  She told me to fuck her.  I seemed to hear a
sizzle as my hot, swollen piece sank into her juicy pussy.  I was really
wired and fucked her fast. She held my sore cheeks, squeezing my aching
buns, and even pressed against the butt plug.
	Pretty soon, I felt my cum rush up my cock and blast into Janet's
pussy.  She came too and I felt her muscles milking my cock.  When I
rolled off of her, Janet told Barbara to lick me clean and she kept me
hard with her mouth.  I fucked Barbara from behind while she slurped my
cum from Janet's pussy.
	My experiences with Barbara and Janet lasted about a year.  I
haven't seen them since they left town five years ago.  But I'd sure like
to. 


--

Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....

