Archive-name: 3plus/boss-two.txt 
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: The Boss her Niece and Beth
Also-archived: Series/bus1st05.txt

Keywords: Family


Things at work were  going well and Jane  and I were getting  along very
well.  Sue and I continued to  work together and I spent Monday  evening
with Sue  making love  nearly all  night.  Sue  loved to  be eaten and I
spent lots of time licking Sue's pussy making her climax multiple times.
I fucked Sue's tight pussy reaming  her cunt and bringing her off  until
she was near to passing out.  I got Sue so hot that she mounted my  cock
and rammed me up her tight  asshole fucking me until I filled  her sweet
asshole with loads of sperm.  Sue began to really like anal sex and once
she even pumped a  dildo up her pussy  while I reamed her  asshole doggy
style making her climax multiple times.

I was looking  forward to Wednesday  and my meeting  with Jane, Kim  and
their friend Beth.   I got some  extra rest on  Tuesday knowing how  the
girls would drain me.  Wednesday Jane called me into her office and told
me that she would  be home late because  of a unanticipated meeting  and
told me to get to her house about six o'clock.  I asked her if she would
be there by six, Jane told me  no she would only be getting home  around
ten pm but that I could entertain Kim and her friend Beth until she  got
home.  Jane made me promise to  have something left for her, I  promised
and pulled her  away from her  desk spreading her  legs and lifting  her
skirt.  Jane surprised me, by  wearing a garter belt and  nylons instead
of panty hose and to my great surprise Jane had no panties on.  I ran my
hand up her  soft inner thighs  and slipped my  fingers into her  pussy.
Jane was wet already  and I decided to  give her something to  carry her
over till tonight.  I got down  between her thighs and pulled her  skirt
up around her waist and spread her  legs up over the arms of her  chair.
Jane's pussy was wet  with her juices and  I slipped two fingers  up her
slippery cunt  and began  to lick  and suck  her stiff  clit.  Jane  was
concentrating  on  not  making  any  noise  and  I could feel her climax
building quickly.  Jane put her hand on the back of my head and  pressed
my face hard against her slit  as she climaxed bucking in the  chair and
making quiet little  moaning sounds.  I  licked up her  juices and after
she had regained her senses I straightened her clothes and got up.  Jane
kissed me and  told me to  enjoy Kim and  Beth.  I told  her I would and
told her to hurry home from her meeting.

The rest  of the  day passed  uneventfully and  I left  work about  five
thirty my  cock already  beginning to  swell in  anticipation of the hot
fucking I would soon be enjoying.  I pulled up at Jane's house and  went
to the door and ran the bell.  When the door opened Kim and a  beautiful
young looking girl were standing  naked in the doorway.  My  cock jumped
to full  erection as  Kim invited  me inside.   Kim closed  the door and
introduced me to Beth.  Beth was as beautiful as Kim her breasts were  a
bit smaller but every bit as firm and were capped by stiff pink  nipples
which I longed to  suck on.  Beth had  a small waist and  firm belly her
ass was nice and firm and her pussy was shaved revealing her pink  pussy
lips and a very long clit which was clearly exposed and excited.  Beth's
mouth and lips were  covered by a thin  sheen which I suspected  was Kim
pussy juices.  I pulled Beth to  me and fondled her tits and  kissed her
tasting Kim's juices  on her lips  and tongue.  Beth's  hands grabbed my
ass  and  pulled  me  tight  against  her  crotch pressing my stiff cock
against her pussy.  I moved my  hands down her sides and reached  around
grabbing her  firm young  ass and  spread her  cheeks rubbing my fingers
against her taught anus.  Kim was standing next to us fingering her  hot
little  pussy  and  pulling  her  stiff  nipples obviously turned on and
wanting to get in on the action.  I broke my embrace with Beth and  told
her how beautiful and  hot she looked and  suggested I get naked.   Beth
agreed telling me she wanted to get a look at my big prick.  I asked Kim
and Beth to strip me and Kim started to undo my belt while Beth  started
on my  shirt.  The  girls had  me naked  in no  time and Beth knelt down
taking my cock in  her hands stroking my  stiff prick.  Kim told  her to
take my cock in her mouth and Beth licked the pre-cum from my cock  then
slid my whole cock into her mouth and throat.  While Beth sucked my cock
I kissed Kim and worked on her hot body squeezing her nipples and finger
fucking her hot wet pussy.  Beth's mouth was taking its toll on my  cock
and I  felt my  cum rising  from my  balls as  I came filling Beth's hot
mouth and throat with a big load of sperm.  Beth fucked my cock with her
mouth until she had collected all  my cream then stood and put  her arms
around Kim and I. Kim turned her head and kissed Beth open mouthed, Beth
shared my sperm  with Kim her  tongue transferring gobs  of my cream  to
Kim's mouth as they kissed.  I pressed the young girls together in a hot
embrace and reached behind them running my hands down their asses  until
I worked a finger up each of  their hot wet pussies.  Kim and Beth  held
each  other  tightly  grinding  their  pussies  together  as I thrust my
fingers up their hot tight vaginas.

I wanted to fuck them so I pulled my fingers out of their hot cunts  and
headed for Jane's  bedroom.  Before I  could get to  the bed I  felt two
pairs of hands grabbing my ass.  I jumped on the bed followed by Kim and
Beth their firm  young tits bouncing  as they landed  next to me  on the
bed.  Kim spoke first  and wanted me to  fuck Beth right away,  I on the
other hand had other ideas.  I pushed  Beth on her back and told Kim  to
sit on her friends  face, as Kim straddled  Beth's face and lowered  her
pussy to Beth's mouth I pulled Beth's legs wide open and lowered my face
to her fragrant pussy.  I licked Beth's cunt from clit to asshole making
her moan and shake  with pleasure.  I fingered  her cunt as I  sucked on
her clit making her climax twice.  Finally I moved in and had Kim  guide
my cock up her friends hot tight  pussy.  I heard Beth moan as I  slowly
drove my prick up her young tight slit stretching her pussy and  rubbing
on her stiff clit.   I began to pump  my stiff prick up  Beth's hot cunt
making  her  climax  twice  before  I  shot  a  big load of sperm up her
convulsing cunt.   After I  pulled out  of Beth's  hot cunt  Beth pulled
Kim's head  down to  her cunt  and begged  Kim to  suck her  pussy.  Kim
licked and sucked her friends cunt sucking up my sperm and slipping  her
finger up Beth's sperm covered anus.  Kim had climaxed a number of times
on Beth's face and I moved  around behind Kim and spread her  ass cheeks
licking her hot anal pucker while  Beth continued to suck Kim's hot  wet
cunt.  Beth reached between my legs  and stroked my cock making me  hard
again.  Once I was fully erect  Beth pulled my cock towards Kim's  pussy
and I knelt  behind Kim's firm  ass as Beth  guided my stiff  prick into
Kim's hot  tight pussy.   As soon  and the  head of  my cock entered the
mouth of Kim's pussy Kim called out  to me to fuck her hard.  I  grabbed
her hips and reamed my prick balls deep into her hot wet snatch with one
long thrust making  Kim moan with  pleasure.  I fucked  Kim hard ramming
her pussy driving my  cock deep into her  tight young vagina.  Beth  was
still licking Kim's clit and I felt my balls bouncing off Beth's face as
I reamed Kim's hot wet pussy.  Kim climaxed twice before I could get off
and when I started to shoot my thick cum up Kim's hot cunt I pressed  my
finger up her pink puckered anus setting off another climax in Kim's hot
pleasure  racked  body.   Beth  was  climaxing  too  and  I saw her legs
trembling with climatic tension as I spurted my jism up Kim's hot pussy.
I continued to thrust in Kim's  hot sperm soaked slit until I  could not
continue.  I sat back and watched Beth lick up my sperm as it seeped out
of Kim's wide open cunt.

The girls continued to lick and suck each other bringing each other  off
as  I  watched  and  rested.   It  wasn't long before watching these two
beautiful girls go  at each other  got me hard  again.  I wanted  a nice
slow  relaxed  fuck  so  I  layed  back  and  stroked  my  stiff   prick
suggestively until  the girls  noticed my  pole waiting  for them.  Beth
moved over to me and grabbed my cock sucking my dick into her mouth  and
ramming it deep into  her throat as Kim  licked and sucked my  balls and
slipped her middle finger up my asshole.  The pressure of her finger  up
my asshole kept me hard and  ready while I fingered Beth's hot  slippery
slit and pink puckered anal ring.  I begged for them to fuck me and  Kim
told Beth to go get  on top of me and  ram my prick up her  pussy.  Beth
straddled my stiff cock while Kim  held my prick ready and continued  to
finger my asshole.  I grabbed Beth's firm tits and pulled her nipples as
she slowly settled onto my stiff prick.  Beth's hot tight pussy engulfed
my cock slowly as she slid down  my prick forcing my hot dick deep  into
her wet tight cunt.  Beth's tight young slit stretched to accommodate my
long her  shaft making  her clit  rub delightfully  against my throbbing
shaft and causing Beth to moan  with pleasure as my cock filled  her hot
vagina.  Kim was  helping Beth by  slipping a long  finger up the  young
girls' hot asshole making the pressure in her packed pussy even greater.
I began to hump my cock up Beth's cunt as she moaned and drove her pussy
down over my  prick ramming me  deep into her  pulsing pussy.  I  knew I
wouldn't hold out long with Beth's hot cunt sliding up and down my  cock
so I called for  Kim to sit on  my face as I  Beth fucked my prick  deep
into her hot tight slit.  Kim jumped  up and was on my mouth in  a flash
her wet shaved slit was drenched with her tasty juices and I set to work
on her tasty pussy  as I slipped two  fingers up her sperm  coated anus.
Kim was grinding her cunt into my mouth and she and Beth were pulling on
each others tits and nipples as the fucked their hot young cunts into my
cock and  mouth.  Beth  began to  climax and  I could  feel her hot cunt
milking my prick making me blast  my sperm into her hot pulsing  vagina.
Kim's pussy let loose and filled my mouth with her hot passion juices as
she ground her hot cunt against  my lips and tongue.  Both Beth  and Kim
were moaning with  passion as I  filled Beth's pussy  with my sperm  and
drank down Kim's hot pussy juice.

Beth's hot cunt massaged my cock  as she continued to pound my  prick up
her sperm soaked snatch and  pull on Kim's stiff nipples.   Beth's pussy
was so hot and tight that my prick never went down and I kept forcing my
prick  balls  deep  in  Beth's  slippery  twat until she climaxed again.
Finally Beth was to exhausted to  continue and she pulled her pussy  off
my stiff prick  and rolled on  her side on  the bed.  That's  when I saw
Jane standing between my legs, Jane was naked and from the expression on
her face she wanted to join our lust filled game.  Kim saw that my  cock
was still  stiff and  moved off  my face  crawling down  to my  cock and
mounting my stiff pole ramming me deep up her well lubricated cunt.  Kim
was very aroused despite  her recent climax on  my tongue and her  pussy
was hot  tight and  wet as  she rammed  her cunt  down over my straining
shaft forcing me deep into her quivering slit.  Jane crawled up over  my
head and sank down pressing her  sopping cunt onto my lips.  I  began to
lick and suck Jane's hot slippery slit lashing her clit and pressing  my
tongue deep  into her  pulsing pussy  making Jane  moan with passion and
call out to Beth to stand on the bed next to her so that Jane could lick
her cum filled pussy.  I watched  as Beth move next to Jane  opening her
pussy as Jane bent her head and began to lick Beth's sperm filled  slit.
I felt Jane begin to spasm and  soon tasted her first gush of hot  pussy
juices as  Jane moaned  with passion  her first  climax triggered by the
taste of Beth's sperm filled cunt.  Kim was moaning and bouncing up  and
down on my cock filling her hot pussy with my throbbing meat, stretching
her young cunt with the length  of my swollen cock.  I felt  Kim's pussy
clamp down on my thrusting penis  as her climax took over her  hot young
body and I filled her tight vagina with my cum ramming my cock up  until
I could feel the head of  my spurting tool pressing against her  cervix.
Kim kept fucking her hot tight pussy  with my cock until she was sure  I
would retain  my hard-on  then got  off leaving  my stiff  dick standing
ready.

Jane wanted to be fucked and  after sucking my cock deep into  her mouth
moved down and positioned her hot pussy over my dick facing away from me
and squatted on my  cock forcing my prick  deep up her pussy.   Jane was
like a woman possessed  and she fucked her  pussy on my prick  with hard
fast strokes ramming my  prick deep into her  shaved wet cunt.  Kim  was
laying back her legs spread her cum filled pussy wet and inviting.  Beth
slipped between  Kim's open  thighs and  licked and  sucked the cum from
Kim's hot pussy while she thrust  a finger up Kim's cunt and  another up
Kim's sperm covered anus.   Kim began to twist  and jump as Beth  worked
her sloppy holes and licked my  sperm from Kim's hot slit.  Jane  seeing
Beth's hot ass in  front of her face  spread Beth's cunt and  ass cheeks
and licked and sucked Beth's cunt and asshole making Beth hump her  rear
into Jane's face.  I  saw Jane push two  fingers up Beth's sperm  soaked
cunt then  slowly drive  those fingers  up Beth's  tight pink ass pucker
making Beth moan with pleasure.  Jane  was nearing another  climax and I
began to arch  my back driving  my cock hard  up her slippery  pussy and
making my balls slap her swollen  distended clit until I felt her  pussy
clamp around my  thrusting cock and  her climax begin.   Jane rammed her
fingers deep into Beth's hot asshole making her climax.  Beth's  moaning
into  Kim's  sodden  pussy  heightened  Kim's  pleasure and she climaxed
flooding Beth's  mouth with  even more  hot pussy  juice.  With  all the
fucking I just  couldn't cum any  more and even  the site of  Jane's hot
cunt sucking on  my swollen prick  could not coax  another load from  my
balls.  Jane was still hot and got off my cock and turned around  facing
me and asked me to fuck her up the asshole.  I smiled and told Beth  and
Kim, who were now  watching Jane to get  the KY jelly.  Kim  retrieved a
tube of the lubricant from the night stand and Beth and Kim got Jane  up
in a doggy style pose spreading her firm ass cheeks.  After a few  licks
to Jane's pussy and pink rimmed anus Kim and Beth worked in the KY jelly
fingering Jane's asshole in the  process and managing to make  Jane moan
with pleasure.  Beth and Kim brought me to Jane's rear and after sucking
my cock up to full erection Kim had Beth hold my cock to Jane's anus  as
Jane forced her tight asshole onto  my prick.   Beth was frigging Jane's
clit and  fingering Jane's  pussy as  I pressed  my long  cock deep into
Jane's hot tight anus, driving my cock deep into the recessed of  Jane's
tight rectum.

Once I had jammed my cock fully up Jane's tight butt Kim scooted  around
in  front  of  Jane  and  pulled  Jane's  face between her creamy thighs
begging Jane to eat  her pussy.  Jane began  to finger fuck her  niece's
hot cunt and cum  slick anus while she  sucked and licked Kim's  excited
clit.  Beth continued to watch my  cock slid in and out of  Jane's tight
hot  asshole  as  she  frigged  Janes  stiff  clit.  I pressed Beth down
telling her to slide under Jane's pussy and lick Jane's clit and  finger
her cunt while I fucked  Jane's tight throbbing anus.  Beth  moved under
Jane and soon had a great view of my cock reaming its way in and out  of
Jane's hot asshole.  I could feel  my climax building and urged Beth  to
lick Jane's clit and shove as  many fingers up Jane's open pussy  as she
could.  Beth began  to lick Jane's  stiff button while  she shoved three
fingers up Jane's hot wet pussy making Jane cry out with pleasure as her
climax peaked.  Jane's thunderous climax clamped her asshole hard around
my thrusting tool and caused me to  shoot a big load of sperm up  Jane's
hot asshole.  I reamed  Jane's butt as she  and I climaxed and  I filled
her tight hot rectum with my load of creamy sperm.  Kim hearing her Aunt
climax pulled on her own tits raising her fires and climaxing in  Jane's
mouth  while  holding  Jane's  face  hard  against her bucking pussy.  I
pulled my cock from Jane's now well fucked asshole and pressed her  hips
down forcing her cunt and anus into Beth's mouth.  While Beth sucked  my
sperm from Jane's hot asshole Kim, Jane and I worked on Beth's hot  cunt
and asshole making her  climax and lapping up  her sweet cum juices.   I
was out of it by now and I needed some rest so as the girls wound down I
went to the kitchen and got us each a glass of wine.  When I came back I
suggested we rest a  bit and watch some  porno tapes while we  recharged
out lust.  The girls thought that I  had a good idea and we all  trooped
out to the living room naked and covered with pussy juice and sperm  and
settled down to watch some X-rated videos.

The film  was a  amateur fuck  video involving  a family  orgy where the
father and mother were fucking  and being watched secretly by  their son
and two daughters.  The  kids, all young, watched  mom and dad go  at it
their mom sucking their fathers cock as he ate her cunt then they fucked
doggy style and  missionary until their  dad filled mom  with a load  of
sperm.  While they were watching the  son took out his cock and  stroked
himself in front of his sisters who were rubbing their pussies and tits.
The kids were so stimulated that  soon the older sister was rubbing  her
brothers  cock  while  her  younger  sister  pulled up her own skirt and
rubbed her own pussy.  The kids  decided it felt so good they  wanted to
go at it themselves.   They went back to  the son's room where  they all
stripped down and started in themselves the son fucking his older sister
doggy style while the older girl ate out her younger sisters pussy.  The
kids were lost in lust and never heard their parents outside their door.
Just as the son  was filling his older  sisters cunt with sperm  Mom and
Dad appeared  outside their  door and  peered in  unnoticed.  Instead of
rushing in and stopping their kids  Mom and Dad just watched and  played
with each other.  The older girl was now sitting on her younger  sisters
face giving her a taste of  her pussy and her brothers youthful  load of
sperm which dripped  out of her  pussy as her  sister licked her  shaved
slit.  Brother wasn't letting a good thing go to waste and he pulled his
younger  sisters  legs  apart  and  shoved  his stiff prick up her young
nearly  hairless  pussy  forcing  his  rather  long  prick deep into his
younger siblings  tight twat  pumping his  dick balls  deep in her young
tight slit.

The scene then  flashed back to  the hall where  Mom and Dad  had gotten
very hot watching their kids suck and fuck.  Both parents were naked and
Mom was down on her knees taking Dad up her slit while the both  watched
the hot scene their kids were putting on.  Finally after a bit of  scene
switching back and forth between  the kids and their parents  Dad rammed
his cock a bit too hard up Mom's cunt forcing her forward and making her
head hit the door which swung  open letting the kids see them  naked and
fucking in the hall.  There was a brief, very brief period of uneasiness
while the family  contemplated the results  of their lust.   Mom and Dad
came into the kids room and joined in the fun with their kids.  Dad  fed
his still  stiff prick  to his  oldest daughter,  filling her  mouth and
throat with his hot stiff prick.  While Dad filled the older girls  face
Mom  knelt  next  to  her  daughters  licking the younger girls tits and
pulling on the older girls nipples.  This display must have excited  the
son even  more and  he began  to hump  his younger  sister hard and fast
making her climax while he filled her tight young pussy with his  sperm.
After he pulled out his Mom grabbed his sperm coated cock and sucked him
down her throat coaxing his dick  to remain stiff.  Dad in the  meantime
was fucking his cock deep into his older daughters mouth as she rode her
young sister's  face moaning  and twisting.   Dad started  to climax and
filled his daughters  mouth to overflowing  with his hot  sperm.  As the
older girl drank down her fathers load she climaxed on her sisters mouth
wetting the young girls face  and neck with her pussy  juice.  Meanwhile
Mom had sucked her  son up to a  new erection and maneuvered  him behind
her as she lowered her mouth to her younger daughters sperm soaked  slit
licking her pussy and sucking up her son's cream from between her  young
daughters cunt lips.  The son  spread his Mothers pussy and  asshole and
licked her from clit to asshole for  a bit then at her urging he  rammed
his cock up his Mom's hot pussy ramming his dick deep and hard into  her
wet cunt making her ass cheeks jump and her large firm tits shake as  he
pounded his cock up his mothers hot slit.  Dad in the meantime had  both
daughters sucking  his cock  the younger  daughter laving  his balls and
asshole as his older daughter stroked his cock hard and sucked the  head
of his swollen prick.

I looked around at the girls  and found that they all had  their fingers
stuffed up their pussies and were pulling on their stiff nipples as  the
watched the film progress.  Dad was ready again and he moved behind  his
oldest  daughter,  his  stiff  swollen  cock  ready  and throbbing.  The
younger girl held her sister's pussy open and guided her father's  stiff
prick up her sisters pussy.  Dad  made a great show of stuffing  his big
cock up his daughters cunt while his younger daughter licked up and down
his cock  as he  slowly sank  it into  the older  girls stretched pussy.
Finally when he had his whole dick up his daughter Dad began to fuck her
with long hard  strokes as her  sister licked her  clit and pussy  lips.
The younger sister's body was twisting under her older sister as her mom
ate her tight pussy and she watched her dad fuck her older sister.   The
camera focused in on the mother and son action and we watched as her son
rammed his cock deep  into his mother's pussy  and filled her cunt  with
his sperm as his mom shook  with climax and pulled on her  stiff nipples
to intensify her pleasure.   His climax over the  son pulled out of  his
mother and moved over feeding his  cum covered cock to his older  sister
as Dad pounded  his cock up  her tight cunt.   Dad's face was  contorted
with fuck lust and as his son filled his oldest daughters mouth with his
cock and pulled on  her young firm tits  Dad came filling his  daughters
pussy  with  his  sperm  until  it  seeped  out and was licked up by her
younger  sister.   The  film  continued  with  Mom eating out her eldest
daughter  sucking  her  husbands  load  from her daughters swollen pussy
while her younger daughter licked her son's load from her mother's sperm
filled  pussy.   Dad  and  his  son  just  sat  back watching the mother
daughter threesome while stroking their cocks.  Once Dad and his son had
regained their erections and the  mother daughter trio had brought  each
other to climax the guys got  back into the action.  Dad layed  down and
his younger daughter was positioned  over his stiff cock and  her mother
guided her  father's stiff  long cock  into her  small tight pussy.  The
look of lust  on the young  girls face was  very exciting as  she slowly
forced her  fathers big  cock up  her tight  young cunt.   Meanwhile her
brother and older sister were sucking on her small firm tits and mom was
leaning over to  lick her stiff  clit which was  clearly exposed as  her
Dad's big prick  stretched her pussy  lips into a  thin line around  his
hard fat cock.  Once the young  girl had her fathers prick fully  buried
in her tight pussy she began a slow up and down rhythm sliding her dad's
prick deep into her pussy on  each stroke.  Mom seeing her daughter  was
doing dad just fine ordered her older daughter to sit on her dad's face.
The girl moved quickly forcing her wet shaved snatch to her dad's  mouth
feeling his tongue lash her clit and lave her wet tasty cunt lips.

Mom in the meantime had spotted her son's stiff erection and pushed  him
down on his back and mounted his stiff prick.  Mom fucked her son  until
she had a hot climax then backed off and guided her son's stiff prick up
her asshole.  The boys  face show off his  pleasure as his mom  sank his
cock deep up her tight asshole fucking his dick deep into her anus  with
each downward plunge.   The girls started  to climax the  youngest first
her pussy stretched to  the limit by her  dad's big prick and  his sperm
leaking out around her pussy  lips.  The older daughter climaxed  on her
dad's face drenching him  with her sweet juices  and then licked up  the
sperm  seeping  out  of  her  sister's  cock filled pussy.  Mom began to
climax and  we could  see her  son's cum  boil out  around her pink anal
pucker as she  continued to ram  her son's cock  deep into her  hot ass.
The film  ended with  the whole  family in  bed together  naked the  son
fucking his younger sister up  the asshole with long slow  strokes while
mom ate  the young  girls cunt  and her  daughter sucked  her pussy  and
asshole.  The older  girl was up  doggy style watching  her mom eat  her
sisters cunt while her brother fucked  her sister up the ass.  Dad  took
advantage of her position to work  his cock up her pussy again  and then
switched to her  asshole forcing his  cock deep up  his eldest daughters
hot pink anus while pulling on her young stiff nipples.  The film  wound
to  a  close  as  they  all  climaxed  father and son filling their fuck
partners assholes with  a big load  of sperm.  Needless  to say watching
the film had gotten us all very horny again and my cock was as stiff  as
when I had first arrived.  Beth spoke first and related how hot she  had
gotten when the girls started to  take cock up their assholes and  asked
Jane and Kim if it hurt much.   Jane and Kim both assured her that  when
properly done there was almost no pain at all and once learned anal  sex
was a fantastic experience.  I waved my cock at the girls and  suggested
we retire to the  bedroom and try it  out.  Beth was the  first to agree
but told me she wanted to see Kim take me up her ass first.  Kim  smiled
and bent over spreading her ass cheeks as a welcome sign to my throbbing
dick.  We all  headed back to  the bedroom to  finish our evenings  lust
filled activities.

Jane and Beth got Kim up  doggy style and while Jane frigged  Kim's clit
and pulled on  her stiff nipples  Beth greased Kim's  tight asshole with
the KY jelly making  sure to get plenty  of the slippery stuff  up Kim's
tight butt.   Kim was  nearing climax  already as  Beth thrust first one
then two and finally three  fingers up her friends tight  asshole.  Beth
then came over to me and sucked my stiff cock into her mouth pulling  my
cock deep into her throat as she pressed her now slippery finger into my
asshole.  Jane told  Beth to bring  me over and  I move in  on Kim's hot
tight asshole as I watched Jane stuffing her fingers up her niece's  hot
cunt.  Beth held my cock to Kim's pink puckered ass hole and urged me to
drive my cock up Kim's tight anus.  I told Jane to let Kim eat pussy and
as she moved into position and pulled Kim's head to her sopping pussy  I
told  Beth  to  crawl  under  Kim  and  watch  my cock go up Kim's tight
asshole.  Beth had a wild look in her eyes as she slid under Kim's  wide
spread legs and brought her face  up to Kim's dripping cunt.  I  pressed
forward a bit and  stuffed the head of  my cock into Kim's  pulsing pink
ass pucker stretching her sphincter and forcing the head of my cock into
her tight butt.  Kim began to moan and beg for more but I held still  to
allow her  asshole to  adjust to  my cock.   Before I  could continue my
passage into her hot  ass Kim forced her  ass back ramming my  dick deep
into her pulsing tight asshole.   My balls were tight against  her pussy
lips and I could  feel Beth licking my  cum filled balls as  Kim's tight
anus milked my cock.   I began to thrust  hard into Kim's tight  asshole
while she ate Jane's  pussy.  Beth was pulling  on Kim's tits while  she
licked Kim's cunt  and clit making  Kim climax repeatedly  her hot tight
asshole squeezing my cock like a hot tight fist.  I knew I couldn't hold
out long and decided to ram my cock deep into Kim's asshole and fill her
hot slick butt  with my sperm.   I shoved my  dick deep into  her orgasm
ridden bowels and shot a big load of sperm up her convulsing rectum.   I
rammed my  spurting dick  into Kim's  anus and  watched Jane convulse in
passion as Kim's hot tongue lashed her stiff clit.  I pulled my cock out
of Kim's tight ass and Beth grabbed it stuffing my prick into her  mouth
and sucking my dick very hard.  I  was a bit startled but as Beth's  hot
mouth and tongue worked on my  dick my cock started to harden  again and
by the time I  realized what was going  on Jane and Kim  had Beth's legs
spread wide  and Jane  was eating  Beth's pussy  while Kim sucked Beth's
small  firm  tits.   Beth  was  twisting  from  all the pleasure she was
receiving and her mouth  was working my cock  up to a massive  erection.
Beth's climax gripped her whole body and I pulled my cock out of her hot
mouth for fear she  would bite me during  her climax.  Beth shook  for a
full two minutes before her  firm young body regained control  of itself
and it took even longer before her breathing returned to normal.

Beth was ready for anything and I pushed my stiff prick between her lips
letting her  suck me  as I  moved over  her licking  my way  down to her
sopping cunt and sucking her  large stiff clit.  Finally Beth  pulled my
cock from her mouth and told me she was ready for me to fuck her up  the
ass.  Kim and Jane helped Beth up doggy style and I moved in forcing  my
cock up her pussy reaming her  slowly as Jane and Kim lubricated  Beth's
tight pink anus with KY jelly.  Jane move under Beth and started to lick
her clit and Kim pulled on Beth's stiff nipples while I pumped Beth to a
nice slow orgasm.  I pulled out of Beth's hot pussy and had Kim guide my
cock to Beth's  hot asshole.  Kim  rubbed the head  of my dick  back and
forth over Beth's quivering asshole slowly pressing the head of my stiff
prick into Beth's tight pink anus.  Beth was panting with pleasure as  I
started to press my dick into her tight young asshole.  Beth's anal ring
slowly  gave  way  and  let  the  head  of my big dick enter her pulsing
rectum.  Once I  had the head  of my cock  past her sphincter  I stopped
pushing and let her taught young butt  get used to the size of my  stiff
prick.  Once Beth started to move around a bit I slowly pressed my  cock
up her rectum going slowly as  I stretched her asshole forcing my  thick
long prick  up her  hot anal  channel.  Kim  played with  my balls  as I
inched my cock into  Beth's asshole until I  had my dick all  the way up
Beth's ass.  Beth turned her head and asked me if I was all the way  in,
I nodded and Beth told me to fuck her ass until she couldn't take it any
more.  Despite her obvious desire I started out slowly thrusting  gently
with  short  strokes  until  I  felt  her  ass  start  to  relax and her
pleasurable moaning start.  I knew I could really fuck her hot ass  when
I saw beth lower  her face to Jane's  pussy and begin to  eat Jane's hot
cunt.  I told  Kim to suck  Beth's tits and  picked up my  pace stroking
full length into Beth's hot tight asshole.  Beth started to climax and I
could hear  Jane licking  up Beth's  hot juices  as her  pussy began  to
release  her  orgasmic  flow.   I  was  ramming  hard and deep in Beth's
asshole now and her moans were loud and long as multiple climaxes washed
over her hot young  body.  Finally I could  not hold out any  longer and
with a final flurry  of strokes I buried  my cock in her  tight hot butt
and filled her pulsing rectum with my sperm.  Being totally fucked out I
pulled gently out of Bet's asshole  and sat back as Kim came  around and
sucked on Beth's still open asshole licking my sperm from her asshole.

We were all sated and after a quick shower tumbled back in bed  together
and fell asleep.  I never woke until the morning and found Beth and  Kim
laying next to me their hot hands  on my cock and balls.  Jane was  gone
already and I knew I had to  leave soon to.  Before I left I  managed to
fuck Beth alone in the living room while we watched parts of the film we
had seen  the night  before.  As  I left  I heard  Beth waking Kim up by
sitting on  her face  and giving  her a  taste of  my latest load.  This
wasn't  the  last  of  my  good  fortune  with  Jane and her friends and
relations and some time  I will get around  to relating the hot  times I
had when her sister came to visit.

--
