Archive-name: Bondage/boss01.txt
Archive-author: Dr. Phil
Archive-title: Boss, The - Part 1


  Maryanne Whitaker strode confidently into the main office. She
looked around at the staff assembled there and smiled inwardly. She
could sense that they all feared her, and with good reason. She was
the boss... 
  She had started this company over eight years ago and had built
it into a multi-million dollar import/export business. She had
hired every person in the room, paid them very well, and didn't
have the slightest hesitation to fire any one of them, and she made
sure they knew it. 
  Her presence alone was enough to inspire awe and fear. She stood
5'9" tall, but with her heels on she was just over 6 feet. She was
45 years old and dressed in slacks, blouse, and a double-breasted
jacket. In addition she wore a scarf around her neck, expensive
jewelry on her fingers and a diamond brooch on her lapel. Her hair
was black and pulled into a small bun at the back of her head...
  
  Maryanne had not always been the boss. Ten years ago she was
married and worked as her husband's secretary. Their marriage had
slowly gone sour and they eventually divorced. After dividing up
the community property and paying legal fees, she walked away with
about $35,000 and her clothes. Her ex-husband told her that she'd
better spend it slowly because she'd be living in a shelter or
selling her ass on the streets when that was gone.
  Maryanne was determined to show him that she could make it on her
own. She'd show ALL of them, dammit! And she did. She risked the
entire $35,000 to start up her own import/export business. That's
what her husband's business had been and she had learned enough to
know how to make it work.
  She set a goal of making her first million before she was 40. She
beat that by one year. At 45, she was worth over three million
dollars and had a thriving business with a dozen employees. Her
husband was the most surprised at her accomplishments, and also
bitter. He had fallen on hard times about five years ago and his
business went under. He was now working for someone else and living
in an apartment with his girlfriend, who was a cocktail waitress.

  Maryanne's eyes fell sharply on Michele's lithe young form. She
despised that cunt for her youth and good looks and only kept her
around because she enjoyed bossing her around.
  "Michele. I'd like to see you in my office."
  Michele sighed and shook her head very slightly, but immediately
got up and followed the older woman into her office. When she
arrived Maryanne was already seated behind her large polished desk.
  "Please shut the door and sit down." 
  Michele complied and looked across the desk to meet her boss's
eyes. Maryanne seemed almost amused as she began to speak:
  "Michele, I thought that after our last little talk you'd show an
improvement here at work. I can see that our conversation has had
very little effect on you."
  "What! I don't know what you mean. I've been working hard every
day. I'm on time every day and I do my job well."
  "That's just the point! You do your job. That's all it is to you.
I pay you damn good money and I want to see HUSTLE, not just doing
your job."
  "Come off it, Maryanne. Everyone else out there is scared
shitless of you, but not me. I make that office run efficiently.
You know that. Without me you'd be working a 16 hour day."
  Maryanne looked shocked at the younger woman's impertinence.
"Don't you dare spout off like that to me! I can replace you in a
day, and at half the salary. I should fire you for your
insubordination. Another word and I will!"
  Michele bit her lip but continued to meet the older woman's
stare. Neither would blink. Finally Michele looked down and sighed.
Maryanne had won again.
  "That's better" she smiled smugly. "I have a special little job
for you, Michele. Think of it as your last chance to prove yourself
to me because, I swear, the next time you get me mad you're
history!"
  Michele fidgeted a bit and continued looking at her hands in her
lap.
  "I want you to go through every single file in this office,
revamp the filing system so that every order can be called up by
name OR by date OR by commodity. I'm talking about every file in
this office and that, my dear, goes back eight years."
  Michele looked shocked as the monumental size of the task set in.
  "And..." Maryanne continued. "I need it done by Monday
morning..."
  Michele gasped. It was already Friday afternoon!
  "... or you're fired. Do you understand me?"
  "You can't do that. That'll take the entire weekend and I told
you over a week ago that I had important plans for Saturday night."
  "That's just tough. I don't give a shit about your plans. You've
been an impertinent little snot and this job is punishment. That's
right, I said PUNISHMENT! If you're going to act like a little snot
then that's how you're going to get treated from now on. Now it's
up to you how you spend your weekend, I don't really care,  but if
the work isn't done by 8:00am Monday morning, you're fired!"
  Michele was livid, but she held it in. That bitch KNEW she had
plans to go to a play in the city on Saturday. She had sent away
for the tickets over THREE MONTHS ago! She thought seriously about
telling Maryanne what she could do with her job but instead she got
up and walked out the door. Her co-workers could see how upset she
was but she made it clear that she didn't want to talk about it.

  At 4:45 Maryanne walked out into the main office with her leather
briefcase.
  "Have a good weekend all. I've got to be going. Got a big weekend
planned. See you all Monday morning!"
  Michele gave the finger to Maryanne's retreating back and
muttered `bitch' under her breath after the door had closed.
Fifteen minutes later the rest of the staff began filing out,
leaving Michele alone.
  She sighed, shook her head, and began to get to work...


  Three hours later she paused for a bite to eat. She had just
gotten through the tip of the iceberg and she knew she'd be lucky
to finish by Monday even if she slept at the office both nights.
After her break she got back to work. She was trying to assemble
all of the files into one location and was now in Maryanne's
office, going through her credenza. On an impulse she decided to
open the center drawer to Maryanne's desk and rummage around. The
usual shit was there. 
  In a sudden outburst of anger she yanked the drawer completely
out, spilling the contents all over the floor. After she had calmed
down she knelt down and started to try to get the drawer back into
the desk. It was then that she felt the keybox...
  It was glued underneath the desk, above where the drawer slid in
and out. It could not be seen or felt unless someone knew where to
look. She popped open the latch and a small key fell into her hand.
  Michele stared at the key for a full minute, then got up and
decided she had some more looking around to do.

  It wasn't as difficult as she thought it would be. She was
prepared to spend the night searching the office if she had to, but
she lucked out and found a hidden nook behind the large picture on
the wall near the bookcase. She held her breath and inserted the
key. It fit! She turned the key and pulled the heavy door open. It
was that simple.
  Michele didn't know what to expect: jewelry, cash, stock
certificates. What she found was books...

  For the next hour Michele poured over the books. This was
incredible! It was all documented right there before her. Maryanne
had grown her import/export business so quickly because she had on
occasion used her contacts to smuggle cocaine into the country!
  It was all there.... names, dates, amounts. It was incredible.
She hadn't done business with them in over two years, but the
information was all there down to the last detail. There was enough
evidence there to put several highly placed Colombian-Americans in
Federal prison for life! And her along with them!
  Michele looked up from the books and a large smile began to
spread across her face. She finished putting the center drawer back
in the desk then sat down in the large chair and began to formulate
her plan. It was going to be a long weekend after all, but she
wouldn't be doing any filing. Fuck the play. She had less than 60
hours to get her plan together...

  On Monday morning the staff slowly began arriving at work. At
8:10 Maryanne walked in, dressed as usual in her slacks and jacket
and carrying her brieface.
  She glanced around the room and when she didn't see Michele she
sighed and stormed into her office. She was shocked to see Michele
sitting in her large chair with her feet up and crossed on her oak
desk. There were loose files carelessly stacked on the floor and a
small cart against the wall.
  "What's the meaning of this? Get your feet off my desk!"
  Michele just smirked, then uncrossed her legs and deliberately
recrossed them with the lower one on top. She held a manila
envelope in her hand and carelessly tossed it towards her enraged
boss. It landed on the floor at her feet.
  "Pick it up, bitch. I think you'll find it interesting reading.
I certainly did."
  Maryanne was livid with rage but she stooped down to pick up the
envelope, leaning her briefcase against a chair as she got up. She
glanced at Michele, who was still smiling at her, then tore open
the envelope. As soon as she saw the documents her face paled and
she gasped.
  "Where did you get these?" she asked quietly, not looking up.
  "Right where you left them, bitch. You'll notice they're
photocopies. I have the originals hidden away real well. I also had
several other copies made."
  "This is dangerous stuff you're playing with, kid." the older
woman said menacingly.
  "Oh, don't you worry your raggedy old ass over me, bitch. If
anything happens to me, anything at all, I have more than one
friend who has instructions to drop her folder into the mailbox.
It'll find its way to the DEA and you're toast. Literally toast." 
 "I've also prepared copies which will be sent to your Colombian
friends. They'll be real interested to know that you kept such
meticulous records of their transactions. The note I added explains
that you're using the info to turn state's evidence and save your
own ass. They won't like that at all... no, no.... not at all." 
  She chuckled, then continued: "They'll find you, bitch. There's
no place you can hide, and when they do they'll kill you slowly. I
read about how they killed their last informer. She was a cunt just
like you. They took her away to a secluded house in the country.
The book said that they kept her there for over a month, killing
her a little at a time. Every week they'd cut off an arm, then a
leg. After four weeks she was just a torso with four stumps and a
head. They tied a rope in her hair and hung her naked in the garden
for a week. Each day they tortured her helpless torso. They snipped
off her clit and fried her ass. They had great fun watching her
bounce her ass up and down on the hot plate. On and off. On and
off, all day long. The next day they hooked her twat up to a car
battery and watched her bounce around like a puppet on the end of
a string. They covered her with shit and let flies swarm and crawl
over her for two days while they laughed. The day after that they
finally killed her."
  Maryanne's face was white as a ghost. Her mouth was open and her
lips were completely dry.
  "W-what do you want?" she stammered, beaten.
  "Everything" replied Michele, then began to laugh.

  "The only thing that's keeping you alive right now is my desire
to humiliate you for being such a bitch. If you don't obey me in
every respect, or when I just get tired of you, the envelopes go in
the mail. Got that, twat?"
  Maryanne just shook her head, defeated. There were tears in her
eyes.
  "I said, got that twat?" Michele repeated louder and more
menacingly.
  "Yes"
  "No, twat. It's yes `Mistress'. You got that?"
  "Y-yes, M-mistress..."
  Michele stuck her tongue in her cheek mischievously and looked up
and down Maryanne's form. Maryanne had her `bitch' clothes on -
high heels and power suit. Her hair was pulled into a tight bun.
This was going to be fun...

  "Strip, twat. Take off everything."
  "B-but, the others are just outside!" Maryanne panicked.
  "Don't worry about them. Just worry about me. Strip! Now!"
  Maryanne slowly took off her scarf and jacket, then began
unbuttoning the buttons on her blouse. She pulled it off and stood
there in her bra and slacks.
  "Hurry up!" Michele told her, exasperated. I'm gonna whip your
ass if you make me have to tell you to hurry one more time."
  Michele actually enjoyed watching the older woman fumble as she
undressed. She could see how much it was embarrassing her and she
thrilled in watching her as she unzipped her slacks and pushed them
down. She had to step out of her shoes, then she pulled the slacks
off her ankles and stood straight again.. Maryanne reached behind
herself and released the catch on her bra. She let it drop to the
floor revealing a fairly nice set of tits. Not bad for a 45 year
old cunt. A little saggy, but not much. The aureoles were large and
brown. There were a few freckles on her chest.
  Maryanne looked at Michele for mercy, but when she found the
younger woman staring menacingly at her she hooked her thumbs into
her pantyhose and began pulling them down. She bent over and pushed
them down to her feet, then pulled them completely off.
  Without her heels on she was about Michele's height as she stood
there now in just her white panties. She gulped, then grabbed the
waistband and tugged them down. When she stepped out of them she
was left standing there completely naked with one hand over her
bush and the other vainly trying to cover her breasts.
  "Don't get bashful with me, twat. Put your hands on top of your
head. Wait a minute. Take those rings off, too. Give them to me.
Now put your hands on your head."

  Maryanne's body was actually in pretty good shape for her age.
Her two nights a week doing aerobics had certainly helped to keep
her toned but she still looked like she could lose about 10 pounds.
All in all, though, not bad.
  Unlike her jet-black hair, her bush had a little gray mixed in
with it. No problem, Michele planned to shave her pussy and keep it
that way.
  "Get down on the floor, twat. On your hands and knees, like a
real bitch."
  Maryanne got down and knelt there. She couldn't look up at the
gloating young woman but she could hear her chuckling."
  "Look at me, twat. From now on, that's your name. twat. No,
`smelly twat', that's better. You got it? What's your name?"
  "smelly twat"
  Michele took a step forward and slapped her face hard.
  "What did you say?!"
  "smelly twat.... err... smelly twat, Mistress."
  "That's better."
  Michele walked over and grabbed one of the bent wood straight
back chairs that was against the wall. She put it right in the
middle of the office and sat down on it.
  "Come here, smelly twat. Lay down across my lap. I'm going to
give you a spanking..."
  Maryanne gasped but crawled forward, then got up and laid down
across Muchele's lap. Her hands touched the floor on one side and
her legs stuck out straight on the other.
  Michele took great pleasure in rubbing and molding her white
asscheeks. She pinched them and laughed as she saw Maryanne jump
and gasp. Finally she lifted her hand into the air and brought it
down with a loud slap.
  Maryanne let out a startled yelp of pain. There was a red
handprint on her left asscheek. In spite of the aerobics, 45 years
has to add at least a tiny bit of cellulite and her ass jiggled a
little over the younger girl's lap. Laughing, Michele raised her
hand back up and continued raining down blow after blow on the
doomed posterior.
  The sounds of the spanking could be clearly heard in the main
office. The rest of the workers glanced at each other and crowded
near the door. Bill tentatively opened the door just to make sure
that nothing was seriously wrong and his jaw hung open as he saw
his boss squirming naked across the lap of Michele.
  The rest of the workers crowded in the doorway. Some were
shocked, some were smiling. A couple even laughed.
  "Come on in. I want you to meet someone."
  Everyone began crowding into the office. Michele hadn't let up on
the spanking one bit. In fact she seemed to be slapping even harder
as she enjoyed the helpless squirmings of her bitch boss.
  "I want you all to meet `smelly twat'. Say hello to the nice
people, smelly twat."
  Maryanne sobbed and managed to choke out a "hello" in between
slaps.
  I want you all to know that there's going to be some changes
around here. From now on, I'm running the show. Bill, you're my
assistant. Smelly twat is here for one reason and one reason only.
To be punished.
  There was a gasp from the crowd at this, and some more giggling.
The men looked on with watering mouths. Maryanne was completely
naked and draped over the lap of the fully dressed Michele. Her
jiggling ass was being spanked to a bright shade of red while the
clothes she had worn into the office just a short while ago were
piled up on the floor near her briefcase. Her breasts flopped over
the other side of Michele's legs and wobbled obscenely as she
wiggled to try to get her ass away from the punishing slaps.
  On and on, the spanking continued. Each blow resounding through
the room. Maryanne was wailing and sobbing. She began begging for
Michele to stop. A few of the others in the office began clapping
in time with the spanks. Some whistled. They all jeered. 
  After at least 50 hard spanks Michele stopped. Maryanne was
squirming around and crying. Michele pushed her to the floor.
  "Stop that sniveling, this instant!"
  Maryanne tried to stop but she was hyperventilating. Tears
streamed down her face. She held her poor ass in both her hands and
rubbed it, trying to ease the burning.
  While she was trying to regain her composure, Michele took a
handful of papers and dropped them on the floor next to her.
  "I've got stuff for you to sign, smelly twat. I've had papers
drawn up giving sole ownership of the company to me. You relinquish
all rights and claims by signing these papers. Do it!"
  Maryanne hesitated just a minute, but she knew she had absolutely
no choice. She took the pen that was handed to her and signed the
papers turning the company over to Michele.
  "Bob, you're a Notary. Notarize these signatures, please."
  "My pleasure, Michele. Or should I say, boss?"
  "`Michele' is just fine, but from now on I AM the boss..." She
looked down at Maryanne and smirked.
  "Very good, smelly twat, but we're not through here yet. In your
firebox I found the deed to your house, the title to your car, your
stock portfolio and your savings accounts. I want them ALL signed
over to me, right now!"
  Maryanne wiped tears away from her eyes with her left hand as her
right hand signed away everything that she owned to Michele.
Everything that she'd worked so hard for. She was left, literally,
with nothing.
  While she was signing the papers and Bob was notorizing them,
Michele took scissors and began cutting all of Maryanne's clothes
into small pieces, then tossed them into a wastebasket.
  "Very good, bitch. I now own your company, your house, your
savings and your car. You don't even own the clothes on your back.
You have nothing!" she gloated at the naked woman at her feet.
  "Here, I've got something for you to wear..." Michele produced a
dog collar and fastened it around Maryanne's neck.
  "That's the only piece of clothing you will ever wear, from now
on. Say `Thank you Mistress'".
  "T-thank you, M-mistress"
  "Good!" Now I want you to crawl around here in front of your
former employees. Wiggle your ass and bark like the bitch you are.
Go on, do it!"
  There were gasps and bursts of laughter as Maryanne began
crawling around on the floor. She paused to put her head down and
wiggle her ass, then said `woof! woof!' as she shivered in shame.
  While she was occupied doing this Michele was busy rolling out
the small cart that was against the wall. She had got a cart and
modified it over the weekend by attaching clamps and eyebolts to
the edges. The cart was metal and had four casters. The top was
flat and it stood about 30 inches high.
  "Enough, bitch." She patted the top of the cart with her hand.
"Climb up here and lie down on your back."
  Maryanne hesitantly stood up. She looked around at all of the
laughing eyes in the room, then she turned around and rested her
rump on the edge of the cart. She steadied herself with her hands
and leaned back till she lay prone on top of the cold metal cart.
Her legs dangled over the edge and she fidgeted to get comfortable.
  "Don't worry about that. Move back down a bit. Let your ass hang
over the edge too, It'll only be for a minute."
  Michele took a pair of handcuffs and snapped them onto Maryanne's
wrists. She pulled them over her head and attached them to an
eyebolt on the edge of the cart so that her arms were fastened down
above her head. She then took a leather cuff with a D-ring and
placed it around Maryanne's left ankle. She pulled her ankle
straight up into the air, then back towards the head of the cart.
She pushed down till her knee was touching the top of the cart
beside her head and fastened the cuff to the corner of the cart.
Likewise she took another cuff and fastened her right ankle the
same way, attaching it to the other corner of the cart. The
aerobics had helped keep her flexible enough to bend her almost
double.
  By tying her arms and legs back like that, Maryanne found herself
resting on the upper part of her back and shoulders. Her ass was
lifted straight up into the air. With her legs fastened wide apart
on either side of her, her reddened ass was the topmost part of her
body. Her asshole winked out at the crowd with a curved asscheek on
either side. Her cunt was just below it pointing slightly towards
Maryanne's head. Both were completely exposed for everyone to see
in extreme detail.
  "P-please! Don't d-do this to me!" Maryanne begged. "Have a
little decency. Please!"
  "Shut up, cunt. The only sounds I want to hear out of that slit
in your face are moans. Start moaning. Like you were in the throes
of deep orgasm!" Michele lauhed and a couple of the office girls
giggled. She slapped Maryanne's upturned ass hard "I said let's go!
Now, bitch!"
  Maryanne began moaning as she sobbed. She tried moving around a
little in her confinement but it did nothing more than wiggle her
ass some more. While she was doing this Michele got some scissors
and began trimming back her pubic bush. When Maryanne paused and
gasped at what was happening Michele slapped her again on her
helpless ass, leaving a dark handprint on the already pink
assflesh.
  "Don't stop. They love it! Don't you guys?"
  "Yeah! Sure! The bitch is getting what she deserves!..."
  Maryanne didn't have a single supporter in the room. On the
contrary, they all seemed to revel in her debasement.
  Michele finished trimming then took a razor and some cream. She
quickly scraped away every hair from around Maryanne's cunt, even
taking the time to get at the little hairs in the gully of her ass.
  When she was finished she invited each of the employees to feel
Maryanne's ass and smooth cunt. The men jumped at the chance! Even
the women obliged and Michele noticed with satisfaction that it was
the women who were more inclined to pinch her cunt lips cruelly or
give little slaps to her already red ass. Maryanne had been worse
to the women in her office and now they were getting their revenge!
  
  "Well now, smelly twat, you look pretty good up there! That's
where you belong and, by God, that's where you're going to stay!
Just like that, all day, every day. We'll let you down at lunchtime
for a short while but then it's right back up on the cart again. On
display for everybody to see!"
  "Sandi, I've got a special assignment for you."
  Sandi was the youngest girl in the office. She tore her eyes away
from the naked form before her to look at Michele.
  "Smelly twat is going to be spending every night in this office.
Every morning from now on, after everyone's arrived, I want you to
make sure she's all cleaned up. You will unfasten her from the
table. You will clip this leash on her and make her crawl into the
bathroom. You will supervise her as she goes to the bathroom and
make sure she cleans herself. You will also make sure that she
shaves her pussy and ass each morning. I don't want to find any
stubble when I spank her. You got that?"
  "Uh... I guess...."
  "Don't guess. Do it! You wouldn't want to trade places with
smelly twat, would you?"
  Sandi gasped. She looked back at her former boss on the cart and
shuddered! How could Maryanne bear the incredible shame of being
bound that way for all to see? On display to everybody! Spanked and
tied with her reddened ass up in the air! No, Sandi didn't want to
wind up like that. She could never bear the shame...
  "Ummm. Yes. I'll do it. I don't mind coming in early."
  "Good."
  Michele had been lightly rubbing Maryanne's ass while she spoke.
Now she took her middle finger and slowly inserted it into
Maryanne's gaping asshole.
  "Unnnnghhh!" Maryanne moaned and twisted.
  "That's what I like to hear! You're going to be kept tied like
this all day, every day, but you're not going to be bored! You're
going to be kept squirming like this all day long!" Michele slowly
pulled her finger out, then slapped her ass twice. She then
reinserted her finger and began jiggling it up and down, just a
little.
  "We're gonna do this in shifts. Every hour someone's going to
have the responsibility for teasing you up. You'll be kept ever so
close to orgasm. When you get too close we'll stop and watch you
wiggle for a while. Then it's back up to the edge! To make things
even more interesting I bought you a little friend."
  Michele took out a large vibrating dildo. She teased it around
Maryanne's clit a bit then inserted it in her gaping cunt. She
stuffed it in as far as it would go, then switched it on. The
buzzing made Maryanne start to buck in her bonds. She groaned and
couldn't help thrashing her head from side to side and moaning. It
went for a minute, then turned off.
  "There's a timer built into this vibrator. It stays on for a
minute, then off for three, back on for a minute, off for three...
It'll cycle like that forever or until the batteries wear out.
Another one of Sandi's chores will be to put fresh batteries into
the vibrator every morning.
  Just then the vibrator clicked on again and they all watched and
laughed as Maryanne began moaning and bucking again. Just as
before, it shut off after a minute. Maryanne was left sweating and
whimpering. It was amazing but they could actually see the
sphincter of her asshole opening and closing as if it were gulping
for air! Poor Maryanne! Was it really only an hour ago that she had
walked into the office so imperiously, looking to ream out Michele?
At that time she was the boss, a millionaire, with the whole world
in her hand... <click!> the vibrator turned back on again and the
moans were like music to Michele's ears!

--
