                         Bound for Fun I
                A lesson about belief, and trust
                         An Erotic Story

     "For the next 6 hours, she's yours.  You can do anything  to
her  you  want  and  make her do anything  you  want.   The  only
restriction, is NOTHING permanent."
     She looked at me sternly.
     I  couldn't believe it.  This woman was giving me free  rein
to  do  just about anything I pleased with her little  girl.   My
cock  strained at my trousers at the thought.  June  looked  down
and  saw the lump in my pants, and actually smiled.  "I  can  see
that you know what I mean."  She said.
     It was all I could do, to keep from losing it, and wasting a
gallon  of  sperm down my trouser-legs.  Still, thinking  of  the
girl waiting in the other room, for my "services", was  restraint
enough.  I managed to force myself to breathe easier.
     "What  do you mean by permanent."  I asked, to be  sure.   I
wasn't  going to blow getting a second chance, by  going  outside
her rules.
     "For  now,"   She  said.  "I mean nothing  that  would  last
beyond tomorrow morning.  She's got to go to school tomorrow, and
she's in swimming class, and she wears a bikini.  No bruises,  no
broken  bones,  no piercing of any kind, not even  earrings.   No
skin-breaking  of any kind, such as scrapes, cuts,  abrasions  or
most especially tattoos.  And NO blood.  If Lynn wants to do  any
of these things, and I decide she can, I want to be here to  make
sure you don't go too far.  Understand?"
     I nodded.  I did.
     "I'm  not quite sure you do."  She said.  June looked at  me
with  steel in her eyes.  "I'm giving you permission to  do  just
about  anything you want to my little girl.  But let me tell  you
something.  If I come back, and Lynn's been 'damaged' in any way,
you'll be peeing out of a hole where your prick used to be.  Do I
make myself clear?"
     She  had.   "Uh.   You  said 'No  blood.'   What  about  her
virginity?"
     "She's  been using tampon's for over a year now.  That's  no
problem."
     Maybe  not, but it brought up another one.  "Uh?  Does  your
idea  of 'permanent' damage include pregnancy?"  I wanted  to  be
sure.   We  both  knew I'd be  screwing  this  delectable  piece,
probably before she got to the mall.
     "Normally,  that would be up to her."  She said,  giving  me
that  steely look again.  My hopes rose.  Did she mean, that  she
WANTED me to knock the kid up?  I was brought down to earth, when
she  continued.  "But I don't think she deserves  that  privilege
YET.   I  slipped  some condoms in  your  top-right-hand  dresser
drawer, while I was in there.  Oh, one final thing."
     "What?"   I asked, somewhat disappointed that I wouldn't  be
allowed  to plant a baby in the kid's cute little belly.   Still,
she hadn't said I wasn't EVER going to be allowed to do it.  Just
not this time.
     "Give her a 'safeword'."
     I  had been planning to, but I hadn't intended to  let  June
know.   I  figured that having her worry about  the  little  girl
would  be  a nice thing to torture HER with, while I had  my  fun
with  her kid.  Still, it was kinda nice to know that the  little
girl's  mother  DID care for her, in spite of  what  looked  like
evidence  to the contrary.  "Sure."  I said.  "I had  planned  on
it."
     "You  won't  be sorry.  If I come back, and  find  out  that
she's used her safeword, and I figure she could have taken a  lot
more,  I'll see to it that you give her twice as much as she  had
taken  up  to that point.  Even if it leaves  bruises,  or  draws
blood.   On  the other hand, she's got four reasons  to  use  her
safeword,  that I won't punish her for, and if you do, I'll  have
your balls hanging on the clothesline, before tomorrow morning."
     "What's that?"
     "1.  She REALLY can't stand the pain.  I'll be the judge  of
that one.  2, 3, and 4, are oral, anal, and vaginal sex.  If  she
objects  strongly  enough to use her safeword, you  lay  off.   I
won't have you raping her.  Capish?"
     "Capish.  But if she doesn't?"
     "Then  have a good time.  I expect you to TRY to get her  to
like it, but you don't have to.  Just make sure she doesn't  hate
it,  before you're through.  I don't want my daughter to grow  up
hating  either men, or sex.  How well you do on THIS,  determines
whether you ever get a second chance.  Do it wrong, and you'll be
sorry.   At the very least, we won't be back, and  you've  hinted
you  like my daughter so much you'd even marry her if she'd  have
you, being so much older than her.  On the other hand, if you  do
it  RIGHT, I promise you won't be disappointed, and I DO keep  my
promises.
     "Got  it!"   I said.  My whole plans for  the  evening,  had
revolved around making her little girl "like" what I was going to
do.  I saw no reason to change THAT part of my plans.
     We  both  went into the bedroom, to look at  the  trussed-up
little  girl  lying on the bed.  Sixteen years old, with  a  body
like. . . Wow!  Nicely rounded titties filled out the top of  the
girl's skin-tight little dress.  A short mini-skirt with matching
black  silken panties, finished off the bottom.  Her panties  fit
her so tightly, you could see the indentation of her slit in  the
middle.  Teenagers shouldn't be allowed to wear such clothes.  It
gives dirty old men like me "hard attacks".  What a gorgeous hunk
of  baby-making  machinery!  My cock ached for her, and  my  mind
ached  at the thought of that smooth little belly  being  grossly
swollen with my baby kicking inside.  Well, if I played it right,
maybe  some  night  June  might  let  me  expand  my  lessons  to
"Pregnancy  101" or "How to make a baby".  The front of my  pants
was developing a "wet spot", at the very thought.
     "Down Boy!"  I thought.  "Time enough for that later."
     June  pulled the gag out of her daughter's mouth.  "See  you
tonight dear."  She said, and kissed Lynn on the lips.
     "Momma!   You aren't going to leave me here with  him,  like
THIS! are you?"
     "Didn't  you  say,  you wanted to learn  about  bondage  and
discipline?"
     "Yes but. . "
     "Well Mr. Jones here, is going to teach you.  He knows a lot
more about it, than I do.  He'll see to it, that you're  properly
trained."
     "But  Momma!   He's a man, and he might. . . Oh!   You  mean
I'm supposed to . . ?"
     "That's  up to you dear, for now.  He'll explain it  all  to
you.   After all, he's the trainer, not me.  If you REALLY  don't
want  to do this, use the safeword I taught you, and  we'll  call
the  whole  thing  off.  Otherwise, I'll see  you  this  evening,
sometime after 6:00.  You DO remember the safeword?"
     "Yes Momma."  Suddenly, the little girl's voice rose  almost
to  a  scream.  "Oh Momma!  Don't leave me here!   PLEASE  Mommy.
I'll  be  a good girl.  Momma please, he'll hurt  me!   Don't  go
Momma.  Don't leave me here like this!"
     The  little  girl's words almost tore my heart,  and  I'm  a
pretty  tough  guy.  Still, I looked at June.  She had  an  angry
look  on her face, as she stuffed the gag back into  her  child's
mouth, and said sternly.  "Screaming won't do any good.  I'm sure
Mr.  Jones  here has better things to do, than put  up  with  the
squalling of spoiled brats.  If you don't stop it right now, I'll
leave  you here overnight.  For a second, her head turned to  one
side, as she caught my eye, and winked.   Obviously, Lynn  hadn't
used  whatever safeword she had given her daughter.  The  screams
and struggling, were all for show.  And what a show!  If I hadn't
been listening closely, I would have untied the girl myself,  and
sent  her on her way, with her mother.  As is was, it was  all  I
could do to restrain an enormous hard-on.
     Her  mother's  threat,  DID have an  effect  on  Lynn.   She
immediately  stopped  struggling, and fighting to get  words  out
around the gag.  I guess she didn't really trust me enough yet to
go past the originally scheduled 6 hours.
     "Now,  you'll  see that she gets plenty to eat  and  drink."
Said June, looking pointedly at my swelling penis.
     It  was  all I could do to keep from busting  out  laughing.
The three of us were playing games like I was really going to  do
something horrible to her little girl.  Well, who knows, maybe  I
was.  Still, she seemed to want it.  I assured June that I  would
"feed" her little girl properly and yes, I would see that she got
enough  to  "drink"  too.  I almost peed my pants,  at  the  lewd
suggestion of what I was going to give the little girl to  drink.
Almost,  but  I  decided to save it for Lynn,  in  case  she  got
thirsty.
     Oh God!  My cock was aching, and my gut too, with suppressed
laughter.   I could tell, that both June and her mother  got  the
'point' as well, as June shook with suppressed giggles, and  Lynn
shook with fear. . . Or was that laughter too?
     "You'll see that she gets some sleep, while I'm gone,  won't
you?"  She almost, but not quite, giggled.
     I assured her, that I would not only put the little girl  to
"bed", but if necessary, I'd sleep with the little girl, to "make
sure  she gets her rest".  Lynn's eyes got real big at this,  and
she started making "mmmph",  "MMmmmph!"  noises through her  gag.
She looked frightened half to death.
     June  bent  down,  Kissed  the little  girl  on  the  cheek,
ignoring the frantic grunts of the little girl, as she fought the
gag, and said. "Now you be sure  and do whatever Mr. Jones  tells
you to, dear.  I'll be back tonight."
     With  this, we both left the little girl, still bound  hand,
foot, and body, and went back into the living room, where she got
ready to leave.
     As  she prepared to go, I couldn't help but ask.   "Are  you
sure about this?  Lynn looked REALLY scared there, at the end."
     June's  face lit up in a smile.  "I knew you were the  right
one."  She said.  "I almost wasn't sure.  Now I can quit worrying
that  you  might really hurt her.  Thanks.  No,  she  could  have
stopped us anytime, right up until we left the room.  Lynn  WANTS
to do this, and I'm not going to cheat her."
     "Unh.  She couldn't say anything, once you put the gag  back
in her mouth."  I pointed out.  "She looked pretty scared  there,
when we left."
     June smiled again.  "I guess I'll have to demonstrate."  She
said,  then yelled.   "LYNN.  USE YOUR SAFEWORD.  ONCE IF  YOU'RE
OK.  TWICE, IF YOU WANT OUT!"
     There was silence from the other room, then faintly:   "bang
bang    bang",   as  the  headboard of  the  bed  hit  the  wall.
Definitely an odd-number.  Still, it MIGHT be a mistake, and  she
wanted to do it only twice.  Silence afterward.
     "See."  Said June, then seeing my worry.  "DO IT AGAIN,  ONE
TIME, IF YOU'RE OK!"
     Faintly:  "bang   BANG  bang"  There was no doubt.
     "See."  Said June.  "Any strike, any three grunts,  wheezes,
bangs,  etc., with about that same timing, and I know  she's  had
enough."
     I was impressed.  Here I thought I was the bondage expert.
     "Do you mind, if I use the same system?"  I asked her.  This
had definite advantages.
     "If  you wish.  Or, you can use anything else you want.   In
the meantime, here's a number I'll be at, most of the time,  just
in  case.  Second, If you goof, or get carried away,  Here's  the
number  of  the clinic we go to, and her doctor's name.   If  you
hurt her, even by accident, the speed you get her to the  doctor,
determines whether you get to keep your balls or not.  Do I  make
myself clear?"
     She did.  "Perfectly."  I said.
     "Also,"   She  continued.   "In case of  a  REAL  emergency,
there's  always 911.  If you have to use that number,  the  speed
you use determines whether you get to keep your life, or not.  Do
I make myself COMPLETELY clear on that one?"
     She had.  I gulped and nodded, suddenly unsure of whether  I
should go through with this myself.  June decided for me.
     "See you tonight."  She said, slipping out the door.  "Don't
go TOO easy on her either.  Remember, she wants it, and if you do
it right, this is just the beginning!"
     There was a <click> as the door shut.
     For  a second, I stood there, looking at the door.   Then  I
shook  myself, and headed for the bedroom, where a  beautiful  16
year  old  girl lay bound and gagged, waiting for me  to  return,
knowing  I  had her mother's permission to do "anything  I  want"
with  her.  Only six hours, to work with.  Hopefully, the  little
girl  would be waiting on me naked, my sperm in all three  holes,
begging to be used, when her mother returned.  Well, OK, sperm in
two  holes,  but  the  third one  well-used.   I  remembered  her
mother's instructions.  I hoped that I would need to use of a LOT
of those foil packets that her mother assured me were in the  top
right-hand  dresser drawer.  There were enough.  I'd have  to  be
superman  to run out.  There was a whole gross of them.   I  like
people who plan ahead.
     Lynn had rolled over, and was looking at me, with frightened
eyes,  as she saw me open the drawer.  When she saw me  examining
the condoms, her eyes got big, and frightened.  I could tell that
the girl knew what they were used for.
     I  decided  I'd  better  start.   5  hours  and  50  minutes
remained.
     "Lynn."  I said.
     Her big blue eyes looked at me.
     "One  time!"  She looked frightened now.  What rule had  she
broken, or was I going to give her to obey?
     "Your safeword remains the same.  If you understand this and
accept  it, give me your safeword now.  If not, just  lie  still,
and don't say anything."
     Lynn's foot managed to unbend enough to reach the  footboard
of  the  bed.  With me there in the room, she didn't have  to  go
through the gyrations necessary to bang the headboard against the
wall.  "Tap  tap   tap"  went her foot, then she relaxed.
     "Fine,"   I  said.  "Now, do you REALLY want to  go  through
with  this?  If not, use that safeword right now, and I'll  untie
you,  and we'll just have a quiet afternoon together, reading  or
watching  television.   You'll  go back  with  your  mother  this
afternoon, and I'll never see you again."
     I  waited.   Then  waited a little more to  be  sure.   Lynn
didn't  move.   "OK."   I said, suddenly  the  stern  taskmaster.
"Lynn,  you  raised quite a ruckus, when your mother  left.   You
almost sounded like you were scared of me.  Are you scared of  me
Lynn?"
     Lynn's eyes were wide, but she started to shake her head.
     I  grinned.  I had thought I would have to ask her a  couple
of questions before I got lucky.
     "Oh Lynn."  I said sadly.  "Now you did it.  You lied to me.
This  is your first lesson, and the most important:   Don't  EVER
lie to me.  Understand?"
     Lynn nodded, as much as she could, being bound and gagged.
     "Now  Lynn.  I WAS going to untie you, and let  you  stretch
out for a while before we got started, but since you lied to  me,
I've got to punish you instead.  You realize that, don't you?"
     The  little  girl nodded, a tear starting  down  her  cheek.
Obviously  being bound for so long was REALLY beginning  to  make
her uncomfortable.  I resolved to give her a chance to please  me
relatively  sooner  than I had originally planned,  so  that  she
could  unwind, before we got into the planned training  schedule.
Besides,  I wanted to see the little girl naked, and  trussed  up
like that, it would be impossible to get her clothes off.
     I picked her up bodily, and put her across my knee.
     Lynn was shocked with the ease of which I handled her  small
body.
     "THIS!"   I  said,  laying three healthy  swats  across  her
smooth little panty-covered ass, is for lying to me!  Next  time,
It'll be much worse!
     "Unph   Unnnph  unh!"  Lynn grunted in time with the  swats.
For  a second, I was struck by the resemblance to her  'safeword'
then remembered that she only did them, in time to the swats, not
out-of-sync.   I resolved to stagger future punishment, so  there
would be no such confusions.
     After  letting  her rest for a second, and  get  her  breath
after  her first punishment, I continued.  "And THIS!"   I  said,
reaching down and ripping her panties off violently, leaving  her
bare-assed  to six full-armed healthy blows, nearly as hard as  I
could swing, on her now pantyless bottom.  "Is to remind you that
you  are  SUPPOSED to be scared of me."  I didn't  swing  harder,
because the first three blows had told me that her rump wasn't as
firm and full of muscle-tone as some of the women I knew, and  if
I  gave  her  my full strength, it would  probably  break  blood-
vessels, and bruise her.  My hands were strong and calloused, and
I  could  deliver  swats  hard enough  to  raise  welts  on  even
toughened  veterans at this game.  I liked to use my bare  hands,
at least at the beginning, for three reasons.  First, I liked  to
feel  a  woman's (girl's in this case) bare  bottom.   Second,  I
could  judge exactly how hard I hit.  And third, I could test  to
see how firm she was, and therefore how much she could take later
on.
     I hadn't really needed her mother's warning of "no  bruises"
I NEVER bruised any of my "clients", or even my friends.  I hoped
that  Lynn would end up being one of the latter.  As it  was,  my
calloused hand on her bare bottom raised a nice shade of pink, as
I  very carefully spaced the blows, to both ensure that I  didn't
duplicate  her  "safeword"  timing, and to make  the  red  spread
smoothly across her cute little bottom.  I didn't want to raise a
welt, but I DID want her to feel like I was.  A fine point,  that
some  disciplinarians  can't  (or  won't)  do.   By  the  time  I
finished, Lynn was crying for real, tears dripping on the bed.  I
could  tell  that  this  little girl had  very  rarely,  if  ever
received  such  abuse.  Still, there was not even a hint  of  her
"chickening out" and using her safeword.  I was proud of her.
     "Now  Lynn?  I'm going to ask you again.  Are you scared  of
me?"  THIS time, Lynn nodded violently.
     "Good!"   I  said.  "Remain that way, and  we'll  have  very
little trouble this afternoon."  She did.
     "Now,"  I said.  "As your reward for not struggling, when  I
spanked you, I'm going to take the ropes off you, and let you get
undressed."
     Lynn's  eyes got real big at this, and she started to  shake
her  head, then thought better of it.  I decided  to  temporarily
remove the gag, as well.
     "Do  you  have  some kind of trouble with  that?"   I  asked
sternly.
     "Do I have to get undressed?"  She asked plaintively.  "I've
never  been  naked in front of anyone except  Momma  before,  and
you're a man and. . ."
     "That's   the  Idea."   I  said.   "To   really   appreciate
discipline, you've got to be naked and vulnerable.  Later on,  If
you  work hard enough to deserve it, I'll let you undress me,  so
that you won't feel so embarrassed at being the only one  without
any clothes on."
     Lynn's  eyes showed me that she was even more frightened  at
this  idea,  than being naked in front of me.  I  knew  that  she
would feel differently before the day was through.  5 hours and a
half to go.
     Six  hours  later, I was fucking Lynn for  the  third  time.
Third  time  in the cunt, that is.  Two used condoms lay  on  the
floor  beside  me, and a white drop of sperm welling out  of  her
well-used  asshole attested to the fact that Lynn had  been  VERY
good  at getting me excited that day.  The 16 year old  girl  was
strapped  to a chair, cross-wise, and gagged, as I gently  fucked
her  again.   Once in her ass, not 5 minutes before,  and  I  was
already  about  to  cum in her tight little  cunny.   I  couldn't
believe how sexy the little girl had turned out to be.
     Being fucked like this, was actually a reward I had  devised
for  the little girl, after she had performed a  strip-tease  for
me, that would make a eunuch squirt sperm.  I had managed to  get
most of it on tape, and had promised Lynn a copy to take home and
look  at.  She didn't seem to mind, that I would be  showing  off
her  sexy little body to tens, maybe even hundreds of other  men.
The  thought of hundreds of men jacking off to her undressing  on
screen,  had so excited her, that she had begged me to  take  her
and fuck her.
     I  had  made  her pay for the pleasure by tying  her  up  so
tight, that she couldn't move, or speak, to show how much fun she
was  having.   I had left one hand free, to both allow  her  some
movement,  and  as  access to her "safeword"  I  had  so  tightly
gagged  her,  that she couldn't even grunt, and the rest  of  her
body  was so thoroughly trussed up in the chair, that  she  could
barely move her free hand, to reach me in thanks.
     It  was  this scene, with me naked behind her  little  girl,
stroking for climax, that greeted June when she returned.
     She  looked at where my condom-covered cock had vanished  up
inside her little girl's tight little hole.  "Is she good?"   She
asked,  as  she watched me push up hard inside her  daughter.   I
could feel the little girl's cervix open up around the head of my
penis,  each  time I bottomed out in her.  It was only  the  thin
film  of  the  latex, that had kept me from  filling  the  little
girl's womb with baby-making seed three times that day.  Lynn had
definitely been "good".  I felt her tight little cunny clamp down
on  my  prick.   Hearing her mother, and knowing  she  was  being
watched, had triggered her orgasm.  The feeling was exquisite.
     "Did she do everything she was supposed to?"  Asked June, as
she watched me fuck her daughter.
     I remembered how the little girl had swallowed my piss,  and
sucked  me off without complaint only a two-hours  before.   This
was her reward for doing such a good job on that, and the  strip-
tease,  and she definitely seemed to like what I was doing.   Her
vagina  was  now clamping down rhythmically on my  cock,  as  the
little girl went into an almost continuous orgasm.  Squeeze after
squeeze.   Only the gag in her mouth, and the fact that  she  was
barely  able to move in the chair where I had tied her, kept  her
from showing her appreciation even more,  Still, from the  rivers
of  cunt-fluid  running from her over-used little  slit,  it  was
obvious, even to her mother, that Lynn was happy with what I  was
doing.
     "Oh God!"  I said.  "Did she ever!"
     "Then I think my little girl deserves a reward."  Said June.
"Pull  your cock out, all the way, so that I can see it.  I  want
to make sure you're using that condom the right way."
     It was murder to pull out, but I did anyway.  Lynn's  little
pussy  didn't  seem  to  want to let  go.   From  her  tied  down
position,  Lynn couldn't quite see what was going on between  her
legs.
     About  this time, a big white sticky gob of sperm  that  had
been  slowly  oozing out of Lynn's tight little ass  picked  this
moment to gather itself together, and start to slide down towards
the gaping hole left by my exiting cock.
     June and I reached for Lynn simultaneously.  I was about  to
wipe  the  little  girl up, with a Kleenex,  so  she  didn't  get
pregnant, when June almost blew my mind away.
     "I'll get it."  She said, pushing me away.  She reached  out
with  her  index-finger,  and scooped up the big  blob  of  white
stuff.  Then, she calmly took her finger and pushed it up  inside
her  little girl's hole?!  I couldn't believe what I was  seeing!
Carefully,  June wiped her finger off on the lips of  her  little
girl's  slowly  closing cunny, making sure that every bit  of  my
sticky cum was inside her little girl's vagina.
     "Now  push it back in."  She said.  "We don't want to  waste
any of it."
     I gaped at her.  "But she could get. . ."
     "Pregnant?"   Asked June.  "You're right.  Having a baby  is
serious  business.   When my daughter gets a big belly,  I  don't
want it to be by ACCIDENT.  You do know what I mean?"
     "I sure do."  I said.  "You're sure this is what you want?"
     "I'm  sure."   Affirmed June.  "Now you push  your  cock  up
inside her while I watch, so that I can make sure you're doing it
right."
     Almost fainting with the thrill of watching my cock push  my
sperm  up  inside the little girl, I did as the woman  asked.   I
took  three good strokes, watching my sperm turn the  outside  of
the  condom  white and sticky, before June asked me to  pull  out
again.   The by now continuous squeezing of the teenager's  tight
little slit almost had me cumming, but I grit my teeth, trying to
hold out a little longer.
     "Oh  good."  Said June, looking at my condom-covered  penis.
"It's a good thing you've got that on right."  She said,  pulling
it  down  tight around the head of my penis,  smoothing  out  the
little  gap I had left in the tip, to allow for friction, and  to
hold  the sperm.  "I bet you wish you didn't have this condom  in
the  way,  so  you could feel my daughter's  slick  little  cunny
squeezing on your bare prick, while you squirted my little girl's
womb full of baby-juice, don't you?"
     "You  know, if this thing should somehow crack,  or  split,"
She  continued, running a sharp fingernail over the  now  tightly
stretched latex covering the bulging head of my cock. "You  could
actually  squirt  your sperm inside my little girl, and  get  her
pregnant."  With this, she pushed the head of my penis back  into
Lynn's  tight little crack, just as the condom started  to  split
around  the  tip, and slide back painfully over the  head  of  my
engorged cock for a second, before the tear stopped, just  behind
the head that was now threatening to squirt my seed all over  the
inside  of her daughter's tight little belly.  "We wouldn't  want
that to happen by accident, would we?"
     I couldn't believe it.  The woman was actually trying to get
me to impregnate her little daughter!
     "No."  I grunted, Shoving my cock to the hilt in the  little
girl's  belly.   "We sure wouldn't want to get  her  pregnant  by
accident."
     I  couldn't help it.  My cock grew almost another  inch,  as
the  thought  of  knocking this cute kid up,  with  her  mother's
connivance, was to much for me.  This time, the whole head of  my
penis  snapped into the little girl's womb, as I started  pumping
sperm  into  her body, like a fire-hose gone amok.   Spasm  after
spasm  shook me, as I did my best to plant a baby in the  child's
receptive  young  womb.   By  now, her vagina  was  in  one  long
continuous  shuddering  orgasm.  I had seen it only a  few  times
before, where a woman would not only climax several times, but go
into  a state of almost continuous orgasm that didn't stop  until
either  she  collapsed  from  exhaustion,  or  the  man   stopped
stimulating  her.  I was proud that I had managed to get Lynn  to
such  a state of excitement, on our first time together.   I  was
vaguely aware of the hand I had left free pulling on my hair,  as
I spasmed inside her, forcing more and more of my sperm into  her
uterus.
     Tug  tug tug.  God it felt good to actually cum inside  her,
with  my  by-now bare penis feeling every inch of  her  squeezing
little slit, filling her womb with my baby-making seed.  TUG  TUG
TUG!
     "What the?"  Suddenly, I was aware of what I was doing.   OH
MY GOD!  For the first time, I realized just how far I had  gone.
Not  only  had  I came in the little  girl,  possibly  (Probably)
getting  her pregnant, but I had been so involved, I had  ignored
her  safeword when she wanted me to stop.  She must somehow  have
known  what was happening, and didn't want to get pregnant.    Oh
SHIT!
     I  yanked  my still-spurting penis from  inside  the  little
girl,  spraying her backside, and the outside of her vagina  with
the  last  sticky  drops of my potent  seed.   As  I  frantically
scrambled  to untie her, June seemed to get in my way,  hurriedly
stripping  the split condom from my penis, and wiping  the  stray
drops of sperm off her little girl's vagina.
     Lynn had collapsed, seeming unable to move, as I removed the
last  of  the  restraints, and untied  the  gag,  with  trembling
fingers.   I was so mad at myself I was shaking  with  suppressed
fury.   NEVER in my life as a "top" had I ever missed a  client's
first "safeword" let alone one from a friend.  I knew I had blown
whatever  chance I had of making the relationship permanent  with
Lynn.   She  would never trust me now!  More important,  I  would
never  trust  me.  In the excitement of her mother  "helping"  me
make  a baby in the little girl, without her knowledge, but  with
her (implied) consent, I had not only missed the first use of her
"safeword" but had almost missed the second!  The excitement  was
no  excuse.   A top couldn't afford to lose control.   The  whole
idea, was to make the bottom lose control, while the top kept his
(or hers).  Otherwise, what's the point of being a top?
     "Oh  Lynn."   I  was babbling, trying  somehow,  someway  to
apologize.   "I'm  so sorry.  I didn't feel it  the  first  time.
What's  the matter Honey?  Please speak to me.  Please  don't  be
mad.  I'm so sorry.  What's the matter?  Lynn?!"  This last,  was
almost  a  scream,  as by now I was frightened.   Lynn  just  lay
there,  across  the chair, gasping, not replying  to  either  her
mother's  or  my more and more frantic requests.   Jesus  Christ!
What had I done?!  I must have almost killed the girl, and  never
known it.  I was finished as a top.  Never again!
     "Felt.  .  .  .  So. . . . . good!"   Gasped  Lynn,  as  her
breathing finally slowed down to a fast pant.  By this time, June
and I had her sprawled out on the soft carpet, with her arms  and
legs spread out, as though she were tied spread-eagled in a  bed.
She  seemed to only hear part of my apology, when I  kept  asking
her if she'd forgive me for not stopping sooner.  "Hated. . to. .
make  you  . . stop."  She said, her words getting  clearer  now.
"It  was . just, too . good.  I couldn't stop cumming!  Over  and
over  and over.  Finally, I had to stop, or I would  have  passed
out.  I thought I was going to die, it was so good.   Whoooooo!"
     I  breathed a sigh of relief.  The intensity of  her  climax
had  been  too  much for such an  inexperienced  girl.   I  could
understand her fear though, I had almost passed out myself,  once
or  twice  from  sensual overload, and some of  the  "bottoms"  I
worked  with  came  to  me,  just to  have  me  produce  such  an
experience  for  them.  Next time, Lynn wouldn't  have  to  stop.
"Honey."   I  said, getting her attention.  "You didn't  have  to
stop.  I know several women who do this all the time.  Next time,
just let it flow over you.  You won't regret it."
     "But my heart felt like it was going to burst."  Said  Lynn.
"and I was losing consciousness."
     I  smiled.   "You're only 16 Lynn.  I wouldn't  worry  about
your  heart giving out on you just yet.  Now if you were 45,  and
overweight,   maybe,  but  I  don't  think  so.   As  to   losing
consciousness,  you  said  you  felt  like  you  were  dying   of
pleasure?"
     Lynn nodded.
     "Well, as a friend of mine, who does this all the time says,
'What  a  way to go!'  You won't die from  overdose  of  pleasure
Lynn, You'll just wish you could!"  I smiled at her.
     Lynn smiled back.
     June looked at me.  "You're that good huh?"
     What could I say?  I shrugged.
     June  turned  to  her  16-year  old  offspring,  looking  so
beautiful,  with  the red marks on her body already  starting  to
fade  into the flush from her recent orgasm.  "Would you like  to
thank Mr. Jones for what he's done for you today?"  She asked.
     For  a second, Lynn paled, as she remembered how I liked  to
be "paid" for her fun.  Then she bit her lip, gulped, and nodded.
She  could take a little more.  I wondered what part of her  body
that I hadn't already hit, slapped, swatted or pinched, June  was
expecting  me  to  use.   It turned  out,  that  June's  idea  of
"payment" didn't match mine.  I prefer hers.
     "Tie her up in the bed."  Said June.  "Face-up, and  spread-
eagled."  A woman after my own heart.  She picked up the two used
condoms,  and  followed me, as I followed  her  instructions,  by
picking  Lynn  up, enjoying the feel of her  naked  skin  against
mine.  Soon, Lynn was helpless on the bed, the very picture of  a
young  girl, about to be raped.  My prick was aching hard  again,
at the very thought.
     "Now look down."  Commanded June, as she motioned me to  get
between  her daughter's legs.  Lynn looked down, at where  I  was
positioning  myself.  Her eyes bulged, as she noticed  that  THIS
time, I wasn't wearing a condom.
     "Momma!"  She gasped. "He's not. . ."
     "Uhuh."   Said  June.  "You said you wanted  to  thank  him.
Well,  It doesn't feel nearly as good to a man, when he  wears  a
condom.   You'll  REALLY show how much you appreciate  what  he's
done  for you, if you let him put it in, just this once,  without
using a rubber."
     "But Momma!"  Wailed the girl  "I might get pregnant!"
     "Mr.  Jones is a nice guy Lynn."  Replied June.   "I'm  sure
that if you'll do this for him, he'll pull out."
     "After  you 'cum' inside her, I hope."  She whispered in  my
ear, before continuing to her offspring.  "Or, we could untie you
now, and just go home, if you don't think he deserves the feel of
your  tight  little cunny against his bare prick,  squeezing  and
milking on it, trying to make him cum inside you.  I thought  you
were grateful!"
     "Oh  go ahead."  Said Lynn.  "I really want him to, but  I'm
just  scared.   I like the idea of him feeling me,  and  even  me
feeling  him  without  a  condom."  She  looked  down,  where  my
condomless  penis  was  approaching  her  inviting  little  slit.
"Momma!  There's some cum on the head of his penis!"
     Sure  enough, a white drop of sperm from my previous  orgasm
inside  her, was slowly welling out of the hole in the tip of  my
prick.  It got slightly bigger, as her mother grabbed my cock and
firmly pressed the head, drop of cum and all, into her daughter's
tight little cunny.
     "It's  just a drop."  Said June, ignoring the fact  that  by
the  time  she had inserted the head of my cock into  her  little
girl,  the  drop was almost a third of an inch in  diameter,  and
threatening to fall off the tip.  She also ignored the fact  that
it  took only one drop, to get her daughter pregnant,  no  matter
how small that drop was.
     "But Momma!"  Said Lynn, then stopped protesting.  By now it
was  too  late,  as she felt my cock slide  home  in  her  belly,
hopefully  leaving  the cum on the tip pushed  into  her  uterus,
where it belonged.  I had barely gotten inside her, before I  was
threatening to start squirting baby-juice all over the inside  of
the little girl, instead of giving her the nice long loving screw
she deserved.
     I needn't have worried.  Watching me slide my sperm-dripping
cock  up in her belly, must have triggered some primitive  desire
to  reproduce  in her.  Feeling my (as she now  knew)  bare  cock
sliding  in and out, knowing she MIGHT get pregnant, was  both  a
thrill  and  a  terror to the young girl.  Also,  she  was  still
somewhat  excited, and not completely recovered from her  earlier
orgasm.  Lynn began climaxing uncontrollably, after only two full
strokes.
     It  was too much for me.  Feeling Lynn's tight little  cunny
in  orgasm around my now bare quivering prick, and  knowing  that
the  girl  actually KNEW this time, that I might be  getting  her
pregnant,  while her mother tried every way she could,  to  sneak
more  of  my baby-juice into her daughter's fertile  young  womb,
without the child suspecting, was WAY too much for my overexcited
prick.   I  felt a wave of release go through me, as a  pulse  of
sperm spat out of the head of my penis, into the welcoming  belly
of  the teenager, this time, with no latex barrier to get in  the
way.  "Oh LYNN!"  I groaned, as a second pulse left still another
big blob of seed in the girl's body.  "I'm. . . "
     "Going to cum?"  Interrupted her mother.  "Remember WHEN  to
pull out!  After all, we want to be careful about making a  baby,
since Lynn is probably fertile right now.  So you be SURE and  do
it right."
     A third contraction shook me, as I deposited one last  pulse
of sperm inside Lynn's vagina.  I gasped, and pulled out my still
cum-leaking cock.  A big glob of sperm slowly oozed out the  tip,
and  onto the little girl's bare belly,  One drop, then  another,
until there was a little pool of white, obscenely puddled next to
her navel.
     "I  thought  it  would 'spurt'  out."   Said  Lynn,  looking
disappointed, at the gooey puddle on her belly.
     "I guess you must have wrung him dry."  Said June, trying to
keep Lynn from thinking I might have left the real spurts  inside
her,  instead of outside.  There was enough sperm puddled on  her
flat  little tummy though to help alleviate that worry.   "A  guy
just  can't 'cum' and 'cum' like a woman can.  He's only  got  so
much."
     True, but in these circumstances, very deceptive.
     "Now  let's  see what we can do, about this  matter  of  you
getting  pregnant."   Continued June, rummaging in a bag  on  the
floor, out of sight of her daughter.
     It's amazing how two people can hear the same words, and get
entirely  different  meanings.  *I* heard her say she  was  doing
something to GET her daughter pregnant, while LYNN heard her  say
she  was  doing  something  to  KEEP  her  from  BEING  pregnant.
Amazing.
     "Found  IT!"  She said, triumphantly, holding up  a  plastic
case.
     "But  Momma."   Said  Lynn, by now confused.   "Isn't  it  a
little late for that?"
     By  now,  June  had removed a pink  rubber  device,  that  I
recognized  as  a woman's diaphragm.  I was as  confused  as  her
daughter.
     "Not  for  what  I  have in mind."   Said  June.   Again,  a
different  meaning to each of us.  "First, let me wipe  this  off
you."   She  said,  taking a plastic spoon from  her  purse,  and
scraping  up  the glob of cum on her daughter's  belly.   My  jaw
dropped, as I watched what she did next.  Calmly, she poured  the
puddle  of cum INTO the cup of the diaphragm!  "Now where's  that
'sperm  jelly'?"  She said, fumbling around until she  found  the
two used condoms.  I was gasping in absolute admiration, for  the
way  she had her daughter hearing one thing, while I  heard  just
the opposite.  What an incredible, kinky lady!  June milked every
last  drop  of cum out of the condoms, smearing it all  over  the
inside of the rubber cup.
     "You want to make sure you cover every inch."  She told both
of  us.  "I need a little more."  With this, she reached  out  to
the still dripping tip of my cock, and added the drop on the  end
to the puddle in her little girl's sperm-filled baby-barrier.
     I  still  couldn't believe I was hearing and seeing  what  I
did,  as I watched the woman carefully pick up  the  semen-filled
diaphragm,  curling  it a little, remarking. "Mustn't  spill  the
'sperm  jelly'."  and  inserted it into the  16  year  old  girl,
pushing  it  home  with  a snap.  Almost  all  the  sperm  I  had
ejaculated  that  day,  was now  trapped  inside  her  daughter's
vagina,  soaking  into the little girl's womb, behind  the  latex
barrier.   I  was ready to cum again, at just the  thought.   Too
late now.
     "Now."  Said June, closing the plastic case with a snap, and
putting it back in her purse.  "We can give her a douche, without
washing the sperm.  If you douche, after being fucked,  sometimes
you'll just wash the sperm up into your womb, instead of  washing
it  out."  She explained.  "Lynn's got to go to school  tomorrow,
without  smelling like a whorehouse.  So, we'll douche  her  now,
and she can just leave that diaphragm in for a couple of days  to
make sure.  Her period's in about two more weeks, so she could be
fertile right now."  How she managed to say this with a  straight
face,  I'll  never  know.   I  was in too  much  of  a  state  of
disbelief,  and  shock  to  even giggle  at  the  woman's  double
meanings.  Not to mention, admiration.
     Together,  we untied Lynn.  (NOW I knew why June had  REALLY
wanted the little girl tied up.  She didn't want Lynn to see what
kind  of  "sperm jelly" [NOT spermicidal jelly]  went  into  that
rubber  cup.)   June took Lynn into the bathroom,  gave  her  the
promised  "douche", and an enema too, and had her take a  shower,
before they headed home.
     "You're  a  nasty, sneaky, devious old woman."   I  said  to
June, while Lynn showered in the other room.  "Trying to get your
little girl pregnant, without her knowing.  Shame on you.  I love
it.  If I wasn't so in love with your daughter, I'd be asking you
to marry me."
     "Well,"   Grinned June back at me.  "Pretty soon, she's  not
going  to have much choice, is she?  Remember back when  we  came
here,  I  said  if  you do it right, I'd  see  that  you  weren't
disappointed?  Well, are you happy?"
     "I'm happy."  I said.  "I just hope Lynn's happy too."
     "Oh,  don't  worry.  She will be.  She likes  you,  and  she
really  LOVES babies.  She's always babysitting, and  you  should
see the look on her face, when she's got a drooling little bundle
of joy in her arms.  I just decided to speed things up a  little,
and give her a little surprise, for Christmas."
     I  counted  on my fingers.   March-15th,  plus  nine-months,
Close enough.
     "You  WILL  invite  me  over to see  the  baby?"   I  asked,
seriously.
     "Well actually, I was expecting the two of YOU to invite  ME
over."
     "It's a date."
     As they left, I heard Lynn whispering to her mother.   "Mom!
You let him put his thing in me, when there was still cum on  it.
You'd almost think you WANTED me to get pregnant."
     "You  WOULD almost think so, wouldn't you?"   Replied  June.
"I noticed you weren't exactly turned off by the idea though."
     "Well. . . I'd just better not.  Can you imagine me going to
school with a big belly?  God, I hope his sperm doesn't leak past
that diaphragm!"
     "I hope so too dear."

     ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

     Two nights later, They both stopped by again.  June told  me
that  her daughter was fine, and that she had liked what  we  had
done  but, she wanted to try "regular" sex for once.  Since  Lynn
didn't  have  a  regular boyfriend, (Hard to  believe,  with  HER
body.) she wanted to try it with me, to see which kind she really
preferred.
     June  (correctly)  figured that I wouldn't mind  "doing  the
honors"  even  if straight-vanilla sex wasn't usually  my  thing.
Besides,  they  didn't have the time, for a  full-blown  "lesson"
this time.
     Well, if you think that I was going to turn down ANY  chance
at  screwing  this  girl who had even an  old  bachelor  like  me
thinking really seriously about how I could trap this SYT  (sweet
young thing) into saying "Yes" to the classic question:  "Do you,
Lynn  Anthony  take this man. . . " (OK, I'm not so old.   27  is
considered young, by most people.  It's just old compared to  16)
Well, anyway, If you think I'd pass up such a chance, then you're
crazier  than  I am.  Besides, I'd been having wet  dreams,  ever
since that incredible night where her mother had "helped me out",
so to speak.
     Even  straight-vanilla  sex  has its things  going  for  it:
Bare-body  sliding against bare-body, the slap of bellies  coming
together,  the  satisfying  *spurt*  of  hot  fresh  cum  into  a
receptive  young womb, the sweet panting in your ear of  a  young
girl who's *trying* to get pregnant, the tongue in your mouth and
in your ear, the sweet ripples of a bare vagina milking your seed
into a fertile vagina, the. . .
     Sorry,  I got carried away with my daydreams.  These  things
usually didn't happen to ME.  Most of the women I dealt with were
both  religiously  on  birth-control, and expected me  to  use  a
condom  besides.  I was quite happy with this, as (up to  now)  I
had  no  intentions of ever getting married.  Much as  I  enjoyed
sex,  I found the thought of settling down with one woman,  shall
we  say,  unsettling.   Until  two days ago,  that  is.   Now,  I
wondered how I was going to make it through the rest of my  life,
if Lynn said "No."  When I got up enough nerve to ask her.
     To  answer the question that might be bothering you:  No,  I
did NOT plan on using the baby that might even then be growing in
her  sexy  little tummy, as a point of leverage.   I  planned  on
asking  Lynn  to marry me, BEFORE she even knew about it.   If  I
could  just get up my nerve, that is.  And: Yes, if  she  refused
me, I'd still see that she got child-support.  I just hoped she'd
let  me  visit  the  kid,  at  least  on  weekends.   I  take  my
responsibilities seriously, and pay my debts.  All of which  June
knew,  or she would never have pulled that incredible  stunt  the
other  night.  So you can see, that I was definitely not  adverse
to   having  sex  with  Lynn.   Not  even   plain   old-fashioned
missionary-style sex.  Just as long as I got my thick fat cock up
inside  her  tight little hole, and managed to leave  a  generous
helping of the sperm that I had been saving for the last two days
in  her  sexy little tummy.  (No, I hadn't "cum" since  Lynn  and
June  were last over.  Each time I started to "jack-off"  it  was
such  a disappointment, after that incredible last scene  in  the
chair, and on the bed, that I lost my hard-on, before I finished.
Let's face it, I was spoiled, and was hoping that I could somehow
repeat  it with someone [hopefully Lynn] before my  balls  burst.
None of my regular clients, or even friends [female that is] were
available  that  week though.)  I wondered if June had  any  more
kinky ideas, like last time.
     It turned out, that she did.  Or at least, another variation
of  the  same  one.   She told me later, that  she  had  to  work
carefully  on  Lynn for the last two days, to set this up,  or  I
wouldn't  have  gotten  to see either of  them,  until  the  next
weekend.   (What  happened THEN, is a different  story,  and  not
nearly so nice.)  THIS time, June wasn't leaving.  She wanted  to
supervise every step of THIS "lesson", to be sure that Lynn  "got
it done right".  My cock ached at the thought of what June REALLY
wanted me to "do right" with her daughter.
     After  she  had  explained all this, June  had  us  all  get
undressed together.  Surprisingly, Lynn didn't seem to object, at
seeing her own mother naked with me, and it became apparent, that
she  expected  me to have sex with HER as well!   June  explained
that neither of them were the jealous types, and Lynn had already
told her, that she would be welcome to come over and "get relief"
from her husband, if she ever got married.  June had already  let
Lynn  "play with" a couple of June's dates, but things had  never
progressed very far yet.  Well, Lynn had actually sucked off  ONE
of  June's dates one morning, when he had stayed  overnight,  and
Lynn found him in the bathroom the next morning.  Except for that
and  tampons,  Lynn  had  actually  been  a  virgin,  when  I  so
thoroughly "used" her two nights ago, and I hadn't even known.  I
had  suspected she might be, but what girl her age really is,  at
16?  Especially one as sexy and full of life as Lynn?
     It began to look like I not only had gotten a virgin, but if
I married Lynn, I'd get her mother thrown into the bargain.  Wow!
What a way to sweeten the pot!  I mentioned before that Lynn  was
sexy  didn't I?  I did?  Good.  Well, where Lynn was  sexy,  June
was  voluptuous.  For every curve Lynn had, June had more.  As  I
mentioned  before, if I hadn't fallen so hard for Lynn, that  all
other  women  seemed to pale beside her, then  her  mother  would
probably be the type I'd be chasing.  If I got Lynn, I'd get  her
TOO?!   WHAT  an  incentive!  My hormones  were  already  out  of
control  thinking  about having Lynn around as a  permanent  bed-
partner,  and life-partner as well (hopefully).  This was  enough
to make my mind go out of kilter.
     While all this was running through my mind.  (It wasn't over
15 minutes from the time they walked in the door, before we  were
all  naked, sitting around the kitchen table, discussing sex  and
babies, and even names for them, while we drank a pre-sex cup  of
coffee.   A nice way to warm-up.  I recommend it  highly.)   June
then  said that she'd better do something about  that  diaphragm,
that  Lynn still had in her from the other day.   "Sperm  usually
only  live  about  three days or so in a  woman's  vagina."   She
explained  to  both me and Lynn.  "So this should  be  about  the
right time to change it."
     Oh GOD!  She was doing it again!
     June  had  Lynn  spread  her legs,  while  she  removed  the
diaphragm  that  had  been keeping my sperm  trapped  inside  the
girl's body, for the last two days.  "We've got to be sure to  do
this  right."  Continued June.  "As this is Lynn's best  time  to
'catch'.   I  checked her temperature this morning,  and  used  a
litmus test as well.  She should be ovulating right now.  So, I'm
going to make sure this diaphragm is 'properly' prepared,  before
she uses it again."
     I  could  only gaze in awe at the woman's  sheer  brass,  of
telling  me  she expected me to impregnate  her  daughter,  while
using  the  exact  same  words to tell  the  girl  that  she  was
protecting her from that very same thing!
     "Now  you  go into the bathroom, and  douche."   Said  June.
"While  I  fix this diaphragm."  I still  couldn't  believe  June
could say this with a straight face.  Me, I was so much in awe, I
didn't  even THINK of laughing.  Besides, I knew June would  half
kill  me, if I did.  Not to mention losing out completely in  the
"baby" sweepstakes with Lynn.
     While Lynn dutifully paraded her cute little ass off to  the
bedroom, I watched in admiration as June took the diaphragm  over
to the sink to clean it off, before "fixing" it for Lynn.
     I  looked at it with disappointment.  I had hoped to: A.  be
able  to see some of my "cum" still inside it.  It was just  wet-
looking,  with normal vaginal-secretions.  Lynn's body must  have
soaked  up  all  the semen.  And: B. I had hoped  to  somehow  be
allowed  to fuck the little girl without ANY barriers keeping  my
sperm  out  of the child's womb.  June seemed to be  planning  on
using  the diaphragm to protect her daughter from pregnancy  this
time.  Oh well!  At least ONCE, I had done it.  Actually squirted
my  seed  in  the little girl's unprotected belly,  that  is.   I
mustn't get TOO greedy.  Not many bachelors got even ONE chance.
     While I was thinking this, I watched as June first carefully
cleaned the rubber cup and ring, then pulled an Exacto-Knife  out
of  her  purse, and calmly CUT THE RUBBER LOOSE  FROM  THE  RING!
Even watching her, I couldn't believe it.  She then reached  over
to  my pre-cum dripping cock with her finger, and smeared it  all
over  the  ring, lubricating it, and then palmed  both  ring  and
rubber  cup in her hand, as Lynn returned, explaining to both  of
us:  "I put the 'sperm jelly' all over the ring, to lubricate it,
and to make sure it performs properly."
     I was almost ready to waste about a gallon of baby-juice all
over  the  floor, instead of planting it up inside  Lynn's  tight
little slit, where her mother so obviously wanted me to put it.
     I  watched,  almost in disbelief, as June had  her  daughter
spread  her legs again, and inserted the now rubber-cupless  ring
into  the girl's tight little hole.  Somehow, she managed  to  do
it,  without  Lynn ever noticing that her mother  still  had  the
rubber barrier in her palm AFTER inserting the rubber ring inside
her.
     "There!"  Said June, with satisfaction.  "Now Mr. Jones  can
fuck you without having to use a condom, and you won't worry.  He
can  put his bare cock right up inside you, and squirt his  sperm
inside  you,  just  as  if you two were  married,  and  you  were
actually  TRYING to make a baby.  Won't that be fun?   Trying  to
make a baby, without having to worry about it?"
     While  I nodded, Lynn's face lit up.  "Oh THANK you  Momma!"
She  said.  "I've always wanted to try and make a baby, but  I've
been  scared to.  At least THIS way, I can feel what  it's  like,
when Mr. Jones 'makes a baby in me', without having to worry."
     I had a fit of coughing, while I got my face under control.
     June looked at me sternly, then grinned at me.  "See."   She
said.  "Wasn't I right?"
     It  took me a moment, to remember our conversation from  the
other day, then I nodded gravely.  It seemed that she WAS  right.
Lynn  DID want it, she was just scared, and June had found a  way
to  give her daughter what she really wanted, without  the  fear.
Or,  at least that's what I tried to convince myself.   The  mind
will rationalize anything.
     By  this  time,  we were both so hot, I was  about  to  lose
everything  all  over  the floor, before we  even  got  into  the
bedroom,  where  the evening's entertainment  had  been  planned.
When  I mentioned this to June, she suggested we do it the  first
time, right were we were.  She had Lynn come over and straddle me
in the chair, and slide down my engorged cock while she watched.
     SHIT!   Two  days of dreaming about it, and  all  this  sexy
preamble,  combined with the moist hotness of the sexiest girl  I
have ever known sliding down my cock, made me blow it.  And I  do
mean BLOW!  Before I was halfway inside her, I was spouting great
big  gobs  of sperm all over the inside of her  squeezing  little
belly.   By the time she was fully seated on me, and the head  of
my  penis  was  pressing up against the tiny  hole  in  her  open
uterus,  I had spasmed the little girl full of three big  healthy
squirts,  and I was already starting to lose it as the pulses  of
cum started to subside.
     Surprisingly  Lynn  didn't mind.  SHE was  overexcited  too!
"Oh Momma!"  She exclaimed.  "He's cumming in me!  I can feel it.
Just like he's making a baby in me!  Oh Momma, it feels so GOOD!"
     With  this, I felt a hard squeeze, then an even harder  one,
as her tight little cunny milked on my prick, and spasmed so hard
around it, I felt like she was going to cut it in two.   Squeeze,
squeeze,  SQUEEZE!  Ooohhh!  It felt so good!  My cock  responded
with  two  more healthy squirts, then a couple  of  spurts,  then
dribbles.  God she was nice!
     Two minutes later, we were both sitting there, enjoying  the
afterglow  of sex, while her warm little cunny gave my  softening
prick  an  occasional friendly squeeze.  We just sat  there,  and
cuddled.   This  was  so nice and friendly,  I  daydreamed  about
waking  up  every morning, and having breakfast just  like  this,
with  her  sitting on me, and my cock up inside her,  not  really
fucking,  just enjoying each other while we ate.  It  was  almost
enough  to make me forgo the pleasures of bondage and  discipline
for the chance to do this.  Then, I thought of combining the two,
and my shrunken cock started to swell again.  Oh god! I was about
to cum again, just at the thought!
     When  June  saw  us start moving for the  second  time,  she
interrupted.  "I hate to interrupt you two lovebirds."  She  said
with a grin.  "But we only have so much time.  Weren't you  going
to  try  it in bed, just like married people do, when  they  make
babies?"
     I  blushed red as a beet, as June reminded me that that  was
exactly  what I was doing to her daughter.  Making a baby in  the
little  girl, and Lynn didn't even know it.  By now,  the  little
girl had enough baby-juice in her tight little belly, to knock up
a  regiment of young girls like her.  It only had to get  through
her cervix, and up inside her womb, to do the job.
     It  turned out, that June planned on fixing this, too.   Not
content  with just having me fuck her daughter without  any  real
protection, she had figured out a way that would almost ENSURE my
sperm the best possible chance of knocking the little girl up.
     When we got to the bedroom, June asked her daughter to  "Lie
back  on  the  bed, before you start.  I want to  make  sure  Mr.
Jones' sperm only goes where it's supposed to.  You can't  always
trust  these diaphragms.  Sometimes, they get holes in  them,  or
not  properly put in place.  I've got something here,  I  brought
along to help."
     Dutifully, Lynn lay back on the bed, as her mother  rummaged
in  her  purse.  In a few seconds, June had  extracted  a  TURKEY
BASTER?   What  the?   My  confusion  was  short  lived,  as  she
explained.   "With this, I can suck up all of Mr.  Jones'  sperm,
and  see  that it doesn't go where it's not  supposed  to."   She
said, motioning me to hold open her daughter's cunt lips, so that
she could get the baster inside.
     "Oh  Momma.   I can do it!"  Said Lynn, trying  to  push  me
aside.
     "Not the way I want it done.  Now you just lie back here and
slide these two pillows underneath your rear, so I can get at you
right, and let me and Mr. Jones attend to things, OK?"
     "Okay  Momma.  If you say so."  Dutifully, she lay  back  on
the bed, and let me open her up to her mother's ministrations.
     June actually DID use the turkey-baster, to suck up my sperm
from  inside her little girl.  She poked around, drawing  giggles
from Lynn, and suctioned up every drop.  She even took the baster
to  my cock, and sucked up not only a stray drop of  cum  seeping
out the end, but she put it up against the piss-hole, and somehow
managed  to get an incipient drop that hadn't yet emerged.   THEN
she did it.  I had been expecting something like this, ever since
she  had pulled that baster out of her bag.  I KNEW  this  device
was NOT designed to keep her daughter from getting pregnant.  Not
with  all  the other things she had done.  So it  was  with  some
admiration for her ingeniousness, but no real surprise, when  she
finished  suctioning all the sperm up, that she reached into  her
bag again, and pulled out an enema-nozzle that had been  slightly
modified, and inserted it into the end of the turkey-baster.
     "I've been planning THIS for months."  She explained to  me.
Ever since I read a story called 'PREGGIE SARAH' on the internet.
It  took  me  about two weeks to make  it,  after  several  false
tries."   June then continued to her daughter.  "We want  to  get
ALL  the way up inside you, to make sure the sperm is all out  of
your  vagina,  and  where  it belongs,  so  hold  still.   You'll
probably feel it poking around your uterus."
     "OK Momma."
     I watched as June rubbed a little sperm all over the tip, to
lubricate  it,  then  pushed the whole contraption  up  into  her
daughter's  vagina.   Once it had gone in about 7  or  8  inches,
there was an "Ow."  from Lynn, as her mother felt around with the
tip.
     "I've  got to get it all."  Explained June,  feeling  around
with the tip.
     "It's Ok Momma.  Ow."
     "Almost got it. . . There."  The turkey-baster suddenly slid
about  3 inches farther into the little girl's hole.  "Does  that
hurt?"
     "Unh!   No,  Momma.  It feels weird though. Like  you're  up
inside my tummy."
     "That's  good  dear.  I want to get all  Mr.  Jones'  sperm,
especially the stuff that's all the way up inside you.  Now  hold
still.   I  might have to push a little, and you  may  feel  some
pressure."
     "Ok Momma."
     I  watched  in  sheer awe, amazement and  delight,  as  June
lifted  the  turkey-baster  up,  until  all  the  sperm  she  had
collected  ran down towards the tip, then with a gentle  squeeze,
she  injected  every  drop of my seed directly  into  her  little
girl's  womb.   There  was  a  quiet  "phlup",  as  the  homemade
artificial-insemination  device did its work.  I almost  came  in
sync  with it wasting my valuable sperm on the floor, instead  of
in the child's womb, like the rest of it.
     "There!"   Said  June in satisfaction, as  she  removed  the
baster.  "Now you don't have to worry about his sperm inside your
vagina any more.  I moved it to where it'll be safer."
     "Thanks Momma."
     "You're welcome.  Now why don't you two try doing it on  the
bed this time.  I'll do this again later, to make sure you  don't
get pregnant by accident."
     Both  Lynn  and  I were agreeable.  She  from  the  internal
stimulation  of  having her mother poking around in her,  and  me
from  the thought of this incredible sexy, kinky  woman  actually
squirting  my sperm in her own daughter's womb, while making  the
kid  think she was doing it to keep her FROM  getting  pregnant?!
Wow!  Both Lynn and I were on our way to a rousing climax  within
2  minutes  of  my  climbing on top of her.   Once  I  did,  June
repeated  her "ensuring Lynn didn't get pregnant by accident"  by
seeing  to  it that the girl got pregnant deliberately.   What  a
woman!
     When  she  finished,  June  "checked"  the  diaphragm,   her
daughter  was wearing, by removing it, and somehow  replacing  it
with  an intact one from her purse, carefully adding extra  drops
of cum from my penis to "lubricate" it, before inserting the  now
intact baby-barrier back inside her little girl.  She managed  to
do  this, right under Lynn's nose, as the woman had her  daughter
hike her ass up in the air on a pillow, so that her mother  could
"get at things better" (and incidentally "hide" things better, as
well.)
     Afterwards, June wanted me to do her as well.  Sadly, I  was
unable,  as  my cock had seen too much excitement in  her  little
girl's  tight little snatch.  I was too much of a  gentleman,  to
send her away unsatisfied though, after what she had done for me.
My  penis  may not always be up to the job, but I always  have  a
tongue, and ten healthy fingers.  After I had eaten both her, and
Lynn  out twice, my flagging cock was starting to show  signs  of
life again, but they both had to go, as Lynn had school the  next
day,  and June had to work.  June made it plain, that next  time,
she expected me to save SOME for her, and not give it ALL to  her
daughter.   My  cock  ached afterwards, as  I  watched  them  go,
wondering if she meant what I thought she did.  Well, she  hadn't
let me down yet!
     The  last I saw of Lynn that day, was when she  walked  down
the hall with her mother, still looking like the innocent school-
girl,  trying  to be sexy, while her mother gave  her  some  last
instructions.
     "Now tonight Lynn, I want you to sleep on your back, with  a
pillow underneath your rump.  If there's any sperm inside you,  I
want   it  to  stay  on  the  right  side  of   that   diaphragm.
Understand?"
     "Yes Momma."  <giggle>  "It's almost like what you do,  when
you WANT to get pregnant, huh?"
     "Almost exactly the same."


    _____
     /  '               /
  ,-/-, __  __.  ____  /_
 (_/   / (_(_/|_/ / <_/ <_

From alt.sex.stories Sun Jan  1 09:28:47 1995
Path: efn!cs.uoregon.edu!news.uoregon.edu!vixen.cso.uiuc.edu!howland.reston.ans.net!pipex!uunet!news.millcomm.com!localhost
From: mccoyf (Frank McCoy)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: REPOST: BOUNDFN2.TXT  (Mf, bondage, torture, rape, snuff?. . . yet a love-story) (Previous post worked!)
Followup-To: alt.sex.stories.d
Date: Sun, 01 Jan 95 02:28:26 GMT
Organization: INTERNET by MillComm, Inc.
Lines: 1047
Distribution: world
Message-ID: <3e542v$e2c@news.millcomm.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: mill2.millcomm.com
Keywords: bondage, torture, rape, snuff?, love
X-Newsreader: News Xpress Version 1.0 Beta #1

Since the first repost worked, I'm sending this and the explanation file as well.


BOUNDFN2.TXT (Mf, bondage, torture, rape, snuff?. . . yet a love-story)

This  story  was  precipitated by an ongoing  discussion  on  the
internet,  about rape, and whether or not it could be  "fun"  for
the rapee.  Having just finished writing "Bound for Fun I",  this
story almost begged to be written.  Just remember, that the "Joe"
in the story is a "nice" guy, and try to imagine what it would be
like, if he wasn't.

On the other hand, imagine what a torture the is to *Joe*,  being
a  nice-guy, doing this to someone he loved.  "Greater love  hath
no  man, than he give up his love willingly, for her  sake."   Or
something like that.













                        Bound for Fun II
                       A lesson about rape
                         A Horror Story?

     "Are you sure?"  I asked.
     June  looked at me seriously.  "I wouldn't ask, if I  wasn't
sure.  After last week, she's been getting more and more  daring.
This morning, she was dressed to go out, in an outfit that was an
open  invitation to rape. . . Well, you saw it, when she came  in
here.  What'd you think?"
     I  had  to agree.  The tiny tube-top, and  short  micro-mini
barely looked like two belts around the girls body, and they were
so tight, it was screamingly obvious that the 16-year-old  wasn't
wearing  either bra or panties underneath.  'Invitation to  rape'
was right.  The only thing  spoiling the sexiness of the  outfit,
was   that  the  child  had  way-overdone  the  makeup,  on   the
misunderstanding that lots of makeup made a girl look sexier.  As
it was, it was a wonder her mother had managed to get Lynn to his
apartment  without the signals the girl was sending  out  getting
BOTH  of them raped, and possibly dead.  A terrible  thought  for
me, considering the little girl might be carrying my baby in  her
tight little tummy.
     Then I had second thoughts.  Anyone tangling with June, well
I felt sorry for the poor schmuck.  A fifth-level black-belt, and
instructor in Karate, and she didn't take shit from nobody.   Not
even me, and I'm no shrinking violet.
     "So,  you want me to show her what it would REALLY be  like.
Huh?"
     "Well,  at least this way, I know where she is.  If I  don't
let her do this, she might go out some night, and not come  back.
I  wouldn't  even know where to find the body.  Promise  me,  you
won't take it easy on her, for both her sake and mine."
     "Promise.   'You  understand, that I can't go  by  the  same
ground rules, that we had before?"
     June  sighed.   "I understand.  Just try and  see  that  she
doesn't have any major fractures, or concussions.  And try not to
bruise her too badly."
     "What if she decides she likes it?  She did last time."
     "That's  what  I'm  trusting you to  do.   Ensure  that  she
DOESN'T like it.  Do you think you can?"
     I looked at her.
     June  looked  back and me and sighed again.   "I  guess  you
can."
     I asked her again, to be sure.  "You're sure you want this?"
     This time, there was no hesitation.  "I'm sure."
     "Let's check with her.  Maybe there's an easier way."
     We  went  into the bedroom, where Lynn was looking  over  my
supply  of restraints, dildos, manacles, clothespins,  whips  and
other   B&D   paraphernalia.   She  seemed  to   be   fascinated.
Hurriedly, she dropped the foot-and-a-half long "Smoky-Joe" black
dildo.   It was almost 6 inches around at the base.  I only  know
one woman who could take this without screaming in pain, and  SHE
sometimes  went  down to TJ to earn money by actually  fucking  a
donkey.
     I  was glad to see that she had seen it, as  it  established
the fact up front, that this might get nasty.  REALLY nasty.
     "Lynn?"   Said June.  "Are you sure you want to  go  through
with this?"
     "Yes Momma."  The little-girl voice, coming from that  slut-
outfit seemed out of place.  You really expected someone  wearing
a  street-walker outfit to "husk", low in the throat.  Still,  in
it's own way, it was incredibly sexy.
     "I just finished this story about where this girl gets raped
by  this  biker, and after he's used her for several  weeks,  she
decides  she  likes  it, and they end  up  married.    I've  been
dreaming  about that ever since.  Then there's that book by  that
famous  madam, where she tells how she got started, when a  group
of  guys  down at the local bar took her in the back  room,  and"
<giggle>  "Showed her the facts of life.  When she got  pregnant,
her  father threw her out, and she had such a fun  life  'working
the streets', until she met her pimp, and they set up a house  of
love, for everyone."  The girl's voice was dreamy.
     I looked at June, and she looked at me.
     "You  mean,  someone actually writes books  like  that?"   I
asked.
     June  nodded  sadly.   "You see what  I  mean?"   She  said.
"You'll do it?"
     "I'll  do  it."   I said firmly, meaning it  this  time.   I
couldn't  let  a  little  girl  end up  in  that  kind  of  life.
Especially not one who might be carrying my child.  I'd kill  her
myself,  before I let that happen to her.  I  shuddered,  knowing
that  after this weekend, no matter how it turned out, I'd  never
see Lynn again.  And, if her mother didn't follow my instructions
and  came  back  a little too early or  late,  probably  not  her
either.  Poor little Lynn.
     Her  mother  made one last try.  "You realize."   She  said.
"That when I leave you here tonight, I won't be back until Sunday
evening,  at 6:00.  I won't call to see if you're all right,  I'm
not even giving Mr. Jones here, my phone-number.  I'll be out  of
town,  and you can't call me either.  Besides, Mr. Jones says  he
just  had  the phone disconnected a couple of  days  ago  anyway.
You'll  be all alone here, and he can do whatever he  wants  with
you.  There's no 'safeword' this time.  I've given him permission
to  do  anything, that's anything at all, that he wants  to  with
you.  Rape you, beat you burn you, break your bones, sell you  to
anyone he wants to as a sex-toy, anything."
     "Mother,  you're  just trying to scare me.  My  mind's  made
up."
     "Well,  you can't say she isn't asking for it."  June and  I
looked at each other.  "Let's go."  She said.
     We  both  returned to the living room.  Boxes  were  stacked
around, half-full of dishes and clothes.  "Looks almost like  you
were  moving out."  She said.  We could both tell that  Lynn  was
listening in the other room.
     "I  am."  I said.  "After this, I won't have much reason  to
stick around."
     "No forwarding address?"
     I shrugged. "I dunno.  Maybe.  Probably not."
     "I  see.  You'll see that you get your fee, at least?"   She
looked at me pointedly.
     I  grinned  a  nasty grin.  "Well, I  figure  I  can  always
collect  from your daughter.  She'll be my fee, at least  partly,
if you know what I mean."
     "I guess I do."  Sadly.  "I guess I'd better go now."
     "Uhuh.   Now remember.  Lynn expects you back here  at  6:00
Sunday night.  Don't be late."  I emphasized that.  "And don't be
early either.  If you get here even 5 minutes before or after our
agreed  upon time, I don't know what might happen.  It  might  be
disastrous.  Not only for Lynn, but for you too."
     June got my message.  "Not one minute late."  She agreed.
     The door shut with a <click>.
     I waited a few seconds for her to get down the hall, as Lynn
came in from the bedroom.
     "Wahoo!"  I yelled.  "I can't believe the old biddy fell for
it!"
     "Huh?"  Said Lynn.
     "C'mere bitch!"  I said, chuckling nastily, as I grabbed her
arm,  twisted  it painfully, and dragged her  into  the  bedroom.
"So,  cute  little girl want's to find out what it's like  to  be
raped, huh.  Boy did you come to the right house!"
     "Hey!  You're hurting me!"  Exclaimed Lynn.
     "Baby, you ain't felt hurt yet!"  I sneered at her, grabbing
her  arm  and twisting it up behind her back, until I  heard  the
joints pop.
     Lynn screamed!
     "Now  that's  HURT."  I said with  satisfaction.   "Now  get
undressed  bitch.   I've got a lot of money to make  out  of  you
before 5:00 Sunday."
     "But  Momma's  not coming until 6:00." Said Lynn,  a  little
confused, rubbing her sore shoulder.
     "Yeah?  You really are nuts chick, if you think I'm going to
still  be here when she gets back.  You heard me tell her to  not
be early.  Well, if she follows her instructions right, I'll have
been gone for over an hour, and you won't be in any condition  to
care."
     Lynn finally looked frightened.  Too late now, I thought.
     "What do you mean?"
     "God what a dumb asshole.  I mean You'll be dead, and if she
goofs  up,  and shows up too early, she might  join  you.   You'd
better  hope your momma follows directions, if you like her.   Of
course,  a  dumb  broad  like you, probably  don't  give  a  shit
anyway."
     "MOMMA!"  Screamed Lynn, flying towards the door.
     I tripped her up, and grabbed her other arm, twisting it  as
she fell, to match the hurt she must feel in the other one.   Got
to  do this carefully.  If she gets too damaged, too  early,  she
won't  appreciate  the  rest of what  I  had  planned.   Besides,
"merchandise" sells better, if it's not too badly damaged.
     "Where the fuck d'ya think you're goin'?"  I asked.
     "Momma,   MOMMA!"  Shrieked Lynn.  It was no use.  June  was
long  gone, and wouldn't have come back anyway, even if  she  HAD
heard.  I decided I'd better make this clear to Lynn, as my  ears
were beginning to hurt.  A soundproofed apartment may keep  noise
out, but it's no protection when the noise is coming from inside.
     "Shut up, BITCH!"  I yelled, slapping her across the face so
hard  her  teeth  must have rattled.  Lynn was  so  shocked,  she
actually  obeyed.   I don't think ANYONE had ever  hit  her  that
hard, in her whole life.  A short 16 years, that didn't look like
was  going to get much longer for her.  Too bad.  She was such  a
nice  looker too.  Well, I couldn't start feeling sorry  for  her
now,  If  I couldn't stomach this, I'd never make it  to  Sunday.
Maybe,  neither would she.  "I'd better make that clear to  her."
I thought.
     "What'cha  waitin' for, Bitch?"  I snarled.  "I told you  to
get undressed!"  With this, I backhanded her, knocking her on the
bed, where she started to whimper, but when I looked at her,  she
obediently started to reach for her tube-top, and pull it up.   I
liked the peek of her little titties underneath, but decided  I'd
better speed things up.
     "Goddam  slow  bitch!"  I yelled at her.  "I said  take  'em
OFF!"   With this, I grabbed the top and ripped it off.  I  could
tell  that the elastic stung, when it snapped, freeing  her  bare
bosom.  God!  What a nice pair of titties.  It'd be a real  shame
to mark them up.  Well, I'd save that for last.
     I  reached for her mini-skirt, to rip it off also,  but  she
was  already  struggling as hard as she could to get out  of  it.
"Please?"  She whimpered.  Well, I didn't have a spare dress, and
she  might need it before Saturday-night.  Some guys were  coming
over  then, as well, and some guys liked to see a gal in a  mini-
skirt.  I regretted ripping the tube-top, for a second.
     "All  of  it, bitch!"  I snarled, looking pointedly  at  her
shoes and socks.  "Whores don't need clothes on, or shoes either!
Barefoot and pregnant.  That's the ticket."  Lynn's face paled.
     "Pregnant?"  She whispered.
     I  laughed  out  loud.  This little cookie  expects  to  get
raped,  and thinks the rapist is going to wear a CONDOM?!   "Yeah
pregnant!"  I chuckled.  "And I get first shot up the tube!"
     "No."  Whimpered Lynn.  "I don't want to have a baby.  NO!"
     I  ignored her, and started tying her leg to the  bed.   She
was in too much shock to fight me.  "Well,"  I said.  "that's one
worry you don't have."  I finished tying her feet, and started on
her arms.  Soon she was spread-eagled on the bed.  She looked too
woe-begone to fight.
     "What do you mean?"  She asked.
     I shut her up, by putting a gag in her mouth.
     Now  for  the  "piece-de-resistance" as it  was  called.   I
reached  under the bed, and pulled out "Big Jimmy".  Jimmy was  a
work  of art.  He had cost me over 700 dollars, from a man I  met
while I worked in the movies for a short while.  (No, I'm not  an
actor or stunt-man, I was what they call a "grip" or "gopher".  I
did things for other people.)  I had always wanted something like
this,  and  was  willing to pay the price.   7  inches  of  blade
protruded from what was approximately the same length of  handle.
Blued steel gave the impression of wickedness, and it was  sharp!
Jimmy  looked  twice as bad as he was, and he was  pretty  nasty.
Idly, I shaved a few hairs from my arm, testing.
     "Didn't you hear Kiddo?"  I asked.  "You and old Jimmy  here
are going to have a meeting about 5:00 o'clock Sunday night.  One
of the two of you won't survive the meeting.  I'm not worried too
much about Jimmy."
     Lynn's eyes got wide at this, but obviously she didn't quite
believe  it  yet.  Time to convince her.  "In the  meantime."   I
said, carefully holding "Big Jimmy" by the back of the blade, and
NOT  the  handle, I stuck him in the bedpost, where  he  quivered
eagerly.   Lynn looked at the big knife frightened.  I guess  she
thought it might fall down, and cut her by accident.  Fat chance.
     "Now," I said, grinning evilly.  "I'm going to do  something
I've always wanted to do.  Fuck a chick, while she's fertile, and
not worry about knocking her up."  While I said this, I leisurely
removed my clothes.
     For a moment, it looked like I wouldn't be able to pull  off
my part of the role of "Big Bad Rapist", as my hard-on wasn't  up
to  the job.  I managed to get it back, thinking  about  knocking
this cute little chick up, with her own mother's permission  yet.
Even,  if  you  thought  about  it  that  way,  with  Lynn's  own
permission.  After all, hadn't she agreed to this "rape", and for
sure  she had agreed, at least in default, when her mother  asked
if  she  wanted to be left her, where she knew I had  been  given
permission  to do "anything" I wanted to, to her.  That  included
fucking  her,  and  knocking her up, though she  might  not  have
thought about it before.  Too bad.
     Heck,  my  kid might already be kicking in her  belly  right
now,  what with that incredible scene the other week.  By now,  I
was ready.  Lynn wasn't.
     Again,  too bad.  I crawled between her legs, and pushed  my
cock  up  against her dry hole.  "How about it kid?"   I  grinned
down  at her, as she tried to squirm away.  "Want to feel a  real
man, making a baby in your belly?"
     "No?   Too  bad.  I do, and that's what  counts,  don't  it?
Heeere  it  comes!  One baby, in one little girl!"  I  jammed  my
penis up hard, in the little girl.
     Lynn tried to jerk away, yelling something into her gag.   I
think she was trying to say "No, no!", but all that came out  was
"Mmmph!  Mmmpph!"
     I ignored Lynn's protestations, and proceeded to jack off in
her.   That's  what  it was, as she wasn't  helping.   Quite  the
contrary!
     It  was when I finally started to jerk and spasm on  top  of
her,  as I filled her tight little cunny with baby-making  sperm,
that Lynn must have realized that I wasn't going to pull out, and
I wasn't using birth-control.  Lynn's gyrations grew frantic,  as
she realized I really WAS trying to impregnate her.  "Ungh   Ungh
Ungh!"  She panted, her gyrations making the bed swing, until the
headboard hit the wall.  "Bang   Bang   Bang!"
     I  grinned.  Even if I cared, it was a little too  late  for
that.   My  baby-making  sperm was already in  her  tight  little
belly,  wriggling  its  way up into her womb, in  search  of  her
waiting  egg.  A good chance it might find it too, as her  mother
had  told  me that her period was due in about a  little  over  a
week.   Yep!  I just MIGHT have knocked her up.  I hoped so.   It
would  be one of the few real pleasures I got out of  this.   The
money  was  just money.  The things a guy has to do,  to  make  a
living,  huh?  Back to work.  Now, I could finally get the  point
across to Lynn.  Up to this moment, she had thought that this was
HER  fantasy I was acting out.  Nothing could have  been  farther
from the truth.  It was going to be her worst nightmare, before I
got through.
     Lynn  had finally stopped struggling.  She knew it  was  too
late now, and my seed was already in her womb.
     I   took  the  gag  out  of  her  mouth.   For   this   next
conversation, it was best  that she be able to talk.
     "Why didn't you stop!"  She wailed.  "Oh GOD!  I'm  probably
pregnant."  Why didn't you stop?"  She started whimpering.
     "Why should I?"  I asked reasonably.  "Oh, that 'safeword'?"
don't  you remember?  There is no safeword.  I can do whatever  I
want with you.  Even kill you if I like."
     The look on Lynn's face, was precious to behold.  Up to now,
she  had  thought SHE had some control over what  was  happening.
Time  to disabuse her of that notion.  Well, not  completely.   I
wanted  her  to THINK she had the option of an early  death.   Of
course, if she actually CHOSE that option, all bets were off.   I
was  betting she wouldn't chose to die early.  Of course, if  she
did maybe I would have succeeded anyway.  It just wasn't the main
plan,  that's all.  I had made some emergency plans in  case  she
did though.
     "Momma didn't say that."  She whispered.
     "Momma don't HAVE a say."  I grinned at her.  It was a nasty
grin.   I continued.  "Let's just examine what your  mother  did.
She  left a cute little sexy 16 year old girl, all alone, with  a
man  she  knew had sadistical tendencies, for  three  days,  with
instructions  to do 'whatever he wants' to do to her.  I want  to
do a lot.  I've always wanted some spoiled brat like you to be my
whore and sex-toy, and for the next three days, you will be."
     "Oh no."  Said Lynn.
     "Oh  yes!  And that ain't all Kiddo.  All the apartments  on
this floor are soundproofed.  You wanta' know why?"
     Lynn looked at me wide-eyed.
     "It's because it's owned by people who cater to people  like
me.   Sadists and bondage freaks, who don't want some  wise-assed
cops busting in on them just because they're having a little  fun
with their friends.  Get the picture?"
     I could see that Lynn was beginning to get it.
     "By the time I get through with you, Sweetie, there won't be
enough  left  to return to your mother.  So, I'll be  cutting  my
losses, about 5:00 Sunday night.  YOU are my losses.  If I  leave
you  here  alive, to tell who helped me do this to  you,  They'll
kill  ME.  Afterwards, I'm gone.  Did you notice how  I'm  almost
packed to be moving out of here?"
     Lynn nodded.
     Well, by 6:00 Sunday, when your mother gets back, your  body
is going to be getting cold, and so will my trail.  You'd  better
hope  that your Momma don't come back too soon, or hers  will  be
joining  yours.   Now I'm going to stick this gag  back  in  your
mouth,  while  I go get a few friends.  A cute  chick  like  you,
deserves  to be fucked a lot, before she kicks the  bucket.   I'm
going  to see that you get about a lifetime's worth, in the  next
three days.  Oh, and Lynn?"  I said, getting her attention again.
     Lynn looked at me, with hate in her eyes.  Good! just what I
wanted!
     "Lynn."   I repeated.  "I want you to listen  closely.   I'm
going  to  be bringing 5 or 6 guys over here at a  time.   You're
sometimes  going to be tied up, and sometimes not.  In any  case,
there will always be at least 5 of us, and only one of you.   You
won't  be  able  to get away.  Now I want you to be  NICE  to  my
friends.   If  not, I might have to 'cut my  losses'  early.   Or
would  you  prefer that?  If you want, I can always give  you  an
abortion  right now, to get that kid out, that I planted in  your
belly.   Is that what you want Lynn?  Old Jimmy here, is kind  of
thirsty.  Maybe I should give him a little drink, whad'dya  say?"
Lynn  flinched,  as I ran the tip of the knife  across  her  bare
little  belly, leaving a faint red line of blood.  Jimmy's  point
was SHARP!
     "No?   Then  you'd  better be NICE to  my  friends,  and  do
anything they ask.  That's fuck, suck, eat their shit, lick their
ass, drink their piss, anything."
     Lynn looked at me horrified.
     "In  fact,"   I  continued. "That last one's  a  good  idea!
Lynn,  You're our toilet.  Anytime any of these guys has  to  go,
you take care of them.  If they have to shit, you swallow it, and
lick  them  clean, afterwards.  You DON'T spit it out.   If  they
have to piss, you drink it."
     "I. I. I can't do that."  Said Lynn, shuddering.
     "You  can't?"   I asked.  "Oh Lynn, I'm so sorry!   I  guess
I'll  just have to cut my losses right now."  I said,  drawing  a
bright-red line across her belly.
     "Goodbye Lynn."  I raised the knife, to drive it up into her
flat little tummy.
     "NO!  WAIT!"  Screamed Lynn, as I deflected my blow into the
bedsheets.   The  knife  was  buried  to  the  hilt  beside  her.
Hopefully,  she wouldn't notice the hole in the mattress, when  I
pulled it out.
     "I'll do it!"  She sobbed.  "Anything.  Just don't kill me!"
     I paused as if to consider.  "Anything?"
     "Anything.  Just don't kill me.  Please!"
     "OK."   I said  "You get one chance.  From now until  Sunday
night,  if  you  screw  up even once,  we  shut  up  shop  early.
Understand  what  I mean?  No excuses.  You eat shit, as  if  you
like  it.  You fuck anybody and anything, as if that's  what  you
live for, because it is.  If I bring a horse in here, you do your
damndest  to  get pregnant by it, if that's what the  guys  want.
Now I'm going to give you your first test right now.  If you fail
this one, it's all over.  On the other hand, If you manage  this,
you probably won't have any trouble with the rest.  Understand?"
     Tears running down her cheeks, Lynn nodded.
     "I didn't hear any response."  I said, picking up the  knife
again.  I can act the true S.O.B. when I want to.
     "I'll do it.  I'll eat your shit and love it.  I'll fuck the
horse.   I'll let you make a baby in me.  I'll drink your  urine.
I'll.   I'll.  I'll do ANYTHING!"  She was babbling now.   PLEASE
don't kill me!"
     "Let's  see  how  well you mean  that."   I  said,  sticking
"Jimmy" in the bedpost again.  "I need to use the toilet.   Could
you open your mouth please?  Notice I said please.  We'll  always
ask you nicely."
     Dutifully,  Lynn opened her mouth, as I squatted  down  over
her face, on the bed.  Tears were streaming from her eyes, but it
looked  like she was going to do it.  Time for me to be the  REAL
bastard.
     "You're  not smiling."  I said.  "I don't think  you  really
like this idea.  Well, I guess I'd better not. . ."  I started to
get up.
     "No!   Please!  I LOVE it.  PLEASE let me eat your shit.   I
want  to,  REALLY.  Please let me be your toilet.  I  LOVE  shit.
I'm  so thirsty for piss.  Please shit in me.  Please!"  She  was
trying  her damndest to smile, but it looked more like  a  death-
mask,  she was shaking so hard with fear.  Tears of  fright  were
streaming past her ears, as she tried to convince me.  I  decided
I'd pushed her far enough.
     "OK."   I said, relenting.  "If you want it so bad, I  guess
I'll give you some.  Grunting, I strained, and a big healthy turd
slowly  forced its way out.  Lynn forced her mouth up against  my
ass, and started gulping.  I could feel the nip of her teeth,  as
she  hurried to bite off chunks and swallow them, before  another
one  came out.  Shortly, I felt a cramp take me, and a  big  long
one rushed out, and Lynn fought to keep up with it,  I could tell
she  was losing the battle, and I knew if she did, it'd  fill  up
her nose and mouth, and she'd choke to death on my shit.  I  sure
didn't want her to die THAT way.
     I  pulled  up, allowing her a chance to  catch  her  breath,
before swallowing the rest of it.  Then another cramp hit me, and
another turd came out, only this one was softer and smellier, and
generally ickier.  Lynn didn't stop.  She kept on eating, forcing
herself  to gorge on my shit.  When I slowed down,  she  actually
SUCKED  a  last sticky turd out of my asshole, before  trying  to
lick  me  clean  all  over.  I  stood  up,  then  turned  around.
Bravely,  Lynn  tried  to smile at me, as she  licked  her  lips,
trying to clean the taste out of her mouth.
     "That's  a  VERY good toilet."  I said.  Lynn smiled  for  a
second.   This  looked more genuine,  I guess she was  happy  she
wasn't  going to die.  "I need to take a pee."  I said.  Could  I
please use the urinal?"  Lynn's eyes grew big, but she lifted her
head,  and  strained  to  get my cock  in  her  mouth.   I'm  not
completely unfeeling, so I moved up closer, so she didn't have to
strain her neck.  It had been a good two hours since I last  took
a pee, so I let go a good healthy blast down her throat,  washing
the  remains  of my shit away.  It felt like a gallon of  pee,  I
poured  down  her throat, and she drank every drop.   Seeing  her
pouty little lips wrapped around my straining cock, as it  pulsed
repeatedly,  sending  gush  after  gush or  warm  piss  down  her
frantically swallowing throat, was incredibly sexy.  My cock  got
so hard, it finally shut off the flow of urine.  Oh Well.   She'd
get the rest later.
     "Such a GOOD toilet."  I said.  "One you don't even have  to
flush!"
     Lynn  smiled  dutifully, at my joke,  then  suddenly  turned
pale.  Her belly started to jerk, and her face turned green.
     "DON'T YOU DARE!"  I said to her.  "If you vomit all over my
nice clean sheets, I'll. . ."  I didn't need to say it.
     Lynn  turned  even  greener, at the thought  of  my  threat.
"Bathroom."  She croaked.  "Got to use the bathroom."
     "NO."   I said.  This was the turning point.  If  she  could
get  over  this, everything else was downhill.  At  least,  until
Sunday night.  "That's MY shit, and MY piss.  You don't throw  it
up.  Understand?"
     Lynn  nodded, and fought to regain control of  her  stomach.
Somehow,  she  did it.  The ripples stopped running  through  her
tummy,  and she finally smiled at me.  "Thanks for  feeding  me."
She said.
     "You're welcome."  I replied.  Hey, just because I'm  acting
like  a  bastard,  doesn't mean I'm going  to  play  an  impolite
bastard.   "Let's see if we can plant another baby in  that  cute
little tummy of yours, before the other guys get here.  Okay?"
     "Gee, that'd be wonderful."  She said, trying hard to  fight
back  a  gulp, and keep on smiling.  She actually  did  manage  a
creditable smile.  "I'd like to feel you getting me pregnant."
     If there's anything designed to give a guy a hard-on, that's
the  phrase,  especially  when said by a  cute  sexy  16-year-old
little girl.  My hard-on grew even bigger, if possible.
     There  was  one slight problem.  Lynn's  breath,  which  was
usually so sweet, now smelled like an outhouse.  Which in a  way,
it  was.  I got up, and went into the kitchen, returning  with  a
wet rag, and a glass of orange-juice.
     "Here."   I said, wiping her mouth and cheeks, even  running
it  around her teeth.  Then I gave her the glass of juice,  as  I
explained.   "You  get a wipe, and a glass of juice,  every  time
someone uses you to shit in.  From now on, that, shit, and  piss,
is  all you get to eat and drink, until Sunday night.  If  you've
been a NICE girl, and kept me and the boys REAL happy, you get  a
last  meal  then.   Probably  Pizza, as we  can't  send  out  for
anything fancy."
     "Do you have to?"  She asked, looking at the knife buried in
the bedpost.
     "Sorry Kiddo, but I do.  You don't know HOW sorry I am."
     "Not  as sorry as I am."  She muttered, then looked  scared.
Had she broken the rules?
     I  grinned at her.  "Hey!  I didn't say you had to be  happy
to die!  Just to 'service' me and the boys.  We'll treat you real
nice. . . . Well, all the guys are 'tops', but we won't beat  you
harder than you can take.  Nothing worse than last week, and  you
took that pretty good."
     Lynn  shivered  at the thought of three whole days,  of  the
torture I had put her through for only six hours.  She had barely
been  able to take that!  And from 6 guys at once.  She  shivered
again.   I  didn't give her a chance to think about it.   If  she
did, she might decide to take that "out" of a blade in the  belly
early.
     "C'mon."   I said.  "Let's you and me get busy  making  that
baby."
     This time Lynn DID smile.  Fucking, even getting knocked-up,
seemed  so  MUCH preferable to the other  alternatives.   Fucking
could  be  fun.  It was.  This time, with  Lynn  murmuring  sweet
nothings in my ear, about how she'd like to feel my baby  growing
inside her, and have my children, made me cum much sooner than  I
wanted to.  I think Lynn figured that if I knew she was  pregnant
with  my kid, I might not kill her.  I would have LIKED to  spend
over  an  hour pumping her tight little belly full  of  my  baby-
juice, but duty and a shrunken cock made me decide otherwise.
     When  I finished, I grabbed the bag from under the bed,  and
turning around, I let Lynn clean up my penis and crotch with  her
tongue, while I fitted the cap in her.  I'm not telling you where
I  got a set of 6 variously sized cervical caps from,  except  to
say that it's probably illegal, but I did have them.  The  second
from the smallest, fitted Lynn perfectly.  After fitting it  over
her  uterus,  I  filled her vagina with a  squirt  of  spermicide
jelly.   I  didn't want my sperm to have to compete  with  anyone
else's for space in her womb.  She couldn't see what I was doing,
and  I definitely didn't want to tell her.  I kept Lynn too  busy
sucking my cock, to ask questions, while I did this.  I gave  her
one  last big healthy squirt of pee in her mouth, while I was  at
it, as it would be a while before I returned, and I wanted to  be
sure  she got it all.  This time, she really acted as though  she
liked it.  When she started to speak after I got up, I  hurriedly
stuffed  the gag in her mouth.  I was hoping that she would  have
forgotten her question, by the time I got back.
     I looked her over before I left.  No bruises yet, a face red
from crying, and where I had slapped her earlier, but except  for
that,  the  only visible damage was a slight scratch  across  her
smooth little belly, left by "Jimmy".  Thoughtfully, I slid Jimmy
into  his case, and back under the bed.  No point in  making  her
more  miserable  at this point by reminding her of  her  upcoming
fate, than need be.  That was to come later.
     "I'll be back in an hour or so."  I said.  "While I'm  gone,
I want you to think of what happens if I DON'T come back.  If the
police  pick  me  up or something, your mother  MIGHT  get  back,
before you die of thirst, but she might not.  Thirst is a  pretty
nasty  way to die, especially if your belly is full of  pee.   Oh
yes.  Don't pee in the bed, while I'm gone.  I sleep in that bed,
and you're liable to make me mad.  Understand?"
     "Ummummuumpph"
     I guess it was "understand"  Lynn didn't want to make me mad
again,  by not responding.  I grabbed my coat, and  left,  making
SURE  to  lock  the  door.  No point  in  having  some  insurance
salesman  come  in and find Lynn all trussed up  like  that.   He
might not understand.  I'm not sure at this point, if I did.
     I  deliberately  stayed out longer than necessary.   It  was
just  barely  over  two  hours later, that  I  returned  with  my
specially  picked  cadre of accomplices.  What  a  crew.   First,
there was Mack.  Mack wasn't his real name, but he not only drove
Mack  trucks, he was built like one.  He was the  second  biggest
man  in the group.  He liked big muscular women, and this  wasn't
really  his "cup of tea" but when I explained it to him, he  said
he  wouldn't mind jumping the bones of a high-school chick for  a
change.  Joe, was mean and nasty looking, like a weasel.  He  had
a nasty sense of humor, and for a moment I had considered leaving
him  out.  He had promised to only use his "funny" gags where  it
wouldn't  do more than hurt Lynn's feelings a lot, and  her  body
only marginally.  He said that he had kids too.  Hard to believe,
huh?  Frank looked almost like a nerd, but even though some would
consider him "over the hill" he still had the best imagination of
the lot of us, when it came to ingenious torture.  Especially the
kind  that hurt, but didn't damage.  Fred was a guy you'd  expect
to be a bookkeeper.  He wasn't.  He was one of the richest men in
the  city.  He also kept his own private stable of "slaves"  both
male  and  female eager to do his every wish.   Fred  was  Damned
good.   He  was  the  one person I trusted  to  handle  this  job
properly, as much as I did myself.  Finally, there was Moe.   Moe
didn't really belong in this group.  He was too kind-hearted.  By
far  the biggest and BLACKEST man I've ever met, he  looked  like
the stereotype "big black stud".  His cock was almost big  enough
for  the job too.  At slightly over 8 inches, it was  the  second
largest in the group, second only to Fred.
     As you've figured by now, all of us were "tops", or  bondage
experts  who  enjoyed  torture games with  lesser  mortals.   All
except  Moe.  I picked Moe, for his looks.  The idea  of  getting
knocked-up,  by  a big black-guy like him,  would  probably  give
little  Lynn  the fits, if she had even the least bit  of  racism
about her.  I figured she had to, being raised so "genteel".   If
not,  the  thought  of  carrying a  black  baby  would  STILL  be
frightening to her, as her peers would rip her to shreds.  That's
why  I was so pleased, that Moe was as black as he was.  If  Lynn
had a baby by HIM, there would he no doubt she had been fucking a
"nigger".   (No, I don't like the expression myself,  but  THAT's
what  her  school mates would call her baby, as sure as  the  sun
rises  in the morning.)  I also knew that Moe wouldn't hurt  her,
big  as he was.  Still, he had promised to follow  through,  just
like  the  rest of us.  We all came out of this smelling  like  a
rose, or we all ended up in the hoosegow together.  Moe  confided
in  me  privately, that he had always wondered what it  would  be
like to fuck a "white woman".  Now he'd finally find out.
     When  we  got  back,  we all dropped  off  packages  in  the
kitchen.   (Mostly beer, soda-pop, milk, Kool-Aid,  orange-juice,
apple-juice, grape-juice.  .  .  You get the Idea.)  I went in to
check on Lynn.  Joe put his chair to the door, blocking it, while
I did so.
      "Bathroom!"  Was  Lynn's first word when I pulled  out  the
gag.  "GOT to go."
     "Uhuh."  I said.  "You're the toilet.  We all get to  go  in
you, before you get to go."
     She didn't argue.  "Could you pee in me please?" She begged.
"I need it bad, so I'll have lots of piss in me when I go."
     How  could  I  refuse  such a nice  request?  The  moment  I
finished unloosing her bonds, I pulled out my cock, and  squirted
half a gallon of pee down her hard-working little throat.  When I
finished,  she  was going to pull off, but she had gotten  me  so
excited,  that  I had to give her some sperm to drink,  as  well.
Pretty  neat  huh? Drink AND food, from the same spout,  She  was
going to get a lot of this high-protein snack, in the coming  two
and a half days.
     When she finished with me, she hurried into the other  room,
and almost staggered, when she saw the task ahead of her.  Still,
she went about it gamely, politely asking each of the men, if  he
could  pee  in  her,  so  that she  could  go  to  the  bathroom.
Everybody was agreeable to this task, and she must have swallowed
over  a gallon of pee, and at least two more helpings  of  sperm,
before  everyone was drained.  I let her into the  bathroom,  and
followed her to assure that she didn't vomit anything up,  before
she returned.  Watching her piss, got me a little excited, and  I
had to pee in her, while she sat there.  It was almost like I was
pissing through her, as I peed in her mouth, while she let out  a
river  of piss into the bowl.  I complimented her afterwards,  on
being a much better "toilet" than the one in the bathroom,  since
we didn't have to "flush" her.
     Afterwards,  we  headed back to the living room,  where  she
looked at me, for directions.  I gestured to all of them.   "Make
them happy."  Was all I said.  She did.
     Steeling  herself, Lynn took on what she saw as the  biggest
challenge  first.  She walked up to Moe, and asked  him  sweetly.
"Mr.  Uh.  .  ."
     "Call me Moe."  Said the gentle giant.
     "Moe, could you make a baby in me please?"  Lynn looked over
at me, to see if she had gotten it right.
     I  gave her the "OK"  sign, and she relaxed a  little,  then
tensed up again, as she remembered what she had just asked for.
     "I'd  be delighted to Ma'm."  Said Moe, and proceeded to  do
just  that, in front of everybody.  "I've always wanted to  knock
up  a  white  chick."  He said, as his  enormous  cock  stretched
Lynn's  tight little belly.  For a second, I was  worried,  about
the  cervical  cap I had placed inside her, but  then  remembered
that  the doctor who had shown me how to put one in, had  assured
me  that  even an enormous cock would just push  it  on  tighter,
making  it even LESS likely that his sperm would get in  to  join
mine.
     That  was the start of an orgy that lasted almost the  three
full  days.  Even when I was sleeping, I'd occasionally wake  up,
and  find two or three guys on top of her or just somehow  inside
her,  working  to fill her young body with yet  another  generous
helping of sperm.
     They  spanked, and paddled, and tweaked and tortured her  in
so many minor ways.  Her body turned a constant red, looking like
a  sunburn,  as  any  unused patch of skin turned  out  to  be  a
convenient target for a slap, or paddle, or whip.  Not to mention
clips, pincers, clothespins, and various restraint devices.
     Finally, by the end of the second day, Lynn was so worn-out,
that  she started dropping off to sleep, even while  being  gang-
raped.   I  would have called a halt, but we had  only  about  14
hours  to  go.   I had them start whipping  her  awake,  and  her
thanking  them for the whipping, whenever she started to  drowse,
while being fucked.
     All  this  time,  we constantly used her  for  our  "toilet"
nobody ever went to the bathroom, except in her.  She drank every
drop  of  our pee, always being sure that nobody  needed  to  go"
before she went herself.  She ate everybody's shit at least once,
and  mine and Frank's twice.  The reason she didn't have  to  eat
more,  was  that everybody just drank beer, and  pop,  and  other
drinks,  all  the  time  we were  there.   (I  wasn't  COMPLETELY
heartless,  so I had insisted on this.  The guys had all  agreed,
saying  it  was  more  fun to PISS in a girl  than  shit  in  her
anyway.)   With as much liquid as we drank, it wasn't as bad  for
Lynn, as you might think.  A man's urine gets stronger, the  less
he  drinks, and the longer he goes without peeing.  We  were  all
drinking  about a gallon an hour, and pissing almost  that  much.
As for Lynn, well you figure it out.  She was going to the  potty
about 5 or 6 times an hour, peeing gallons each time.
     Finally, I called a halt for 4 hours, and let Lynn  collapse
on the bed, after one last trip to the John.  When she awoke, she
had to service everybody, before being allowed to empty  herself.
I could have sworn I heard her sloshing, as she finally rushed by
me, on the way to empty herself out.  I was right.  Her tummy was
swollen with all our piss in it, and she STILL sloshed, when  she
returned.   5 minutes later, she had to go again, then 5  minutes
after  that.   It took her an hour, before her tummy  started  to
look normal, and she was only going every 10 or 15 minutes again.
     Then,  we started to get REALLY rough.  We started  slapping
her for no reason at all, calling her nasty names.  Whipping  her
for  imagined slights, and every humiliating nasty thing, 5  top-
quality  tops  could think of doing to a little girl.   Once,  we
even put "Smokey Joe" up her little behind, stretching it,  until
we saw the first tear, and a drop of blood ran down her leg.  She
must  have felt like an elephant had shoved his cock up her  ass.
All  the while, she kept pleading with us to do more.  She  could
take more of it, etc.  (I lied, and told her she had it all.   As
she couldn't see back there, she believed me.  Actually, she only
had a little over half of it.  The point was, she THOUGHT she had
the  whole thing in her, and she THOUGHT she was  ruined  forever
back there.  We didn't disabuse her of that notion.)
     At about 3 in the afternoon, things began to die down.   Moe
had left about 2 hours earlier, as he couldn't stand to see  what
was coming up.  By about 3:30, the others started to get ready to
leave,  saying "It's been nice knowing you Kid." and things  like
that,  to  Lynn, before they left.  Each one paid me,  then  said
goodbye to Lynn, in such a way, that Lynn knew he felt sorry  for
her, and that he also knew that she was not going to be alive  by
tomorrow.
     At  4:00,  Frank left, just as Fred returned with  a  Pizza.
Pepperoni and Mushroom.  Lynn's favorite, as her mother had  told
me before she left.  Fred, Frank and I had stopped using Lynn  as
our "toilet" about an hour before.  We told her, we wanted her to
have  a  good appetite, for her last meal.  Lynn looked  so  woe-
begone,  that she could barely choke down a half a slice,  and  I
could tell that she was starving.  We let her drink anything  she
wanted  too.  She stuck mostly to the milk, and a  little  grape-
juice, but she wouldn't touch the orange-juice.  She even tried a
little  beer,  saying she should try everything, at  least  once.
She didn't like it, and returned to the milk.
     It  was all Fred and I could do to keep from crying,  as  we
watched her trying to make a brave show of it.  If she only  knew
how  much it hurt us. . .  Well, maybe she did.  She didn't  beg,
she  just  looked so sad, tears running down her  cheeks,  as  we
strapped  her  for that final time in the big  bed.   Fred  waved
goodbye from the door.  "Goodbye Lynn.  Sorry I've got to go, but
I've  got to establish my alibi, you know.  You were  GREAT!   Oh
here, Jonesy old chap.  Here's my $400.  I've got to say, she was
every  bit as nice as you promised us.  Seems almost a shame,  to
waste her.  Pity."
     "HAVE  I  been NICE enough?"  Lynn asked me, just  before  I
closed her mouth, for the final time, with the gag.
     "Honey,  You've been unbelievably 'nice'."  I answered  her.
That's  why  I'm putting this off to the absolute  last  possible
moment.  You deserve that much."
     "Then WHY?!"  Her eyes asked, as her mouth no longer could.
     "Because of you!"  I finally broke down.  "You and your damn
silly  'rape' fantasy.  When I first met you, I thought  'There's
the  kind  of girl I could go for.  WAY too young, but  what  I'd
give for even one little kiss from those lips.'  Then, last week,
you  turned  out  to be the perfect 'bottom'  for  my  top.   You
actually  liked me, and gave me 6 of the most wonderful hours  of
my  life.  I wanted to ask you to marry me, even though I'm  over
10  years older than you.  I was having fantasies about  spending
the  rest  of  my  life with you.  Then you  came  up  with  this
bullshit about the 'fun' of getting raped.  I knew you were going
to do it, so I figured why shouldn't I have the fun, and get paid
for  it too.  I knew that with a fantasy like that,  you'd  never
want  an old fart like me.  Besides, you'd be dead in three  days
anyway,  so why shouldn't I get to have you, and the  money  too,
instead of some young punk  Your mother put up half the money  in
front,  and the guys put up the rest.  Your mother  figures  that
you're safe, because she only paid me half.  Well I know I'm  not
safe, not after this, no matter what she says.  So, I arranged to
get my pay from the boys, and the heck with your mother.  By  the
time  she  gets  back, I'll be gone, and you'll be  just  a  fond
memory.  Sorry Kiddo, but them's the breaks.  I value my own neck
even  more than yours.  I gotta' get packing now, as I wanta'  be
gone before your mother gets back.  One dead body's quite enough.
If I leave two, the cops might NEVER let up."
     With  this, I stopped talking, and started throwing the  few
remaining  articles in the room into boxes.  I stripped the  bed,
from  under  and around Lynn, and packed the  bedding  too,  just
leaving  her a sheet and an old pillow, without the case.  I  had
plans for that pillow.
     By  a  quarter of 5:00, I had moved everything  out  of  the
bedroom  where  Lynn  couldn't  see it  anymore.   The  room  was
obviously stripped.  Then it was 5:50.  Time for the final act.
     "Well, Kiddo."  I said.  "It's time to say goodbye."
     I pulled her gag off, for the last time, and kissed her.
     Frantically Lynn looked for some last way out, as I opened a
can  of clear fluid, and poured half the contents on the  pillow,
which  soaked  it  up  like  a  sponge.   The  odor  was   almost
overwhelming.
     "What's that?!"  She cried frantically.
     "Chloroform."   I  explained.  "You've been good  enough,  I
figured  you deserved it.  At least this way, you won't feel  it,
when  I  cut you."  With this, I placed  the  chloroform  covered
pillow  over  her  face, and ignoring  her  frantic  last  minute
struggles  and  muffled pleas, I held it there,  until  she  went
limp.   This last step required perfect timing.  I looked out  in
the  living  room  where, out of sight of  Lynn,  everything  was
packed, and ready for the final act.
     I  picked up "Jimmy" and stood at the foot of the bed.   The
pillow had fallen away from Lynn's head, and she was starting  to
stir again, as I readied myself.
     I looked one last time at Lynn's beautiful body, knowing I'd
never  see it again.  It was beautiful, and a beautiful job  too,
if  I do say so myself.  The whole body was covered  with  welts,
red-marks, scratches and abrasions.  Not one square inch had been
neglected.   Still,  there  were no broken  bones,  and  not  one
bruise.   In normal circumstances, she'd heal in about  the  same
three days, it took her to get this way, with not a mark to  show
for it.  Under normal circumstances.  I knew that the ache in  my
heart,  would  never heal.  I raised my arm to  strike,  just  as
Lynn's  eyes flickered open, and caught mine.  Two minutes to  5.
Time to go.
     "Sorry Lynn."  I said.  "I Love you.  Try to remember that."
and I shoved the big blade up in her belly, with terrible  force.
It takes a lot of energy to force even a sharp blade into a human
being.   As  I said though, Jimmy was  special.   Red  splattered
everywhere.  All over her belly, on my hands, all over the knife.
     Feeling the sting of penetration, and the force of the  blow
to  her  stomach was too much of a shock to Lynn.   She  couldn't
even scream.  Her eyes locked in mine, in shock.  Somehow, I  got
the impression that up to that moment she hadn't really  believed
I  would  do  it.   She somehow  thought  I'd  "chicken  out"  or
something.   It wasn't real, until that final blow.   Now  seeing
the  knife sticking in her belly, while her mind reeled from  the
deadly blow, it finally got home to her.  This wasn't a game, and
it  was now too late to back out, and "go home to Momma".   There
would  be no more "going home" for her, except the final one.   I
really  felt sorry for her.  Really I did.  I felt  even  sorrier
for  myself  though.   I came back to  my  senses.   Lynn  wasn't
chloroformed.  She would be feeling everything.
     Hurriedly, I grabbed the pillow, and held it over her  face,
until  she went under again.  I hate chloroform, as it's a  lousy
anesthetic, and it's volatile, and a fire-hazard, not to  mention
deadly if not used right.  Still, it's what I had, and it is easy
to  get,  or procure, as it's not all that hard to make,  if  you
have to and are familiar with a chemistry set.  I was.  Also with
suppliers  of industrial chemicals, which made it even easier  to
get.  Now to finish up the final act, and get out, before it  was
too late.  I reached under the bed, and pulled out a few items  I
had stashed there.  I used them on the girl's belly, getting  red
all  over  my hands.  Jimmy had done his work  well.   I  figured
there was no need for a repeat.  I pulled a sheet over the  girl,
and  red  started to soak in immediately.  I pulled it  back,  to
uncover  the  upper half of her body.  She  looked  so  peaceful.
Almost as if she was sleeping.  I picked up Jimmy, and headed for
the door.
     I  looked  back at Lynn.  She was staring at me!   Shit!   I
dropped Jimmy on the floor, with a clatter, and picked him up.
     As  if on cue, June came in the bedroom.  She took one  look
at the bloodsoaked body on the bed, and screamed.  "LYNN!"
     Lynn looked at me, trying to warn her mother.  "Momma!"  She
yelled.  "Look out!"
     It  was  too late.  Coming up from the floor, almost  as  if
planned,  I  plunged the big knife into her belly, as hard  as  I
could.   June  was tough, and I wasn't taking any  chances  of  a
mistake.  As she folded over my arm, I withdrew the  red-streaked
blade, and plunged it into her again, this time a little  higher.
The result was gratifying.  Red squirted violently, all over  the
place.   June collapsed in a heap on the floor, as I  pulled  the
red-smeared blade back from her dress.  She moaned, then jerked a
couple of times, then was still.
     "YOU!"  I yelled at Lynn.  "How many times do I have to kill
you?"   I  grabbed  big Jimmy, and the pillow,  and  holding  the
pillow over her head, I ran big Jimmy across her throat.  A  Line
of even brighter red followed.  Once again, I held the pillow  in
place,  while her struggles weakened.  I wondered  what  thoughts
were  running through Lynn's mind, as she felt the horrible  pain
in her belly, and life faded for the last time, knowing that  she
was  responsible for not only her own death, but her mother's  as
well.  At last, her struggles came to a halt.  She gave one  last
shudder, and was still.  The final act was over.

     ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

     I  was weeping, by this time.  I couldn't help  it.   Still,
there  was  more  work to be done.  I  removed  the  pillow,  and
checked Lynn's pulse, then turned to the woman lying sprawled  so
awkwardly on the bedroom floor.
     "C'mon You.  Get up."  I growled to June.  "I didn't hit you
that hard.  Besides, that stomach of yours, is as hard as a rock.
I  need help, so get your ass moving, before she wakes up  again.
I  don't  dare use that chloroform again, it's  tricky  poisonous
stuff.  I've been lucky so far, but I don't want to push it."
     "You hit me harder that you think."  Said June, with a moan,
as  she untangled herself from the floor.  Bright red streaks  of
"prop blood" covered her like a scene from a horror-movie  which,
in  a sense, this had been.  "Either that, or I'm getting out  of
shape.  Still, you're right, lets go."
     June  untied  the  bonds holding Lynn to the  bed,  while  I
removed  the plastic clothespins that had made Lynn's belly  hurt
just  like it had been ripped by a knife.  I grabbed a wet  towel
that  June  handed me, and wiped the fake blood  off  her  belly,
looking for the real thing.  There was only a drop, seeping  from
the  spot  where "big Jimmy"'s point had started in,  before  the
release-mechanism let go.  As a prop-knife, Jimmy was one of  the
finest  made,  with blood-gullets, and a  repeat-mechanism,  that
made it look like you hit an artery, the second time you used it.
As I said earlier, Jimmy was a work of art.  I'd have to spend at
least an hour cleaning him, after this workout.  Still, it  would
be worth it.
     June  looked  at Lynn's worked-over body.   "Boy,  you  guys
really  did a number on her didn't you?"  She said.  Besides  the
previously mentioned welts and abrasions, there were big gobs  of
dried  cum  all matted up in her pubic hair, cum was  even  still
dripping from her vagina and overstretched little ass.  June  was
right.  Lynn was a mess.
     After  checking  to  make  sure  she  was  still   breathing
properly,  we  hauled Lynn's limp body into the  bathroom,  where
June first gave her a healing douche, pulled out the cervical-cap
and looked at it, before handing to me (I blushed), then  douched
her again.
     We  both then stripped naked, out of our  "bloody"  clothes,
and together we manhandled her into the shower.  With me holding,
and  her soaping, we managed to get the cum and shit, and  stains
off her body.  By this time, Lynn was beginning to arouse  again.
She put up with our ministrations, without objection, seeming  to
realize  that she was in friendly hands now.  She didn't seem  to
be fully aware of what was going on though.  Afterwards, we wiped
her  down, and dressed her in a short, but not TOO  short  dress,
that  her  mother had brought over.  She had fresh  clothing  for
herself  too.   She had followed my instructions to  the  letter,
even  waiting until I "accidentally" dropped big Jimmy, to  enter
the  bedroom.   I hoped that Lynn learned the lesson,  that:   A.
Getting "raped" wasn't fun.  B.  She could get killed.  C.  Those
she  loved could get killed (like her mother had), and D.   Those
who loved her could lose her too (like me.  No, that wasn't  even
a hope.  I knew I'd never see her again.)
     I watched them go, with an empty ache in my heart.  Lynn was
still  being  supported by her mother, but seemed  stronger  with
every  step.   June  had  tried  to pay  me  the  money  she  had
originally offered.  (NO, she hadn't paid me ANYTHING "up front".
She was smarter than that!)  I wouldn't accept it.  It seemed too
much like "Judas" money to me.  I loved Lynn too much to take it.
I  just  hoped that she had learned her lesson.  Even  the  money
each of my friends had "paid" me with, as they left, was the same
stack of bills, recycled, that I surreptitiously had slipped each
of them before they got ready to leave.  The only thing I got out
of the whole show, was memories, and they all ached of Lynn.  God
I  loved that girl.  Even enough to frighten her away, if  that's
what it took to save her.  I knew she was gone forever.
     Moodily,  I tossed the "bloody" clothes in the machine,  and
started cleaning "big Jimmy" One thing, unlike real blood,  "prop
blood"  washes out with soap and water.  I wished the ache in  my
heart would wash out so easily.  If "big Jimmy" had been real,  I
probably  would  have  cut  my own throat,  right  then.   But  I
couldn't.   Any force over about two ounces, caused the blade  to
vanish into the handle.  It was an amazingly effective  illusion,
especially when combined with fake blood canisters, but not worth
a damn, when it came to cutting your throat.

     ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

     Forever is a long time.  In this case, it was three days.  I
was moping around the apartment, cleaning up the last remnants of
the big "party" when the buzzer rang.  I had already thumbed  the
release-button for the outer door, out of habit, when I  realized
I  didn't  want  to  see  anybody.   Most  especially  not   some
encyclopedia salesman, or Jehova's Witness.  Oh shit.  Well,  I'd
just  go and tell them I wasn't interested.  Then I'd go  in  the
bathroom, stick my head way down in the bowl, and breathe deeply.
Drown  myself in the toilet bowl.  Wouldn't that be  appropriate,
after what I did to poor Lynn?
     It  wasn't an encyclopedia salesman.  It was Lynn.  My  eyes
ached with the beauty of her.
     "Hi."  She said.  "Mother was going to come over and pick up
her dress, but I asked if I could come over instead."
     I  gaped  at her.  Finally, enough sense came back  into  my
head that I made the only remark I could think of.  The  question
had  been bugging me for two days now.  "Want to get  raped?"   I
asked,  then  tried  to  bite my tongue out  of  my  mouth.   Why
couldn't I say the things I needed to say, like "I love you."  Or
"I  need  you."  or  "Life is like  a  sewer,  without  you."  Or
something equally brilliant?
     Lynn  shuddered,  then quietly said "No thank you.   I  came
over  here  to  thank  you, for what  you  did  for  me.   Mother
explained how much you went through, and I'm sorry."
     "Not half as sorry as I am."  I muttered.
     Lynn looked at me speculatively.  "Did you mean it, when you
said you loved me back there?"
     Maybe there is justice in the world.  "More than you'll ever
know."  I said quietly.
     "Can I come in?"  She asked.
     "How long can you stay?"
     "As long as you want.  Mother knows I'm here."
     "What can I do to you?"  I know I'm a nut, but I had to ask.
     "Anything you want, for as long as you want."
     "No  Honey.  THIS time YOU can do anything to ME,  that  you
want to."
     We were married two months later.
     Before I would let her have my ring, I insisted that she use
ME  for a toilet, for one whole day.  She didn't really want  to,
but understood, when I insisted.  Eating shit, is about twice  as
nasty  as you think it is.  Drinking piss isn't so bad, once  you
manage  to keep from throwing up.  How Lynn managed  those  three
days,  I'll  never know.  I threw up twice, before I  managed  to
steel myself to it, and do it properly.
     Eight months after the "lesson in rape", we had a  beautiful
baby  boy.   Lynn  had already been pregnant,  during  the  whole
ordeal.  I didn't care anymore.  Even if the baby had been  black
as the ace of spades, I would have loved it.  Moe is a GREAT guy.
     Lynn gave me two more baby girls, before she decided that we
ought  to  thank  the rest of those who had  helped  her.   Three
months  after our third child, she insisted that we  reenact  the
"lesson",  only  this  time, when she was fertile,  and  with  no
sneaky cervical cap protecting her.  Nine months later, we had  a
new  daughter,  Moline.  She's a little darker than  her  sisters
though.   AW!  Who am I kidding?  She's black, and we  love  her.
Uncle  Moe, is so proud he could spit.  Since then, Lynn  insists
that  every time we make another baby, it's always the same  way:
at  a reenactment of the "lesson" she was taught.  I  always  get
"First  shot  up  the tube" though, just  like  at  the  original
"lesson".   Since  Moline, we've had 5 more kids,  two  boys  and
three  girls.  One of each, definitely look like me.  We plan  on
having  at least four or five more kids.   I wonder which  of  us
will  be lucky in the "baby lottery" this time.  Of course,  Lynn
always makes sure that I have the best ticket.   (THEY have  her,
along  with me, for only three days.  Remember, I have her  every
night!)   Sadly, there haven't been any more  dark-skinned  ones,
though Moe keeps hoping, and we keep encouraging him.  Of course,
Lynn  encourages  ALL  of  them to plant  a  baby  in  her  still
wonderfully  sexy little belly.  After all, she's supposed to  be
NICE to my friends.
     Oh yes, I almost forgot to mention:  June lives with us too.
It's funny, but she hasn't married again, doesn't go out to date,
has no boyfriends that I know of, yet she's had 4 kids since Lynn
and I got married.  I think she's pregnant again.  I hope so.
     If  you  can add, that's 12 children in our  house,  ranging
from  Joe Junior (12) down to the baby Ginny (5 months) and  one,
possibly two "in the oven".  It's a good thing that both June and
I  both  make good money at our jobs, as even two incomes  get  a
little stretched.  Lynn works full-time taking care of the  kids.
And  I DO mean FULL time.  After finishing high-school, Lynn  has
worked  her  way  through  college, and is  now  working  on  her
doctorate  by taking evening classes, while June and I watch  the
kids,  sometimes alternating, and sometimes together.   Now  that
the  oldest  is  12,  and can watch the  younger  ones,  we  find
interesting  things  to  do together while  still  maintaining  a
presence in the house.
     Once  a  week, June takes over the chores  of  watching  the
kids,  and  Lynn  and  I  have  a  whole  day  to   "experiment".
Sometimes, she has to wear turtle-necks and long-sleeved  blouses
for a couple of days afterward, but I STILL try to keep to June's
first instructions to me:  "Nothing permanent."
