                                BOUNDED BUCKS


Doing the rodeo circuit is hard work. Roping riding and taking some nasty
falls along the way can take its toll. But there's also a special
excitement over thrilling the crowd and being a bit of a daredevil as well
as being a "Cowboy Hero" to someone. Being on the road and traveling all
the time can get a little old sometimes, but you bunk up with someone to
help the costs down and to keep some company as well. 

One night, down in Texas, the rodeo was over for the night. It was time to
check the horses and make sure that they would be well taken care of. The
boys who were to look after them for us this time were young, probably 18
from the green showing behind their ears, and were a bit cocky to our
liking, which made us a little nervous and concerned for the animals
well-being. 

Jeff, a solid hunk for his age, 165 lbs, all muscle and what was probably
a nice developed chest for 18 under his tight fitting denim short, was
blonde, and a talker. Listening to his b.s. over what a good rider her was
and how much he really could ride was getting to us. finally, Mark (my
bunk mate) said "ok hot stuff...enough of your b.s.!" "show us what you
got." 

With that we saddled us a horse and you could see Jeff get a little
nervous. "whatsa matter, Jeff?" "can't you prove how good you talk?" Jeff
moved up to the horse and jumped into the saddle. In a second he was up
and ready to ride and prove what he could do. Jeff took off and showed us
how he could ride. Faster and showing some decent moves, riding through
the barrels, doing a side dismount and mount at full speed, he showed some
good moves. Jeff pulled up in front of us. "ready for me to join you on
the circuit?", asked Jeff? 

Mark looked at me, then looked Jeff in the eye and said "not yet, You need
to show me some roping, first". 

My Mark got a calf ready and Jeff was ready to show us his roping skills. 

Off went the calf, running and ready to be roped. Jeff shot out the shoot,
riding hard and fast, waiting and wanting to catch the calf in record time
to prove his point. 

Jeff prepped his rope. Lifted the lasso up, tossed it. The rope reached
towards the calf, got close to the head, then the calf quickly turned to
the left, leaving the rope to fall to the ground and into the dust. Jeff,
red-faced, drove the calf back into the pen and dismounted in front of us. 

He tossed his rope down at my feet. "Man, I should have had that, I mean,
I never miss in competition." I picked up the rope and tightened the knot.
I checked it over and then tossed the lasso around Jeff and pulled it
tight around him. 

"Hey..whatta yawl doin' to me?", Jeff asked. "Just showing you how to rope
and tie it up tight" was my reply. I laughed and flashed an evil grin and
pulled my buckaroo in towards me. I could see that Jeff had a nice bulge
in his crotch. Looked like a solid 7 inches from the outline in his
dungarees. I asked Mark "what should we do with this one?" "Think it's
ready to be weaned away from Momma?" "Sure thing" said Mark. "Time for
this one and his buddy to learn a lesson or two." With that, Mark then
grabbed his rope and quickly caught Steve, who was surprised to be bound
as well. "Let's tie em up to this fence here, Mark, finish up taking care
of the horses and then we can take care of these two ourselves." "Sounds
mighty fine to me", said Mark. and with that, we tied them to the post
with a bit of a struggle, but nothing more than handling a wold calf, and
gagged their mouths with out sweaty bandanas, leaving them to ponder their
fate while we finished bedding down the animals for the night. 

Mark and I returned from bedding and watering the animals dwon and checked
on our two young studs that we had tied and bound up.  The knots we had
tied had been tested but were jsut as tight as they were when we left
them.  Now it was time to bed down our young studs and exercise them with
a real bronco ride. 

I walked up to >Jeff and unbound the bandana around his mouth.  I then put
my hands up to his face and touhed his lips and cheeks, feeling the smooth
yet firm face of this young stud, knowing that this face would soon be
filed with my cock. 

"What are you going to do to me?" asked Jeff.  You could hear the sense of
curiousity and quiver in his voice as he asked. 

"I'm going to tame you and eventually ride that hot, young, tight ass of
yours" I said calmly and sternly, letting him know who was firmly in
control. 

Mark was already busy kissing Steve and had worked Steve's shirt open.  He
was busy sucking and licking away at Steve's mouth, face and nipples,
giving them a great tongue lashing.  Steve was groaoning about how hot he
felt and how he wanted to be taken all the way. 

I could tell despite the hesitation in Jeff's voice that his body said
"YES". 
 His crotch had given away his real desire and told the truth that he
wanted to be with a cowboy and experience a real ride. 

I kissed Jeff firmly on the mouth and let him feel what it was like to be
firmly kissed by another man.  I pushed his lips apart, forcing my tongue
into his mouth, probing and exploring the hot, wet confines of his mouth.
I knew then that having my cock in his mouth was going to be hotter than
the noontime sun out on the desert and for that I could hardly wait. 

I pulled back and teased Jeff, putting my lips just out of his reach and
licked them.  Jeff strained hard, pulling and straining the ropes and his
muscles, stretching to reach for another kiss. 

"Please let me touch you...let me kiss you again" asked Jeff.  "I want to
feel your hot mouth and tongue pressed against mine and suck your tongue
down my throat." 

Jeff then pulled real hard and I moved forward, letting Jeff have what he
wante...another hot, burning man kiss between us to join us together. 

I glanced over and noticed Mark had shucked down Steve's jeans and was
busy sucking away on Steve's ass.  The young, white, twin globes were
spread and Mark had his tongue deeply probing and opening up Steve's ass
as well as wetting it down for the branding it was about to receive. 

Stve graoned about how good it felt to have his butt probed and how he
wanted more. 

I worked my way down of Jeff, taking ahold of his crotch and feeling his
hard, throbbing cock against my face through his jeans.  I unbuttoned his
fly and then tugged his cock out his tight white jockeys.  I held his hot,
searing cock in my hand, feeling it squirm and throb in my hand, the only
real thing that could move freely about in his bounded condition. 

Jeff was muttering from the touch of my hand on his cock.  "please touch
me more."  "That feels so fucking good that I don't want you to stop." 

I knew then and there, that I had busted him.  A fairly easy bust, but
still a very hot number to suck and fuck around with. 

I knelt down and took his cock between my lips.  I tongued the head,
swirling it and tasting the juices that had been dripping and lubing his
crotch.  The odor was a mixture of sweat and precum, a heavy scent of male
sex hung and filled the air. 

"More....please suck me more...take it all in...ooohhhhhhhh...that feels
so fucking hot...a cowboy sucking on my cock...I can't believe how fucking
hot I am" were the comments pouring out of Jeff's mouth while I deep
throated his 7 inches of manmeat and worked his shaft over.  I could feel
him throb and taste the juices flowing within my mouth. 

I had his meat fully down my throat and worked on licking that spot
between his cock and balls with my tongue.  Jeff's rod swelled even more
as I worked that spot and gave his balls a tongue bath as well. 

Mark has untied Steve and repositioned him, spreading Stev's legs and
bedning him down to raise his hot white cheeks into the air for better
penetration. Stve continued to suck and probe that ass, finally making
Steve beg for more. 

Steve cried out "please...you've got to fuck me".  "My ass needs to be
fucked so badly."  "I want you to fuck me until I cum."  "I want you to
fill my butt with that cowboy cock of yours and fuck me until I'm
saddlesore and can't walk no more." 

Mark -- having a good heart overall obliged and stuck his cock in Steve's
face first.  Mark said "I want you to see, to taste and suck on the rod
that's going to brand your butt but good." 

Steve hungrily obeyed and pulled on his ropes and strained to reach and
suck down the cock that he wanted to be fucked by so badly.  He knew to
service Mark's rod since it was literally his ass that was on the line.
Since Mark has an impressive branding iron of a rod, 10 inches loing and
well almost 3 inches thick when fully stiff, Steve wanted to suck it down
fully and lube that branding iron before being branded up his chute with
it. 

I then poulled away and let Jeff hang loose, his cock sticking straight
out and still throbbing. 

"Why'd you do that man...I'm so close to cumming" said Jeff. 

"In due time Jeff. You need to learn a little patience and control" I
replied. 

I then loosened up the kots and repositioned Jeff and retied him.  Jeff
was positioned and bound tightly so he could watch first hand the branding
that Steve was about to receive.  I figured that it was hotter to have the
two young studs face each other and visually watch the other's facial
reactions as they got ridden from behind. 

Jeff was hot and ready to go.  He was amazed at Mark's cock and the size
of it.  "Wow Steve...take that fucking pole up your ass." "I can't believe
you're really getting fucked by that monster ofm a cock." 

Stve looked up at Jeff and gave him a shit-eating grin and said "I love to
get my butt plowed by a big fat rod."  "I've never taken anything this big
before in my life and felt so full, but the feeling of having all that
cock is really making me want it all and more."  And with that, despite
the ropes, stretched his butt back even further as far as his bounds would
let him, attempting to take even more of Mark in. 

My cock was primed and ready to go..  It was time for some hot ass myself
and let Jeff feel a rod up his hole as well. "Enough chatter...time to let
you feel some cock and let Steve watch you get fucked as well." 

I gave him a friendly slap on the ass and moved my cock up to his ass. I
slid my cock against his crack, giving him the feel of my hot, hard,
dripping cock before invading his tight, hot hole.  He squeezed his buns
against my cock, letting me know that he was more than ready to please my
aching cock. 

I then worked my cockhead to the opening and entered the head against his
hole.  It was tight, the head didn't slip right in.  I had to work at
penetrating and stretching to allow the head to enter in.  Finally it
popped in and began to spread Jeff's bounded legs apart, filling his butt
with my meat. 

"Ohhhh...fuck...that feels so good" cried out Jeff.  "That's it, fuck my
ass...let me feels your balls against my butt." 

Mark and I pumped our cocks long and hard against our bounded buckaroos.
The sweat began to run down our faces and on our chests, causing them to
glisten from the sweat.  The heat of our passion for fucking our young,
bounded studs was far hotter than the nighttime summer air.  Our cocks
pistoned in and out, the grunts and groans from all of us filled the air
with the lustiness that we all felt. 

Jeff and Steve reached and strained towards one another pulling their
ropes tight and pulling Mark and I forward a bit.  Jeff and Steve began to
lustily kiss each other, sucking down each others tongue while getting
reamed up the ass. 

Mark and I established a rhythm to help push our two young studs forward
so they could mett a little more easily, letting them kiss and lick each
others face everytime we pushed our cocks into their hot chutes.  When we
withdrew our cocks, we pulled them slightly apart, making them wait to
touch again until we fully engaged our cocks again. 

After fucking them for awhile, the steady pounding of cock and ass
meeting, penetrating the firm fleshy butts with rods as stiff as steel,
holding back our cum to extend the pleasure, Rick, a rodeo clown who
traveled with us walked up and found us. 

"Whatcha got their boyz?" "Looks like some hot, prime beef to pump and
ride" said Rick. 

"join us Rick" said Mark.  "This is the hottest fuck I;ve had in a long
time." 

"Please, help yourself to some fun...you'll love fucking around with these
two as much as we do" I chimed in. 

Rick then tore open his jeans and pulled out his cock and started pumping
on it.  His jeans were down around his ankles, and he straddled his way in
between Jeff and Steve. 

Rick quickly sutffed his cock down Jeff's throat and shoved his bare ass
into Steve's face.  "Take it all boys...suck that rod and clean my ass out
real good now." 

Jeff hungrily sucked on Ricks's rod, giving a great sucking and blowjob
from the smile on Rick's face.  Jeff was really something else, so hot
from having his ass and mouth full of cock.  He was sucking away on Rick's
cock like a calf sucking tit for his meal of fresh cream and was squeesing
his butthole around my cock wanting to milk it dry as well.  Steve was
busy sucking and licking Rick's ass as he was getting plowed, grunting and
groaning away. 

I knew from the pressure in my balls that it wouldn't be long before I
shot my load of cum up Jeff's ass.  The pressure of Jeff's ass was
intense, tighter than a grasping hand.  The heat and sweat of my pounding
his butt had us both well lubed, a fucking machine of pure, hot, raw male
sex pounding away, in and out, over and over again. 

I pulled Jeff's bounded body and butt back on last time and rammed my cock
in as deep as I could go.  With that, I shouted "take this fucking load of
cum" and began to fire shot after shot of thick, hot, heavy cum and slimed
his butt but good. 

Jeff grunted and groaned from the excitement and pleasure of having his
butt filled with some cowboy cream.  He continued to suck on Rick's dick,
looking for more cum to fill himself with.  He was one hungry buckaroo and
tried to keep miliking my cock for more man fluid to hose down the fre
burning within him. 

Steve having heard me cum, begged Mark to have have his ass filled with
cum as well.  Mark was ready - he then shoved his 10 inch branding iron up
Steve's ass one last time and scumed Steve's ass with his scalding load of
cum. 

Steve let loose of Rick's ass.  "Ohhh...yeeeeaaahhhh...fill me up with
that cum...it's so hot to have my ass filled with a fucking load of cum." 
"It makes me want to shoot my load." 

Steve being bound, his arms tight to his side, couldn't jerk off, but his
cock was hard and swollen looking like it was ready to explode. 

With Mark still plowing away and working out the last of his load, I
decided to let go and work my way underneath Steve and suck his cock down
my throat. 

I crawled up underneath Steve and took him straight down my throat in one
gulp.  His cock barely made it past my lips before I could feel his load
spitting out.  I pulled him in further and let the stream of cum wash down
my hot and thristy throat, savoring the taste of this young buckaroo. 

I cleaned off Steve's dick and let the head slide out from between my
lips. I then worked my way over to Jeff, bringing his cock back into my
mouth for a second time.  Jeff continued to suck away at Rick while
getting his cock and balls licked and worked over. 

I licked the head, again lapping up his tasty juices that had been
dripping. I sucked it in and worked his shaft over again with my tongue. 
jeff was really grunting and graoning.  I could tell from the fire and
lust in Rick's eyes that Jeff was really getting him off and was almost
ready to shoot his load.  I sucked harder on Jeff's cock, wanting him to
shot his load while getting a load of cowboy cream shot down his throat. 

Soon Rick grunted and held Jeff's head steady in his hands and began
feeding him his load.  Jeff's cock twinged wildly.  His balls tightened. 
Jeff began shoot and fill my mouth.  I took his cock and held it in my
mouth, letting the cum overflow into my mouth. 

I took and held every drop in my mouth.  As soon as Jeff was done shooting
and Rick had pulled away, I moved and put my mouth up to Jeff's and let
him taste himself, kissing his hot lips and filling his mouth with his cum
and letting his cum mingle in with the remaining cum in his mouth from
Rick's load. 

Rick had gone over and was touching Steve.  He touched Steve's sides and
stroked him, much like a cowboy would stroke and pet his horse after a
long hard ride.  Steve jumped a bit, pulling against his ropes. 

"Ticklish are you?" asked Rick. 

"Very....please....I really am very ticklish" laughed Steve in an
uncontrollable voice. 

"Well...the night's still young and we've got plenty of time for more hot
action" said Rick as he put his hands back along the bounded studs sides
and tickled him once more, making take bounded stud stretch and pull to
get away. 

Rick tickled Steve making him laugh and squirm and turn a bright bandana
red. 
 Steve wanted badly to escape the tickling torture he was receiving but
the confines of his rope held him in his place.  Soon Marks hands joined
in tickling this bounded buckaroo as well. 

I placed my hands along Jeff's sides.  Jeff didn't appear to be as
ticklish. I moved my finger swiftly across his side again, this time Jeff
couldn't contain himself and let loose with a burst of uncontrolled
laughter and spoke out. 

"Don't tickle me....please....I can't contain myself when someone does
that" said jeff in a half laugh, half cry begging for pity and mercy. 

Mark, Rick and I continued to tickle and manuever our hands around these
naked, bound up studs, keeping them at our mercy. 

I looked at Rick and Mark.  They were still tickling Steve but their cocks
showed that tickle time was soon to be over for them as well and that they
were ready for some more serious cock work. 

I loosened up the ropes around Jeff and stood him upright.  Jeff almost
looked lost being free.  I rubbed him over and made sure that he was fine,
giving an extra tug on his cock and rubbed his ass a bit as well, teasing
him with that extra tug. 

Mark and Rick did the same to Steve, standing him upright. 

Once both studs were ready, we retiede them upright, facing them cock to
cock, naked and bound together.  Their cocks were postitioned together,
letting them rub against each other. 

I then reached between Jeff's cheeks and opened up his ass again.  I was
ready to fuck this stud once again, letting him feel my cock up his
scummed up hole while being tied up to his buddy, letting his buddy feel
just how hard his cock got while being fucked up the ass. 

Jeff eagerly took my cock and pulled it down his chute.  Mark then plunged
his cock backup Steve's hole.  Rick, not being left out of the scene,
walked behind Mark and started sucking on Mark's ass and loosened it up,
before plowing into Mark. 

Here were 5 guys, all naked, bound together either by rope or joined
anatomically seeking to cum and shoot together.  This was one hot mound of
male flesh, pumping and grinding together into the night.  The grunts and
groans again filled the night sky as we moved further into an erotic state
of ecstasy. 

Soon Rick moved around, not wanting to leave my ass untouched, pounded his
cock into my willing ass.  I kept on pounding Jeff's ass, not wanting to
miss a beat.  Rick picked up my rhythm quickly and after what seemed like
hours of continuous fucking, slowing down at times to hold off cumming, we
approached the point of no return once again. 

Rick fired first, hosing down my ass with his load of cum.  That triggered
me to shoot and fill Jeff's ass once again, which got Jeff to explode his
load all over Steve's chest and was shooting so hard that cum landed on
Steve's face. 

Steve then shot his wad over Jeff and coated Jeff with his sticky manload
of cum, searing his body with thick, heavy cream. 

While cumming on Jeff, Steve gave one final squeeze to trigger Mark to
scum his ass with cum as well.  Each of us felt drained and empty, yet
very fulfilled from the round of fucking that we had done as one massive
male mound. 

Slowly we slipped apaprt and then untied our buckaroos, letting them be
free once again.  Steve leaned down and licked Jeff clean - cleaning up
the sweat and cum that coated him.  Jeff, not wanting to miss out and not
help his buddy, in turned licked and sucked Steve's body off while the
three of us watched approvingly. 

Steve then stuck his tongue up my ass and cleaned it out, sucking out the
cum that Rick had deposited. 

Soon Jeff and Steve were dressed and headed out, leaving the three of us
to kill the rest of the night and then head out the next morning to the
next town and rodeo - seeking another set of buckaroos to ride. 
