Lust at the Bowling Alley

Chapter I.  Sally's Show
After Sally had been raped in her ass by the 25 men at the private bowling 
alley, she knew that she had to make them hot again so that they would fuck 
her ass more.  She had to do something to keep them busy otherwise they 
would punish or even kill her.  Up to this point, her clean shaven cunt had 
not been touched by the men.  She knew that they would only fuck her ass as 
a means of their own satisfaction.  They didn't give a rat's ass about her 
pleasure.  After the tenth or so cock shot cum into her hole, there was no 
more pain but acutal enjoyment.  It was true that her ass hole now looked 
like a swollen red doughnut that stuck out further and further but the men 
just thought that she was getting hornier and kept plugging her ass with their 
cocks.  The more the men fucked her ass hole, the more it swelled.  After the 
men were through, her red ass hole had turned purple and the hole had been 
so enlarged that it gaped open and the men could see straight in as the cum 
flowed out.  

She was told to kneel with her legs spread apart and her head down on the 
floor.  Both her hands were to grab her ass cheeks and spread them apart so 
that her gaping hole was opened for all the men to see.  She was then told to 
push the cum out of her ass while a wine glass was held up to her cunt to 
catch the mixture of ass juices and sperm.  The coolness of the glass against 
her cunt triggered her bowel muscles to contract and ooze the slime out of 
her recently fucked ass hole.  After about a tablespoon of white and brown 
slime had flowed into the glass, Sally was told to sit up and pour the sex 
fluid into her mouth.  At first she was repulsed by the command, but she 
knew that it would keep the men hot to see her degraded like this.  As she 
sat cross legged on the cold floor she lifted the wine glass up and opened her 
mouth wide for all to see.  She poured the slime slowly deep into her mouth 
so that it pooled past her tongue and collected at her throat.  If she could 
only swallow it without tasting it, then she knew she could do it.  But one of 
the men told her to gargle with the slime to get the full taste of his cum.  
Sally then pulled her head back and gargled with the sex slime until it 
bubbled out of her mouth.  The men all laughed and joked at what a wild 
bitch with rabies she was.  The stench of sperm and her ass penetrated her 
mouth and nose and she was breathing the smells.  It wasn't so bad she 
thought as she rationalized her situation.  Finally she swallowed the slime.

Chapter II.  The Bowling Pin Girl.
While she was putting on her slime swallowing show, her ass continued to 
drip out more slime.  Sally licked it off the floor and became worried that she 
wasn't getting the men hot enough.  As long as they wanted to relieve their 
energies in her ass, they wouldn't hurt or kill her. Sally saw what they did to 
the two previous entertainers.  There were trophies of the last two girls in a 
glass case near the entrance.  One trophy was a bloody bowling pin with a 
hairy ring of flesh around the neck.  The bloody streaks started at base of the 
bowling pin and continued upward past the thickest part of the pin and 
stopped just past it.  The flesh ring crowned the streaks of blood.  Sally had 
heard that this bowling pin was shoved into a girl's cunt because she 
wouldn't use it as a dildo to fuck her cunt.  

Apparently, the men at the previous party got angry at the refusal and 
grabbed the girl's legs up and spread them while another jammed the BASE 
of the bowling pin into her cunt and just kept shoving it into her.  As her 
cunt was spread open wider and wider it was becoming difficult for the pin 
to penetrate further.  The men wanted to make her take the whole base of 
the pin up into her but the girl's cunt wouldn't stretch that far.  The men 
picked up the girl with the bowling pin wedged up her cunt and arranged her 
into a sitting position with her legs up near her head.  Her cunt was aimed 
down at the hard wood floor with the bowling pin pointing straight down.  
They lifted the girl up to knee height and dropped her.  She shreiked as the 
pin wedged more into her pussy.  The widest part of the pin was actually 
thicker than the girl's thigh.  But that didn't matter to the men.  They wanted 
to see her fuck a bowling pin.  She originally had a choice:  she could do it 
herself with her choice of the small or large end or if she didn't, then the 
men would choose which end to fuck her with.

The bowling pin wasn't completely in the girl's cunt as she was sobbing with 
pain, "I'll fuck anything into my cunt.  Please stop.  Just give me one more 
chance."  But the men just told her that she had her chance.  They picked her 
up again and lifted her higher before dropping her onto the bowling pin.  
They kept dropping her onto the floor as her tits shook from the jarring and 
her sobbing.  

The girl looked like a popsickle with the white bowling pin sticking out from 
her widely stretched cunt hole.  Her cunt and ass caved into her belly every 
time she landed onto the bowling pin.  The skin at the top of her cunt was 
stretched thin with an outline of the pin clearly protruding from her belly.  
Her clit looked like s knob of flesh against the widely stretched cunt lips.  
The flesh between her cunt and ass hole was tearing to accomodate the huge 
diameter of the pin.  Soon, instead of two holes, the girl had one large one as 
the pin was driven into her cunt.  

The men kept lifting and dropping the girl as the bowling pin made its way 
into her cunt.  After about fifteen drops, the pin was firmly wedged into the 
girl's pelvic bones as her cunt was never be the same again.  The men then 
set her on her feet and ordered her to finish the pin fuck.  She could only 
stand bow-legged and grabbed the pin head with her left hand.  She then 
squatted down and giuded the pin to the floor.  She knew better than to 
disobey an order now and started to bounce on the floor with the bowling 
pin.  There was about three more inches to insert before the widest part of 
the pin would be in her.  By bouncing up and down, the girl was generating 
her own fluids and blood to lubricate the massive intruder.  It actually looked 
like she was fucking the pin in and out of her cunt.  She was delirious now 
and the pain didn't seem to matter.  All she knew was that she had to have 
the bowling pin all the way in her cunt.

The men cheered her on as they finally got what they wanted and more.  All 
they wanted to see was a hot girl shove a bowling pin head up her cunt and 
fuck herself.  They had seen it before from other girls who were into fisting 
and large dildoes.  Although this girl was hot, she had never had anything 
larger than a coke bottle half way into her pussy.  Now the men were 
watching a show beyond their wildest dreams as this girl was forcing, 
actually ripping her cunt hole open with a piece of shaped wood.  And she 
was doing it to herself.

As the girl bounced higher and higher on her fuck pole, it penetrated her 
cunt deeper and deeper.  Soon, she had the entire thickness within her 
burning cunt hole.  The sight was just amazing.  The skin on her belly was 
stretched into translucence.  Her clit was split in two by a tear at the top of 
her cunt lips.  The lips of her cunt were becoming visable again, now that the 
bowling pin thickness was decreasing as it was pushed further in.  Her ass 
hole had completely disappeared and it looked like she was one big cunt 
hole.  She was covered with sweat and grunted as the she breathed.

One of the men wanted to fuck her ass but couldn't find any trace of it.  He 
complained that she wasn't entertaining him and ordered her to give him her 
ass hole.  She sobbed and tried to pull the bowling pin out of her.  But she 
wasn't strong enough to pull it out.  A couple of men grabbed hold of the pin 
and yanked but the pin stayed wedged in the poor girl's cunt.  One man 
grabbed the pin and put his foot on her belly and pulled hard.  The pin 
dragged her cunt flesh outward so her cunt hole displayed new labia but 
didn't come out.  Finally, one man took out his switchblade and started to 
slice the skin around the bowling pin off.  Soon, the bowling pin could be 
pulled out but it had a bloody ring of flesh around its neck.  The girl was in 
shock as her bloody hole was being inspected by the men.  "Shit.  You cut 
out her ass hole, you idiot!  Now she's no good for anything."  

The girl somehow survived and is now living in Mexico doing freak shows 
with animals and gangs.  Apparently she went insane.  Rumor has it that she 
will let anyone with a peso punch a clenched fist up her holes and can be 
stretched to take up to three fists to the elbows in her front hole.  Tourists 
returning from Mexico have talked about the wild blonde that would fuck 
full size horses doggy style taking all of the horses cock into her cunt.  She 
would let locals whip her open pussy with leather belts while she pulled her 
cunt open with all her fingers.  Every time she was whipped hard, the force 
would cause her to shoot a little piss.  When she lost control and fully 
pissed, that was the signal that she has had an orgasm and wanted to be horse 
fucked or fisted.  She always got a lot of drinks from the locals.

The girl's breasts had been surgically altered with implants so large that her 
nipples couldn't harden anymore because they were stretched so tight.  
Instead of quarter size aureole, they were now streteched to three inches 
diameter.  The pierced nipples she got before the enlargement was now fitted 
with large thick rings that seemed to go through her breasts instead of just 
her nipples.  These rings were also used to lift her by the tits and settle her 
cunt hole onto a ten foot tall, greased flag pole.  The girl worked five 
regular fist shows a night and would end with a horse fuck show at 2:00 in the 
morning.  She could also be hired for parties or movies.

Chapter III.  Twin Pins

Sally was certain that she would be told to sit on a bowling pin and fuck it as 
part of her show.  After she finished licking up the floor, one man yelled out, 
"Hey slut, what's the biggest thing you've ever fucked?"  Sally replied that 
she could take a baseball bat into her cunt and had some videos to prove it.  
The man smiled and placed two regulation size Brunswick bowling pins in 
front of her.  "Fuck these, bitch.  You figure out which holes to use and how 
you're going to get them in.  If you don't, we'll do it for you and not be too 
gentle about it."  Sally immediately grabbed one pin and squatted her cunt 
hole onto the top of it.  Her juices were flowing as she slowily pressed her 
hole further down the pin.  It took about two minutes to fully insert the 
bowling pin into her cunt hole.  Sally grabbed the other bowling pin and 
angled it behind the first.  The men all thought that Sally was stuffing the 
second pin into her ass hole because no one could possibly take two pins in 
one hole.  Sally wanted to be different.

Sally grabbed the first pin by the base and pulled it upward so that the 
second pin had a straight shot into her pussy.  Then she squatted on the 
second pin and forced it up her cunt.  As she did so the first pin was pulled 
downward until both necks were fully engulfed by her painfully stretched 
cunt hole.  Then she rotated both pins so that they were side by side in her 
cunt instead of front to back.  There was no mistaking that Sally had the two 
bowling pins in her cunt as she stood up bow legged.  The men cheered and 
started lining up behind her to fuck her ass hole.  Sally bent over and let the 
first man shove his cock into her slit of an ass hole.

Sally's ass was fucked over and over as she lost count at 86.  The sperm was 
flowing freely into her hole but because of the two bowling pins in her cunt, 
her ass hole would immediately snap shut into a tight horizontal slit as the 
men pulled out.  This kept all their cum trapped within her ass.  She knew 
that when she removed the bowling pins that there would be a great gush of 
sperm from her ass hole.  This was what the men were looking forward to as 
they continued to fill her bowels with love juice.  

Finally all 25 men had satisfied their lust in Sally's ass and wanted to 
see the rest of her show.  A glass punch bowl was brought out and placed on the 
floor between Sally's legs.  The men started a countdown while Sally 
grabbed the two bowling pins embedded in her gaping cunt.  As the count 
came down to one, she yanked down hard on both pins and pulled her pussy 
inside out.  There was a plop as both the pins were pulled from her hole.  
For a moment, her cunt hole seemed to flap open and shut as Sally hit an 
orgasm as never before.  Juices dripped out of the gaping fuck hole and into 
the bowl.  

Then a stream of white slime shot out of her ass and poured into the bowl.  
The men cheered as each one claimed to have donated a quart of sperm into 
Sally's quivering ass.  The stream continued for a while until it slowed to a 
dribble.  Sally was pushing the sperm out now to get the last of the men's 
cum.  The punch bowl had a pool of slime that was about a half inch deep.  
Sally knew what had to come next.  She turned around and picked up the 
large bowl raised it to her lips.  The stench was overpowering but she knew 
she had to drink all of the men's sperm.  She fought herself gagging with the 
first mouthful of cum.  Then she kept swallowing the white slime until she 
had drank it all.  Nearly half a gallon of sticky fuck slime was now in her 
belly.  

The men were pretty much satisfied that she had put on an entertaining show 
but a few still gave her an ass fuck.  Sally would survive the night and would 
be rewarded for her performance.

End

The second trophy girl was turned over to the mistresses of the men.  
That is another chapter.


