Archive-name: Bestial/boy-dog.txt
Archive-author: Christopher Robin
Archive-title: Boy and His Dog, A


We used to play a lot of frisbee in our front yard; back and forth across our
slate sidewalk.  Our mother complained about us killing the grass with our 
running around but we pleaded with her that there was too much poison ivy in
our designated playfield.  One day, I was around eleven at the time and my
two younger brothers 9 and 7 respectively, we were happily tossing the frisbee
back and forth across the front lawn.  We had to be sure not to let it land on
the ground, for our dog Mackie would tear up and snatch it from us then drag it
to the furthest corners of our property and chew it full of holes.  On this 
occasion we had stopped playing frisbee for a time and Mackie lay contented
some distance away.  The sun danced on his deep golden red coat as his tongue
slipped in and out of his mouth with each breath, trying to cool himself on
such a warm day.  He seemed to be watching us to make sure we didn't get into
any trouble.  Done with frisbee we started playing leap frog.  That didn't 
last long before the game became lets act like dogs and chase Mackie around the
yard barking and yapping as we went.  We chased him around for some time until
we grew tired.  Still on all fours Mackie curiously sniffed my brother's rear
end.  We thought this was funny.  Then he leapt up on my brother's back.  My
brother quickly slipped out from under him, starring up at the dog quizically.
This soon became a game and we would get on all fours, wait for Mackie to sniff
us, then stand on our back, then we would turn around and dance with the dog,
the dog then standing on only two feet.  We did this on several occasions.

It was not until later that I began to puzzle why Mackie did what he did.  Sure
-ly Mackie did not want to dance, dogs aren't cut out for that sort of thing.
So, the next time it happened I watched more closely.  It wasn't long before we
tired of frisbee and returned to dance-with-the-dog.  As this began I noticed
,perhaps the first time, Mackie's sheath positioned in close proximity to my
brother's rear end.  I soon lured Mackie on to my back and noticed something
poking around in my hind quarters.  I reached back with my hand to feel a warm
wet protrusion poking at my fingers.  The sensation startled me and I quickly 
stood up.  It didn't take me long before my childish curiousity took over and
concocted the idea to lead Mackie into the woods where I could find out what 
he was after.

It was later that afternoon that I decided to seduce Mackie.  My brothers
were contently playing indoors and my mother was inside taking care of the
house in some fashion.  I decided it was the perfect time.  I ran up to Mackie
outside and got him running around," Come on Mackie, you want to go for a 
walk, huh?, come on, let's go."  We ran straight for the woods along a trail
that my father cut to retrieve lumber for our wood stove.  I stopped to 
consider an isolated area.  Mackie tore right past me and began exploring up
by the steep hill face behind our property.  I walked down between the tall
Red pines just below a short dropoff in the hill.  I looked twards the house,
and was content that I could not see it from where I was.  I called to Mackie.
He quickly came down from where he was and ran up to me, tail wagging happily
and panting.  I soon got on all fours with some trepidation, but with a great
deal of excitement.  I unbuttoned and unzipped my tight blue jeans and began
walking away from him on my hands and knees keeping my hind-end high in the
air.  He began to sniff at my rear-end curiously and perhaps anxiously.  I soon
resolved to go all the way and pull my pants down to the ground.  I waited for
what seemed like minutes as I anxiously awaited whatever he had in mind for my
small white frame.

I wonder what was going through his head as he considered my standing there.
Almost as if he resolved to do it, suddenly the beast within him rose to the 
occasion and he was upon me.  I felt his hairy sheath slip teasingly along the
base of my ball sack.  His claws dug pleasantly into my boney back.  I could
feel his dogness grow and begin to wet the area between my anus and my 
testicles. It became a poking. as he slowly guided his thrusting up twards my
anus, exploring for a way in.  I can not relate the feeling of his penis as it
found my hole and began fervently reaming it.  His thrusting became more 
pronounced and rigorous as it slipped deeper and deeper into my bowels.  I
was entranced by his dancing until I heard my youngest brother call out to me.
In a panic I quickly stood up and ruined what might have been.  I do not recall
Mackie's response but it must have been one of severe disappointment.  I quick-
ly replaced my pants and began nervously buttoning them afraid of what my 
brother might have seen.  I cleverly exclaimed, "wait a minute, I'm taking a 
pee".  I saw him pause as I finished fastening my pants.  If I could relive 
that experience at least I would have jerked him off.  A simple pleasure it
seems only humans, monkeys and dolphins can enjoy.

--

                                          -Christopher Robin

      ...Let be be the finale of seem
The only emporer is the emporer of ice cream.
	      -Wallace Stevens




