
                      m/F, WIFE, DAUGHTER'S BOYFRIEND, NC?
   
                                  BOYFRND.TXT

                                 The Boyfriend
                                 by Caesar(92)

My name is Louise Smithyrs, and I'm the wife of a wonderful but busy man.  I am
also the mother of Samantha -- Sam for short, a eighteen year-old rebellious
teenager.  For three months, Sam has been seeing this boy, an eighteen year-old
eleventh grade student, whom I believe to be a bad influence on my daughter. As
evidence; she has begun recieving bad grades, skipping school, began smoking,
swearing... I could go on for a long time, all because of this boy -- Joel.

I've always been known for my sweet, calm disposition. So when Sam brought this
boy home for supper, the first time her father and I met him, I was prepared
for the worst, yet planned to act civil.  Even if I thought my only daughter
was sleeping with this delinquent.  After several arguments, which left the
whole house feeling nervous and uneasy, I finally agreed to let Joel come over.

As I thought, the boy that she was holding hands with in the foyer of our home
looked just as I feared.  He had long hair, unshaven beard, thin and pale
complexion, his torn jeans showed more than it hid, and he had a gleam in his
eye that I immediately didn't like.  He shook my hand, it was warm and dry, and
he lingered for what seemed like a long time.  They went to the living room to
await dinner, and I went to the kitchen to get the supper set.

I finished what needed to be done, mindlessly.  While thinking of how to get my
beloved daughter away from that loser. The way she hung over him, always
kissing his neck, the mindless giggle she did whenever he spoke.  It all grated
upon my nerves. My daughter deserved better than "that," she was gorgeous and
smart, who could be anything she wanted.  If only she didn't get into the wrong
crowd.

Our home life was mediocre, boring.  It was the life I choose after having a
father that moved all over the world and who was rarely home, since he was in
the army.  Sure I was unsatisfied with my lot in life, but wasn't about to
throw it all away.  I'd lived the way I had for nineteen years, primarily for
my daughter, to give her the home life I never had.

I called everyone to the dining room.  With the swinging door wide open I began
to lift a plate heaped with food onto the large round table.  I was about to
get the last platter with the roast beef, when I noticed Joel was sitting next
to my spot, and able to see out the kitchen.  I didn't think much of it at the
time.

The first indication that something was wrong was when I felt as I was being
watched, as I was bent over the oven pulling out the still hot roast, I could
almost physically feel eyes his staring at my bum.  I turned around, while
still bent over, my hands busy.  There was Joel, his eyes gleaming as he
starred unabashed at my round bottom.  He noticed my startled look and smiled
into my surprised eyes, then smugly returned to studying my ass.

My hand slipped from the tray, but luckily caught it before a real mess
happened.  Quickly I set the pan down on the counter, still feeling the boy's
eyes on my backside.  Inventoring my clothing --  was there something he could
see?  Nothing.  I was wearing a loose summer skirt and blouse, flat shoes and
had my hair tied up in the back.  Just as I was about to take the platter to
the dinning room, I realized the sunlight streaming in from the large window
above the sink was filtering through my thin skirt and allowing the boy a
glimpse of my shape.  Of course I was wearing underwear, so nothing could
actually be seen, except perhaps my bright white panties, but I knew my earlier
indications of the young man had been right.

Joel watched me walk all the way into the dining room, his eyes not leaving my
long still-thin legs and crotch area.  I almost lost my step as my left foot
tripped over my right. Luckily, I again missed having a terrible mess.  The
large oval plate was set down between my daughter and her boyfriend. My husband
complemented the meal he hadn't yet begun, while handing me the carving knife
and fork, giving me the honors.

The three of them were making small talk when I thought I felt the bottom of my
skirt move.  I froze for a second then returned to cutting the large juicy
roast.  Softly and gently a warm hand laid on the back of my lower thigh.  Joel
was touching me, I stopped carving and looked down at the little snot,
controlling myself as he innocently smiled -- brave since I was still holding a
large knife.  What should I do? Tell my husband, scream rape, carve up the
"turkey?"

Returning my attention the roast while ignoring his hand, hoping he would tire
and drop it -- besides it hadn't moved an inch.  I knew now would not be a good
time to convince my daughter of her boyfriend's devious ways -- later would be
better, easier on her, since even I remember the hurt of losing a young love.

My teeth bit into my bottom lip as his rough hand slid up the back of my thigh.
I almost screamed my hurt and frustration as he slide up to cup my left buttock
in a firm grip.  I'd figured the little shit would be as nervous as I when he
touched me, just over active hormones.  But I was wrong, he was dangerous, and
I had to get rid of him somehow without hurting Sam, and fast. Feeling my face
flush, while struggling to finish the roast, hoping to get this meal over as
fast as possible.

His hand was pushing itself into my ass crack, pressing my cotton panties and
two fingers deep into the crevice until I felt it press against the hard bud of
my anus.  He didn't stay there long, taking his fingers out of my crack and
expertly slipped them underneath the elastic leg band of my panties.  His hand
was now cupping a naked warm buttock, squeezing hard, pulling them apart,
slapping silently.  I knew no one could see his movements behind me, yet I
hoped.

I tightened my asscheeks and pressed my legs together, not wanting him to
explore lower into my groove.  He had been about to slide his fingers into the
crack when I tightened my still muscular cheeks.  Again looking down,
controlling myself while feeling the urge to stick the fork into his eye.  He
surprised me with a painful pinch on my full ass -- I jumped.

The answer to my husband's obvious question was that I'd almost cut my finger
-- he believed me.  And since I was almost done, let me finish.

Well Joel had succeeded in getting his fingers into my ass crack, one was even
trying to enter my tight virgin anus.  Trying to ignore the humiliation as as I
felt my backside openning for his amusement, I feel his thick digit enter a
full inch into my tight rear hole -- holding back tears of rage and pain.

Finally, I finished carving the meat and pulled away from his grasp then sat
down in my seat.  My husband said grace, and then we all dug into the meal.  I
half expected the little-shit to again grab my thigh, but since my leg was
under the table I could easily stab him with a fork.  But instead, he ignored
me and spoke charmingly to my husband and daughter.

A movement out of the corner of my eye, caused me to turn towards Joel and my
daughter.  Joel had turned his chair towards me -- slightly giving me a view of
his lap.  And there over his crotch was my daughter's dainty little hand,
rubbing along the obvious bulge in his pants.  Neither of their faces revealed
anything -- he turned towards me and flashed a smile of triumph my way.

Gawd I hated him!

I had to get rid of him as soon as possible and to prove to my daughter what
kind of boy he was.  If nothing else he was definitely lacking in the social
graces.  My daughter was too good for him.  My eyes continued to look upon the
sight of Sam's hand stroking the large man-organ inside the boy's pants.  A
part of me, deep inside, wanted to see what it looked like.

With supper finished, my husband made his apologies and left for work, Sam said
they were going to a movie but Joel interrupted and asked to see her room.  Of
course my daughter agreed -- she coddled the little shit.  He sat while my
daughter helped clear the table -- something she never did.

Joel patted my behind as I walked by, I spun about to verbally abuse him, when
he spoke up, "you're a gorgeous broad Mrs. Smithyrs, great ass!"  My face must
have shown my hate, "next I want to feel those big titties of your's!" His
smile showed his fearless lust.  Just as I was about to tell the shit to go to
hell, Sam walked in.  I went to the kitchen and didn't go back into the dining
room until I heard the two of them close the door to my daughter's room.

I know I was unnecessarily sneaking around and should have just threw the
bugger out, but something inside caused my heart to pump wildly.  I sneaked
down the hall to my daughter's room, I could hear Joel's deep voice but
couldn't make out the words.  So I snook around to the spare bedroom and its
adjoining bathroom it shared with Sam's room.

The door to my daughter's room was open slightly, and I could hear Joel
talking.  "Wider babe, show me how it's done."  I reached the door and peeked
around the corner -- almost fainting.

There lying on her bed, was my daughter, her jeans were off and her panties
hung around only one ankle.  Sam's right hand was sliding up and down the
length of her wide crotch, her legs as wide as she could get them.
Unfortunately she was facing me.

Joel was sitting near the end of the bed facing my daughter, studying her.
"You're a great piece of tail Sam, a woman of twenty-five couldn't be better
looking.  Slide a finger up your snatch girl!"

Two pairs of eyes watched as my daughter slid a finger up her slightly open
vagina, when she withdrew it, it was coated in a clear film of juice.  My
daughter was masturbating while that slime watched her -- ordering her.  If
there had been a gun in the house I believe I would have shot him.

Then I realized, Joel had turned his head and was starring right at me!

"Open your legs wider Sam, give me a good show." He ordered, while smiling his
contempt.  Slowly, without taking his eyes off me he lay down next to my
daughter's body.  His free hand lifting up her tee-shirt and pulling down her
bra.  My daughter's little poky breasts wiggled freely.  He just continued to
stare at me, while bending down to suck on the closest nipple, his hand going
to the other nipple and roughly pinching it.

This all was for me to see, Joel had planned on this show, not for himself
since I was sure he had already experienced my daughter's charms.  But now he
wanted mine.

His hand left her nipple and slide down to Sam's almost hairless crotch,
without slowing down he pushed his middle finger into her vagina, sinking it
all the way.  Obviously my daughter was no virgin.  For the first time my
daughter spoke, or rather moaned, "I love you Joel... yes, deeper baby... I'll
do anything... I'll show you I'm better than all the rest..."

All the rest?  I believe she was trying to act older than her eighteen years,
perhaps to feel like part of the crowd -- trying to fit in.

"Of course you'll show me Sam, you know I like my bitches slutty."

"Yes Joel, anything!"  She moaned, wiggling around on the bed, as his finger
simulated a penis driving into her sex.  "Let me cum for you, see how wet I am?
Just for you babe."

He continued to watch me, "Damn your hot babe, your cunt is so fucking tight!"
He bite her nipple causing her to wince. "Time to get on your knees slut, show
me that ass!"  As if she was an automation, she rolled over breathlessly, and
pulled her knees up under her, letting her shoulders lay on the pillow. "Arch
your back slut, show me your best feature."

Joel was kneeling next to my daughter's round ass, her back was indeed arched
downward causing her ass to round outwards and her ass crack to widen all the
way to her vagina.  He pulled her lower ass cheek apart, letting me view my own
daughter's slimy wet cunt hole.  I was disgusted and infatuated at the same
time.

"Your fucking wet babe!"

"Yes..."

"Shit it's sliding down your thighs."  It was.  "Perhaps I could help you
somehow?"  He was baiting, and she took the hook groaning and wiggling her ass
seductively.  Definitely not the Samantha I knew.  "Yup a tight wet cunt like
yours would feel good wrapped around my hard cock.  Wouldn't it girl?"

"God, yes...!"

He again turned to me, his finger sliding into her sex. "You sure babe, since
your mom is only down the hall?  We wouldn't want to be disturbed?"  That
stopped her moaning, causing her to return to reality, thinking.  "Of course a
mature woman wouldn't give a shit who was in the next room as long as she
pleased her man!"

"Fuck me babe."  She didn't sound convinced, but still excited.

"Perhaps I better see if she's busy, I'll be right back."  He stood and went to
the door.  "While I'm gone, I want you to finger that cunt of your's, keep it
wet for me!"

"Yes Joel," she sounded lost.

I backed out of the bathroom as I heard Joel exit my daughter's room. I went
back to the kitchen -- he wasn't there, and to the dining room.  He was sitting
regale in the hard backed chair, smiling as he waited for me.

"You're a hot bitch aren't you?  Just like your daughter," he held up his
little finger, "whose  wrapped around my finger. Perhaps you'd like to be
wrapped around something else?"  He grabbed the bulge in his jeans.  My knees
almost gave out, I honestly didn't know what to do.  Shaking with anger and
excitement, I could feel the dampness coating my cotton panties, knowing my
voice wouldn't work even if I knew what to say.  I felt like killing him and
fucking him at the same time.

Thinking back it's difficult to believe I was actually excited by this little
shit, he was totally opposite from my type.  Perhaps it was the way my daughter
let him talk to her, the way he brazenly radiated sex -- I don't know.

When I didn't say anything he stood up and his hand went to my neck. At first I
didn't know what he was doing, until he pushed my blouse aside. "You want to
fuck me don't you bitch!" -- it wasn't a question.  He pushed the blouse off my
shoulders and then walked around me, I could feel his warm hands on my back and
on my bra.  He unhooked it and it immediately fell to my feet.  Joel reached
around and hefted a large breast in each of his hands. Roughly he squeezed
them, pushed them together, fingering my hard nipples and slapped the tender
skin.  All the while I didn't resist one bit.

He whispered into my ear, "You know I'm going to fuck you don't ya?" He pinched
my nipple, hard, when I didn't answer him -- it hurt.

I mumbled, "yes."

Pushed me hard, and I fell onto my hands and knees, his foot came up and
pressed against my back.  "That's it slut, on your knees like a dog in heat!"
I hated him.

Joel went back to his chair, while I froze on the floor, waiting for him to
tell me what he wanted -- pathetic.

"Crawl over here and take out my cock!"  Again an order, and again I couldn't
refuse.  Slowly, on hands and knees, I walked over to kneel between his wide
stretched knees, my breasts swaying under me with every step.  My fingers
fumbled with the zipper of his jeans.  Frantically I pulled them down, and dug
under his underwear bringing out his large hard cock.  It was bigger than I'd
ever seen -- just as I suspected when I saw the bulge at dinner.  He must have
seen the look in my eyes, "He's big ain't he?"  Referring to his male organ.
"Now suck it bitch!"

My eyes measured the proportions of the young man's cock, seven and a half
maybe eight inches of gorgeous man-meat.  Roughly the young man clenched at my
long hair, pulling me towards his cock.  My tightly closed lips touched the
hard velvet tip of his sex, he wiggled my head against the tip trying to force
himself into my mouth.  When he realized I wasn't about to give up without a
fight, he pulled my head up and with his other hand slapped me hard on my face.

Again he pulled me down on his sex, this time my mouth opened and his hard meat
slide silently into and down my throat. Truthfully, my mouth had been watering
since first seeing the throbbing passion pole, but only my honor had kept me
from giving in too quickly.  I barely controlled the reflex muscle in the back
of my throat from gagging, as the head of his penis hit the back of my throat.
I could smell his man sweat, rancid and thick, my nose pressed into his thick
patch of coarse pubic hairs.

I was deep throating Joey's long thick cock, and loving it!

His hand roughly pulled me up by the hair and then forced it down again.  I
allowed it, while acting passive I was truly playing a duel role, not wanting
him to realize I was enjoying the sexual punishment I was receiving.

I sensed movement in the corner of my eye!

Samantha was standing in the doorway to the dining room. Her face showing her
disgust and hate at the scene before her.  I saw that she had hurriedly dressed
before comming out, she wasn't wearing a bra and her tee shirt wasn't tucked
into her jeans.  I remembered that I hated this young punk, and that my job as
a mother was to protect my child, it was a natural instinct. I stretched my
eyes up to peer at his face, his eyes were clenched closed and his head back
enjoying the oral sensations he was receiving.

I wondered what was going to happen, as I felt the penis quickly get slightly
larger, the head expanding wide, while his balls were jerking spasmaticlly.
The man's hand pulled my face off his lap, while his cock shot his load onto my
face and his lap.

My daughter watched as her mother was "forced" to coat her lips and face with
the white thick goo.  I forced a hateful look on my face, trying to pull away
from the strong grip. Finally I did, I fell onto my side and covered my
breasts, pulled my knees up to my chest and whimpered.

Loudly my daughter yelled. "You fucking asshole!  You gawd damned jerk! Get the
fuck out of my house!"  Although I couldn't see, I could hear her slap the
large boy, trying to kick him out of our house.  Unknown to anyone but me, my
hand slid between my legs and slid a finger up and down the length of my slit,
centering on my clitoris.  I needed to cum bad!

"Sam, she wanted me babe... she's not even my type..."  I heard another slap, "I
would never fuck another cunt besides you..." -- wrong thing to say.

"Y... you raped my mother!  You fucking pig!"  The sounds of the couple were
close to the front door.

He was getting mad, "Look the bitch asked for it, she needed to feel good.
Your old man probably can't even get it up anymore."

My daughter loved her father more than anything, he was a saint to her. I heard
a loud "oaf," then the door slammed shut.

All was quiet!

My daughter came over and knelt next to me, I could hear the sound of her
crying softly, she laid a small hand gently on my shoulder.  I began to cry
hysterically while saying between sobs, "he forced me... don't tell your
father, it'll kill him... he hurt me so bad..."  I sat up and wrapped my arms
around her shoulders, my face buried in her neck.  I was conscious of my large
breasts pressing against her own soft chest.  "Just hold me... I feel so
dirty..."  My clitoris was itchy and I wanted to give it attention but
couldn't.  "I love you!"  I poured out my soul, then broke down and cried
loudly.

Sam also cried, she whispered sorry over and over, her hands gently stroking my
long hair and warm back.  Trying to calm me, but only succeeded in upsetting
herself.

I knew I'd won!

