THE BOYS NEXT DOOR 
 
     All the neighbors complained when the three young men moved in the
     apartment across the hall from mine.  The cry went up that the new
     comers would play loud music and keep everyone in the building
     awake with their comings and goings.  Everyone complained but me. I
     knew three good looking hunks when I saw them, and these guys were
     beautifully built.  I studied them carefully as they carried in
     furniture, boxes of belongs, and stacks of books and records. They
     had stripped down to their shorts, and I longed to lap up the sweat
     that ran down their well developed chests and bulging arms. I could
     not believe my good luck.  I would get to see these guys coming and
     going every day!

     I decided to offer them some help with the moving.  No one has
     friends on moving day, and I wanted them to know that I was their
     friend.  Each one smiled warmly in appreciation, and soon I too had
     taken off my shirt and was sweating in the heat.  The three were
     younger than I by about five years.  They were in their third year
     in a near by community college.  It took me no time to learn their
     names and what they were studying.  Frank was an engineer student
     from a small town in the rural part of the state.  Rob was a
     business major from a small city about a hundred miles away.  Jeff
     was an English major from a large city in the middle of the state.
     Of the three, Jeff really caught my eye.  His build told he had
     been on the wrestling team in high school.  And although he wore
     big glasses, when he took them off and looked straight into my
     eyes, I almost dropped the box I was carrying.  He was the sexiest
     looking of the three, but none of them would I have kicked out of
     bed.

     As soon as all their things were in the apartment, we sat down to
     take a break.  Frank complained that they had not thought to buy
     beer.  Hardly had he spoken than I was getting a six pack from my
     apartment.  The three smiled warmly as I handed them the beer, and
     I felt Frank's smile was on the knowing side.  Had he already
     figured me out? Did he so soon know that I was dying to get into
     their pants?
 
     We drank deeply of our beer, and when Frank began speaking, I felt
     sure he had my number.  "Where are the girls around here? We three
     fellows are going to need some action.  We can't study all the
     time," he said looking at me.

     My heart skipped a beat.  His message was clear enough.  Thanks for
     the help moving us in, but no thanks to anything sexual.  We are
     real men, and we want our pussy.

     "I'm afraid I can't help you in that area," I said and paused
     before adding, "In love and war, it's every man for himself."

     "Well, where do you get yours?" Frank asked with almost a snarl. 

     "I'll gladly lend you a hand with moving or a beer to drink," I
     said with a laugh, "but don't ask me to tell you my sex secrets."

     "Why not?" asked Frank in a most unfriendly tone. "What kind of
     secrets do you have?"

     "Lay off, Frank," said Jeff pleasantly but firmly. 

     Frank took another swallow of beer, and I felt very uncomfortable
     and wanted to retreat.  I started to stand.  Rob said I should not
     leave.  I said I had to go, but before I could move Jeff stood and
     put his hand on my shoulder and firmly pushed me back to the box I
     was sitting on.  "You haven't told us the things we really need to
     know about," Jeff said with his penetrating smile.  "Like the best
     grocery stores, the laundry-mats etc."

     As I started filling them in on the neighborhood, the tension
     caused by Frank began to ease, and soon we were telling jokes and
     opening more beers.

     When I finally left, they all shook my hand and thanked me for the
     help and the beer.  I thought for sure Jeff's handshake was
     stronger than the others, but I was afraid to look straight into
     his eyes.  When I tried to release his hand, I realized that he was
     holding on to me and forcing me to look him in the face.  I almost
     melted when I did.  This twenty-one year old, blond hair, blue eyed
     youth had a powerful stare that moved right to your insides.  All
     my muscles went weak, and it's a wonder I did not fall down right
     in their messy living room.

     "You didn't tell us what kind of work you do," said Jeff. 

     "I'm an English lit teacher at in the local high school," I said
     weakly.

     "English is my Major.  If I need any help, are you available for
     tutoring?"

     "Sure," I answered thinking this guy was too sharp to need help
     from anyone.

     "You'd better find out what he charges," said Frank darkly. 

     I said there would be no charge for friends.  As I was closing the
     door, I saw Frank rubbing his crotch with a sneer.  When I got in
     my apartment, I decided to lay low for a while.  They might have my
     number, but I didn't have to confirm their suspicions with overt
     acts of friendliness.  Christ! What kind of world is it where you
     are afraid to be kind to your neighbors?

     Several days later, Rob knocked on my door one afternoon at four
     thirty.  He had a cup in his hand and wanted to borrow some flour.
     He readily took a cup of coffee when I offered it, and I soon
     learned about the three's living arrangement.  They took turns
     doing the household chores.  One would cook for several days, one
     would clean up the house, and one would do nothing.  This was Rob
     turn to cook.  As we sat around talking, he kept glancing at my
     apartment and complimenting me on how it looked. Finally, I
     realized he was hinting to see it all.  I invited him to see the
     other rooms.  Like his, my apartment had a master bedroom, a
     smaller bedroom, and a bath and a half.  I wondered what their
     sleeping arrangement was, but I was afraid to asked.

     When Rob saw my king-size bed, he gave away their sleeping
     situation.  "That's what we need," he said.  He went on to say they
     had a double bed in one room and a single bed in the other.  As
     with the house chores, they took turns sleeping in the room with
     single bed which meant two of them were always sleeping together.
     Rob said that he hated it when it was his turn to sleep with Frank.
     I timidly asked why, and he told me that Frank was a rough sleeper
     and that sometimes he -Rob- would wake up and find Frank on top of
     him.  "I sure would hate to be a women in bed with that big...,"
     Rob paused and I could tell he was looking for another word to
     replace the one he started to use, "..bastard."

     As we looked through the rest of my apartment, I began to get the
     feeling that Rob had come to spy me out.  When he saw my VHS, he
     wanted to know if I had any dirty movies.  I told him I usually
     rented them.  He kept pressing to find if I had any films at all.
     Finally, I told him I had only one that someone had given me.  He
     wanted to see it.  I told him there was not time, and he said just
     let him see the cover.  By now I was developing a strong attraction
     to this young man and would do about anything he requested.  I
     opened a drawer and pulled out the video tape.  On the cover were
     two men and one woman with little to cover their nudity.

     "Damn! I bet this is a hot one," Rob said instinctively touching
     his crotch.

     I told him we could look at it one night, and as I spoke I was
     stealing glances at a large bulge in Rob's pants.  Just then a
     sharp knock at the door broke our individual thoughts.  As I turned
     to the door, I realized that Rob had left it ajar when he came in.
     Now standing in the door way was Frank with his usual snarl.

     "What you got there, roommate?" he asked pointing to the video in
     Rob's hand.  "You're not planning to look at fuck films when you're
     supposed to be cooking my dinner are you?"

     Without a word I handed Rob the cup of sugar he had come after, and
     he handed me the tape.  As they were leaving, I marvelled at
     Frank's ability to inflict guilt into any situation.  I had a
     Sunday School teacher like that once.  But apparently guilt givers
     come in all shapes and forms.

     A few days later I was surprised to find Frank standing at my door
     with an empty cup in his hand.

     "Sugar?" I asked as coolly as I could. 

     "No," he said very friendly, "I'm making brownies and it calls for
     two eggs.  We don't have any."

     When I asked why the cup, he hesitated and finally admitted that he
     hated to break eggs and asked if I would do it for him.  As I was
     cracking the eggs, Frank groaned.  I asked why he did not like
     eggs, and he told me with a shudder that he didn't like anything
     slimy.  I asked about raw oysters, and he said they made him puke.
     With a bit of malice, I reminded him that oysters would put lead in
     his pecker.  He said he didn't need help in that department.  Then
     with a hand to his crotch and in hoarse whisper said, "Like I told
     you that first day, I'm still looking for some action."

     For a split second I wanted to put my hand on that bulging crotch,
     but sanity took over, and I brushed the opportunity aside.  Surely
     this was his way of putting me on trial.  Had I fallen for his
     ploy, he would have called me a faggot and run to tell his
     roommates that he had been right all along.  Fuck him, I thought as
     I handed him two eggs broken in his cup.

     Instead of leaving, he asked to look at the video tape that I had
     shown Rob.  I got it for him, and he looked at it intently and
     shamelessly gave me a profile of his erected dick.  He was really
     hung, but I refused to give in.  It was a trap.  I took the tape
     from him and promised that maybe he and his roommates could all
     come over and look at it sometime.  I counted on the safety in
     numbers.  But Frank actually looked hurt as he left my apartment.
     Or was it a look of confusion? He had been so cock sure (I love
     that expression) that I was after his dick.  Maybe my sending him
     packing was a disappointment or a blow to his ego.  Funny, I would
     have given anything to have blown that big dick of his, and all I
     blew was his ego.

     The next night at ten o'clock, I opened my door to find Jeff. 

     "What? No cup?" I asked. 

     "I want to borrow something larger than a cup," he said with a
     smile.  "I need a place to sleep tonight."

     Quickly and, I hope, calmly, I threw open the door.  Jeff explained
     that it was his week to share the bed with Frank and that Frank's
     girl friend from back home was there for the night.

     "Rather than sleeping on the floor, I thought I'd take a chance on
     your letting me sleep with you," he said with that smile and
     penetrating look that forbad anyone to say no.  Certainly, I
     didn't.

     I told him to give me a hand making up the guest bed, but when we
     went into my room to get the sheets, he saw my king size bed, and
     asked why bother with the other bed.  Mine was bigger than he was
     used to unless I minded sleeping with him.  When I told him I
     didn't mind at all, I must have given away the whole truth about my
     desire for him.  He went to the far side of the bed and took off
     his glasses and nailed me with one of his bedroom looks.  Next he
     slipped out of his tee shirt and waited for me to take off my
     shirt.  I did so.  Next he took off his shoes and sox.  I followed
     his lead undressing piece by piece, but I could not take my eyes
     off his beautiful face and captivating eyes.  Soon we were down to
     our underpants.  He slipped his off with ease, and I almost
     stumbled taking mine off, for the first glance at his huge soft
     dick swinging below a bush of blond pubic hair was nearly more than
     I could take.

     "Get in bed," he ordered softly, and I willingly obeyed. 

     In the few seconds it took me to get in bed, his dick had risen
     considerably.  When he climbed in bed, he kept climbing until he
     was sitting astride my chest, and I was eye balling one of the most
     delicious looking dicks I had ever seen.

     "Go for it," he said in a tone that was at once both sweet and
     demanding.  I did not have to be told twice.  I slurped that lovely
     dick right down as far as I could take it.  Instantly, it was rock
     hard, and I began maneuvering for a better sucking position.  I
     took his dick out and replaced it with his huge, warm balls.  He
     sighed deeply as I sloshed his balls one at a time in my mouth.

     When I came up for air, I reached for the drawer in my bedside
     table.

     "What you getting?" he asked. 

     "A condom," I said. 

     "No need," he informed me.  "I'm practically a virgin.  I only had
     one girl in high school, and we always used a rubber."

     "No guys?" I asked. 

     "You're my first.  Let's make it good, okay?" he said softly, and
     with these word he lifted my head and inserted his dick into my
     willing mouth.  And as I sucked on that wonderful dick, I knew for
     a certainty that he was telling me the truth about his virginity.
     In no time he was pumping his dick as far down my throat as I could
     take it.  Soon he warned me that he was about to cum, and I sucked
     harder to encourage him.  What a wonderful load it was.  Hot,
     sweet, and plentiful.  I took it all, and when he was finished, he
     nestled up in my arms and went to sleep.  I could not even think of
     sleep.  I lay there with that beautiful, manly youth -a fucking
     wrestler- in my arms wondering what I could possibly have done to
     please the gods for such a reward.

     During the night I awoke to feel a warm mouth on my cock.  When I
     turned on the light, he looked up and smiled and went back to
     sucking on me.  I knew by the way he sucked that he was indeed a
     virgin.  I had to make several requests that he watch his teeth.
     After a while I stopped telling him.  It was a sheer pleasure to be
     bitten by one so beautiful.

     "Hey," he said taking my dick from his mouth, "I can't believe
     this.  I am about cum without even touching my dick."

     I told him it happened that way with guys.  Quickly I got our dicks
     together, and he beat us off using his two hands around our dicks.
     When our cums had stopped shooting and was still flowing over our
     dicks and balls, he said he had never realized that sex could be so
     good with another human being.  I promised him that he had only
     just begun and that I could show him a lot more.  He smiled and
     said he was willing.  With that he curled up in my arms a second
     time, and with our wet dicks touching, we went back to sleep.

     In the morning I heard him slip out of bed and head for the
     bathroom.  I went to the kitchen and fixed coffee and wondered what
     kind of "morning after" thoughts Jeff was having.  When I heard the
     shower running, I got a towel and went into the bathroom.  "Here's
     a towel," I yelled over the noise of the shower.  "Thanks," he
     said.  I wanted him to say something else, but I didn't know what.
     As I was going out the bathroom door, he yelled, "Hey, Mike, do you
     have that dried cum all over you dick and balls?" When I told him I
     did, he asked me to join him in the shower and we could washing
     each other off.  Jesus, did I get in that shower in a hurry!

     Drying off in my bedroom he told me he thought something was
     probably wrong with him.  I thought, Oh no.  Here comes the guilt
     shit.  I told him nothing was wrong with him, and he asked, "If
     nothing is wrong with me, why is my dick hard all the time?" I told
     him it was made that way for people like me who like to take the
     lead out of other guy's peckers.  He laughed and taking his huge
     meat in both hands asked, "You want to take some out of me right
     now?"

     Within the minute I had him propped up on pillars in my bed, and I
     was between his legs sucking everything in sight.  In no time he
     shot a copious load of cum down my throat.  After I had swallowed
     it all, I looked up into those beautiful blue eyes and I almost
     cried when he said gently, "Thanks." We looked at each other for a
     minute without saying a word while his dick grew soft and fell on
     my face.

     He broke the silence by asking, "What else you got to teach me?" I
     asked if he was really ready, and when he said yes, I lifted his
     legs and licked the underside of his balls getting very close to
     his clean ass hole.  He lifted his legs higher and offered me
     anything I wanted.  At that point, I felt we both knew what we
     wanted, but I stopped licking him long enough to roll him over on
     his stomach.  Then I began licking first one check of his ass and
     then another.  Each time I switched to the other cheek, my tongue
     came closer to the center and that dark hole that awaited my
     attention.  When I was within an inch of his hole, Jeff began
     moaning and moving his whole body on the bed.  Finally, he reached
     around with his hands and pulled wide opened his ass checks
     revealing to me a hairless hole that was already opening itself and
     inviting my tongue to invade it.  I paused just long enough to
     inflict Jeff with the anxiety of anticipation.  Then I plunged my
     tongue deep into his ass.  As I did, he rose up off the bed and
     forced his ass into my face.

     Next he got on his hands and knees and pushed his ass into my face
     and moved up and down.  I felt as if my mouth was on a bucking
     horse, but I was determined not to lose him, and he sure seemed
     determined to stick with me.  After about three minutes of the
     wildest face fucking I had ever had, he turned and put his arms
     around me and flipped me over in the bed.  For a moment I thought
     he had gone wild, but then I realized I had just been thrown to the
     mat by a wrestler.  Before I could get up, he climbed up on my face
     and pushed his ass right down on my mouth and began rubbing it and
     yelling for me to stick my tongue in deeper.  I had so much of his
     sweet ass in my mouth that I could hardly breath.

     After a few minutes of that he quickly got off me and said, "Come
     on.  You know what we have to do next.  Let's do it."

     I knew exactly what was next.  I told him to lie on his back.  As
     he got ready, I reached for a lubricant, but he shook his head.
     "No grease," he said, "just you and me."

     "Okay, Jeff, no lubricant," I said, "but you might as well learn
     from the beginning to do it right, and doing it right means using a
     condom." As I pulled the rubber over my enlarged dick, I added
     truthfully, "I have been with other guys."

     He nodding his head understandingly, and I lifted his legs and gave
     him once last tonguing before putting my hard dick into his virgin
     ass.  I was easy.  After all, I have a big dick, and it was his
     first time.  However, he took it like a sport, and soon I was
     throwing him all I had and he was asking for more.  What a sight I
     had.  His beautiful face looking up at me with lust, his muscular
     body soaking up my hard dick.  I leaned over and suck on his tits,
     and he almost cried with joy.  "I am going to cum," he whispered.
     I told him that I was too, and just as we both reached our climax,
     our mouths came together in a deep and longing kiss.

     When I pulled out of him, he pulled me up on his chest, and I could
     feel his warm cum sticking us together.  "Guess what," he said.
     "Next time you get the bottom." I told him it suited the shit right
     out of me, and I asked if Frank's girl friend would be spending
     another night.  He said she was and he sure hoped he could find
     someone to take him in again.  No problem, I said.
 
********************** 
 
      If I fuck a thousand guys, I'll never forget Jeff's look when I
      pulled out of him.  His virgin ass had enjoyed the hell out of the
      fucking I had given him, and it hadn't taken him long to get used
      to my big cock and the pleasures of taking it up the ass.  But
      when I pulled out, he learned another new thing about fucking:
      when it's over, there's an empty place in your ass and in your
      spirit.  I am not sure I can describe this, but when two guys are
      really enjoying fucking each other, regardless of who's top and
      who's bottom, there is a union of both body and spirit.  And when
      the dick and ass separate, there is a moment of emptiness.  That's
      why when I pull out, I always do some hugging and kissing.  That
      sort of keeps the spirit of the act alive.  People who just fuck
      to get their rocks off might not understand what I'm saying, but
      let me tell you, Jeff was not the kind of guy you just wanted to
      fuck and forget.

     "Next time, you get the bottom," he said again cutting to my heart
     with both his words and his beautiful blue eyes.  I could tell by
     the way he said it that he had enjoyed my fucking him, and he
     wanted to show that he could give the same pleasure to me.
     Naturally, I felt in love with him on the spot.  Here was a guy who
     wanted to fuck me, not just for his own pleasure, but to give me
     pleasure, too.  That's what fucking is all about.

     Jeff spent the rest of the day with his roommates and Frank's girl
     friend.  In the afternoon they invited me over for drinks.  I had a
     hard time being so near Jeff, and tried not to look at him, but he
     was the same easy going, self assured athlete.  He asked me about
     my work, background, and schooling just as if we have not spent the
     previous night fucking our eyeballs out.  Once when no one was
     looking, he winked wickedly.  Frank was unusually kind.  He made
     none of his usual petty remarks.  His girl was the typical,
     uninteresting yuppie.  I could not help but wonder as we sat with
     our drinks talking quite properly if she had gagged on that big
     dick of his.  I suspected that she had not even taken it in the
     mouth.  In fact, she looked so straight, I was surprised she even
     slept with him.  Maybe she just gave him a hand job.  I was so busy
     hoping that Frank had had a miserable sexual experience, that I
     almost missed a question he directed at me.

     "I hope you didn't mind having Jeff stay with you last night.  He
     behaved, didn't he?" asked Frank with faked innocence.

     "I did not mind, and I can't tell you if he behaved." I said.
     "Whatever he did, he did in the other bedroom."

     "Oh? I thought maybe you two would sleep in that big bed of yours,"
     said Frank with a more of his faked innocence.

     Before I could answer, Frank's girl spoke up, "Don't be silly,
     honey, guys don't sleep together in the same bed."

     Apparently, Miss Proper did not know the the sleeping arrangement
     of the three.  Hadn't she noticed that there were only two beds, a
     double and a single? I decided it was my turn to get in a little
     malice.  "Some guys do," I said taking another drink.

     This caused a conversational pause that couldn't be gapped.  I made
     my excuses and went home.  Jeff saw me to the door and asked in a
     voice that all could hear if I was sure I didn't mind him sleeping
     in my spare bedroom again.  I also speaking for the benefit of the
     others said it was no problem and that all three of them were
     welcome to use the room whenever there was a need.  Then to add to
     the innocence of our relationship, I gave Jeff a spare key in case
     he came in after I had retired.  I thought it was a nice touch
     since nothing would put me to sleep until I slept in his arms.
 
     I was lying in bed grading English themes when I heard him unlock
     the door and come in.  My heart skipped a beat. I was speechless.
     He came in the bedroom and said nothing.  I wondered if he was
     having second thoughts about sex with me.  Neither of us spoke.  We
     just looked at each other.  Finally, he reached over and pulled the
     sheet off my naked body.  Still no words were spoken.  Slowly and
     deliberately he began to undress.  First, he pulled off his tee
     shirt revealing that muscular, wrestler's chest.  He sat down on a
     chair to take off his shoes and sox.  Then he stood to unfasten his
     jeans.  He tried to let them fall to his ankles, but because of an
     enormous erection, he had to pushed them past his crotch.  Then he
     just stood there with his pants around his ankles and his dick
     pointing straight at me.  I knew what he wanted.  It was my turn to
     get fucked, but I really wondered if I could take that huge piece
     of meat.  I had never had one that b ig.  But when I looked in his
     eyes, my fears and anxieties melted.  Jeff could do wonders with
     his eyes.  One soulful look from those blue eyes, and my asshole
     relaxed and began to itch for him to fuck me.

     He came to the edge of the bed.  Still neither of us had spoken.  I
     rose up on my elbow and took the head of his dick into my mouth and
     tongued it good.  He moaned softly, and while I was still sucking
     his cock, he leaned over and opened the bedside table.  I could
     hear him taking out the lubricant and a package of condoms.  I
     sucked him harder and thought thank god he is going to use a
     lubricant.  The night before he had insisted I fuck him with just
     my spit, but then I had eating his ass to the point it was ready
     for anything.

     I sucked deeper when I felt Jeff's hand on my ass.  He pulled open
     the cheeks, and I felt a well lubricated finger slip into my ass.
     I moaned in pleasure, and I knew that I wanted his dick in me more
     than anything else.

     Suddenly, a thought struck me, and I jumped up and crawled to the
     other side of the bed and turned to face him.  On my hands and
     knees I said in a firm voice, "You want my ass, don't you? Well,
     Mr. High School Wrestler, I'm not giving it to you." A look of
     confusion crossed Jeff's face.  "If you want it, you're going to
     have to take it," I said.

     Now Jeff smiled broadly, and said, "That ass belongs to me." I told
     him to come get it, and in a flash he was on me.  I had never
     wrestled before, but I was learning fast.  I put up a struggle, but
     my efforts were nothing for Jeff.  In no time he had me on my back
     with my shoulders penned to the bed for the count of three.  Next
     he flipped over on my stomach and pulled my right arm up behind my
     back and sat on my butt.  He pushed on my arm until I felt the pain
     and then asked, "Whose asshole is this?"  Quickly, I told him it
     was his.  He released my arm and stretched out on my back with his
     mouth to my ear and his hard dick up against my ass.  He whispered,
     "You want me to fuck you? Tell me!" I begged him to fuck me.

     "You got to help me do something," he whispered again. "What?" With
     a laugh he said,"Help me with this damn condom."

      We sat up and faced each in bed, and he let me roll the condom
      over his huge dick. God! he looked sexy with that rubber on.  I
      remembered how I hated it when I first started using condoms, but
      now they have become a real turn on.  The sight of a rubber on a
      hard dick causes my ass to juice up and get ready for action.

      It was not an easy entry, but I was determined not to stop him or
      slow him down.  It was his first piece of male ass, and I wanted
      it to be good for him.  I knew it would be good for me.  He wanted
      me on my stomach which is not my favorite position when being
      fucked by a giant cock.  When I'm on my back, I can always wiggle
      away from the full force of a pounding dick, but when I'm on my
      stomach, there is nowhere to go.  Being a wrestler, Jeff wanted
      his man penned beneath him, and pen me to the bed he did.

     I soon realized I was right about why Jeff wanted me on my back.
     Fucking did remind him of wresting.  I began to wondered if his
     mind was on wrestling me or fucking me.  Well, of course, he was
     fucking me.  That pole of a dick kept reminding me of that fact.
     But I also had the feeling he was both wresting and fucking every
     guy he had been to the mat with.

     I asked him who his favorite wrestling buddy was in high school,
     and he said a guy name Phil. Then he started fucking me harder, and
     while he fucked, he put his arms under mine and his hands behind my
     neck.  I assumed it was some kind of wrestling hold.  Then he drove
     his dick to the hilt in my ass.  In that position, I was helpless
     to do anything except take every inch of it.

     I had a feeling I knew what was going through his mind, so I asked
     him how he would like to be fucking his buddy Phil right now.  He
     moaned and said nothing but by the increase of his pounding dick in
     my ass, I knew I had been right.  Jeff was in bed with me, but he
     was fucking his high school buddy.  Yet I didn't care.  After all,
     I was getting the pleasure of feeling that big dick, not some
     friend from the past.

     By the time he reached his climax, I was about to blow a load too.
     As soon as he had finished, he withdrew and turned me over and
     grabbed my dick and pounded it to until flying shots of my cum hit
     me on the chin.  Then without a word, he leaned over and kissed me
     deeply on the mouth.  I could feel my wet cum joining our touching
     chins.  Still leaning over me, he put his head next to mine on the
     pillar and sobbed.  I asked him what was wrong, but he continued to
     sob for about a half minute.  Then he raised his head and looked at
     me with tears in those beautiful eyes.

     "You were right.  I was thinking about Phil," he said pausing.
     "All those years we wrestled.  I wanted to... I think we both
     wanted to.  I hope you don't mind."

     "Why should I mind?" I asked taking a tear from his eye on my
     finger and putting into my mouth.

     "Because this was my first time, and it should have been with you,
     not him," he explained.

     "It was with both of us, and I'm glad you shared with me your
     thoughts," I said truthfully.  For a second I wondered how many
     times I had fucked or gotten fucked with my mind or or the other
     guy's mind on someone else.  At least here was someone who was
     honest about his thoughts, and that made the act even more
     intimate.

     "Let's get a shower together," he said getting up. "And next time,
     I promise that my thoughts will all be on you."

     I said it was a deal, and as I got in the shower with him, it came
     to me that I had just had the best fuck of my entire life and was
     due for another from this hunky, good looking wrestler.
 
                           + + + + + + 

     Sunday night Frank's girl friend went, and Jeff had no excuse for
     spending the night with me.  We had a hard time seeing each other
     alone, and he finally resorted to calling me on the phone from
     school.  He could never seem to get away from his roommates.
     Wednesday he came over, and while we were discussing whether or not
     we could get by with a fast fuck in bed, there was a knock at the
     door.  Both his roommates were there.  I felt sure they were
     checking up on us.  Quickly, I told them I was just about to call
     and invite them over for popcorn.  Rob suggested we look at a fuck
     film and my VHS.  So I popped the corn, and put on a straight fuck
     film that I usually show to my straight friends or the to guys I'm
     trying to seduce.

     It was a boring party.  After a few comments, none of the roommates
     said anything.  I noticed that all three had hardons.  I also
     noticed that Frank kept cutting his eye both toward me and Jeff.  I
     figured he suspected something, but it had to be all guessing on
     his part.  Jeff and I hardly look at one another throughout the
     film.  When it was over, I told them I had papers to grade and that
     had studying to do.  As they stood to leave, I saw each was still
     sporting a hardon.  Jeff and Rob tried to cover theirs up, but
     Frank made his very obvious and then said something that surprised
     me.

     "Hey, that made me real horny.  Who do I sleep with tonight? Oh,
     yeah, Rob.  How about giving me a little bit tonight?" he said
     slapping Rob on the back.

     "You just stay on your side of the bed, Frank," said Rob.  "Beside,
     you had your woman all weekend."

     "Hell, that's history.  Anyway, she wouldn't even..." Frank paused
     and then obviously changed his words, "she wouldn't even begin to
     take care of all I got to give." So saying, he pushed forward his
     crotch which still showed a fairly good size piece of meat trying
     to break lose.

     "What he means," said Rob to me," is that she still won't give him
     any head."

     "Fuck you" said Frank. 

     "Come on! Let go home," said Jeff.  "Mike doesn't need to hear all
     this bullshit.  He hears it all day from his students."

     "Yeah," said Frank, "but they are little high school pricks.  We
     are big..."

     "College pricks," said Jeff, and everyone but Frank laughed. 

     As they left, Frank made a point of being last, and as he was
     walking out he cupped his crotch and said to his buddies in a way
     that I knew was for my benefit, "Well, I'm still looking for
     someone to swing on this and I don't care who it is."

     I couldn't deny that I was a lot more attracted to Frank than the
     first time I met him.  He had gone from belligerent to caustic to
     almost flirting.  I guess he just didn't know how to out and out
     ask someone to suck his dick.  Poor Rob, I thought.  He has to
     sleep with Frank tonight.

     At eleven I was just finishing grading the last paper when I heard
     a light knock on the door.  I knew at once that it was Jeff
     sneaking away from his roommates.  I rushed to the door without
     putting anything on.  I pulled it open enough to see out, and there
     stood Rob.  Before I could stop him, he pushed the door open, came
     in, and closed it behind him.  And there we stood, me naked and him
     fully clothed.

     I had not turned on the lights, and it took him a few moments to
     see that I was naked.  My mind was racing for reasons when he said,
     "I bet you thought I was Jeff."

     "Let me get my robe," I said without answering his question.  Going
     to the bedroom would give me time to collect my thoughts, but he
     surprised me by following me and watching me put on my robe.

     "Jeff taught you that, didn't he?" he asked. 

     "Taught me what?" I asked with my heart pounding.  I was cursing
     myself for messing around with someone so near home.  How would we
     ever get out of this?

     "Taught you to run around the apartment nude.  He's always doing
     that and telling us that we are candy asses and ashamed of our
     dicks and all kind of shit like that."

     "Well, in my apartment I feel I can do what I want," I said
     somewhat cooling off.

     "Yeah, that's what Jeff says." 

     "How about you? Do you run around nude in your apartment?" I made
     boldly to ask.

     "Sometimes," he said slowly, "but only if Frank's not there." 

     "Why is that?" I asked feeling better by the minute. 

     "Frank is too grab ass for me." 

     I couldn't believe Frank to be the grab ass type, but then my image
     of Frank was changing for the better.  Rob went on to say that he
     was wondering if he might take me up on sleeping in my apartment.
     He said he just was not up to sleeping with Frank.  I told him it
     would be fine and that he could help me make the guest bed.

     "Oh, you don't have to go to that much trouble," he said. 

     "Well, you certainly don't want to sleep on a bed without any
     sheets on it," I said paternally.

     "No, I was thinking I could sleep here in your bed.  It's plenty
     big for both of us, if you don't mind," said Rob without ever once
     looking at my face.  I am glad he didn't, because I was in shock.
     Was he coming on to me?

     "Hey, do you mind if we look at that film?" he asked.  "Not the one
     you showed tonight.  The other one with the two guys and a girl."

     I mumbled yes, and then he blew my mind away.  He started
     undressing.  He took everything off, and I saw standing before me a
     beautiful young man with a runner's body and a semi hard, long dick
     swinging between his legs.

     "You said it was okay to go naked in your apartment, didn't you,"
     he asked with childlike innocence.

     "Of course," I muttered looking at him from head to toe.  He stood
     just long enough for me to get a good look and then started for the
     living room calling over his shoulder for me to take off my robe.
     I practically tore it in half getting out of it.

     I got the film started on the VCR and the popcorn in the Microwave.
     Rob was sitting on the sofa and I on a lazy boy recliner.  The
     movie was in the introductory stage which meant all the characters
     still had their clothes on.

     "Do they both fuck her?" he wanted to know. 

     "Of course." 

     "I mean at the same time," he explained. 

     I told him everybody would fuck everybody, and he seemed pleased by
     the answer.  I went after the popcorn, and when I got back, Rob
     patted the place by him on the sofa and told me to sit by him so we
     could both reach the popcorn.  By then the movie was getting to a
     steamy session, and I could not help but notice that Rob's dick was
     responding.  Sitting beside him made it a awkward to steal glances
     at his rise cock.  I tried to see it every time I reached for
     popcorn, and always caught me looking. When the guys started
     messing with each other in the movie, he really started getting
     hot.  His dick was not large around, but it was a monster in
     length.  Just the kind that slips all the way down the throat with
     ease.  Finally, I mentioned that he really had a big dick.  He
     stared at mine and said I did too.

     I was just at the point of reaching for his dick when he asked if I
     had seen that movie where the guy put his dick through the bottom
     of a popcorn cup so that his girl got a feel of his dick when she
     went for popcorn.  I had seen the film.  He said he always wanted
     to try that and did I have any large paper cups.  As a matter of
     fact, I had some large plastic drink cups that would serve the
     purpose.  I got one for him, and he pushed the bottom out, stuck
     his dick in it and filled it with popcorn.

     "Do you want someone to reach for the popcorn?" I asked willingly. 

     "No," he said with a wicked smile, and I was crestfallen until he
     added, "I want someone to eat the popcorn."

     I set a world record getting on my knees in front of him.  I
     started eating the popcorn from around his dick, but could not
     wait.  I pulled off the cup sending popcorn flying, and before the
     last piece hit the floor, his dick was out of sight down my throat
     and his whole body was responding in ecstasy.  He draped him legs
     across my back and ran both hand through my hair.  He whispered
     that it was the first time he had ever had his entire dick in
     someone's mouth.  I gave it a few plunges to the hilt and then
     started licking his balls.  I asked if the girls couldn't take it
     all.  After a pause, he told me he had never gone all the way with
     a girl and then quickly asked that I not tell his roommates he was
     a virgin.  Just before going back to his dick, I asked if anyone
     else had ever sucked him.  He said only his best buddy in high
     school.  They used to do it after track practice.

     I sucked a while longer before asking my next question.  Was it
     mutual with his buddy? He didn't answer.  Instead, he stood up and
     gently pushed me back on the carpet.  He sat beside me and ran his
     hands over my chest and stomach.  Then he took hold of my dick,
     looked at it for a moment, and leaning over, took it in his mouth.
     I almost cummed on the spot.  He couldn't take it all.  I didn't
     expect him to, but he sure sucked dick better than Jeff.  I could
     tell he had had some experience.  After a minute I pushed around so
     that I could reach his dick, and we stretched out on the floor and
     got into a sixty nine position.  In no time he was pumping a hot
     load of salty cum down my throat.  I wondered if it was the cum or
     the popcorn that caused the salty taste.  Before I could shoot, he
     pulled away from my dick.  I figured I had missed my chance.  But
     he told me he didn't want me to cum yet.  He had other plans.  At
     that point I was more than willing f or him to take charge, and
     take charge he did.

     "I gotta pissed," he said heading for the bathroom.  "Don't do
     anything until I get back."

     I lay there with a stiff dick and listened to him pissing.  Then I
     heard him open my medicine cabinet and wondered what he was up to.
     Soon I saw him coming down the hall with a tube of lubricant in one
     hand and a pack of condoms in the other.  "What are these for?" he
     asked with a sheepish grin.  When I told him they were play things,
     he said, "Maybe we ought to play with them."

     "Whatever you like," I said wondering if this was a dream. 

     "I like the way you suck," he said matter of factly, and sat down
     on my chest and flopped his semi soft long dick in my face.  I took
     it at once.  God, but I love sucking a soft dick after it has shot
     a load.  But it was not soft for long.  With the encouragement of
     my tongue and lips, it regained its stiffness.  When it was fully
     hard, he began gently to face-fuck me pushing his long narrow dick
     all the way down my throat.  After a while he pulled it out and
     laid it across my nose and between my eyes.  I was lick its
     underside as he moved up enough to lower his balls in my mouth.

     "I love your mouth," he said in a husky voice of sexual excitement.
     "What else do you like to suck?"

     I figured that was an open invitation.  I put my hands on his ass
     cheeks and spread them open.  When I felt his glory hole, I was
     surprised to find it already lubricated.

     "Want some of that?" he asked still in that husky voice of aroused
     passion.

     Without a word I pushed him off me and turned him over on his back,
     and reached for a condom.  As I was putting it on, he said he was
     not sure he could take it all but that he would try.  But I knew
     that his ass was mine, all of it.  When I was ready to mount him,
     he turned over on his stomach and pushed his ass up in the air.  It
     is not my favorite position, but I thought maybe it would be fine
     for starters.  When my dick touched his ass, he stiffened up.  I
     told him to relax as I pushed first one finger and then another
     into his tight hole.  "Go for it," he told me.  I pressed my dick
     into him an inch and then paused.  He breathed heavily but said
     nothing.  I figured he was no virgin to ass fucking.

     "Did your track buddy get some of this?" I asked pushing my dick in
     another inch.  He said yes and pushed back on my dick taking
     another inch.  After that I couldn't talk for the pure enjoyment of
     his ass.  It seemed to grabbed every part of my dick and suck it up
     into his beautiful body.  On my knees I was soon pounding my meat
     completely into his willing asshole, and he was meeting my every
     thrust gladly.  I had to slow down.  I wanted it to last.

     I pulled out and told him to follow me to the bedroom.  As we were
     walking down the hall, he said he had never been to bed with a man.
     He said his buddy and he used to do it after school in the locker
     room, in the car, or wherever they could find a private place.  He
     got on the bed and again raised his ass dog fashion.  I told him I
     was going to show him a new way and turned him over on his back.
     He looked puzzled until I raised his legs over my shoulders.  He
     made a little gasp as I pressed my hard cock completely up his ass.
     Before he could say anything, I lowered my mouth on his and kissed
     him.  He didn't respond, and knowing the answer, I asked if his
     buddy and he ever kissed.  "No," he said, "but I think I like it."
     And with those words, he pressed his mouth against mine.  With my
     dick completely up his ass on one end and my tongue down his throat
     on the other end, I was in bliss! In no time I was unloading my cum
     in a fireworks orgasm.  As I was shooting my last drops, I grabbed
     his dick.  He yelled that he was cumming, and just in time I
     lowered my mouth onto its head and caught it.  I had to know if it
     was the popcorn or his cum that was so salty.  It was the popcorn.
     This load of cum was deliciously sweet.

     We showered together and curled up and slept in each other's arms.
     Once during the night I awoke and wondered about his roommates.
     One of them I had been to bed with.  Would each find out about the
     other? Would that cause a problem? And what about Frank? What would
     we do about him? As it turned out, they were questions that would
     answer themselves within the week.  In the mean time, I went back
     to sleep in the arms of a beautiful youth whom I had truly made
     love to.

******* 
 
     After one weekend with Jeff and then several nights with Rob,
     suddenly I had no one.  They were busy with their college work and
     activities, and I had my school work: grading high school themes,
     going to sports events, and trying to act the role of a dedicated
     English teacher.  After a few days, I was really getting horny.  I
     caught myself looking at one of the husky school wrestlers and
     thinking of Jeff.

     What was going on across the hall? After a few more days, I began
     to think something was happening.  Maybe Jeff and Rob suspected
     each other of going to bed with me.  Maybe in a weak moment they
     both confessed, and then blamed it all on me.  I could just hear
     them telling one another that I took advantage of them in a moment
     of passion.  Or I got them drunk or something.  Hell, the truth of
     the matter is that they both put the make on me.  They had figured
     me out and came on to me.

     Friday at lunch I decided I had to make some kind of move.  I would
     invited the three over for drinks or to look at another fuck film.
     That should do the trick.  If they turned me down by making up some
     lame excuse, then I would know the whole thing was over.  I was so
     nervous that I gave my classes free time for the rest of the day.
     I kept thinking how terrible it would be having to live across the
     hall from three people with whom I had an uncomfortable
     relationship.  Damn it! I should have never gone to bed with
     someone so close at home.

     By four thirty I already had a couple of drinks and a slight buzz
     when I heard someone enter the apartment across the hall.  It was
     now or never.  I finished off my drink and went over and knocked on
     the door.  Frank opened the door and stood behind it until he saw
     it who it was.  Then he threw wide the door letting me see that he
     was half dressed. "I was about to get a shower," he said scratching
     his balls.  When I said I would return later, he insisted I come in
     and have a beer.  "I've been lifting weights at the gym," he
     explained.  "Let me get a quick shower." He insisted I take my beer
     to his bedroom and wait for him to finish.

     In no time he was out of the bathroom with just a towel draped
     around his muscular body.  He took his time dressing.  I think he
     enjoyed showing off his stuff.  And he had the stuff to show off!
     His dick was long even when soft, and he had larger balls than
     either of his roommates.

     I tried to make small talk while he took the towel and re-dried
     himself.  He gave special attention to rubbing his balls and dick
     thus causing it to rise a little.  It was hard to keep my eyes off
     that lovely piece of cut meat swinging between his legs.  I did not
     want him to catch me looking at his long dong, and I could tell he
     kept trying to see if I was looking.  After a while, I thought,
     What the hell? He knows anyway.  Why should I try to hide it? When
     he finally put on his underpants, he did so right in front of the
     chair where I was sitting.  I was practically eye level and just a
     few feet from a really great looking cock.  Then he said he had put
     his underpants on backwards and took them off to give me another
     view.  By then we both were into the game.  His dick had a semi
     erection, but neither of us verbalized what was going on.  He just
     showed me his cock, and I looked.

     During this dressing and exhibition scene, I managed to tell him
     why I was there, namely to invite him and his roommates over for a
     drink and a movie on the video that evening.  When he asked with a
     wink what movie I had to show, I told him innocently that I was
     planning to rent whatever movie they wanted to see.  He immediately
     suggested we look at another of my fuck films.  I said fine and
     told him to tell his roommates and be over around eight.  As he
     walked me to the door, he put his arms around my shoulder and gave
     me some bullshit about being a good neighbor.

     Back in my apartment, I chided myself for giving in to staring at
     Frank's dick.  It was true that he had me figured out, but I also
     had him figured out.  Frank was a homophobic of the worst kind.  I
     was sure that if I ever made a pass at him, he would scream his
     innocence in leading me on and most probably do me violence.  If
     nothing else, he was sure to brag to his roommates that he had told
     them I was a faggot.  I was going to have to keep Frank at a
     distance.  So what if he had a weight lifter's body, a big dick,
     and lovely balls?

     At exactly eight o'clock, there was a knock on the door.  Before
     opening it, I checked to make sure every thing was in order.
     Popcorn, beer, film in the video.  Everything was in order.  I
     walked slowly to the door with happy expectations of an evening
     with three beautiful youths.  When I opened the door, Frank stood
     there alone with a sheepish grin on his face.  I invited him in and
     asked if the others were on their way.  He ignored my question and
     made for he popcorn and beer.  I waited for him to settle on the
     sofa before asking again.

     He explained that both Jeff and Rob had college activities to
     attend that night.  Then he said rather un-convincingly that he had
     forgot they would not be home when he accepted my invitation.  "Am
     I still invited?" he wanted to know.  I told him yes, and wondered
     how I was going to play his little game of queer bating all
     evening.

     "Let's look at a fuck film," he said going to the VHS.  "Where do
     you keep the good one?"

     Before I could answer, he opened the cabinet beside the television
     and was looking over my collection of porno films.  He pulled one
     out and said, "This looks interesting.  I've never seen one of
     these.  Can we look at it?"

     To my shock I saw he had an all male film.  "Anything you want," I
     said.

     He slipped it in the VHS and turned on the television.  The film
     showed two college football players after practice.  They were
     alone in the locker room horsing around.  Next they went to the
     shower together and played around some more.  I had seen it several
     times and kept worrying about what Frank would say or do when the
     two got down to hard core action.  The hell with it, I thought.
     After all, he was the one who chose it.

     As the two players were drying off, Frank said, "Hey, that reminds
     me of getting dressed in front of you this afternoon."

     "Yeah, but we didn't do what these two are about to do," I said
     trying to warn him of the direction the film was going.  Frank
     glanced at me with a grin which I could not interpret.

     "That one guy has a great...," Frank paused and then said,
     "..body."

     "Not as great as yours," I said before thinking. 

     "I lift weights," said Frank.  He's just an actor." His eyes were
     glued the screen when to my surprise, he said, "And look at that
     big dick he's got."

     "Not as big as yours," I said not caring this time. 

     "Oh, mine isn't so big," said Frank in a tone that admitted the
     lie.  I didn't say anything.  I had gone as far as I dared.  In
     silence we watched the actors who continued to towel off as their
     dicks grew larger by the second.

     "Do you really think so?" asked Frank, and then taking his eyes
     from the film and toward me, he added, "That my dick is big?"

      I assured him it was very big.  He smiled and then looked back at
      the film for a few minutes.  By this time the two athletes had
      dropped their towels and one had dropped to his knees and was
      sucking the other's cock.

     "God, I haven't had a blow job in a long time," Frank said with
     heavy breathing.

     "Not since your girl was here last week," I made bold to say. 

     "Shit! She wouldn't suck dick.  She didn't even want to fuck." 

     By now Frank was shamelessly rubbing his cock, and I could easily
     see it was fully hard beneath his jeans.

     "I thought sure she would have sucked you," I pressed. 

     "No, she said it was too big.  Hell, I hate to go through life
     missing blow jobs because it's too big," he said and without
     looking at me asked, "Do you think it's too big to get sucked?"

     "I don't really know since I haven't seen it," I spoke hardly able
     to breath.

     "You mind having a look at it and letting me know what you think?"
     he asked, unzipping his pants without waiting for me to answer.  It
     was so hard, he couldn't get it out, and I suggested he lower his
     pants which he quickly did while walking over to stand in front of
     my chair.  I almost fainted when I saw the whole thing standing
     hard and long before my face.

     "Well, what do you think? Is it too big for someone to suck?" he
     asked practically pushing it into my face.

     "Shall I try and see?" I asked. 

     "Go for it," he said, and without waiting grabbed my head and
     pushed my mouth onto his throbbing dick.

     What a dick to have pushed into your mouth! It was far too much to
     deep throat, but it was sure as hell fun trying a few times.  But I
     quickly gave up that and went for putting a sucking on that huge
     cock head.  I don't know when I have had such a prick to suck on,
     and I really don't think I've ever had anyone who apparently
     enjoyed it more.  Frank was all motion.  Not only was his cock
     flying in and out of mouth as fast as I could take it, but he was
     flexing his whole body.  He would go up on his toes and them
     tighten his stomach muscles.  He would run his hands through my
     hair and then lean over and rubbed my back, and with all this
     motion came a constant chatter of encouragement.  "Suck it, buddy,
     Oh please suck it.  I need it.  God! That feels good.  You're the
     best.  Take all of my dick you want.  It's yours, baby."

     His words alone about made me cum in my pants.  I could feel juice
     running out of my cock.  About that time, he made a loud sound, and
     yelled, "Jesus! I'm cummng.  I'm really cumming!"

     And cum he did.  It was like a geyser erupting in my mouth.  It had
     to be the most cum I had ever had in my mouth -and out of my mouth.
     There was no way I could take it all, but I manfully tried.  When
     he finished shooting, he did not pull away but left his softening
     dick in my mouth.  As it grew smaller, I was able to take more of
     it until finally I had it completely down my throat.  At this point
     Frank leaned down and playfully bit my ear and whispered, "Thanks,
     buddy.  That was great." And with these words, he pull his dick
     from my mouth and throat and went back to the sofa.

     I was bone hard and hot as hell, but I also knew that this would be
     a critical time in dealing with Frank.  I was wondering what his
     next action would be.  I was prepared for a guilt trip or one of
     those "I have never done that before, but those films made me horny
     and I couldn't help my self."

     It's the straight's ploy of putting the blame on the other person.

     When he got to the sofa instead of pulling up his pants, he took
     them completely off and asked if the door was locked. I told him
     that it was, and he said that he was sorry he came so fast, but
     that he could easily go twice if I was interesting.  Was I
     interested! He stretched out nude on my sofa and was the prettiest
     picture of male, masculine beautiful.  "Come here," he told me.  I
     was there in a flash.  "Did you get off?" he asked.  When I told
     him that I didn't, he said, "I like it when someone licks on me.
     Do you mind doing that? I mean, you don't think that's weird or
     anything."

     I assured him I didn't think it was weird, and in no time I was
     kneeling at the sofa and lapping up on his muscular chest.  I was
     going good on his right nipple when I felt his hand rubbed against
     my dick.  "Hey, you got a big one, too," he said.  "Let's have a
     look at it." I pulled out my dick which was as hard as marble, and
     when I went back to sucking on his chest, I felt his big hand
     wrapped around my cock.  Next he started jerking it.  That did it.
     I raised up and told him I was cumming, and just before the first
     shots fired, I lowered my face into his crotch and rubbed it in his
     pubic hair and soft dick.

     When calm and sanity returned to my thinking, I wondered how much a
     mess I had made on the rug and sofa.  I looked down, and he read my
     thoughts.

     "No, problem," Frank said.  "I caught it all in my hand." 

     And sure enough, I looked at that beautiful hand of his and found
     it full of my milky cum.  He raised it and rubbed it on my chest,
     and then silently lifted it to my mouth and offered me a taste.
     I'm not one usually interested in tasting my own cum, but I
     couldn't refuse the sweetness of the moment with Frank.

     As I touched my tongue to his hand, he winked and said, "I hope you
     like the taste, because I'll have another load for you before the
     night is over.  And he was as good as his word.  Next time we did
     in my bed.

     Frank was not only good during sex but also afterwards.  He was no
     bang, bang thank you, man fucker.  We lay abed and he told me all
     about himself.  He said he had been mean toward me, because he
     always considered homosexual people weird.  On his high school
     football team all the players talked about what sissies the gays
     were, but strangely enough, it was while he was on the football
     team that he started jerking off with his buddies.  It was an off
     the field event.  Is always started with individual masturbation,
     but it usually ended with mutual masturbation.  Frank said he had
     jerked off and been jerked off by almost everyone on his high
     school football team.  Frank would never consider sucking a dick,
     but since he and his football buddies had jerked each other off, he
     never minded getting me off with his hand.  Truth to tell, he
     didn't have to do much.  After sucking on him, I was ready to go in
     a second.  It took just a few shakes of that big hand to get me to
     the stars.

     When I asked about why he had decided to change his attitude toward
     me, he said it was due to the girl who had spent the weekend with
     him.  He had tried all weekend to get some head from her, but she
     refused.  He decided then that he was crazy to turned down a steady
     blow job so near home.  "You are going to be my steady cocksucker,
     aren't you?" Frank asked ruffling my hair.  I didn't say a word but
     slowly slipped between his legs and slipped his dick into my mouth
     and closed my eyes as I felt his hand slip around my hardening
     dick.

     For next two years, the boys next door kept me in dick, and I kept
     them out of cum.  The four of us never did it together.  In fact, I
     never admitted to a one of them that I was sucking the other other
     two.  I am sure the three all know what was going on, but they
     preferred to play it cool.  Oh, by the way, which one turned out to
     be my very favorite? Which would you have chosen? I never had to
     choose as I had them all three every week.
