                         THE BEER PARTY



Chelsea stood at her window and stared at the bonfire burning in
the woods a mile away.  It was a party; probably a beer party, she
thought, but a party no less.

She'd seen that fire almost every night, though she'd yet to go
out there, even during the day.  She hadn't even been here that long;
her family--her, her father and mother--had moved here in the middle
of June, just after school let out, and it was already early August.
She'd yet to make any friends; her family lived so far outside of
town, on a small farm, that she never saw anybody.

The fire offered a chance, though; there were bound to be kids
there.  She knew her mother would never approve.  "Beer parties are
trouble" she'd say.  Chelsea didn't want to go there to drink; she
just wanted to meet some of the kids.

They'd probably be older than her, of course; she'd just turned
twelve a month before moving here, and would be starting seventh
grade.  Back home though, a lot of kids her age went to beer parties,
and she figured they probably did here, too, in Sticksville.

She looked at the fire a while longer, then decided to risk
sneaking out.  Her parents were asleep; if she was quiet, she might
make it.

First though, she had to get dressed.  She searched through her
drawers for a pair of shorts, but couldn't find any; she must have
worn them all.  She settle for an acid washed denim mini skirt,
definitely not woods wear, and a pink design t-shirt.  She stuffed her
feet into a pair of comfortable leather moccassins and stepped in
front of the mirror to look at herself.

She looked pretty typical for a twelve year old: tall for her
age, kind of thin, long legs.  Her body was still boyish, though she'd
developed a nice set of boobs and even had to wear a bra; her face was
pretty, lightly tanned from the sun, and her hair was a natural
strawberry red, thick and heavy where it fell to the middle of her
shoulder blades.

Deciding she looked okay, she crept quietly out of her room, then
downstairs and out of the house.  It was a full moon out; the road
wasn't far, and she headed for it, intending to walk that until she
caught sight of the fire.

A car passed; she cringed, imagining her parents seeing her, or
worse, some crazed sicko who'd snatch her up in a second, rape her,
and dump her in a ditch with her throat cut.  The car went up the road
a ways, then stopped, and she felt a moment of panic when it started
to back up.  Two figures stepped out and started toward her, then
jumped back in and the car took off in a squeal of tires.

Heart pounding, she stood there for a long time, trying to calm
down.  No more cars passed, and she began walking.  After a while she
heard the roar of loud music and shouts, and caught the glint of
chrome not far ahead.  Moving closer, she saw several cars and trucks,
and the fire.

The moment she walked into the party, there was silence; dozens
of faces stared up at her--there were a few girls among them, but
everyone was clearly older than she was.  Two beer kegs sat on one
edge of the fire, surrounded by blankets, a boom box, and dozens of
empty paper cups and beer cans.  Slowly she raised one hand and waved
with her fingers.  "Hi.  I'm Chelsea.  My family lives down the road",
she squeaked.

She knew this was a mistake.  "That's her", one boy whispered.
"The one we saw."

"Well, hello Chelsea", another said, getting up.  "I'm Doug."

A pair of hands pushed her from behind, propelling her into him.
He stumbled, then grabbed her arm.  He reeked of beer; several kids
giggled.  "My my, but aren't you cute", he slurred, then burped.

Chelsea grimaced.  "Maybe I better go."

"No, stay", Doug burped.  He wrapped his arm around her waist and
jerked her against him.  "We're gonna party."

"I'd--"  Chelsea's protest was cut off when he kissed her.  It
was not a soft kiss, or romantic; it was forced, his tongue shoving
into her mouth.  She managed to push away angrily.

"No!  I'm leaving."

"No you ain't", Doug burped.  Someone grabbed her from behind,
pinning her arms.  Chelsea screamed, and a hand clamped over her
mouth.

Doug stepped forward, sliding his hands up her thighs.  Chelsea
squirmed, but couldn't get away.  Doug lifted her skirt up, revealing
her pink bikini panties to everyone.  With a sharp tug that made her
wince, he yanked them off.

"Shaved", one of them said.

Chelsea began to whimper.  Dave was down on his knees, blowing
on her mound.  Then she felt his tongue against it, wet and rough.  He
stood up and smoothed the skirt down, grinning drunkenly.  "We're
gonna party, bitch", he slurred, "with you.  Mikey!  Al!  Get some
rope from the truck.  Tie her hands back.  She's gonna party."

Chelsea began to struggle now, but it was impossible to get away.
The hand came away from her mouth and she opened it to scream.  Doug
stuffed her torn panties in, silencing her.

Her hands were jerked behind her, bound tightly together with
rope.  A towel was tied over her mouth, then she was pushed down,
backwards, onto a nearby blanket.  Several of the girls moved to hold
her down.  "It ain't so bad", one told her.  "'Less your a virgin."

Doug was standing over her now.  He poured his beer all over her
chest, soaking her t-shirt.  He knelt down, grabbed the collar, and
tore it open.  Chelsea closed her eyes; she felt him tug her bra away
next, his hands probing at her erect pink nipples.

"Hey Doug, wait", one girl said.  "She's just a kid!"

"So?  So were you."  Chelsea felt him push her skirt up and
spread her legs.  She no longer tried to resist.  She was going to be
raped, probably gang raped.

"You're gonna hurt her, Doug.  She ain't even wet.  Let me suck
it, lube you up."

Chelsea looked up at the girl.  She was about eighteen, very
pretty.

"No", Doug said.  "Let her do it."

Before Chelsea knew what was happening, the towel was pulled down
and her panties were out.  She shook her head as Doug moved up,
pushing his cock against her lips.  "Do it or I'll fuck you dry", he
told her.

"Doug, come on.  She's just a little--"

"Shut up!", Doug snapped.  "She wanted to party, right?"

Doug kept pushing his cock against her lips.  "Open up!"

Chelsea opened her mouth.  Doug slid his cock in, working it in
and out.  It was thick and warm and soft, and Chelsea felt like
gagging.  Then he pulled it out and shoved the panties back in,
telling the girl to finish.  The towel was put back, and Doug knelt
between her legs.  She felt him lip her thighs again, then the head of
his cock was against her.  Chelsea braced herself.

Doug pushed.  Chelsea screamed into the panties and towel,
feeling something inside of her tear loose.  The pain was unbearable;
she wanted to black out, but couldn't.  Doug seemed to fill her,
pinning her down with the force of his cock.  She felt stretched, the
thickness of Doug's cock pushing deeper into her, touching her womb.
It hurt immensely, but she couldn't make him stop.

Doug pumped, his cock like a piston between her thighs.  She felt
a hand stroking her cheek, looked up to see the girl over her, trying
to smile.  Then Doug's pumping turned to slamming; Chelsea jerked and
screamed.  Suddenly he slowed, and she felt something warm fill inside
of her; she was afraid he might be pissing in her.  Then he was out,
and she relaxed.

Suddenly, another boy was in there; he was smaller than Doug, but
it still hurt.  Chelsea's head began to swim; she was passing out.

She awoke again some time later, to find still another boy there.
 He was coming in her now; he was very still, moaning.  She could feel
his cock pulse in her.  Then he pulled out, and nobody took his
place.

Chelsea suddenly realized why; while she lay unconscious, every
one of them had been in her.  She tried to close her legs, but her
thighs were too sore.  The girl who had tried to help her earlier
helped her up, then set her back down on the knees.  "Not bad, honey",
she told Chelsea.  "Twenty three guys.  Now you're gonna suck some of
them."

Powerless to resist, Chelsea just knelt there, sobbing, as they
took away the towel and the panties.  Then Doug was there, his cock in
her mouth.  It was still warm, and tasted of her own juices; she
nearly gagged.  He told her to suck, and she did.

Her mouth was sore, but someone, she managed to bring him to a
cum; his cock pulsed, and she choked on the thick, salty cum that shot
down her throat.  She swallowed all of it, gagging, then slid away
from him and curled up into a ball.  She was jerked back onto her
knees and made to suck two more cocks before Doug shoved her down and
raped her again.

Exhausted, she could do nothing but wait for him to come.  No
more did it after him; he got up, zipped up his pants, then she was
jerked to her feet.

She felt the point of a knife against her throat.  "You ever,
ever tell anyone we did this, and we'll kill you", Doug threatened.
"Understand?"

Chelsea nodded.  Doug lowered the knife, then used it to cut her
bonds.  Her hands were numb and swollen from being bound so tight.
She wished Doug would kill her; she felt so humiliated and degraded,
she wanted to die.

Someone yanked the remains of her t-shirt off and threw it into
the fire.  Someone else pulled her skirt off and tossed that in, too.
Left naked but for her moccassins, she could only sob.

The girl who had been nice and then mean to her slipped a blanket
around her and led her over to pickup.  She helped her in, then
started the engine.  "You'll be alright.  Doug isn't kidding, though.
He'll kill you if you tell."

"I won't", Chelsea whimpered.  And she never would, either.
