Bracelet
by deirdre

I've always been a good student, making just about straight A's.  I 
remained a virgin all the way through high school and my freshman 
year of college, but not because I'm not good looking--I've seen the 
way boys look at me.  It is really because I've always been a goody-
two-shoes, maybe because I concentrate so much on being a good 
student...or maybe it's the other way around.

Anyhow, my sophomore year I had an english professor, Ms Palmer, 
who I greatly admired.  I didn't have her as a freshman, but she spoke 
to us during freshman orientation and I liked her, and she had a 
reputation for being strict and challenging (though that is not the 
way a lot of students put it) and I hate being bored in class.  She is 
very attractive, taller than average, very slender, with dark hair, 
brown eyes, and smooth tan skin.  I found I wanted very much to be 
like her.

Well, you might think I immediately did well in her class, but as luck 
would have it, I didn't.  She gave us an assignment the very first day 
due the second meeting of class and told us she was very strict 
about expecting assignments when they are due.  As luck would have 
it, I had a lot of other work to do, then an emergency arose the 
evening before class and I ran out of time.  Me!  The person who is 
never late with assignments!

Well, I was nervous getting into class and I found out what a 
comfort it is when a lot of other students don't have the work done 
either.  However, Ms. Palmer grew angry and told us we were getting 
just one more chance to make up the work and do the next 
assignment.  I knew this was probably a technique of hers to help her 
class get off on the right foot, but it still made me very nervous and 
I wasn't used to being in such a position.

I fully expected to be caught up by the next class, but lightning 
struck twice, and once again I wasn't prepared!  When she collected 
the assignments, she made note of those who didn't turn any in and 
instructed us to see her after class.  It turned out to be just me and 
a guy named Jason.  I didn't really know Jason very well, but he was 
something of a rebellious smart aleck and I wouldn't have put it past 
him to have skipped the assignment on purpose just to see what 
would happen.  In any case, he was certainly more used to this 
situation than I was.  After class, Ms Palmer instructed us to go to 
her office to meet with her.  We walked over, not saying much to 
each other.  Jason looked like he hadn't a care in the world, and I felt 
like the world was crashing down on me.  We finally got there and 
stood around her door waiting for her.  Jason teased me a little, 
seeming to realize that I was never in this position.  Then he seemed 
to relent, perhaps noticing how nervous I was.

Finally Ms Palmer arrived and ushered us into her office.  We sat in 
front of her desk, which she sat behind, then proceeded to lecture us.  
She started telling us about extra work she expected us to do and 
what would happen if we were late on the next assignment, and 
again I wanted to die of embarrassment: this never happened to me!  
I usually did extra work on my own, and here Ms Palmer my idol, was 
assuming that I needed to be forced to do anything!  Jason seemed to 
be taking it in stride--in fact you couldn't tell if he was even paying 
any attention!  He was looking this way and that way around the 
office.  Finally he spoke up when Ms Palmer paused: "That's an 
interesting bracelet" he said pointing at a bracelet that was sitting 
on her bookshelf.  I thought Ms Palmer would explode at his obviously 
superfluous comment, but she sat there for a couple seconds with an 
unreadable expression on her face, then said "I suppose it is", then 
returned to telling us about the extra work she was going to expect.  
If anything, she seemed less mad--perhaps even a little nervous.  
Jason interrupted her saying "It's rather cold for a Wednesday in 
June".  This was really weird, being a Friday in September, and a 
warm one, but what happened to Ms Palmer was even more weird.  
She turned white as a sheet and said nothing.  She stared into space, 
but Jason seemed to be trying to get her to make eye contact with 
him.  "That was a long time ago" she said.  I found it all confusing.  
Jason looked at his watch--in fact, I think he pointedly continued to 
stare at it.  Ms Palmer started looking very nervous, then said "she 
has to leave".  I gathered she was talking about me!  Jason said 
nothing, but put his arm back down and looked at Ms Palmer who 
looked right back at him, but with a very different expression than 
she wore  earlier.  "Please?"  she said.  There was pleading in her 
voice.  "No" said Jason, and there was a steel in his voice I hadn't 
heard before, "She ought to stay".

Then Ms Palmer did something I never would have believed if I hadn't 
seen it.  She stood up and started taking her clothes off!  Suddenly I 
was very nervous, but I was also frozen in my chair--I couldn't 
believe this!  She quickly took off everything, and I could tell she 
was avoiding eye contact with me, then came around the desk, and 
lay over it facing away from us with her rear hanging off the edge 
and her legs hanging and her feet on the floor!  She supported herself 
a bit on her elbows and looked away from us.

I couldn't believe what was happening, and part of me wanted to 
flee, but I was fascinated too!  There was Ms Palmer's body spread 
out before me: slender, smooth, beautiful, and dare I say it, 
submissive and sensual.  Jason looked at me and there was laughter 
in his eyes, as if he were thinking "What do you think of your 
favorite teacher now?"  My eyes went wide when he unbuckled his 
belt.  But he didn't get undressed--he pulled the belt out of his 
jeans, and doubled it over, and I realized that he was going to whip 
Ms Palmer with it!  But he didn't, at least not right away.  He laughed 
an evil little giggle, then handed the belt to me.  I took it, and stared 
at it, and stared at Ms Palmer's ass.  "Put your head down" said 
Jason, and she folded her arms and put her head face down over them.  
I did nothing, but in my mind I was whipping Ms Palmer's rear.  
Somehow, it excited me, but it didn't make sense.  But on the 
outside, I still stood there staring as if I were hypnotized.  Jason 
said "Go ahead--I'll bet you had good reasons for not getting your 
work done and she deserves a little lesson."

I still stood there, frozen.  Finally, I squeaked out "Please let me go!"
Jason laughed again, took the belt back and waved his hand saying 
"Go ahead!  You're free to do as you please!"  I immediately darted for 
the door, slipped out and shut it again.  I stood in the hall nervously, 
looking back at the door.  Nothing happened.  Then I heard a "smack" 
followed by a short grunt, then more smacks, but with nothing but 
silence in between.  I wondered whether I should go back in.  And 
stop it?  And watch?  And do it?  Finally, I left as quickly as I could, 
went back to my dorm and locked the door.  I lay on my bed and 
rubbed my cunt and masturbated.

After that, Ms Palmer never called Jason or me out for anything.  She 
went over to Jason's apartment frequently.  Jason told me that I 
ought to come over and visit when Ms Palmer was there.  He even 
offered to come by and get me, just to encourage me to come.  He 
also told me a phrase that he said would make Ms Palmer do anything 
I told her to do.  It made me feel funny around her, especially if we 
were alone.  Jason also told me he told Ms Palmer that I knew a 
"password" that she had to obey.  I noticed her looking at me both 
nervously and expectantly sometimes, but I never tried anything.  
However, I masturbated a lot that year, always with the memory of 
Ms Palmer's nude form in my mind's eye.
