[note again: this is VERY tasteless.  read at your own risk.]
 
   It was a warm, sunny day.  A typical day at the Brady household.  The
suburban neighborhood was alive with the sounds of children playing
touch football in the street, dogs barking, and cars cruising.
Yes, life was beautiful that day----just as life is ALWAYS beautiful
at the Brady's.
   Marsha had just gotten home from high school with Greg and Peter.  Jan
and Cindy had come home in Mom's car.  But, just like it does every
weekend, the Brady household was cumming alive.
   Yes.  Mom and Dad had gone out to a dinner engagement with some of Mike's
clients.  They werent going to be home till about 12 that night.  Plenty
of time to PLAY!
   Greg already had the speed out, and was laying a couple of lines for him
and Peter.  Just then, Marsha came into the room.
   "Gee, Greg, that speed of yours sure is groovy!  Think I can have some?"
Greg decided that a little speed was what the entire Brady household
needed that night.
   "Everyone up to MY room!  Time to start the evening!"
Everybody ran up the stairs to Greg's room, even Alice and Tiger.  They
all KNEW what Friday night meant up in Greg's room.  Not only speed and
dope, but if they were lucky, maybe a bit of a "family affair" might start
up, like it did LAST Friday.  That would be great!  Groovy!
 
   Once everybody had sniffed a bit of Greg's magic powder, Peter asked the
group if it wanted to play "GQ Model", like they did last Friday.
YAAAAAAY!, said Cindy.  She loved this game.  So did Bobby!  Oh yeah...
Bobby LOVED GQ Model!  Because it was always Bobby that got to pose for
the group.
   The rest of the family never told Bobby (cause they figured he'd be upset)
that the pictures of him were sent to that strange man down the street to
be used for some magazine that none of them had ever heard of.  Yes....
In fact, Peter once said that he SAW some of the Bobby pictures a couple
of weeks after playing GQ Model.  Peter was in a drugstore, and he saw
the picture that HE took of Bobby outside on the jungle jim.  It was the
picture where you could see Greg's hands doing something to Bobby's privates.
It was making Bobby hard for the camera.
   Anyway, everybody at this point was shaking and sweating profusely cause
of Greg's great speed.  Alice was already pulling out her vibrator, and
nervously fingering the switch.  Everytime she made it go WRRRRRRRR, Tiger
would start to wag his tail.  Tiger KNEW what Alice's "Love Gun" could
do to a feisty beat up mutt.
   Marsha walked over to Bobby and d shirt."No!", cried Bobby unbutton my shirt,
 and I want Peter to pull my pants down, like last week!"
want Peter to pull my pants down, like last week!"
Ok.  Bobby got his way.  Like he always did.  They knew that if they let
Bobby call some of the shots early in the GQ game, Bobby would owe each
of them a few favors.  Heh heh heh.
When Peter had finally taken Bobby's underwear off, the group was already
visibly getting excited.  "Gosh, if only Mom and Dad could be here, like
they were last Friday..."  Bobby always wished that his Mom and Dad could
take part in the family fun each week, but sometimes they just HAD to miss
it (even though it hurt them so).
Greg got out his two pairs of handcuffs.  He gave one pair to Jan and the
other pair to Cindy.  He told both of them to take ALL their clothes off
first, and then to cuff Bobby to the desk.  Tiger, meanwhile was jumping
up and down----he knew what was NEXT!
"OK, TIGER!  Show Bobby how much you love him!"
Tiger ran over to bondage Bobby, and gave him a tongue bath, paying special
attention to those VERY special little boy areas.  Yes.  Tiger knew how
Bobby liked it.  All this experience hadn't gone to waste on this dumb
canine.
Alice, meanwhile, had gone into the Brady's bathroom to get Mrs. Brady's
special jar of mentholatum cold cream.  
And she wasnt going to fix her makeup!  No.....Alice was going to give
Marsha that VERY special treatment that Marsha always begged for.
You see, Marsha loved to look at all her brothers naked, while she had
the live-in maid grease her up for some serious anal sex.  Yes, and
Greg ALWAYS loved to join in.
While the flashbulbs were popping in Greg's room, and Bobby's giggling
could be heard across the hall, Greg took Marsha to their parent's 
bedroom.  They knew that it was ok to screw in Mom and Dad's room,
because Carol and Mike ALWAYS commented on the wonderful smell the
room had after such encounters.  They knew perfectly well that it was
their own daughter's rectum they were smelling----but what the hell,
if it turns you on, right?
Greg pounced on Marsha and started grabbing her pubic hair.  He pulled
it out in tufts, while groaning in her ear like a mule.
"The SONG!  THE SONG"  Marsha demanded.  She always LOVED it when Greg
sodomized her while singing "the song".
"OK, Marsha, you got it."
"I-N-C...
 E-S-T...
That's what sister means to me."
Greg continued to sing this silly nurseryrhime as he vigorously screwed
his sister.  Yes.  Greg had always lusted after Marsha!  Ever since the
whole family went mule packing the Grand Canyon, and Greg rode right
behind Marsha and her creamy pre-pubescent little butt, Greg just
couldnt get her out of his mind.  That is----when he wasnt thinking
about Peter.
 
When Marsha and Greg were done, they went back into Greg's room to see
how the GQ Model game was progressing.
"Sorry Bobby, we ran out of film...", Peter explained to the obviously
dejected Bobby.
Maybe next week, we can take MOVIES of you with Dad's camera, instead.
Bobby seemed somewhat comforted by this consolation.
 
Alice jumped up in front of the group!  "OK! Now its time for my favorite
game!  NAKED TWISTER!"
YAAAAAAAAAY!  Everyone was excited.  They all loved it when Alice would
whip out her Twister game.  
Cindy was first.  Spreading far, she put her right foot on the blue dot,
and her left hand on the red dot.  Everyone jumped in immediately when
they saw the awesome sight of a juicy, fresh 7 year old girl spreading
for the family.  "Me NEXT!", demanded Jan.  She nestled in REAL close
to Cindy's smooth warm flesh.  Peter was next, his obvious erection
rubbing up and down in Cindy's face.  Cindy eagerly gobbled it up.  But
Peter pulled his cock out soon, cause Cindy was just TERRIBLE at giving
head.  They had tried many times out back in Tiger's doghouse, but
she just couldnt seem to keep her teeth out of the way.  "Forget it
Cindy, you stink at dicksuck!"  "Sorry..."
"I want Bobby to suck MY weenie!  Bobby will suck anything!  He likes it,
hey Bobby!!!!!!!"
Yes, Bobby really enjoyed Peter's weenie in his mouth.  Now the entire
group of Brady children was piled in one naked heap on Alice's Twister
game.  Alice ran into Mike's study to get Mike's VCR.
"Mr. and Mrs. Brady SURE wouldnt want to miss THIS!!!" Alice exclaimed!
No, Mr. and Mrs. Brady DIDNT want to miss this.  They had been trying to
get all the kids together on the Twister game for WEEKS!  But since,
Jan had had the clap last week and the week before, they couldnt do it.
 
"Give Tiger your Love Gun, Alice!  Come on!  PLEASE???!", the kids cried.
Ok.  Tiger always loves it at high speed.
"Can I help???", asked Greg.  Greg really liked to help insert the plastic
toy while beating off.  It really gave him a thrill.
Sure, Greg, no problem.
WRRRRRRRRRRRRRR, went the Love Gun, and Greg started to furiously beat
off while staring intently into Tiger's love-filled eyes.  The dog
shot its load easily, like it always does.  "Gosh golly, Tiger, cant
you EVER hold out??", cried Cindy.  She always wished that Tiger
 
had a little more staying power than he did.  I guess thats because of
all the times that Tiger had shot his load early while with Cindy.  You
know how unsatifying that can be.
"Stop whining, Cindy." begged Peter.  "I hate it when you whine about
Tiger being a little fast on the trigger."  "You know that he is sensi-_
tive about that!"
"Sorry..." mumbled Cindy.
"Just for that you little bitch, its time to bring YOU to the playhouse!!!"
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!  cried Cindy in desperation.
Yes.  It was time for Cindy to learn what penetration is all about.  Time
for Cindy to become a "real" woman.  Hmmmmmmmmmm.
Peter and Greg handcuffed the little girl to the rafters of the playhouse,
suspending her above the floor.
"OWWWWWW!", cried cindy, in obvious pain.
You think THIS hurts you little bitch, wait until GREG whips out BIG EDDIE!
Alice HAD to leave at this point.  She always DID love watching Cindy have
sex, but when it came to BIG EDDIE.....
Well, Alice had ALREADY seen Greg's throbbing member at work on Bobby, she
realized that she really didnt need to watch it at work  on Cindy too.
Greg greased up his cock, stroking the HUGE length back and forth.  Cum
was already oozing from its tip.  He placed it against Cindy's pussy,
and SHOVED it in HARD!  No mercy from this big brother.
Peter, meanwhile had greased up his dick with Crisco and had placed it on
Cindy's tight little rosebud butthole.  OUCH!  Yeah, you know it....
This was DEFINITELY going to hurt this little 7 yr old.
But what the hell.
THRUUUUUUUUUUUUUSSSSSSSSSSSSST!
Cindy screamed LOUDLY!
Up in the house, Marsha and Jan were busy eating one another out, when
they heard their little sister scream in pain.  Immediately on hearing
this, Marsha ripped her face from Jan's bush and began to shudder wildly.
Jan had NEVER seen her sister EVER have such a quaking orgasm!!!!!!1
She bucked wildly, licking Jan's pussy juice from her chin, fingering
her clit, and she fell in a naked heap to the floor.  
"Gosh, Marsha, was that all just because my cunt tastes so good??"
"No way, Jan.  I just thought it was SO GROOVY to hear Cindy scream in
pain, I just COULDNT help but explode!"
"I understand...."
 
Well, this is a long story, that could never be told in one night.
But be sure to stay tuned to find out about what Mike and Carol did
upon returning to the Brady household!  What did Mom and Dad do,
when Peter had to tell them that he had ruptured poor little Cindy's
rectum...  What did Alice say when she found out that it was little 
BOBBY who was stealing all of her crotchless underwear.
Find out.

don`t say i didn`t warn you it was sick.

ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ

         E  X  T  R  E  M  E
      ------------+------------      ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                 /|\                  ³                                 ³
                / | \                 ³   Portland Metro All Text BBS   ³
               /  |  \                ³                                 ³
              /   |   \               ³        9600: 503-775-0374       ³
             /    |    \              ³         SysOp: Thing One        ³
            /     |     \             ³                                 ³
           /      |      \           ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
            d r e a m e s

