Archive-name: Family/bradybun.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Erotic Adventures of the Brady Bunch, The


	She moaned as his cock slid home. Thick and long, she had been
dreaming about his hardon for weeks. When she left for college she
hadn't known that Greg was bigger than most guys, but, based on the
guys she'd tried at school, and the girls she'd talked to, he was.
She could feel herself unwinding with each stroke. She really needed
this boning. She matched his rhythm, pushing her hips up to meet his
downstrokes. Her legs wrapped around him, her muscles flexing in time
with his fucking, helping him drive it deep. She came hard, her cunt
spasming around his rod, her body surging up against his.
	Greg was looking into her eyes when she came. She always
opened her eyes at that moment. Her lust pushed him to the edge. He
thrust into her several more times, then pushed in deep, cuming hard
into Marcia's tight, hot pussy. He'd had other girls, but there was
something special about Marcia. Tight, hot and gorgeous, he always
came harder and longer when he fucked her.  And she enjoyed it as much
as he did. She really liked fucking and sucking his big, stiff prick.

	He pulled out of her and rolled off, his still erect cock
slapping his stomach when he landed on his back.  Marcia snuggled up
against him, warm and happy.  She reached for his cock, just holding
it, stroking it slowly to keep it hard while they caught their breath.
That was another great thing about Greg that she hadn't appreciated
before. He never went soft right away, and never dropped off to sleep
right after. He was always good for a second ride. 
	She stroked his cock, squeezing on the upstroke. She could see
the big purple head swell, she could feel the shaft throb
occasionally. She slid toward his waist, put her left arm across his
body, rested against his firm, flat stomach. His cock was only inches
from her mouth. Her right hand wrapped around the base, gently
squeezing. Her fingers massaged the area below his balls, causing his
rod to swell even more, forcing a large drop of clear liquid out of
his cockhole. Her tongue darted out, licking him clean. She loved the
way he tasted. She opened her mouth wide and took him in. Her tongue
played along the sensitive underside, her cheeks caved in around the
head as she sucked. Several inches of shaft slid into her mouth as she
sucked, but most of his tool remained on the outside. She had never
been able to get much of his monster into her mouth, but she always
tried. She began fisting his shaft, sucking on the upstroke, releasing
on the down. When his hips began to buck beneath her she knew he was
getting close. She began pumping him faster, sucking harder, literally
jacking him off into her mouth. When she felt him swell she stroked
him hard and fast, then just sucked as the hot cum shot out of his
prick and into the back of her throat. She sucked and swallowed,
drinking his jiz, wanting every drop. When he had finished she removed
him from her mouth, then gently licked his shaft and head, making sure
he was clean. This time Greg softened, but didn't go completely limp.
He was enlarged, but not fully erect. 
	Marcia turned toward him, moved one leg across his chest so
that she straddled him, and moved her steaming snatch toward his
waiting mouth. Greg's strong hands gripped her ass cheeks, pulling her
towards him. His tongue pushed her cunt lips apart. She could feel him
licking and sucking, feel his fingers and tongue probing her. Marcia
stroked her small, firm tits, pinching the nipples, pulling on them.
Her pussy throbbing, she pulled Greg's head tighter against her cunt.
She knew she was losing control. His tongue flicked across her clit,
triggering her orgasm, starting the avalanche that left her breathless
and trembling. 
	
		Bobby and Cindy were 14. While both had masturbated,
neither was really sure what sex was all about. That's why they were
hiding in the closet in Marcia's room. They had watched everything
Greg and Marcia had done, and were more than ready to give it a try.
Bobby's almost hairless cock had gotten hard before Greg had even
mounted Marcia, and it was still hard. Cindy's virgin pussy was so wet
her panties were soaked. As soon as Marcia and Greg were gone, they
rushed out of the closet and fell onto the bed. They had stripped
while they watched, but were too afraid of making noise to do
anything. 
	Bobby pulled Cindy close, kissed her eyes and mouth the way
he'd seen Greg kiss Marcia. He moved down to Cindy's tiny, barely
bulging titties and began to lick and suck the nipples. They hardened
even more, which surprised him. He hadn't known that would happen. 
	Cindy held Bobby's cock gently. It was her first, and she
wasn't sure it wouldn't break. Bobby covered her hand with his and
squeezed, then stroked his shaft, showing her how to jack his dick.
She stroked it a few times on her own, liking the way it felt in her
hand. 
	They skipped the rest of the foreplay they had seen. Both were
eager to fuck. But Cindy was a virgin, and they both knew a girls
first fuck could be painful. Cindy liked Bobby, trusted him, wanted
him to be her first. She lay on her back, her face framed by blond
curls, her lightly haired snatch a slightly darker blonde. She
spread her legs wide, fingered herself for a moment, letting Bobby
look at her pussy. Bobby stretched out above her, his knees between
her legs, his arms supporting his weight, his young, hard cock
touching her belly. Cindy took hold of his tool, guided it to her
cunt, helped him enter her. He entered slowly, stopping when Cindy
flinched. He started to backup, not wanting to hurt her. She grabbed
his ass with both hands, pulled him hard towards herself, felt a
tearing pain in her cunt. She buried her face in his shoulder,
stifling a scream.  She told him not to move, told him that she had
been told the pain would go away in a few minutes. 
	Bobby lay quietly on top of her, not moving, feeling a pussy
wrapped around his dick for the first time. It was so much better than
his hand. He remained still, looking into Cindy's face, waiting. On
impulse he kissed her again, pushing his tongue into her mouth.  After
a moment she responded, kissing back, tongue sliding over tongue.
Cindy broke the kiss, began pushing her hips up against him, telling
him it was ok. He began slowly, thinking that the pain might come
back, and not wanting his cock to slip out. He pulled back slowly,
thrust in slowly, watching her face all the time. She smiled when he
was all the way inside, which Bobby took to mean he could fuck her the
way Greg had fucked Marcia. Gradually he began to move faster, pumping
his cock into her tight young pussy. She matched his rhythm, thrusting
her hips in time with his thrusts. 
	Cindy was going crazy. Her body had never felt like this
before. Her nipples were on fire, her cunt muscles were rippling
around the shaft inside it. She felt her whole body clench, felt
herself thrust upward. She felt the spasms begin in her pussy, felt it
tighten and relax around Bobby's prick. She fell into her orgasm,
moaning and pounding her fists into Bobby's back, finally pulling him
in as deep as possible, holding him there until she finished. 
	Bobby began pounding hard now, his hips pistoning into the
pussy beneath him. He could feel his cock swelling even more, feel it
throbbing until finally he began to cum, pouring shot after shot into
Cindy's tightness. Pumping hard, he pushed in ball deep and stayed
there until his cock had emptied. 
	They lay side by side, whispering together about the things
each had felt.  As they talked, Bobby got hard again. Time for round
two. They had seen Marcia blow Greg, so they assumed the same
positions, Cindy lying across Bobby. 
	Bobby could feel her holding his cock, watched as the back of
her head moved toward it. He felt something warm and wet touch the
head, knew she was licking him. Her lips closed around the head,
engulfing him in warmth. He could feel her tongue against his cock,
feel the inside of her cheeks as she sucked.
	Cindy held it in her mouth. Her tongue explored it, tasting
him, but she knew she was tasting herself, too. His cum and her pussy
juice were still on his cock. She thought it tasted a little funny at
first, but the more she licked, the more she liked. She began sucking
in earnest, wanting more dick juice.  As she sucked, she realized much
more of Bobby's rod was sliding in and out of her mouth than Marcia
had managed with Greg. In fact, a couple of times she was sure she had
felt his balls banging her chin. The thought of being better at this
than Marcia excited her, drove her try even harder. She started
sucking harder, pulling most of it into her mouth every time. She
discovered that if she held her head just right, she could take him
into the back of her throat and hold him there, his entire cock in her
mouth. She practised this, noticing the effect it had on Bobby, who
was trying very hard to fuck her mouth. His hips kept thrusting upward
whenever she sucked. She began sucking harder, pulling his cock in
faster, then squeezing it with her lips on its way out. She was
jacking him off with her mouth, in and out, fast and hard. She felt
him tense beneath her, felt the cock in her mouth swell, and then he
began to cum. It was hot in her mouth, with a tangy sort of taste and
a creamy texture. She liked it hot. She swallowed and sucked, trying
to get it all. When Bobby was done she released his cock, licking the
shaft , cleaning it the way she had seen Marcia do it. 
	They both heard the car pull in, which meant Marcia and Greg
were back. They dressed quickly, then went out in the back yard. 
	
	Jan and Peter were in the basement, fucking their little
brains out. Peter's manic thrusting had already gotten Jan off several
times, and was well on the way to getting her off again. This time Jan
was on her hands and knees, her big boobs swinging as Peter slammed in
and out of her juicy snatch. She loved doing the doggie, she always
got off real good this way. Peter took long, hard strokes, pulling all
the way back and slamming in, which was exactly the way Jan wanted it.
He liked power fucking, and Jan liked being fucked that way. When her
back arched Peter knew she was about to cum, so he drove it in as hard
as he could and held it there, letting her spasm around his pole,
feeling her cunt tighten and relax around him. When she finished he
pulled out, still hard. She knew he would. The only time Peter would
doggie fuck was when he got to plow her butt. 
	His cock slick with pussy juice, he immediatly began easing it
into her ass, pushing just hard enough to pop the head past her
sphincter. He waited until he felt her relax, then pushed again,
slipping almost half his shaft inside her. While he waited for her to
relax again, he leaned forward, cupping her tits in his hands, mashing
them up against her chest. He pinched a nipple, then lifted it toward
her mouth, knowing she'd take it, knowing she liked sucking her own
tits. As she mouthed her nipple he felt her relax, so he grabbed her
hips and pulled her back, hard, while thrusting with his cock. He sank
into her ass, all the way, his balls banging her cunt. He began
fucking her butt, slowly, feeling it clamp down on him every time he
moved inside her.  Slowly and steadily, in and out, going ball deep
with every stroke, he began building to his own orgasm. As it
approached he began moving faster, his thrusts becoming almost manic.
He shot deep in her ass, pulling her against him, holding her there
while he emptied his balls.  
	At dinner that evening they were all relaxed and cheerful,
talking about the days events. Greg commented on how nice it was to
have Marcia home from school for a couple weeks, Jan and Peter talked
about cleaning up the basement, and Bobby and Cindy giggled alot. All
in all, a typical family dinner. 
	Several hours later Jan and Peter decided to sneak off to the
basement again, for one last bang before bed. They reached the
basement stairs unseen, and started down. Just as they reached the
bottom step, Jan heard a sound. She thought it sounded like a moan,
but wasn't sure. Peter went to investigate, taking a ball bat just in
case. As he got closer to the boxes from behind which the sounds came,
he began to grin. He knew the sounds of a blow job when he heard them.
He signalled to Jan, telling her to come over, but quietly. Together
they climbed up on a couple of the boxes, so they could look over the
stack at the activity on the other side. They saw Cindy sucking off
Bobby, deep throating him. As they watched, Bobby grabbed Cindy's
head, thrust into her mouth, and began spurting. Cindy swallowed shot
after shot, smiling and sucking at the same time.
 	Before Cindy had the cock out of her mouth, Peter jumped down
beside them. Laughing, he slapped Bobby on the back, then tousled
Cindy's hair. Jan joined them, lifting Cindy to her feet and giving
her a big hug, then pulling Bobby close and hugging him. Suddenly
realizing that Jan and Peter had come down to the basement for the
same reason they had, Bobby and Cindy relaxed. They weren't in
trouble.  With a big grin on his face, Peter asked the other three if
the had ever heard of a daisy chain. They hadn't, so Peter went to a
box hidden back in a corner and took out some porn magazines, one of
which dealt with group sex. They looked at the pictures of fucking and
sucking, then at each other. Without a word, Jan and Peter stripped,
Peter's cock already hard and throbbing. Copying the positions they
had seen in the magazine, the four formed a slightly squared circle,
lying partially on their sides.  Peter spread Cindy's pussy, licking
her slit, then probing with his tongue.  Cindy sucked the head of
Bobby's cock, taking a couple of inches of shaft into her mouth.She
looked along Bobby's body to his face, which was covered by Jan's ass
and pussy. She could see his tongue licking and thrusting, could feel
the same thing being done to her own cunt. It was a strange sensation,
being eaten while watching a pussy being eaten. She sucked harder on
the cock in her mouth. Jan had her mouth full of Peter's prick, trying
to do what she had seen Cindy do, trying to deep throat a cock. It was
difficult concentrating with Bobby tongueing her snatch, setting her
on fire. The girls came at almost the same time, their bodys tensing,
their thighs clenching around the heads between them. Peter pulled his
rod from Jan's mouth, then stood up. He wanted Cindy, wanted to feel
his pole in that tight pussy he had been eating. Bobby didn't mind,
all he could think about were Jan's big tits, and the picture they had
seen of a man fucking a pair of big boobs. 
	Cindy lay on her back, legs spread wide. She watched Peter's
cock as he prepared to mount her. It was a good deal bigger than
Bobby's, both thicker and longer. Although she was juicy, Peter oiled
his cock, knowing she had only had Bobby's. He stretched out above
her, waiting for her to guide him in. She reached for him, her hand
sliding along the shaft, rolling his balls around, then returning to
the head, which she positioned at her slit. Peter pushed in, slowly
but firmly, until his entire cock was inside her. He couldn't believe
how tight she was, how hot she was. After a moment he began pumping,
steadily and slowly, trying to make this fuck last.  
	Jan was also on her back, but Bobby was sitting astride her
stomach, squeezing her tits together, his hips pumping frantically.
Jan had her mouth open, licking the cockhead any time it was close
enough. As Peter watched, Bobby jerked, then began shooting on Jan's
tits. It was amazing how much cum he had, considering he had already
been sucked off once. Jan rubbed the cum into her tits, then pulled
one to her mouth and began to clean it. She reached up and pulled
Bobby down, kissing him, letting him taste himself on her lips. To her
surprise, Bobby liked the taste, immediately licking her other tit
clean himself. 
	Cindy's eyes were open wide, her body screaming with lust.
Peter's cock was reaching untouched spots within her, driving her over
the edge. The tightness of Cindy's cunt pulled Peter closer, driving
him toward his orgasm. They crested at almost the same time, Peter
thrusting hard, Cindy clinging to him. Their mingled moans were loud
in the quiet basement. They clung to each other, gasping for breath
from the intensity of their mutual oragsms. Finally they separated,
momentarily spent. 
	The four of them lay together, relaxing, talking about the
sex, kissing and holding each other. Being young, it wasn't long
before they were ready to go again. Surprisingly, it was Bobby who was
hard first. Jan showed him some of the pictures in the magazines, of
men mounting women from behind, and told him she loved doing it that
way. She rolled to her stomach, then got to her hands and knees,
pushing her soft, full butt into Bobby.  Moving against her, Bobby
quickly entered , sliding all the way in. Matching the slow, steady
rhythm with which Jan was pushing back against him, Bobby began
fucking. He was determined that she would cum before he would. Peter
grew hard as he watched them fuck. Seeing this, Cindy lay her head in
his lap, his cock standing up between her chin and throat. She began
nuzzling it, playing with it with her lips and tongue. Peter sighed,
reached for her pussy and began playing with it, inserting one finger,
then a second.  Cindy kissed his cockhead, then slowly began
swallowing him. It was a tight fit, but she managed it, deep throating
his now fully erect dick. Quite a talented little girl. This talent
gave Peter an idea. He extracted himself from her mouth, grabbed a
couple of boxes, and fixed a place for Cindy to lay, on her back, head
hanging off the boxes. Some guy had face fucked Vanessa Del Rio this
way in a movie had seen. 
	Her head hanging, mouth open, throat relaxed, Cindy waited for
Peter's cock. When the head was inside her mouth she closed her lips
and began to suck, pulling him inside even further. With her eyes open
she could see his cock slowly disappearing, and of course she could
feel it in her mouth. 
	Peter continued to push slowly, unable to believe someone as
small as Cindy could truly swallow his entire cock. 
	When his balls hit her nose, Cindy knew she had done it. She
exhaled through her nose, blowing across his balls,causing him to
shudder. She could see his asshole, could see the big muscles in his
ass clench. He pulled out, then pushed in again, a little faster than
before. Cindy relaxed, breathing in when he withdrew, exhaling on his
balls and asshole. 
	Peter was ecstatic. Never in his short life had he felt
anything like this. He began thrusting faster, pumping in and out of
her face. Her hands began massaging his ass, making small circles on
his butt cheeks. Then her hands went to her pussy, spread her lips,
began slipping inside. She finger fucked her pussy while Peter fucked
her mouth.Her fingers moved faster, her breath shortened, her body
strained upward when her orgasm hit, pushing him over the edge. He
pulled out of her, pointed his cock at her firm, tiny boobs, and
exploded shot after shot across her chest and stomach.
	As her own orgasm subsided she felt Peter pull out of her,
then felt hot cum splattering across her body. She opened her eyes,
watched as his cock finished spurting, then pulled it back to her
mouth, where she licked it clean. Jan and Bobby had already finished,
and now Jan joined Cindy, licking Peter's shaft, then kissing Cindy,
tasting the cum in her mouth. Jan broke the kiss, began licking cum
off Cindy's chin and throat, working down to her tits. She cleaned one
nipple, then the other, taking her time.

	Realizing that the four of them had been down there quite a
while, and being pretty well satiated, they dressed and went back
upstairs. They split up, the girls going to the upstairs bathroom to
clean up, the guys using the one on the ground floor.
	As they showered, Jan and Cindy talked. Jan mentioned that
Peter had the biggest cock she had seen, which was one of the reasons
she liked fucking him. Cindy was quiet a moment, then admitted that
Peter was the biggest she'd had inside her, but that she had seen a
larger one, Greg's. Then she told Jan about hiding in the closet with
Bobby, watching Marcia and Greg fuck.  Their shower finished, the
girls went downstairs, where they joined the others in the TV room.
When Peter went to the kitchen to make popcorn, Jan followed. She told
him what Cindy had told her about Marcia and Greg. They agreed they
would try to find a way to involve all six of them in some hot and
heavy action.  
	Early the next morning, after Mom and Dad had left for work,
Greg and Marcia were having breakfast. Nobodyelse was awake yet, so
they had the whole ground floor to themselves. Marcia was wearing a
thin robe, and when she stepped between Greg and the light it became
obvious she wasn't wearing anything else. She went to the
refrigerator, bending slightly to look for something. Greg came up
behind her, lifted the hem of her robe, pulled her back against him.
Reaching around her, he pulled her robe open, thrust his hands inside
and covered her tits, her nipples between two of his fingers. He
squeezed the nipples, pinching them, rubbing the tips when they
hardened. 
	Marcia could feel his cock against her ass, gradually
hardening and lengthening. She reached behind herself, groping him
through his thin pajamas, then reaching through the pajama fly and
fondling his balls. She released him, then turned around and kissed
him, thrusting her tongue into his mouth. 
	Greg returned her kiss, then peeled her robe off. He lifted
her in his arms, lifted her high enough to kiss her titties, then suck
on them. Without another word he took her to the kitchen table, turned
her away from him and bent her over the table. He put his cock against
her pussy lips, spread them slightly with his fingers, then plunged in
completely, spearing her with his massive tool. He heard her grunt,
then moan. He began pumping, pulling back slowly, then slamming
forward as hard as he could. She would grunt every time he thrust, and
moan every time he withdrew. He was deep in her pussy, just short of
cumming, when the kitchen door opened and Peter walked in. They froze,
not knowing what to do. Peter was startled, but recovered quickly. He
walked to the refrigerator, poured himself a glass of juice, and then
went to the table and sat down. He smiled at Greg and Marcia, then
told them he liked to watch. Marcia giggled, then wiggled her ass at
Greg, who was still inside, but no longer fully erect. She rippled the
muscles in her pussy, helping Greg regain his erection. When he was
hard he began fucking her again, stroking long and deep, again drawing
grunts from Marcia. Peter watched for a few minutes, drinking his oj,
then reached into his shorts and pulled out his cock. He pushed back
from the table, far enough that Marcia could see him, and started
fisting his cock, stroking and squeezing. He knew that if he could get
involved in the fuck happening in front of him, getting a group thing
going with all six of them would be easy. He stared at Marcia's closed
eyes, hoping she would open them. When she did, finally, he grinned at
her, then stroked his cock, hard , pointing it at her face. She
answered his grin with one of her own, then nodded her head. Peter was
out of his chair like a shot, and up on the table. He slid toward
Marcia, his cock pointing at the ceiling. Marcia raised up on her
elbows, lifting her face high enough for Peter to rest his prick
against her mouth. At first she just lipped it, giving it quick little
kisses, moving up and down the shaft. Then she took the head in her
mouth, her tongue massaging it. She sucked on the head, then slid down
the shaft, taking most of him into her mouth. Her head bobbed up and
down on his rod, in time with Gregs cock thrusting in and out of her
pussy. 
	Marcia came first, pulling off Peter's cock, moaning and
writhing on the kitchen table. When she finished Greg pulled out of
her, picked her up, and carried her to the couch in the frontroom,
Peter following along behind, cock bouncing up and down with every
step.
	Marcia told Greg to lay on the couch, then climbed on top of
him. With one hand she held his cock, with the other she spread her
pussy lips. She lowered herself onto his tool, slowly, savoring the
feel of it going in, enjoying the power she felt being in control of
the fuck. When she was all the way down, nothing but Gregs balls
showing, she looked at Peter, then at her ass, then back at Peter to
see if he got the message. He did. He made a mad dash for the kitchen,
poured some oil on his hands and cock, then hurried back to the couch.
Marcia was in mid-ride, her ass pistoning up and down, Gregs huge cock
appearing and disappearing. Peter climbed onto the couch, took hold of
Marcia's hips, and pushed against her asshole. He pushed hard, the oil
on his cock lubricating her butt. Her hole relaxed suddenly, allowing
him to slip inside. About two thirds of his shaft went in on that
first plunge. He was surprised when she didn't tense up. He always had
to wait for Jan to get used to him being in her ass. He pushed again,
slipping the rest of the way in, his balls touching Gregs, who was
completely inside Marcia's pussy. Greg lifted Marcia slightly, enough
so that he could slide out, then ram back in. He started fucking,
long, hard strokes, the kind that drove Marcia crazy. Peter could feel
him doing it, feel it in his own cock every time Greg thrust. Peter
began his ass fuck, imitating Greg, pulling almost out and then
thrusting back in all at once. Marcia was moaning, writhing madly
between the boys, driven almost crazy with lust. Peter felt her orgasm
begin, felt her ass squeeze tight as her pussy spasmed around Greg's
cock. Buried deep in her ass, he felt Greg thrust in hard, felt him
swell, felt his cock jerking and shooting inside her, so close to his
own. He thrust a couple more times, then started shooting himself. He
pumped shot after shot into her ass, feeling completely drained when
he was done.
	Marcia went upstairs to shower, leaving Greg and Peter to
clean up downstairs. They walked back to the kitchen, stood by the
sink and soaped up their dicks, washing them clean. Peter figured this
was as good a time as any to tell Greg about the others. The results
were everything he had hoped for. When he talked about Cindy's
cocksucking talents Greg's meat began to swell. 
	Greg was surprised at himself. He'd cum twice in the last
hour, and now hearing about 14 year old Cindy sucking cock was giving
him another erection. Hell of a way to start a day. Greg hung his rod
in the sink, grabbed the rinser, and sprayed warm water across his
cock, balls, and stomach, rinsing off the soap. Just as he finished
Jan and Cindy walked in.
	Both girls stopped dead in their tracks. Of all the things
they might have expected first thing in the morning, Peter and Greg
standing naked in the kitchen with semi-erect cocks was way down the
list. Jan reacted first. Her hands went to her breasts, began
massaging them through the mens shirt she wore to bed. Cindy licked
her lips, pushed one hand through the fly of the boys pajamas she
still wore every night. She rubbed her pussy, one finger slipping
between the lips, spreading them. 
	By now the boys were fully erect. Without a word they went to
the girls. Greg stopped in front of Jan, pulled her to him, and kissed
her long and hard. His hands went to her ass, which he massaged while
his tongue probed her mouth. When the kiss was finished he backed off
a step, pulled her shirt over her head and tossed it aside. Her tits
were magnificent. Full and round, they jutted out from her ribs with
almost no sag. Greg moved close, lifted her in his arms, and carried
her to the table, the same table he had fucked Marcia on less than an
hour ago. He sat her on the table, pulled up a chair, and started
licking and sucking her boobs. Breakfast was finally ready. 
	Peter had pulled Cindy to the floor, stripped off her shirt,
and was sucking her hard little nipples. He had one hand inside her
pajama bottoms, frigging her cunt, making sure she was wet enough to
fuck. He mounted her there, not even removing the pajamas, fucking her
through the same hole she had used to rub herself. 
	Greg had moved down to Jan's pussy. His mouth was pushed tight
against her, his tongue going in and out, his hands squeezing her ass.
He pulled away, stood up, pushed her down on her back and spread her
legs. 
	Jan watched as Greg moved up between her thighs. She had never
even seen anything as big, much less had it inside her. His strong
hands gripped her ankles, raising her feet to his shoulders. He pulled
her closer to the edge of the table, then looked into her eyes. She
felt his cockhead spreading her pussy lips, then he pushed, gently,
only moving a couple of inches into her. She looked into his eyes,
then, silently telling him to give her more, to fuck her completely.
He slid his hands down her legs to her thighs, then to her hips. He
got a firm hold on her, then drove into her with all his power,
forcing himself all the way in. 
	Greg began to piston Jan's snatch, fucking her the way Marcia
liked it, with long, hard strokes. With every stroke her tits bounced
toward her face, then came back when he pulled out. Jan must have
noticed where he was looking, or maybe just liked playing with them,
because she grabbed her own boobs and began massaging them, rolling
them with her hands, tweaking the nipples to make them even harder. As
he watched, pumping into her, she pulled her right breast to her
mouth, licked her nipple, then took it between her lips and sucked on
it. Greg had never seen a woman suck her own tits; it was more then he
could handle right then. With a grunt he buried himself in her snatch
just as she let out a long moan. She tensed, her body arching up off
the table. He pushed in deep, then let loose with a shattering orgasm,
his cock jerking time after time. When he was finished he pulled her
to a sitting position and kissed her again, long and hard. 
	Cindy was thrashing about on the floor, in the middle of her
second orgasm, Peter still rock hard and pumping. While Jan and Greg
watched, Peter pulled out of her and turned her over. He stretched out
on top of her, his cock resting between her butt cheeks. While Cindy
was still relaxed, Peter pushed his bone against her asshole, slipping
almost halfway in. 
	Cindy was exhausted, left limp by the force of her orgasms.
She simply went with it when Peter turned her over, expecting him to
mount her from behind.  His rod was hot against her ass, slick with
her own juices, and she could feel it throbbing. She felt him sliding
it back, and was waiting for him to fill her pussy again. When he
pushed through her asshole she was surprised, but didn't have the
energy to fight it. Later she found out that assfucking sometimes
hurt, but right now there was no pain. She stayed relaxed, and allowed
Peter his way. After all, he had already gotten her off twice. 
	Peter thrust again, burying his bone in Cindy's tight little
ass. She was tighter than any hole he had ever been in. He pulled back
slowly, then pushed it in again, all in one stroke. His pace
increased, her tightness and subservience making him harder and
hotter. 
	Jan slid from the table, dropping to her knees in front of
Greg. She took his cum coated prick into her mouth, licking and
sucking, cleaning it while also causing it to stiffen again. They
watched Peter pounding in and out of Cindy's ass, watched as he buried
his log in her butt and jerked spasmodically, watched him collapse
atop her when his orgasm finished. 
	Bobby woke with a piss-hardon, climbed out of bed and headed
for the bathroom. He was standing about two feet away from the toilet,
aiming his stream into the bowl when Marcia walked in. She had
forgotten her cosmetics bag after her shower, and didn't realize
anyone was in the bathroom. She stopped dead, staring at the boy's
erection. Bobby was startled by her presence, but there wasn't much he
could do about it. The longer she stared, though, the more it excited
him. 
	Marcia stared at Bobby's hardon, watching it. At first it was
softening as the piss left, but as she watched it began to stiffen
again. She had never seen such a smooth cock, or balls so nearly
devoid of hair. When he finished she moved towards him, reaching for
his balls. She wasn't really horny, Greg and Peter had taken care of
that, but Bobby's balls were practically calling her. Her fingers
itched to feel the soft fuzz, to cradle his young balls, to fondle
them. She dropped to her knees before him, stroking his cock with one
hand, rolling his balls with the other. She pulled his foreskin back,
marveling at the velvety smoothness of his shaft. Without a word she
took him into her mouth. She sucked the head, licked it, while fisting
the shaft with one hand and holding his balls with the other. 
	Bobby was taken completely by surprise. He was barely awake,
and he was already being blown. He throbbed in Marcia's mouth, then
dropped his hands to her head, pulled her against him, and began to
shoot. He shot hard, but not very long. Everything had happened so
fast, he hadn't even been hard more than a couple minutes.
	Marcia swallowed the hot, sticky cum spewing into her mouth,
and continued to suck. She wanted him to stay hard, wanted him to fuck
her right there in the bathroom. When he was fully erect again she
stood up, turned her back to him, and bent over, resting her hands on
the toilet cover. Bobby pushed her robe up out of the way, moved up
against her butt, and sunk his pole into her pussy. 
	His hands gripping her hips, Bobby began fucking, moving in
and out slowly and steadily, wanting this to last much longer than the
blow job had. Marcia was just as tight as Cindy, even if she was
older. He continued his slow, steady fucking, helping Marcia build
toward her own orgasm. When she began to moan and gasp he increased
his tempo, thrusting harder and faster, matching his rythm to her
moans, matching the frenetic pace she was setting, pushing back
against him. She was bringing him to his exploding point, even as he
was driving her to her own. With one final push backward, she impaled
herself on his cock. He could feel her cunt clenching and releasing.
With a sigh he thrust one more time, then gave himself over to his own
orgasm. He flooded her cunt, their juices mixing and coating his cock.

	Marcia slid slowly back down the hill, coming back to life.
When Bobby pulled out she turned to him, pulled him close, and kissed
him passionately. They showered together, then dressed and went
downstairs. They walked into the kitchen just as Greg began to shoot,
his cum filling Jan's mouth and dribbling out onto her chin. 
	The four sweaty kids went to shower while Marcia and Bobby
fixed breakfast. The way this day had started, everybody needed a big
breakfast.
	Bobby, Cindy, Peter, and Jan all left for school. Bobby and
Cindy were both in their first year at high school, Peter was a
junior, and Jan was a senior, due to graduate in a couple of months.

	Bobby had gym 1st period, as did his best friend Tom. While
they were dressing Bobby told him about getting laid the day before,
although he was careful not to mention who he had fucked. Greg had
made it plain what would happen if word of their "family affair" got
out. Being 14 years old, this conversation gave both boys a boner,
even though Bobby had already gotten off twice that morning. While
neither boy was gay, and had never touched the other, they had
masturbated together, and now seemed like a great time. They ducked
out of the boys locker room the back way, going through the coach's
office, and got into a plumbing access area that not many students
knew about. Tom's dad was the plumber the school hired, though, and
Tom sometimes had to work with his dad on weekends, so he had been
there before. That was how he knew about the flashlight that was
hanging just inside the entrance. 
	As soon as they were inside both boys stripped off their
shorts and began tugging on their cocks, Tom asking Bobby to tell him
again about getting laid. Bobby was a little nervous about talking so
close to the door, so they moved into the passageway, stroking their
dicks as they walked. They hadn't gone very far when they heard
voices, girls voices, from somewhere up ahead. Bobby was the first to
realize that the sounds were coming through the wall, and that they
must be alongside the girls locker room or shower. It was funny, but
the voices seemed to be loudest in spots, and the spots were marked by
large pieces of drywall leaning against the opposite wall. Both boys
were stumped, standing there butt-naked, holding their cocks in one
hand, listening to the voices. Tom was shining the flashlight over the
wall, when a sudden twinkle caught both their eyes. Investigating,
they discovered a hinge, fitted flush and covered with dirt. A little
searching uncovered a second, slightly higher hinge. Something was
here, but how did it open? Bobby had an idea. He grabbed a piece of
the cut out drywall and held it against the wall with one edge lined
up with the hinge. Sure enough, feeling around at the other edge his
fingers found a very small indentation in the wood. About the right
size for a nail to be inserted, of which there were plenty lying
around. When they finally pried it open it was every thing they had
hoped. They were looking directly into the girls locker room. It was
empty at the moment, but in 20 minutes or so a class would be
finishing and there would be 30 or so sophmore girls showering and
dressing. Bobby had only seen two-way mirrors on TV, but he figured
that's what they were looking through. Plus the fact they were looking
out over sinks and counters. They went to each of the cut out pieces
of drywall and found the same thing, small doors that looked through
mirrors into the girls locker room. The last two were even more
surprising. One was the mirror in the women's coaches office, and the
last was in the girls shower. Neither of them had even known ther was
a mirror in the shower. There certainly wasn't in any shower they had
ever been in. 
	Gym class was over, and 30 sweaty girls poured into the locker
room. As they watched the girls strip their cocks thickened and
lengthened. Neither had ever seen so many tits, asses, and pussies
before. Bobby stroked his cock, watching Sandy Morgan strip. She was
the best built girl in school, with tits even bigger than Jan's. He
followed her in the mirrors, watching her jugs bounce and swing as she
walked to the shower. His cock throbbing, he slowly jerked himself
off, watching her lather her tits, squishing them under her hands,
rolling them around, making sure they were clean. She washed her
stomach, then slid the soap between her thighs and scrubbed her pussy.
Next was her ass, which she washed with both hands, which made her
boobs stick out even further. Bobby slowed his pumping, not wanting to
cum to soon. He fondled his balls, rolled them between his fingers,
massaged his rod with both hands. He watched her towel herself off,
then begin to dress. She pulled on a pair of pink lace panties, then
the matching bra. Bobby was just about to switch to another girl when
Sandy started walking straight toward him. She came to the mirror he
was behind, set down a little bag, and began to apply her makeup. She
wasn't more than a foot away, and she was in her underwear. With a low
groan Bobby began to cum, spurting thick, creamy goo at the wall, all
the while staring at Sandy's lace covered boobs. When he was finished
Bobby looked around for Tom, who was down at the shower. He watched as
his friends cock began to squirt, the cum splattering against the
wall. The boys quickly closed the shutters, rubbing dirt on the
hinges, then headed back. They both had Math 2nd period, and that was
one class you had better not be late for.

	Greg was deep in Marcia's pussy, enjoying the quiet of the
house and the warmth of her cunt. Group fucks were fun, but Greg
really liked boning Marcia one-on-one. The others would be home later,
but for now it was his cock, her cunt and plenty of time. 
	Carol entered the house through the kitchen. They had closed a
major deal at work, and to celebrate they had given everybody the rest
of the day off. She was headed for the stairs and a shower when she
heard a groan coming from the TV room. She walked to the half-open
door and peeked inside, not really sure what she would see, but not
expecting to see her oldest daughter and her step-son fucking on the
couch. She was stunned, and completely at a loss. She felt she should
protest, but they weren't really related, and they were both old
enough to make up their own minds. As she watched Greg pulled out,
stroked his shaft several times, then began to cum on Marcia's snatch
and stomach. When he finished he rubbed his cock in the gooey mass on
her belly, then slid it slowly back into her cunt. 
	Without realizing it, Carol was becoming aroused. The longer
she watched, the harder her nipples became. Her hands pressed against
her stomach, then slid upward to her breasts. She massaged them
through her blouse and bra, rolling and squeezing them. Her fingers
flew through the buttons, then opened the blouse. She cupped her
boobs, bra and all, then slid her fingers inside the bra, liftng each
tit clear and allowing them to hang over the bracups. While her left
hand continued to play with her boobs, her right began its slow,
sensual descent down her stomach, heading for her pussy. She pressed
her silk panties against her mound, then slipped a finger inside and
stroked her pussy lips. 
	She watched as Marcia suddenly lunged up against Greg, her
body taut, every muscle spasming with the force of her orgasm. When
she finally subsided Greg pulled out, still rock hard, and told Marcia
to lean against the back of the couch so he could fuck her doggy
style. As she watched Greg enter her daughter from behind, Carol
lifted her skirt, bunching it around her waist, and removed her soaked
panties. Watching Greg and Marcia fuck, she began alternately rubbing
her pussy and finger-fucking it. She couldn't remember the last time
she had been this hot. When her orgasm hit she leaned against the door
frame, a loud moan escaping from her throat.
	Greg and Marcia were startled by the sudden moan coming from
behind them. Greg pulled out and turned quickly, then froze when he
saw his step-mother leaning against the door, her clothes in disarray,
two fingers in her snatch. There had never been any doubt in his mind
that he would fuck his step-mother one day, and he wasn't going to let
this incredible opportunity get away. He moved toward Carol, stopping
in front of her and dropping to his knees. He pulled her fingers from
her snatch and pushed his face against her, burying his tongue as
deeply as he could in her hot, slick pussy. She responded as he had
hoped she would, her fingers locking in his hair and pulling him hard
into her. He could hear her whimpering as he alternately licked,
sucked, and tongue fucked her cunt. 
	Carol knew she shouldn't do this, but the mouth on her pussy
felt so good, and it had been such a long time since she had been
eaten. She felt herself peaking again, and all thought fled. She gave
herself to her orgasm, her body tingling with power. 
	Greg stood up, still gripping her ass, and lifted her easily.
Her legs opened, wrapped around him as he had known they would. He
lowered her to his cock, leaned her against the wall, and thrust
upward as hard as he could, slamming his long, thick prick into her
all at once. He held her there, fucking as hard as he could, uncaring
about anything except the fire in his balls. He thrust as deeply as
possible into Carol's pussy, his body smashed against hers, and pumped
his hot, gooey load into her. 
	Carol felt the cock inside her explode. Mike had never cum
this intensely in all the years they had been married. It was unlike
any fuck she had ever experienced, this huge cock erupting inside her.
She slid over the edge, her third orgasm shattering her, ripping long,
low moans from her. 
	Marcia watched the two of them come back to reality. Her
fingers danced across her pussy, stroking and thrusting, keeping her
aroused. She saw Greg pull out of her mother, take her by the hand,
and lead her to the couch. 
	Carol sat next to her daughter, a little afraid of what she
knew was coming, but aroused enough to go with it. She hadn't been
with another woman since college. Marcia stroked Carol's thigh, then
leaned toward her pressed her lips to her mothers. Carol's mouth
opened slowly, allowing Marcia's tongue inside. With her eyes closed,
Carol couldn't tell the difference between her daughters tongue and
any other she had played with. When she responded to the kiss Marcia
came into her arms, plastering her body against her mothers.
	Marcia broke the kiss, and began the slide downwards, kissing
and licking Carols full, round boobs, then tonguing her way down her
stomach. She slid to the floor, spread her mothers legs, and buried
her face in hot, steamy pussy. 
	Greg stood beside them, playing with his cock, watching Marcia
eat the cunt he had so recently been fucking. He was at that strange
stage, not hard enough to fuck, really, but too hard to put it away.
He knew how to take care of that. Stepping up behind Marcia, he
straddled her, moved close to the couch, and reached for Carol. His
fingers wrapped in her hair, then he pulled her close and rubbed his
cock against her face. Carol removed one hand from Marcia's hair and
took hold of the prick in her face, guiding it to her mouth. She
sucked the head into her mouth, working it with her tongue. Greg stood
still, allowing Carol to suck him any way she wanted.
	Carol had never had a bone this big in her mouth. She sucked
several inches in, then rubbed the underside of the head with her
tongue. A sudden stiffening told her how Greg felt. She sucked harder,
then circled it with her free hand and began pumping it, back and
forth, sucking each time she stroked toward her mouth. She felt it
stiffen some more, and knew it was ready. She wanted to be fucked by
that monster dick again.
	Greg pulled away from Carol, lifted Marcia to the couch, and
draped her across the back, butt up. He turned Carol around, and layed
her next to Marcia. He stroked the two pussies, then moved up against
Carol and pushed his rod into her. He fucked her slowly, thrusting all
the way in and pulling all the way back. After 10 strokes he pulled
out and entered Marcia, fucking her the same way. He stayed in Marcia,
gradually picking up speed, until he was fucking her the way he always
did, fast and hard. He wanted Carol to see her daughter get off, and
he wanted to be the cock getting her off. When Marcia began banging
back against him he knew she was getting close. He thrust harder,
driving deep. He could feel her hot juices flowing around his
pole,could feel her cunt clenching and relaxing. When it was over he
pulled out, grabbed Carol by the hips, and slammed home in one stroke.
He fucked her the way he had earlier, all power and speed, banging
against her soft ass with each stroke. He managed to hold himself back
until her orgasm began, then he pumped another load deep into his step
mother's pussy. 
-- 
