Brandy is a teenage virgin who dreams about being wakened in her bed
by three gorgeous body builders, white, black, and hispanic, who tie
her down and rape her. (no violence)

My name is Brandy. I'll turn eightteen in another couple of months.
I'm a virgin, technically, though I've long since busted my cherry
with my fingers, hair brush, bananas, cucumbers, and a dildo I
bought from a mail order company.
     I've never had an actual cock in me, though. 
     I've felt them in my hands, and jerked guys off, and even
sucked a couple of guys off, but I've never gone all the way. It
isn't that I'm scared, or have any particular moral hangup, it's
more that I just haven't found the right guy, I guess.
     When I find a guy I care for, who won't go blab to all his
friends, and won't think I'm a slut for sleeping with him, then
I'll get to try out all the things I've read about in the sex books
I've studied.
     Until then what gets me off, aside from jerking off a lot,
that is, is to tease guys.
     I'm a honey blonde, and though my hair is straight, it's very
thick and falls down around my shoulders in soft, beautiful waves
of silk. I'm 34D-21-34, and five feet four. My breasts are big and
round and very firm, especially for their size.
     I have a great complexion and smooth, soft skin. My eyes are
green and I have a beautiful oval face with flashing green eyes. I
have the kind of face that always draws second glances, and a body
that draws third and fourth glances.
     That turns me on.
     I love walking down the street, or getting on a bus or subway,
or going into a room and noticing, without appearing to, all the
guys turning to look at me. I know what they're thinking of. Guys
from fourteen to eighty-four watch me go by and think how great it
would be if they could fuck me.
     I know they look at my tits and imagine what they look like
naked, imagine how big and round they are, and how tasty my nipples
must be. I know they watch my ass go by and growl to themselves
that I really need a hard, stiff cock up it.
     I know they see me naked, on all fours, or with my legs
pressed back against my body. I know they imagine me sucking their
cocks, think about raping me, seducing me, buying me.
     I always pretend I don't notice the looks directed my way, but
I do, and it makes my cunny tingle to know how much they want to
fuck me.
     I always dress well when I go outside. I don't mean in fancy
clothes. When I go out I always make sure I look hot, casual hot,
but hot. 
     I wear really tight jeans that hug my ass and crotch and hips
to show what a great figure I have. I wear tops that are tight and
clingy. Sometimes I wear mini-skirts to show off my great legs. 
     Sometimes, when I'm wearing a really short mini, I'll sit down
somewhere and let my legs come apart enough that a guy sitting
across from me, in a park say, or on the bus, will be able to see
my panties.
     Sometimes I'll bend over in tight jeans when there are guys
behind me, knowing damn well their eyes will be glued to my ass and
their minds will be thinking of how they'd love to ram their cocks
into me.
     I love white clothes. White is for virgins, remember.
     I have thin white pants that are tight, and light enough that
you can make out the outline and shadow of my dark colored string
bikini panties beneath. I also have white tops that leave no doubts
at all about where my nipples are.
     The beach is the most fun. There are so many guys there, and
I can wear my string bikini. I even have a thong bikini that I wear
only to taunt guys. I don't wear it when I go with my friends, but
when I go alone I wear it and walk around a lot just so guys can
drool over me.
     I get a lot of come-ons of course. Mostly guys my own age, or
a few years older come after me. But I've had guys in their
twenties and thirties and even their forties try to get me out of
my panties. 
     One of my teachers tried to seduce me, so did a married man I
babysat for. I think the woman who coaches me in gym wants to get
her hands on me too.
     Anyway, I have piles of fantasies, but my favorite is about
rape. Now I don't mean the kind of rape where you get beat up and
are terrified and humiliated, I mean a special kind of rape. In
this rape, in my fantasy, I'm in bed, sleeping late.
     It's summer out and my parents have gone to work, leaving me
alone in the house. I'm sleeping in just the tops of my black silk
PJs. The covers are thick around me because the air-conditioning is
up high and the room is quite cool. I've just wakened and am drowsy
and warm and oh so comfortable.
     I'm also kind of horny. I'm laying on my side, all curled up,
and my hands slide down between my legs and squeeze my pussy hard
as I kind of arch back and stretch my body. I groan in pleasure
then lay still, my fingers kneading my pussy mound.
     I seize the bottom of my soft PJ top and rub it up and down
against my pussy, digging it in between my pussy lips and stroking
my pink inner flesh and my purring little clit button. I stretch
languorously in bed again, then let go of the silk and probe my
pussy with my fingers.
     I slowly wriggle a finger up into my pussy tunnel and pump it
in and out. At the same time I find my fuck-button with the fingers
of my other hand and start squeezing and rubbing it. The heat
begins to pour up into my belly as I stroke my clit and pump my
pussy, but it's not enough.
     I slide a second finger up my twat, pumping them faster as I
frig my clitty. I start to hump against my fingers, my hip grinding
into the mattress. Then I roll onto my belly, my knees bent, legs
far apart. I grind and hump myself down against my fingers as I
frig my clit desperately. I feel a climax building up within me,
getting set to blow.
     At first I don't notice anything amiss, for the men who have
broken into the house are very quiet and all my senses are turned
inward to the storm of sexual pleasure engulfing my slender body.
     The men, three of them, have come into the room quietly,
watching me wriggling on the bed, watching my ass rise and fall
steadily and excitedly. They give each other knowing looks. One
reaches for the thick covers and jerks them off, baring me to their
eyes. I notice now, but it takes me a few seconds to pause and turn
my fluttering eyes around.
     They can clearly see my round bare ass rise and fall, and more
importantly, my cunt riding up and down on my fingers as I jerk
off.
     I gasp as I notice them, frightened and shocked. I pull my
fingers out of my pussy and quickly roll over, sitting up and
scurrying back against the head of the bed. I stare at them in
wide-eyed amazement, my face red from what they've seen.
     "Having fun?" one asks. He's a tall, big chested, handsome
blonde guy.
     "She sure looked like she was having fun," another guy says.
He's a very dark skinned black guy with short hair and bulging
biceps showing beneath his T-shirt.
     "I'd say this little bitch wants to get fucked," the third guy
says. He's darker skinned, though not black, maybe hispanic,
something exotic anyway. He too is big and strong looking.
     "Wha... what're you doing here?" I gasped, my voice squeaking.
     "We're here to fuck you," the black guy says.
     "Yeah, to give you a good ride," the blonde smiles.
     "Gonna fuck that pretty ass of yours too," the hispanic grins.
     "No," I protest.
     But they don't listen to me and I know I can't fight them. The
white guy grabs my left ankle and yanks me down along the bed. The
black guy is on the other side of the bed and as I try to slap them
away he grabs my right hand and pulls it up towards the corner of
the bed. The hispanic guy grabs my other wrist and pulls it towards
the opposite corner.
     They're all big and strong I can't fight them at all, and can
only kick out with my one free foot and beg them not to hurt me.
     My wrists are tied to the top corners of the bed and soon
after my ankles are similarly bound to the bottom corners, all with
silk scarves. I can only writhe ineffectually as they all gather
around the bed and stare down hungrily at me.
     Then the black guy gets between my legs. He kneels and stares
into my eyes. His hands go onto my body, on my belly and move
roughly up onto my breasts. He squeezes them hard, smiling at how
big and thick they are, then he rips my top open to expose my
rounded orbs.
     "Nice tits," the white guy says.
     "Good for sucking," the black guy says.
     "Good for fucking," the hispanic guy smiles.
     "No," I gasp.
     The black guy grips the collar of my PJ top and tears it
apart, ripping the whole shirt completely off me so I'm totally
naked. His hands slide up my belly onto my breasts again, squeezing
and mashing the soft white flesh. He spreads his fingers wide and
squeezes down, making the milky white meat ooze out between his
black fingers.
     "Hey, who says you get to fuck her first?" the hispanic guy
says.
     The black guy gets off the bed then and the three all glare at
each other, each wanting to be the first to fuck my tight virginal
pussy.
     "We'll do it fair then, we'll arm wrestle for it," the black
guy says.
     He jerks off his top and the other two follow suit. I gasp
with amazement at the thick bulging muscles on their arms and
chests and backs, at their washboard stomachs and narrow waists.
The sit at a table, at least, the black and hispanic guy do, and
lock hands. The strain against each other, muscles bulging out even
more.
     The black guy wins and then he takes on the white guy. I lay
in place, whimpering a little, pulling against the bonds holding
me, arching my back attractively.
     The black guy and white guy strain against each other, and
this time the white guy wins. He stands up in triumph and undoes
the button of his tight jeans. I can see his cock bulging out
against the front as he unzips then pulls down his pants.
     His cock is huge and red, lined with veins and sticking out of
a thick mass of curly blonde hair. His cockhead is all dark angry
red and purple, sticking out straight at me as the guy gets into
the bed and settles between my legs.
     The other two guys take off their pants and show off their
equally thick and long cocks. The stand on either side of the bed
watching as the blonde guy runs his hands up and down my writhing
body, sliding over my soft skin as he grunts in appreciation. 
     "This little whore really needs a good fucking," he says.
     "Sure does," the black guy growls.
     "Fuck her good, man," the hispanic agrees.
     He puts his cock against my crack, then rubs it slowly up and
down, adding more and more pressure until his head sinks into me
and forces my pussy lips open. He strokes it against my clitty and
then finds my hole and slowly pushes it down inside my body. I feel
ever ridge and vein on his big tool as it goes into me. My pussy is
strained to the utmost by the thickness of his mighty prong.
     It drives deeper and deeper and deeper, until I think that for
sure I won't be able to take it. His  hands squeeze my breasts
repeatedly as he eases forward. Then he lets his heavy frame come
down on top of me and with a sudden thrust his cock rips up into my
belly all the way to my cervix.
     "Uuuuunngghh!" I groan, arching my back as his cock skewers
me.
     "That's a real cock up inside you, slut," the blonde guy
sniggers. He slides his left hand up behind my head and seizes my
hair, then jerks my head back. His lips crush mine and his tongue
pushes into my mouth as his heavy weight crushes me to the bed.
     He grinds his hips into me, twisting his big cock around
inside my super tight cunt sleave. His right hand strokes my
breast, squeezing and pinching it as he starts to hump against me.
His hips rise and fall slowly, pumping his dick inside my cunt.
     I'm embarrassed and frightened but not hurt, partly because my
cunt is still all buttery and warm from my interrupted jerkoff
session. I can feel the walls of my cunt stretched out oh so far
though, can feel how tight they are around his cock as it slides up
and down inside me.
     I pull again at the scarves but it's no use, I can't get
loose. The big man continues to fuck me, continues to force his
tongue into my mouth. His hips move faster now, his tight ass
rising and falling as he drives his pole up into my guts with more
force.
     His hips begin to slam against my thighs as he uses longer
strokes. He tears his whole long cock up my pussy then rams it back
in. I grunt and cry out with the force of his savage pumping
motions.
     "Fuck her, man. Give it to her!" one of the others yells.
     "Rip her cunt up," the other one barks.
     His big cock is pistoning back and forth inside me as he
raises himself up on his arms and starts to really pump. He's not
even touching my body now, except where it counts. He's raised up
like he's doing pushups, only his cock is firmly locked inside my
quim and is sliding up and down as he moves.
     I'm shocked by my first fucking, of course, but with no pain
and finally getting the good fucking I've wanted for so long, my
pussy is beginning to respond to the good hard fucking it's
getting. I don't want to, but my body feels otherwise.
     My breasts are swollen and hard, my nipples sticking out long
and sensitive, ready for the slightest touch. My cunt is burning up
with desire as his big cock churns inside my guts. I groan and try
to hump back, but can't because of the scarves holding me so
tightly.
     He fucks long and hard, while I fight desperately to keep
control of my body. But just as I'm holding on by the fingernails,
just barely keeping the powerful orgasmic forces at bay, he cums,
pumping just that bit harder. Deep in my cunt I feel his cum
spewing out, pouring into my cunt, flooding down into my womb like
a silvery tide.
     It's too much for me and I cum, cum like gang busters, arching
my back, tearing madly at the bonds holding me, crying out in
joyous release as my cunt spasms around the blonde guy's big
pumping cock. He settles atop me again, getting his breath back,
then climbs out of bed.
     The black guy gets on top then and slides his prick up into my
slit. It drives deeper and I grunt with the renewed tautness of my
cunt walls.
     "Dirty whore," he sneers, knowing I've cum. I whimper but
don't deny it.
     He starts to pump, his cock pounding into me with violent
strokes right from the beginning, but then he stops, his eyes
gleaming. He unties my wrists and arms, knowing I'm not going to
resist, that I couldn't if I tried. His big hands flip me like I
weigh nothing and lift my hips up until I'm on all fours.
     I'm kneeling there in front of him and he's squeezing and
rubbing my ass cheeks. I tremble in anticipation, then gasp and
arch my back as he cups my pussy and squeezes it.
     "Hot little slut," he growls.
I feel his cock against my pussy, then it slides deep inside me. He
pushes every last inch inside and I marvel that I've taken it all.
I feel his hips pressing hard against my buttocks and know that
he's really going to give it to me. I'm not disappointed.
     His big hands grip my hips to hold me in place, then he begins
to pump. Like a train building up steam he starts out slow but goes
faster and faster and faster, until his heavy hips are pounding
into my buttocks, throwing me violently forward with each stroke.
     His hands keep me in place, though, and jerk me back to meet
each new thrust. His cock is ripping up and down my cunt pipe as
his body savagely pummels my ass flesh. I yell and whine and cry
out in pleasure and pain, totally degraded by this position, by
being used like this, yet loving it, and loving the big thick cock
ramming into me.
     My bit tits swing back and forth beneath me as he ruts into
me, riding me like a bitch dog, his cock skewering me with brutal
power, sawing back and forth between my aching, sparkling pussy
lips.
     I'm gnashing my teeth. My eyes are bulging out and I'm panting
for breath as a tidal wave of sexual pleasure floods my body. I
can't control myself and start humping back against him, begging
for more, begging him to fuck me harder.
     He curses and really gives it to me. The bed is squeaking and
shaking from the force of our movements but I'm hardly aware of it.
     Then suddenly the hispanic man, too excited to wait, gets into
bed with us, kneeling in front of me. He grips my thick blonde hair
and pushes my face up and back, then forces his cock into my mouth.
     "Suck my cock white girl," he says gleefully.
     "Yeah, suck that cock, slut," the black guy growls.
     I have no choice and suck on it as my body jerks back and
forth. The hispanic guy is fucking my mouth just like the black guy
is fucking my cunt and I'm doubly skewered. Each of them reaches
beneath me then and grabs one of my tits. They squeeze and tear at
my sensitive orbs as they pound their cocks into me, and I cry out
in pain and pleasure, the sound muffled by the thick cock in my
mouth.
     Then the black guy comes, flooding my pussy with even more
jism, pumping thick white wads of juice up into my belly as he
curses and gives it to me like a jackhammer.
     I cum helplessly, whining and sobbing and rolling my eyes in
animalistic pleasure, my mind exploding with lust and ecstasy, my
nervous system on fire with the pure, white hot pleasure of it all.
     The hispanic guy pulls me forward and lays back. My body
slides up along his until I'm straddling his loins. He reaches down
and takes his spit wet cock in hand, then lines it up against my
pussy. I whimper and pant and groan, then feel his cock against my
slit and sink gratefully down onto it.
     My pussy slides way way down until his whole cock is up inside
me. I groan from the pressure against my belly. I feel impaled on
his giant cock. I fall forward atop him and he seizes my hair
again, bringing my mouth down against his. He crushes his lips
against mine as he slaps my ass with his other hand. I start to
ride him, pulling my cunt up and down on his cock.
     He pushes me up and back, his hands squeezing my tits hard. I
bounce up and down on his prong, swaying and moaning.
     Then the white guy grips my hair and he pushes his cock into
my mouth. It's hard again and I start sucking gladly. He fucks my
face as I ride the hispanic guy, then pulls away. I fall forward
onto the hispanic guy, my breasts flattening against his big
muscular chest.
     He twists my hair and kisses me again, just as I feel the
blonde guy around behind me squeezing my ass. I feel his cock
against me and wonder what he's doing, then I know. I struggle to
break free but can't. The hispanic guy holds me easily, laughing as
I squirm.
     I feel the white guy's cock against my little wrinkled anus,
feel it pushing down, flattening out all the crinkles, smoothing
out the skin, opening up my hole. It slides in and I groan in pain,
but not much. It slides right up into my asshole then, with hardly
any hesitation.
     I have two big cocks in my belly now and the feel is amazing.
They're tearing back and forth inside, ripping my guts apart with
their furious pumping motions. It feels like I have some kind of
creature in my lower belly that's writhing around inside me.
     I cum again, screaming until the hispanic guys mashes his lips
against mine. The white guy is pumping hard now, really giving it
to me, reaming out my asshole while I bounce up and down on the
hispanic guy.
     My body is out of control, overheated, perspiring, my heart
pounding, blood racing, adrenaline burning me up. He eyes are
glazed, my mouth wide as I gasp for breath. My chest is heaving and
I'm hardly aware of what's going on any more.
     I cum again, thrashing and shaking, whining and groaning and
whimpering as they continue to ram their cocks into my soft young
body. Their big hard fingers are probing and squeezing and groping
me all over, pinching my nipples and ass and sides and arms.
     Man juice floods up into my pussy, then more of it pours down
into my asshole. I'm exhausted and hardly able to move any more. I
just lay there on the hispanic guy trembling and shaking as their
cum pumps into me.
     The white guy gets off and the other guy rolls me of so I lay
on my back, dazed. Then the black guy gets in bed again. His cock
is hard once again and he means to take care of that right away. He
shoves his cock into me, then grips my legs and shoves them back
against my chest.
     He kneels there, leaning forward, hands on my legs just behind
the knees as he pumps his black cock in my pussy. He shifts his
grip, sliding his hands down along my legs to my ankles, then bends
them back hard. He shoves my ankles over my shoulders, ignoring my
moans.
     My body is crushed in two, my ass sticking up and out as he
jams my ankles down against the sides of my head. He rides up atop
me, pounding his cock down into my completely exposed, helpless
fuck tunnel. Each hard thrust slams me down into the bed. Then the
springs throw me up again just in time for the next brutal thrust.
     The whole bed is bouncing now, not just the mattress and
springs but the whole fucking bed. The legs are knocking against
the floor as he stabs his big cock into me with total abandon. I'm
too tired to cum again but I do anyway, nearly passing out from the
force of the ecstasy that roars through my skull.
     I'm totally out of it now, gibbering like an ape, heedless of
anything but the pleasure inside me. He continues to ride me for
long minutes, making me cum again, then again before spewing his
sperm down into me.
     Now the hispanic guy grips my hair, dragging me to the edge of
the bed where he's kneeling. He rubs his semi-flaccid cock over my
face, then pushes it into my mouth. I suck automatically, if
weakly, and his cock begins to harden. I taste his jism on it, and
my own pussy cream.
     He fucks my face with a steady motion. I'm on my belly now,
arms flat at my side, legs flat and straight, hardly moving at all
as he slides his boner back and forth through my lips.
     He pulls me up into a semi sitting position, holding me by the
hair. I'm hardly conscious and sit there in numbed pleasure,
sucking his cock like a popsickle as he fucks me.
     He pulls his cock out just as he cums, spraying thick wads out
the end. They splatter against my face, my nose and cheeks and
eyelids are covered by it, and some gets into my open mouth. More
sprays against my tits and chest.
     He rubs his cock in my hair to clean it off, then flings me
back onto the bed. I lay back, groaning, eyes closed.
     They leave finally, and I lay there in their cum, moaning
softly as the light comes through the windows and makes the wet
juice on my face and body glisten.
