 
 
 
 
Chapter 4
Graduation
 
     Graduation night finally arrived.  Brandi had been so
involved in studying for final exams that she had hardly seen or
talked to Paula since prom night.  Now that school was over she
hoped that they could get together with Chad to have sex like
they had planned for that night.  She desperately wanted to try
him and to taste Paula's sweet juices again.
     Brandi's parents got her there just in time for the
graduation ceremony.  Paula was sitting in the back of the audi-
torium.  She motioned for Brandi to sit next to her.
     As she sat down, Paula leaned over and whispered, "Would
you like to join Chad and me tonight?"
     Brandi smiled and answered, "I was hoping you would ask."
As she looked at Paula's robe clad body, she noticed that the
small bumps of Paula's nipples were showing through the material.
She couldn't believe that Paula would actually be so revealing in
such a public place with all of their parents watching.
     Paula, noticing Brandi's attention, grinned mischievously
and whispered, "That's not all that's not covered."  She lifted
her robe just enough so Brandi could see that she wasn't wearing
anything under it.
     Brandi blushed.  She was astonished at how much of an
exhibitionist Paula was being.  She was getting really turned on
by the display and it was obvious that Paula was getting excited
by showing off.
     The ceremony seemed to drag on forever.  The speakers
spoke too long, it took too long for the students to walk up and
get their diplomas, and it took too long for everyone to leave
the auditorium.
     Much time was spent hugging each other and saying
goodbyes.  Brandi enjoyed watching the boys hug Paula.  When each
realized that she was nude under her robe, they reached down and
squeezed her ass.
     Finally, Paula, Brandi, and Chad, who had been sitting
patiently through the ceremony, were the last ones in the audito-
rium.  Paula walked onto the stage and spoke into the microphone
in a soft, seductive voice, "Would you come up here, Brandi?"
     Brandi walked onto the stage next to Paula.  They walked
to the large table behind the podium where the speakers had sat.
Brandi grinned and asked, "Did you enjoy all of the attention
your ass got?"
     Paula smiled back and answered, "Let's say my social life
won't be dull for a very long time.  Shall we put on a show for
Chad before we fuck him?"
     "What kind of show?"
     "A striptease.  You'll have to do most of the teasing
since you're the one wearing all the clothes."
     "Where are we going to go?"
     "Nowhere."
     "You mean we're going to fuck right here in the auditori-
um?  What if someone comes back?"
     "They'll get one hell of a performance."
     Brandi hesitated momentarily, trying to decide if this
was really such a good idea.  She looked down at Chad who was
sitting casually in the first row now.  She wanted him so much
she could hardly stand to wait.  "Does he know about this?"
Brandi asked finally.
     "About doing it here?  No.  But he does want to fuck
you," Paula answered.
     Brandi licked her lips in anticipation of what would
happen.  She didn't say anything else to Paula.  Her hand reached
for the zipper of her robe and by the time she was standing at
the front of the stage the robe was lying on the floor.  Under
it, she had worn a nice dress that didn't show off any of her
body from her knees to her neck.  The tiny buttons down the front
made it easy to get out of in a seductive manner.  Slowly she
unfastened the buttons that let the front of the dress fall open
to expose her lace bra.
     Chad was surprised that Brandi was stripping, but wasn't
going to complain as she let the dress fall to the floor.  He
looked up at her beautiful body that was covered only by the
slightest of lace bra and panties.  He stood and walked to the
edge of the stage, unable to take his eyes off her.
     She smiled as she kicked off her shoes and asked, "Do you
like me?"
     He nodded slightly.
     "Would you like to see more?"
     He nodded again.
     "Would you like to do the honors?"
     Finally, he spoke, "Oh, yes."  Without waiting for ap-
proval, he climbed onto the stage and embraced her.  His tongue
thrust into her mouth frantically.  As they kissed, his hands
fumbled with the bra hooks, but he eventually unfastened them.
     The look of satisfaction on his face as he dropped her
bra and stared at her marvelous tits sent waves of excitement
through Brandi's body.  "Come suck on my tits," she almost begged
as she led him to the table.  She laid down and let Chad caress
her entire body before he lowered his head at her chest and sent
excitingly chilling sensations up her spine with his tongue on
her nipples.  Out of the corner of her eyes she could see Paula
dropping her robe and approaching them.  Paula laid down next to
Brandi and began gently licking and sucking her other tit.
Brandi loved the feel of the two tongues lapping at her twin
peaks.
     After a long while, Paula rolled over on her back and
pulled Brandi towards her.  They exchanged a long passionate kiss
before Paula pushed Brandi's head down to her tits.  Chad soon
followed and joined Brandi's efforts.  He obviously enjoyed tit
sucking the two gorgeous, young women.
     Brandi suddenly realized that Chad hadn't even gotten
undressed yet.  She left Paula's breasts to remedy the situation.
She slowly unbuttoned his shirt and unfastened his belt and
pants.  The shirt came off easily to expose his muscular, young
torso.  Brandi took a moment to massage his upper body.  She
gently kissed his nipples and she could hear his muffled moans of
pleasure.  Her ultimate goal, however, remained covered.  Eager
to see his spire of meat she pulled his pants and underwear off,
taking his pants and shoes in the process.  His prick was stand-
ing fully erect and waiting to be sucked.
     Paula sat up before Brandi could move to take him in her
mouth and spread her legs wide for Brandi.  Brandi, slightly
disappointed, but wanting to make this last as long as possible,
leaned over, placing her mouth at Paula's cunt.  She gave it a
few quick licks before she kissed and sucked hard on her clit.
Paula moaned loudly and said to Chad, "Keep sucking on my tits
while Brandi eats me."
     Paula's muscles tightened as Brandi slipped her tongue
into her vagina.  The quick thrusts were obviously driving her
wild.  Brandi felt a strong shudder race through Paula's body as
she took another hard suck on her clit.  The flow of her friend's
cum soon followed and she eagerly drank it all.
     Chad raised his head and looked at Brandi with hungry
eyes.  She knew what he wanted and she couldn't wait to give it
to him.  She took Paula's place.  Paula pulled off Brandi's
soaked panties as Chad knelt in position.  When the way was
clear, he spread her legs and took a long lick that started at
Brandi's asshole and ended at her erect clit.  She squirmed at
the sensation of his tongue probing every inch of her crotch.
The pleasure was almost unbearable, but finally the relief of her
orgasm exploded within her and she felt his strong tongue licking
her cunt clean.
     Paula was ready for some more action and, despite her
climax, Brandi was too.  They got in the 69 position and began
hungrily eating each other out.  Chad started stroking his stiff
rod, but Paula noticed and warned in a gasping voice, "Let us do
that in a little bit.  Just watch us."  She immediately buried
her face in Brandi's cunt again without waiting to see if he
complied.
     Chad watched, trying hard to keep his hands away from his
straining cock.  The two women bucked frantically on the table
and their muffled cries of passion could be heard echoing through
the auditorium.  Finally, both of them screamed and tensed as
they shared their love juices with each other.  Their slurping
only stopped when they were both thoroughly cleaned.
     Having been satisfied for the moment, the women pulled
Chad onto the table with them.  Paula took his cock in her hand
and licked its bulbed tip.  As she took his length slowly into
her mouth, Brandi sucked his balls into her mouth and pushed them
around with her tongue.  They grew firm in her mouth as they made
the cum she so desperately wanted to taste.
     After several minutes, Paula and Brandi traded jobs.
Brandi took the tip of his cock in her mouth.  She let her tongue
caress it as she enjoyed its fullness in her mouth.  Then she
suddenly sucked his entire length down her throat.  The action
surprised him and he let out a groan.  She felt his hand on the
back of her head, almost forcing her up and down on his pole.
She felt him tense slightly and knew that he wouldn't last if she
continued.  She raised her head, but Chad was determined to shoot
his load in her mouth right then.  With two more thrusts, she
felt his cock surge in her mouth.  His warm, salty cum flooded
her mouth in several large spurts.  She couldn't keep up with him
and his cum leaked down her chin in a flood.  Paula licked up the
excess jism and kissed Brandi around Chad's wet cock.
     Brandi sat up and said in a slightly disappointed tone,
"I wanted to make you last longer."
     Paula responded before Chad could open his mouth, "Don't
worry.  He's good for two more loads that size.  I haven't let
him fuck anybody or anything since just before the prom.  I
wanted him to be well rested and well stocked for tonight's fun."
     Chad happily added, "And speaking of fun, I think I'm
ready to pump my cock in one of those tight pussies.  Who's
first?"
     Paula looked at Brandi and said, "You go ahead.  I know
you both have been dying to do this.  I'll just watch and catch
any fall out."
     Brandi hadn't known if Paula would let Chad shoot off
inside of her or not.  She was glad when Paula said that.  She
really wanted to feel his cum shooting up through her body.  The
only thing she liked more than taking someone's cum in her mouth
was letting a guy drop his load deep inside her cunt.
     Brandi knelt on her hands and knees on the stage floor.
Chad knelt behind her and placed his hands on her ass.  As he
spread her ass open, she could feel the tip of his cock press
against her clit.  Paula crawled under Brandi with her head below
her cunt.  As Chad penetrated Brandi's pussy, Paula gasped, "God,
this is beautiful.  Fuck her good, Chad."
     With that encouragement, Chad began slowly rocking back
and forth.  The feel of his big cock slowly filling her and then
slowly leaving her empty excited and soothed Brandi at the same
time.  She rocked with his rhythm, not wanting to rush to the
climax, but wanting to share in the approach to it.  Little by
little, Chad increased the pace of his thrusts and Brandi matched
each one trying to keep pace with him.  After about ten minutes,
they lost all rhythm and just began thrashing wildly.  Brandi
screamed when she felt the surge of her orgasm rising in her.
She heard with satisfaction as Chad yelled, "I'm gonna cum.  Oh,
God, I'm...cumming."
     As soon as he spoke, Brandi felt a sudden warmness fill
her vagina as her juices splashed against his.  They both let out
wild screams as they filled her with jism.  Paula was honored
with a smooth flow of their mixed cum dripping from Brandi's
pussy.  She raised her head and licked Chad's cock as he contin-
ued to pump in and out of Brandi.
     They all sat down on the floor to rest for a few minutes.
Paula smiled at Brandi and said, "That was great to watch.  And
your mixed cum was delicious.  I've never done that before."
     Brandi said, "Well, Chad is about the best fuck I've ever
had.  He really knows how to drive a girl crazy."
     Chad blushed a little and said sheepishly, "You give a
guy a lot of inspiration."
     Brandi asked, "Well, you said he was good for three
loads.  We've used two so far and I've gotten both of them so I
guess the last one is all yours, Paula.  How are you going to
take it?"
     Paula thought for a minute looking at Chad's cock as it
began to twitch back to life again.  Finally, she grinned and
said, "Well, I want him up my ass."  She stood and walked to her
purse across the stage.  She came back and dropped a large strap
on dildo in Brandi's lap.  "And I want you in my pussy."  Brandi
remembered how much Paula had enjoyed Chad and Kevin double
fucking her and how good it had felt being double fucked by Mr.
Martin and Mrs. James.  She stood and put the dildo on, imagining
what it felt like to be on the giving end of it.
     Brandi laid on her back on the table so that her ass was
hanging over the edge.  Paula straddled her and lowered herself
slowly onto the dildo.  Once she had taken the whole thing, Chad
spread her ass wide and stuffed his dick up her asshole.  Unlike
Kevin, the fit was very tight for him.  Paula let out little
whimpers as he inched his way into her bowels.  When he was
finally all the way in her, she lay still for a minute to let her
ass adjust to his presence.
     Paula slowly began rocking her body on Brandi.  She
obviously liked controlling the rhythm and the amount of penetra-
tion she received.  Brandi had just been double fucked, but Paula
was actually doing the fucking now.  That always seemed to make a
difference in the pleasure she received during sex so Brandi knew
that she would have to try this technique sometime.
     Brandi realized suddenly that Paula was quickening her
pace rapidly.  None of them had been touching themselves during
their rest, but the thought of being double fucked had apparently
made Paula very aroused.  Brandi looked over Paula's shoulder and
saw that Chad too was increasing his pace.  Paula's tight ass was
bringing him off quickly.  At that moment, Chad heaved three
times into Paula's ass and let out a loud moan as the muscles in
his stomach tensed.  At the same time, Brandi could feel the
muscles in Paula's stomach tighten.  Before Chad was through
climaxing, Paula let out her own scream and bounced erratically
on Brandi.
     Once they finished, Chad pulled out of Paula as she
collapsed on Brandi.  Brandi brushed her fingers through Paula's
hair gently.  Paula raised and kissed her tenderly on the lips.
The two women stayed there, enjoying the other's tongue in her
mouth.
     "Oh, shit," Chad said with a slight giggle.
     The girls looked at him and followed his eyes.  Just off
stage, they saw one of the janitors standing with his pants
pulled down.  He was a mildly attractive, middle aged, Oriental
man.  His cock was not large, but it was fully erect as he
stroked its length.  When he realized he had been noticed, he
backed up to run away, but tripped on his pants and fell to the
floor.
     Brandi and Paula ran over to him.  As they approached, he
tried to pull his pants up and crawl away at the same time.  He
was embarrassed at having been caught and scared since he
couldn't get away.  The two girls looked at each other and
grinned in agreement without speaking a word.
     Paula put her hand on his shoulder to help him up as she
said in a soft, calm voice, "Don't worry.  We don't mind that you
watched."
     He jumped at her touch.  He didn't seem to understand
what she was saying.  He mumbled something in his language with a
worried look on his face.
     Brandi tried a more direct approach to get him to under-
stand what they were offering.  She pointed to Paula and then to
herself.  She smiled as he calmed down to see what she was trying
to say.  He watched her carefully as she pointed to Paula and
herself again and then placed her hands around his swollen cock
and gave it a few gentle strokes.  He looked at the two girls and
smiled slowly as he nodded his head.
     They helped him up and led him to the table.  He laid on
his back on the table.  Brandi pointed to herself, then to Paula,
and then to his cock.  He seemed to understand and after looking
the two of them over he pointed to Paula.  Paula straddled his
waist and guided his dick into her cunt.
     Surprisingly, the man said something as he pointed to
Brandi, specifically at the dildo she was still wearing, and then
towards his waist.  Paula grinned, "I think he wants you to fuck
his ass while I ride him."
     Brandi moved between his spread legs and said, "If that's
what he wants, I'll be more than happy to give it to him."
     She worked the dildo all the way up his ass.  Before the
two girls could start pumping, the man started saying something
else as he pointed at Chad.  Paula looked at Chad and was sur-
prised to see that he had another erection.  She looked down at
the man who was now pointing at his mouth.  Realizing what he
wanted, she smiled devilishly and asked Chad, "Would you help us
take care of him.  I think he wants every hole filled."
     Chad looked apprehensively at Paula and said, "I don't
know that I'm ready to fuck another guy yet, Paula."
     She said encouragingly, "You know how I want to see you
with a guy.  He doesn't even want you to butt fuck him.  He only
wants to give you a blow job while we fuck him."
     He thought a minute.  Finally, he shrugged and straddled
the man's head facing Paula.
     Paula leaned next to his ear and whispered, "Thanks,
honey.  Would you do me another favor?"
     He nodded suspiciously.
     "I don't want him to cum inside of me.  When he's ready
to shoot his load, will you take him in your mouth and drink his
cum?  I think he might like that."
     Knowing he couldn't avoid it, he nodded again.
     Paula kissed his cheek and whispered, "Thank you.  You'll
like it.  Trust me."
     The man reached around Chad's waist and pulled his cock
down to his mouth.  Chad turned up his nose at Paula as he felt
his cock being swallowed by the man.  Paula just smiled at him as
she raised and lowered herself on the man's cock.  Seeing how
much she was enjoying the show, he let himself relax and began to
actually like the situation.  Over Paula's shoulders, Chad could
see Brandi pumping the artificial cock in the man's ass.  She too
was smiling at him.
     As the man's oral efforts began to have some effect, Chad
started moaning quietly.  The girls had become really excited
again as they were trying to make the man understand that they
were willing to fuck him so it didn't take long for Paula to
orgasm.  She tensed and howled as her cum rained down on the
man's cock in a final flood.  Spent, she turned to Brandi and
asked, "Want to trade places?"
     Without a pause, Brandi unfastened the dildo and took
Paula's place.  As Brandi lowered herself on the man's rod, Paula
strapped on the dildo and began pumping.  She whispered in
Brandi's ear, "When he's ready to cum, let Chad take it in his
mouth."
     Brandi smiled widely at Chad and said coyly, "My, we're
adventurous tonight."
     Chad was too distracted by the man's tongue on his own
cock to respond with anything other than a louder moan.  Brandi
enjoyed watching Chad's pleasure as she road the man's cock.  She
had been finger fucking herself while she was butt fucking him so
she was close to her own climax.  She could feel that he was
almost ready too.  She slowed her pace and made several strong
thrusts on his pole.  When she was on the brink, she rapidly
pounded him into her cunt.  With four strokes, she exploded in
her last orgasm for the evening.  As she finished, she realized
that the man was ready to cum too.
     Brandi jumped off the man's cock and pushed Chad's face
to it as she moved to one side so Paula could watch.  Without any
thought, Chad engulfed the man's cock and began sucking it furi-
ously.  Seconds later, both men's stomachs wretched and their
throats began working to drink the other's cum.  Neither lost a
drop.
     Paula pulled the soiled dildo out and threw it to one
side as Chad rolled off of the man.  She hugged him as she said
gleefully, "Thank you for doing that for me.  It was great."
     "Yeah.  It was good.  I think I would like to try some
other stuff with guys while you watch," he replied.
     "You're the best," Paula said as she kissed him.
     The man jumped off the table and pulled up his pants.
Fully dressed, he said something to the three young people as he
bowed.  Brandi didn't know exactly what he was saying, but she
thought she got the general meaning.  When he raised, she leaned
over and kissed him on the cheek and said softly, "You're wel-
come."
     He nodded slightly and left them alone on the stage.
     Chad stood and started gathering his clothes.  Paula and
Brandi followed his lead.  They were all spent from the night's
activities.  Once they were dressed they left the auditorium.
     In the car on the way home, Paula asked, "Brandi, what
are you going to do now that we're out of school?"
     Brandi shrugged and answered, "I don't know.  I thought I
might do some traveling.  Hitchhike across the country or some-
thing like that.  How about you two?"
     Chad said lightly, "We're going to stick around here for
a year so I can finish school.  Besides, I've got to let Paula
fulfill all of the male and some of the female graduates' sexual
fantasies.  After that, we'll probably go to California so I can
fulfill all of those bikini clad beach bunnies' sexual
fantasies."
     "Sounds like fun," Brandi said.  "Maybe I'll meet you
there."
 
================================================================
 
Chapter 5
On The Road
 
     A week after graduation, Brandi left town.  She had
packed a backpack with her clothes and essentials.  Her long
cross country journey was beginning.  She stopped by Paula's
house on the way out of town to say goodbye.  Chad was there with
her.
     "So you decided it was time to hit the road," Chad said.
     "Just stay in touch so we can arrange to meet in Califor-
nia in a year," Paula said.
     Brandi kissed both of them long and passionately.  "Don't
worry.  I will.  I can hardly wait.  I know we're going to have a
lot of fun," she assured.
     At last she was out of her home town.  It was five hours
walking distance to the main highway.  She traveled at a leisure-
ly pace most of the way, enjoying the smell of the fresh breeze
as it blew through the woods.
     Once she reached the highway, she headed west.  About two
hours down the road, she met two very lovely young girls hitch-
hiking together.  They looked over her body that was clad in a
tube top and tight jeans as she approached them.  They smiled at
her a little more than kindly after glancing at each other.
     "Hello, my name is Devon," greeted the shorter girl.  She
had shoulder length auburn hair and hazel eyes.  Her miniskirt
was just able to cover her full ass and her unrestrained tits
were straining to burst from her white, cotton blouse.
     "And I'm Angel," said the other.  She had long black hair
that reached the middle of her back and brown eyes.  She wore a
pair of extremely short cutoffs and a white bikini top covered by
an opened white blouse.  The bikini top was obviously a size or
two too small for her ample breasts.
     They walked together as they talked.  Brandi discovered
that the girls were sixteen year old twin sisters and she noticed
that despite the differences of hair and eye colors the two girls
looked remarkably alike.  Both of their parents had died seven
years ago.  They had been shuffled from one foster home to the
next since then.  The families were either too poor to keep them
long or one of the members was abusive towards them.  Reports of
abuse fell on deaf ears so the girls finally decided to run away
the year earlier.  They had been hitchhiking across the country
since then with no particular destination in mind.
     When night started to fall, the three girls were getting
really tired from their long walk.  Traffic on the highway was
sparse now.  Just down the road they could see a sign for a
roadside inn.  Glad for the place to sleep, the three girls
headed there.
     The three beauties walked to the door of the motel lobby.
There was a middle-aged man, who Brandi thought was very attrac-
tive, standing behind the counter.  He didn't notice them stand-
ing outside.
     Brandi started to dig in her purse for some money to help
pay for the room, but Devon grabbed her arm and pulled her around
the corner of the building.  "We won't need any money," she said
matter of factly as she unbuttoned her blouse.
     Brandi looked at Angel, who had slipped around the corner
before them.  She was standing before them wearing only a string
bikini.  The bottoms fit like the top did.  The lips of her pussy
were just covered and only a string ran up the crack of her ass
so that her entire ass was visible.  Brandi returned her atten-
tion to Devon and saw that she had opened her blouse to let her
tits be seen easily.
     "You don't need to come in if you don't want to, Brandi,"
said Angel, as she noticed the surprised look on Brandi's face.
     "Yeah, we've done this lots of times," added Devon.
     Brandi didn't know if she was ready to help in such a
venture so she graciously accepted there offer to remain outside.
She watched from the lobby door as the two sisters entered the
office.  The man looked up and looked at them suspiciously.
Brandi opened the door so she could hear what was being said
without being seen.
     "Good evening, ladies," said the manager.
     "Hi," said Angel.  "We would like a room for the night."
     "I'll need to see some identification," he said plainly.
     "Why?" asked Devon.
     "It's illegal to rent rooms to minors that aren't accom-
panied by a person over the age of eighteen," stated the manager.
     "Isn't there anything we can do to bypass that?" asked
Devon suggestively spreading her blouse even wider open.
     "Absolutely not.  The last thing I need is to get busted
for having sex with minors," he responded.
     He at least knew what they wanted, but there was no way
he was going to accept their offer as it was.  Brandi made a
quick decision.  She stripped off all of her clothes and walked
into the office carrying her purse.  The manager's eyes froze on
her naked figure as she approached them.  The two girls stared at
her in a very appreciative manner.
     "Are we having a problem about not having any money,
girls?" asked Brandi innocently.
     Catching on, Angel said, "We hadn't mentioned that yet."
     "Then what's the problem?"
     "We can't rent the room without an adult."
     "That's no problem," assured Brandi as she pulled out her
driver's license and handed it to the manager.
     He nodded, not really looking at the license before he
handed it back to her.  "What are you planning on paying with?"
he asked hoarsely.
     Brandi stepped back from the counter to let him see her
body fully again.  "Will this about cover it?" she asked as she
slid her hands down her side seductively.
     Without answering, he pulled out a key and handed it to
Angel.  Brandi winked at him and said, "I'll be ready to pay you
after we get settled."
     "I'll give you fifteen minutes," said the man as the
three girls left.
     They picked up there things and walked to their room.
When they entered the room, Brandi excused herself to take a
quick shower.  She returned five minutes later to find Devon and
Angel lying on the king size bed together.  They were pressing
their naked bodies together as they French kissed.  They looked
up when Brandi gasped from the surprise of seeing the sisters
fondling each other.
     The girls parted and left an opening wide enough for
Brandi between them.  "Sorry about that," said Angel.  "We should
have told you that we like to indulge in sisterly incest.  I hope
that doesn't offend you."
     "Not at all," assured Brandi once she recovered from the
initial shock.  "You just surprised me.  I actually find it very
exciting."
     Before Brandi could join them on the bed, someone
knocked.  Brandi looked through the peephole and saw the manager
pacing nervously in front of the door.  She opened the door and
let him enter the room after Angel turned out all the lights,
making the room almost pitch black.
     Without a word, the manager ripped off his clothes and
embraced Brandi.  He thrust his tongue between her lips and
sucked her saliva into his mouth.  As he squeezed her ass with
his hands, he pushed her stomach against his so she could feel
his rigid staff, which seemed to be of average size, press
against her skin.
     Brandi broke away and laid in the middle of the bed.  The
two girls, she noticed, had moved into the shadows by the bed.
The manager followed her and placed his muscular body on top of
hers.  She allowed him to suck on her erect tits for several
minutes.  He sent bolts of electricity through her as he nibbled
and kissed her hard nipples.
     Finally, Brandi had him get on his back.  She needed to
feel his cock inside her cunt and she could tell that the sisters
were anxious to get into the act.  She straddled his waist and
took his prick in her hands.
     "Wait!  I want to eat your pussy first," the man begged.
     Before Brandi could answer, Angel turned on the light and
jumped onto the bed.  Straddling his head facing Brandi, she
said, "You can eat my pussy while she fucks you."
     "But you're a minor," protested the man nervously.
     "I'm not tonight," replied Angel sternly as she lowered
her pussy into his gaping mouth.
     Brandi, realizing by the muffled sounds coming from
Angel's crotch and the look of ecstasy on her face that he would
offer no more protests about having sex with the two sisters,
slowly lowered herself on the man's cock.  She noticed that it
filled her more than she thought it would.  She knew it must have
grown another three inches after the embrace at the door.
     As Brandi bounced up and down on the manager's cock, she
felt Devon touch her hips and kiss the back of her neck.  The
kisses trailed down her back before she felt a sudden jerk of the
manager's hips.  She turned to see that Devon had sucked his
balls into her mouth.  They didn't stay there long as Devon
continued her journey downward towards his asshole.
     Brandi was going to watch Devon's work, but she was
suddenly distracted by a sucking on her tits.  Angel was leaning
over and biting her nipples gently.  Brandi reached under Angel
and began squeezing her tits in return.  Brandi then felt a
slight pressure at her asshole and encouraged Devon, "Oh, yes.
Fuck me with your fingers.  Stick those fingers up my ass."
     As Devon pushed her finger into Brandi's tight bunghole,
Angel tensed and flooded the manager's mouth with her cum.  The
surprise butt fuck quickly brought Brandi over the edge too.  She
felt her juices cover his cock inside her.
     When the two girls finished cumming, Devon raised from
her work and said urgently, "Move, Brandi.  I want to take him in
the mouth."
     Brandi jumped to one side just in time.  As Devon inhaled
the manager's cock, he tensed and shot a huge load of white,
sticky cum down her throat.  After four thrusts, Devon licked up
the remaining cum and sat up.  Licking her lips as she laid on
her back, Devon said, "That was good cum, mister.  Are you ready
to sixty-nine me, Angel?"
     Without answering, Angel climbed over Devon and lowered
her cunt to her sister's waiting lips.  As she felt Devon's
tongue stab at her pussy, she buried her own face in Devon's
pussy.  Brandi and the manager watched as the sisters bucked and
screamed on the bed next to them.
     After watching for a while, the manager's cock started
rising again.  He unconsciously started stroking it lazily.  As
he watched Devon and Angel tense and orgasm into each other's
mouth, he pulled Brandi towards him as he laid on his back.
"That looked like fun," he hinted.
     Brandi agreed.  She straddled his head and lowered her
pussy to his opened mouth.  A sharp, chilling sensation shot up
her back as he sucked hard on her clit.  She lowered herself to
his waiting cock.  She licked its length as her pussy fought with
his tongue.
     As she gave the man the blow job of his life, Brandi felt
several fingers with long nails caressing her ass.  She looked
back and saw Devon probing at her asshole again.  She obviously
loved anal activity.  Suddenly inspired by all of the oral activ-
ities, Brandi said gasping, "You seem to like my ass so much,
Devon, why don't you use that expert tongue of yours and lick
it."
     That was all the encouragement Devon needed.  She placed
her lips around Brandi's tight anus and, with the ease of an
expert, thrust her powerful tongue into its darkness.  She moaned
with joy as she worked on Brandi's ass.
     As Brandi continued her cock sucking, Angel lowered her
face to the manager's asshole.  Brandi watched as the girl's
tongue disappeared repeatedly in and out of his puckering anus.
Angel obviously liked what she was doing though she didn't seem
to be as assertive about it as her sister.
     Before long Brandi and the manager were bucking wildly,
approaching their orgasms.  Angel raised her head so her face was
level with Brandi's.  "Mind if I share some of that hot cum he's
about to deliver?" she asked.
     Brandi nodded and raised her lips to the top of the man's
dick.  Angel placed her lips right next to Brandi's.  The two
girls began kissing each other passionately with the tip of his
cock in their mouths.  Brandi jerked him off with her hands as
Angel slipped her fingers up his ass.
     Brandi came first.  She felt a gush of her cum flood into
the manager's open mouth.  He eagerly licked it all out of her as
he moaned his approval.
     Angel and Brandi then felt the surge of his own orgasm
rising in his loins.  They sucked hard on his cock.  His cum shot
into the girls' mouths as they passed it back and forth during
their kissing.  His load was so large that they almost couldn't
hold it all in their mouths even though they were both working
feverishly to do the job.
     When the girls finished cleaning him, he stood and got
dressed.  "I've got to get back to work before my employees start
getting suspicious," he said.  Before he left, he dug in his
pockets and pulled out a wad of money.  He handed each girl one
hundred dollars and said, "That was a great fuck girls, but it's
not the safest way to get a place to sleep.  Try using this next
time."
     Alone in the room, the three girls looked at each other
satisfied with themselves, but not quite sexually satisfied.
Angel asked, "Are you two still as horny as I am?"
     Devon and Brandi nodded at her.
     "Let's eat each other out in a triangle," she suggested.
     Brandi had never seen three women having sex together so
she didn't know what Angel was talking about.  It soon became
clear as Devon and Angel laid on there sides.  Devon placed her
face in Angel's crotch and began eating her sister out again.
Brandi took her place in the formation.  As she buried her face
in Devon's pussy, she felt Angel licking her clit.  The trio of
girls sucked and slurped at each other until they all came in
several massive multiple orgasm.  They switched positions several
times so that each one got to have a mouthful of the other two
girls' cum.
     After nearly half an hour of this, the girls finally
started getting tired.  Brandi was thirsty, but no one had both-
ered getting any ice before they paid their rent.  She took the
bucket at the sink and opened the front door.  Since it was so
late and there was only one other guest's car at the motel,
Brandi figured it was safe to walk to the ice machine on the back
side of the motel without putting on her clothes.
     She filled her bucket with ice and closed the machine's
door without hearing the man behind her.  She jumped when she
turned around and bumped into him.  She started to scream as she
tried futilely to cover herself with the ice bucket.
     Motioning her to be quiet, he whispered, "I'm sorry I
startled you.  I saw you walk by my window and had to be sure I
wasn't dreaming."
     Brandi looked the stranger over curiously.  He was barely
more dressed than she was.  All he wore was a pair of men's
bikini briefs.  She could see the large bulge growing at his
crotch.  He didn't seem to care that she stared at it.
     "My name's Bill Tate.  My wife and I are on our way home
to California from our honeymoon.  We were continuing to consum-
mate our marriage when I saw you," he explained.
     "And you just had to follow me," Brandi added with a
grin, letting him have a full view of her body.
     "I told her I needed to take a walk and regain my
strength before we continued."
     "But you really didn't need to rest at all?"
     "No."
     "Well, I guess it would be rude of me if I didn't give
the new groom a nice wedding present," offered Brandi as she set
the bucket of ice on the machine.  When she turned back towards
Bill, he had pulled off his underwear.  His nine inch pole stood
waving at her.
     "I can only stay gone for a few minutes or she'll come
looking for me so we'll have to make this a quick fuck," he said
in a tone that made it clear that he wished he could spend some
time to do the job right.
     "That's all right, Bill," Brandi reassured as he embraced
her.  "I've been busy tonight and could probably only last one
round anyway."
     With that said he kissed her fully on the lips and thrust
his big cock into her cunt.  She fell against the ice machine
under the force of the action.  He drove faster and faster,
squeezing her tits as he did.  The thought of fucking this newly
married man had excited Brandi as much as Bill's thought of
fucking this beautiful stranger had aroused him.  They both came
at the same time, filling Brandi's pussy with their white potion.
     Bill kept his cock inside Brandi for a few minutes as
they talked.  "What's your name?" he asked.
     "Brandi Thompson.  I wish we had more time."
     "So do I.  Where are you headed?"
     "I was going to meet some friends in California in about
a year.  I thought I might go there and have a look around while
I wait for them.  Where are you going to be?"
     "We live in Long Beach.  We have a nice house on the
beach.  Maybe you could look us up when you get there.  I'm sure
I can manage to sneak out for a while there."
     "If we get caught, I'll just have to convince your wife
of how irresistible I am."
     Looking a little shocked, Bill said, "You mean you would
fuck my wife?  That I would love to see."
     "Come up with a plan and we'll show her a really good
time."
     "All right.  I better get back though.  She's probably
wondering what happened to me," he said as he put his underwear
back on.
     "If I were her, I would worry too.  I don't think I could
wait long between nice long fucks with you.  Keep her happy with
that cock until I can get hold of her."
     "I will," he said as he kissed her again.  "See you
around."
     Brandi watched him disappear around the corner.  She took
her ice and walked back to her room.  When she entered, Angel and
Devon were just climaxing in a sixty-nine again.  She thought it
was amazing how much the sisters liked eating each other's pussy.
     Angel looked up when they were finished and asked, "Did
you have to freeze the water yourself?"
     "Yeah, what took you so long?" Devon added.
     "I had to deliver a wedding present to someone," Brandi
answered simply.
     Angel and Devon saw the cum dripping from her cunt and
grinned.  Brandi climbed into bed between the sisters and they
all fell asleep after Brandi was cleaned by two cum hungry
tongues.
 
===============================================================
 
Chapter 6
Waitressing
 
     Early the next morning Brandi woke to an empty room.  The
sisters had left her a note telling her how much they had enjoyed
the last night.  She hoped she might meet them again sometime in
the future.
     After showering, Brandi gathered her things and went on
her way.  She began getting hungry two hours away from the motel.
She would have eaten before she left, but there was no restaurant
near it.
     Another hour passed with no sign of a place to eat in
sight.  Brandi heard a car stop behind her.  She turned and saw a
black haired man in a pickup.  He poked his head out his window
and asked, "Where ya headed?"
     "Anywhere you are if it has a place to eat," she an-
swered.
     "This is yer lucky day then, little lady.  My cafe is
just down the road.  Hop in and I'll take ya there."
     She climbed into his truck.  He looked like he was in his
late forties.  Silver streaks could be seen in his hair.  His
features were pleasant to look at, though he looked toughened by
hard work.
     He took her to his cafe.  As Brandi stepped out of the
truck, she read the hand painted sign over the door.  "Lou's
Cafe.  You must be Lou then," she smiled.
     "That I am.  Lou Hampton.  What might yer name be?"
     "Brandi.  Brandi Thompson."
     As he cooked a nice country style breakfast for them,
Brandi told him about her plans.  He listened intently.  When she
was finished telling her tale, he told her his life story.
     Finally, he said, "Ya know, darlin', California is an
awful expensive place to live.  I could use some help round here
for a while.  Since you don't need to be in California for a
while yet, why don't ya stay and help me out.  I'll pay ya fair
and you'll never eat better anywhere else ya go," he added with a
sly grin, after a brief pause, "I might even throw in a few
fringe benefits if yer up to it."
     Brandi looked up from her breakfast and saw how he was
looking at her breasts.  She was wearing a white tube-top.  It
was so hot already that she had been sweating and the material
had become transparent.  Feeling a sudden need to have him touch-
ing her body, she asked, "How much time do we have before you
open this joint to the general public?"
     "'Bout an hour," he said, licking his lips.
     "Plenty of time to open up some employee-management
relations," Brandi said as she stood.  She reached down and
pulled the tube-top over her head.  Her tits bounced free.  They
jutted out at Lou as if they were trying to reach his mouth on
their own.
     As Brandi removed her jeans, Lou stripped behind the
counter.  Brandi hadn't worn any panties.  Lou stared at here
bare pussy as he dropped his pants and underwear.  His cock was
standing rigidly at attention.
     "Lie down on the counter and show me how to serve a meal
to a hungry customer," Brandi said hotly.
     Lou laid on his back on the counter.  He reached behind
her head and pushed it towards his dick.  As she began licking
his cock, he fingered her pussy and asshole.
     Brandi licked and sucked Lou's balls as she admired his
nine inch long cock.  She stroked it with her hands, making it
harder.  Finally, she placed her lips around his glans and teased
him with her tongue.  He squirmed and moaned under her tongue's
loving caresses.
     Slowly she sucked his cock into her mouth.  She let her
tongue glide down his length as she descended.  He filled her
mouth completely.  She could feel him inserting several fingers
into her pussy and his thumb rubbing her clit.  The finger fuck-
ing drove her crazy and she began pumping his prick in her mouth
quickly.
     After several minutes, Brandi raised her head and
screamed.  Her stomach tensed and a flood of cum ran out of her
pussy.  Lou's hand kept working on her until she slumped over his
waist.  Her knees felt like rubber after the orgasm.
     "Get up here and let me clean ya up," Lou said.
     Without letting his cock slide out of her mouth, Brandi
jumped onto the counter and straddled Lou's head.  She lowered
her hips to his reaching tongue.  The warmth of his moist oral
phallus probed every corner of her womanhood.  Her mind reeled as
he licked her clit lightly.
     His feast on her cunt brought her back to the edge of
release quickly.  Desperate for them to cum simultaneously,
Brandi pounded up and down on his cock furiously with her hands
as she sucked hard on its head.  Soon she felt the surge of his
white lava rising in his groin.  Her frantic efforts were reward-
ed with a sudden thrust of Lou's hips and several large spurts of
cum as she gave her own juices to him.  Her mouth slurped on the
erupting dick and her throat worked valiantly to swallow every
last drop.
     When they were both cleaned, Lou sat up and told Brandi,
"I'm afraid we need to get ready for our customers.  Besides, I'm
not as young as I used to be and I can't shoot more than once a
day any more."
     "I don't know if I can stay satisfied with that even as
good as it is," Brandi replied.
     "Just serve the customers what they want, honey.  You'll
be plenty satisfied."  He dug in a drawer and pulled out a wait-
ress' uniform.  Handing the uniform to Brandi, he added, "Wear
this and I guarantee y'all get all the action and money ya need."
     Brandi put on the uniform without any underwear.  It was
backless and the neck made a deep V that stopped at her navel,
showing most of her tits.  The skirt only went half way over her
bare ass.  She admired herself in the mirror by the door as Lou
put his clothes back on.
     "I really look hot in this," Brandi admitted proudly.
     "Ya sure do.  The customers'll be pleased," Lou agreed
happily.
     Business was light, as Lou said it usually was.  All of
the customers were either local men or truck drivers.  Everyone
admired Brandi's body.  Some, spending so much time staring at
her, barely touched their food.  Most felt and squeezed her ass
several times before they left.  She made tips that would have
made most waitresses faint with disbelief.
     As word of her presence spread, the cafe boomed with
business.  Every day Brandi served hordes of groping men.  She
really enjoyed the attention her ass got.  A few of the bolder
men even felt her pussy.  Lou seemed to enjoy the attention she
got too.  They would fuck together about once a week, but the
rest of the time he was content to watch her have her fun with
the costumers.
     Brandi noticed at the end of the day about two months
later that one of the customers that was sitting in an isolated
corner had stayed to watch her clean up.  She loved the feel of
his penetrating eyes follow her every move.  His head was all she
could see from behind the counter, but she could tell that he was
a strong, handsome man.
     When she was finished behind the counter, she turned to
see if the man was still there.  She was disappointed when she
didn't see him watching her.  She walked over to the table to see
if anything needed cleaning there and hoping that he was still
there.
     She gasped as she saw the man sitting in his chair before
her totally naked.  He had apparently stripped while she was
working and placed his clothes on the table.  His hand was strok-
ing his eight inch cock slowly.  He smiled at her and said, "I've
heard that all that touching you get really gets you hot."
     Brandi felt a bolt of excitement shoot between her legs
at the offer.  Her pussy had been dripping all day after being
fondled by every man that had come in.  The thought of this man's
prick swelling inside of her made her really horny.  "I am a
little hot," Brandi managed to tease, though she wanted to jump
on him immediately.  "You offering to cool me down?"
     The man stood and pulled the uniform off of her in one
motion.  She stood before him shivering with anticipation as
sweat rolled down her body.  "Any special requests?" he asked as
he caressed her tits.
     "Just fuck me.  I've been waiting all day.  Just fuck
me," Brandi demanded as she pulled him close to her and kissed
him deeply.
     As their tongues clashed, he obeyed her order.  Brandi
jumped as she felt the head of his cock rub against her clit.
She reached down with one hand and rubbed it against her throb-
bing clit some more, moaning breathlessly as she stimulated
herself.  Before long, she was tensing and cum was dripping out
of her cunt.
     The man laid her on the table gently.  His tongue jour-
neyed down her chin and neck slowly.  He licked in slow circles
around her swollen tits.  When she squealed at his licking, he
took one nipple in his mouth and sucked hard.  Her hand on the
back of his head pushing him hard into her chest assured him that
she enjoyed it.  After he spent several pleasurable minutes on
that tit, he moved to the other and repeated his actions.
     Brandi finally couldn't wait to cum again.  She pushed
his head down towards her waist and begged, "Please, eat me now.
My cunt's dripping wet.  God, it's hungry for your tongue."
     The man trailed his tongue down to her waist.  He placed
his lips over the outer edge of her cunt lips.  As he slid his
tongue into her snatch, he sucked as hard as he could.  Brandi
screamed and wretched on the table.  With each thrust, he sucked
and each time Brandi responded the same way.  She soon spasmed
again and a flood of white cum poured out of her pussy into his
opened mouth.  He ravenously licked up every last drop she re-
leased to him.
     After his feast, he crawled on top of her and kissed her
on the neck.  Brandi lifted his head to her face and kissed him
on the mouth.  Their tongues searched every recess of the other's
mouth.  They stopped only briefly for short gasps of breath as
they laid entwined.
     Finally ready for one last orgasm, Brandi told the man
panting, "I want you to fuck me now."
     The man stood between her legs at the end of the table
and looked at her crotch.  He thought for a moment and then
asked, "Where do you want it?"
     She was so hot she really didn't care as long as his cock
filled her up.  She smiled at him and answered, "It doesn't
matter.  Just stuff that fucking cock in me and ride me hard."
     The man guided his cock slowly into Brandi's pussy.  He
pumped it into her a few times very slowly.  Brandi was ready to
tell him to go faster when he pulled out of her completely.  She
moaned disappointedly as his cock left her empty.  "What are you
doing?" she asked drowsily.
     Without answering her question, he grabbed her ass and
lifted her waist slightly.  Brandi felt a slight pressure against
her tight asshole.  Before she could encourage the man, he
slammed his entire length into her rectum.  Brandi screamed with
the sudden sharp pain of his sudden presence.  He stood still
until the initial pain disappeared to be replaced by a pleasant
filled feeling.
     She reached down and began sliding the fingers of one
hand into her pussy while she rubbed her clit with the other.
Realizing that the pain had subsided, the man began pumping very
slowly in and out of her ass.  The tightness brought him close to
climaxing quickly and he had to stop several times to let the
sensation die.  He wanted to shoot his load, but she begged him
to wait until she was ready so they could do it together.
     Five minutes later, Brandi's stomach tensed slightly and
she yelled, "Oh, God, here it comes.  Pump it hard.  I'm ready to
cum."
     The man started slamming his meat in her ass relentless-
ly.  Within seconds, Brandi lifted her stomach and screamed as
she felt the warmth of her cum fill her cunt.  The man yelled
too, as his cock swelled and his cum surged through it in large
spurts.  As her cunt filled with her own juices, she could feel
her ass overflowing with the man's.  When he was spent, he
slumped down on top of her and kissed her again.
     "You're so hot I think I can get another load that size
ready pretty soon.  Would you like to wait or do you have some-
thing else you would rather be doing?" he asked.
     "There's nothing more I want than to fuck you," Brandi
answered.  "I assume you know my name.  What's yours?"
     "John Hampton."
     "Are you related to Lou?"
     "He's my uncle.  I pass through every now and then to see
how he's doing.  With you around, he must be doing pretty well
though."
     "You could say that.  He'll be back soon."
     "How soon?"
     "About twenty minutes."
     "Good.  That will give us both plenty of time to rest
before he gets here.  Have you ever fucked two guys at once?"
     "No.  The closest I've come was a guy and a girl with a
dildo."
     "Well, I think you'll find much more satisfaction from
two guys."
     Brandi and John finished cleaning the cafe.  Neither
bothered dressing.  They talked until Lou came back, getting
better acquainted.  Not long after they started their conversa-
tion, Lou walked in the front door.
     "John!  How are ya, son?" Lou boomed when he saw his
nephew.
     "Hi, Lou.  You found yourself a fine waitress.  She
serves her customers well.  Of course, I'm sure you get your fair
share of her services."
     "That I do.  I see ya tried her out.  Either she didn't
do her best or ya really have got it bad for her."
     Brandi looked at John's cock.  It was beginning to rise
again.  She licked her lips and said, "We were just resting while
we waited for you.  John wanted both of you to fuck me at the
same time."
     Lou looked at John and Brandi and smiled.  As he took off
his clothes, he replied, "That sounds like a winner to me.  It's
been a long time since I've shared someone with John."
     Brandi looked at him with mild surprise.  "You mean you
two have done this before?" she asked.
     John answered, "Yes.  We've shared other men and women.
We started when I was eighteen.  I stayed with him for the summer
and we started fucking each other.  Not long after that, I
brought one of my girlfriends home and shared her with him."
     "When you two did it together, did you butt fuck each
other?" Brandi asked hopefully.
     "Yes, we did," Lou answered, stroking his rigid cock.
"Would you like a demonstration?"
     "Oh, yes."
     Lou bent over the counter and spread his legs wide.  John
stood behind him and began fingering Lou's asshole.  Brandi knelt
under the two men to get a good view of the action.  She slid her
fingers into her pussy and soaked them in her juices.  When they
were good and wet, she lubricated John's cock.
     John smiled down reassuringly at her as he placed the
head of his dick at his uncle's rectum.  He pushed the head in
slowly, watching Brandi's expression as she watched it disappear.
She reached up and played with his balls as he sunk the rest of
his length into Lou's ass.  Lou let out a grunt as his nephew
inched his prick into his asshole.
     Brandi watched as John fucked Lou.  Eventually she had to
get involved too.  She took Lou's cock and engulfed it without a
warning.  Lou moaned at the sudden pleasure of her sucking mouth
on his rod.  The unexpected blow job and the butt fuck were more
than he could stand.  Brandi felt a surge build through his cock.
Without delay, several large spurts of Lou's thick cum filled her
mouth and slid down her throat.  It was the most cum he had given
her since she met him.  The added stimulation of his nephew's
presence had really turned him on.
     After cleaning Lou's wet cock, Brandi stood and laid on a
nearby table.  As she spread her legs, she said, "Let's see if
you can shoot another load, Lou.  I want both of you to fuck me
and shoot your cum in my twin holes."
     John pulled out of Lou and walked over to Brandi.  He
shoved his cock into her cunt in one thrust.  She sat up and let
John pick her up as Lou laid down under her.  When he was in
position, John lowered Brandi again, letting Lou guide his cock
into Brandi's asshole.  When the head of Lou's dick was in her,
John slowed the descent.
     Brandi broke the kiss they were enjoying and said, "What
are you slowing down for.  Drop me on his cock."
     John complied.  Her weight brought her down quickly and
Lou's cock shot up through her bowels like a rocket.  Brandi
screamed as she slammed into Lou's waist.  Without waiting for
the pain to stop, Brandi brought her legs under her and began
lifting and dropping herself on the two men.  The feel of two
real dicks filling both of her holes was even better than she had
imagined.  She could almost feel the blood pumping through their
stiff poles as they slammed in and out of her.
     John had to pull out of Brandi a couple of times to avoid
ejaculating before Lou was ready.  Finally, Brandi shrieked as
she felt the two men shoot their cum into her simultaneously.  A
second later she exploded in her own cum spurting orgasm.  The
three of them bucked and bumped until they were all spent.
     Lou sat up and kissed Brandi on the back of the neck.  "I
haven't cum twice in a day for a long time."
     "That's just because I wasn't here to help you along,"
said John with a grin.  "Say, Brandi.  I know of this place just
the other side of the Nevada-California border that you might
like to work at."
     "Really.  What is it?"
     "It's a bar with strippers.  With your body, you would be
a great stripper.  It gets pretty wild sometimes, but the guys
that go there are okay.  I could take you there if you'd like."
     "That sounds like fun.  I hope you don't mind if I go,
Lou."
     Lou kissed her again.  "Don't worry, doll.  I knew ya
weren't staying and that's right in the direction ya were head-
ing.  Have a good time."
     The three of them cleaned up there mess and went to bed
together.  The next morning, John and Brandi headed west.
