 
 
 
 
Chapter 7
The Interview
 
     The next day, around one, John and Brandi drove into the
small town where the bar, The Hot Spot, was located.  It wasn't
really much of a town, just the bar and a few small houses and
trailers on the side of the road.  There were only four cars
parked in sight.  A light through a crack in the front door
showed that someone was in the bar.
     "Come on in and I'll introduce you to Pam before I head
out," John said as he got out of the truck.
     Brandi followed him into the wooden building.  The bar
was a little cleaner than the outside appearance suggested.  The
bar was to the left as they walked in.  There was a small stage
directly ahead of them.  Tables filled the rest of the room.
John led her to the door behind the counter.
     Pam came out of the office when John knocked.  "Hi,
John," Pam greeted as she kissed him on the cheek.  As she looked
Brandi over, she added, "And who is this beautiful creature?"
     "This is Brandi.  I thought the oil field workers might
like her," John answered.
     "If she looks half as good out of those tight clothes as
she does in them, they won't be able to get enough of her.  Does
she know what the job requires?"
     "I figured you could cover that during the interview.
I've got to go though.  I'll be sure and stop in on my way back
to see how things are coming."
     John left the two women alone.  Pam smiled at Brandi and
said, "Well, let's see what you've got hidden in there.  I'll
show you what to do first then you can try."
     Pam walked onto the stage.  Brandi followed close behind
and sat in a chair up front.  She watched Pam's tight ass sway
back and forth as she strode sensuously to the stage.  Her cut-
offs were skin tight like Brandi's.  She was wearing a loose,
white blouse that was half unbuttoned, just enough so Brandi
could see all of Pam's cleavage without showing her tits.
     Pam walked to the side of the stage and turned on a tape
player.  As the music started, she danced seductively towards
Brandi.  When she was just in front of Brandi, Pam slowly unbut-
toned her blouse the rest of the way as she swung her hips in a
slow circle.  When the blouse was off, exposing her breasts that
bulged in the lace bra, Pam threw it at Brandi's feet.
     Pam began dancing around the stage and Brandi watched her
tight ass swing from side to side.  Pam unfastened her shorts and
let them fall to the floor.  Brandi was offered a full view of
Pam's ass because the panties she was wearing gathered in her
crack.  When Pam turned around and kicked the shorts across the
bar, Brandi saw that the thin, wet fabric was barely able to
cover her pussy.
     As Brandi stared at Pam's pussy, Pam reached behind her
back and unfastened her bra.  Brandi jumped when Pam threw the
bra in her lap.  Pam's tits were hard and erect as they jiggled
in rhythm to her dance.  She squeezed her nipples and pulled on
them as she leaned over to let Brandi have a really good look at
them.
     After dancing around the stage one more time, Pam walked
down to where Brandi was sitting.  "Now," Pam said, breathing a
little heavily, "go do what I just did."
     Brandi got up on the stage and performed as she had seen
Pam do.  She felt awkward because she had never done a striptease
dance before, but knowing that Pam was watching her made it
easier.  As her strip continued, Brandi noticed that Pam had
removed her panties.  As she dropped her bra in front of Pam,
Brandi almost fell as she gasped at the sight of Pam sliding her
fingers into her shaven pussy.  Pam was so lost in her rapture
that she didn't notice when Brandi climbed off the stage in front
of her.
     Brandi leaned over Pam's body and planted a deep kiss on
the unsuspecting woman's mouth.  Their tongues wrestled back and
forth as their breaths came quicker.  Each felt and squeezed the
other's tits as they joined their mouths together in their oral
communion of desire.
     After several minutes of kissing, Brandi knelt in front
of Pam and trailed her tongue to the older woman's firm breasts.
She circled the mounds of flesh with her licks.  Finally, she
placed her lips over one of the nipples and began nibbling and
sucking gently.
     "Oh, God, yes," Pam cried.  "Suck my tits, girl."
     Brandi moved to the other breast and repeated the slow,
sensual motions.  She feasted on the other tit for several
minutes.  The heat had gotten to both of them by now and the
added exertion of their love making was making beads of sweat
rise all over their bodies.  The sweet taste of Pam's sweat
covered tits drove Brandi wild.  She could barely get enough of
the taste.
     Finally, Pam couldn't wait for her turn to please Brandi.
She pushed the girl back towards the stage.  Brandi laid at the
edge of the stage willingly.  Pam, after exchanging another
passionate kiss with Brandi, indulged in a feast of the young
woman's tits.  The moans that Brandi uttered, mixed with the
taste of her sweat covered breasts, really got Pam hot.  She was
sucking wildly at Brandi's chest, barely realizing exactly what
she was doing, but thoroughly enjoying every minute of it.
     Shortly, Pam raised her head and, in a deep, raspy,
gasping voice said, "I've got to eat you out.  I can't wait any
longer to taste your cunt juices."  Without any further warning,
Pam ripped the thin string of Brandi's panties and tore them from
her body.
     Before Brandi could accommodate Pam's urgency, she had
been spun around and her legs spread wide.  Pam spared no ceremo-
ny in beginning her ravenous feast.  Brandi felt the rapid
thrusts of the woman's tongue darting in and out of her pussy.
Sporadically, Pam would lick around Brandi's hard clit and suck
on it hurriedly.  The uncontrolled, almost panicky, yet thorough
eating, Brandi was receiving brought her to the brink of climax
rapidly.
     As she reached down and pulled Pam's face farther into
her groin, Brandi screamed, "Eat me, Pam.  I'm gonna cum in your
face any minute.  Here it comes."
     With that, her ass raised off the floor and her stomach
tensed.  She screamed and moaned loudly as the flood of warm,
white juices flowed through her body.  She felt Pam's eager
efforts inside her cunt to lap up all of the love potion that she
released.  Pam's rhythm slowed to a steadier pace as she finished
cleaning Brandi's spasming pussy until she finally withdrew in
satisfied triumph.
     "God, I've never lost control like that before," Pam
admitted, almost self-consciously.  "I must have needed some
action with another woman more than I realized."
     Brandi sat up on her elbows and said, "I sure hope you're
not going to quit on me now.  I still want to eat you out."
     Pam smiled at her.  "We're not through by a long shot,
Brandi.  With that hot body of yours and your eagerness, I could
lie around here and fuck you all day long."
     "That sounds like a great idea to me.  Climb up here and
let me taste that dripping cunt you were fingering earlier."
     Pam climbed onto the stage and straddled Brandi's head.
When she looked down at Brandi, she realized how the young woman
was staring at her smooth cunt.  "You ever eaten a shaven pussy
before?" Pam asked.
     "No," Brandi answered distractedly.
     "Well, you're in for a real treat."  With that, Pam sat
on Brandi's gaping mouth.
     Brandi was caught off guard by the sudden action, but
managed to recover quickly.  The excitement of eating her first
hairless snatch was overpowering.  All of the passion that Pam
had shown for her cunt, Brandi now felt for Pam's.
     Brandi's strong tongue made circles inside Pam's cunt.
As Brandi rotated her tongue, Pam rolled her hips in the opposite
direction.  The farther Brandi tried to insert her tongue the
harder Pam pressed her body on her mouth.
     Brandi reached up and grabbed Pam's bouncing tits with
her hands and squeezed them as she continued her feast.  As she
did this, she moved her tongue towards Pam's clit.  As she
squeezed Pam's tits the first time, she sucked hard on the hard,
female penis.  Pam writhed and screamed uncontrollably at the
stimulation.  With each successive suck and squeeze, Pam came
closer and closer to orgasm.  Just before she exploded, Brandi
stopped to catch her breath.
     Unwilling to let the girl rest, Pam forced her pussy into
Brandi's mouth again.  "God, don't stop now," she shouted in
protest, "I'm almost there.  Make me cum."
     With renewed enthusiasm at the woman's need to climax,
Brandi continued her efforts on her erect clit.  Five minutes
later, the woman nearly threw herself off Brandi as she bucked
with her orgasm.  Brandi darted her tongue inside the warm cunt
and licked all of the cum Pam released.  The sweet taste of Pam's
cum and the salty taste of her sweat combined to give Brandi a
delicious tasting fluid.
     After the two women laid together, kissing and caressing
each other, Pam got up.  As she walked to the bar, she said,
"I've got something else I want to do with you before we get
ready for business."  She reached behind the bar and pulled out
two double headed dildoes.  Each dildo had two shafts that were
two inches in diameter and ten inches long.  There was a connect-
ing piece of black plastic that could be adjusted between three
and five inches long.  Before Pam brought them back, she used
some cooking oil to lubricate them both.
     When she got back, Pam waved the dildoes at Brandi sug-
gestively.  "I bet you've never seen any this big before," she
said sexily.
     "No, but they sure look like fun," Brandi said.
     "Have you ever had anything up your ass before?"
     "Nothing quite that big around, but I don't mind."
     "We'll take it slow then," Pam assured.
     Pam placed a head of one of the dildoes against Brandi's
tight asshole.  Brandi relaxed and spread her legs as wide as she
could as she felt the oily, rubber head pushed gently into her
anus.  It took nearly twenty minutes for Pam to inch the mon-
strous dong into Brandi.
     When it was in Brandi about eight inches, Pam picked up
the other dildo and asked, "How does that feel?"
     "It feels like I have the biggest, sexiest piece of shit
up my ass that I ever needed to shit," Brandi panted.
     "This gets better," Pam said.  She took the other dildo
and placed it inside Brandi's cunt.  She pushed it in the whole
ten inches before she stopped.  When she was happy with the
penetration, Pam made some adjustments to the black sections.
     Finally, Pam placed the two exposed heads at her two
openings and slowly began descending on them.  Being more accus-
tomed to the huge size, it didn't take her long to take the one
up the ass.  With all of their holes filled, Pam was lying on top
of Brandi.
     "This feels like I'm being fucked by you," Brandi said.
     "I know.  It feels the same way to me," replied Pam.  "I
had these made just for this purpose."
     Pam reached down and flipped a switch on each of the
dildoes.  Brandi squealed as the small electric motors began
rotating the huge shafts in their bodies.  As the vibrators
worked, Pam and Brandi embraced tightly, crushing their breasts
together as they stabbed inside each others' sensuous mouths with
their probing tongues.
     After several minutes, the couple rolled over so Brandi
was on top.  Pam reached down and flipped the switches again.
The throbbing from the vibrators increased in response.  Brandi
gasped as the two women continued to entwine their tongues.
     A couple of minutes later, both women were getting close
to climaxing again.  Pam reached down again and flipped the
vibrators' switches.  With the vibrators pounding mercilessly
inside them and their orgasms so close, both women screamed in
ecstasy as the explosions of several consecutive orgasms shot
through their bodies.  Their breaths came in gasps and their
stomachs tensed and relaxed rapidly as they burst.
     When they were finally spent, Pam turned off the vibra-
tors.  For several more minutes, the two female lovers held each
other and continued to kiss.  They kept the dildoes filling them
as they pressed their bodies together tenderly.
     Finally, Pam said, "I think you've got the job."
     Brandi smiled and replied, "I'm glad.  What do I do?"
     "Well, you help me serve the customers.  For that, you
wear a real small waitress uniform without a bra and only string
bikini panties.  With your build, your tits ought to nearly fall
out and the skirt will fall about halfway down your ass.  The
guys like to see flesh and you've got the kind they like the
most.  You'll also dance and strip like I started showing you,"
Pam explained.
     "How far do I strip?"
     "Well, the law says that you can't take off your panties
and expose your pussy, but I've done it before if the boys are
being really nice.  Basically, you can do what you want.  They
won't report us and the sheriff only comes around once a month or
so on his required, scheduled visits."
     "John said that it sometimes gets a little wild around
here."
     "Well, some of the guys in the past have made sexual
advances at the dancers.  Mostly verbal propositioning and some-
times they let their hands wander.  I've even had a few who
stripped and tried to dance with me.  One of those even tried to
fuck me right in front of everyone."
     "How do you handle things like that?"
     "Most of the girls that have worked here just ignore the
verbal stuff, but if they start getting touched they put a stop
to it.  Others let them touch with the hands as long as they stay
off the stage."
     "What did you do with the guy that tried to fuck you on
stage?"
     "I would have let him, but he passed out.  I know all of
the guys intimately since I'm the only woman around here.
There's eight men that live here.  Fortunately for me, they're
all muscular, well hung hunks."
     "It sounds like a great arrangement.  Where am I going to
stay?"
     "I have a back room with a bed, a dresser, and a bath-
room."
     "I guess we better get ready for business now," Brandi
said reluctantly.
     "Yeah," answered Pam, "but we've got all day tomorrow."
 
===============================================================
 
Chapter 8
Dancing
 
     The next several months went fairly quickly for Brandi.
She spent her evenings helping Pam around the bar and occasional-
ly making love with her.  Her nights were spent dancing and
serving drinks to the two groups of workers.  They only worked
during the cool, desert nights and spent their days sleeping.
There were four men to a shift so Brandi got to know them all
very quickly.  Pam always slept with at least one of the workers.
Once she was there a few days, Brandi would sleep with one or two
of the men, sometimes sharing them with Pam.
     Pam had been right that all of the men were hunks.  Right
from the start, Brandi stripped completely for the men and let
them touch her body.  They enjoyed squeezing her firm, young tits
and ass.  She would even walk down among the men and sit in their
laps once she was naked.
     On her last night, Brandi planned a special treat for all
of the guys.  She and Pam had choreographed a new dance number
for the two of them just for the occasion.  Brandi and Pam served
the men their drinks as usual and then they all talked and flirt-
ed with each other for a while.
     Later, the two women went backstage and put on their
dancing costumes.  When they were dressed, Pam turned the lights
in the bar off while Brandi turned on the stage lights.  The
women took there places behind the curtains on either side of the
stage.  As Brandi drew the curtains open, Pam started the music.
     When the curtains were fully apart, the women entered
onto the stage to begin their dance.  The men yelled and whistled
their approval of the two lovely women's bodies.  Each woman was
wearing translucent strands of nylon all over her body.  They
fluttered behind the dancers as they circled each other around
the stage, making them appear like two beautiful, shining ghosts
as the light reflected off of the tiny rhinestones in the materi-
al.
     Each time the women would pass each other closely at
centerstage, they would release a section of their costumes.  The
arms went first.  Then the legs were gone.  Finally, the body was
removed.
     With the outer part of the costumes off, the women ap-
peared before the men in white, skin tight, nylon jumpsuits.  The
thin material stretched to cover their entire bodies.  The men
could see clearly the tips of the women's breasts trying to poke
through the restraining fabric.
     The women continued circling each other and ripping parts
of their costumes away as they met.  The jumpsuits were removed
in the same manner as the nylon strands.  When the women's long,
sexy legs were exposed, the men went wild.  Pam and Brandi
brought the dance off the stage for a few minutes to let the guys
run their hands up and down their bare legs.
     When they returned to the stage, they slowly removed the
bodies of their jumpsuits.  The clothes pealed away to reveal two
shapely bodies clad in small, white, nylon, thong bikinis.  When
the men saw this, they all stood up and nearly shook the bar with
their shouts of approval.
     All of the attention and watching each other slowly
undress during the dance had made both women very excited.  Each
woman looked down and saw that the material of her bikini was
transparent from her pussy juices and sweat.  The music stopped
as the women turned and looked at each other from across the
stage.  They walked towards each other slowly.  When they were
face to face, they removed each other's bra by tugging on the
single knot tied between her breasts.  As their breasts bounced
free, the men realized that something other than dancing was
happening now by the way Pam and Brandi were looking at each
other.
     The women leaned closely to each other and embraced.
Their mouths locked together and their tongues collided.  Their
breasts were crushed against each other.  As they kissed, their
hands released their bikini bottoms.  Still kissing and feeling,
the women knelt on the floor.
     When the women parted, they saw that all eight men were
standing with no clothes on.  Some were stroking their cocks.
Others were making their way onto the stage.
     "I think we're in for a lot of fucking tonight," whis-
pered Pam to Brandi.
     "I hope so," answered Brandi.
     As four of the men went after Pam, the other four, Paul,
Rick, Steve, and Wayne, gathered around Brandi.  Wayne pulled her
legs over the edge of the stage and spread her legs wide apart.
He was a tall, blond haired, twenty year old man.  Brandi had
spent a few nights with him and his nine inch dick.  She felt him
place his cock at the rim of her ass, his favorite place to fuck
her.  Wayne slowly slid his entire cock into her dark hole.
     "Put it in there," Brandi begged as he inserted it.
"Shove it all the way up my ass."
     Once Wayne was ready, Paul straddled her waist.  He was a
short, red haired, thirty year old Irishman.  He had a five inch
cock that, like the rest of his body, what it lacked in height it
made up for in thickness, measuring at least seven inches around.
He quickly thrust it into Brandi's soaking cunt.
     Steve straddled Brandi's face and lowered his ten inch
cock into her gaping mouth.  He was a tall, black haired man.  He
was middle-aged, but well built.  He groaned in approval as
Brandi began licking his stiff pole.
     Brandi then felt Rick straddle her stomach.  He was a
medium height, brown haired, eighteen year old kid.  Despite his
youth, he had shown Brandi several times that he knew how to use
his seven inch cock like a pro.  He now leaned over and began
sucking on her tits as the other three men pumped in and out of
their respective holes.
     Brandi had never been fucked by more than two men and she
was enjoying the feeling of having all of her holes filled with
stiff cocks while her tits were being sucked by a hungry mouth.
The men could hear her whimperings of pleasure through her
stuffed lips as they slowly fucked her.
     After about fifteen minutes, Steve tensed and let out a
shout as Brandi swallowed his cum.  She grabbed his prick and
pumped it while her tongue jumped out to catch all of his juice.
She didn't want to let a drop go to waste as she licked him
clean.  When he was finished shooting his load, Rick and Steve
traded places.
     Another delicious fifteen minutes passed as Brandi con-
tinued to enjoy the fucking her entire body was receiving.  She
had several small orgasms as the men pleasured her crotch and
tits.  After nearly half an hour of nearly continuous pumping,
Wayne and Paul couldn't hold back any longer.  Both men grunted
as they unleashed their cum into Brandi's holes.  As they did,
Rick shot his wad into Brandi's eager mouth.  The triple ejacula-
tion and Steve's continuing effort on her tits brought Brandi
quickly to her own climax.  The four bucking bodies let loose
their flows of white, sticky cum.  When they were all finished,
the four men worked eagerly to clean the excess cum that was
running out of Brandi's pussy while Wayne and Paul let Brandi
lick their dicks clean.
     As Brandi's group finished, they could hear Pam's group
moaning and grunting as they reached the peak of their satisfac-
tion.  They watched as Pam was cleaned by eager tongues.
     After a few minutes, the groups of four men switched
women.  Alan, Peter, Henry, and Jason gathered around Brandi's
stretched body.  Alan, Peter, and Henry were brothers.  They were
all about six feet tall with short, blond hair.  The one thing
about the young brothers that didn't look the same were their
towering cocks standing eight, six, and nine inches, respective-
ly.
     Jason was the only black man in the group.  Brandi had
enjoyed the novelty of fucking a black man and, of all the guys
at the camp, he was the one she liked the most.  His cock was
eight inches of tasty, ebony meat.  While all the other men were
good for about three shots, Jason could last for four.
     The four men positioned themselves as the others had.
Alan took her ass, Jason took her pussy, Peter took her mouth,
and Henry sucked her tits.  Brandi thought they were as good as
the other group had been, but she enjoyed sucking Peter's cock
because it was still covered with Pam's cum.
     Peter managed to last twenty minutes before he had to
blow his wad into Brandi's mouth.  The taste of Pam's and his cum
mixed in her mouth drove Brandi crazy.  She quickly finished him
off as another of her small orgasms rippled through her body.
     Peter and Henry switched places and the complete body
fuck continued.  As the group bucked, they could hear the signal-
ing moans from the other group that they were cumming fifteen
minutes later.  Five minutes after that, the members of Brandi's
group sounded off as the three men let off the volleys from their
cannons and Brandi let loose a flood of cum from her dam.  She
felt the gush of Jason's hot cum splashing into her own deep
inside her stomach.
     After the group cleaned themselves, they joined Pam and
the others at the bar.  They all had a few drinks and talked
about how great the fucking was.  When they were all rested,
several of the men's cocks were stiff again.
     "Let's fuck in a big group," Pam suggested.
     Everyone liked the idea.  All of the men were bisexual
since they often only had other men around to enjoy.  All ten of
them returned to the stage to engage in another mass fuck.
     Henry and Paul laid in the middle of the stage with the
tops of their heads touching.  Wayne lowered his cock into
Henry's mouth and Alan lowered his into Paul's.  Pam saw the
arrangement they were getting into and ran behind the bar and
pulled out three of her double headed dildoes.  Everyone watched
as she poked the twin heads into Wayne's and Alan's asses.  When
the dildo was in place, the audience voiced their approval.
     Pam mounted Henry and Brandi mounted Paul, both facing
the middle of the formation.  Rick positioned himself behind Pam
and slid his cock up her ass.  He then took one of the other
dildoes and stuffed his and Henry's asses with each end.  Jason
got behind Brandi and did the same, cramming the last dildo up
his and Paul's asses.  Peter stood in front of Pam and Steve
stood in front of Brandi.
     With everyone in place, the women started bouncing slowly
on the cocks that impaled them and sucking on the cocks in their
mouths.  Other sounds of slurping were heard from the men giving
their friends blow jobs.  Wayne and Alan moved so the dildo slid
in and out of their asses as they sucked on the tits of the woman
in front of them.  The gang was a mass of sex hungry bodies
trying to get every hole plugged with a dildo, cock, or tit.
     The group fucked and sucked in this formation for nearly
twenty minutes before the first shots were fired.  Once the
initial blast was over, everyone else joined in for a mass or-
gasm.  Brandi's mouth was once again flooded as her ass and pussy
were filled with hot cum.  With the addition of her own cum, she
could feel a steady stream of the sticky fluid flowing down the
insides of her legs.  The bar echoed the loud moans that came
from the members of the group.
     After a few minutes, everyone disengaged.  They all sat
around and licked the excess cum off each other.  All of the men
were spent except Jason.  After a brief rest, his cock rose again
to let everyone know he was ready for one more fuck.
     Pam, noticing Jason's growing member, winked at Brandi
and said, "It looks like you have one final duty to perform for
your favorite customer before we pack it in for the night."
     Brandi smiled and replied, "Can't let a generous, paying
customer go away with a wad still in his pocket.  Come over here
and show me how much you've liked my services, Jason.  Pam, go
get me one of your special toys we used my first day here."
     As Pam went to get the dildo, Brandi spread her legs to
Jason.  He leaned over her and kissed her as he poked his cock
into her wet pussy.  When he was all the inside her, Pam returned
with the dildo.  She adjusted the black, connecting piece and
placed one head at each of the lover's ass.  As Brandi and Jason
kissed, Pam worked the dual heads all the way up their asses and
turned on the vibrators.
     Jason pumped in and out of Brandi and the vibrators
throbbed inside both of them.  As Jason's pace quickened, Pam
turned the vibrator up to a stronger pulse.  In ten minutes, the
vibrator was going full speed and Jason was slamming his dick
into Brandi.  When he felt the surge of his orgasm rising, Jason
pulled out of Brandi and yanked the vibrator out of their asses.
     "I've already cum in your cunt and ass," Jason said.  "I
want to finish this off by cumming in that fucking mouth of
yours."
     Jason turned and stabbed his big, black cock into
Brandi's mouth.  As she began sucking his pole in and out of her
lips taking time to take his balls into her mouth, Jason bent
down and starting licking her pussy and clit.  Each time he
circled her sensitive button, she tensed and quickened her pace
on his cock.  As he flicked his tongue into her pussy, she would
relax a little and moan.
     Everyone watched the two lovers eating each other for
half an hour.  By then Jason and Brandi had teased and brought
each other to the brink of climax too many times to hold back any
longer.  In a determined frenzy, each one pumped and licked at
the other's sex tools.  Shortly, both tensed and grunted as they
shot off their final loads.  Brandi couldn't take all of the cum
Jason let loose in her mouth and a stream of his white juice
spread down her cheeks.  She could feel his tongue reaching deep
inside to lap up her own love potion.  They took their time to
clean each other off after there climax, enjoying the taste of
their cum.
     "You're almost enough to make me want to stay," Brandi
said.
     "I would like that, but you've got your friends to meet
and a lot more to look forward to in Long Beach," said Jason,
"but you're always welcome to come back and show us a good time."
     "You can be sure that I will."
     Everyone said goodnight, making sure to give Brandi a
long kiss and her tits, ass, and pussy a good massage.
     When all of the men were gone, Pam said, "I'm too tired
to try for another round, but I would love to sleep with you one
last time."
     "I would like that," said Brandi.
     The two women went to the back room and climbed into the
bed.  In minutes they were both asleep holding each other close-
ly.
     The next morning after breakfast Brandi collected her
things and hitchhiked the rest of the way to Long Beach.
 
===============================================================
 
Chapter 9
A Night At The Top
 
     Brandi arrived in Long Beach late the next day.  She
found a phone booth.  Before calling Bill Tate, she decided to
try to reach Paula.  They had kept in touch while Brandi made her
way across the country.  Paula had said that she wasn't sure
whether she and Chad were going to make it.  They were not get-
ting along very well.
     Paula answered the phone, "Hello?"
     "Hi, Paula.  How are you?"
     "Not very well, Brandi.  Chad and I broke up finally."
     "I'm sorry.  Are you not coming out to Long Beach on your
own?"
     "No.  I don't want to any longer.  I don't want to have
sex with anyone.  Kevin's mad at me because I won't let him touch
me any more."
     "What happened?"
     "I just don't enjoy sex with men any more.  It was fun
for a long time, but I don't enjoy it now."
     "Would you like me to come back?"
     "Would you do that for me?" Paula asked hopefully.
     "Of course.  You're my best friend and I love you.  Are
you seeing any one?"
     "No.  There aren't any other girls left around here that
are lesbians or bisexuals.  I've really missed you."
     "I'll be there as soon as I can then."
     "Are you sure I'm not spoiling your fun?"
     "Not at all.  I'll admit that I've had fun, but, once I
heard the sound of your voice, I knew I wanted to be with you.
I'll see you in a couple of days."
     They said their goodbyes and hung up.  Brandi decided to
go ahead and call Bill to let him know that she wouldn't be
staying to meet him.
     "Hello?" he said.
     "Hi, Bill.  This is Brandi Thompson," said Brandi.  "Do
you remember me?"
     "You better believe I do."
     "I was calling to let you know I'm in town.  I'm afraid
I'm not staying though.  I have to go back home tomorrow."
     "I'm sorry.  Nothings wrong I hope."
     "Nothing seriously.  The couple I was supposed to meet
broke up and the girl needs me."
     "I understand.  I wish I could meet you tonight, but I
can't.  You still need a place to stay so go ahead and check in
at the Oasis Hotel.  Tell the manager to put the bill on my tab."
     "Are you sure?
     "Yes.  Maybe if you and your friend ever decide to come
back out here, we can get together then."
     Brandi went to the Oasis Hotel.  It was a very nice hotel
that catered to people who had a little extra cash to spend.
When she walked into the lobby of the six story building, she was
so mesmerized by the plush carpet and the enormous, sparkling
chandeliers that she bumped into the manager who was looking
through some papers on his way to the front desk.  He was a well
built man in his late thirties.  Brandi thought he looked a
little like Paula's brother, Kevin.
     "Sorry," said the manager.  He started to go on his way
when he took another look at Brandi.  She had felt really sexy
after talking to Paula so she had gone to a restroom and changed
into her prom dress.  Her nipples were trying to poke through the
thin material.  "Can I be of assistance?" the manager managed to
ask while he continued staring at her magnificent body.
     "I was hoping I could fill a vacancy for you," Brandi
offered.
     The manager managed to get behind the front desk with
only a little trouble from not watching where he was going.  "Do
you have any preference of location?" he managed to ask, trying
to maintain his control.
     Seeing that he was getting really turned on by her body,
Brandi continued her tease.  "I like it in the back, in the
front, in the ground floor," Brandi said as she swayed her hips
slightly, and added as she licked her lips seductively, "and in
the penthouse."
     Completely flustered by her blatant innuendoes, the
manager barely managed to ask, "How will you be paying for your
room?"
     "Well, Bill Tate told me to have you put the bill on his
account," Brandi said.
     After placing the bill in Bill's account, the manager
handed her a key.  "We have the penthouse suite available.  It's
room 601.  If you need anything just let me know," said the
manager.
     Brandi started towards the elevator after signing the
register.  Before she took a step, she turned back around and
said, "You know it's really not fair.  You know my name, but I
don't know yours."
     "Nathan," he answered, trying to act like he hadn't been
about to stare at her ass as she walked away.
     "Well, Nathan, I look forward to you servicing me,"
Brandi said as she turned and walked away.
     She entered the penthouse and turned on the lights.  It
was a very luxurious room with a balcony that faced the ocean.
She took off her dress and went into the bathroom to bathe.  She
really wanted to avoid having sex until she could make it home to
Paula the next day, but the more she thought about Nathan down-
stairs the more turned on she became.
     Finally, she drained the tub and called the front desk.
She was glad when she heard Nathan answer the phone.  "Hi, Na-
than.  I think something's wrong with my air conditioner.  I was
just taking a bathe and I just kept getting hotter and hotter so
I thought I would have you come up here to fix it for me.
Thanks."
     In less than five minutes, Brandi heard a knock at the
door.  She had put on her prom dress without drying off first so
the thin, white material was clinging transparent to her skin all
over her sexy body.  Brandi looked through the peep hole in the
door and saw Nathan standing outside.
     She opened the door and let him inside.  When he saw her
body through the soaked dress, he stopped and stared in shock.
Nathan wasn't wearing his suit now and he was carrying a duffel
bag.  As Brandi closed and locked the door, she asked, "I hope no
one's expecting you anywhere tonight because it's going to take a
while to cool me down."
     Nathan snapped out of his shock long enough to answer
while Brandi hurriedly undressed him, "No.  No one's expecting me
until tomorrow afternoon.  I told the night manager I was going
to check on a problem up here before I left."
     "Good!" Brandi said as she peeled the clinging dress and
threw it across the room, leaving Nathan in his underwear.  "We
can just make a night out of fucking each other then.  Last one
on the balcony has to lick the other's asshole."
     They both ran to the balcony door.  Brandi made it
through first.  She ran to the rail and leaned over.  As her tits
swung down and her stomach was bent over the rail, she spread her
legs wide apart for Nathan to see.  "You lost the race, honey.
Come over here and lick my asshole while I look down at the
beach," Brandi said.
     She felt his hands grab her thighs and spread her ass
cheeks apart.  As the tip of his tongue touched her anus, she had
the sensation that she was flying over the beach.  She reached up
and squeezed her firm tits as he inserted his strong tongue up
her ass.  He was a little hesitant about licking her too deeply
at first, but, when he realized how much she was enjoying it, he
tried to reach his oral phallus deep inside her.
     He tongue fucked her ass until he felt her have a small
orgasm.  They stood up and she smiled at him as she leaned over
and kissed him.  They embraced as their tongues twisted around
each other.
     Brandi finally said, "I don't think it's fair that I'm
the only one to have my ass licked.  Would you like me to make
you cum from an oral ass fuck?"
     "You can fuck me any way you want, Brandi," Nathan said.
"Just fuck me until I cum."
     She led him to the table across the balcony and pulled
off his underwear.  He laid on his back with his legs over the
edge.  Brandi knelt between his legs and lowered her face into
his crotch.  She took his balls in one hand as she licked his
rectum with her moist, hungry tongue.  As she penetrated his ass,
she felt his balls swell and become firm with excitement.
     After ten minutes of being ass licked, Nathan was getting
close to shooting his load.  Brandi moved her mouth over his
thick ten inch cock.  As she took his cock down her throat, she
stabbed her fingers up his ass.  He rocked to the rhythm of her
blow job and finger fuck until he let out a moan of relief.  His
waist raised and his stomach tensed as Brandi felt several surges
flowing through his organ releasing a flood of his sweet, white
jism into her mouth.  She swallowed every drop he gave and licked
his dick dry.
     Brandi climbed onto Nathan and kissed him hard and long
on the lips, thrusting her tongue deep into his mouth.  She was
breathing heavily.  "I'm so fucking hot, Nathan," Brandi gasped.
"I want to feel like I'm flying while you eat my pussy.  Take me
somewhere so my body can hang in the air while your strong tongue
probes my twat."
     Nathan thought for a second trying to think of a place
where Brandi could hang while he ate her.  Suddenly, he remem-
bered the clothes rack in the bathroom.  He picked Brandi up and
carried her to the bathroom.  "Hang on, darling," he reassured.
"I've got just the place for you."
     When they got to the rack, Nathan lifted Brandi up.  She
swung her legs over the bar.  As she hooked her legs over the
bar, Nathan lowered her so she was hanging upside down.  He
looked at her as she spread her legs apart.
     "God, all the blood's rushing to my head," Brandi said.
     "Hold on, Brandi," Nathan said.  "I'm going to make you
feel like your really flying this time."
     Nathan grabbed Brandi's ankles to keep her from swinging
too much.  She started moaning as he kissed the inside of her
thighs.  The closer his lips and tongue came to her cunt, the
louder she moaned her approval.  Finally, he reached her love
box.  He placed his lips around her hard clit and sucked on it as
his tongue licked it.  Brandi screamed in ecstasy at the clitoral
stimulation.
     Eventually, Nathan moved the main thrust of his efforts
to Brandi's wet pussy.  He inserted his tongue into her twat and
gathered her juices from the earlier orgasm.  Taking time to suck
and kiss her clit every now and then, Nathan cleaned her vagina.
Not long after he finished the cleaning, Brandi tensed and
screamed as a steady flow of her cum shot up into his open mouth.
She had been so sexually active since her graduation her vaginal
muscles had become incredibly powerful so she could literally
shoot her cum out of her cunt if she was stimulated enough.
     When she was cleaned, Nathan helped her down from the
rack.  He had to hold her up as the blood rushed out of head and
she lost her balance.  They kissed and hugged each other until
she was steady.
     "That was great, Nathan," Brandi said, "but we have to
get you off again."
     Nathan said, "We don't have to hurry.  I want to do
something special to you."
     "What?" Brandi asked.
     "Have you ever had your pussy shaved clean?"
     "God, no.  I've made it with a woman who did though."
     "You know how good it is to eat a smooth cunt then.
Would you like me to do it to you?"
     "Yes.  The girl I'm meeting tomorrow ought to get a kick
out of it, too."
     "Not before I do," Nathan said smiling.
     Brandi sat on the bathroom counter and spread her legs.
While she positioned herself on the counter, Nathan got his
duffel bag and pulled out an electric shaver and some hair remov-
al cream.
     Nathan plugged in the shaver.  Brandi smiled as she
listened to the purr of the motor.  Within minutes, Nathan had
shaved off most of Brandi's hair from her pussy and crotch.  He
unplugged the shaver and used the hair removal cream to make her
pussy smooth and hairless.
     "This makes me feel really naked.  It reminds me of when
I was a teenager before I matured," Brandi said as Nathan blew on
her newly exposed skin.  "And your blowing on it is getting me
really hot."
     "I'm glad," Nathan said as he kissed her cunt.  "Since
you're not an immature teenager, I guess it's legal for me to
fuck this beautiful, smooth pussy."
     "Even if it wasn't legal, I would let you do it."
     "You're one fuck hungry lady."
     "You bet your big, fat cock I am.  Shove that baby in my
cunt and ream me until we cum together."
     As Nathan placed the tip of his freshly aroused cock into
Brandi's pussy, he asked, "When was your first fuck?"
     "I let a guy feel me up when I was thirteen.  I was
really popular because my breasts developed early.  I still
didn't have my pubic hair, but the boys I let see me didn't seem
to mind," Brandi answered with a smile as she winced with pleas-
ure from his penetration.
     Inching his cock farther into her, he said, "Tell me
about the first time you had a real fuck."
     "You don't want to hear about me fucking another guy, do
you?"
     "I sure do.  I won't fuck you until you tell me about
your first time."
     Getting really turned on by Nathan's interest in her
first sexual experience while he stood with his cock inside her,
Brandi said, "It was my thirteenth birthday.  My parents threw a
surprise party for me.  They invited all of my friends.  I had a
crush on one of the guys who was fifteen.  William was really
cute.
     "After everyone else left, my parents had to go to my
grandmother's house for the evening.  When they left, I called
William and invited him over.  We had dinner and talked for
awhile.
     "A little later, we decided to watch some movies.  I was
curious about sex and I wanted to try it with William so I found
one of Dad's porno movies.  We watched for a little bit, holding
each other and touching each other in our private areas through
our clothes.
     "I finally decided it was time to experiment.  I pulled
his pants down and gave him a blow job.  I was a little awkward
at it, but I made him cum in my mouth.  It was about the best
thing I had ever tasted.
     "He took off all of my clothes then and sucked on my
tits.  They were erect and firm.  It sent chills down my spine as
he nibbled on the tips of them.  I made him move down to my pussy
so he could eat me.  He discovered how sensitive my clit was and
sucked on it until my cum poured out of my cunt.
     "After he licked up my cum, we kissed for a while.  He
asked me if I would let him stick his cock in my pussy.  I told
him he could so he inched it in.  When he was all the way in, he
started pumping slowly.  He said he would pull out when he was
ready to cum again, but I told him to keep it in me.  By that
time we were both pretty high on the feeling of our bodies
thrashing together so he didn't object.  A few minutes later we
both screamed as we came.  He spent the night with me with his
cock in my pussy."
     Nathan started pumping his cock in Brandi slowly.  "Since
you told me such a good story, I'm going to fuck you," he said.
     "Good because I need to be fucked.  Are you going to
shoot off inside me like William did?"
     "Yes, I am."
     "Good."
     Nathan pounded his hips between Brandi's legs.  He didn't
miss a stroke as they both reached the brink of climax.  When he
was just ready to cum, he stopped.
     "Don't stop!" Brandi cried.
     "I'm going to make this last, baby."
     He picked her up and carried her to the bed.  They fell
onto the bed with Brandi on bottom.  They kissed some before he
started pumping again.  Brandi was so hot and aroused that she
was practically crying for Nathan to get her off.
     "Am I fucking you like William did?" Nathan asked.
     "Yes.  Keep fucking me.  Make me cum," Brandi pleaded.
     "All right.  Here we go."
     He quickened his pace.  The slapping of his balls against
her ass rang across the room.  The sound of his cock sloshing in
her wet cunt rose to his ears.  The smell of their love juices
lifted to his nose.  His senses were so overcome that he barely
realized he was shooting his load into Brandi.
     He was soon brought back to reality when Brandi screamed
and tensed.  He looked down to see her head raise slightly as her
stomach contracted.  He could feel the new wave of warmth flow
around his cock as her cum flooded her pussy.  They collapsed
from exhaustion.
     After a couple of minutes, Brandi said, "I've never been
so spent after such a short fuck session."
     "I haven't either.  We were both pretty turned on by your
story."
     "That must be it.  Would you do me a favor, Nathan?"
     "Anything."
     "Keep your cock inside me tonight like William did."
     "With pleasure."
     They held each other and fell asleep.
     Brandi woke up the next morning as Nathan was pulling his
cock out of her.  She pulled him back to her and kissed him.  He
returned the kiss eagerly.
     "What time is it?" she asked.
     "Eleven," Nathan answered.
     "Shit!  I'm going to have to get moving."
     "I guess a morning fuck is out of the question then."
     "As much as I would like to, I really have to head home."
     "I'll leave then."
     Brandi kissed him again before she went to the bathroom
and took a shower.  When she finished, Nathan was gone.  He had
left her a note that read, "Thanks for the fun night."  She
smiled and threw the note into the trash.
     She got dressed and went to the airport.  Brandi was
going home to a woman she truly loved.  She was certain that she
would find a man to be with there, but she was more interested in
being with Paula.  If she was all Brandi had for the rest of her
life, she knew she would be happy.
 
++++
