 
 
 
++ Brandi ++
Brandi
Chapter 1
House-sitting
 
     The phone rang, as she had expected, at noon.  The Klines
were leaving for a couple of days and they had asked her to stay
at and take care of their house and to keep an eye on their
fifteen year old, adopted son, Kevin.  He was old enough to stay
by himself, but they felt better knowing that someone was there
with him.  Brandi had eagerly accepted the invitation because she
needed the money for college.  She started next fall and had been
earning as much as she could during her senior year.
     Kevin's sister, Paula, who was seventeen hadn't wanted the
responsibility of looking out for her brother.  Paula and Brandi
had been best friends for three years so Paula's parents knew
that Brandi could be trusted.
     Brandi answered the phone, "Hello?"
     "Hi, Brandi," said the voice of Mr. Kline.  "You can come
over now.  We're ready to leave."
     "I'll be right there.  'Bye," she replied and hung up the
phone.
     She arrived at their house in five minutes.  Trying to
decide what she would do for evening entertainment while she was
keeping an eye on the house was something she had not considered.
Kevin was usually asleep by ten.  That meant that he would be out
of Brandi's way relatively early, but also that he would not be a
source of activity for her either.
     Paula was another matter.  She would more than likely stay
out late.  She was a popular girl and very attractive.  She had
matured early into a young woman that was average in height, but
well endowed with a slim, curvaceous figure and slightly large,
firm tits.  She never had to worry about dates, though lately she
had been seeing one boy, Chad, regularly.  Her shoulder length,
blonde hair and blue eyes were added bonuses to her already
beautiful attributes.
     Brandi reached the door of the Klines' house just as they
were leaving.  They gave her the keys to the house and told
everyone good-bye.  As they drove down the street, the children
waved to their parents.  They were alone for the next two days.
Kevin and Paula had made important plans that required their
parents' absence.  Brandi would understand if she found out,
however.
     At nine thirty, Kevin went to his room.  Paula had gone out
with Chad at six and wasn't due back for at least another two
hours.  Brandi was alone with nothing to do.  She decided that
she would watch a movie to pass the time.  As usual, there was
nothing on television she wanted to watch so she searched through
the Klines' video collection.  During her futile search for an
interesting movie, she accidentally opened a hidden cabinet.  As
she started to close the door, she looked inside and stared at
its contents surprised.
     Before her was a collection of amateur and professional
adult videos that must have numbered over a hundred.  She looked
through the assorted titles and subjects.  There were tapes with
straight couples, homosexuals, bisexuals, and solo men and women
performing masturbation, anal sex, oral sex, vaginal sex, double
penetration, and orgies.  She was overwhelmed by the diversity of
the pleasures offered by the tapes.
     She had had sex with a few guys from school and she had
really enjoyed it, but she was unfamiliar with any of the other
sexual experiences that she pondered watching.  Her interest in
lesbian love-making finally drew her to one title and she insert-
ed it in the VCR.  Some of the action was threesomes, a man and
two women, but it offered many lesbian couples exchanging loving
licks.
     After watching the movie for an hour, Brandi was getting
really turned on.  She soon shed her silk teddy and began mastur-
bating as she watched the actresses bury their faces between each
other's legs.  With each lick, she slid her finger inside her own
wet pussy and rubbed the palm of her hand against her hard clit.
     She was lying on the couch out of view of the front door as
she enjoyed herself.  The sound of Paula and Chad coming into the
house went unnoticed as she moaned out loud.  Paula and Chad
looked into the living room and saw a scene with a man's cock
sliding in and out of one woman's dripping cunt while she was
eating the cunt of another woman.
     "That looks like fun," whispered Chad.
     Kissing him on the lips as she felt the bulge in his jeans
with a wandering hand, Paula replied, "It sure does, but I had
another combination in mind for tonight."  She took his hand and
led him up the stairs to her room.
     Brandi had heard Chad's whispered comment, but had managed
to keep moaning so they didn't know she had.  She had also heard
Paula's response and had become doubly excited.  Up the stairs
she went, to see the live performance that was about to take
place.  When she got to the door, she could hear the muffled
sounds of moaning as the teenagers tried to undress each other
awkwardly while they kissed and fondled each other.
     Brandi opened the bedroom door enough so she could see the
double bed.  Paula was nude now and Brandi was mesmerized momen-
tarily by her friend's mature, young body.  After watching all of
the lesbian sex on the tape, she was becoming very aroused by her
very sexy figure.  Paula's nipples were standing erect with
excitement and her pussy was already dripping wet with her
juices.  Brandi wished she could taste that sweetness, but she
resisted the urge as she noticed Chad.
     He had finished undressing while Brandi was admiring Paula.
She was impressed by his young, muscular form.  He was a tall,
black haired, brown eyed, junior football player.  The plays he
was making now with his thick, semi-erect cock were more out-
standing to watch for Brandi than any he could make on the field.
As she watched his organ grow to a final erect length of seven
inches, she began fingering herself again.
     As she looked in the room at the two teens, she thought she
noticed a movement just out of her view.  She didn't take much
interest in it as Paula looked appreciatively at the thick cock
that stood at rigid attention before her.  She kissed Chad on the
lips, then on the cheek, then on the neck, working her way down
to his towering spire of manly flesh.  What seemed like hours to
Brandi were minutes as she saw Paula kiss the tip of the throb-
bing cock.  It twitched at this stimulation so she did it again
and achieved the same result.
     Brandi begged in her mind for Paula to take Chad in her
mouth.  Her silent yearnings were soon fulfilled as Paula covered
the tip of his cock with her lips.  She slowly descended its
length, engulfing the entire seven inches by the time she
stopped.  As she ascended and sucked on his pole, he tensed and
moaned loudly.  After each successive pump, his moaning grew
louder and louder and he tensed even more.
     Paula raised long enough to look over where Brandi had
noticed the movement earlier and said, "Come over hear and eat my
pussy while I do this, Kevin."
     The shock of what she had just heard almost made Brandi gasp
out loud.  KEVIN!  Even if they were siblings by adoption, the
idea of them fucking each other was exciting to Brandi.  She was
soon graced with a full view of Kevin's lean, young body.  He was
not much larger than most boys his age in most respects, but as
Brandi's eyes roamed down from his short, dark hair to his waist
she was awe struck at the size of his dick.  It had to be eight
inches long and five inches around the shaft.
     As Paula went back to sucking Chad off, Kevin knelt behind
her and began eating her pussy.  From the way Kevin was going at
it, Brandi was sure that he had eaten his sister's pussy before.
He knew just where to place his tongue to drive her wild.  She
could hardly keep her rhythm steady on Chad's cock because of the
attention her cunt was receiving.
     It was obvious to Brandi, after a short while, that Chad
wouldn't last much longer, but she didn't dare interrupt them.
Paula had also noticed how close he was to exploding and stopped
her oral efforts.  She turned and took Kevin's sagging member in
her mouth as Chad took over eating her pussy.
     Paula sucked on her brother's cock hungrily for several
minutes.  As she did, Chad's tongue coaxed a small orgasm from
deep inside her.  She arched her back slightly as her love fluids
flowed down into Chad's mouth.  She was so distracted by her own
pleasure that she wasn't aware of how close to cumming Kevin was.
She managed to stop in time to prevent a major explosion and
licked up the little bit of his sweet cum that had been released.
     "Your cum tastes as sweet as ever, Kevin," Paula said.  "You
guys suck on my tits now."
     Paula laid on her back.  Her nipples were standing up
straight with excitement.  Each of the boys leaned over her body
and took a tit in his mouth.  As they nibbled and sucked on her
breasts, she moaned encouragements at them.  For a long time,
Paula was content to let them feast on her chest.  Eventually,
she said, "I want the two of you to fuck me now."
     Chad took Paula's place on the bed.  When he was settled,
Paula straddled his waist.  Kevin took Chad's cock and guided it
into Paula's pussy as she lowered herself.  With every inch that
impaled her, she moaned and gasped loudly.  Finally, Chad's
entire cock was in her love-box.
     As Paula began riding Chad's cock, Kevin stepped out of
Brandi's view again.  Before long, he returned, stroking his well
oiled cock.  Brandi wasn't sure what he was going to do since
Paula's pussy was filled with Chad's cock.  She watched Kevin
climb onto the bed behind Paula and spread her ass-cheeks apart.
Brandi almost gasped too loudly as she watched Kevin poke the tip
of his cock into Paula's asshole.
     Paula stopped riding Chad to let Kevin fill her ass.  "God!
I knew a cock up my ass would feel great.  Stuff that monster all
the way in and fuck my butt, Kevin!"
     Kevin did as she requested.  With one quick thrust, his cock
slid easily all the way into her ass.  She screamed at the sud-
denness of the intrusion, but soon started riding the two cocks
with extra enthusiasm.  Her moans turned into screams of ecstasy.
Brandi became so excited by watching her friend being double
fucked that she came on her fingers.
     Paula started screaming, "God!  Oh, God!  I'm going to cum.
I'm going to cum."  Her stomach tightened and her back arched as
her orgasm exploded strongly inside her.  She almost collapsed
from the intensity, but she managed to keep riding the boys'
cocks.
     Paula's orgasm had excited the boys so much that they
couldn't hold in their own ejaculations any longer.  Simultane-
ously, Chad and Kevin let out moans as their stomachs tensed and
they lost their rhythms.  Brandi imagined what it would feel like
to have warm cum being shot up her ass as she watched Paula
enjoying the real feeling.  The three of them collapsed on each
other, the boys still inside Paula.
     Chad finally asked, "Did you like that as much as it sounded
you did?"
     "Oh, yes.  You guys are great," Paula replied, "but I would
still like to watch the two you do each other some time."
     "Now you know I don't touch other guys, Paula," Kevin said.
     "Yeah.  You just don't know what you're missing," Paula
chuckled.
     "Do you think Brandi would like to join you and me, Paula,"
Chad asked, "She really seemed to be enjoying that video."
     "I'll ask her about it.  Maybe we could do it prom night."
     "I would like that."
     "Well," Kevin interrupted, "you two can make your plans
later.  Let's get some sleep."
     "Okay, spoil sport," Paula said with a grin, "but you guys
keep your cocks inside me."
     The three young people fell asleep entangled.  Brandi decid-
ed that if they were going to sleep with each other she would
sleep in Kevin's room.  She spread herself on the bed and went to
sleep.  She dreamt pleasant dreams of being fucked by Paula, Chad
and Kevin.
     Brandi woke up the next morning slowly.  As she gained
consciousness, she realized that she was not alone in the bed.
She rolled over to find Kevin next to her watching her sleep.
When she looked down, she saw that he was still naked from the
last night's activities.
     "I hope there was a reason you slept in my bed last night,"
Kevin said.
     "Not really.  After I saw," she started to say, but then
hesitated.
     "So you did see us fucking," Kevin said before she could
continue, "I assume you enjoyed it."
     "Yes, I did," she answered, "but I was a little jealous of
Paula.  How long have you and her been fucking each other?"
     "About a year.  I accidentally walked into the bathroom to
take a shower while she was shaving her pussy.  We were both
surprised by the other's attractive body and before we knew it we
were screwing on the counter.  She really loves big dicks.  What
do you think of my cock?"
     Brandi looked down at the large phallus that was standing
straight up at her and licked her lips slightly as she responded,
"I think that you could use some help handling that load your
carrying for me."
     "Use that beautiful mouth on me," he said as he kissed her.
     Brandi moved down his body until her face was at his waist.
She grasped his cock and began stroking it slowly.  As she jacked
him off, she licked and sucked his balls.  She licked up the
length of his cock to its swollen head.
     As Brandi kissed and sucked on the tip of his dick, Kevin
asked, "Do you think you can take it all?"
     Brandi looked up and smiled mischievously, "I'm sure going
to try."  She took his cock and in one quick motion engulfed his
entire cock.  She slurped noisily at his pipe as she squeezed his
ass.
     Kevin was moaning loudly from Brandi's oral efforts.  He
grabbed her by the back of her head and encouraged her progress.
Before long, he tensed.  Brandi tried to raise her head, but
Kevin wanted to shoot his cum into her mouth.  She soon felt a
surge through his organ and a gush of warm, sweet cum flow into
her mouth.  Greedily, she swallowed every last drop of his love-
juices.
     "You give good head, Brandi," Kevin complimented as he
pulled her up to his face and kissed her nipples.
     "I was hoping you would shoot me in the pussy," Brandi
gasped passionately.
     "I will," Kevin reassured her as he moved down to her pussy,
"but I'm going to eat you first."
     His tongue flicked out at her clit and gave it a loving
lick.  Brandi convulsed with pleasure and let out a little
scream.  She had let other guys eat her pussy before, but Kevin
had obviously pleased his sister long enough to know exactly how
to stimulate a woman's clit.
     She writhed under the activities of his tongue for several
minutes.  She then felt the added stimulation of Kevin's finger
being inserted into her pussy.  She moaned as he slid one finger
at a time until three of them were working there magic inside
her.  Then she felt another finger touch the rim of her asshole.
She had never had anything up her ass, but after watching Paula
get fucked in the ass she was eager to have that finger pleasure
her there.  "Slide that finger in my ass," she begged.
     Kevin circled the rim of her asshole several times, opening
it slightly more with each circle.  When he had it in up to the
first knuckle, he shoved it the rest of the way in suddenly.
Brandi screamed loudly at the penetration and continued as he
pumped the fingers in and out of her pussy and ass.
     Several minutes later, Brandi's stomach muscles tensed and
her body shuddered under the force of her powerful orgasm.  She
screamed louder as she experienced the strongest orgasm in her
life.  She flooded Kevin's mouth with her cum and he gladly drank
all that she offered.
     Brandi sat up and saw Paula standing in the doorway.  Paula
grinned, "You were making so much noise I had to come see what
you were doing.  Quite a good show."
     "Do you want to join us," Kevin asked hopefully.
     "No," Paula responded.  "As much as I would like to, I'll
just watch you fuck her.  I'll get my turn at her with Chad on
prom night."
     "If you say so."
     Brandi got on her hands and knees.  Paula sat at her head,
just out of reach and began masturbating with a vibrator.  Kevin
knelt behind Brandi and rubbed his rejuvenated cock in her slit.
Slowly, he guided his probe into her cunt.  Inch by inch he drove
it deeper into her until she had taken him up to the hilt.
     "Pound her pussy with that beautiful cock, Kevin.  Fuck her
hard," Paula urged.
     Kevin followed the advise with enthusiasm.  With ever in-
creasing speed, he rammed his man-meat in and out of Brandi's
love-tunnel.  The two of them moaned in rhythm with each thrust.
     Paula reached climax first.  She turned the vibrator up to
full power and shoved it in her sex-box.  Her cum soon ran out
from between her legs as she exploded in climax.
     As Paula experienced her satisfaction, Kevin and Brandi both
reached their own fulfillment.  They came simultaneously in
several intense bursts.  Brandi felt the collisions of her and
Kevin's juices.  The two of them collapsed at the end of the
eruptions.
     Brandi looked wishfully at Paula's dripping pussy.  Paula
noticed her attention and moved closer to Brandi's face.  "I
guess I can let you clean me, but we're not going to fuck until
prom night," she said.
     Brandi licked hungrily at her friend's wet cunt.  The taste
of her juices was even more sweet than she had imagined.  She had
tasted her own cum many times, but found Paula's much more pleas-
ing.  It wasn't long before Paula was clean.
     "I can hardly wait until prom night," Brandi said finally.
     "Me, too," agreed Paula, "I know it's going to be fun.  Chad
ought to be pleased with us."
 
===============================================================
 
Chapter 2
Prom Night
 
     The next two weeks dragged drearily for Brandi and Paula.
They were extremely anxious about their plans for the prom, but
the night was finally there.  Brandi had just finished putting on
her dress when the phone rang.
     "Now who could that be?" she asked herself as she ran to the
phone and answered it.
     "Hi, Brandi," Paula's voice replied.  "I've got some bad
news about tonight.  Chad has the flu and can't make it.  It
looks like our little party will have to wait a while longer."
     "Damn!  I was looking forward to it, too," Brandi moaned.
"You're still going to the prom aren't you?"
     "Yes.  Chad's friend, Ron, is taking me instead so I'll see
you there.  I've got to finish getting ready.  I just wanted to
let you know about our plans."
     Brandi hung up and flopped onto her bed.  Of all the rotten
things that could have happened that night, this had to be the
one that did.  She was frustrated by the development, but she
could live with it.  She finished adjusting her dress.
     The doorbell rang.  Brandi flew down the stairs in her bare
feet to answer it.  As she had expected, Alan stood on the porch
in his rented black tuxedo.  She had accepted his invitation to
the prom early in the year and, since he had to leave early to go
to work it wasn't going to interfere with her plans with Chad and
Paula, she had kept the date.
     As she looked him over, she was glad she hadn't canceled.
Alan was the captain of the football team.  His green eyes were
set deep in his well tanned face that was framed by short blonde
hair.  He was arguably the best looking guy in the school.
     "Right on time," Brandi said as she put on her shoes.
     "For you, I would never be late," he said looking her over
very carefully, "and if I had known how sexy you were going to
look I might have been early."
     Brandi blushed at the compliment and said as she shut the
door behind them, "Thank you.  You're not too shabby yourself."
     By the time they made it to the prom, Paula was waiting for
them with Ron.  The four of them talked and danced for hours,
thoroughly enjoying each other's company and the music.
     They all drank quite a bit of the punch that was being
served at first, but Brandi was the only one that was drinking
any by eleven.  Everyone in their group had slowed down enough by
then so that they didn't need anything to drink.  Because of
this, she was the only one of them that fell prey to the prank-
ster who spiked the punch towards the end of the night.  She
wasn't a drinker so after her only glass of the concoction she
was feeling the effects strongly.  It had been just enough to get
her feeling very loose, but not totally drunk.
     The bandit was soon caught and the punch confiscated before
many people had taken some.  That made no difference to Brandi
though.  She was dancing with Alan, letting him hold her closer
than she had all night and she was enjoying it.
     They were dancing in a dark corner of the room where no one
was paying much attention to them.  Brandi, because of the alco-
hol in her system and the closeness to Alan, was beginning to get
hot and horny.  She halfheartedly tried to ignore the sensation,
but she soon gave in to it.
     The white, cotton gown she wore was backless with a deep cut
V-neck that ended just above her navel.  What appeared to be a
short slit in the front of the dress that was just long enough to
cover her ass and upper thigh was actually its opening.  There
were three inconspicuous buttons located at her navel and just
below her pussy that were the only things holding the dress
closed.  She had made the dress specifically with the rendezvous
with Chad and Paula in mind, but she was so turned on at the
moment that she had to share its secrets with Alan.  She leaned
close to his ear and whispered seductively, "Want to know a
secret?"
     Enjoying the feel of Brandi's unbound breasts crushed
against his chest, he whispered, "Sure."
     "Do you really think I look sexy in this dress?" she asked,
toying with him some more.
    "Very sexy."
     She rubbed against him and could feel that his cock was
beginning to strain against the confines of his pants and contin-
ued her teasing, "I'm not wearing any panties."
     "You're not?" he whispered with a hint of excitement in his
voice at this revelation as he slid his hand into the back of her
dress, feeling her bare ass.
     "Nope.  And if you'll follow me, I'll let you know another
secret."
     He quietly consented and followed her into a men's rest room
down the hall from the dance area.  They went straight inside and
Alan looked around nervously to see if anyone was in there.
Brandi didn't care.  She smiled wickedly at him as she said, "If
you unbutton these three buttons, I'll let you have what you
see."
     He hesitated briefly, but wanted to see her body.  With the
buttons released, the dress fell open easily, hanging only from
her shoulders.  He stood admiring her figure, her erect, pucker-
ing tits, and her wet, pink pussy.
     Brandi pushed him against the wall and unfastened his pants.
Before he fully comprehended what she was doing, his rigid cock
was poking six inches out of his opened fly.  Brandi looked down
at his cock and said slyly, "Your cock seems to know what I have
in mind."
     She removed her dress and took his cock in her hand.  Brandi
pressed the tip of his cock against her clit, sending bolts of
electricity up her back.  She was in heaven.
     She was soon dripping wet with her juices.  His cock slid
easily deep inside her hungry pussy.  Her cunt muscles clamped
his pole hard as she began riding him slowly.
     Alan let his pants fall down to his knees as Brandi opened
his shirt.  He took her tits in his mouth, one at a time, and
sucked gingerly on the nipples.  She gasped with the added stimu-
lation and the rhythm of her pumping quickened.
     Before long, Brandi's pace had reached a fevered peak.  She
suddenly arched her back and let out a passionate scream.  Her
breathing became more erratic with each explosion of orgasm.
     Alan soon followed her lead with his own scream.  Brandi
felt a surge build at the base of his cock and knew that any
second he would fill her with his hot cum.  With four powerful
thrusts, Brandi felt Alan's hefty load launched deep within her.
She giggled gleefully as she felt his warmth shoot through his
cock and down the walls of her pussy.  By the time he was fin-
ished ejaculating in her, his cum was running down the insides of
her long legs.
     Brandi lifted herself off of Alan's cum covered cock and
leaned down to clean it.  Brandi licked Alan's cock dry, enjoying
the taste of her own cum mixed with his.  Just as Brandi fin-
ished, Mr. Martin, the school's principal, entered the rest room.
     Mr. Martin looked sternly at the two lovers.  Alan nervously
got dressed as Mr. Martin, in a quiet, authoritative voice,
directed an unpleasant lecture about not having sex in public
rest rooms at him and assigning him three days of detention.
Mysteriously realizing that he was late for work, Alan hurried
out the door.
     Brandi was still standing naked with cum running down her
legs.  Mr. Martin turned to her, looking at her gently, and said,
"And as for you, my dear, don't you think you should get dressed,
too?"
     She was still high from fucking Alan and was hungry for more
sex.  Mr. Martin was a large, six foot tall, muscular man.  His
dark hair was showing signs of graying.  Her lust was blind to
anything except that he was a man and she wanted him.  She
stepped towards him and said softly, "As you can see, I'm all
wet.  You wouldn't want me to get my dress soaked would you?"
     When she got right up against him, she reached down and felt
the large bulge in his pants.  He looked nervously at her as he
answered, "I can see that.  You can clean up with some paper
towels first."
     She unfastened his pants as she offered innocently, "Surely
a man of your prowess can think of a much more satisfying way to
clean me."  She pulled his pants down, releasing his erect cock.
She gasped at the size of his giant shaft that she guessed was at
least ten inches long.  Before he could respond, she added, "My
God!  I've never seen a cock that big before.  I want to feel
that monster cock in my pussy."  As she turned, bent over, and
spread her legs, she coaxed him, "Come on, Mr. Martin.  I know
you want to fuck me.  Make me feel good.  Stuff your cock in my
pussy and fuck me."
     Mr. Martin couldn't resist the beautiful sight of her drip-
ping pussy.  He grabbed her around the waist and pushed her
forward so she was leaning against the wall.  She moaned as the
tip of his cock entered her slippery slit.  Slowly, Mr. Martin
guided his entire length into her, inch by inch.
     When he was in her to the hilt, she gasped excitedly, "It
feels really good having your dick fill my pussy.  Now show me
how good it feels to be fucked by it."
     At her request, he started thrusting in and out of her in
long, slow strokes.  Her pussy tightened each time he pulled out,
trying to keep his love-pole inside.  She couldn't hold back her
soft screams of passion as he rammed his cock in and out faster
and harder with each successive stroke.  The reaming got her so
excited that she came again within a few minutes.
     She could feel Mr. Martin become tense as her orgasm subsid-
ed.  She let him slide out of her as she faced him and knelt.
Taking him in her hands, she licked some cum from his throbbing
cock.  She moved her lips to its head and sucked gently.  Sudden-
ly, she inhaled seven inches of his ten.  She wanted to swallow
his entire length, but she couldn't manage it.  Mr. Martin had
been so stimulated that he shot his load of sweet, sticky cum
down Brandi's throat on her first descent.  Letting several large
bursts slash down her throat, she lifted her lips to the head
again so she could take the rest in her mouth and taste its
goodness.
     When she finished him off, she stood and said, "I still need
my legs and pussy cleaned."
     Mr. Martin knelt to her feet and licked all the way up each
leg, cleaning them of cum.  When he reached her pussy, he took
his time licking the cum from its depths.  He sucked on her clit
as he enjoyed the smell of her body.  Finally, he stood and they
both got dressed.
     "I can see why that young man wanted you so badly," Mr.
Martin said smiling.  "You're quite a sex machine."
     "It wasn't really his idea to come here to fuck me," she
said as she adjusted her dress.  "It was mine.  If anyone should
get detention, it should be me."
     "I think you're right," he said.  "You can spend detention
in my office Monday after school."  As they left the rest room
together, he added, "And no one must know about any of this.  I
could lose my job over it."
     Brandi winked at him and said reassuringly, "Don't worry.  I
won't tell."
     "Are you ready to go?" Paula asked as she saw Brandi reap-
pear.
     "I guess so," Brandi answered.
     "What happened?  I saw Alan leave in a hurry," Paula in-
quired.
     "Nothing special.  He was just late for work."
     Ron left with the two girls.  Ron and Paula wanted to take a
drive by the lake.  Brandi was feeling tired so she crawled in
the back seat and took a nap.
     Brandi woke an hour later.  The car was parked, but it was
moving.  The moans from the front seat told Brandi immediately
what was happening.  She peaked over the seat and saw Paula's
naked body lying under Ron's.  He was ramming his spear deep
inside her pussy and nibbling on her tits.  He suddenly tensed
and groaned as his hot cum shot into her womb.
     Brandi laid down and pretended to still be asleep as the two
lovers got dressed.  Paula drove Ron home.  Once he was gone and
Paula was headed for home, Brandi climbed into the front seat.
She didn't realize that the buttons of her dress had come unfas-
tened.  As she straddled the seat, the dress fell wide open and
down around her waist.  Paula glanced over to say something to
Brandi and nearly ran the car off the road in her shock over
seeing her gorgeous friend's naked body.
     "You went to the prom in a dress that only had three buttons
and you didn't wear anything under it either?" Paula asked as she
regained control of the car and her composure.
     "Don't tell me you don't like it or what you see under it,"
Brandi said as she slipped the dress off completely.
     "I'm not complaining," Paula chuckled.  "I guess you made
Alan's night.  How was he?"
     "You'll have to try him some time to find out.  How was
Ron?"
     "You were spying on me again?" she said in mock surprise.
     "Of course.  It's fun watching you fuck guys."
     "I bet you would find it more enjoyable to fuck me yourself
though.  Wouldn't you?"
     "Yes, I would," Brandi said eagerly, "but what about Chad?"
     "I guess we can wait to share him.  I don't think I can wait
for you any longer.  The last two weeks dreaming about what your
pussy and clit would taste like has been murder on me.  I've
masturbated every night thinking about you."
     Paula pulled onto the shoulder of the road and stopped the
car.  She slipped out of her dress, revealing her sheer, bikini
underwear clad body.  She took off her underwear and walked to
the front of the car.  She stood in the headlight beams that she
had left on, rubbing her tits with one hand and her pussy with
the other.  Brandi followed her.
     Paula and Brandi embraced and began French-kissing.  Their
tongues probed deeply into their mouths, sliding in and out like
two warm, soft, and firm dicks.  Their tits were pressed tightly
together like four fleshy water balloons that wouldn't burst.
     Paula broke the embrace and had Brandi lean her ass against
the hood of the car.  She slid her tongue down to Brandi's erect
breasts.  Slowly she licked around the sensitive nipples, making
them pucker.  Then she placed her lips over one nipple and sucked
gently.  Brandi wretched slightly and moaned softly in apprecia-
tion.  Paula moved to the other nipple and provided the same
service.  Brandi again made her pleasure known quietly.
     Paula started nibbling on Brandi's nipples with slow,
thoughtful bites.  Brandi gasped at each nip.  Paula could tell
Brandi was enjoying the tit eating, but she was eager to taste
her friend's cunt.  She wanted to wait until after Brandi had
loved her tits though.
     They switched positions and Brandi went to work on Paula's
boobs.  Paula became so excited by Brandi's feasting that she
forgot about her desire to eat her pussy.  Brandi reminded her
with a kiss on the neck and whispered, "Let's eat each other
now."
     Paula laid on the hood of the car on her back.  Brandi
climbed up after her and straddled her head.  Paula reached up
and grabbed Brandi's waist and guided her twat down to her hungry
mouth.
     As Brandi felt the first movements of Paula's tongue on er
hot clit, she leaned over to bury her face between Paula's legs.
Taking in the smells of her friend's pussy, she was amazed at how
much she liked the aroma.  Actually doing what she had seen in
those movies was exciting, but the smells she hadn't been able to
imagine and they added a whole new dimension to the experience.
     Brandi placed her lips over her friend's clit and sucked as
she licked its firmness.  Paula was super sensitive and writhed
under her body.  Knowing she had found the spot to drive Paula
wild, Brandi continued working on her clit.
     Brandi suddenly felt the pressure of a finger being slid in
her pussy while Paula continued sucking her clit.  It felt like a
little dick and her vaginal muscles grasped its length.  Paula
inserted another finger momentarily and began fucking Brandi with
them.
     Brandi repeated these actions to Paula's pussy.  She then
had a great idea.  Remembering how turned on Paula had gotten
while being double fucked, Brandi pressed her other two fingers
against Paula's tight asshole.  Her anus constricted at the
slight intrusion, but Brandi slid the fingers in easily with one
thrust.  Paula tensed and screamed in Brandi's pussy, but didn't
miss a suck or stroke.
     Brandi soon felt a pressure at her own anus as she pumped
her fingers in and out of Paula's twin holes.  She relaxed at the
anticipation of what she knew was coming.  Just as Paula's stom-
ach churned with her orgasm, she slammed her fingers deep into
Brandi's ass.  The suddenness of the thrust and the taste of
Paula's cum in her mouth brought Brandi to her own climax.
     The two young women laid entangled, licking each other's
crotch clean.  Brandi turned and laid next to Paula.  They kissed
and held each other for a while as they restored their energy.
     A bright light suddenly fell upon their bodies and a dark
form appeared behind the beam.  The girls sat up in shock, grab-
bing for something to cover themselves, but finding nothing.
     "What have we here?" said the voice of the police officer as
he lowered the light to examine the young bodies.  "Two beauti-
ful, young ladies lying on the hood of a car on a street in the
middle of nowhere naked as jay birds."
     Paula managed to speak first, "We just stopped to," but she
couldn't continue her explanation.
     "Fuck each other," Brandi said cautiously, trying to deter-
mine how much trouble they were in.
     "I see," said the officer.  "I could take you in for inde-
cent exposure and public lewdness for what you were doing out
here."
     Paula pleaded, "Please, don't do that.  We weren't doing any
harm and no one was around to see us.  If my parents found out,
they would kill me."
     "I need a better reason than that," said the officer in a
firm voice that gave away a hint of anticipation.
     Brandi decided to try something.  She stood and whispered,
"We're both spent, but we could give you a blow job you wouldn't
soon forget."
     The officer looked at her, admiring her body, and said, "Are
you trying to bribe an officer of the law with sexual favors,
Miss?"
     Paula stood and followed Brandi's lead, "Yes, we are.  Is it
going to work?"
     Brandi stepped up to the officer and rubbed the bulge in his
uniform.  "I think this officer is going to draw his gun and
shoot us, Paula," she said playfully.  She unzipped his pants as
he removed his gun belt.
     Brandi pulled down his pants and underwear.  When she looked
back at his cock, she couldn't believe the size of it.  Paula
stepped behind Brandi and took a look at his dong and exclaimed,
"My, God!  That thing must be twelve inches long."
     Brandi had never believed there was a cock as big as Mr.
Martin's had been, much less the monstrous size of this man's.
"That's why the guys call me Horse," said the officer.
     "Well, we'll do our best to break you, Horse," said Brandi
as she kissed the head of his cannon.
     Paula knelt next to Brandi and helped her lick up and down
his dick.  They squeezed his hairy balls and fingered his ass as
they licked and kissed lovingly on the incredible phallus.
Brandi was the first to try swallowing it.
     She placed her lips around the head and slowly descended the
shaft.  She got half of it down before she had to stop.  Paula
took her turn and managed eight inches.  She was anxious to take
the whole thing so Brandi licked on his balls while her friend
continued trying.  The next time she took nine inches, then ten,
but she couldn't take any more than that.  Brandi tried again and
got up to nine inches down before she relinquished the massive
pecker to her friend again.  He was getting close to shooting his
load as Paula finally managed to get the whole twelve inches in
her throat.
     Having accomplished that feat, Brandi took over one last
time and managed to inhale ten inches.  As she sucked up his
rigid tube, a giant surge lifted from his waist.  Brandi quickly
let Paula place her lips next to her own on the glans just as
several sweet, hot, sticky wads of cum shot out.  The girls
swallowed every drop that he surrendered to them.
     The officer slowly dressed himself.  He looked at the girls
and said, "You girls better get home.  Have a nice night."  He
turned and went back to his car.
     The girls jumped in their car and drove home.  They were
both thinking as they left the officer behind, "We already have
had a nice night."
 
===============================================================
 
Chapter 3
Detention
 
     Brandi wore a leather mini-skirt and tight T-shirt to
school Monday.  She turned the heads of all the guys and most of
the girls.  Today was going to end with a bang and she wanted to
hint to everyone what she was in school for that day.  No one
would ever guess, of course, but they would enjoy watching her
flaunt her sexy, young body.
     The bell rang at the end of the day and the halls emptied
quickly.  Brandi entered Mr. Martin's office alone.  Mrs. James,
Mr. Martin's secretary, was sitting at her desk.  She was a
beautiful woman, and for a woman of forty she was extremely well
built and in great shape.
     Mrs. James stood and said, "You must be Brandi."
     "Yes," Brandi replied simply.
     "Mr. Martin has been waiting anxiously for you.  Follow
me."
     Brandi followed the woman to Mr. Martin's office.  Her
ass swayed gently with each stride and Brandi found herself
mesmerized by its motions.  Through the thin material of her
clothes, Brandi could tell that she wore no panties or bra.  Mrs.
James was a woman that Brandi would like to have sex with some
time.
     Mrs. James knocked on the door and opened it without
waiting for a response.  She introduced unnecessarily, "Brandi is
here, Wayne."
     "Thank you, Julie.  Close and lock the door, please," he
requested as he turned to face Brandi, "Come here, honey."
     As Brandi walked around the desk, Mr. Martin took off his
shirt, exposing his broad, muscular chest.  She noticed that he
had already removed his pants and was now sitting in his chair
totally nude.  His monstrous prick was standing at attention.
     Brandi knelt to take him in her mouth, but he stopped
her.  "Not yet.  You and Julie are going to fuck on my desk
first," he said smiling.
     Brandi turned and saw that Mrs. James had not left the
office.  She was just finishing undressing.  Her tits stood out
proudly.  Her pussy lips puckered hungrily.  She sat on the desk
in front of Brandi and spread her legs apart to give her a good
view of the treasures that waited to be plundered.
     As Brandi took Mrs. James' tits in her mouth and sucked
them gently, Wayne stripped her from behind.  When she was total-
ly naked, she sat next to Julie on the desk.  She stretched out
over the desk seductively.
     "You really got a hot one, Wayne," Mrs. James commented,
"She's ready, willing, and able to please."
     "You both look a little hungry," Mr. Martin smiled, "Why
don't you eat each other?"
     Mrs. James straddled Brandi's head and lowered her pussy.
Brandi thrust her tongue out as it came closer, anxious to taste
the older woman's snatch.  As her lips covered Mrs. James' hard
clit, Brandi felt the firmness of Mrs. James' tongue probing deep
inside her cunt.  The two women ate ravenously at each other's
mound until they both came in powerful orgasms.
     Mrs. James got off the desk.  She walked over to a cabi-
net on the other side of the room.  When she returned, Brandi
noticed that she was holding a thin, wooden yardstick and a
strap-on dildo.
     "Since you were caught fucking in the restroom, Brandi, I
am going to have to punish you," announced Mr. Martin taking the
yardstick from Mrs. James, "You will be struck with this stick on
your bare ass until you beg us to stop.  Julie, turn her over and
hold her down."
     Before she knew it, Mrs. James had flipped her onto her
stomach and was sitting on her shoulders so she couldn't escape.
Suddenly, Brandi felt the sharp sting of the yardstick as it
cracked against her butt.  A burning sensation shot through her
entire pelvic area.  Though the whipping hurt, the fire that shot
between her legs was exciting and pleasurable.  Mr. Martin struck
her several more times, each fueling the blaze between her legs
more.  She was in pain, but her ecstasy kept her from screaming.
     Mrs. James turned and looked at Brandi.  She said,
"Wayne, I don't think you're making an impression on her.  Her
eyes aren't even wet yet."
     The next three strikes were harder than any spanking she
had ever received for being bad.  The pleasure stopped and real
pain and anguish started.  She could feel welts rising on her
smooth ass from the blows.  Tears filled her eyes and she let out
a scream.
     Mr. Martin laughed, "That's more like it, darling.  We
must get the message clear."  He struck her three more times very
hard before dropping the stick.
     Brandi was crying loudly from the whipping.  She was
forced to sit up as Mrs. James put on the dildo.  She laid on the
desk next to Brandi.
     "Punishment is over," reassured Mr. Martin, "Now we get
to enjoy ourselves."
     Mrs. James coaxed Brandi to straddle her and take the
dildo inside her aching pussy.  Most of the pain had subsided
from her butt, but her pussy was still throbbing.  As the firm
plastic slid deep into her wet cunt, she forgot the soreness.
She began rocking up and down on the artificial cock.
     Brandi felt Mr. Martin's hands around her waist and was
expecting him to shove his prick up her ass.  She wasn't sure she
was ready for that yet.  When she realized that he had impaled
Mrs. James' cunt instead, she was grateful, but a little disap-
pointed, too.  She timed her rocking so that her down stroke made
her ass slam into Mr. Martin's thrusting stomach.
     Mrs. James had been really turned on by Brandi's spank-
ing.  Within five minutes, she arched her back and gasped with
her second orgasm.  Brandi admired the woman's ability to have
such powerful orgasms at her age.  She had always thought that
intensity diminished with age, but Mrs. James was proving her
wrong.
     Brandi continued to ride the fake dong joyously.  She
could feel a vague tingling from deep within her signaling the
coming of her orgasm.  It was still a few minutes away, but it
was becoming very noticeable.  Just then, Brandi felt a quick
spreading of her ass and a sharp pain as she felt her bunghole
being filled.
     It took her a second to realize what had happened.  The
thrusting of Mr. Martin's cock made it clear very shortly.  He
had pulled out of Mrs. James and quickly stabbed Brandi in the
ass with his mighty sword.  The surprise of the attack had let
him impale her to the hilt in one swift thrust.  Mrs. James' cum
had lubricated his pole well and it slid effortlessly in Brandi's
ass.
     The tightness of Brandi's anus brought Mr. Martin to a
quick conclusion after only five strokes.  The unexpected intru-
sion had also brought Brandi to the brink of climax.  As Brandi
arched her back and felt her warm cum flood her love canal, she
felt the gush of Mr. Martin's hot prick juice fill her anus.
     The three stood and cleaned off with some towels that
were in the cabinet.  They got dressed, Brandi trying not to
irritate her sore butt.  The cool leather had a soothing effect
once it was snug against the swollen flesh.
     "Thank you for your assistance, Julie," Mr. Martin said.
     "My pleasure," replied Mrs. James as she left the office.
     "I hope I don't see you in this office again, Brandi.
You may leave now."
     Just as Brandi reached the door she turned and asked,
"Mr. Martin, does that mean you would like to see me outside of
your office some time?"
     Mr. Martin grinned at her and said, "Go home, Brandi."
     Brandi returned the smile and left.
     When she walked into the outer office, Brandi noticed
that Mrs. James was talking to a junior boy and appeared to be
quite flustered.  Brandi recognized the boy as Alan, her prom
date.  Not wanting him to see her coming from Mr. Martin's of-
fice, she ducked into a small closet and watched them through the
crack she left open.  As she watched, Mrs. James looked nervous.
     Alan could be overheard saying, "If you don't want your
husband to find out, you're going to have do something to keep me
quiet."
     "What?" Mrs. James asked.
     "Take me to Mr. Martin's office first," he instructed.
     Perplexed, Mrs. James led Alan past Brandi's hiding place
to Mr. Martin's office.  Brandi heard the door open, but couldn't
hear what was said.  She decided that she would risk taking a
look to see what was happening.  Just as she looked down the
short hall, Mrs. James closed the door.  She had seen Brandi and
motioned for her to go to the door before she shut it.  Brandi
hurried to the door and listened.
     "He threatened to tell my husband about what happened,"
Mrs. James was explaining, "because he heard us fucking through
the door."
     "What will it take to keep you quiet?" asked Mr. Martin.
     "All I want from you is the name of the girl that was in
here," Alan said, "and I want to fuck her and Mrs. James like you
were doing."
     "I can't do that and you know it," said Mr. Martin.
     "You don't have a choice.  It's either tell me her name
or you lose your job and Mrs. James loses her marriage."
     "I'll be happy to fuck you if you won't tell my husband,"
begged Mrs. James.
     "I'm glad you're so willing, but there's no deal without
the girl," insisted Alan.
     "I can't, but I'll help you fuck Julie," offered Mr.
Martin.
     "Are you kidding!" exclaimed Alan.  "I don't touch other
guys!"
     "I said I was going to help you fuck Julie, not fuck
you."
     "Still no deal," said Alan in a tone that signified that
he wasn't going to change his position.
     Brandi decided on a plan that would get Mrs. James and
Mr. Martin out of their predicaments and teach Alan a lesson
about trying to blackmail people.  She stripped off her clothes
quickly and quietly tried to open the door.  Mrs. James hadn't
locked it this time.  She looked in and smiled to herself.
     Brandi slipped in the door and dropped her clothes on the
floor.  She closed the door loudly and locked it.  The three
turned in surprise at the entrance of the naked beauty.  Brandi
walked over seductively to Alan and began stripping him as she
said, "I believe you wanted me for something."
     As Alan stood nude with Brandi caressing his body, Mrs.
James started undressing.  During her passionate embrace, Brandi
motioned for Mr. Martin to undress also.  Alan kissed her, slowly
darting his tongue between her lips, and she returned it willing-
ly.
     Alan broke the kiss first and pushed Brandi down.  She
trailed her tongue down his chest and stomach to his erect cock.
As she began the slow, loving blow job, Mrs. James moved next to
him and let him kiss and suck on her tits.  Mr. Martin quietly
stroked his own stiff pipe as he watched the trio.
     After several minutes, Alan had Brandi stop.  He laid on
the desk and pulled Brandi towards his head and Mrs. James to-
wards his waist.  Brandi knew what he wanted.  She could tell
that he had been very close to climaxing from her blow job and he
was anxious to finish in Mrs. James now.
     Mrs. James climbed onto the table and straddled Alan's
waist.  When Brandi was positioned over his head, they both
lowered themselves.  Brandi felt the strong, warm tongue caress
her clit as she watched Mrs. James guide Alan's big cock up her
pussy.  Mrs. James began riding him excitedly, moaning with
pleasure.  Brandi was really getting thrilled by the tongue
fucking she was receiving, too.  She leaned over and took one of
Mrs. James' tits in her mouth and began sucking on it.
     Within five minutes, Alan tensed and shot a load of hot
cum into Mrs. James' snatch.  The two women waited for him to
finish before they moved.  Mrs. James, despite the circumstances,
seemed to be thoroughly enjoying herself.  The women spent sever-
al minutes cleaning his cum soaked dick with their mouths.
     Alan stayed in his position as he recovered.  Brandi and
Mrs. James switched positions.  Brandi turned her back towards
Alan's head.  The two women again lowered themselves to their
intended targets.  Brandi could hear Mrs. James' gasps of pleas-
ure behind her as Alan ate her pussy.  Brandi began pumping his
cock inside her tight pussy.
     Brandi looked over at Mr. Martin, who was still stroking
his huge, oiled erection, and motioned for him.  He walked to her
with a questioning look.  When he reached her, he leaned close to
her.
     Brandi whispered, "Spread his legs and start playing with
my clit.  When I tell you, slide your cock up his ass.  That
ought to teach him not to blackmail people."
     Mr. Martin nodded and smiled.  He reached down and start-
ed rubbing Brandi's clit as she continued to ride Alan.  To keep
his own dick hard, he stroked it, though much slower.
     Mrs. James soon shrieked in ecstasy as she exploded in
orgasm.  Alan noisily slurped all of her cum from her pussy.
Brandi felt that she and Alan were both close to finishing so she
nodded to Mr. Martin.  With one swift thrust, Mr. Martin's cock
disappeared into Alan's dark, tight asshole.  In surprise and
pain, Alan screamed.  At hearing this, Brandi became so excited
that she came.
     The pain didn't last long and Brandi kept riding him.  He
soon shot his second load into her from the added stimulation of
his prostate.  The tightness of Alan's ass, brought Mr. Martin to
his climax at the same time.  The four of them slumped together
on top of the desk satisfied, but Alan soon jumped up in disgust
as he realized fully what had just happened to him.
     "You fag!" Alan screamed.  "You just got yourself fired.
I'm telling about everything that's happened here today."
     "No," cried Mrs. James.
     Brandi looked casually at Alan and grinned.  "I don't
think you want to do that," she said.
     "And why not?" challenged Alan.
     "Because if you told, the story would go around that you
blackmailed Mr. Martin into fucking you in the ass and that you
really enjoyed it.  What do you think everyone would say about
you then?" countered Brandi smoothly.
     Alan knew.  He lowered his head in defeat.
     "Now, nobody is going to say anything about the very
pleasant activities that have occurred here.  Right?" Brandi
said.
     "Right," replied Mrs. James, relieved.
     "Right," answered Mr. Martin.
     "Okay," said Alan.
     They all got dressed and left the school.  Brandi was
surprised that her butt hadn't hurt her through the whole ordeal
and wasn't sore now.  She guessed she hadn't been hit as hard as
she had thought and that the cool leather had helped soothe her
flesh.  She went home with a smile of victory and satisfaction on
her face.
