Bridesmaid
by deirdre

I was forced to arrange my own engagement: I have no family left 
and my fiance, Davy, didn't know how to handle an engagement.  He 
was lucky to have me guide him through it.

However, Davy's mother was happy to arrange the wedding, just as if 
I were her own daughter.  One result of this is that she chose Davy's 
sister, Selene, to be my maid of honor.  This was a little weird 
because I had never met Selene--she lives on the other side of the 
country and seldom has anything to do with her family.

The result of all this is that I met my maid of honor the night before 
our wedding.  Selene was flying in that evening and was not going to 
stay with her parents, but using her own lodging arrangements.  
Through Davy, she arranged to meet me for a drink right after her 
flight arrived so we could get to know each other.

So I found myself alone in this bar, waiting for someone I had never 
seen before and I wasn't even sure she had made it into town.  The 
bar was a bit wild--not the type of place I ever go to (not that I 
spend much time in bars!), and I was more than a little nervous.  The 
guys were all leering and two guys offered to buy me drinks.  I 
refused.  I think some of the guys were homosexual.  All the girls 
were wearing some of the sleaziest outfits I had ever seen--one girl
wore nothing below her waist but black tights.  Another wore a 
transparent blouse.  And another was wearing this little black dress 
completely made of latex, I think.  She was blonde and with a body 
like I'd never seen before and every guy in the place was staring at 
her.  A lot of the girls were too.  No one approached her though--it 
was like they were intimidated by her looks.  She just walked 
through the middle of the crowd, looked around, then looked directly 
at me!

I froze like a bird hypnotized by a snake--she was definitely looking 
at me!  I had a queasy feeling about some of the girls in this place.  
Then she walked right up to me so she was only inches away.  It was 
weird being so close to that body.  It's kind of funny, but a part of me 
felt smug that of all the people in the bar, she came up to me.  Such 
thoughts!  She smiled a sly smile, and I felt like she was reading my 
mind.  Then she said "You must be Sherry."  I stared at her in 
confusion for a moment, wondering how she knew my name.  It was 
like a dream.  "I'm Selene," she continued after I stood there mute 
for twenty seconds.  I'm sure my jaw dropped.  Then I saw it: she had 
the same eyes as Davy.  I never said anything--I just stood there 
looking stupid as we stood at the bar.  She ordered us drinks  "I hope 
Davy won't wimp out and let you walk all over him," she said.

I was out of my element.  This was too much for me.  I stared open-
mouthed for a second, then started to protest.

"Do you swallow his cum?" 

I couldn't take this.  It was too much for me.  I blurted "I think that's 
kind of personal."  Those were the first words I managed to get out.

"Do you take his cock in your ass?"  She had this evil smile.  I 
started to stammer again.  "It's short notice for me to make sure 
you're trained by your wedding night."  And she walked away!  I sat 
there staring at her as she walked away.  Something made me stare 
at her rear.  As she walked out, I saw her stop at a table with two 
girls.  She looked down at one and took the girl's chin in her hand, 
raising the girl's face toward her own.  She smiled down at the girl, 
said something to her and left.  Both the girls at the table quickly 
got up and followed her out.

That was it--my visit with my maid-of-honor and future sister-in-
law.  I finished my drink, trying to recover from the shock, and went 
home.

I awoke to our big day, but still couldn't help thinking about that 
encounter.  I didn't see her again all morning, for which I was 
thankful.  Everything went smoothly, though naturally I was more 
than a little nervous and excited.  We got to the church and my 
mother-in-law-to-be helped me into my dress.  She went off to 
oversee things and I sat and waited, trying to remain calm.  Then 
Selene came in the room, closing the door behind her.  She was 
wearing the maid-of-honor dress, but she still looked absolutely 
stunning--the seemingly-innocent dress looked so sexy on her and 
I'm sure any guy who saw her would be drooling.

She said a quick "Hi" and came in, looking happy.  For a second, some 
of my nervousness about her left me.  But she moved in real close to 
me, and having my face inches away from her body made me nervous.  
She said something about training again.  My face was almost in her 
chest.  Her breasts were so perfect!  I was aware of her perfume--a 
scent I was not familiar with.  She was looking down at me, still 
smiling.  She started slowly moving her body, as if she were dancing 
some sleazy dance.  Then she sat next to me and brought her face 
inches away from mine.  Our eyes were locked.  She was still 
smiling.  She brought her face even closer to mine, and licked her 
lips.  My lips opened as hers approached.

Then suddenly, there was something in my mouth--cloth.  She had 
stuffed a towel into my mouth!  She grabbed me and rolled me over 
and pushed me down so I was kneeling on the couch backward, 
leaning over the back...then I felt my hands tied behind me!  
Handcuffs!  Then I felt my skirt being raised behind me and I felt her 
drawing my panties down!

Immediately, her fingers were caressing my sex.  I struggled for a 
moment, but she was strong and I was tied up.  Soon I was breathing 
hard.  I couldn't believe this was happening.  She continued softly 
rubbing and said quietly "Come on".  She sounded amused.  Then she 
slipped a finger into my vagina.

I was so embarrassed.  I heard her say "That-a-girl", then I felt a 
sharp sting--she slapped my rear!  As the sting died away, I realized 
that she had put a finger in my rear hole!  She slid the fingers in and 
out, continuing to rub me, and my body continued to shudder.  She 
told me to "relax it" in a no-nonsense voice, and I felt her pushing 
more fingers into my rear!  My body felt like it was on fire!

Just when I thought I couldn't stand it any more, she pulled out her 
fingers.   Then  I felt something against my rear, and she was 
ordering me to relax it again.  Then I felt something huge entering 
my rear!  A dildo or something!  She kept pushing it in, and I couldn't 
believe how full my rear end felt!  Soon she was putting my panties 
back in place and she took off the handcuffs and took the towel out 
of my mouth.  I just stood there in a daze able to think of nothing but 
that dildo filling up my rear.

She told me it was time to go.  I went, and walked up the aisle.  I 
was like a zombie throughout the whole ceremony, my mouth hanging 
open.  I was lucky to get all the words right.  I couldn't think of 
anything but that feeling.  After the ceremony, I had to force myself 
to greet all the guests.  Before the guests came by, the members of 
the wedding party kissed me.  When Selene kissed me, she had that 
smile and I knew what she was thinking.  Somehow, she got a hand 
around on my rear just for a second.  Her kiss was just a second 
longer than necessary and she managed to get her tongue into my 
mouth.  My heart was racing.  I could have died.

Selene followed me everywhere until I was at the reception.  She 
made sure the dildo remained.  Sitting on it made it twice as hard to 
think about anything else!  I had to concentrate so hard to follow 
what was going on.  And any time I lost concentration, I was a 
zombie again, contemplating that full feeling in my rear.  I don't 
know how I got through everything.

Finally, at the end of the evening, Davy and I went up to our room in 
the hotel.  But before we shut the door, Selene had slipped in.  She 
was carrying bottles of champagne.  Davy didn't know what was 
going on.  Selene opened a bottle, took a swig right from the bottle, 
and passed it around.  I had already had had some champagne, but I 
drank more.  Davy still looked confused, but Selene smiled that dirty 
little smile.  She whispered something in Davy's ear and he smiled--
and I saw a gleam in his eye I'd never seen before.

Davy and I were sitting on the side of the bed, still in our wedding 
clothes.  Selene stood up in front of us.  She locked eyes with me and 
I couldn't look away.  What had she told Davy?  I was still feeling the 
dildo in my ass.  She put one foot out in front of her.  It was a 
purposeful gesture and she looked at me, significantly.  I wondered 
what she wanted me to do?  Something with her high-heeled foot?

I knew some of the things she had planned.  I knew she was in charge 
here and I had to do what she wanted.  What did she want?  She 
wanted something.  She wanted my submission.  Davy was still 
looking at me in an interested way.  I could see our marriage wasn't 
going to be as conventional as I had planned.

What did she want?  I knew she wanted me to show her my 
submission.  I had to think.  I got down on my hands and knees, right 
there in my wedding dress.  I felt so turned on.  I lowered my head 
and kissed her shoe.  I looked up at her.  Davy was standing next to 
her.  I could see she wanted me to do something with Davy.  I got up 
on my knees in front of him and unzipped his fly.  My rear felt so full.
