                   BREAKING AND ENTERING========
 
     I have been watching this one apartment for 3 weeks
planning how to break in and steal what ever I can without
being caught by the stud that lives there. It is late one
evening as I carefully approach the back door. I cautiously
slip my credit card between the lock and the door jab. The
lock cylinder slips back into the door with a loud click and
the door swung open. The hinges creak as I open the door wider
and enter the service porch. I quietly shut the door,
cross the room and go through the door at the far end that
leads into another room. I open the door and slip silently
into the darkened room.
      I am half way through the door, when a powerful hand
reached out and slammed into my groin. The strong fingers
dug into my levi clad crotch and clamped shut tightly around
my nuts. I yelled with terror until the light in the hall
suddenly snapped on, exposing a powerfully built man in a
highway patrolman's uniform. He pulled me into the room by
my balls, and shut the door behind us. He continued to
squeeze my nuts with his powerful grip, kneading and
crushing them between his powerful fingers. He thought that
I would succumb to his nut cracking grip and surrender
without a fight, but my nuts are tougher than any he has
previously encountered. Even with his strong forearm muscles
bulging and straining he is aware that I am not giving into him,
nor was I begging to be released from his fearsome grasp.
     He pulled me further into the room until we are in the
center of a large cleared area. He yanked down on my
nuts viciously, and ordered me to kneel before him. He was
still holding me by my balls while he stepped behind me.
Then he ordered me to place my hands behind my back where he
handcuffed them together. Only then did he release his grip
on my balls, and even then only momentarily, before he
reached around my kneeling body and drove BOTH of his hands
into the crotch of my levis until he found my basket. He
locked one of my balls in each of his hands and began to
squeeze and crush them again. The heavy denim of my levis
reduced some of the effects of his twin nut claws, but
didn't afford complete protection. Only now was the pain
beginning to build in my crotch, but it was not overpowering,
only an inconvenience. He released his holds and slipped his
right hand into the waist band of my levis.
Finding the bottom of my well worn T-shirt, he seized the
fabric and with one violent motion ripped it up over my
washboard stomach, broad hairless chest and shoulders before
he shredded it to tatters.
      With my muscular upper body fully exposed he had
trouble containing his desire to work me over and use my
body for whatever as he wanted. Again he reached around my
waist, but instead of attacking my balls, he undid my belt
and pulled it from around my waist before using it to bind
my arms. Then he grabbed the front of my levis with both
hands and yanked them apart, instantly undoing the five
studs that held my fly shut, exposing my jockstrap clad
basket. Again he drove his hands deep into my crotch but
this time his hands had no trouble reaching my nuts, and he
dug his fingers into my manhood. He worked his fingers
deeper and deeper into my tough sac. As he tried to scramble
my balls, my cock sprang to attention and he took great
delight in its length and girth. My hard on distracted
him, and he slipped one of his hands around its shaft.
Finally he spoke in a deep bass voice, "I see you enjoy
what I am doing to your manhood asshole. Well I've only
just begun. You haven't seen or felt ANYTHING yet!" He
pulled up on my cock and balls until I was standing, then
he turned me around to face him.
      As soon as we are facing each other, he slipped his
arms around my waist and pulled my levis down over my
thighs, preventing me from using my legs or knees to
counterattack and preventing easy escape. Then he drove his
knee solidly right into my bulging basket. He ground his
hard bony kneecap into my gonads attempting to make mush
out of them. He was surprised that after four solid knee
lifts directly into my exposed and defenseless nuts, I
still hadn't lost my HARD ON or collapsed into a whimpering
heap at his feet. "How interesting!" he said. "Most men
would have been begging for me to stop pounding their nuts,
but not you, you only seem to relish me bashing your balls!
I really get my rocks off working over another man's balls,
so we'll see just how much punishment your nuts can
withstand before your eggs crack.
      He rammed his knee into my nuts for a fifth time, and
spun me around so that he was behind me. He clasped his hands
together and slammed them down on the back of my neck driving
me to the floor. I landed on my face and knees. His fist shot
between my legs, his hard knuckles connected with my low
hanging balls causing them to swing wildly between my legs.
His upper cut caught me by surprise, but then he withdrew his
clenched fist and slapped my balls with his open hand. Again
I felt the power of his grip as his fingers clamped shut,
trapping my balls. He squeezed, stretched and twisted my
balls, mauling them until I was forced flat on my stomach.
He released me from his nut cracking grip, but as he stood
up he forced his foot between my legs and pinned my balls to
the floor with his bare foot, my nuts oozing between his
toes. He had just gotten home from a hard day as a
motorcycle cop and the only clothing that he had time to
remove before my unannounced entry was his riding boots and
socks. He kept his toes pressing deeply into my nuts while
he removed his shirt, then he placed most of his weight on
my balls while he slipped out of his pants. He reached down
and turned me over, his jockstrap clad body towered over me.
Again I felt his weight as he stomped his bare foot into my
nuts, and ground his heel into them. "Now fucker we're going
to get down to some serious work." He stepped between my legs,
reached down and grabbed the cuffs of my levis and proceeded
to pull them off. Stripping me stark ass naked. He dropped
between my legs and spread them apart with his knees,
exposing my manhood to his wanton desires.
      His initial assault was a hard right bare knuckled
fist right between the nuts. He twisted and dug his knuckles
into my nuts when his punch connected. Then he grabbed my
rock hard cock with one hand to keep it out of the way while
he repeatedly pounded his fist into my defenseless balls.
After ten or twenty solid dead center nut punches, he grabbed
my balls and began twisting and yanking them. Now I was
feeling real pain as I contorted my body in an attempt to
escape his vicious grip. When I brought my head up I could
clearly see the outline of his massive balls and now
hardening cock in his jockstrap. "I'm going to make you beg
for your balls," he bellowed, as he doubled the force of his
attack on my manhood. Swiftly he released his twin holds and
slammed his knee into my crotch. Then he raised his leg up
and brought his knee crashing down and ground my nuts into my
own crotch. He continued to grind and pulverize my nuts with
repeated knee drops causing my legs to flail wildly. He
slipped his right arm under my left leg and lifted it up over
his shoulder exposing my crotch even more, before he slammed
his open hand into my nuts and again locked them in a nut
cracker, his thumb splitting my sac while his flingers
clamped tightly around my balls. He kept his hand locked
around my balls while he flipped me over onto my stomach,
twisting and wrenching them as he did so. Suddenly I felt his
hand rubbing my ass, then the crack that separates my cheeks.
He was poking and prodding my hole with his hand while he
continued to massage my balls. He let go of my balls and
spread my legs with his knees. I felt a slippery substance
being spread between my cheeks and then I felt the tip of his
cock as he prepared to penetrate my hole.
       Carefully he lined up his horse cock with my tight
hole, the large head pressing tightly against it. Then with
one mighty lunge he buried his well lubed cock half way into
my tight ass. I almost passed out from the sudden penetration
of my asshole. He ground his cock deep into my guts, ramming
it in deeper with each thrust. His cock got even harder he
increased the tempo of his pumping cock until he was going
wild with animal lust. My own cock swelling and begging for
relief and my nuts although well man handled were churning
with the expected orgasm. He reached around my chest and
grabbed both of my solid round pecs with his expert fingers
and began to knead them until my tits were as rock hard as
both of our cocks. He clamped my tits between his strong
fingers and bit down on my neck with his teeth as his body
began to spasm, signaling that he was about to shoot. And
shoot he did. I thought that his cum would blast the tonsils
right out of my throat. As he unloaded his load in my guts,
I unloaded mine on his carpet, almost gluing my stomach to
it. He kept his big cock buried deep in my guts until he
positive that he had totally shot his wad, then as his cock
began to soften he withdrew.
       He undid the hand cuffs and freed my hands. Maybe he
was spent but I sure wasn't. As he rolled off my back, I
turned over and found him lying on his back with his legs
spread. Such an inviting target was too much to ask for. I
lifted my left leg high in the air, swung it over his body
and drove my knee into his unsuspecting and exposed, spent
nuts. He howled agony as the shocking pain in his nuts hit
his brain. His legs clamped tightly against my knee, but I
didn't withdraw it. Instead I raised myself up with my arms
and increased the pressure on his nuts, grinding and gouging
my knee viciously into his spent balls and swollen manhood.
He was now about to get a taste of his own medicine. I
grabbed both of his wrists, and snaked my knees between his
legs spreading them wide apart. Then I raised my hips up and
slammed them down against his groin driving my still hard
pile driving cock directly into his nuts. I used my stiff
dick like a battering ram and continued to pound it into his
balls. He twisted and turned as I now assaulted his manhood
with mine, driving my stiff dick into his nuts while I did
pushups over his supine body. Just as I drove my knee into
his nuts, he broke free from my grasp. His hands shot for his
balls in an attempt to protect them from my attacks but to
no avail. I simply drove my knee into his hands and smashed
his nuts even harder. Then he grabbed for my balls hoping
that a counterattack would work in his favor. Just as his
hands reached my balls, I hammered my bare fist into his
nuts, a solid upper cut right between his twin orbs. Again
he dropped his hands to cover his groin and cup his hurting
nuts. I quickly rolled him over and reached around his waist,
grasping and groping until I found his hot sticky balls
and seized them with my twin nut claws. Now he was powerless
to protect himself while I brutally massaged his nuts and
prepared to ram my stiff dick up his ass and violate his
hole, the same way that he had violated mine.
       I rammed my cock into his hole without the benefit of
lube, since my cock was already slippery from having shot
once that night. His ass was tight, but I continued to force
my cock into his tight dark hole. I ground the head of my
dick against his sphincter muscle until it finally surrendered
and allowed my ample cock entrance. I pumped my cock in and
out of his hole, plunging it in deeper with each thrust until
the sticky cum filled hair of my bush was pressed tightly
against his ass cheeks. I continued to ream his asshole with
my big dick, and mangle his nuts with both of my hands. I
pounded the head of my dick against his prostrate until I
unloaded for the second time that night, but this time deep
in his guts instead of wasting it on his carpet. My cock was
still hard when I pulled it out of his hole. I let go of his
nuts and stood up between his legs. With so inviting a
target, I couldn't resist. I drove my toes directly into his
battered testicles. I punted his balls with my bare feet
until I had knocked him out and crushed his one proud balls.
Although he had caught me redhanded trying to rip him off,
overpowered and fucked me, I still had beaten him and at his
own game. I pulled my levis over legs, and stuffed my cock
and balls into them. My t-shirt was a worthless rag so I left
the apartment barechested and empty handed.
