(continuation of my breast fantasy) <Part 1>                           
                                                                       
    This truly diabolical fantasy involves me and my pet cat. Only     
my pet kitty is exceptional, because he is a fully grown African Lion  
that weighs in excess of 450lbs. "Sam", as I like to call him, has     
been with me for almost his entire life. He has been a great friend    
to me and I have treasured his companionship. I have always spent      
alot of time with him, as he was growing up, teaching him how to       
play and to accept me as his keeper. Sam has grown so much in the past 
few months, that his size and great strength make it almost impossible 
for me to physically control him anymore. He has such a large appetite 
now, that it is very hard (expense wise) for ay that I got him to acquire a 
taste for such things was very easy    
for him and unbelievably pleasurable for me. As he was growing up, I   
used to sometimes play with him in the nude. I loved the way his thick 
coarse mane felt against my smooth delicate flesh as we rolled around  
in the grass. Sometimes when I hugged and stroked his mane, he would   
show his appreciation by gently licking me. The sensation of his huge, 
rough, and always wet tongue on my body was very stimulating, but      
the first time he licked his great tongue across one of my erect       
nipples I almost had an instant orgasm. The only problem was, he only  
licked my breasts when he wanted to and not when I tried to coax him   
into doing it. So one day I decided to make my large supple breasts    
more appealing to his fickle tongue by covering them with honey.       
    With my tits dripping with honey, I laid down in front of him and  
waited for him to pick up the scent of my golden dipped mellons. As    
soon as I saw his nostrils flair and his gaze drop down to my eagarly  
awaiting and throbbing chest, I almost came from the anticipation.     
Slowly, he lowered his curious head and began sniffing the alien aroma 
that had awakened his keen sense of smell. My chest was pounding so    
hard as he carefully inspected each of my gooey jugs, that they were   
visibly jiggling with every beat of my heart. When I saw his huge      
jaws begin to open and felt his hot panting breath upon me, I closed   
my eyes and arched my back upwards so my sticky quivering mounds would 
be an easy quarry for my beloved beast. As his large cupped tongue     
quickly protruded from his mouth to sample my sweet nectar, I grabbed  
his mane and pulled my eagarly awaiting breasts tightly against his    
prickly lips. He tried to jerk his head back but I clutched onto him   
harder and mashed my large sweet tasting orbs of flesh even tighter    
against his mouth. When the deliciously sweet substance was finally    
discovered by Sam's taste buds, his mouth parted and his wet n' wildly 
magical member began torturing my breasts with the feverish lapping    
that they had been so anxiously anticipating. As wave after wonderful  
wave of joyous pleasure coursed through my trembling loins, I released 
my hold and laid on my back once again. This time Sam didn't hesitate  
at all. He quickly brought his head down and let his hungry tongue dip 
into this newly found delicacy once again. He continued to fiendishly  
lick my incredibly erect nippled mounds until they became so raw and   
sore that I had to reluctantly roll out from under his vigorously      
stroking tongue. I was beginning to fear that his roughly textured     
oral membrane was about to break the soft skin of my very red and      
swollen young mammaries. As I arose and looked down at my glowing and  
puffy pink paps, I realized that a few more of Sam's hard licks would  
have caused them to start bleeding. If that had of happened, there is  
no telling what he would've done when the taste of my warm succulent   
juices flowed onto his tongue and aroused his beastly instincts.       
As I looked back down into his glaring eyes, a cold chill bolted up my 
spine as the hungry gaze in his wild stare hinted to me what would've  
happened if we had of gone further. With the realization of how close  
I had come to being feasted upon by the same mouth that had just       
moments before given me so much pleasure, I slowly backed away and very
cautiously escaped to the safety of my house.     (continued)          
