			      The Breeding Bitch



	Janice heard the knock at the door and realized she 
still had no idea what to say to Carol.  She wanted to confront 
the bitch for sure.  Steve was her guy, had been for years, and 
that sneaky slut Carol had been creeping around, flirting, 
enticing her man away.
	Ruth, one of Janice's co-workers had just happened to 
see them together on the north side of town.  Of course she 
couldn't wait to get on the phone to Jancie.
	"She was all over him", Ruth had reported.  "And he 
didn't seem to mind it a bit."  
	Good old Ruthie.
	Of course he didn't mind it.  When some bitch 
practically waves her pussy in your face a guy was going to 
reach out and get some.  Especially when they look like Carol.
Steve was not blameless here and she would deal with him and
his unfaithfullness seperately, but that slut Carol must have
been working overtime to get him to stray so visibly.  Janice
was no slouch herself and she sure didn't need to be tutored on 
the finer points of pleasing a man.  All the more reason to 
suspect Carol as the primary conspirator in this little drama.  
A quick lesson on the finer points of 'private property' was 
what she needed, Janice thought.
	By the time she reached the door, Janice had worked her 
anger back up to a frenzied level and she stopped, her hand on 
the doorknob, to gain a little control.  The image of Carol 
and Steve together was slamming through her brain.  Have they 
done it, she thought.  Well not anymore, not after today, I can 
guarentee that.  She and Carol were just aquaintenances, not 
really friends, and Janice felt no misgivings about pounding 
her ass into the floor if it became necessary.  But not yet.  
First the civilized approach.  And if that didn't work - well...
	She opened the door and there was Carol.  Sunglasses 
and a saccharine sweet smile designed to show off her dazzling and 
perfect teeth. The baggy sundress she was wearing did little to 
hide her petite and curvacious figure and Janice felt a rise in 
the angry temperature that she was trying hard to control.  
Mentally, she began counting to ten.
	"Well", Carol said, not bothering to hide the 
irritation in her voice.  "Can I come in."
	Janice stepped aside, saying nothing, and Carol walked 
in like she owned the place.
	She tossed her purse on the couch and surveyed the 
living area with a contemptuous eye as Janice closed the door 
and followed her into the room.
	"If this is about Steve, well then we can go ahead and 
get a few things straight without me having to waste my time.  
If you think-"
	A bark from the kitchen stopped Carol short and Rock, 
Janice's four year old German Shepherd trotted into the room, 
anxious to check out the stranger that had invaded his 
territory.  Mature and filled out with muscle, he came right up 
to Carol, sniffing first at her legs and then boldly moving 
behind her to poke his nose through the fabric of her dress and 
into the cleft of her ass.
	"Good god, Janice, call him off."  Carol stepped away 
from the dog but he circled her legs, keeping his nose at her 
rump, his actions more intense as he attempted to locate the 
smell that was exciting him.  He tugged at the dress with his 
teeth and when Carol moved away he uttered a low growl.
	"Janice get him away from me.  I don't like dogs and 
he's going to ruin my dress."
	Janice giggled.  "He smells something he likes.  He's 
pretty horny, I think.  The neighbors have a couple of females 
that are in season and it's been driving him crazy lately."
	"Well, he's not my type. Call him off, he's ruining my 
dress."
	Ooohhh!" she cried, as Rock gave her a particularly 
aggressive poke in the rump with his nose.  Startled, she 
stepped forward only be to pulled back by another tug at her dress.
	Janice opened her mouth to call off the dog and then 
stopped.  She was enjoying Carol's discomfort.  In a small way, 
it helped her feel better about the situation with Steve.  And 
then it hit her.  Revenge.  Rock and revenge.  Maybe, just 
maybe, she could really teach Carol a lesson.  The vision of 
what she imagined burst into her head like a mini explosion, 
bringing a devilish smile to her face as she turned to Carol.
	"Take off your dress." she said to Carol.
	Still dancing away from Rock's advances and tugs, she 
turned to Janice with an incredulous look on her face.  
Immediately, Rock seized the advantage with another strong poke 
at her ass.  Carol jumped, clearly uncomfortable with the way 
the situation was developing.  That damn dog would not leave 
her alone.
	"What are you talking about, take off my dress.  Are 
you crazy?"  Rock expertly used his size and height against 
Carol's legs, confining her to a small area of the carpeted 
floor and she was beginning to tire.  Janice thought the whole 
scene very amusing.
	"Maybe he smells something on the dress." Janice said, 
knowing otherwise.  "He's going to tear it up if you don't. 
Besides, maybe he'll leave you alone if he has the dress to 
occupy himself with.  I'll get you something else to wear."
	Carol looked doubtful, but a few more pokes and prods 
from Rock along with that low growling convinced her.  She 
pulled the straps of the sundress down over her shoulders and 
it fell to the floor, puddling at her feet. 
	Carol was wearing nothing underneath, just as Janice 
had suspected.  Janice looked at her, trying to see her the way 
Steve would.  That perfect little body, creamy skin and round 
breasts.  Janice would give her that.  Carol was a knockout.  
Steve always did have great taste in women.  
	Janice watched as Carol stepped out of her shoes and
away from the dress, now completely naked.
	
	

	Rock paid not a bit of attention to the dress on the 
floor, as Janice knew he wouldn't.  She watched with amusement 
as he moved straight towards the naked girl.  Carol's mouth 
opened wide as he stuck his wet nose right into the dark bush 
between her legs and gave a tentative lick.
	"My god!" she cried.  "Get him away from me, Janice."
	She covered her pussy mound with both hands and stepped
backwards but Rock quickly moved around behind her and put his 
nose in her rear again, swiping his wet toungue between the 
cheeks of her ass several times.
	"Janice, please get him away from me.  Please."
	No longer was her tone sarcastic.  Now it was more of a 
plea.  Carol turned this way and that, trying to avoid the 
dog's probing nose and toungue but Rock was there at every 
opportunity, effectively limiting her area to a few sqare feet 
of the floor.  Janice, fascinated by the display, sat herself 
on the couch and crossed her legs, getting comfortable.  This 
is perfect, she thought.
	"Please, Janice." Carol said.  Her voice sounded feeble 
and weak. Janice said nothing.
	Rock moved in front of the naked woman and extended his 
nose between her legs.  Carol reached out with her hands to 
push his head away but Rock, anticipating the move, backed 
away.  Off balance, Carol leaned forward and fell to her knees 
on the floor.
	Instantly sensing this new advantage, Rock moved in 
and quickly had his nose between Carol's legs.  His long 
toungue snaked out through the hairy patch.  Carol tried to 
push him away but he couldn't be budged. Instead, he pushed 
himself even closer, burying his snout between her legs.
	"Janice, please-"  Carol's hands fluttered weakly 
against the dog's neck and she tried to fight the initial wave 
of excitement building within her as Rock's rapidly moving 
toungue inadvertently began stroking across the more sensitive
areas of her pussy.  This can't be happening, she thought. 
	The toungue hit her clit and a spasm shuddered through 
her body.  Suddenly, Rock was gone, and Carol could feel 
tremors running through her body at the sudden stopping of the 
intense sensation of the dog's toungue.  
	Then, something cold and wet touched her rump, and she 
jerked up on her knees, raising her ass high as she did so.  
Immediately, the toungue was back between her legs, stroking 
and prodding.  Rock had moved around behind her and was back 
between her legs, his toungue moving between the cheeks of her 
ass and down between her legs to lick her pussy again.  Carol 
tried to scissor her legs shut but the dogs snout was between 
them and her efforts only served to confine his toungue to a 
smaller area, giving him greater success at stimulating her now 
swollen clitoris.
	"Oooooohhh", she moaned, unaware that she was doing 
so.  Waves of sexual excitement were building within her and 
without realizing it. she slowly leaned forward, placing her 
palms on the floor, now on her hands and knees.  Involontarily, 
her legs parted slightly  giving Rock a little more access 
which he eagerly accepted.  His toungue continued it's rapid 
assault between Carol's legs, slurping and sliding from the 
woman's now dripping pussy, to the crack of her ass and then 
back again.
	Janice watched in amazement at Carol's gradual change.  
Am I going to let this go all the way, she thought.  She looked 
at Carol, naked, on her hands and knees, and then at Rock.  She 
noticed his glistening, red cock protruding from it's sheath, 
growing longer each passing second as he went about his task of 
readying the naked woman for breeding.  Five inches and thick, it
very literally symbolized his need and desire.
	Am I?  Janice watched the dogs intense tounguing of the 
naked woman.  Yes, I am, she thought.  All the way.  He 
deserves it after all this work.  And she certainly does, she 
said to herself with a smile.  She settled back on the couch 
comfortably, a fascinated expression on her face.

	Carol was wilting under the constant tounguing of her 
ass and pussy.  Thoughts of stopping the dog were dim in her 
mind as the sexual stimulation to her clit by Rock's ceaseless 
licking continued.  She felt totally humiliated by the position 
she found herself in, knowing that Janice was seeing all, yet 
seeing no way to stop it now.  Low moans escaped her lips as 
the initial wave of an impending orgasm began  building within 
her.  Her wrists collapsed and her upper body lowered itself to 
the floor, resting now on her forearms.  Her face lay on the 
carpet and her hips began a slight swing, rhythmic to the dog's 
incessant toungue.
	Janice watched in amusement as Rock, now unhampered, 
began a focused tounguing of Carol's pussy.  She could see his 
long, pink toungue flick out, over and over again, ocasionally 
penetrating and probing.  She watched as Carol's ass began 
swaying, noticing the naked woman's legs moving further and 
further apart.  This fascinated her more than anything, knowing 
that Carol had no control over what was happening.  Knowing 
that Rock was working toward getting the woman spread and ready 
to his satisfaction.  And when he did......
	Janice continued watching as Carol's legs now began to 
spread noticeably.  The widening of her thighs brought her ass 
and pussy lower to the floor.  Within moments, under Rock's 
tireless licking, Carol's legs were spread to their limits.
	Rock steadily lapped the dripping juices from between 
the woman's legs.  Carol no longer cared about the position she 
was in.  The utter humiliation of it all was behind her for the 
time being.  She knew she would never be able to look Janice in the 
eye again, but for the moment, she was on the edge of one of 
the most incredible orgasms she had ever felt building within 
her. That toungue!  Carol wanted to be fucked in the worst way 
and she didn't care by who - or what.
	Suddenly, Rock stopped his licking and backed up a few 
steps from the quivering woman.  His penis was stiff and 
extended, ready for mating.  He walked slowly around Carol, 
stopping to sniff a bit here and there.
	She's completely ready now, Janice thought.  She stared 
at Carol's humble position before her.  Her upper body was 
completely lowered to the floor.  Her cheek against the carpet, 
low moans escaping  her lips.  Carol's ass jutted up in the 
air, and her legs were spread so wide that she was fully 
exposed.  Janice could see the tight, brown hole of Carol's ass 
and the dark fur that surrounded her pink, dripping pussy.  
Spread and ready!
	Rock returned to his position behind Carol, sniffed at 
the exposed parts a bit, then placed his forlegs upon her back 
and began moving his hindquarters in close to the naked woman's 
ass.
	Carol felt the paws upon her back, scratching and 
scrambling for purchase.  It hurt a bit but she didn't care.  
She needed a good fucking in the worst way now.  The fur of 
Rock's underbelly caressed and tickled her ass and upper thighs 
as he moved in close for his prize.
	Janice, totally entranced now by what was about to take 
place, left her position on the couch and moved closer to the 
action, kneeling a few feet away from Carol and Rock.
	My God, she thought.  He's going to do it.  And I'm 
going to let him.
	She stared as Rock made a few tentative thrusts with 
his cock, seeking his target.  
	Carol gasped as she felt the dog's penis brush against 
her and began moving her hips trying to find the hot shaft that 
would satisfy her need.
	Janice's unwavering gaze was fixed upon Rock's penis as 
it sought Carol's love hole, and she watched in amazement as 
it's thick tip finally found entrance.  Rock moved his 
rump in closer and the entire length of his cock slid deeply 
into Carol's sopping, red cunt.  He began pumping furiously, in 
and out of the hot pussy.  A low, keening sound began coming 
from Carol, and her hips moved against the dog's thrusts, trying 
to achieve deeper penetration.
	"Ooohhh, God!", Carol cried, as her orgasm approached 
rapidly.  Her hips began moving quicker, in time to the dog's 
rapid thrusting.  Sweat dripped from her face.
	Janice had never seen a woman who looked so utterly 
slutty as Carol now did in her union with the dog.  She watched 
as spasms began to wrack the woman's body, the orgasm beginning 
it's ascent, running through the naked slut like a berserk 
locomotive.  Sexual waves of pure pleasure slammed hard into 
Carol's body and her mouth opened, a scream of pure pleasure 
erupting.  
	"OOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHH! YYYYYYEEEEEESSSSSSS!!!"
	Janice reached out and grabbed the slut by her hair 
lifting her head from the floor.  With her free hand she 
covered Carol's mouth, trying to stifle the loud screams and 
moans.  No sense letting everybody in the neighborhood in on 
what was happening.
	Rock's pumping became more frenzied as he approached 
his own orgasm.  Silently, he pleasured himself with the naked 
woman and moments later, long, ropey strands of dog cum spurted 
into Carol's pussy.  Gravity, and Rock's continued pumping 
forced some of it back out, and the cum dripped from between 
Carol's legs and onto the carpet below.
	Gradually, the dog's pumping and thrusting slowed.  His 
needs met for the time being, he eventually came to a stop but 
remained perched atop Carol, his penis firmly entrenched within 
her cunt.
	Janice waited a few minutes and then carefully began 
disengaging Rock from Carol.  Carol moaned as the cock slid out 
of her vagina, and when she was free, she collapsed to the 
floor in trembling heap.
	"Good boy.", Janice said.  She patted Rock on the head 
and led him out of the room.
	Back in the living room, Janice surveyed the woman on the 
floor, a wet puddle between her legs.  
	"Get up slut.", she said, prodding Carol in the thigh 
with her foot.  "You're getting cum all over my floor."
	Carol, unaware of her surroundings at the moment, 
opened her eyes.  With a rush it all came back.  I let myself 
be fucked by a dog, right in front of Janice, she thought.  
Worst of all, I enjoyed it.
	"Janice, I -"  Carol stopped, not knowing what to say.
	"I don't think Steve will have much of an interest in you 
anymore, Carol", Janice said with a smirk.  "Not once he finds 
out what a dog fucker you are."
	Carol's face reddened.
	"Janice, please.  I'll do anything.  Anything you want."
	"Will you now", Janice said with an evil grin.  "Just 
maybe, we can come to some arrangement. You know, Carol.  I've been
trying to find Rock a mate for a long, long time."




			   THE END
