"A Breeze"
by David Lee

	It was a great gig, Sunday afternoon in the park, playing music with the band and great musicians. When we finished, the drummer invited everyone to a pot luck barbecue at his home. Several hours went by of smoking marijuana, tootin' coke, eating food, and drinking cold refreshments, when I noticed a beautiful woman showing a 
young girl how to pin her hair up. I was touched, because not often at parties do adults communicate with children in any meaningful way. So later, when I saw her with another lovely lady, I approached her and introduced myself to her, and her friend Toni. In the next few minutes Breeze expressed she didn't feel comfortable about making herself at home to some food and drink. I assured her that they were welcome and to help themselves.
	As they were snacking, I wandered around the party listening to tapes of the afternoon concert, and as Breeze was finishing her meal, I asked her if she would like some desert for her nose. Of course she did and we retired to a bedroom.
	We smoked and tooted and talked for a time, and finally I could restrain myself no longer. I wanted to taste her mouth. The kiss was gentle and reserved, but open, and I backed away to let the feeling shiver through my body.
	We talked for awhile and then our eyes would meet and hold, the energy would sparkle like a mystical erotic ray gun aimed at our deepest parts.
	Time flowed as if it wasn't there and we noticed that we hadn't been part of the party for a long while, so we decided to join the group. The kiss before we left the bedroom started much the same as before, but when my tongue slid between her teeth, her mouth opened and her tongue circled mine gently but intensely. As I backed away from her, a beautiful dizzy flush fell over me, and when I looked at her, I could see her cheeks were blushing.
	I was still afraid of rejection, but I had to know if she really wanted me or was just playing. So I asked  her if she would spend the night with me. In a voice that was both shy and firm she said "yes, I will", and my heart skipped with joy.
	We rejoined the party and mingled and later found ourselves alone in the kitchen. She pressed her lithe body close to me and kissed me with such passion that my heart was pounding instead of gently thumping! She backed away and looked at me with concern and said "You know I like you so much in such a short time, and I hope you 
don't think badly of me."  
	I was dazed for a moment, and then told her I respected and cared for her because of her openness instead of the opposite. I was touched very deeply because it was important to her that my feelings were clean.
	Through the evening I felt very affectionate toward several women at the party and enjoyed touching and kissing them. I noticed from the time of our meeting that Breeze and Toni were very close, and somehow I felt no inhibition about showing affection toward Toni, and I could feel her opening to me.
	I began to have fantasies of the three of us being together that night, so later when it felt right, I invited both of them to the bedroom for a smoke. The feeling and the affection between the three of us was so pretty that it was only natural that Toni was Invited to join us for the night.
	Toni was with someone at the party and felt she had to decline even though she wanted to hang around for awhile, and asked if it would bother us if she bounced in and out of the room. The answer was obvious as I began kissing Toni's sweet open mouth and lifting Breeze's shirt to run my hands over her cup sized breast.
	Toni left to check in with her friend, and Breeze and I undressed. I looked at her soft thin loveliness for several minutes. From the piled high mane on her head, her intense open eyes set in a beautiful pleasant face, the small but perfectly sculptured breast, the flat tummy, the sparse curly light hair framing the already swollen lips of her cunt, her tapered long legs I knew would soon be wrapped around me, down to her feet that seemed erotic in themselves; my eyes caressed her from top to bottom and I felt honored and in awe.
	She was sitting on the bed, so I knelt close to her. She ran her hands softly through the hair on my chest and gently tweaked the nipples of my breast. I moaned and leaned down to kiss her. The door opened! Breeze pulled me on top of her as if to cover her nakedness, and in walked Toni. I rolled off of Breeze and pulled Toni close to 
us. We began kissing with dancing tongues and I guided Breeze's mouth to my hungry-for-affection cock. Breezes' kisses explored the insides of my thighs, the underside of my stiffness, down to my balls, and finally slipping her mouth gently but firmly over the head of my cock.
	I felt I was in a pleasure tornado flowing in a circle from Breeze to Toni to myself. My hand slipped under Toni's pants, over her soft round butt, and my fingers slid into her moist womanhood. I ran my fingers from the top of her clitoris to her tailbone, making her and my fingers so wet they could slip into her opening with ease.
	I found the softness of Breeze's leg and pulled her around so my other hand could explore her cunt. Somehow I didn't expect her to be wet (maybe from the past experience of women unwilling to share the man they're with), but my thirsty finger literally drowned in the sweet juices flowing from her.
	I was almost losing consciousness and wanted to take a break at the same instant that Toni wanted to once again pacify her escort. (Speaking of him:  We discussed including him in our erotic play, but Toni felt he wouldn't go for it, and I felt from being around him earlier, that he just wouldn't feel comfortable and would short-circuit our 
intense tantric energy.)
	After Toni left, my mouth found Breezes' cunt and I began licking the hair away from the pinkness of her slit,  then put my tongue deep in her opening, out and in a circle around her clitoris. The sounds coming from her mouth were more like the wind singing through the trees than moans.
	I looked up through the thin hair of her pubis at her gentle mounds with erect nipples at the top, and moved my hands, which were under her buttocks, to cup her breasts and move the nipples softly around the palms of my hands... all the while moving my tongue from her clitoris to the opening just below.
	I increased the tempo of my tongue and slid two of my fingers in and out with the same beat as my tongue.  A tension seemed to build in her, and it seemed like a shiver came from deep inside of her. I wondered if she had climaxed but still felt compelled to continue. She seemed to open even more, so I moistened a finger from my other hand and very slowly eased it into her other opening. Her hips, which had been dancing all along, seemed to help establish a counter-beat the rhythm of my tongue and other fingers. The song-moans became so loud I began thinking of the dwindling party happening in the rest of the house, and how that might effect Toni out there dealing with 
her friend.
	Breeze put her hand under my chin (covered with our juices), gently pulled me on top of her, and kissed me with such intense passion that I almost felt unequal to such power.
	Unbelievably, my penis was soft!  I had to laugh at the paradox of the situation. One of the loveliest women of my life wanted me inside of her and I wasn't hard enough to made it happen! Breeze was wise beyond her 20 years, and understood the myth of Supermales' always erect penis, and giggled with me as we lay back to catch our breath.
	Breeze was just wondering about Toni when she stepped into the room saying that she was going home with her friend. She was so sad that I really believed it was the wrong thing for her to do. It didn't seem honest to her escort, let alone herself, to do something she didn't want to, but somehow she felt she must go.
	After a long lovely kiss, she said "I may be back" and was gone. Breeze and I talked about her, and Breeze told me about Toni meeting him in Pennsylvania and then both of them following him here to California.
	It wasn't long before we began our love play again. When our mouths came together, Breeze inserted her tongue in my mouth as if it were a cock and my mouth was performing fellatio on it. Soon I moved to her nipples, one and then the other. Her head was moving side to side and those lovely sounds were again coming from the depths of her.
	Now I was so HARD that if I didn't confine my cock inside of her, it would explode like an overblown balloon! As I moved between her legs, she lifted her knees high and I slid my penis up and down her womanhood. She was so wet that I knew I could slide all the way into her with no difficulty. But I restrained myself and just put the head inside. Her hands came behind me and her hips moved to take more of me inside, but I wanted to savor this delicious moment, so I only took a little of her at a time. 
	Oh sweet torture! Moments seemed like hours until I was full into her body, and I could feel her cervix flatten the head of my cock. I kept myself there and didn't move. Breeze seemed to be shivering again. I put my hands on either side of her face, and kissed all of her face in gratitude for so much pleasure.
	Moving very slowly at first, I began to fuck in and out of her with an increasing tempo, until as I looked down at our crotches I could only see a blur of movement. Too quickly I felt my seed start to come, and I stopped once again in the very depths of her. I waited until the pressure subsided, and then began short quick movements,  fucking in 
and out ever so slightly, so my cum wouldn't burst from me before I had satiated my whole beings' thirst for this intense sweet high. Soon I began to alternate this movement with a circular motion, wanting to feel the heat of her clitoris on my pelvic bone, and then cooling it with the short jabs.
	Sweat was dripping from me as I raised myself from her chest. I stopped moving and blew cooling air up and down her drenched body, and every once in awhile flexed myself inside of her. "Break time", I said, and we both moved instantly for our drinks to relieve our dry mouths.
	I know we talked about our lives during the break, but all I can remember is the all consuming desire to melt into this lovely person.
	I do remember then turning her so that her beautiful rump was high in the air and her face was on the bed as she watched me walk on my knees behind her. She reached with one hand and guided me into her. Wet womanhood fitting around manhood is always one of natures most divine moments, but I was still amazed how exquisite her 
slick tightness was as I watched myself slowly sliding into her.
	We began a steady but intense fuck-dance that flowed through movements of our bodies, from the position we were in, to lying down with her back to me, then she turned over and the tempo increased, then I moved my legs outside of hers and began pounding into her writhing body.
	The sounds were fevered yet gentle, but when the seed burst from my body and a moan-growl escaped from my mouth, it startled me and I grabbed a pillow with one hand to muffle my screams.
	She opened her legs to the outside of mine, moaned and grounded her pelvis into mine, as the spasms rocked me from the top of my neck to the bottom of my spine and then to my hardness inside of her.
	Time didn't exist from those moments until I awoke in the morning. The first thing I remember was that again I was hard with desire for her. She had her back to me, so I just cuddled close and my cock found her still moist from the night before, and I slid back into her as if I had never left.
	Later in the day we were in a cabin that she was staying at during her visit, once again alone, once again touching, once again tasting each other, and once again fucking.
	But there are no breezes in a closed room. Soon we were saying good-bye, and she went home to Pennsylvania.
	But a memory caresses my soul forever like a warm breeze on a cool spring day and brings  joy to my heart.

COPYRIGHT © HomZin Box 50552 97405 Thank you for Donations
 



 

 









1



