
Brenda's Adventures in Real Estate

	Jim had started his real estate business 5 years before and had become 
very successful in the business.  He had made a name for  himself in 
commercial real estate, and had a reputation as a tough  negotiator.  He had 
just come back from showing a strip mall to a group of four  investors;  They 
were all lawyers in their early 30s, looking to diversify their investments.  
They had expressed a lot of interest in Jim's property.  It was in a prime 
location, an upscale area of town,  the only problem they had with it was the 
price.  Jim was asking 2.2 million for the property.  The lawyers were 
offering 1.8 million.  Jim had purchased the land for 400,000, with 
construction and improvements his total investment had been 1.4 million.  If 
he sold the property for 1.8 he would make a fair profit, after paying off his 
bank note, but if he could get them closer to his 2.2 price, he was in fat 
city.

	The five men went back to Jim's posh office.  They were sitting around 
discussing price, and Jim couldn't seem to get the others to budge.  But that 
was ok, Jim had yet to use his secret weapon!  He was sure that he would still 
get his price.

	Jim went over to his desk and pressed a button, paging his secretary.  
"Brenda, could you come in here please?  I think our guests could use some 
refreshments."

	The office door opened and Jim's secretary, Brenda, entered.  She was 
stunningly beautiful.  5'9" tall, 38D-23-35, with long straight blond hair, 
and a beautiful "aristocratic" face.  She was wearing a skin tight black 
minidress that was scandalously short, black seamed stockings, and a v-neck 
which showed off the tops of her  big, full, firm breasts.  "What can I do for 
you, sir" she asked.  "We could all use something to drink, Brenda.  What 
would you gentlemen like"  One of the lawyers spoke up "A cold beer would be 
fine, thanks."

	Brenda swished over to the small refrigerator built into the bookcase.  
She new the effect she had on men, and she loved it.  She also knew what was 
expected of her.  She bent down to get some cold beers out of the fridge,  as 
she did her short skirt slid up her thighs letting the men see that she was 
wearing a garter belt with her stockings.  The men shot appreciative glances 
to each other.  She turned around and brought over the beers, glasses, and 
coasters on a small tray.  The four clients were sitting on an L shaped 
leather sofa.  Jim was sitting across from them in an over-stuffed leather 
chair.  He watched their faces as she bent down to put a beer in front of each 
of them, letting them see down the top of her dress as she did so.  Jim 
noticed the bulges in the other men's crotches stir as they undressed her with 
their eyes.

	Brenda was Jim's secret weapon!  She had an amazing ability to make 
men loose their train of thought during negotiations, making them think with 
the wrong head. 


	Brenda had started to work for Jim 3 years ago when he was just 
starting out in the real estate business, and she was 20 years old, fresh from 
secretary school.  She had been an excellent worker, keeping things Jim's 
office running smoothly and earning herself several good raises.

	Even though she was an excellent worker, Jim never stopped fantasizing 
about her.  And why not! She was every man's fantasy come true.  She was a 
very beautiful woman, with full sensuous lips, a perfect roman nose, wide set 
blue eyes, full breasts, long legs, and supple hips.  Jim had had fantasy 
after fantasy involving Brenda.  One day he decided that he had to make a 
move, even if it meant losing a great secretary.  He had to take a chance.

	He had kept her late one night, typing up some contracts and 
correspondence.  At nine o'clock he had suggested that, since he had kept her 
late, it was only fair that he buy her dinner.  At dinner they had talked 
about the business, cars, preferences in music, the usual small talk.  Then 
Jim started to steer the conversation so that Brenda started to talk about 
herself.
	
	He asked her if she had a boyfriend, and she said that she had had 
one, but they had broken up a few months ago.  Jim had asked her why, and she 
just looked down and quietly said "because of sex."  Jim was crushed, here he 
was with the woman of his dreams, and she was a prude!

	Jim ordered a fourth round of drinks.  Brenda was really starting to 
loosen up.  If he wasn't going to score, maybe he could get her to tell her 
story, then a least he could go home and beat his meat.

	"You don't like sex?" he had asked.  "Oh no! " She had laughed.  
"That's not it at all!  I love sex."  

	"Then what was the problem."  Brenda told her story.

	She and her boyfriend, Bob, had gone steady for about a year.  They 
had had sex often, and she had found it satisfying, but lacking something, she 
wasn't sure what.  Bob had taken her to a fraternity party at his college.  
They had a live band and kegs of beer, and she and Bob had had a lot of fun, 
dancing and drinking, and having a generally good time.  Around 2:00 AM they 
had ended up in the basement of the frat house, playing drinking games, 
laughing and joking.  One of the brothers had brought up the idea of watching 
some adult movies on the TV.  This had met with great approval of all of the 
people there, except a couple of the women, who left in disgust.

	Brenda had found herself in a very wired situation.  Here she was 
about to watch porno movies with about 25 people, most of them college men.  
The idea had turned her on tremendously.  Bob hadn't seemed real keen on the 
idea and asked her if she wanted to leave, she had told him to relax and have 
some fun.

	The movies had been a real turn-on.  She had never seen one before and 
they had fascinated her.  What she had liked the most was they way the men had 
treated the women in the movies.  They ordered them around, telling them what 
to do, treating them any way they wanted to.  This wasn't the gentle 
lovemaking that she and Bob enjoyed.  It was animal lust.  The men did what 
they wanted, but the women loved it!  She found herself mesmerized by the 
images on the screen, and she had silently slipped her fingers under her short 
skirt and fingered herself while she watched.
	
	She had also enjoyed the reactions of the other men watching the 
movies.  They were laughing and making rude comments.  Their talk had turned 
her on even more.  She liked their dirty talk, and they way they reacted to 
the action on the screen.

	The part that really turned her on were the cum shots!  They 
fascinated her!  She found herself mesmerized  as she watched the spurting 
cocks on the screen.  And the reaction of the men watching - it was fantastic.  
Every scene ended with the man, or men, pulling out of the woman's cunt, ass, 
or mouth and jacking off on the woman's pussy, ass, or face.  The room would 
get very quiet at these times, she realized the effect it had on the men.  
They liked it the most when the men came on the woman's face.  They would make 
comments like "Look how sexy that bitch looks with cum all over her face."  or 
"Wouldn't I love to do that!"  She was hot! "Now that's what I call sex." she 
had thought to herself.

	They had watched the movies for about 2 hours.  The crowd had dwindled 
down to herself, Bob and about 7 other guys.  Bob had asked her to leave, but 
she had told him  no.  He got a little miffed and split.  There she was alone 
with 7 guys, watching dirty movies, and quietly fingering herself to orgasm 
after orgasm!  The sexual tension was thick, and one of the brothers put 
another tape in the machine and started fast forwarding it to a certain scene.

	The scene started and they guys stole glances at Brenda as it 
developed.  It stared a pretty little blonde named Ginger Lynn, and she was in 
a cheerleaders outfit along with a bunch of guys in basketball uniforms.  They 
were in a locker room, and Ginger started to rub the crotches of the men.  The 
action got hotter and hotter, she dropped to her knees and started  to suck 
the cocks of each of the men.  The scene had ended up with Ginger  straddling 
a bench while one guy fucked her pussy from below, another fucked her ass from 
behind, while she blew the guy in front of her and jacked 2 guys off on either 
side of her.

	One of the brothers had gotten up, turned off the VCR, and said, 
"Women like that don't fucking exist in real life."  Brenda had corrected him 
then and there.  "Do I exist? she had said while staring to strip.  She had 
ended up screwing all 7 of the guys. At one point she was kneeling on the 
floor while one guy fucked her from below , and she jacked off guys on both 
sides of her while sucking  a forth.  As the guy in her mouth got close to 
comming, he had pulled his cock out and started jacking it off.  He had 
sprayed a huge load of jism on her face, and she had had a blistering climax 
at the same time.  She fucked and sucked all of the guys, imitating everything 
she had seen in the movies.  When all of the guys had finished, she was left 
lying on the sofa, her face, tits, and ass drenched with their cum, and a 
totally satisfied feeling.  She had loved the power they had exerted over her, 
and the power she had exerted over them. 

	Bob had found out about the incident and was furious!  They had had a 
huge fight and broken up.  Brenda went on to explain that she had continued to 
have relationships but she had not found anyone who would treat her the way 
that she wanted, and she had had a lot of trouble arranging twosomes and 
moresomes.

	Jim had taken her back to his apartment  and had the best sex of his 
life.  Their relationship had continued to develop, and he found out  more and 
more about what turned Brenda on.  She was very submissive, and loved to be 
bound.  She loved to be used, and  was the best cocksucker he had ever met.  
She also loved to have sex with more than one man.  The more, the better.  He 
had taken her with him on business trips and had her suck off ten men in his 
hotel room.  He would take her to adult book stores and she would have sex 
with all of the patrons.  

	He had tried to understand what it was that turned her on so much 
about being used.  She had explained that it was simple.  The more she felt 
that she was under a man's control and power, the more power she realized she 
had over the man.  This was what turned her on so much.  

	Jim had started to use her in business situations.  She was his 
secret weapon, and she loved the role.  During tough negotiations, he would 
offer her to his clients to use as they wanted.  They would treat her roughly, 
force her to do things that they had only dreamed about, and she loved it.  
Jim found that it was very easy to get a man to see his terms after he had 
just shot his load all over the face and tits of a beautiful woman.

	"Will there be anything else sir?"  Brenda asked.  Jim got up from his 
chair and walked over and leaned against his desk.  "Would you gentlemen like 
anything else?"  Jim said with a slight grin on his face.

	"I - I think we're fine for now, Jim." one of them said.  "Well I 
could use something else.  Brenda, please come over here."  Brenda walked over 
and stood next to Jim.  He walked around his desk, opened up a drawer, and 
pulled something out of one of the drawers.  It was a pair of handcuffs.  He 
walked back to the front of the desk, grabbed Brenda by the shoulders, and 
spun her around.  He then placed both her arms behind her back and placed the 
cuffs on her wrists.  Then he spun her back around so that she was facing the 
other men.  Jim turned to look at the others.   "Isn't she one of the best 
looking women you've ever seen?  The others nodded.  "Look at these tits."  
He grabbed the top of the tight minidress and pulled it down.  Brenda's tits 
were incredible, very big but also very firm, They had almost no droop to them 
and were topped with silver dollar sized areoles.  Her nipples sprang to 
attention as she stood there under the gaze of all of the men.  "She loves to 
have her nipples pinched" said Jim, with that he grabbed both nipples between 
his thumb and forefinger and pulled them as he turned his fingers 360 degrees.  
Brenda simply moaned.

	The other men just sat there dumbfounded.  They didn't say a word.  
Jim raised the hem of her dress until the tight one-piece was bunched up 
around her waist.  He reached down and ran his finder along her wet slit.  
"Look how hot this little bitch is!"  "She loves this!"  Jim pushed Brenda 
down to her knees and then started to unbuckle his belt.  "She loves to suck 
cock too, don't you Brenda?"  "Umm yes, would you like me to suck you off?"

	Jim didn't say anything else.  He slipped his pants down and removed 
his shirt.  There was a gigantic bulge in his underwear.  "Go ahead guys, get 
comfortable."  The others stood up, still not saying anything, and began to 
remove their clothes.  Jim pulled off his shorts and began to stroke his cock, 
while Brenda knelt in front of him and stared transfixed at his rapidly 
swelling cock.

	Jim was very proud of his dick.  He had the type of cock you usually 
see in porno films.  It was very  long and very thick, and it always shot a 
very heavy load of cum.  Hell, if the real estate business ever went south, 
maybe he could star in adult movies!  He pulled Brenda's head closer to his 
cock with his left hand while continuing to stroke himself with his right.  
She started to suck him off while the others watched.

	"God! she gives the best head in the world, I've watched this little 
cunt suck off ten guys in a row and still want more.  Isn't that right 
Brenda?"  Brenda replied with a muffled "uh-huh."  "I've had a really tough 
day" said Jim.  "When she's finished with me, would you guys like a shot?"

	By this time the other four were stoking their cocks, one of them 
spoke up "Yeah, we'll give that little cocksucker the time of her life!"

	The other four continued to stroke their dicks while they watched 
Brenda suck off her boss.  She would occasionally let the thick cock fall out 
of her mouth and rub it all over her face.  The others could tell that Jim was 
getting ready to come.  He pulled his cock out of her mouth with his right 
hand and started to pump it up and down.  "Let's make sure we show our guests 
how much you love cum."  He grabbed her long hair in his left hand and pulled 
her head back.  Brenda opened her mouth wide and stuck her tongue out as far 
as she could, trying to lick at the tip of Jim's penis.

	"Here it comes"  Jim's cock swelled to gigantic proportions and 
started to twitch.  The first jet shot out and landed on Brnda's forehead and 
hair.  The second hit right below her left   eye and traced a line back to her 
tongue.  The force of the blasts lessened, but Jim continued comming, pumping 
his shaft up and down and watching his come shoot into the pretty blonde's 
open mouth.  Finally he finished cumming and dribbled the last of his semen  
on her chin, and some of it  dripped down onto her tit.  He rubbed the cum 
that had landed on her face into her skin with his rapidly softening cock..  
"God, the sexiest vision in the world is a beautiful bitch with cum all over 
her face, wouldn't you guys agree?"  He turned her head around with both of 
his hands so that they could see the effect.  Brenda's pretty face was 
shining from the cumbath she had just received.  

	"She is one sexy bitch" said one of the lawyers.  "Did you like that 
Brenda?"  "I fucking loved it." she hissed, "and I'd love more."  Jim released 
the handcuffs.  "Crawl over there and take care of our guests you dirty little 
slut!"

	Brenda crawled over on her hands and knees, directly towards the men.  
She stopped when her mouth was inches from one of their dicks.  She leaned 
forward and began to suck it.  The other three sprang into action.  They 
pulled the coffee table out of the way, one got on each side of her and began 
to pinch and pull on her nipples while the third one started to fuck her from 
behind.  He started a furious rhythm, pounding into her as hard as he could.  
Brenda was now moaning loudly, as loudly as she could with her mouth stuffed 
with cock.  The guy behind her came to a screaming orgasm, pumping his load 
deep inside her pussy.  "More, more" Brenda cried.  At this point the guy in 
front of her started to cum.  She swallowed  his come, but still allowed some 
of it to run out of the side of her mouth.

	The two who hadn't come yet grabbed Brenda roughly and turned her over 
on her back.  One of them pushed her legs wide apart and threw her legs over 
his shoulders.  He started to fuck her roughly.  The other man straddled 
Brenda's chest, he wiped some of the cum from her face and spread it between 
her tits.  Then her pushed her big tits together and began to fuck  them.  
"I'm going to shoot my load all over those big tits of yours, you'd like that 
wouldn't you"  "Oh yeah,  fuck my tits!  Come all over them!  The three of 
them picked up a rhythm and continued fucking for a few minutes.  Finally the 
guy in her pussy came  and pulled out.  The other  stated to come and shot 
load after load onto the pretty blonde's tits.

	Brenda looked up at the men as she massaged the cum into her chest, 
looking to see who would make the next move.  They picked her up and had her 
kneel on the sofa so that she could take turns sucking the other three while 
one of them fucked her from behind.  They continued to switch positions.  As 
soon as one of them would come while fucking her from behind, they would 
switch off.  They kept it up  until they had all come at least a second time.  
Finally they all collapsed into the sofa.
	
	Brenda was exhausted, she was also thoroughly satisfied.  She had come 
about 50 times and she felt totally used.  She slumped back into the sofa and 
mindlessly wiped the cum from her face and chest, absent mindedly licking it 
from her fingers while the men watched.

	Jim was the first to speak.  "Well, now that we have 'relaxed' a 
little, let's finish up our business." The 4 lawyers huddled together and 
whispered among themselves.  Jim waited until one of them spoke. "I tell you 
what", he said.  We'll give you  2 million on one condition."  "What's the 
condition?" Jim asked. "We all got hot watching that little slut suck you off 
until you shot all over her face!  That's every man's fantasy, but  if we even 
mentioned that to our wives, they'd fuckin kill us! So here's the deal. Brenda 
here sucks each of us off, and we get to cum on her, wherever we want."

	"I tell you what" said Jim "You give me 2.2 million, my price, and you 
and any of your friends can come over here anytime you want and do anything 
you want with Brenda."  "Sound ok to you Brenda?" They looked over to see 
Brenda fingering herself furiously.  "I think its fine with Brenda" said Jim.

	The lawyers conferred again.  "I tell you what, you put it in the 
contract - 3 more 'visits' and you have a deal."  "Done" said Jim.  He went 
back to his desk and got the handcuffs.  He walked over to Brenda and then 
escorted her to the middle of the room.  Then he forced her arms behind her 
back and put on the cuffs.  Forcing her to her knees he turned to the others.  
"She's all yours."

	The first man approached her.  She looked up at him as he stroked his 
cock inches from her face, then he grabbed her head and forced it down on his 
cock.  She began to give him head while he looked down and spoke to her.  
"Yeah, that's it. Make me cum, make me shoot my load all over that pretty face 
of yours."  After a few minutes he'd had all he could take.  He reached down 
and grabbed his cock and started to pump it.  He aimed it at her face and she 
opened her mouth wide, waiting for him to come.  He shuddered and began to 
shoot, it covered her face and began to run down and soak her tits.

	When he finished, the second took his place.   Brenda found it easier 
and easier to get each successive man to come.  The sight of her cum soaked 
face coupled with the men's fantasy come true had turned each man on 
tremendously.  Finally they had all shot their loads, and Brenda collapsed on 
the floorsoaked to the skin and totally exhausted.

	Jim drew up the contracts while the scene unfolded in front of him.  
He had the others sign and  ushered them out the door.  He walked back where 
Brenda was lying on the floor, with her hands still bound behind her back.  
She looked so sexy, he started to stroke his cock again, quickly getting hard.
She gazed up at him with his pulsing cock inches from her face.  "You know 
Brenda, I got 400,000 more than I expected to out of this deal."  Now his cock 
was turning purple as he stroked it harder and harder, Brenda just stared at 
it, inches from her face.  "You deserve a bonus, I think I'll give you 10%, 
how does 40,000 sound?"  She just stared up at his cock and stuck her tongue 
out.  "The amazing thing is,  I took those guys to the cleaners, and they 
don't have the slightest idea how much you fucking love this!"

	With that, Jim's cock began to pulse as he shot stream after stream 
onto his secretary's already cum-soaked face.
