Archive-name: Violent/brendsty.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Brenda's Story - part 1


Brenda was in her mid-twenties.  Her best features were her huge hazel eyes.
Together with dark, silky hair, full lips, high cheekbones, and a delightfully 
round, firm chin, she looked like a slightly softer version of Sela Ward.
Her body was softly rounded in all the best places.

One day as Brenda was on her way to work, she noticed a grey Mercedes
driven by a chauffer tailgating her.  Wanting to avoid a possible accident, 
she sped up, but the Mercedes remained a few feet behind her.  She moved 
into the right lane to let it pass, but it followed her over, and 
actually creased her rear bumper as she slowed down.  At this point
Brenda pulled over to the shoulder and motioned to the chauffer to
stop and inspect the damage. 

On emerging from his car, the chauffer proved to be much bigger than
Brenda has realized: at least 6 feet 6 inches tall, and powerfully 
muscled. He sounded like Arnold Schwarzenegger without the accent as he
said "How clumsy of me, miss.  My master would like to apologize."  He
motioned toward the passenger door.

Brenda still hadn't entirely recovered from the shock of having her car hit.
She swallowed once, and then, taking care not to speak in a shaky voice,
said "You agree than, that this was your fault?"

"Indeed, Miss."

"Do you have insurance?"

"My master can answer that, Miss."  Again, he gestured toward the door.

The passenger compartment was enclosed in smoked glass, so Brenda couldn't
see its occupant.  She went to her car to get her purse, and then walked 
to the rear door of the Mercedes.  The chauffer opened the door for her.

Inside was an ordinary-looking middle-aged businessman.  He smiled sheepishly
at Brenda as he motioned for her to sit down.  "I'm sorry, Miss.  I was in a
hurry to get to a meeting, so I told Otto to step on it.  Are you all right?"

"I seem to be OK, but my car isn't."

He smiled.  "Well, the car can be fixed like new.  I'd never forgive myself
if my impatience hurt a pretty young girl like you, Miss ...?"

"Brenda.  Brenda Simms."

"Miss Simms.  I am fully insured, so you have nothing to worry about.
Let's see, where did I put my insurance card.  Otto?"

"Yes, master?"

"Now!"

With that, Otto slammed the passenger door shut.  Before Brenda could
recover from the shock, Otto had jumped into the driver's seat, and 
the Mercedes sped off.  Brenda tried to open her door, but it wouldn't budge,
nor would the window roll down.  The automatic seatbelts had been modified
to be more complete passenger restraints than Mercedes-Benz had intended, and 
Brenda was soon unable to move her arms or legs.

'So, Brenda, we meet at last!"  The passenger smiled widely, as
he began to unbutton Brenda's blouse.  "You have no idea how I've looked
forward to this.  When I first began to plan what will happen today, I had no
idea how lovely you were.  This will be truly glorious."

"Who are you? What do you want with me?  Please, if you let me go now I won't
tell anyone about this!"

"You are brenda@bigcompany.com, aren't you?"

"What?"

"Your internet address.  Is it brenda@bigcompany.com?"  By now, he had
removed Brenda's blouse and bra.  As he spoke, he opened
a small porthole leading to the driver's compartment, and pushed an electric
cord with a round connecter through it.  Otto plugged the wire into the 
cigarette lighter.  The passenger attached alliagator clips to the wires on 
his ends of the cord.  Experimentally, he brought the clips near each other, 
and a large spark crackled across the gap.

"Y-yes, it is."

"You have posted four articles about NAMBLA and six about date rape 
to alt.sex.stories in the the past week, haven't you?"

"N-no!  It wasn't me!  I went on vacation and left my terminal logged
on!  Honestly, I ..."

"Don't lie to me.  Don't tell me that bigcompany doesn't receive 
alt.sex.stories.d, either.  I've heard all of the lies."
He began to attach the clips to Brenda's nipples.  "Now you
will suffer as you have made others suffer."

--
