Brenda goes to the Bahamas



This is a true story that happened to my wife before we were married, but
after we were engaged. I found out about it about six months after we were
married, when by chance I came across her diary. At the time this took
place, my wife Brenda was 26.



Brenda was going to school to become a Travel Agent and at the end of the
school year, a trip was arranged that was part class trip and partly to
show the students what to look for when they went somewhere so they could
"Sell it" to their clients. Free promotional trips for Travel Agents are
very common and after we were married we took advantage of them to go
places we would not have otherwise. Back to the story. Brenda's class
consisted of about 15 women ranging in age from 18 to 30.



They flew out of Philadelphia on Friday morning and returned Sunday
evening. There were a number of activities planned for them into the early
evening of each day, but for the most part the nights were theirs. There
would be a couple of activities planned for a time slot with part of the
class going to each. The activity planned for Saturday morning that Brenda
signed up for was sailing. Brenda and four other girls were picked up at
the hotel by Ken and Jack, who operated the boat. Brenda did not mention
Jack in her diary, but described Ken as about 6ft 150lbs and 22yrs. Her
diary only said that the sailing trip was interesting and she had a
goodtime. She also wrote that Ken was picking her up at the hotel and
taking her to dinner.



I was suprised she would agree to go out to dinner with a complete
stranger. I was further surprised when I read the next page. The diary
said: I had a nice evening with Ken. We ended up back at his parents place
and I spent the night. In the morning we woke early and had sex again. Ken
came inside me after he promised not to. I was really pissed at him. While
I took a quick shower Ken called me a taxi. As I was going back to Ken's
room, his father saw me. I had a towel around me, but I was so embarrassed.
His mother started yelling at Ken and calling me names. I couldn't wait to
get out of there. I didn't even say good buy to him. I can't believe he
came in me. Then when I got back to the hotel a couple of the girls looked
at me funny. I guess my roommate, Kathy let them know I didn't come back to
the hotel last night. God I hope Ken didn't get me pregnant.



I never mentioned that I saw her diary and of course never let on that I
knew about her one-nighter in the Bahamas.



The D Man




------------------------------------------------------------------------
Your e-mail reply to this message WILL be *automatically* ANONYMIZED.
Please, report inappropriate use to abuse@anon.penet.fi For information
(incl. non-anon reply) write to help@anon.penet.fi If you have any
problems, address them to admin@anon.penet.fi From - Thu Jun 6 14:03:16
1996 Message-ID: <082340Z02061996@anon.penet.fi> Path:
jcccnet.johnco.cc.ks.us!ikaros.pei.edu!imci2!news.internetMCI.com!newsfeed.











The Brenda Series continues. Unless noted otherwise, all the stories in
this series are TRUE. No names, places, or anything else have been changed.
Brenda is a 37yr old with three kids, 38D tits, real nice legs, and an ass
to die for.















Brenda and Ralph







Ralph used to work with Brenda at a grocerey store where they both were
cashiers. Because my wife was low in senority, she worked the late shift
which was 6:00 to 11:00. And because it was the closing shift,



the employees had to stay after the store closed to clean and lockup.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
This meant that Brenda would get home at about midnight, sometimes 1am. I
would be asleep when she got home, because I get up at 5am. Mostly



because of her hours and the fact that I got home at 5:30, which meant we
only saw each other about 30 minutes a day, our sex life began to



suffer big time.







When we would get a chance to talk, mostly when she called me at work,
------------------------------------------------------------------------
she would tell me things about what happened at work. One time she
mentioned a guy named Ralph. She though we would get along because, like
myself, Ralph enjoyed going to topless bars. Brenda said he was a real nice
guy and was looking for a girlfriend, but with us still being new to the
area she didn't know anyone to fix him up with. She said that after work
Ralph would walk her to her car, because, while not a bad area, it was
still a dark parking lot and she did feel safer being walked to the car.
After getting to the car they would talk for awhile. I would teased her
saying she was just looking for a boyfriend and she would laugh. It started
to seem like Brenda was getting in around 1am all the time now, but I
figured it was just my imagination.



One Saturday, I was cleaning the car and noticed that something had dried
on the seat cover of the passenger seat. I couldn't identify what it was
and ask Brenda if she had spilled anything, which she said she hadn't.
Thats where it ended, until we were talking one day and my wife mentioned
"sitting in the car talking to Ralph". I asked if they always sat in car
and she said yes, "because you know how I am once I start talking".



I began to wonder again if Ralph was becoming more than a friend, but



figured I was just dreaming. The only time I knew for sure Brenda had sex
with someone else was in the Bahamas and that was before we were married so
that didn't count. But still I was wondering.



My wife suggested that we invite Ralph, who still lived with his parents
for dinner. I said fine I whated to finally meet this guy. Everything went
great Ralph and I hit it off and over the next few years he went to some
topless places with me and the guys from work. On some of those



outings we talked about our past conquests. Shortly after Ralph came to
dinner, he had changed jobs and Brenda only saw him a few times a year when
they would arrange to meet for lunch, with Brenda bringing the baby along.



Generally, each summer we have a cookout at our house. This one cookout, if
I recall correctly it was the summer of 89, by about 8pm just Ralph, Brenda
and I remained. The guys had been drinking beers most of the day, and
Brenda had been drinking wine coolers and was feeling no pain. When Brenda
went to put the baby to bed, Ralph and I talked about some of the women
that we had seen and I showed him some porn tapes I had picked up recently.
When my wife came back we opened a bottle of wine, BS'd,
------------------------------------------------------------------------
and told dirty jokes. Even my wife told a couple of raunchy jokes.



I figured this would be a good time to see if anything would happen between
Brenda and Ralph, so I told them I was going to check on the kids.



I went to the top of steps and waited. They talked for a while about the
store they had worked at, then my wife said she was going to see what



happened to me. I hustled to our bedroom and pretended I was asleep.



She looked in then I heard her go backdown to the basement where the party
was. I followed her and stayed at the top of the basement steps. They made
small talk for a little bit then it got quiet. I heard Brenda giggle, then
what sound like a kiss. I creeped down the steps and peaked around the
wall. They were sitting on the floor kissing and my wife was rubbing
Ralph's thigh. She then put her hand up the leg of his shorts and began
playing with his cock. Ralph began rubbing my wife's tits and kissing her
neck. Brenda stopped kissing Ralph long enough to remove



her shirt and bra. Ralph pushed her down on her back and began sucking her
tits. He soon was rewarded with a mouthfull of milk. Ralph pushed his hand
under her shorts and played with her pussy, while continueing to drink her
tit milk. Brenda came and reached for Ralph's Cock. As soon as she had
freed it from his shorts, she put it in her mouth and down her throat.
------------------------------------------------------------------------
She pulled back, leaving just the tip in her mouth and then quickly took it
all the down her throat again. She continued until Ralph could take no more
and came in her mouth. She shallowed most of his cum but let some drip onto
his stomach. My wife then licked the cum of his belly. They held each other
for a couple of minutes then she told Ralph he better get going. I went
back to bed and acted like I was sleeping.



A few minutes later Brenda entered the bedroom with her bra and T- shirt in
her hand. She then pushed off her shorts and panties, rolled me on my back
and sat on my face. She said "Your not asleep, I saw you on



the steps now start eating." It was an offer I couldn't refuse, so I



ate her until she came. After she came, I flipped her onto her back



and entered her soaked pussy. While we fucked Brenda said "Did you like the
way I sucked his dick? Is that what you wanted?" I said "You fucked him
before didn't you?" She said she never fucked him, not tonight or ever
before. I said "You did something with him before didn't you? " She didn't
answer, so I started pounding her pussy harder. I asked her again if she
ever did anything with him, but she still didn't answer.
------------------------------------------------------------------------ I
pulled out of her pussy. My wife grabbed my cock and tryed to put it back
in her pussy. I told her I wasn't going to fuck her until she answered. She
let go of my dick and stared at me. Finally she said "I've never fucked
him. I blew him in the car once after work,



but that was it." I asked if that was how the stain got on the car seat and
she said yes. We stared at each other again. She said she



was sorry for the time in the car, it just happened. But asked why I set
her up tonight. I told her I suspected they had something going and this
was the only way I would find out for sure. With a little bit of fear in
her voice and on her face, she asked what was going to happen. I looked at
her for a moment, then slammed my cock into her pussy until we both came.



She asked me if I was going to divorce her. I said no. She smiled, started
to cry, told me she loved me, and swore it would never happen again.



I told her I loved her, but that she owed me big time. She looked at me and
said yes I know.











Final comment



My wife had stopped breastfeeding the baby about a month before, but was
still was producing milk because she was breastfeeding me. She allowed me
to "nurse" for a couple of months after the baby stopped. She enjoyed it as
much as I, but we had to stop before someone (like her Doctor) began to
wonder why a women who had stopped nursing her baby three months ago was
still producing milk. This is the best place to put this since there really
isn't enough detail for a story.



The D Man








------------------------------------------------------------------------
Your e-mail reply to this message WILL be *automatically* ANONYMIZED.
Please, report inappropriate use to abuse@anon.penet.fi For information
(incl. non-anon reply) write to help@anon.penet.fi If you have any
problems, address them to admin@anon.penet.fi From - Thu Jun 6 14:03:20
1996 Message-ID: <083302Z02061996@anon.penet.fi> Path:
jcccnet.johnco.cc.ks.us!ikaros.pei.edu!imci2!news.internetMCI.com!newsfeed.







The Brenda Series continues. Unless noted otherwise, all the stories in
this series are TRUE. No names, places, or anything else have been changed.
Brenda is a 37yr old with three kids, 38D tits, real nice legs, and an ass
to die for.



The D Man











Florida 95



Something about going to Florida with all its young scantly clad babes
makes me want to fuck the shit out of Brenda when we are there, don't know
why it just does :-). We stay at her mothers, and our room is just off the
living room. we also have our own bathroom, which is entered through our
room. The baby was still being breast feed at this time so as soon we would
get in the bedroom and close the door, out would come her tits, especially
if we had been out all day. When my wife was nursing, her bra size went
from 38D to 44D. What follows are some of the highlignts of this trip.



The day we went to Sea World the baby stayed with her mom. When we got back
Brenda was in agony because her tits were full. I started playing with them
and it didn't long for the milk to start leaking. I was about to get a late
night snack when Brenda decided to try to feed the baby. The baby nursed
for a while on each tit before nodding off again. This helped Brenda, but
not enough to allow her to sleep comfortably.



so I started sucking her tits again. And after a few seconds my wife



was genty rubbing my head, and enjoying having the milk drained from her
tits.



On another morning on this trip, I asked Brenda to shave her pussy because
she hadn't done it in a while. So she did, right there on the bedroom



floor about 4 feet from the door separating us from the living room.



And she did it with an electric razor! Well as soon as she was done
------------------------------------------------------------------------
had to make sure she did a good job, which can only be accomplished by
giving her a good tongue lashing afterward.



Since it had been a couple of days since I had cum, I asked her to suck me
off, which she started doing. Of course the baby wokeup and was hungry so
Brenda stopped sucking on me and started breast feeding the baby.



I went over to where Brenda was sitting on the floor, after she had the
baby started I put my dick back in her mouth. But the baby got restless so
I didn't cum until later that night when we fucked.



We also went to Typhoon Lagoon on this trip. We went there alone, with her
parents taking the kids to Magic Kingdom. There were a couple of fun things
that happened there.



We were at Castaway Creek on a two person tube. At one point, Brenda was
lying on her stomach and I was behind her leaning against her back, also
facing the front. The lower parts of our bodies were below water level, and
I took advantage of this rub her pussy. Brenda encouraged me on by keeping
her legs apart so I would have easy access to her. Later, we slid down in
the tube, so only my wife's head was above the water. When the oppertunity
presented itself, she slipped her arms through the shoulder straps, but
left her top up. I was playing with her tits, when I saw that we were
approching a walkway which passed over the creek. There were people in
front and behind us, but no one to our sides, so I pulled the top of her
suit down freeing her tits. Like I said, from the shoulders down, Brenda
was below the water. And the tube, which is about 8 inches high, blocking
the view from the sides. There were 3 boys about 15 years old standing on
the walkway watching the tubes pass. I figured if they were your typical 15
year old boys, they were trying to see some tits. So as we approched the
walkway, I put my hands under my wife's tits and pushed them together and
up. At the same time I lifted her chest out of the water, exposing her tits
to the boys. Brenda tried to get her tits back under water as soon as I
exposed them, but I managed to keep her on display for about 20 to 30
seconds. I'm sure the boys jerked off to the memory of Brenda's tits for
sometime.



At my request, my wife did not put her arms back through the shoulder
straps. This meant I could pull the top of her suit down, exposing her tits
when ever I wanted. There is a wave pool that does large waves for 30
minutes, followed by small waves for 30 minutes. When the waves were small,
we went to where the water was about 5 ft. There weren't many people near
us, so I pulled her top down again. Since my wife is only 5' 1'', she had
to bounce to keep her head above the waves. And a few times she didn't time
her bounces right and ended up exposing her tits. After the third time,
some high school aged guys started moving in for a closer look, so she
pulled her top up.







When it was time for the big waves, we moved into 4 feet of water. These
waves are pretty strong and throw people around. The idea is to turn your
back to the wave right before it hits you. After getting myself thrown into
a couple of girls, I got an idea. There is about two minutes between waves.
We used that time to find some guys Brenda could "accidently" bump into.
------------------------------------------------------------------------ We
would pick a target, Brenda would get knocked into them and we would move
20 to 30 feet in another direction and start the process again. All
together by the time we left the park, about 25 guys had put their hands on
Brenda's big tits. And because she never put the top back on properly, half
of those guys were treated to a closeup view of her naked tits.



It may seem amazing that she didn't get thrown out, but there are a lot of
high school and college girls there with a lot of skin showing.











The D Ma




------------------------------------------------------------------------
Your e-mail reply to this message WILL be *automatically* ANONYMIZED.
Please, report inappropriate use to abuse@anon.penet.fi For information
(incl. non-anon reply) write to help@anon.penet.fi If you have any
problems, address them to admin@anon.penet.fi From - Thu Jun 6 14:03:22
1996 Message-ID: <083325Z02061996@anon.penet.fi> Path:
jcccnet.johnco.cc.ks.us!ikaros.pei.edu!imci2!news.internetMCI.com!newsfeed.











The Brenda Series continues. Unless noted otherwise, all the stories in
this series are TRUE. No names, places, or anything else have been changed.
Brenda is a 37yr old with three kids, 38D tits, real nice legs, and an ass
to die for.



The D Man







The Wedding



In the summer of 1991, we were invited to Brenda's father's business



partners wedding. Actually, we were invited to the reception at his



house. It was an open bar and Brenda got wasted. When we got in the car to
drive to my Dad's house, I unzipped her dress a little, maybe to about bra
level, since Brenda had a sweater around her shoulders she didn't care.
Even though she was really saused to the point of passing out,



she just wanted to my Dad's, so I could fuck her.



We got to Dad's about 1 or 2 am. I decided to walk with her because it may
wake her up a bit. We walked around the block once before she wanted to go
in before she "passed out". I had her dress was unzipped as far as possible
without having it fall off. I also unhooked her bra and with my arm around
her, reached inside her dress (real easy) and played with her left tit as
we walked.



As soon as we got in the bedroom she took her clothes off and said "hurry
and fuck me before I pass out". And fuck we did. For someone who had at
least 7-8 rum & cokes she really worked her hips. evencially, she passed
out while laying on her side with me behind her fucking her slow. I wet my
finger and worked it around and in her asshole. I had recently started
doing this, sometimes she liked it other times she really would get pissed.
I worked my finger in and out for a while, then figured I would see how far
I could get. As I said, I had been playing with her ass for a while with
mixed results and had fucked her ass a few times but that for another
story.



I took some k-y from the overnight bag and put it on the fingers of my left
hand. I had worked one finger all the way up her ass, so I started working
two fingers in until I had two all the way in. Then I did the same with 3,
Finally when I tried four fingers she started squarming so I stoped until
she stopped, then I continued with fucking two fingers in and out of her
ass.



By this point I had been fucking her for about 45 minutes, so I was getting
ready to cum. I was thinking "where should I cum?" On her face? No it would
dry there and she'd be pissed or it would get it on the pillow and Mom
would figure something out. In her mouth? No. Pull out and



cum on her ass or chest? No do that all the time. SO I k-y'd my dick and
eased it into her ass. Maybe an 1 1/2 to 2 inches, I didn't want to go
balls deep because that would probobly wake her up, so for once I played it
smart and didn't get carried away. I only fucked her ass for a little bit
before I had to cum, so I pulled out and came on her ass. I didn't want to
come in her ass, because she might notice it in the morning, and I didn't
want her having a shit fit at my dad's. As far as her ass being sore, well
I would just tell she let me play with it with my fingers and that she had
been really into getting fucked.



In the morning she never mention anything, other than her hangover.











The D Man












------------------------------------------------------------------------
Your e-mail reply to this message WILL be *automatically* ANONYMIZED.
Please, report inappropriate use to abuse@anon.penet.fi For information
(incl. non-anon reply) write to help@anon.penet.fi If you have any
problems, address them to admin@anon.penet.fi From - Thu Jun 6 14:03:23
1996 Message-ID: <083306Z02061996@anon.penet.fi> Path:
jcccnet.johnco.cc.ks.us!ikaros.pei.edu!imci2!news.internetMCI.com!newsfeed.















Brenda meets Don



Brenda and I have been married for over ten years now and at 37 and after
three kids, she feels she's not as attractive anymore. Brenda has 38D tits
and yes she's not what she was when I met her, but considering she has had
three kids, she is still pretty sexy to me. I think she



sees a lot of younger women and girls at work and compares herself to them
instead of women her own age who have kids. In fact none of her



married friends with kids can hold a candle to her.



Over the past few years I have given thought to taking her to a club and
letting someone hit on her, just to prove to her that she was still
attractive. However I never mentioned it because I knew she would never go
along with it. I know from her diaries, that she had some pretty wild
nights before we met. And when we were first married she did a few things,
flashing from our car and at hotels. She also danced and flirted with other
guys when we went out, but never went beyond that stage. We talked a few
times about her picking a guy up or a threesome with either a guy or girl.
But it never happened and after the kids came she says she "I'm a mother
now I can't do those things."



Recently, Brenda has been much more sexual. She has kept her pussy shaved
for the past two months and the slightest bit of fondling has her pulling
me into the bedroom. This got me to thinking about the "pickup" plan again.
Maybe she would go for it, she is a "try anything once in private" person
and she does get "playfull" after a couple drinks.



I suggested Brenda find someone to watch the kids on a friday night, so we
could go out to dinner and then a club, something we haven't done in a
couple of years. She loved the idea and with a little work managed to find
someone to not only watch them, but keep them overnight.



I got home from work on Friday at 5:30 and my wife had already dropped the
kids off, showered and dressed. She wore a loose fitting black skirt that
stopped just above the knee, and a matching jacket with a modest "V" cut in
the front. Underneath she wore a blacklace bra (she refuses to



leave the house without one) with matching garter, panties and black



stockings.



We drove to a fancy resturant about 45 minutes from our home. I selected it
because it had a lounge, and across the street is a Holiday Inn with what I
heard was a popular nightclub. During the drive to dinner I told her how
sexy she looked and told her we should go home and play since the kids were
gone. She said there will be time for that latter. I kept up the
complimentary talk while rubbing her legs and raising her skirt until I
could see her panties. I rubbed her pussy and asked her to remove her
panties but she said no. After a couple more minutes of playing with her
pussy I asked her again to remove them, this time she said yes after we get
to the restaurant.



We went to lounge for drinks while waiting for our table. If a women



came into the lounge I would comment that my wife was more beautiful and
compare their legs or whatever as an example. Brenda started saying that
the women were more attractive than her which was not true but just what I
wanted her to say. Finally we were seated and ordered dinner. Brenda
excused herself and went to the ladies room. When she returned I asked her
if she remembered to do something, she looked around and then open her
purse enough for me to see her panties. During dinner I kept the
conversation on my wife's feelings that she not attractive. After dinner we
went into the lounge for another drink. By this time my wife had consumed
about 5 rum and cokes, which is about 2 above her limit, and was getting
very playful and suggestive in what she was going to do when we got home. I
deceided now was the time to put the last part of my plan in to action. I
pointed out a couple of guys at the bar and told her they couldn't take
their eyes off her. She said I was dreaming. I told her I'd make her a
deal, we would go to the club in the Holiday Inn, she



would enter by herself and sit at the bar, and see if anyone approched her.
I would sit near the restrooms. We also decieded she could call it off and
stop at anytime. I went into the club first while she checked her makeup
and fiddled around in the car for a couple minutes.



I ordered a drink and found a place to stand not far from the restrooms. It
was about 10:30 and they had a nice crowd already, just enough people that
I could get lost in but still see her. I was inside about 10 minutes and
beginng to think Brenda changed her mind when she walked in and took a seat
at the bar. She ordered a drink and sat sideways on the stool



so she could see the dance floor.



The one thing I hadn't considered looked like it may happen. Brenda
finished her drink and no one had gone near her, I was pissed at myself for
making her do this because I knew she would be heartbroken, this would be
her proof that she was no longer attractive. She looked over at me, I
signaled to get another drink. She turned and ordered another, the
bartender placed it down in front of her, as she went to pay for it, a guy
two stools down said something that caused the bartender to turn his head
toward the guy. The guy moved over to the stool next to my wife and handed
the bartender some money. I saw Brenda smile and begin to talk to the guy,
who's name I learned later was Don. They talked and ordered another drink,
this brought her up to 8 drinks on the night.



They finished their drinks and then Don asked her to dance. Brenda loves to
dance and after a couple drinks she likes to make alot of body contact.
Luckily the band was playing a fast song. The dance floor was crowed,
------------------------------------------------------------------------
but by positioning myself on a second level, the floor of which was
tabletop level with the tables on the floor, I was able to keep her in my
sights. They danced four songs before the band took a break. Don and my
wife went back to the bar and ordered another round. They were both very
annimated and did a lot of touching of hands and arms as they spoke. Don
said



something to Brenda and nodded ok, then they picked their drinks up and
moved to a table adjacent to the dance floor. I moved to another position
so I could see them better. My new position also was closer to them,



but still out of their view. I had full view of them from the table up and
below the table I could see from the knees down, but not their laps. The
band came back on and Don ordered another round before leading Brenda by
the hand on to the dance floor. The first song was another up tempo one, so
there wasn't much touching but my wife was really moving her body. The next
song was a slow one. Brenda melted into Don's arms. With one hand Don
gently rubbed her back, the other rested against the small of her back. The
band continued with another slow song, and the drinks



started to show their effect on my wife. Brenda started slowly rotating her
hips and Don responded by pulling her closer to him. Don also let his hand
drop from the small of her back to the top of her ass. They continued
dancing for another song before walking back to



their table hand in hand. The club by this time (11:30) was very crowded
and I was able to move to within 30 ft of them without being noticed.




I saw my wife getting up from her seat so I made my way over to the



restrooms, Brenda walked within 5ft of me and not only didn't see me,



but didn't even seem to look for me! Brenda was clearly feeling no pain. I
moved closer to the restrooms so she would have to see me when she



came out. When my wife came out of the ladies room, she smiled, I asked how
she was, she said everything was ok. I asked her if she wanted to leave now
that I proved my point. Brenda said no, but not to worry she was just
having a little fun, she would save the real fun for when we got home. I
asked her if she would like me to join them. Brenda said I couldn't because
she told Don I was away. I reminded her she had a lot to drink and asked if
she was sure she was ok. My wife said not to worry everything will be fine.
I asked her how late she wanted to stay she said she didn't know, maybe
1am, that would still give us time for fun when we got home and in the
morning. I told her I might step



outside, I also had a few drinks and I wanted to be sure my head was



clear for the drive home.



My wife suggested we get a room at the Holiday Inn, that way I could



have a few drinks, flirt with the women, and then we could meet in the room
at 1am, or if I didn't want to do that, to go home if I liked, and she
would be there around 1:15 - 1:45 for our private party. While saying this
she gave me her sexy look that I know from experience means a long fun
evening. I told her I would get a room,and call our friends who were
watching the kids, to tell them we would be staying at a hotel.
------------------------------------------------------------------------ I
went back to the club and saw Brenda and Don dancing to more fast songs. I
bought a drink and looked for some available women, but as they say the
good ones were all taken. So I went back to watching my wife. The band
announced a slow song before taking a break. Don held Brenda tight and put
one hand on the top of her ass like before, but didn't try to go further.
And my wife was a little less suggestive than the last slow one. After they
returned to their seats and drinks, I caught Brenda's eye



and signaled for her to meet me by the restroom. I gave her the key to the
room and told her I might be backdown, otherwise I'll see her at 1am. She
went back to Don and I got another key at the desk and went to our room. It
was 12:15. I put on the TV and strechted out on the bed. Things had worked
out nicely, Brenda found out that she was



still attractive to other guys. I fell asleep waiting for 1am.



I wokeup at 1:30 with no sign of Brenda, so I went down to the club to make
sure she was allright. The club was even busier than it was when I left. I
couldn't find them at first and was beginning to get worried when I saw
them at a table further away from the dance floor. I figured Brenda must
have lost track of the time so I was going to walk past their table so
Brenda would see me. As I got near their table, I could see Don had his
right hand under the table. I changed my course and was able to pass right
behind them. Don's hand was on her lap and her skirt had moved up just
enough to show the upper portion of her stockings but not the garter snaps
or above. She also had undone one of the buttons on her jacket and was
showing some nice cleavage. I found a spot to watch them from the upper
level, which gave me a good view of the floor and their table. As I
watched, a couple of guys standing next to me were talking about that " hot
number in black". As we watched Don started rubbing her inner thigh and her
skirt was now high enough that the bare skin of her leg above the stocking
could be seen. The guys standing near me, said "he's going for it again, he
keeps trying to get his hand up her skirt but she won't let him". I wasn't
suprised



she was letting Don do this, because after a couple of drinks she gets
horny and her normal conservative (in public anyway)



manner disappears. What DID suprise me knowing how horny she gets, was she
wouldn't let him go further.




Brenda said something to Don and his hand moved to her knee. Don moved his
head close to my wife's and was talking to her, Brenda's only reaction was
to giggle and smile. Then she gave him a quick kiss on the cheek and shook
her head no. Don still rubbing her leg said something to her again, and
this time she said yes and they got up and headed for the door leading to
the parking lot. They were standing in front of the club talking. Don was
asking Brenda if she wanted to go to his place for a nightcap. She said no,
she really just wanted to go to her room. Don offered to walk her to the
room, Brenda said he didn't have to but when he insisted, she agreed. As
they walked around to our room Don put his arm around her and Brenda had
her head on his shoulder. Brenda wasn't very steady on her feet and Don,
having realized he wasn't going to get her in bed started boldly getting
what he could. He move his hand up to her right breast and began gently
squeezing it, and rubbing his finger over the nipple area. Brenda didn't
respond she just kept waking along very slowly. They reached an open area
between two



buildings. Don guided my wife into this area and behind the steps leading
to the second floor. I was curious how far Brenda, even in her condition,
would let him go. Don backed Brenda up against the wall and started kissing
her. Brenda tried to turn her head for a second and Don started nibbling on
her neck. I knew something would happen now, because Brenda loves having
this done to her. She immediately began kissing him back. Don was sqeezing
her ass and began kissing his way done to her



breasts. Brenda just had her head back enjoying what Don was doing to her.
Don unbuttoned the last two buttons on her jacket and buried his face in
her cleavage. He then unhooked her bra, pushed the cups up and began
sucking her breasts. My wife was moaning and had her eyes closed, moving
her head from side to side. As Don continued



sucking her breasts his hands went back to sqeezing her ass. Don lifted her
skirt and cupped her naked ass cheeks. He said he wanted to go to



my wife's room with her. Again she refused. Don stood up and began kissing
her and continued trying to get her in bed. Don reached between my wife's
legs and got a suprise when he came in contact with her shaved and I'm sure
very wet pussy. He started rubbing her pussy and kissing her face and neck.
This put Brenda over the edge and she came with a long low moan. While
getting Brenda off, Don had taken his dick out and was now trying to fuck
my wife. Brenda grabbed his dick and forcefully said no. She then pushed
Don against the wall dropped to her knees and started giving him head.
Brenda is an excellent cocksucker. I've told her if we ever really needed
money she could make enough to support us just by giving blowjobs. Don's
hips started bucking after a couple of minutes and he came in her mouth.
Brenda wiped the remnets of his cum up with her hand and licked it off. As
they both began to put their clothes back in place, I went to our room.



I quickly put my jacket on the chair, kicked off my shoes and flopped



down on the bed with my back to the door. A couple minutes later Brenda
entered the room. I rolled over acting like I just wokeup. I said "what
time is it?" Brenda said "You know what time it is" as she headed for the
dressing area and started getting undressed. as I took my clothes off, I
asked her how things went. She said we'll talk later and began sucking my
dick, Because I had been walking around with a hardon for



most of the night I came quickly. My wife swallowed it all and kept



sucking until I got hard again. Once I was up she sat on my dick and



began fucking me for all she was worth. I can't remember her cunt ever
being wetter. She fucked me. She came, I came, She came again, then



we fell asleep.



I woke up first and went to the bathroom. Brenda's clothes were on the
floor, at least her jacket and skirt were, her bra was missing.



Brenda had kept the garter and stockings on when she came to bed. I love a
women in garters and stockings, so she always leaves them on.



I also noticed a couple of "spots" on her jacket, and in the pocket Don's
business card.



Driving home I asked her how her evening was she said fine, it was a turn
on to know guys would still hit on her. I pushed her for details of what
she did after I "went to the room", she said just dancing and small talk. I
asked if Don wanted more that just dancing. She said he let his hands roam
a couple of times but stopped when she told him to. I said he sounds tame
for a guy buying a girl drinks all night. Brenda said he did get a little
frisky at the end of the night. I wanted to see how much see would say so I
asked her what she meant by frisky. A couple of minutes of "what do you
mean? You know what I mean." followed and then silence.



Finally Brenda said that Don wanted to take her home and of course she
refused. Then when they were walking to our room he started kissing her. My
wife heisitated for a second then said she started kissing him back and
that they were grouping each other like "a couple of high school kids". I
said "I can't blame the guy for wanting to put his hands on you, besides
you were a little drunk". She said he did more than put his hands on me, he
unbuttoned my jacket, unhooked my bra, and put his hand between my legs. I
said "well I guess he did get a little excited". She said he asked her
again to fuck, she said no and



they walked to our room. Before entering Don kissed her goodnight and asked
her out on a "date". She told him she couldn't. Don continued kissing her
and unbuttoned her jacket again. She told him to stop before someone saw
them. Don stopped, but as he removed his hands from inside her jacket he
took her bra. He told her he would like to keep it as a momento of the
evening, she said he could but he had to leave. He gave her his card and
left. We were both quiet for a few minutes then I



rubbed her leg and told her I love her and that nothing she did upset



me, but that the next time we go out she's going braless for giving away
one of my favorite bras. She laughed and said "we'll talk about it". I told
her that if I was in Don's place I would have wanted at least a blowjob.
Brenda said "What would you say if I told you I did blow him?" I said "Well
I'd say the guy at least went home with a smile on his face." My wife put
her hand on my lap and rubbed my dick through my pants, and with a sly look
on her face said "yeah, he smiling when he left".



Watch for more stories in the Brenda Series. "Brenda goes to the Bahamas",
"Ralph", "Florida 95", and "Wedding" were recently posted, others to
follow. Comments always welcome.











Please send comments.







The D Man








------------------------------------------------------------------------
Your e-mail reply to this message WILL be *automatically* ANONYMIZED.
Please, report inappropriate use to abuse@anon.penet.fi For information
(incl. non-anon reply) write to help@anon.penet.fi If you have any
problems, address them to admin@anon.penet.fi From - Thu Jun 6 14:03:26
1996 Message-ID: <083321Z02061996@anon.penet.fi> Path:
jcccnet.johnco.cc.ks.us!ikaros.pei.edu!imci2!news.internetMCI.com!newsfeed.























Brenda's Date with Don



In the last story in the Brenda Series, Brenda meets Don, in which my wife
found guys would still try to pick her up, she met Don. This story takes
place three weeks later in late spring 1994. As always comments are
welcome.



The D Man







Things were pretty much as before my wife continued in her new found



horniness, which I was not complaining about. She continued keeping



her pussy shaved and now was going braless around the house all the time,
not just when she knew she wouldn't be going out of the house.



About 3 weeks after the nightclub, as Brenda was putting her laundry away,
I asked her when she was going to call Don and get her bra back. She



laughed and said "I have enough bras. I don't think I'll miss one, besides
I'm not wearing as many now anyway". I said it was ok with me but it was
part of a bra, panty, and garter set and then changed the



subject. I wasn't going to push her to see him, but I was curious to see
what she would do. A couple of more weeks went by with neither of us
mentioning Don. I figured it must have been the drinks that made her blow
him and that she wouldn't be doing anything again. But then Brenda called
and said she had called Don and asked for her bra back because it was part
of a set. Don told her he would give it to her she she went on a "date"
with him this coming friday. My wife told him she would have to ask me and
get back to him. Brenda told him I knew everything and had no problems with
it. Don still didn't believe her, when Brenda told him she would him she
would call him right back.



When she told me Don's offer I felt just about every emotion imaginable. I
asked her I she wanted to. Brenda said "We've talked about it for years.
Lets do it before I chicken out." I said ok. Brenda said she would prefer
that I not be there, because she was a "little nervous about it to begin
with and if I was there she would, well could I just do the first one
alone. I think it will be easier. " I agreed. We both agreed it should be
at our house. Brenda would make the date for 8:30,after the kids were in
bed, and tell Don that I was going out with the guys and would be back
around midnight.



Friday,I came home from work ate, showered, got an incredible blowjob,
------------------------------------------------------------------------
dressed and headed out for the night, or so Brenda thought. I drove to the
mall and went to the 7:15 movie, since I knew nothing would happen at



home until 8:30. After the movie I parked a couple blocks from home and
went for a walk arriving back at my car at 9:00



I walked over to our house and saw a car in our driveway. I went around to
the back of the house and entered the basement. I heard voices above me
coming from the living room. I went up the steps and listened. They were
making small talk and having drinks. Don asked where the bathroom was and
Brenda told him to use the one upstairs, but to be quiet so the kids will
not wake up. Don suggested my wife change in to something more comfortable.
Brenda said she already had something in mind, and reminded Don again to
come right back to the living room when he was done. Then they both headed
upstairs, I headed to the utility room. I figured they wouldn't need to
come in there and if they did there was a full size closet I could hide in.
From the utility room I could see just about all of the living room.



Don returned to the living room first. He poured them each a drink and sat
on the sofa. A couple minutes later as Brenda came down the



steps, Don smiled and said "is this for me?" When my wife stepped into
view, I saw she was wearing one of my favorite outfits. It's a



blue spandex two piece. The top just barely covers her tits, while the
bottom leaves her lower ass cheeks exposed. To top the outfit off, she
wears blue stayup stockings.



They embraced and kissed in the middle of the room, with Don's hands



roughly sqeezing her ass. My wife's top had already pulled up exposing her
tits. Don moved to her tits, sucking and squeezing them. Brenda



pulled her top off and held her tits, offering them to Don who continued
sucking them like a hungry baby. They slump to the floor and they began
rubbing each others crotches. Don quickly pulled Brenda's bottom off and
began eating her shaved cunt. My wife's eyes were closed and she was



breathing heavly and rubbing her cunt into his face before cumming. Don
removed his pants and straddled Brenda's face, feeding her his cock.



My wife sucked him for a couple minutes then Don pulled his cock from



her mouth and told her he wanted to fuck her. Brenda spread her legs



wide with her knees pulled back to her shoulder giving Don a clear view of
her shaved pussy. Don stuck his face back into it and began eating her
again. Brenda let out a loud moan and told Don to " ram that dick up my
cunt! Fuck me! Fuck me!" Don told her she would have to beg if she wanted
him to fuck her. Brenda just said "please fuck me, you been waiting so
long, fuck me." Don told her to play with her pussy. Brenda started rubbing
her pussy then inserting her fingers and finger fucking herself to another
orgasem. After enjoying the sight of Brenda playing with herself, he told
her also suck on her tits, which she did. This is one of the few things I
could never get her to do. Brenda came again, and now was so horny she
begged Don to



fuck her. Instead he told her to "crawel over here and suck my dick. "



My wife did as she was told and began sucking his dick while he sat on the
sofa and finished his drink. Don grabbed the sides of my wifes head and
fucked her mouth until he came in it. They rested for a few



minutes with Brenda's face still in Don's lap. Don told her to get them
another drink. I watch my wife, naked except for her stockings,



with Don's cum on her chin walk to the bar and pour them each another



drink. As he sipped his drink, he told my wife to down hers which she did.
Don told her to refill her glass and down it again which again she did. He
continued to do this until Brenda had downed five



straight drinks. Don obviusly remembered from the nightclub the effect
alcohol has on Brenda.



Brenda asked Don again to fuck her. Don told her to lay on her back and
spread her legs with her knees back like she had earlier. After



my wife did this he told her to pull her pussy open. After my wife did this
Don took a banana from the fruit bowl and began fucking her



with it. Brenda bucked her hips fucking the banana for all she was worth,
when she was about to cum again, Don removed the banana from her pussy and
peeled it. He then pushed it all the way back into Brenda's pussy, removed
it and told her to eat it which she did.



Brenda was begging Don to fuck her. She walked unsteadly from too many
drinks to where Don was sitting on the sofa. And looking up at him, began
licking his balls and sucking his dick, between pleas for him to fuck her.
Don pushed her on her back and roughly enter her. He pounded her hard and
fast and Brenda had one orgasim after another. Don pulled out and told her
lay face down and spread her ass cheeks. He tryed to enter her ass but
couldn't. He told Brenda to get some vaseline. Then had her smear some on
his cock and put some in her ass. What a sight! My wife with her ass
sticking up, asshole clearly visable putting vaseline up her ass. When Don
thought she was ready he moved behind her and went balls deep up her ass in
one thrust. Although Brenda has been fucked in the ass many times, she
screamed in pain. Don didn't care he kept pounding her ass, pulling just
about all the way out then ramming it all the back in. Tears were streaming
down her face and she seemed to be crying, screaming, and yelping all at
the same time. The entire time Don was fucking her ass he was calling her a
whore and a slut, to which my wife responded by grinding her ass back at
him. Don buried his cock all the up her ass one last time and came. He
pulled his cum covered cock from her ass and wiped it on Brenda's face. My
wife took his cock in her mouth and sucked it clean.



Don got dressed and started for the door but stopped. He walked back over
to my wife and reached into his coat pocket, and dropped the bra she had
given him at the club on her as she lay on the floor, then left. Three
things occured to me, the first being my balls felt like they were going to
explode, and the second, that my wife Brenda had just given the sluttyist
performance I had ever seen, and the third, I was proud that this
"whore/slut" was my wife.



Brenda didn't move for about 10 minutes after Don left, she just whimpered.
Brenda finally got up and went upstairs. When I heard the shower start, I
left the house, It was 12:10. I sat in the car for a while listening to the
radio, got the score of the ballgame I "went to" and headed home. I entered
the house at 1:00, Brenda was going up the steps and was near the top where
it was to dark to get a good look at her face. I asked her how it went and
she said "OK". Then she said she was really tired and was going to bed. We
said good night and I went into the kitchen. She had washed the glasses and
put them away. The living room looked normal. I didn't see any



stains or anything on the sofa or rug. If I didn't know better, I would
have though she spent the evening watching T.V. I turned out the lights and
went to bed.







The next morning Brenda told me everything that happen, every detail.



I told her next time I wanted to be there. Later that week Brenda was
playing around with some of her photography equipment. I asked her what she
was up to. She said "Don's coming over again on friday, He still doesn't
want you here, but he agreed to let me take pictures for you. During the
week Brenda set her darkroom up in the basement. Friday I did the same
thing as the week before except I couldn't get back in the house, so I hid
between the hedges and a side window to the living room. This gave me a
good view of the room, but I couldn't hear anything. It was pretty much as
the week before. My wife gave him a blowjob, then after she got him hard
again he fucked her pussy until he came. As they were going at it the
camera would flash. Brenda was using a hand held shutter release. Later
before Don left he fucked Brenda's pussy again filling it again. When Don
left, Brenda headed for the basement and I went to get the car.



When I "got home" about 45 minutes later, Brenda was sitting naked on



a blacket on the living room floor. She said "tomorrow I'll show you the
pictures but tonight you can look at this." Then she spread her legs with
her knees back by her ears and openned her pussy further with her fingers
to show me what remained of Don's cum in her pussy. I stood there just
staring at the cum running out of her. She said "Don't just stand there,
get over here and fuck me. I haven't had enough yet." It was the beginning
of a great night.

I am posting three of the pictures Brenda took. The heading is Brenda &
Don.



The D Man


