	He carried her across the door step.  Placed her slender, tall
body down as they reached the front foyer of the house. She looked
at this man she had just married.  She realized she did not know
him.  She knew him, but not well.  He smiled at her and took her
hand.  Leading her down the main hall of the house to the sitting
room.  It was a large home.  A mansion of sorts.  It had a sitting
room, living room, library, solarium, formal dining room, breakfast
room and kitchen with attached pantry on the first floor. On the
second was four bedrooms, plus the master suite.  Attached to the
master suite was a sitting room, two baths, his and hers, laying
between the two baths was a room with a hot tub and area for
exercise equipment.  An additional room, which she had never been
in, for her new husband had always kept this room locked was just
off the master suite sitting room.  Without a word he motioned for
her to sit on the sofa.  She did so.  He then walked to the bar at
the other end of the room, reached behind the counter and pulled
out a bottle of champagne, which had already been placed in a
chilling bucket.  He wrapped the towel around the bottle then
untwisted the wire and pulled the cork.  The pop of the opening of
the bottle filled the room. She glanced over at her new husband,
Mark, watching him wrap the towel around the bottle closer to the
top to catch the overflowing champagne.  He then reached for two
long stemmed crystal glasses and poured the drink into them. He
walked over to Diane, his youthful and beautiful new bride, handed
her a one of the glasses then sat beside her.  "We'll explore all
areas of life together my love," Mark said to her softly.  Then
leaned toward her and kissed her gently on the cheek, then her full
red lips.  She is a sleek, beautiful, young woman of twenty five. 
Her auburn hair, long, softly falling over her shoulders has high
lights of red and golden strands running through it.  Her eyes,
sometimes a soft blue and other times, especially when sexually
excited, turned to an almost steel gray with tiny blue specks
dancing through the iris.  Her complexion is soft and smooth,
almost silky.  Her legs, long and slim, and firm from the daily
exercising she did.  Her frame was small, almost petite, and yet
she stood five feet seven inches tall.  Mark is an 'older man', as
she told her friends before they were wed.  He is thirty two.  His
physique was one of a former football player, more the type of a
quarter back than a lineman. His dark brown hair, is medium length
for a man, yet styled, has the wind blown look to it.  His eyes are
a dark blue, expressive and what some women term bedroom eyes.  He
stood six foot two inches and had a firm body from head to toe. 
They drank their glasses empty.  Mark then reached for Diane's hand
and stood, pulling her gently up with him.  He led her down the
hall to the staircase to the second floor.  They enter the master
suite and Mark closed the door behind them.  Without a word, Mark
reached over to Diane's white wedding suite and removed the jacket,
letting his fingers gently caress her bare shoulders.  He then
turned her around and lifted her hair off the back of her dress,
found the zipper and slowly moved it down her curved body to its
end track.  He slid the dress off her shoulders and it fell in a
soft heap at her feet.  She wore no slip underneath, only a white
laced bra, bikini panties and a garter belt that held the nylons up
that clung to her long slender legs.  Mark turned her towards him,
surveyed her body, then reached his arms behind her and unclasped
the bra.  Her tender, firm breasts now exposed, wiggled a bit with
excitement. The small, pink nipples, as if laying dormant, invited
Mark's touch.  He reached out and gently stroked each nipple with
his fingers, then slowly, yet tenderly pinched each nipple between
his thumb and forefinger.  They reacted with a suddenness and stood
at attention, hard under his fingers gentle pressure. Mark removed
his fingers and slid his hands down Diane's sides to the top of her
garter belt.  Diane could feel the excitement building in her belly
and down between her thighs. Mark unclasped the snaps holding the
garter belt around her small thin waist, then in a quick fashion
moved the garter belt and nylons over her legs.  When he reached
her feet, she stepped, one foot at a time out of the nylons and the
dress crumpled there on the floor. He did not go back up to remove
her panties.  He instead took her hand and led her to the bed.  She
sat down.  He removed his jacket and tie, then his shirt and
trousers.  He then sat down next to Diane and removed his shoes and
socks.  Diane glanced down at his manliness swelling up under his
underwear.  Mark then stood and with outstretched hand, took
Diane's hand and pulled her to her feet once again.  Her excitement
was building now with the anticipation of the love making she knew
was going to take place.  Mark reached for the covers on the bed
and pulled them back, leaving nothing on the bed but the bottom
sheet. He laid her down on the bed and sat beside her.  She reached
for her panties in an attempt to remove them.  Mark's hands stopped
her, "I will do that my love, I will do everything."  She rested
her hands back on the bed, waiting for Mark to touch her body. When
he did not do so right away, she moved her hand to his groin area,
reaching her fingers out to touch him gently.  He reached down and
removed her hand.  "Lay quietly my dear, all will be taken care of
soon.", Mark said.  Then he told her to close her eyes, for he had
a surprise for her.  She did so.  She heard him stand and walk away
from the bed, she was tempted to peek, but did not.  She suddenly
felt a soft, furry strap being placed around her wrist, first the
left one, then the right.  Her arms then were outstretched toward
the head of the bed and secured so she could not move her arms at
all.  She wasn't sure she liked this, but he was her husband and
she was willing to try anything he wished.  Mark then placed straps
on her ankles and spread her legs apart and attached the cords
hanging from the straps to the end of the bed.  He looked up at
Diane as he sat on the foot of the bed, finishing off the tieing of
the cords, her crotch now spread wide open, with her panties tight
across her pussy. He could see the moisture of her juices making a
wet spot on the crotch of the panties.  She lay there helpless,
unable to move, waiting for him to take control.  He deliberately
did not touch her, knowing the waiting would build the eagerness
within her. Finally she felt him move towards the head of the bed. 
She felt his lips press down on her mouth and she parted her lips
waiting for him to push his tongue inside.  He did not, but instead
he placed a blindfold over her eyes.  Then he gently, and tenderly
moved his tongue between her teeth and probed the inside of her
mouth, flicking the end of his tongue quickly at the roof of her
mouth.  When she tried to respond by playing with his tongue with
her own, he abruptly removed his tongue from her mouth and left the
edge of the bed.  She lay there waiting with hot desires and
expectations of his next move.  5Diane waited, for what seemed to
be an eternity, when she once again could feel her lover near her. 
She then felt the light touch of something soft on her breasts. 
She could not identify what was touching her, but it made her
tingle. Mark pulled the object down over her nipples, first the
left one and then the right.  Then slowly down her body to her flat
stomach, leading down toward her shaved pubic box, beneath her
panties. Yet he did not touched the top of the slit to her cunt, as
if he could see through her panties were it began.  He then moved
the item down to her legs.  Beginning at her ankles, he lightly
teased her flesh with the soft item, slowly moving it up her legs
to her thighs.  He pulled it over her legs slowly, deliberately
tantalizing her with the excitement of the play, yet he did not
touch it to her inner thigh.  He then began back at her nipples
again and repeated the same action.  By the time he had stopped she
was moaning with the thrill of the feeling, becoming hotter than
she thought she could.  With the same suddenness of the touch
beginning, it stopped.  She could feel Mark rise and leave the bed
again.  When he returned she felt something cold and hard touch her
outer hip area and slide under her panties. Suddenly the panties
released themselves and lay open on that side. Mark had cut them
open.  He then reached over to her other hip and snipped the other
side open, then reached down, being very careful not to touch her
vagina region, grabbed the panties and pulled them quickly from her
body.  They slid, wading a bit in the crack of her buttocks, which
sent a wave of warmth through her, before they released themselves
from the pressure of her weight on the back of them.  She then
heard Mark lay the scissors down on the night table.  He reached up
to her breasts and gently, tenderly cupped them in his hands.  He
squeezed them each lightly.  Then softly, almost too softly to even
feel, began running his fingers over the nipples.  Diane's soft
pink nipples stood erect and hard.  The more he played with the
nipples the harder they became until they ached for a firmer touch.
Diane could feel her inner thighs becoming wet now from her juices
flowing from her pussy.  The juices flowed back into her crack,
touching her anus and covering her buttocks. The firmer touch came
surprisingly to Diane, for suddenly Mark's soft, gentle touch
turned to a pinching of the hard nipples. The pinches start out not
being too hard, but as she moaned more, he increased the tightness
of his fingers on her nipples.  The pain she felt was now soaring
through her being, she screamed, a truncated scream, but
nonetheless a scream. He did not respond by releasing his firm
hold, but instead increased the pressure to the nipples.  When she
screamed again, he pulled the nipples out, extending her small
breasts and still holding the tight pinch to the tip of the nipple. 
She tossed her head back and forth, but felt the warmth and
excitement of the pain she endured rush through her body and find
its way to her pussy and she responded with an orgasm.  He released
his grip and bent down and lightly, almost gingerly kissed her
nipples, first one then the other. Moving his head back and forth
from one nipple to the other, his tongue flicked the tip of each
tit until they were both moist. He then blew lightly on the nipple
and again, in spite of what they had just been put through, they
responded by becoming hard again.  He then reached up and undid her
hands, warning her not to move, or he would do everything.  She was
so excited, and wanting more, she obeyed his words and lay
perfectly still. When he finished undoing the straps from her legs,
he then reached over to her shoulders, and told her to turn over,
face down. She rolled, with his hands guiding her, until she was
face down on the bed.  He then placed the straps back on her ankles
and then her wrists.  She lay there, with her head turned to the
side, blindfold still in place, and she was now spread eagle on her
stomach.  Mark rose and walked away from the bed.  When he returned
Diane again felt the soft, gentle touch of the item she had felt
before on her breasts, stomach and legs.  Mark whispered to her,
"Have you figured out what this is yet?" "No," she answered softly. 
"A feather my dear, a simple feather."  She did not respond, for
she did not have time to say anything, when she felt the feather
floating down her back to the top of her buttocks.  Mark reached
for something off the night stand and she felt him wipe off her
buttocks with a towel, removing the juices she had released from
his earlier teasing.  Then the feather was drawn over her buttocks,
lightly, gently, slowly tickling her with excitement. Mark then
reached down and released the cords that tied her legs to the bed,
then after giving a little slack to the cords, retied them.  He
then reached to the side, and from the floor took a pillow and
ordered Diane to raise her hips a bit.  She did so, as he pressed
the pillow under her stomach and top of her hips, thus raising her
buttocks up and opening her crack to expose her dark pink anus. 
Mark then pulled the towel, slowly through her crack moving it up
and down until the area was dry.  He then took the feather and
tickled her anus and buttocks, slowly, with deliberateness.  Diane
tingled inside from the stimulation given her anus.  Suddenly it
all stopped.  She lay there in anxiety for what he would do next. 
She did not have long to wait.  Suddenly she felt a soft, moist
liquid on her buttocks. Then Mark's hands gently massaged the
liquid into her buttocks, down between her fleshy mounds and into
her anus.  She could tell from the smell that filled the room that
he was rubbing her with baby oil.  Her body fluttering inside and
out with the touch of his hands.  He withdrew his fingers and wiped
his hands on a towel. She heard him reach to the night stand again,
and slide open the drawer, withdrawing something and then closing
the drawer. She waited for the next adventure.  She had never been
made love to in this manner, teasing, tantalizing, causing pain,
then teasing again, causing her excitement to flow as it had never
flowed before.  Suddenly she felt a sharp stinging on her buttocks.
Again, and again.  Mark held firmly in his hand a flat leather
paddle.  He raised the paddle above Diane's ass and slapped it down
hard once again, Diane screamed from the pain.  He stopped, reached
over to the nightstand again, pulled out a scarf and then placed it
in Diane's mouth to muffle her screams.  The punishment, she
realized, would continue.  She felt angry at first, but after the
next two spanks with the paddle, she realized the excitement she
felt.  Mark's hand, holding the paddle, continued to hit Diane's
now sore, pink, tender ass, his other hand made its way between her
legs and his fingers found her opening.  He slowly moved his
fingers over the outer lips of her box, but never inside.  The
teasing was beginning to drive her wild.  She suddenly realized she
was raising her buttocks up to meet the blows of the paddle.  Mark
ordered her to remain still, and not move at all.  She could not
believe her ears. Not move, when she was hot, on fire with the
excitement of what was happening to her, ready to cum at any
moment.  She moved her buttocks up again, waiting for the next
smack of the paddle, but it did not come.  Mark withdrew his hand
from her crotch and sat waiting for her to remain quiet.  When she
realized that nothing would continue until she stopped moving, she
tried with all her might to stay still.  The spanking resumed,
lightly at first, teasing her seething buttocks.  Then Mark's other
hand moved down between her legs again and began teasing the lips
of her vagina again.  She tried as hard as she could not to move,
but every once an awhile she wrenched with expectation to the next
blow of the paddle and Mark's rubbing fingers.  When Mark felt her
rising to the point of climax, he increased the power of blows on
her buttocks, smacking them harder and harder.  She was about to
explode.  He suddenly stopped.  She was wet with her flowing
juices, yet aching inside, waiting to cum and yet not doing so.  
Mark then took a dildo vibrator and inserted it into her anus.  At
first it hurt, for she had never had anything in her anus before
except fingers.  He then twisted it gently, moving it deeper into
her, then turned it on so the vibration began.  He then pushed it
deeper into her anus so that the end of it was resting just below
the surface of her cheeks.  He rubbed more baby oil onto her
buttocks, rubbing the now very tender, burning ass of Diane. She
lay there waiting, begging for Mark to spank her and take her, she
did so without saying anything, but thinking it only.  Mark then
placed the flat of his hand across her sore buttocks and began to
slap. With his other hand he probed her clit.  He spanked her again
and again. With the vibrator inside her ass, the spanking on her
tender buttocks, his finger probing and teasing her clit she was
ready to explode with excitement.  He administered four more very
hard smacks to her bottom then stopped, withdrew his fingers from
her clit.  He reached down and released her feet from the straps
that held them, then her hands, making sure she understood not to
move until he told her to do so.  He then rolled her over on her
back, with the vibrator still pushed inside her ass, he pulled her
legs up so her knees were touching her breasts.  He reached down
and turned the vibrator to high and then pinched her sore buttocks
hard between his finger tips, she went wild.  He withdrew the
vibrator and told her to lay still.  She wanted him to come inside
her.  She was dying to feel him inside her.  Mark took the straps
and secured them around her wrists again and then around her
ankles.  He took the cords to the straps around her ankles and
untied them, and forcing her knees to her chest again, he retied
them to the head of the bed with her legs spread wide, exposing the
entire area of her vagina.  Mark then moved to her vagina area and
lightly, slowly, licked her clit with his tongue. Then increasing
the motion of his tongue teased her vagina area. She was dying to
cum, and Mark knew this, so he withdrew again. She flipped her head
back and forth pleading with him, through her gagged mouth to take
her.  He stood, removed his underwear and his cock stood out erect. 
His cock was almost ready to explode, but he held it back from
doing so.  He then mounted Diane and slowly slid his cock into her
opened clit and pushed slowly.  She responded by trying to move her
hips toward him, he thwarted her movement by placing his hands on
her hips and holding her down.  The message was clear to her.  He
then removed his hands from her hips and slid them under her
elevated buttocks.  As he increased the speed of his thrust he
began spanking her buttocks again.  Harder and harder as his
thrusts increased, until both collapsed from the climax they had
experienced.  He lay there with his head between her breasts for
only a moment.  Then he reached up to Diane's gagged mouth and
removed the scarf.  "Oh Mark, that was fantastic.  Better than
anything I've ever felt."  Mark placed his hand over her mouth and
said, "My love, it is not over yet.  There is more to come."  He
removed the blindfold, untied her hands and legs and let her sit on
the edge of the bed resting and regaining her strength.  Her bottom
burning as she sat on it, a reminder of the excitement and pain she
had just experienced.  Mark got up and walked into his bath room,
then into the hot tub room adjoining the two baths and turned the
hot tub on.  Diane was surprised at herself.  She never dreamed she
would enjoy being submissive, or spanked.  She became excited just
thinking about it.  She squeezed her buttocks together, causing the
pain to soar again, as a reminder of the thrill she had felt. She
felt herself becoming hot again, and her cunt getting excited.  She
wanted Mark to do it again, but was too timid to ask.  Mark
returned to the bedroom, walked over to Diane and took her hand.
He led her into the hot tub room and helped her into the tub.  "Did
you enjoy that then?", he finally asked.  "Oh yes Mark," Diane
cooed.  "I enjoyed it very much.  Did you?"  "Oh yes, I enjoyed it
very much.  Then you like being dominated?"  "Yes Mark, I liked it
more than anything I can ever remember."  "Well, my dear, sweet
love, there will be more after our hot tub, and good night's rest." 
Diane did not say anything, but looked at Mark's eyes, thrilled
with the anticipation of what lay ahead. She relaxed in Mark's arms
and enjoyed the bubbling water. One jet fingering her sore
buttocks, relieving the pain they held. They stayed there for
nearly an hour.  Then went into the bedroom and slept.  When
morning came, Mark told Diane to go to the hot tub again, she did
so, he joined her a few minutes later and served her a light
breakfast of fruit and toast, along with coffee.  They ate and Mark
kissed her tenderly.  "Are you ready for more my love?", he
questioned.  "Yes darling, more than ready."  Diane said. Mark
began to gently touch her body everywhere and kissed her, inserting
his tongue deep into her mouth.  Both teasing each other with their
tongues, playing tag inside her mouth.  He then stood and looked
down at Diane and said, it is time.  "You wait here a moment."
Diane stayed in the hot tub, waiting for her husband to return.
She finished her morning coffee as she waited.  When he returned,
he carried with him clothing and a towel.  Diane could not make out
what the clothing was, for it was partially hidden by the towel. 
"Come my dear," Mark said, reaching out his hand to her.  She
stood, taking his hand and stepped out of the hot tub.  Mark
slowly, and effortlessly wiped the towel over Diane's body, drying
all areas.  He then turned back to the clothing, which he had hung
on the back of the door. "You will put this on now", he did not
make a request, but ordered her to do so.  She understood the
forcefulness of his command and became excited by his sudden power
over her.   The clothing was not what she had thought it to be.  It
was a leather halter. She looked this item over carefully, trying
to figure out exactly how to put it on.  Mark moved to her side and
said he would help her this time.  He took the halter from her and
placed one strap around her waist.  The next strap criss- crossed
between her breast and then over her shoulders and was secured to
the waist band.  She could feel two straps on the back of the
halter, but did not know what their purpose was. Under the straps
that criss-crossed between her breasts were small cups and it
pushed her breasts upwards, making the full and extended more. 
Mark then took her left hand and pulled it to her back and placed
it in one of the straps which had been dangling. He tighten the
strap around her wrist leaving her arm now secured about mid-way up
her back from her waistline.  He then secured the right wrist to
the remaining straps.  Diane could feel the excitement starting to
build within her. She could feel the moisture of her juices ebb out
onto the top of her closed legs.  Mark took her by the elbow,
without a word, and led her across the bath into the bedroom and to
the locked door.  He reached to his pocket and unlocked the door
and forcefully pulled Diane into the room.  Diane did not react to
this, for she was enjoying his forcefulness.  He led her to the
center of the room, then walked back to turn on a light.  The room,
which had no windows, was carpeted with a thick, soft carpeting. 
On one side of the room stood stocks, the type they used back in
Colonial days in the U.S. for public punishments.  On the other
side of the room was a table with leather straps at one end of the
table, secured to the top of the table. Leather straps also secured
to the legs of the table.  The table appeared to be adjustable in
height.  Next to the table, standing out from the wall about five
feet,  was what appeared to be a large picture frame.  This frame
was made of 2 x 4's and on the corners resting on the carpet were
tripods made of wood to hold the frame upright. On each inside
corner of the frame were chains with hooks on them.  In one corner
a chair was poised with the seat facing the corner.  There were two
straight back, wooden chairs in the room plus a soft, easy chair. 
On the final wall, there was a cupboard, with its doors closed. 
Mark took Diane to the frame and told her to stand there waiting
for him.  She did so, with anticipation of what was to come. She
was excited even more now, after having seen the room.  He walked
to the cupboard and opened it.  Diane saw for the first time the
cupboard's contents.  The first shelf of the cupboard held leather
straps, varying in width, along with little clamps (what their
purpose was, she did not know).  On the second shelf were several
types of paddles, ranging from leather paddles to wooden paddles. 
On the third shelf were whips and wide, thick leather belts.  She
gasped when she first looked.  Mark did not turn around to look at
her, but continued his action of pulling items out of the cupboard. 
He opened a drawer, the lower portion of the cupboard had three
drawers in it, and pulled something from it.  Diane could not see
what it was.  He then walked back to Diane carrying various items
in his hands.  "Are you sure you wish this, my love?"  Mark
questioned.  "Yes darling, anything to make you happy."  Diane
replied, with some hesitation in her voice but conviction in her
thinking.  Mark told her to turn around, she did so.  He undid her
hands and told her to hold them out to her side.  As she did this,
Mark placed a leather strap on each wrist then ordered her to stand
within the frame.  She moved back and he took each hand and
connected the wrists to the chains on each corner.  She was now
secured to the frame.  He walked back to the cupboard and pulled
out two more leather straps and came to her and secured the straps
around her ankles.  He told her to spread her legs wide, and as she
did he connected the chains from the corners of the frame to the
straps on her ankles.  She now was spread eagle within the frame. 
Mark went back to the cupboard and got some other items.  When he
came back to her, he told her to open her mouth wide.  She did so,
and as she did he placed a small, rubber dildo into her mouth then
secured the dildo in place with a leather strap around her mouth
and head.  She was so excited by now that her juices were running
down her open legs.  Her hips moved forward in a grinding motion,
as if she were searching for something to touch her burning pussy
and give her satisfaction. Nothing was to be found and she remained
in her most excited  condition.  Mark, taking notice of her hip
motion decided to secure her waist and hooked chains to the waist
band of the halter she still wore.  Her motion now thwarted, making
her pussy even more electrified with excitement.  Mark went back to
the cupboard and removed two of the clamps and a retrieve a scarf
from one of the drawers.  He draped the scarf over his shoulder and
walked back to Diane.  He reached out and touched her breasts,
looking her in the eyes the entire time.  He then took one of the
clamps and showed it to her then moved down to her left breast and
pulled on the nipple slightly. Her eyes showed the fear she now
had.  Mark had been cautious to take the clamps that would exert
the least amount of pressure on her tender nipples, causing no more
pressure than if he were to pinch the nipple with his fingers.  He
placed the clamp on the left nipple and watched Diane's eyes
carefully.  She closed her eyes at the sudden pressure on her
nipple and rolled her head back. She was already excited and moist,
and this just pushed her further to the edge.  He then placed the
other clamp on her right nipple.  Once both were securely in place
he patted them softly and Diane reacted even more, trying to thrust
her hips forward without success.  Mark took the scarf and secured
it around her eyes now, so she had only her sense of feeling and
hearing to rely upon.  Diane could feel the rush of pleasure
overtaking her body. Her senses were tuned into the sensation of
feeling only.  The pressure on her nipples did not cause pain, but
excited her more.  She felt no pain from her bonds, but the
sensation of heat flowing through her was almost overwhelming.  She
wanted to tell Mark to take her, but with the small dildo in her
mouth she could not speak.  She stood, trying to get some
satisfaction from the penis shaped dildo in her mouth by sucking on
and picturing in her mind it was Mark's stiff cock.  Mark sat in
the easy chair now and watched her.  He did not speak, nor move. 
He just sat quietly by watching her.  When he felt her anxiousness
had increased enough, he rose and got a leather belt from the
cupboard.  The belt he choose was a thin belt, which gave more
sting than anything else.  Diane heard him get up and could tell he
had gone to the cupboard.  She did not know what was to happen
next, but was mesmerized by the sudden sounds of activity about
her.  She could feel her pussy begin to throb with anticipation. 
Mark walked to her and said nothing.  He reached down to her pussy
and felt it with his fingers.  She was wet.  He took rather large
dildo and eased it into her cunt.  She moaned through the rubber
penis pushed into her mouth.  He then moved to the side of her and
swiftly swung the double over belt in the air, snapping  it so  she
could hear the leather slap together.  She reacted as she had been
struck with the leather, rather than just hearing it.  Mark reached
down to the dildo and pulled it out slowly, to the very tip of it,
then quickly pushed it back into her. She moaned again.  He pulled
his arm back and the leather belt came down with a light, but sound
impact on Diane's bare-bottom. She screamed through her gag at the
first smack.  Mark continued to slap the leather strap on her ass. 
Each time he struck her he would spank the leather strap down a
little more strenuously until the spanking strokes became firm and
consistent.  As he did this he reached to the dildo in her hot
pussy and pulled it in and out, in and out, until Diane was moaning
more and more. When he sensed she was about to cum he stopped and
waited, removing the dildo.  Her body reacted and she expressed
this by flipping her head back.  Mark reached down and touched her
now wide open pussy and could tell she had not come.  Exactly what
he wanted. He let her stand, bond by her chains, in her burning
excitement. When he was satisfied she had settled down some, he
began again. Slapping her buttocks with the leather strap with a
firm stroke and pushing the dildo in and out of hot pussy.  He
brought her to point of orgasm again and then pulled the dildo from
her and stopped spanking her.  He continued this process for quite
some time, to Diane it seemed like hours, but in fact, it was just
under one hour.  Her ass was now a bright, burning red and she
still had not been satisfied.  She ached inside and the rage of
fire in her wet pussy was causing her a yearning to be fucked and
fucked hard.  Mark unhooked her slowly.  He braced her against his
body, for she was having trouble standing.  Her arms feel to her
sides.  He reached for them and rubbed them tenderly, bringing the
total sensation of feeling back to her arms.  He then did the same
with her legs.  Letting her brace herself against his shoulder as
he moved down to her legs.  Once she was able to stand again on her
own he ordered her to the middle of the room.  She walked, being
guided by Mark to the middle of the room and he placed his hand on
her shoulder to indicate to her to stop.  He then placed his hands
firmly on her shoulders and told her to move down to the floor on
her knees.  She did do.  He positioned her hands in front of her
and pushed her head down to the soft carpet. He commanded her not
to move or he would be forced to tie her hands and spank her again. 
Diane did not move.  She waited, with her hands and arms to her
elbows crossed on floor with her head resting on her forearms.  Her
sore, burning, bright red ass thrust into the air.  Mark was hard
and ready.  He reached down, grabbing Diane's hot ass cheeks and
opening them.  His hand moved to her moist pussy and his fingers
reached into her and pulled out with a handful of her hot juices
and he rubbed his cock. When it was slippery he pushed it hard into
Diane's ass. His force even surprised him for he entered her
completely on the first push.  She screamed into her gag.  Mark
moved slowly now, pulling out, when the head of his cock reached
the opening he  pushed hard back into her.  He this pattern for a
bit, slowly pulling out then with forcefulness pushing himself back
into her ass.  His hands still on her burning, red ass.  He could
feel the heat her ass cheeks were giving off from her spanking and
this excited him more.  His movements picked up speed.  He bent
over further and reached for Diane's left, clamped nipple and
pulled on the clamp slightly.  Diane was about to explode.  Mark
then put his attention totally on her ass and pushed in and out
with a great deal of speed.  Diane felt his cock swell inside her
and she came with the most extraordinary orgasm she had ever had.
Mark's cum exploded into her ass and Diane came again.  When Mark
had finished, he pulled her to her feet.  He left the blindfold on
her and her gag in her mouth, then placed her hands behind her back
and secured them to her halter. He removed the nipple clamps and
led her to the chair in the corner of the room.  He ordered her to
sit.  She did so, with a little too much enthusiasm, causing
herself pain when her very sore buttocks touched the hard, wooden
chair.  He knelt down in front of her and secured her ankles, one
to each side to the leg of the chair.  "I shall leave you here. 
You are not to attempt to move, no matter what happens.  Do you
understand?"  Mark questioned her authoritatively.  Diane shook her
head up and down.  She was still very excited and still wanted to
cum again.  The threat of something else happening excited her even
more.  She had loved the activities thus far this morning.  She had
never felt so much delirium in having sex before and wanted more. 
She did not know how long she sat there.  She did know her bottom
hurt badly.  She also knew her pussy was still hot and wet. She
wanted to feel Mark's hard cock inside her pussy.  She tried not to
think about it because it would only make her condition worse.  It
was quiet all around her.  Her hearing had become acute having had
her eyes blindfolded for so long.  Suddenly behind her, she heard
Mark's voice, he was talking to someone, but not to her.  She
shuddered at the thought of someone else seeing her in her current
predicament.    Mark and her enjoying each other in this way was
one thing, because it was private between them, but to have someone
else involved or even around made her suddenly feel embarrassed. 
When Mark moved towards her, she flushed with bright redness.  He
pulled her by the elbow and ordered her stand, once he had released
her bond ankles.  She rose and immediately hung her head, even
though she could not see the person in the room with Mark.  Mark
pulled her chin back up and removed the leather strap and dildo
from her mouth, after warning her not to speak. Then he removed the
blindfold from her eyes.  It took a few moments for her eyes to
adjust to the light in the room.  When they finally did adjust, she
saw before her another woman.  She was surprised when she saw a
tall, large framed woman standing there in the middle of the room. 
This woman looked stern and quite muscular.  Diane could not
understand what was in store for her now.  She was not very excited
by this new turn of events, but said nothing.  Her face still
flushed with embarrassment.  Mark walked to the woman and
instructed Diane, "This is your mistress Diane.  She will care for
you in almost all ways. She will bath you, feed you, prepare you
for me, and punish you if it is necessary."  Diane remained quiet.
She was not sure she liked this, but considering the position she
was in, with her hands bond tightly behind her, she did not believe
there was anything she could do about the situation.  She knew if
she objected to Mark, especially with this woman in the room, he
would be forced to punish her for her disobedience of speaking when
she had been warned not to speak.  She decided to keep her tongue
quiet and wait for a more appropriate time to speak with Mark. 
"You shall call her Mistress Nancy or just Mistress.  You shall
answer her always using her name, Mistress.  Do you understand?"
Diane shook her head up and down to indicate she did understand.
"You will obey your new Mistress or you will be teased beyond your
beliefs and not be permitted to cum.  Do you understand?" Diane
again shook her head up and down.  She was realized she was
excited, but she was also embarrassed. Here before her stood a
woman she did not know, yet was expected to call her Mistress and
respond to her orders and obey her. Plus suffer the humiliation of
having her bottom spanked by this total stranger if she did not
obey.   Mark walked out of the room, closing the door behind him. 
Diane now faced her mistress by herself.  Diane shifted her weight
from one foot to another.  Becoming nervous with the contemplation,
of what was to happen now. Her love box beginning to ooze moisture
with the exhilaration of the unknown activities that lay before
her.  Mistress Nancy said nothing, but walked to Diane and surveyed
her nude body. She reached for her elbow and turned her around. 
Diane could feel her looking at her hot, red buttocks.  Mistress
reached out and touched her buttocks firmly, Diane wrenched froward
from the pain she felt.  Mistress Nancy still said nothing.  She
moved back to the front of Diane and pushed her hand in between
Diane's leg. She probed her pussy with two fingers.  Diane now more
embarrassed than ever by the moistness of her hot, pussy. Mistress
Nancy found Diane's clit and began stimulating it with her fingers.
She ordered Diane to spread her legs, Diane did so without
argument.  Mistress Nancy continued to rub her clit, stimulating
Diane to the edge of an orgasm.  When she felt Diane reaching the
point of explosion she stopped and withdrew her fingers.  She
pressed her wet, dripping fingers to Diane's mouth and ordered her
to suck on them.  Diane did not open her mouth.  "This will not do
at all young lady."  Diane felt herself twitch from the
restlessness of her pussy, now growing hotter and hotter.  Mistress
Nancy walked over to her, took her hand and turned around leading
her to the cupboard.  Diane shuffled behind her as a child would
do, dragging her feet a bit, knowing she was going to be punished
for her wrong behavior.   Mistress Nancy reached into the cupboard
and pulled out a wooden paddle. The paddle was thin, about five
inches wide and had small holes drilled through it spaced about a
half inch apart.  The holes drilled in the paddle, Diane would
later learn, were placed there to remove the cushion of air between
her buttocks and the paddle. The air cushion eliminates the sting
of the paddle. Mistress Nancy walked to a chair on the other side
of the room.  She sat down and looked back at Diane seated in the
middle of the room.  "Come here child."  Diane obeyed.  She could
feel the excitement mounting in her clit now, and she could feel
the moisture building and dripping onto her inner thighs as she
walked towards her mistress.  "Come here closer to me." Diane
stepped closer, with great apprehension, and yet a thrilling
sensation within her belly and expectant ass.  "All right Diane,
lay across my knees and receive your punishment."  Diane leaned
over her mistress's lap.  She was embarrassed, felt humiliated, and
yet she could feel the warmth of her juices flowing from her pussy. 
"If you scream, the spanking will be longer and harder," Mistress
Nancy said.  Diane's buttocks were still somewhat red from the
morning spanking session and there were some minor bruises on them.
Mistress Nancy softly, with open hand, rubbed Diane's bottom,
making the nerves come alive and excited. "I will be extremely
harsh with you if you should wiggle about or move, so I suggest you
lay perfectly still across my knees."  Diane knew this tone, it
sounded like her mother when she used to get spanked. She knew
better than to move.  The spanking began.  Mistress Nancy did not
hit her hard with the paddle, she only made her buttocks sting
slightly.  Diane thought, hey, this is easy, I can do this without
a problem.  She could hear her Mistress counting under her breathe,
11, 12, 13, 14, and Diane felt her bottom warming up as her
Mistress got closer to 15.  At smack 15 the blows became a little
harder, increasing slowly, about every four or five slaps of the
paddle, so by the time her Mistress reached the count of 25 the
slaps were harsh and hurting.  Diane's excitement was increasing.
Then Mistress Nancy said, "You have been a bad, bad little girl. 
I will not tolerate that, nor will your Master." This excited Diane
even more.  She felt her pussy aching for a male organ to enter it
and satisfy her.  But she knew this was not to happen.  The
spanking continued until her Mistress reached thirty with the
paddle.  Mistress Nancy reached down to Diane's tender ass, slowly
she let her fingers drift over the soreness of it, making Diane all
but cum when she placed her fingers in between her crack and pushed
on her anus.  The thrill filled Diane's body.  She had tears in her
eyes from the stinging slaps of the paddle and yet felt the
overpowering excitement of sexual fulfillment. Diane then was told
to stand.  She did so.  Mistress Nancy once again pushed her
fingers into Diane's hot, dripping pussy, pulling her fingers in
and out.  She then pulled her fingers up to Diane's mouth and told
Diane again to suck her fingers.  Diane spread her lips quickly
this time and took her Mistress's fingers into her mouth.  She
sucked on them for only a few minutes then her Mistress withdrew
them.  Mistress Nancy stood back and looked at Diane.  "Now bend
over and Diane."  Diane did as she was told, fearing another series
of sharp slaps on her already painful, almost raw bottom. Instead
she felt her mistress grab her by the hips with one hand, then she
felt her other hand probe her asshole.  Then she felt a thick butt
plug about three inches long and two inches in diameter being
inserted into her ass with some forcefulness.  She squealed when it
was pushed into her without lubrication.  Mistress demanded Diane
to stand.  Diane did so immediately. "Now child, come to me.  We
will bathe you before your master comes back."  Diane walked slowly
towards her mistress, Mistress Nancy reached out and pulled Diane
by the elbow, commanding her to walk faster.  As Diane walked, the
pain of her buttocks came back as a reminder of the result of
disobedience.  The butt plug still pushed inside her anus hurt when
she walked, and the faster she moved the more it hurt.  Mistress
pulled her along quickly, noticing her discomfort and pain, she
pulled her faster, taking pleasure in Diane's situation.  They
moved out of the room into the bedroom, then across it to the bath. 
Mistress Nancy then took Diane and forced her to bend over, and
without saying a word, pulled the dildo from her butt hole.  She
then stood her up, undid the her leather halter and let it drop to
the floor.  Diane's tender nipples were hard and firm.   Mistress
Nancy dropped her hand down to the hard titties and pressed on each
nipple.  Diane became excited all over again. Mistress Nancy then
told Diane to lay down on the floor of the bathroom.  Diane did as
she was told.  her mistress then told her to lay back with her legs
spread wide apart.  Diane did so, and as she did her mistress got
down on her hands and knees and with her fingers probed Diane's
cunt.  She was still very wet from her earlier pleasures.  Mistress
Nancy pushed her fingers in and out of Diane's warm pussy, then
suddenly withdrew them and with a quick motion, slapped her pussy
area with her open hand. Diane responded by putting her hands
between her legs, "Move your hands or I shall be forced to blister
your bottom."  Diane, with hesitation did as she was ordered.  Her
Mistress slapped her pussy again, causing it to burn and tingle at
the same time. She slapped it several times, until it became red
from her hand, then pushed her fingers deep within her cunt and
Diane arched her hips upwards and started to cum with an exploding
orgasm.  Her mistress quickly removed her fingers, leaving Diane in
the worst possible way, begging, silently for her to enter her
again with her fingers.  Instead, her mistress slid down on the
floor and buried her head into Diane's crotch.  Her tongue flicking
at the lips of her vagina.  The speed of her tongue increased and
Diane felt herself heaving with desire again.  Mistress Nancy then,
with her tongue moving quickly, reached up and slapped Diane's
pussy triangle with several sharp, fast smacks, then thrust her
tongue deep into her, causing her to explode all over her
mistress's face.  Mistress Nancy then lifted her head and reached
for Diane's hips. Without even realizing what was happening, Diane
found herself face down on the floor and her mistress's tongue now
on her bare bottom.  She eased her tongue down her crack, teasing
her, exciting her all over again.  Her mistress then reached to
Diane's clit again and began rubbing it quickly, as her tongue
probed Diane's anus.  She then removed her tongue, and with one
hand in Diane's cunt, she moved her finger to her sore anus and
pushed two of them in as deeply as she could. She began a slow,
rhythmic movement, then speeded her movement up until Diane came
once again, screaming her moaning pleasure at the time of release. 
Her mistress stood up and ordered Diane into the bath tub, and
after washing her own face off, she began to slowly wash Diane,
lingering her fingers over her clit and moving the wash cloth
slowly back and forth, causing her some excitement again.  Once she
had finished bathing her, she dried her off sensuously touching her
body.   Diane's mistress ordered Diane to sit on the toilet and
relieve herself.  Diane was very embarrassed by this, but obeyed.
She then told her to go into the bedroom and take a nap.  Diane
said, "Yes mistress," and walked out of the bath and laid down for
a nap.  Sleep found her quickly, as she was exhausted from the
mornings activities.  Diane woke, seeing it was dark outside.   She
got up and went to the bathroom then returned to the bed.  She lay
there on her side just dozing lightly, when Mark walked into the
room and sat beside her on the bed.  He gently touched her back,
then moved his hand down to her buttocks, rubbing them firmly, but
with tenderness.  She opened her eyes and looked up at him.  She
felt excitement rise within her.  He leaned over and kissed her
tenderly.  He then whispered in her ear, "I think we will forgo
further training tonight my sweet."  Diane was slightly
disappointed, but not greatly, for as Mark continued to kiss her he
also continued to rub her bottom and the soreness of it was
extremely high.  She was relieved to a point.  Mark's fingers
continued to rub her bottom.  She tingled, for his touch reminded
her of the pain and pleasure she had felt earlier.  He slowly,
methodically rubbed her bare bottom, over and over again. He then
stood and removed his clothes and return to the side of the bed. 
He turned Diane over on her back, she wrenched when her bottom
touched the bed, Mark did not react.  He placed his fingers on her
breasts and slowly teased her nipples.  He then rose and walked to
a big easy chair across the room and told Diane to come sit on his
lap.  She rose and went to him.  He pulled her down slowly on his
nude lap.  He again started playing with her nipples, they reacted,
becoming firm and protruding. She could feel his penis getting hard
beneath her bare buttocks. His fingers moved down the front of her
nude body and when they reached her triangle he let them teasingly
linger there.  He placed his left arm across her back and pulled
her legs out straight over the right arm of the chair.  His left
arm supporting her back reached around her slim frame and played
gently with her left breast, touching it ever so lightly and
occasionally pinching it gently.  His right hand moved to the top
of her slit and began to rub slowly.  He moved his fingers almost
in slow motion and Diane felt herself becoming excited and moist.
He continued this action for about four minutes, then slowly
increased the speed of his fingers.  She was getting very excited
now and with his cock getting harder beneath her sore buttocks she
was reacting even more.  When her juices dripped onto his lap he
told her to go to the bed and kneel down on her knees with her face
and upper body laying flat on the bed.  She did so, with the
excitement building and now she began is anticipate his hand across
her bottom once again.  He instead moved to the bed and went behind
her and entered her anus.  He thrust himself into her hard and then
slowly pulled back so his cock was still in her but only the rigged
lip of it.  He then thrust himself back into her with force and
speed.  Each time he did this his hip area slapped against her very
tender, pink ass, giving her a thrilling pleasure to her body.  He
continued to do this speeding up his motion a bit each time, first
in then out.  His fingers made their way to her cunt and he teased
and lightly pinched the lips of her fold.  When he felt she was
about to cum he withdrew his shaft and told her to turn over and
keep her legs spread apart. She did as he asked and he then mounted
her from the front. He pushed his hips forward entering her with
some force, then removed his cock, and began the process over
again.  His hands reached under her buttocks and his fingers moved
over the soreness of her bottom until they reached her anus.  He
pulled her buttocks apart and then slowly, with the same rhythm of
his cock, pushed a finger into her ass.  Pushing in and out.  He
then quickly increased his speed.  He removed his one free hand
from her bottom and placed it on the right tit and began to circle
the nipple slowly, then pinching it ever so lightly.  He then
stopped touching the nipple and increased his speed of entry to her
cunt with his swollen cock, and into her ass with his finger.  As
they both reached the point of climax, Diane moaned loudly and Mark
reached back to her nipple and pinched it quite hard, sending waves
of pleasure through her body and she climaxed again. He withdrew
his limp member from her and pulled back to lay beside her. They
lay there for nearly thirty minutes.  Then Mark kissed Diane
tenderly on the lips and asked, "Did you like the events of the
day?"  Diane whispered softly, "Yes, darling.  Though I must admit
I was not thrilled about a mistress, not at first anyway."  "Well
my sweet, I do not want your to be a total slave to me.  I do want
you to sense my needs and desires, as I wish to do with you.  I
knew you would love being bound and disciplined.  I could feel it
quietly laying beneath the surface of your desires."  Diane leaned
into him and pressed her lips hard to his, her tongue probing his
mouth.  She withdrew and said, "Darling, my desire is to please
you.  Lead me to your most erotic pleasures."  In the days that
followed Mark and Mistress Nancy taught Diane many new things of
pleasure for Mark and herself.  Soon after, Mistress Nancy was
thanked, paid for her services and left. Now, thirty years, and
three children later, whom they never raised a hand to, the ritual
of pleasure they both love still continues.  end

