                             Hot Brief Sex

       Tod Brady seemed to have everything.  Looks, brains, popularity.
YEt Tod was miserable.  He knew he was on the edge of losing his
friends and winding up an outcast.  For Tod had a deep dark secret:
he had an uncontrolable lust for guys' briefs, including his own.
He couldn't put on a pair without becoming aroused, and he couldn't
handle seeing another guy in a hot pair of briefs.  Phys Ed was torture.
One day, he was sure he'd give himself away.  His eyes invariably
glued themselves to the white cotton material stretched over the
bulge of male genitals.
        Tod masturbated at least twice a day to try and let off
steam.  He would jack off - in his briefs, of course - when he went
to bed, and jack off again when he got up the next morning.  But
sometimes, even four times a day wouldn't help.  Tod really felt
like a freak.
        One afternoon after school, Tod was in his room on the
bed reading a porn novel he'd hidden between the matresses.  It
was about guys having sex together, and Tod's underpants were
about to explode from his swollen cock and balls.  As he read about
guys eating other guy's loads, his hand started jacking off his
brief bulge.
        Suddenly the door opened and in walked Tod's best friend,
Billy Rutledge.  Billy stopped in his tracks as he saw Tod, flushed
with arousal, going at his cotton-covered cock.  TOd couldn't stop,
because everytime he thought of his friend Billy, he thought of Billy
in his snow-white Jockey Life Briefs.  Billy and Tod spent nights
at each other's house, and Billy always slept in his briefs.
        In Tod's already aroused state, to see a major object of
his jockey lust pushed him over the edge.
        "Ugggggh, B-billy, I'm, don't look!"
        But Billy did look, openly watching his pal shoot a huge
load in his shorts.
        By the time Tod's orgasm was spent, Billy was sporting a
huge hardon underneath his tight cut-offs.
        "Sorry, Tod, I didn't realize . . . "
        "That's all right," Tod said moodily. "Couldn't help myself."
        "Do you always jack off like that?  I mean in your briefs?"
        Tod mumbled something irrelevant.  But Billy forged on. "Well,
I do!  In fact, that's the only way I cum."
        Tod looked at his friend.  For a second, he forgot about
the queer porn in his hand.  Billy reached over and grabbed it.
        Tod was frozen in terror.  He was about to be found out as
a homosexual.
        "Hey, this is about guys having sex with each other.  Is
that what you were beating off to?"
        Tod stammered, "Well, I . . . er . . . " Tod desperately
sought an  alibi, but could find none.  He was at Billy's mercy.
        "I'll be back in a flash."  Billy was out the door.  In just
a few minutes he was back, carrying a paper bag.
        "This is what I jack off to."  Billy spilled the contents
onto Tod's bed right in front of him.  It was a bag full of porn
magazines.  Not only that, but it was gay porn.  Tod's cock stirred
in his sperm-soaked shorts.
        "You mean, this is how you get off?"  Steve asked in amazement.
        Billy grinned.  "Well, now that I know about you, you can
know about me."
        TOd looked at the mags.  They were real hard core.  One cover
had a young guy with his mouth open as a big dick shot a stream of
jism right down his throat.  ANother had two guy's kissing as they
jacked each other off in their jockeyshorts.  Tod's dick lurched
when he saw the jockey shots.
        "Those are my favorites."  Billy stared right at Tod's crotch.
"And I know they're yours too."
        Tod froze.  "What do you mean?"
        "I know you're turned on to briefs.  I've known for a long
time, but didn't want to embarass you."
        "How do you know?"
        "Whenever we've spent the night together, you always feel
me
off in my briefs.  You think I'm asleep, but I'm not.  Also, I saw
you stealing Stve Kelly's jockeys from the locker room.  I followed
you and saw you shoot a load while you were eating them.  Also, you
can't
keep your eyes off anyone in tight whites.  Put it all together and
it spells Brief Freak."
        Tod was stunned.  Billy had known all this time.
        "There's another reason I didn't say anything.  It's no
accident I sleep in my briefs and jack off in them."
        "You mean . . . "  Tod's face lit up.
        "you got it,"  Billy was grinning from ear to ear.
        Tod jumped up and locked the bedroom door.  He wnet over
to Billy, stood facing him, then plunged his hand down Billy's jeans.
Billy had on the usual hot little briefs that drove Tod up the wall.
        Billy closed his eyes and let Tod feel him off.  Then he
felt his jeans decending.  He looked down and there was Tod on his
knees, his face only inches from Billy's jockey bulge.  Billy lifted
Tod up and pushed him onto the bed and jumped beside him.
        They lay on their sides, their hands between each others
legs, kneading their brief bulges.
        "Yeah, Tod, I love guys in briefs.  I love to wear them.
See how I turn on?"  Billy's cock was rock hard.  Tod was running
his fingers up and down Billy's cok, then tickling his balls through
his jockey pouch.  Tod knew what he wanted to do.  He did it in every
wret dream he had.
        "I want to eat your shorts!"
        "Let's sixty-nine," Billy said.
        Soon, the boys were reversed on the bed, their heads between
each other's legs, their faces buried in underpants bulges.  Both
were mouthing each other like they were starving.  Tod was trying
to get Billy jockey pouch into his mouth.  He wanted to have another
guy's balls - both of them - in his mouth.
        Billy's lips were running up and down Tod's cotton-wrapped
shaft.  Jacking his friend off with his mouth.  He was hungry for
man juice and wanted to make Tod shoot his load into his mouth.
        Tod wanted Billy's load too.  His lips locked over the straining
shape of Billy's cockhead while his hand jacked off Billy's cock
and tickled his balls.
        With years of pent-up passion, Billy and Tod weren't interested
in the romantic aspectsof their new knowledge.  All they knew was
that they wanted to eat each other through their steamy sexbriefs
and drink their loads through them.
        "mmmmph, mmmmph!"  Tod's hips began to buck against Billy's
face.  Billy could feel Tod's cock swell under his lips.  Suddenly,
sperm was erupting from Tod's penis.  Quickly, Billy moved his head
and clamped his mouth over Tod's twitching cockhead.  Each spurt
blasted through the thin cotton barrier and landed on Billy's tongue.
        The taste of Tod's cum in his mouth caused Billy to immediately
blow his wad right straight into Tod's mouth.  His wet dreams always
climaxed with someone, usually Tod, shooting into Billy's mouth.
 But this time it was real, and Bily went wild.
        "Arrrgh," Billy cried.  As his orgasm shook his body, his
mouth greedily sucked every drop of spunk out of Tod's underpants.
        Tod, for his part, seemd to have one more spurt left for
each of Billy's blasts.
        What made it so intense for both boys was their lust for
briefs.  They got off on the way briefs accumulated boyjuice as
they were worn, so that one wiff of a jockeypouch was an intense
hit - an aphrodesiac.
        Finally, their orgasms subsided and both boys rested their
heads on each other's thighs, their mouths gently nibbling at their
sperm-soaked jockey pouches.
        "Whew!" exclaimed Tod.  "That was a blast!"
        Billy giggled at the pun.  "Yeah, I think I'm done for at
least five minutes."  To back him up, Billy's cock began to stir
in his shorts.  Tod remembered that he was one load ahead of Billy.
        "i'm all yours, Kid," Tod said to Billy.  "I can never get
enough of your cum."
        Billy straddled Tod, rubbing his brief bulge in Tod's face.
Soon Tod was devouring Billy's jism.  He managed not to cum again,
though his cock was rock hard from eating Billy's load.
        As they lay side by side, fondling each other's baskets,
they thought of the endless possibilities that lay before them.
And just the thought of that caused their cocks to stir in their
briefs one more time.
