Bringing Up Baby


I suppose I should tell you that I am not like most people. It's not
that I look any different than your ordinary teenaged female, or that I 
make statements with my hair, or that I've been arrested. The one fact
that moves me far from the madding crowd is that I fuck animals.
I first discovered the joy of bestiality when I was ten or eleven. I
was a shy, quiet girl living in Shaker Heights, Ohio, where my father was
an accountant for a Big Six firm. My mother worked as a receptionist for
the local cable company. I had a small pet snake called 'Coily' and who
would sometimes escape and hide under the dresser. One night I was laying 
on my bed when I got an idea. I suppose at the time that I wasn't thinking
too much, just doing what came naturally. I went into my bathroom (one of
the benefits from being an only child) and got the jar of Vaseline.
I kissed Coily and I rubbed the jelly over the lower half of his body. I
then took off my sweatpants and squatted. He was placid but when I finally
broke off the tip of his tail trying to insert him into my ass, he started to
really move and coil-up. But I was more than a little determined. After a
few minutes of the most intense pleasure, I was able to insert about five in-
ches inside me. Coily was probably pissed at me for having broken his tail and
he was most likely bleeding but I didn't care. I used one hand to keep him in-
side my ass and the other to force his head into my vagina. I was so proud of 
myself for having discovered what I was certain was the World's First Living
Double Headed Dildo! But more importantly I had discovered what Dorothy found
to be true in the Wizard of Oz (my favorite movie): that when looking for
your heart's desire, you needn't look any farther than your own backyard. Or
in my case, your room...


I eventually talked my dad into getting a small golden retriever that I 
named Joe. Joe was a very happy, hyperkinetic dog but that was all going to
change. One night when my parents were out at one of dad's company dinners,
I attempted what would become a lifelong occupation. I got a jar of Skippy
peanut butter from the kitchen cabinet and called Joe into my room. Then I 
locked the door and took off my clothes. Joe was sitting on the floor only
a few feet from me but it was obvious what he wanted. So I spread open my
legs and wiped the peanut butter (thank goodness Mom doesn't buy Crunchy) 
on my already wet vagina. Then I settled back into the corner of the room
and made small whimpering sounds as if I were in pain. He tilted his head
in that adorable way dogs do and walked toward me VERY cautiously. When he
was close enough I placed both hands on his head and guided it gently toward
his (and my) reward. 

Absolutely unbelievable...

I've had some incredible experiences in my life, but nothing, and I mean
nothing, compared to this. Joe was at once gentle and determined. He
must have been aware that he was pleasing me because even after the peanut 
butter was gone he continued licking in those exotic circular motions that 
only the most experienced of my father's friends knew how to do. By the time
he finished I'd had THREE thunderous, life-affirming orgasms; those "whole
being" orgasms they talk about in Tantric Sex books.

Now it was Joe's turn.

I climbed onto the bed, got on my knees and buried my head and shoulders in 
the mattress forcing my rump in the air. I knew the smell of my sex coupled 
with the sight of me in this position would be familiar to Joe. One massive
leap later and he was on the bed pumping his bright redness into me. Dogs
aren't generally known to be considerate lovers (among those in the know)
but Joe was trying his hardest to wait for my whelp of ecstasy. When it
finally came (and I don't use the term lightly) it was mammoth. I'm 
trying not to be trite but I don't want to minimize the experience either:
I became one with God. It was truly as if God, himself were thrusting
the universe's collective penis into me. There was light everywhere...

Revelling in my own selfish ecstasy I had neglected to notice Joe sitting
in the corner, whimpering, with the two most swollen balls I'd ever seen.
I don't believe in cruelty to animals so I crawled over to him (not being 
able to walk) and laid him on his back. His legs parted naturally and his
quivering red thing found its way into my mouth.

Here is one area where humans have it over dogs. I formed a tight seal around
it and sucked gently in and out until a load of sticky paste gushed past my
tonsils.

One interesting side note: dogs make the EXACT same noise as men when they
come. Sort of a low, gutteral growling noise which suggests pain though you
know the opposite to be true. Trust me, I'm twenty now and I've been with
enough members of both species to know.

Also, thanks to the miracle of computer networking, I have found a group of
people who love animals as much as I do. There are so many different people:
students, housewifes, professionals, a journalist for the Plain Dealer.
Tonight we are supposed to sic a goat on several of the women members.

I can hardly wait.

