Archive-name: Family/brittny4.txt
Archive-author: Steve Jensen
Archive-title: Brittany IV


Brittany and the Coach

Brittany leaned back on the bench as she enjoyed her lunch break at
Roosevelt Jr. High.  The spring breeze carried the scent of flowers
and made her want to daydream.  It was about six weeks after her
first encounter with her brother and Brittany sat back to reflect
on her sexual experiences.  To date, she had enjoyed Rob and Scotty
the most.  Jeromy and his older brother were fine, but they were
more spontaneous and lustful than Rob and Scotty.  Besides, fucking
Jeromy or his brother was normal -- they were both older and not
related to her.  But Scotty was two years younger than her and Rob
was her brother.  That excited her.

Thirteen years old and in the last month and a half she had
serviced four different guys.  Some of them two at a time.  Once
with another girl.  She tried counting the number of times she had
been fucked  by her own brother and lost count after 15.  She was
sure that she had had more sexual adventures that a lot of adult
women.  But there had to be more.

Suddenly, as her eyes opened in a reflex move, she saw a man walk
by.  It was Coach Marlin -- the boy's physical education
instructor.  He was wearing his usual gym shorts and white t-shirt. 
It was the way that he always filled them out that caught
Brittany's eye.  She knew a lot about him because the girls were
always gossiping and commenting on what a hunk he was.  Besides the
obvious: a slim weightlifter's build, close cut brown hair, perfect
legs and a round provocative ass, etc. etc.,  he was 32 years old
and single.

"Wow.  Wonder what it would be like to get him in the sack," she
wondered.  He was a teacher.  No way he would mess around with a
student.  Or would he.  Hmmmmm.  That would be as good as getting
it on with her brother -- doing a teacher!  But Brittany was
startled when she once again popped up from her daydream and saw
the coach looking directly at her.  He looked into her eyes as if
he was reading her mind.  He must have sensed her embarrassment
because he smiled a large, friendly smile and said, "Hi!" before
moving on.

For two weeks after that Brittany did nothing but think about how
she could get the coach to fuck her.  She got his phone number from
the office files where she was an assistant.  She studied every
item on his schedule.  She put herself in the right areas at the
right times so that he would see her several times every day. 
Nothing obvious -- just coincidence.


Daryl Marlin couldn't shake the image of the student that he kept
thinking about.  Lately, he had seen her several times a day at
school.  But what was bad, is that he thought about her away from
school, too.  And last night was the worst -- after watching an X-
rated video, he thought about the girl as he jacked off.

In ten years of teaching, Daryl had never even thought of touching
a student.  Oh, there had been opportunities.  He was used to the
usual teenage passes from the promiscuous girls on campus -- the
ones that always had on too much mascara and dressed like little
whores.  But this girl was different.  He had looked up Brittany
Kramer's file in the computer and found that she was a top student
-- honor roll, participator, etc. etc.  She dressed like a top
student too -- usually a pleated skirt and perfectly ironed and
starched blouse.  But that look he kept seeing from her said more
than would meet the eye.  The look was like the one he was used to
getting from the little whores -- but she had no makeup.

Coach Marlin was on his way to his office with an arm full of
papers.  Grade time again.  He would take off the next three
periods and finish up the tedious work in the privacy of his
office.  He had an assistant coach taking care of his P.E. classes. 
As he rounded the corner, there she was!  Brittany Kramer!  Damn! 
He felt a tingle of excitement and a tinge of fear.  If he so much
as thought about touching this student, he would never teach again. 
He would be lucky if he didn't end up in jail!  But if he didn't
put an end to this cat and mouse fantasizing, it would drive him
crazy.  Was this coincidence or was this girl flirting with him in
a big way?

Brittany sat on the cement bench across from the door to his office
dressed in her gym uniform -- white blouse, blue shorts and
sneakers.  Her last name was neatly stenciled across the top of the
pocket of her blouse.  Yeah!  That would give him the opportunity
to call her by name without letting her on to the fact that he had
been snooping to find out who she was.

"Good morning, Miss Kramer," he said as she looked directly at him. 
She was holding one of the tan inter-office envelopes that was
probably for him.  As he turned the key in his office door, he
asked her "Aren't you supposed to be in gym class?"

"No, they're playing vollyball and I had a sprained wrist
yesterday.  So I got office messenger instead.  This is the only
thing they had to deliver this period," she said, handing him the
envelope.  The door was already open and his hands were full,
papers in one hand, keys in the other.  She felt kind of stupid
handing him an envelope with his hands obviously full.  She
withdrew the package as he entered the office and begin to place
the objects on his desk.

"Come on in, Miss Kramer," he told her.  A chill of fear and
excitement traveled his spine as he did it.  It was not a good idea
to have female students in his office alone because he was a boy's
coach and there was no justification for it.  He would be in a poor
position if there were an accusation of any kind -- true or not. 
But also there was a window in his office that looked out into the
boys locker room.  It was one way glass, mirrored on the other
side. The mini blinds were tightly shut on his side, but when they
were open, there was a clear view of almost the entire locker bay
and the whole shower drying area.

Brittany came in and, this time, waited until he had put the
objects down before once again handing him the envelope.  She
waited as he glanced over the papers inside and then put them in
the stack with the others on his desk.  "Anything going back to the
office, Mr. Marlin?" she asked.

"No," he said, looking back at her, this time sizing her upside and
down.  "Am I to understand that you don't have anything else to
deliver for the rest of the period?" he asked.

"No.  Guess I'll just go to study hall," she responded.

"If they are not expecting you back at the office, I could use a
hand with some of this paperwork," he told her.

"They don't expect me back.  And I have study hall next period and
lunch after that. I don't have another class until 1:15 this
afternoon," she told him.  "What would you like me to do?"

"Well," he explained, trying to keep the excited tension in his
voice from showing, "I'm not supposed to do this because these
records are confidential -- grades and stuff -- but all of this
stack needs to be filed in the student files in that cabinet.  They
are alphabetical by last name.  Can you keep a secret?" he asked
her.

"Sure.  My lips are sealed.  Our secret," she said with another one
of her sexy smiles.  She immediately started the filing.  

The coach had a difficult time not watching her and paying
attention to his own paper work.  Twice she caught him looking and
each time just smiled back at him.  It only took her 15 minutes to
finish what would have taken him the whole hour.  "All done," she
announced cheerfully.  He looked up from his work to see her leaned
up against the file cabinet, one leg bent at the knee and her shoe
against the cabinet drawer.  She had both thumbs hooked in the
front of her gym shorts and was pulling on them slightly.  "Do you
have anything else for me?" she asked, almost trying to accent the
implied double meaning.

Before he could answer, the jubilant noise of the boy's gym class
returning from the field into the locker room replaced the silence.
The muffled banging of lockers and shouting young boy voices filled
the air.

"Yes, I do.  I can use all the help I can get, Miss Kramer, but you
have to be able to keep a secret.  I mean tell nobody, okay?" he
asked.

Brittany seemed a little confused at his second insistence for
secrecy but agreed.  "Sure, Mr. Marlin.  I won't tell anyone I was
even here."  Maybe this would be it.  If she wasn't there, well, he
could do what he wanted with her and no one would know.  Maybe he
was gonna try something.  She innocently tugged a little more on
her shorts and monitored his face for a reaction.  He looked
directly at her shorts but then got up and turned his back to her. 
Walking over to the mini blinds, he raised them completely to the
top.  Brittany looked out over the locker bays to see partially
clad boys getting ready for the showers.  Realizing what had
happened, she ducked behind a nearby file cabinet.  "They'll see
us!" She shrieked.

"Not at all, Brittany," he said.  She was even more shocked by his
casual use of her first name. "This is one way glass.  It looks
like a mirror on the other side.  I use it to supervise my class
and make sure too much horseplay doesn't break out in there. You're
not bothered by a little male nudity, are you?" he asked.

Brittany came out from behind the cabinet and glanced curiously at
the window.  Boys from her class were out there -- some of them now
naked!  "This is it," she thought.  "He's gonna let me look at the
boys and then try something."

Brittany was amazed at the sight in the window.  Boys in her class,
most of whom she knew, were stripping down right in front of her. 
And the coach was letting her watch.  She was sure now that this
was part of a plan to get her horny so that he could do it with
her.  Not only was her dream of fucking the coach going to come
true, she was getting to see the almost all the boys in her class
undress in front of her.

At first, Brittany played it cool and pretended not to look out the
window.  But that didn't last long as the coach caught her taking
several extended glances at various boys.  "It's okay to look, Miss
Kramer.  Consider it educational," he told her with a smile.

Brittany walked over to the window standing directly in front of
it.  "Are you sure they can't see?" she asked.

"Absolutely positive," he replied.

Brittany stared at Justin Bates, an eighth grader in her science
class.  One of the cutest boys in school, Justin was in the process
of peeling down his jockey shorts.   Brittany got a good view of
his round, hairless little butt and, when he turned around, a
close-up look at his cock hanging flaccid from a bush of blond
pubic hair.  Her pussy had that familiar tingle as she watched his
buns move as he headed for the shower.

"You like him, don't you?" asked the coach, now standing behind
her, also looking out the window.

"Yeah, I guess so.  I always wondered what he looked like without
those tight levis he always wears.  This is awesome, Mr. Marlin,"
Brittany said as she watched Todd Jefferson, a black kid in her
english class peel out of his gym suit.  She always wondered if
what they said about black guys being big was true, and it this
case she found out very soon that it was.  "Damn, look at the size
of that cock," she muttered.  Todd was always the class clown --
making everyone laugh at any opportunity.  He was good looking, she
thought as she admired the smooth, light brown skin covered his
slim body.  She wondered what it would be like to have him fuck
her, maybe even with her brother watching.

As she stared out the window, almost in a trance, she hardly
noticed when the coach had placed his hand over her ass.  The big
hand almost covered it.  He had managed to get his middle finger up
underneath her gym shorts and was working it beside the legband of
her panty.  Realizing what he was doing, she moved her legs
slightly apart to give him easy access.  His finger made a path up
and down her slippery slit.  When he found her cunt hole, his
finger entered.  He pushed it slowly inside her until it was buried
up to the last knuckle. He worked it around inside her as Brittany
squirmed in enjoyment.  "Have you done it with a boy yet,
Brittany?" he asked.

"Yeah."

"How old are you?"

"Thirteen."

"Have you done it with a grown man before?" his erection was
starting to throb.

"Yeah, a guy who was twenty three or something," she said,
recalling Jeremy's brother.

"Sounds like you like to fuck, young lady," he told her, his cock
now fully erect and pulsating beneath his gym shorts.

Brittany said nothing but responded by obscenely grinding her ass
into his hand and milking his finger with her cunt.  She continued
to watch as about thirty boys were in various stages of undress
outside the window.  Some of them were drying off from their shower
and others were still getting undressed.  Todd was directly in
front of the window, looking at himself in the mirror as he dried
off.  His cock hung a full eight inches and was at least an inch
and a half thick.  She wondered what it would be like hard.

"Pretending my finger is that big black dick up your twat, aren't
you, Miss Kramer," the coach asked as he gasped short breaths
between words.

A single "Yeah!" was her breathless reply as she fucked his finger
even harder.

Forgetting all about the jail term and loss of his teaching
credentials that had worried him earlier, he intensified their
excitement by saying, "Maybe I'll arrange it.  I would like to see
the two of you go at it."

Just the hint of fucking the handsome black boy made Brittany's
cunt tighten and then explode in an orgasm induced as much by the
thoughts in her mind and the sights before her as the finger that
had accomplished it's mission in her cunt.  "Ohhhhhhh yeaaaaah fuck
me.  Get Todd to fuck me.  I'll put a show on for you, Mr. Marlin,
I'll fuck him for you, I'll let him cum in my face, Oh, fuucckk!"
moaned Brittany, now consumed with orgasm.  Justin and Todd were
now playfully snapping towels at each other outside the window.
 
It took a minute for Brittany to catch her breath.  By then a new
group of boys was drying off outside the window.  Some of them were
seventh graders.  A couple were nearly hairless around their little
12 year old cocks.  That reminded her of the little 11-year old she
babysat and fucked.  The coach had removed his finger and was now
standing beside her.  She could see the bulge in his shorts and
made no secret of looking at it.  He responded to her interest by
dropping his shorts, underwear and all in one motion.  He lifted
his tee shirt over his hairy chest and then tossed it to the floor.

Brittany stared at his cock, by far the largest she had ever seen. 
She had doubts that it would fit inside her teenage cunt but knew
she would try no matter what.  She stepped up close in front of him
and reached down and grabbed his tool.  Her thumb and forefinger
circled it but didn't close around it as she slid them up and down
the entire length of his shaft.  As she cupped his massive balls
with his other hand, he made a short gasp in surprised reaction. 
He looked down at Brittany who looked up and smiled a sweet, sexy
smile.  

The coach unbuttoned her blouse one button at a time until it fell
open exposing her little tennis ball size tittles.  He took one in
his hand and kneaded it, pinching the nipple with his thumb and
finger.  Brittany responded with an intensified grip on his cock as
she stroked it.  As she looked over at the window, a couple of the
boys from the seventh grade class were now drying.  Their cocks
seemed tiny compared to the monstrous tool she was jerking off. 
She felt the cool air wisp up between her legs and suddenly
realized that the coach had pulled down her pants and was now
working on her panties.  She stepped back to allow him to slip them
down over her hips and then wriggled them to the floor where she
stepped out of them.  She shrugged off her blouse and now stood
naked before him except for her tennis shoes and knee high socks.

As Coach Marlin looked at the naked girl in front of him, he began
once again to think of her as a student.  He was getting ready, for
the first time, to violate the cardinal rule of teaching.  He knew
there was no stopping now and rationalized that, after all, she had
been the seductress.  But her small, 26 inch waste, her little
developing titties, all made her look so young.  Hell at thirteen,
she was young.  

Brittany turned to the window now to see Justin and Todd, both
fully clothed, comb their hair and adjust their clothing in front
of the mirror.  It was if they were looking straight at her, naked
and everything.  She was hoping in her mind that the coach was
serious about arranging for Todd to fuck her.  

As she stood facing the window, the coach positioned himself behind
her.  She put her hands on the window sill, leaning into it, her
face now only inches from the boys grooming on the other side of
the glass.  Behind them, more boys were drying off.  The coach used
one leg to move her feet apart and then gripped his stiff monster
cock with one hand, guiding it to the slippery hole that he had
fingered moments before.

Brittany felt the head of it as it completely covered her hole and
even expanded beyond the lips of her cunt.  It took several stabs,
but the prelubricated cunt made way for the massive cock.  After
the huge head had popped inside, the thick shaft followed more
easily. Soon Brittany was full as she had never been before.  Todd
turned to leave.  Another boy, a seventh-grade brother of one of
her friends, took his place and began drying with a towel.

That was all it took to make her cum again as the coach now
steadily drove his adult sized cock up her little girl sized cunt.
The increased fluid now made it easier for the cock to fulfil it's
mission and the coach dutifully fucked the little girl.  He looked
down in lust at her bare white ass which was now squashed up
against his hairy stomach.  Her legs had went numb when she started
to cum and the man was now holding her off the floor as he held
onto the window sill.  

"Fuck me good, screw me, oh I'm cumming again, please get Todd to
fuck me too!  Ohhhhhhhhh!  Ungh. Ungh." Brittany began a series of
obscene grunts as the coach repeatedly drove his cock deep into
her, impacting the back wall of her cunt with regular precision. 
He vulgar words and obscene grunts took their toll and he felt the
familiar rising of the orgasm in his balls.  It had been at least
two weeks since he had cum and he new there was plenty of sperm
built up in his balls.  he also came to his senses long enough to
to realize that it would be very easy to get this 13 year old
student pregnant if he uploaded it all inside of her.  It took all
the discipline that he had, but he did it.  

Brittany, still breathless from her most recent orgasm, panted,
"What's wrong, Mr. Marlin? 

"Nothing, dear.  Come here," he replied.  He picked the girl up
with both hands and set her on the desk.  Gently, he laid her down
on her back.  He placed one hand over her sloppy twat and sank a
finger deep inside her.  With the other, he stroked his cock in a
familiar method that he knew would cause him to erupt.  He looked
down a Brittany, her smooth, flat stomach adorned by her perfect
little navel; her little titties flat against her chest.  She
smiled as she reached up and gently caressed his balls while he
jacked of, just as she did for her brother on many occasions.

The orgasm caught the coach by surprise.  His first slippery wad
impacted her cunt and she immediately started rubbing it in.  The
next made a river across her stomach and yet another across her
tits.  Still holding his balls, Brittany gently guided him so that
the next several wads impacted her face, sticking in her hair,
across her eyes, and finally in her mouth.  She continued to knead
his balls as the gooey mess dripped down her face.  She looked up
at him and gave him a sexy smile through her sperm covered lips.

His cock, now empty was still half hard.  He pulled her around so
that her ass was off the desk and took her legs straight up with
one tennis shoe on each shoulder.  He literally stuffed his half
hard prick into her wet, slippery hole and began pumping.  As
Brittany licked her sperm covered lips, he chanted softly "Cum
again, you little slut.  Fuck me, you jizzy little teenaged whore." 
To his surprise, his own words and the sight of Brittany's pretty
little teenage face covered with his dripping semen caused him to
get completely hard again.  Brittany went into yet another orgasm
but this time used a trick that had seemed to work on her brother. 
She lubricated one finger and pushed it into the man's as.  As she
spasamed in orgasm, she forcefully massaged his prostrate.  The
coach unleashed another load of hot sperm in the only place on her
body he hadn't already covered -- inside her cunt.
The feeling of filling the child with his stuff again made the
coach forget the consequences and he continued to pound the little
girl mercilessly as she milked his cock with her pussy.  She pulled
her finger out of his ass as he continued to cum which even
intensified the sensation more.  Brittany continued to look up at
him, beaming her sexy smile as his cock, once again emptied, began
to go limp.  As he pulled it out of her, a wad of his semen gushed
out too.  It dripped down the crack of her tiny white ass and
formed a pool on the desk top. A plopping noise accompanied the
exit of the head of his cock from her cum soaked hole.

"Brittany," he said to her as he caught his breath, "you are by far
the very best fuck I have ever had in my entire life.  You're
Great!"

"You are good too, Mr. Marlin.  I would like to do this again."

"Me too, but we've really gotta be careful.  You understand why,
don't you?" he asked.

"Yes.  I do.  And I won't tell anyone.  I promise."

Reaching for a stack of towels on top of a book shelf in the
office, he tossed her one.  "Shower up, young lady," he told her.
Brittany looked quizzically at the window where the last of the
boys were getting dressed and back at him.  "You can shower with
the boys if you really want to, Miss Kramer, but I would suggest my
private shower over there," he said, pointing to a small door.

As she turned to go wash the sticky goo off of her body, he grabbed
her gently by the arm and looked her lovingly in the eye.  "I mean
it, you were great!"

--
