Archive-name: Family/brittny1.txt
Archive-author: Steve Jensen
Archive-title: Brittany I

This is a fantasy about kids having sex.  If this offends you,
delete the file and read no further.  


Fifteen-year-old Rob Kramer was worried sick about becoming a
Sixteen-year-old virgin.  He wasn't a bad looking guy.  Just an
ordinary kid.  Brown Hair.  Brown eyes.  Average build.  Not tall
enough to be a basketball legend and not wide enough to be a
fullback.  He rarely got less than a C or more that a B.  Rob
thought of himself as Mr. Average.  He had a few brief
encounters with girls but sexually had never gotten past the
feeling-up stage.

Lately, Rob was having a hard time understanding the mixed feelings
he was having lately about his 13 year old sister.  Even though he
was only two years older, he had always been protective of her.  
Sure, they argued and fought as typical kids always did, but he
still always made sure that she caught the school bus, had her
lunch and the other things that a protective brother would do.  And
he knew that she looked up to him as a "big brother" even though
she did sometimes act bratty.

Brittany was always "Little Miss Perfect".  Straight A's in school.
Room always immaculate.  Her clothes always matched.  Her chestnut
brown hair was always precision cut with perfectly straight bangs
in front and straight across her back.  She had big brown eyes that
could radiate whatever expression she was feeling.  They had a
habit of making people want to do Brittany's bidding.

Until now, he had always thought of her as a little kid.  She had
been in elementary school.  She never paid attention to boys.  Her
body had not yet started the adolescent development...  until now.

The first thing he noticed was the subtle way she started appearing
in a training bra.  Second thing was that she had started flirting
with his friends.  Third thing was that she had made out with
Jeremy, one of the guys he knew from school.  They wasn't sure if
they actually did it, but he had overheard Jeremy say that he felt
her up while they frenched.  Ever since he heard that he thought of
his little sister frenching some guy with his hand in her pants and
things were not the same.

Jeremy was one of the most popular kids at school with the girls. 
He was always going out with the cheerleader types and Rob was not
sure why he would waste his time with Brittany because she was
still in Junior High.  Unless Brittany was a real easy lay.
Shit, if she wasn't his sister, he would fuck her.  The night
before he had jacked off thinking about Brittany and Jeremy.  

In the locker room after P.E., Rob made a special effort to be in
the shower at the same time as Jeremy.  For some reason, if there
was the slightest chance that his cock been inside his sister - or
if she had even had her hand on it - he wanted to get a good look
at it.  At least when he jacked off, he would have some detail
about what Jeremy looked like when he imagined him fucking his
sister.  Rob had never had any real interest in guys but he was
just interested in seeing what his sister may have seen, or even
touched, and what it would have looked like.

Jeremy was blonde and very fair skinned.  He had piercing blue eyes
that were part of what made the girls go crazy over him.  Rob
watched as he soaped himself down.  Fortunately, Jeremy had his
eyes closed in the shower and this gave Rob the opportunity to
really stare at his cock.  It was about the same size as his but
thicker and uncut.  It hung majestically from the crown of close
blonde pubic hair that very lightly adorned the boy's groin.  When
Jeremy turned, rob saw a smooth, perfectly rounded, hairless butt. 
He pictured in his mind that ass pumping as the cock slid in and
out of his sister.  He was starting to get a hard on and realized
that he had better stop before he became the joke of the locker
room.

He wanted so bad to find out from Jeremy exactly what they did but
he was afraid to ask one of the guys that Jeremy had been talking
to because someone may think that he was getting the hots for his
own sister.  It was just the thought that his little 7th grade
sister may have lost her virginity before he lost his that made him
want to know for sure.  He knew his thoughts about his sister were
wrong and that he should stop thinking about her when he jacked
off.

But something that had happened two years ago when Brittany was 11
and he was 13 had made his sister one of his favorite imaginary
images when he jacked off.  Rob remembered sitting in the same
chair that he was in now, watching TV., two years earlier...

As Rob sat in the chair, the thought of jacking off made him want
to go to bed.  His mom sat watching Johnny Carson and drinking her
third glass of wine and he knew she would be asleep soon... usually
right there on the couch.  "Night, Mom," he said, getting up to go
upstairs.

"Goodnight, Robbie," his mom said and then added, "make sure
Brittany's light is out on your way upstairs."

Rob didn't remember the light until he had tossed his levis over
the chair and started to climb in bed, anxious to start stroking
his cock.  He knew that if his mom noticed the light she would come
upstairs to turn it off and he didn't want to risk her looking in
on him and maybe catching him beating off.  He started to grab his
levis but then shrugged and proceeded without them.  It would just
take a second and it was just across the hall.  Dressed only in his
jockey shorts, he crossed the hall to his sister's room as he had
done several times.  She left the light on a lot, especially if she
thought there was a chance of a night time storm.

He entered her room and as by familiar feel turned off her light. 
He was surprised that the room did not darken and noticed that she
had left the closet light on as well.  "Damn," he uttered under his
breath as he crossed the room to turn it out.  On his way to the
closet he stepped on a pair of his sister's panties.  When he
looked down and saw them, he looked next over to his sister.  She
slept in an oversized tee shirt and was on top of the covers, on
her stomach, her face buried in her pillow.  The thoughts that
quickly ran through Rob's mind frightened him but the fear of
getting caught was quickly overcome by the excitement of getting
away with it.  If Brit had nothing on under that shirt and he could
lift it up without her waking, he could have a great view of his
sister's butt.  Wow.  That would make his upcoming masturbation
session worth the wait.

He picked up the panties in his hand and closed and locked her door
on his way to the bed.  The dim closet light was perfect and just
enough light for him to see his sister clearly.  He knew if she
woke up that there would be hell to pay, so he would have to be
careful.  He quietly over to his sister's bed and stood beside it
for a few minutes watching her sleep.  Her breathing was deep and
steady and he was sure she was asleep.  Brittany always had been a
pretty sound sleeper and hard to get up for school in the morning.

Robs heart raced so loud that he could hear it as he reached down
and gently lifted the bottom of his sister's shirt into the air. 
There it was.  With the glow of the closet light bouncing off of
it, the girls round, smooth but looked like a beautiful sculpture. 
Rob was having trouble breathing quietly because he was so excited
and his heart was pounding wildly.  His cock reached full stiffness
almost immediately.  After a few minutes of staring at his sister's
cute petite little ass and imagining Jeremy doing the same, it was
too much for him to bear.  He took his free hand and started
massaging his cock through his jockey shorts.

Slowly, he put Brittany's shirt up with the bottom of it just above
her waste.  Now with both hands free, he held the front of his
shorts down with one hand while he stroked his cock with the other. 
This was the best jackoff he had ever had, with a girl's bare ass
just a couple of feet from his erect cock.  Never taking his eyes
off his sister's bare ass,  Rob went into a full stroke
masturbation, forgetting the short, slow, quiet strokes he had
started with.  Suddenly, Brittany moved!  Rob panicked and was in
front of her door in a split second.  He would have been out the
door but he forgot he had locked it and was fumbling with the lock
in his panic.  It took him a minute to get back control of his
shaking hands, and in the interim he looked back at the bed. 
Brittany had turned completely over!  She was still asleep, but
this time she was on her back.  It only took him a minute to
realize that he could have the same view of her pussy that he had
of her butt.  In the time that it took him to get over to the bed,
his panic had subsided.

Again, Rob lifted Brittany's pajama-tee shirt and gasped quietly at
the sight of her tender, hairless mound.  Rob lay the shirt down
just above her navel and again started his jerking off, watching
his sister's bare pussy while he did it.  He was once again into a
steady rhythm when Brittany moved again.  This time he didn't panic
and his only reaction was to allow his undershorts to snap back up
over his swollen cock while he watched carefully to make sure that
she wasn't going to wake up.  He had not clue what he would do if
she did, but he was cautious, nevertheless.

This time Brittany's move allowed both legs, which had been raised
slightly and bent at the knees, to flat in opposite directions. 
The result gave Rob a clear view of her slit, little hole and all. 
What if Jeremy had been in that hole.  Maybe with his finger, or
even his dick!  Throwing caution to the wind, Rob pulled his shorts
down below his hips and stroked his stiff cock as he massaged his
balls and he scrutinized his sister's open pussy below him.  He
didn't realize until it was too late to do anything about it that
his cock was erupting, spewing wads of cum all over the bed and his
sister below him.  By the time he returned to reality from the
fantasy world of his orgasm, a ribbon of pearl glistened,
reflecting the closed light, as it crossed his sister's bare, flat
stomach.  Another wad had impacted the inside of her thigh and
flowed down her leg until it soaked into the bedspread.  Yet
another had made it's way to the top of her mound where it impacted
just below her soft patch of hair and cascaded down her crack,
crossing her open hole and dripping the rest of the way down the
crack of her ass making a pool where her butt met the bedspread.

It took Rob a few minutes to get his senses and even longer to
catch his breath.  Thinking rationally now, he decided not to try
to clean up his sister for fear of waking her.  He did lift her
shirt, and, after one long last look, covered her nakedness.  "The
shirt would soak up the semen," he thought, "she wouldn't even
notice it in the morning.  Quietly, he exited her room after
turning the light off and when back to his room where he beat off
once more before falling asleep.

Rob felt guilty the next day about what he had done.  He had to
keep convincing himself that Brittany really was asleep and not
faking it when he did what he did.  If she was awake, well, she was
as much to blame as he was.  But what if he had just scared her and
today she would wake up and tell their mom?  It seemed like an
eternity before she finally bounced down the stairs in her usual
cheery mood.  After she had said good morning to their mom and him,
he knew it was okay.  He also noticed that beneath her robe she
still had on the same tee shirt.  In the two years since Brittany
had never mentioned the incident.  But it wasn't because she didn't
know that it happened.

When Rob had entered her room, she had been masturbating.  Hearing
the door start to open, she quickly pulled her shirt over her bare
bottom and rolled over as if asleep.  But there was nothing she
could do about her panties on the floor.  When her brother lifted
her shirt up, Brittany played asleep.  She dared to peek out the
tiny slits she made between her eyelids and watched for a second as
he masturbated.  The sight got her so turned on that she decided to
give her brother something to really jack off to, so she turned
over.

When Rob jacked off some more, she decided to spread.  And after
Rob left the room, she went back to masturbating, only this time
she was gathering her brother's cum on her fingers as she rubbed
her clit with one hand and inserted a cum soaked finger with the
other.  It was by far the best masturbating she had ever done and
she definitely wanted to know more about the white sticky jism that
her brother had shot all over her.


                         Two Years Later

Rob knew his feelings for his sister were wrong, but Brittany
didn't help matters much when she would flirt with him
every chance she got.  He was sure it was innocent, but she was
always doing little things like giving him a wink and a sexy smile
as she closed the bathroom door to take a shower.  Or running
around the house in pajamas when their folks weren't home.  Like
tonight.  The folks weren't due in until after two in the morning.
And lately, thinking of his sister maybe having gotten fucked in
the back seat of some car made him even more susceptible to her
teasing.

That night both kids were home alone, their mom out for the evening
with friends.  Rob was contemplating setting the stage so that he
could get a repeat performance with his sister, this time with her
awake and aware of it.  Maybe if she saw him in a more sexy way,
she may get turned on.

"So, Fuck it!" Rob thought to himself.  "I sleep in jockeys and she
sleeps in PJ's.  She's wearing her PJ's around, I'll wear my
jockeys.  And we'll see what happens."

He wasn't sure how far he would go with his sister even if he got
the chance, but he knew that her little adolescent body excited
him.  Fuck her?  Probably not.  She was still his little sister. 
Finger her little twat, feel her up or check her out?  You bet!  

"Nice underwear, Robbie," Brittany said, looking him over up and
down with a show of mock admiration as if she were inspecting a
male centerfold. "Wow!" She thought. "Her brother in his
underwear!"  It was gonna be impossible for her to not let on that
she was getting turned on by this.

"Like you're overdressed, Brattany!" Rob said, his play on her name
one of the little insults he used on her whenever she got too close
to understanding his real feelings.

Brittany plopped down in the overstuffed chair and pulled her knees
up to her chest, her arms around them, half watching the video on
MTV.  Her position allowed Rob a slight view of her panties below
her tee-shirt style bathing suit.  

"You goin' with Jeremy?" he asked.

"Jeremy is a Dweeb," she responded.

"I hear you got felt up by a Dweeb."

"A Dweeb with a big mouth.  That's why he didn't get anywhere."

"Oh.  That's the reason.  It's not because you don't know what to
do with a guy yet, is it?"

"Like what I know or don't know how to do is none of your business,
Robbie.  Just forget it, okay?"  With that she went to her room.  

"So it was true.  She did do it with Jeremy, at least the feeling
and frenching part" thought Jeremy as he stroked his cock through
his shorts.  He thought about Jeremy with his finger buried in her
cunt in the back of his older brother's car parked in his driveway
as he started to jack off.  And then he realized that he was
jacking off when his sister was in her room by herself and at this
rate he would never get to do anything with her.  They had to get
past the bickering stage if anything was to happen.  It would have
to be up to him to break the impasse.  He went to her room and
knocked.  

"I'm trying to get some sleep!" was the reply.

He opened the door and entered the semi dark room.  A dim night
light burned in the corner.  "I'm sorry, Brit" he told his sister. 

"Yeah, okay, but I still want to get some sleep," she responded.  

"Okay,  I'll join you."  Without waiting for a response, Rob hopped
in bed under the covers.

"And what do you think you are doing?  Get outta my Bed!"

"Chill out, Brit.  I'm not gonna do anything your Dweeb boyfriend
wouldn't do if he had the chance."

"He didn't fuck me, Rob.  Like it's any of your business if he did.
We were having a great time kissing cuz I thought he was a neat guy
and he's cute and then he started forcing his had down my pants. 
He wouldn't stop until I threatened to scream and then he did.  And
that's it.  That's all that happened. Now,  he's telling everybody
that he did it with me.  What a geek!"
"He didn't tell me that.  I overheard him tell some guy that he
felt you up, that's all.  You want me to kick his butt?"

"You would do that for me?"

"You are my little sister and I do like you both as a sister and as
a girl.  Do you want me to kick his butt?"

"No.  It isn't worth your time.  Forget it.  But thanks, anyway."

There were several long minutes of silence.  The mood between the
kids had definitely changed.  But Brit still had her back to Rob
and both kids pretended to be resting, each not sexually interested
in the other sexually.  Brittany broke the silence.  "What do you
mean that you like me as a girl?"

"Uh, well," Rob stammered shortly, "like I noticed that you are one
of the cutest girls around.  And even though we fight sometimes
I've known you all my life, and stuff like that."

Brittany turned toward her brother.  "Wow.  That's nice.  Thank
You.  Um, you know, you probably won't believe this, but I like you
as a boy, too."

There was a short period of silence, once again broken by Brittany.
"Why are we in bed together, in our underwear - or, I mean, in your
underwear?"  Brittany giggled at her mistake.  

Rob laughed back.  "Well, if my being in my underwear bothers
you..."  Without finishing his sentence he reached down beneath the
covers with both hands and slipped his jockey shorts over his hips.

He brought his legs up in the air to slip them off completely and
for a second Brittany caught a glimpse of his cock.  He held the
underwear up in the air for a few seconds and then ceremoniously
let them fall to the floor beside the bed.

"Shit, Rob, what are you doing?"  Brittany felt as if she had to
protest.  She couldn't let her brother know that her little body
was covered with a tingling sensation just at the thought of having
him naked next to her.  "Your my brother!"

"I'm a boy.  And your a girl."

"But, Robbie, we're related!"

"No problem," he joked. "Just pretend I'm Jeremy."

"No way!  I would rather do it with you than that creep any day!" 
Then Brittany realized what she had said.
 
Silence again.  Longer this time.  Brittany and Rob looked at each
other for a long time  before Rob reached out and placed a hand
gently on his sisters neck, drawing her close to him.  And then he
kissed her, gently on the lips.  They looked at each other again -
sort of in amazement, and then, in passion, fell into a lingering
kiss.  Their mouths opened and their tongues entwined, the children
kissed for at least five minutes.

Kissing his sister was making Rob's young cock throb.  Brittany's
whole body was tingling in passion as she made out with her
brother.  Rob was afraid to make any sexual moves because he didn't
want to frighten his sister and make her stop.  Brittany was
enjoying the kissing too much to do anything else.  But soon, their
lips and tongues tired, the two stopped to rest.

Brittany looked down at the bulge underneath the cover where Rob's
cock was actually raising the blanket.  He at first tried to cover
it with his hand in embarrassment, but then decided that he wanted
his sister to see her effect on him.  "I guess that means you like
me," she said with a little grin.

"Guess you could say so," Rob replied.

"Lemme see it," asked Brittany.

Rob pulled the covers down over his cock and let them lay at the
foot of the bed.  He had a much better view of his sister's pajama
clad body.

"Wow, what does that feel like?" she asked.

Rob took her hand and guided it to his swollen tool.  At first
there was a little resistance when she realized that her brother
was guiding her hand to his huge swollen cock, but the curiosity
and sexual passion took over.  As she touched his prick, her
fingers caressed it.  Rob showed her how to stroke up and down.

"Is this how boys do it?"

"Do what?" Rob asked, pretending ignorance.

"You know, jack off."

"Here, lemme show you how I do it," he said.  Rob moved her had to
a resting point on his thigh and grabbed his swelled cock with his
right hand while he massaged his balls with his left.  Brittany
watched her brother masturbate.  Rob was getting excited by his
sister's intense interest.  He continued to stroke his cock and
massage his balls for a few minutes.  "It works better if I have
something to look at," he said.

"Like what?"

"Well, like I usually use playboy pictures and stuff like that."

"So go and get some."

"I would rather look at you, um, naked."

Brittany realized that they had gone to the point that it probably
didn't make a lot of difference anymore anyway.  So what if Rob saw
her naked. He had seen her two years ago when he jacked off on her. 
She wanted her brother and her to share everything --
all of their secrets.  She wanted to tell him what REALLY happened
with Jeremy.  She wanted him to see her play with herself, too. 
"You mean you would rather watch your little sister naked than some
big busted model while you jerk yourself off?"

"Yes.  I would.  So off with the clothes."  Rob had stopped jerking
himself off and was watching his sister, waiting for her response. 
Without a word, Brittany reached up underneath her long tee shirt
and pulled off her white cotton panties.  Then she pulled the shirt
over her head.  

"How's that?  Think you can cum as well to that as some Playboy
girl?"

"Better," Rob said as he grabbed two of the four pillows on the bed
and propped them up against the footboard.  He turned around so
that he and his sister were facing each other from the head and
foot of the bed and with the pillows stacked behind him, he once
again begin to jack off.  As Brittany watched, she began to finger
herself, her index finger making small circles around her swollen
little clit as the other hand held her cunt lips apart.  Rob had a
perfect view of her pink slit and soft mound covered only with a
very light spattering of soft brown hair.  

Rob couldn't believe that he was laying on his sister's bed,
completely naked, jerking off in front of her while she  did the
same in front of him.  He watched Brittany manipulate her little
clit and she now had a finger sliding in and out of her hole.  As
he stroked his stiff cock, he felt a familiar stirring in his
balls.  He stopped stroking so that he wouldn't cum right then and
there because he wanted this to last indefinitely.

"Why did you stop?" Brittany asked?

"If I don't, I'll squirt," Rob replied.

"I wanna watch you do it."  With that Brittany moved to a position
right over her brother's throbbing cock.  With one hand, she
started gently stroking it and with the other she gently massaged
his balls as she had seen him do himself, earlier.  "Does it feel
good, Robbie?" she asked.

The chain reaction had already started and Rob did not have a
chance to answer.  His cock erupted sending streams of hot jism
into the air.  One splattered on Brittany's cheek, another in her
hair as she continued to stroke her brother.  Her hand was covered
with the pearly cum and Rob's stomach was covered with splotches of
the white goo.  She continued to jerk her brother off until his
cock began to loose it's hardness.  Then she looked at her gooey
hand and smiled.  "What do you do with this stuff when you do it by
yourself?" she asked her brother.

Rob was breathing hard just getting over the best orgasm of his
life.  Seeing his sister there with cum dripping down her cheek and
her forehead made him want to cum again.  "I have a towel between
the mattresses on my bed," he answered.  Brittany examined her
brothers sperm on her hand and then reached down between her legs
and spread the gooey cream all over her mound.  

"Guess after tonight we won't have any secrets at all from each
other, Robbie," she said.

"Yeah, I guess not," he replied.

Rob moved so that he was now laying on the bed in the same
direction as his sister.  He reached over and with the undershorts
he had discarded earlier he wiped his sister's face dabbing off the
ribbons of cum that dripped down her cheek and forehead.

"Is that the first time you've seen a boy's stuff?" he asked her.

"No."

Rob was shocked at the reply.  He felt his groin start to stir once
again.  "No secrets, remember?" he reminded his sister of their
earlier agreement.

"Okay, that's the way I want it too.  So, you know Nicole Edwards,
right?  She's a sophomore. She's in your class and she goes to my
gymnastics class.  Well, after gym the other day we were walking
home and Jeremy came by on his honda scooter.  He asked us if we
wanted to watch TV at his place.  Well, he sorta asked Nicole but
because I was there he asked me too.  From the way Nicole giggled,
I knew something was up but Jeremy is a hunk and I wanted to go to
his house just so I could say that I had been there."

Brittany stopped for a moment.  Her brothers fingering of her cunt
while she told him of her experiences was getting her hot.  She
could see Rob's throbbing cock and knew he was getting more and
more turned on too.  "Yeah, I know Nicole.  She is really cute. 
She is on cheer and I have World History with her.  So, what did
you guys do?" Rob asked impatiently as he pictured in his mind the
platinum blond girl at school who could pass for Kelly on Married
with Children.

"Well,  Jeremy rode on ahead of us to his house and Nicole told me
what a stud he was and asked me if I would like to get it on with
him.  Well, I didn't know what to say so I said 'No' but she said
'That's okay, you are still kinda young yet but you can watch us if
you want to.'  Like, I was in shock.  I was going to get to see
Jeremy naked and fucking Nicole.

"Well, we went to his house and watched TV.  Nicole sat by him on
the couch and pretty soon they were making out.  Jeremy had his
hand under Nicole's shirt and before long they got up and went into
Jeremy's room.   I stayed there and watched TV for a few minutes
but then I got up to see where they had gone.  The door to Jeremy's
room was wide open.  They were on Jeremy's bed fucking."    
The work Rob was doing on his sister's cunt intensified.  She was
beginning to take pauses to catch her breath.  "Oh, man.  They were
actually doing it?  Wow, what did it look like??" asked Rob.

"Well, Nicole was on her back and I could see Jeremy's cute butt
pumping in and out.  Her legs were way up in the air on either side
of his waist.  I watched for a few minutes and then Nicole saw me
and winked at me.  I came in the room and Jeremy got off of her and
I could see his stiff cock, all wet and shiny.  Jeremy told me to
take off my clothes and join the party but I said no.  Nicole told
Jeremy to let me do things at my own pace and he said 'whatever.' 
Then Nicole went down on Jeremy and started sucking him off.  I
just watched  but Jeremy kept looking at me.  Then he reached over
and put his hand underneath my dress.  I started to pull away but
I couldn't see any harm in getting felt up so I let him."

"Wow, did he finger you like I am doing?" Rob asked.

"No, He was feeling me through my panties.  It felt good, and
watching Nicole suck him off made me get even hotter.  Then Nicole
stopped sucking and was watching Rob feel me.  His cock had gotten
huge and she was stroking it like this."  Brittany took her
brother's prick in her hand and began to lightly stroke it up and
down, rubbing the palm of her hand over the head.

"That's it, Brit, damn, that feels good when you do that.  So what
did they do next?" Rob inquired anxiously.

"Well, then Nicole got on top of him and straddled him and ran his
cock up into herself and started pumping.  She shaves her pussy
because she is on swim and doesn't want the hair to show.  Anyway, 
next thing I know, Jeremy had my skirt off and he is really
fingering my cunt.  So I got up on the bed with them and Jeremy
moved one leg on either side of his head and started sucking my
pussy.  I was so turned on watching Nicole get fucked that she and
I started french kissing.

I could tell when Jeremy started to cum because his tongue ran
halfway up my cunt.  After he was all done, Nicole got off of him
and I could see the stuff oozing out of her crack.  She saw me
looking and said 'Wanna see?' I said 'yeah', and she lay down on
her back and spread her legs real wide.  I got real close and
looked as the stuff came out.  Jeremy asked me if I wanted some of
that up my cunt and I said 'Not really.'

"Nicole stayed there and I think they did it again but I came home.

And that's it."
Rob's cock was once again at full hardness and throbbing.  His
sister had seen Jeremy and Nicole naked and fucking and had got
naked in front of him herself.  Wow.  "So what about the deal in
his brother's back seat?" he asked.

The phone by Brittany's bed rang.  Rob answered it.  It was their
mom.  They would be staying overnight and wanted to make sure
everything was okay.  Rob smiled when she asked him not to be
fighting with his sister.  Brittany giggled when he told her.  "So,
what about the back seat, Brit?" 

"You're really gonna think I'm some slut."

"I already do.  You are going to fuck your brother tonight.  You
want to, don't you?"  Rob was getting excited talking to his little
sister that way.  "Don't you?"

"Yes.  I want you to fuck me, Robbie.  You can do whatever you
want.  I want to be your personal little whore and I will do
whatever you say, as long as it doesn't hurt.  I will fuck you
whenever you want or whoever you tell me to, Rob.  You don't know
how long I have been waiting to tell you that."

Rob reached over and placed a finger back between his sister's
legs.  Rubbing it in her slippery crack, he lubricated it and then
sank it in her hole.  "Back seat," he said.

"Well, a few days after watching them do it I was really getting
turned on every time I thought about it.  I was wishing that I had
let him fuck me after he fucked Nicole.  So I called him.  He said
that his older brother, who is in college, he's 23, was home, but
that we could make out in the back seat of the car.  So I went over
there and we were in the back seat and I had my blouse open and he
was feeling me and we were making out and then his brother opened
the door and saw us.

"He told us to get in the house.  I was sure that we were busted. 
But once we were inside, he told Jeremy to take me to his room and
do whatever you're gonna do but don't do it in his car because
someone would see us.  Then he looked at my open blouse and said
'Nice tits.'  

"Well, one thing led to another.  I really wasn't in the mood to do
it after the thing with his brother but he kept insisting and told
me that I was the one that had come over and that it was me that
had called him and that I owed it to him, so I finally let him have
his way.  First he sucked my pussy and then when I was good and
wet, he got on top of me and stuck it in.  I really wasn't into it
so I pretty much just lay there with my eyes closed until he came. 
It did feel good when he came in me and that was the first time I
was really starting to feel good.  Jeremy pulled out of me then I
looked up and saw Mike, his brother.

"He said, 'Nice show, Jer.  Mind if I have a pop at her?'  Jeremy
said 'Nah, she is kind of a dead fuck but give it your best shot. 
I was shocked but getting turned on the way they were talking about
me.  Jeremy got dressed and left.  Mike closed the door and came
over and sat on the bed next to me.  He rubbed his hands over me
and then stuck a finger up my cunt.  Just like you are doing now. 
Only his hands were huge and his finger felt like Jeremy's cock.

"He said to me, 'Nice , tight little twat.  How old are you, kid?'
I told him 13.  Then he started talking really dirty to me and
telling me that he was gonna fuck my cunt and I was gonna like it
because it was a man fuck and not a boy fuck.  I was getting so hot
listening to him.  Then he told me that I had to do everything he
said and I agreed.  He stood up and told me to undo his pants.  I
did.  He finished getting undressed.  He looks just like Jeremy
except he has all this hair on his chest.  His cock was enormous
and I was scared that it was gonna hurt.  

"First he started kissing me and fingering me at the same time and
then he lay down on his back and made me get on top of him like
Nicole did with Jeremy.  My pussy was still full of Jeremy's cum
and it was a good thing because it helped him get inside of me. 
Mike held me by the waist and moved me up and down on him I really
didn't have to do much.  My pussy was really full because his cock
was so big it made it stretch.  After a while of bouncing up and
down on him, I came.  I started yelling for him to fuck me and he
got more excited and moved me up and down faster on his cock. 
Pretty soon he let out this groan and I felt the first wad of cum
squirt out of his dick.  His cum was a lot more than Jeremy's and
it came out harder too.  It felt really hot inside of me and I
thought he would never stop.  He said 'Wow, not bad for a 13 year
old.  Let me know next time you need your tubes cleaned, kid."

"Damn, Brittany.  I wanna watch you do it with a guy."

"Who?  Jeremy again?"

"Well, that would be okay.  Are there any other guys that you would
like to do it with?"

Hesitating a moment she asked, "How about a girl?   The night after
I watched Jeremy and Nicole I remembered her showing me Jeremy's
cum on her pussy.  I wanted to lick it, but not in front of Jeremy.
So what I would like is for you to fuck Nicole and then I would eat
her out afterwards."

"Do you think Nicole would let me fuck her?" Rob asked.

"She has wanted to get into my pants since we started gym class
together.  Word has it that she is into younger girls.  She would
do anything to get me in bed with her.  That is why she invited me
to Jeremy's house."

"Okay, next time we're home alone we'll invite her over.  Should we
do each other in front of her?"
"No, that will be our secret."

With that, Brittany straddled her brother.  She placed his cock
over her hole and then backed into it letting it sink gradually in.

She worked her hips as Rob began a slow pumping motion.  Soon it
was all the way in.  Brittany began to move herself up and down
while milking her brother's cock.  "Fuck me, Robbie, make me cum. 
Cum in me!"  Brittany talked to her brother in an attempt to get
him more excited.  She succeeded.  Rob was bucking off of the
mattress in an attempt to drive his cock deep into his sister's
cunt.

Watching Brittany spread on top of him made him more determined to
make her cum like no one else ever could.  He wanted her to want
her brother in her more than any other male on earth.  Little did
he know that she already did.  "Brit, I want you.  I wanna cum in
you.  I want to make you my girlfriend.  You little whore!"

It didn't take long because the talk of sex between the two and the
fingering had already taken their toll.  Rob went first sending a
torrent of jism up his little sister's cunt.  Feeling the hot jism
fill her cuntal passage was all it took to send Brittany into a
shuddering orgasm.  Both kids fell asleep where they were.  When
they came awake a couple of hours later, it was almost eleven
o'clock.

Rob awoke to find his sister sleeping soundly.  She was still
naked.  She was now on her back and the light was still on giving
him a perfect view of her little nude body.  He reached down to her
cunt and felt all the goo that he had deposited there only a couple
of hours before.  She was so cute.  And she was his.  But her
wanted to watch her fuck Jeremy in the worst way.  Maybe it was him
that wanted Jeremy naked in front of him... he had been thinking
about it so much lately he wasn't sure about those feelings either,
lately.

He dialed Jeremy's number. "Kinda late to be calling, eh dude? 
Lucky thing my folks are out at some party getting plastered."

"Well, Jer, I was just talking to my sister about the great time
she had over at your house a couple of weeks ago and wondered if
you were up for a repeat performance."

"What do you mean, man?" Jeremy pretended to have no knowledge of
what was up.

"She is ready to have a big cock planted in her tight little cunt,
that's what I mean.  You wanna do it?"

"Now?"

"Yeah, now.  Our mom's out for the night," Rob said.

"Shit. Like, I guess okay, then.  I was gonna jack off and go to
sleep anyway.  Can I ask why you are inviting me over to screw your
sister?"

"I wanna watch," Rob told him.

"Well, I guess different strokes and all.  That's cool.  You
poppin' her?" Jeremy asked.

"She's my sister, man, wise up!"

"Shit, you could still be fuckin' her."

"I just wanna watch you do it," Rob replied.

"Okay, that's cool, but I don't do gay stuff.  Just your sister
while you watch, right?"

"Yeah, right," said Rob as he hung up the phone.  Brittany was
looking at him quizzically.

"Who was that?" she asked.

"Jeremy.  He's on his way over."

"Shit.  Why?  What did you tell him, Robbie?"

"I told him that I wanted to watch him fuck your little brains
out."

"Oh, shit, Robbie.  Why did you do that?  Did you tell him about
us?" said Brittany in a tone of displeasure.

"No, I didn't tell him about us.  I also didn't tell him that the
reason that I want to watch him fuck you is because I get just as
turned on watching his cute little ass as I do watching you spread
open underneath him.  And what else he doesn't know is that after
he leaves, I am gonna suck every drop of his cum outta your tight
little hole.  So go take a good bath and don't come out until I
tell you.  And make sure that you wash your pussy good because I
want to taste just his cum in your twat tonight."  Rob was getting
turned on listening to himself.  

Brittany obediently went into the shower.  She had dried herself
off and was examining herself in the mirror, reflecting also on
what her brother had said to her.  She had conjured up an image in
her mind of her brother flat on his back, spread next to her with
Jeremy pumping his cock in and out of Rob's ass when a knock came
on the door.  "C'mon out, Brit.  We got company," her brother
called.

She wrapped a towel around her and complied.  Her hand shook as she
turned the doorknob.  Her brother led her into the bedroom where
Jeremy sat on her bed, fully clothed.  Rob pulled the towel from
her leaving her perfectly naked in front of the boy.  "She's all
yours, man," he told Jeremy.

"Are you sure you wanna do this in front of your brother, Brit?"

"We did it in front of yours," she responded quickly in a near
bratty tone.

"Good point.  Anything special you wanna see, Rob?" Jeremy asked,
not taking his eyes off of the girl.

"Nah, just knock yourself out.  Do what you want to.  Just make
sure you don't hurt her and make sure that you blow your wad in
that little twat of hers," Rob said.  He already had a stiff hard
on that he was trying to keep from peeking beneath the shorts and
bathrobe that he put on for Rob's arrival.  He hoped he hadn't
given himself away talking about him cumming in her.

Jeremy stood up.  Slowly, while looking at Brittany, he unzipped
his fly, unbuttoned his levis and let them drop to his ankles.  His
tool was throbbing and as it strained beneath his jockey shorts. 
Brittany looked at it, and then looked at up at him. Jeremy snapped
his finger and then motioned with it at his waving tool.  Brittany
came up to the front of him, dropped to her knees and lowered the
front of his shorts below his balls.  She took the waving tool in
her hand and stroked it a few times before guiding it into her
mouth.  Obscenely she bobbed her head taking his stiff cock in and
out of her face. Jeremy watched her manipulate his cock as he
unbuttoned his shirt and let it drop to the floor.

Brittany continued to suck him off while he forced off his shows
and stepped out of his jeans.  Rob's cock grew as he watched Jeremy
fuck his sister's mouth, only the contour of the crack of his ass
visible underneath his tight jockey shorts.  Brittany had pulled
down below his knees and was gently massaging his balls with one
hand while rubbing his butt with the other.  Rob was getting
excited watching Jeremy's naked, hairless but pump in and out of
his sisters face, making dimples as he did it.

Brittany stood up, signaling Jeremy that she was ready to take his
cock as they had done before, only this time in front of her
brother.  She got on her hands and knees, her butt toward her
brother.  Jeremy positioned himself behind her on his knees and
guided his cock into her wet crack.  When she felt the head of his
dick on her hole, Brittany forced herself back, swallowing his cock
in the process.  Jeremy began his pumping as Rob, his pants now
down, jacked off.  Jeremy continued pushing in and out of
Brittany's tight cunt while Rob, now naked, got up and stood beside
the bed.

"Is this what you wanted, Robbie? " Brittany asked her brother.

"Yeah, it is, Brit," he told her.  

"If this was my sister, I would fuck her every chance I got. 
Sister or not, man," Jeremy told Rob.

Rob had not planned on doing anything with Brit in front of Jeremy,
but he was too turned on now to care what Jeremy thought.  He got
up on the bed beside Jeremy and nudged next to him, indicating he
wanted a turn with his sister.  Jeremy quickly moved aside, the
thought of watching was exciting his as it did Rob.  He watched as
the two fucked.  Brittany was moaning softly feeling the awesome
presence of her brother's cock in her cunt.  

"Having a sister is awesome, man, especially when she fucks," said
Jeremy to Rob as he stroked his dick.  He then nudged Rob over and
took over the pumping of the girl.  It wasn't long until Rob was
grunting and humping wildly and with a moan, let go his teenage
boysperm, flooding Brittany's canal.  Brittany was cumming herself
and had reached back and was squeezing Jeremy's balls as he
continued to spurt.  Soon his balls had exhausted themselves and
Jeremy pulled his half-hard cock out of Brittany's hole.  "She's
all yours, man," he said as he got up from the bed.  

Rob mounted his sister from behind and grabbed her by the waste as
he guided himself in.  He couldn't believe how sloppy her cunt was
with Jeremy's cum squishing all around his cock.  When he started
fucking her, he couldn't believe the squishing slurping noised as
he pushed in and out.  The other boy's cum was dripping down the
inside of both of her thighs as he forced it out of her.  Then he
added more sperm to her already soaked little hole.  He came in
torrents as Jeremy watched, getting dressed at the same time. 
Brittany continued to moan and spasm and, like she had done with
the other boy, grabbed her brother's balls as he continued to
spurt.

Rob pulled his limp, semen soaked cock from his sister as she fell
on her stomach into the bed.  The backs of her thighs glistened
with both boy's semen.

"Any time you need to get her tuned up, let me know, man," Jeremy
told Rob.

"Yeah, we'll do it again.  I like watching her fuck and I like
screwing her after she's just had it.  But not a word to anyone,
okay?"  Rob asked Jeremy.

"Don't worry, man, people would think I was perverted helping a guy
fuck his own sister.  I won't say anything."  With that, he left.

--
