Copyright © 1997,     GoDSpiT.    ALL Rights Reserved.

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.





Brothers and Sisters
By:  GoDSpiT


Part ii.

i.

	Adam and Renee walked off of the plane and looked around for the limo driver that was suppose to pick them up.  Renee saw him first and dragged Adam along with her to meet the driver.  He looked to be in his late thirites and he was handsome but not in a noticiable way.  When they told him who they were he led them to the baggage claim where they got their baggage.  Adam thought about what it must have been like for his father comming here for the first time all those years ago.  Not knowning that he was going to be meeting his future wife and begin his future life.   Adam thought about what it must have been like in those days, not much had changed in the last 21 years besides the fact that a new milenium was arleady here and the world was deeper into technology than before.    
	Adam thought about all the changes in his life these last few months.  The way that his parents had so easily embraced the fact that their son and daughter were lovers.  The way that  his parents had lied about his mothers age in order to protect the family when they moved.   His father had been 27 years old when he was born, while his mother had only been 12.   Adam  someitmes wondered how all of that had happend.  But he did not really want to think about that.  What he wanted to think about was the present.  And being with his sister Renee and being here on a strange farm where a lot of little girls were going to be.      
	They were led into a limo where it was seperated from the driver.   Adam looked over at his sister.  His lover, his future.  He notices the beauty of her small face, her delicate body, her loving eyes.  Adam gently slips an arm around her shoulders and holds her close to him.   "Adam what do you know about Uncle Adam and Aunt Wern and everyone else living there."
	"Not much but I do know that all of moms brothers and sisters still live there and they reportdly have a huge family."  Renee sighs and lays closer into her brothers side.   Adam lets his sister drift off into sleep. He had met this part of his family once when he was 10 years old.  His sister had  been too young to go with his father and him.  So his mother had stayed behind.  They had only gone up there for a week to check on the farm.   It was weird.  Adam remembered something about his Aunt Wern.   They had one child that was a little older than Adam she was about 13 or so.  And she had a round belly those two things were the only things that Adam really remembered.   Something about his Aunt Wern got him thinking that he had seen something or done something but he wasn't sure what it was.
	The limo pulled around a bend and started to drive down a long winding bumpy dirt road.   Adam gently woke his sister up who was sound asleep on his side.   She opend her eyes and rubbed them before sitting up and looking.  Adam looked out the windows.  It was a sunny day and the lands around the farm were huge and well kept.  Adam could tell that his Aunt and Uncle must be very proud of their hard work.   The limo pulled in front of a large two story house.  The house was according to his father larger than it had once been.  And Adam could tell where the house had had newly added parts to it.  It looked like a grand manshion.   Renee was in awe of the place Adam could tell.   
	He remembered something his father had told him once about this family.  That it was part of the great pedophile library that was growing today known as:  Michael's Perversions.   The library had never been caught on to because of its secrecy.  Anyone who owns a Michael's Perversions tape is in close relation to the family or is somehow connected to it.   And they make sure that no one else knows about it.   It is part of the largest network in the world: The JeweL_NetworK which no one living could connect to anything.     But Adam did not really care for all of this stuff all he cared about was his sister sitting next to him and the fact that he was about to encounter the stranger side of his family.  The side that openly commited Incest and peodphilia.  And he hoped to god that he would get to touch some of those young girls.  He wanted to make love to his sister and be with her always but he also wanted small flesh and he knew that he had to have it.   What he didn't expect was the visitors. . .

ii.

	The limo parked and the door was opened.  Adam and Renee stepped out and walked up to the door.  Adam knocked once and the door was opend by a young girl who couldn't have been more than six years old.   She had long dark blonde hair and two small blue eyes.  A pert nose and the roundest little girl ass that Adam had ever seen.   His cock which was already standing at attention because of his thoughts and  his sister being so close gave a large thump in his pants.  God if alll the girls looked that good  he didn't know what he was going to do.   She led them into the living room where two people that Adam noticed right away were sitting.  Aunt Wern and Uncle Adam.   Sitting with them were some other guests that Adam had never seen before.  One was a man who looked to be in his late thirties.  Sitting on his lap was a small girl who was about 6.    The girl was very cute and had dark green eyes and long dark brown hair.  Off to the side was an older girl though she didn't look to yet be out of her early 20's she was very beautiful with long dark brown hair and dark green eyes.  She had really small breasts.  Her daughter looked so much like her that it shocked Adam.
	His Aunt Wern stood up and she said,  "ahh Adam what a pleasure for you to finally arrive."  She paused and looked at Renee.  She studided the girls body for a second or two before she said, "and this must be Renee.   Your mother has told me many times that you were  a striking beauty and now I must believe it is so because  you look so much like her.  Hopefully you will put that body of yours to good use modeling or something."  A glint appears in her eyes as she smiles and sits looks behind her.   "Of course you know your Uncle Adam and these people here are our guests for the next few days, though we do have another guest or two somewhere in the house who knows were right now.    I would like for you to meet Willam and his wife Emily and their daughter Elisabeth."   Both Willam and Emily let their hands be shaken by Adam and Renee the little girl though jumps up into Adam's surpised arms and says in a whisper, "will you fuck me sometime."  Adam grins at her and feels her small boody pressed to his.  She was clearly one of the most beautiful little girls that he had ever seen.  She hops down and goes back to her daddies lap.
	"Sorry about that,"  Willam speaks up,  "she sometimes does that to men that she finds sexually attracted towards I hope you don't mind."
	Adam laughs and says,  "mind,  why would I mind?"   Everyone else sits back down and Adam's aunt points to a chair on the other end of the room.  Adam and Renee sit down in it with her on his lap.  She was thirteen but felt like a ten year old.   "So who exactly are  you Willam if you don't mind my asking?"
	Willam laughs softly and says,  "Well if you must know I own JewL_NetworK and JanaTech."    	
	Adam lifts his eyebrow and goes into complete shock.  "You are the one who makes Michael's Perversions?"    
	Willam laughs harder and says,  "no, no dear boy,  Michael does that seris. I just distribute it....mainly to people in high up places I might add.   Michael is around here somewhere.  We are here to start shooting one of our summer programs and well we wanted to make sure that everything was set up and that everyone was here.   You two showing up was an added surpised I might add.  And I am sure that we will all try to convence you both to join our games."   He smiles and pats his daughters leg.    
	Adam tried to take all of this in.  So it was true he thought to himself.   Everyone was connected somehow though the JeweL_NetworK.   Adam didn't understand yet how it worked or what made it work but he did understand one thing.   That these people were all quite interesting.   "I would like to meet everyone if that is not a problem?"   His Aunt laughs as his uncle stands up.
	The man yells loudly.  "Everyone Assymble in the appropate place like we praticed for the movie we are making this summer.   In 5, 4, 3, 2, 1!!!"  out of every corner of the house flesh began to appear. Some teenagers some pre-teens and after they were assembled the parents apppeared off to another side.   "First let me introduce you to the parents.  Of course there is Wern and I, then comes our brother and sister Willam Jr. and Sarah.    Then next is my second wife Jenn.  Next to them is of course the first daughters and sons of ours.  My daughter and son Mark and Irene,  My other daughter and son John and Janet.  Then comes Willam's and Sarah's three children who are all married to Willam because they are all girls. Mary, Kara, and Janet.   At the end there is Michael the man that made up Michael's Perversions and his wife Tina.  Last is Willam and his wife/daughter Emily.  Okay now I think I will let my wife introduce the children I someitmes confuse them."
	Wern steps up and walks over to the children.  "I will start oldest to youngest and tell you there ages so you don't get confused.   First though lets get this done the easy way.   Every kid that is not a realtive of this family please step out of the line and form your own.   five kids step out of the line, two looked to be in their early teens and the other three looked to be preteens.  Only two of the five were boys and one was preteen and one was teen.   "First here is Michael's sister's (who is not here) daughter Mina.  Mina is thirteen years old and incase you could not tell  by her bulging belly pregnant with her twin brothers child."   Mina was very pretty Adam decided with dark black hair and blue eyes, her nose was slight and turned up.   She had two small round breasts and a definate swell in her belly.  Adam had the desire to rub that baby belly and fuck that girl silly.   Next in line was her  twin brother,  "this here is Mina's twin brother Luke. He is the father of the child in his sisters belly along with the child in his mothers belly.   But that is beside the point because his mother is not here.    Then comes little Rachel.   She is 9 years old and the daughter of Michael and Tina."   Rachel was truly beautiful. She had her mothers looks infact she looked like her mother must have at that age.   Adam wanted to touch the little thing and fuck her.  He had never been around so much pre-teen flesh in one day.  "Next comes Allen, he is only 8 and the son of Michael and Tina, and let me tell you he gets hard already.    Lastly is the  youngest of all the children that are not realtives little six year old  Elisabeth."   Elisabeth was the daughter of Willam and Emily.   Adam had already met the little vixen.
	"Okay next comes your realatives.   The oldest here is sixteen year old Jennifer.  As you can tell she is also pregnant with her second child.   We have quite a few two or three year olds running around here somewhere but they are much to young for anything so we skip them.  Jenifer is my daughter."  She looked a lot like her mother, she had two small little breast and a round very round belly, she looked like she was about to drop.   "Next comes thirteen year olds Anna and Lenna."  They are twins and both of them I might add are currently two months pregnant with twins."   She smiles.  Both girls don't look a day over the age of 11.  They are both small with little training bra titties and both reminded Adam of his liver Renee.   "Next comes the eleven year old Gina."  Gina has two small training bra tittes also.    "Lastly we come to the four young children.  There is 9 year old Alice,  7 year old Randy (she was named after your mother) and lastly 6 year old Erin who opend the door for you."    Lookng at all of these girls Adam's cock immdedately exploeded in his pants.   "And now comse the four boys,  Jack who is 14, Mark who is 10, Bryan who is 8, and little four year old Chris."    She sits back down and says,  "now  you know the family.    And we are wondering if either one of you would be willing to join us in our summer movie.   It is the first summer movie that this family is going to make and we want it to be good and long and have a good plot.    So do you want to join us?"    
	Adam whispers into Renee's ears, "well what do you think love?"    
	Renee thinks for a few minutes the idea turned her on more than anything else ever had before.   "Yes lets go for it under one condition they give us our own room for nights." 
	Adam looks over at all the adults and says,  "we will do it under one conditon we get a room of our own for nights."   
	Aunt Wern laughs and says, "of course."  And it was settled.

iii.

	The next morning Everyone was sat down in a room and Michael stood up and walked around to explain his next vision to bring to the pedophile world.   "Last summer we filmed in a forest with a family on vacation.   This year I want to go totally diffrent.  I want everything to be diffrent.  First off I want to use this whole house and everyone here to play certian parts.  I have many ideas and I want it to be perfect.   Wern I want you to play the mother, a caring gentel mother who understands her children's problems and the way that they feel.   Okay children listen up these are your rolls.. .  ."   Michael went on to list the roles for the kids.  Renee was picked to be the girl that falls for her uncle, who was being played by Michael as it turned out.   Adam was picked to play one of the two older men that fall in love with little girls and he just so happend to get little Erin as the girl that he falls for.   Adam could hardly believe it when he learned that he was going to get to fuck that little thing.   He got hard just thinking about it.   His sister looked happy in her role after all Michael was quite handsome.   
	So now they all snuck off into there own rooms to read there lines and prepare for tomorrow which would be the first day of shooting.    As it turned out they were going to be shooting from begining to end all of it in order.   Adam and Renee sat down on the bed and she placed a hand on his leg,  "I thought that they were going to put us together."   She said laying down on the bed looking up at the celling.
	"Do you not want to do it now?"
	Renee laughed and said,  "no way mister you are not getting away that easy,  I saw the desire in your eyes to fuck little Erin and I am not letting you get away from doing that.  Plus I want to have Michael fuck me.  It will feel so good, so fucking good."    With that she pulled Adam down on top of her and whispred in his ear,  "fuck me right now big boy."   Adam slipped a hand under her dress and slowly started to pull down her panties.     He could feel the heat from her sex radiating around him.  He knew she was ready.   Adam felt hands pulling off his pants and taking his hard cock out.   He spread his sisters legs and thrusted his hard cock into her small pussy.   She grunted out his name as he fucked into her small body.    When it was over sAdam rolled over and laid down beside his sister  holding her hand.   "I feel much better now.    The first scene we shoot is the scene of Michael and you arriving to stay the week with an old friend of yours, who is played by Willam.    It should be interesting."    She laughed and rolled on top of Adam.   Her hair hung down over her face and he felt his cock slid back into his sisters body.   He started to thurst his hardening cock again and she moaned out his name before he shot his seed into her body again.    And now the prepared for the next day.

iv.
(the following is the finished movie)

	Adam put the car into drive and he became his character who had the same name.  Everyone kept there same name just for the ease of not having to memorize everyone's new names.   The car arrives at the front of the house and Adam parks it.   He turns to Michael who begins his lines,  "You know Adam I haven't seen Willam since he got married and moved out to this place."
	Adam lightly laughs and says,  "I have heard a few things about Willam, but I don't know if I believe any of them.   But one thing is for sure he supposedly has a lot of little girls."   
	Michael laughs and says,  "you always thinking with your dick."   Then he opens his car door and step out.   "Though if there are a few cute older ones I might be able to get it up and well get them up."   He laughs and smiles as they both walk up to the door of the house.    Michael knocks once and when no one comes to the door he knocks again.   The door is opend by Renee who is dressed only in a blue training bra and a pair of boxers.   She smiles at them and both cocks give a thumb in there pants.
	"Hello can I help you too?"
	Adam is the first one to recover  his voice and he says,  "Yes we are here to see your father Willam we are friends of his."
	The girl looks at both of them up and down for a second and then says,   "oh my daddy told me about both of you arriving.     Hello I am Renee, who are you?"
	Michael speaks up and says,  "I am Michael and this is my friend Adam."   She smiles and walks away from the door indicating for them to go in with her.     
	Adam and Michael follow the girls round little ass though the house and back into the kitchen.  There sitting at the table was Willam and his wife Wern.    They sat there talking with WIllam and Wern while the whole time Michael's eyes were captivated by the thirteen year old daughter wearing only her training bra and boxer shorts.   When another face entered the room the other daughter of the family.    Adam turned his attention to the most beautiful little six year old he had ever seen.   She was wearing a tight shirt and a tight pair of shorts. Adam watched the girl move though the living room and into the kitchen where she smiled at him and whispered something to her sister both girls disappeared.
	Adam turned back and he saw that Willam was smilling at both him and Michael.   "You have good eyes both of you.    Those are my little jewls, my daughters.  Erin is six, and Renee is 13.  Be on the watch tonight. I can tell when they like someone."    Willam said it all almost off hand and turned back to talking about golf.

 * * * 

That night Adam laid in his bed trying to get to sleep. His hard cock was bothering him though.  He didn't know how to relieve it.   Every time he started to jack off and was about to cum something told him to wait a little while longer.   And that was when he heard the door to his room creek open.  And standing there in the door way was six year old Erin.   She smiled at him and walked over to the bed.   Adam watched as the young girl slips her shirt over her head and slips into the bed in only her panties.    She runs her body up against his and Adam can feel her small pussy though her panties pushing against his hard cock.    He feels her hand go over his chest and down under his boxers.   
	The feel of her hand on his cock almost makes Adam cum but he holds it back trying not to think about the little girls small hand on his hard cock.   He slides his boxers down for her and then runs a hand over her belly and down under her small panties.   He runs a finger up and down her pussy slit and the girl gives out a moan.   Adam loves the feel of her small pussy in his hands.  He pulls her panties down and rolls her onto her back.  He looks down at the small slit and smiles.    He spreads her legs and goes down inbetween them.  He slowly starts to eat the six year old out.
	When she starts moaning his name Adam lays down flat on his back and brings the small girl on top of him.   He guides her pussy towards his hard cock and feels the small entrance.  He pushes into her and the girl gives out a loud moan as his hard cock enters into her soft small body.      He cums almost immdediatly with her on top ridding him hard and her cumming also.     They lay there for a moment before the scene fades into another.

* * * 

	Michael was laying in his bed when the door to his room opened.  He watched the most beautiful girl walk into the room and pull her shirt over her head.    He looks at the small mounds of her flesh.    Two small breats growing on her chest are all that proves she is approaching womenhood late in life.   The girl is wearing only her panties.   She lays down in the bed next to Michael feeling his hard cock pressing against her pussy.    She slides a hand under his boxers and starts to gently stroke his hard cock.    Michael lets out a groan as he feels her small hand on his cock.   He slides her panties down revealing her soft pussy with the beginnings of hair on the top of it.   He slides a finger into the pussy hole and the girl gives out a moan.
	She pulls down his boxers and starts to stroke his hard cock faster and faster.   He stops her and spreads her legs.  He slides on top of her and pushes his hard cock into her small body.  Surpise enters on his face at the tightness of her small body but soon he is thrusting and moving his cock in her pussy with out stopping.  Until he lets go and his sperm starts to flow out of his cock into her small body.   Renee also cums at the start of his release.  And then the scene fades to the next day.

* * * *

	Michael and Adam say goodbye to the people that they had gotten to know in such a short time and the story ends.


v.

	Michael stops the video and Adam smiles remembering the feel of the small girl Erin on top of him.  God how he had wanted to do so many things to that girl.   But they were making a small film for  a man that liked to watch young girls being fucked hard and fast none of the slow crap.   So they had made the movie to fit his needs.   Adam slides his hand around Renee thinking of her small body and what he wanted right now to make love to her.    Michael stood up and so did everyone else.   "Well that is a wrap.  Someday we will make the movie I have planned but not this time,  I have to get home emergancy has come up and I can't let it sit."   He stands up and everyone follows him out of the room.    Adam starts to follow but Renee graps his hand and he turns back around.
	He walks back over to her and sits down beside her,  "What's wrong Renee?"  He asks softly taking her hand.   
	"Do you like Erin more than me?"
	Adam softly laughs and wraps his sister into his arms,  "No Renee I don't.  I like her body a lot yes, but I like your body a lot also.   But I love you Renee  I don't love Erin, you know that."
	Renee smiles and says,  "I know I just wanted to hear you say it.   Make love to me Adam."
	He smiles and picks his sister up in his arms.  Adam carries her upstairs to the room that they were borowing and lays her down on the bed.  He slids his hand though her hair and whispers to his sister,  "I love you."   They gently kiss on the lips letting there tounges meet in her mouth and then in his.   Adams hand slides down his sisters body and gently undoes the first two buttons on her shirt.   He slides his hand under her shirt and feels her small breasts though the training bra she was wearing.   He gently undoes all the buttons on the shirt as they continue to kiss.  He feels her hand slide under his shirt and start to rub his back.  He pulls her shirt off and looks down at the small mounds rising on her chest, her flat stomach.  "You are so beautiful." He whispers as he kisses her deeply on the lips.
	Adam undoes the small training bra and looks down at the two softly rising mounds of flesh on her chest.  He gently takes one in his hand and cups it and feel the texture of the small breast.   He gently brings his mouth down to the breast and sucks on the nipple until it is hard.   Renee closes her eyes and just enjoys the feel of her brothers explorations.   He gently does the same to the other breast.   Then he bits both nipples softly she groans out his name.   Adam slies his hand under her shorts and over her panties.   He gently rubs her pussy feeling the wetness though the panties.   He pulls his hand back out and unbuttons her shorts.  He pulls the zipper down and then slides the shorts off of his sisters body.    Down over her thin bony legs.  He looks at her small body and smiles. All that remains on her are her socks and a pair of panties.
	Adam gently pulls the panties down revealing her small pussy the pussy that always made him hard and made all of his dreams come true.   Adam lays down next to her spreading her legs.  He lets his hand guide down over her body,  "You know Renee,"  he begins softly.  "I have wanted  you since you were nine years old and I never thought I would ever have you.  And now that I have you I realize that you are the only one I will ever love this way."  She smiles and kisses his cheek softly.   Adam licks around her belly button and then goes down inbetween her legs.   He gently runs his tounge over the outside of the slit and around her erect clit.   Then he dips it into her pussy hole tasting the jucies of her body.  He then starts to repeat the process until he can feel his sister is close to cumming.  Then he buries his face in her mound and gently starts to thurst his tounge in and out of her pussy.   She cries out his name as he feels her hands grip in his hair.  She thursts her pussy against his lips as she cums.  Her juices flow over his tounge and into his mouth.
	When she finishes Adam comes back up to her and gently kisses her lips.  Renee smiles and slides a hand under his shirt as they continue to kiss.   She slips the shirt over his head and gently runs her tounge over his two nipples.    Then she gently bites them.    She runs her tounge over his stomach and around his belly button.  She unzips his pants and unbuttons them pulling them down until they were off of his body.   She looks back up at his hard cock thorbing in his boxers.  Adam had not been aware of how hard he was until this moment and now he knew that he wanted his little sister to ride his hard cock.  She slips his boxers off of his body and looks at the hard organ again.   Then she goes up to it with her head and gently brings her tounge out to the tip.  Adam gives out a moan.   She slides her tounge up and down the length for awhile before she brings the tip of his hard cock into her small mouth.   Adam feels the wetness of her small mouth slide over the hardness of his cock and he lets out a loud moan.  The girl on his cock smiles as she contiues to suck her brother.  He knows that he won't be able to hold off much longer but Adam tries.   Then he thrusts his cock further into his sisters mouth and places his hands in her hair.  His cum just starts to flow  out into her small mouth.  He lets out a maon saying her name as he contiues to shoot his load into her small mouth.   When his cock finishes she smiles and slides her mouth off of it.   Then she lays next to him and they kiss for while with her small breasts pressed to his chest.
	Adams cock hardens and he knows that his sister is ready again for more.   She slides on top of him and lays her pussy down on top of his cock.  Adam feels his hard cock enter into his sisters small body.  He feels her small pussy lips around his hard cock.  He lets out a moan of pleasure and she smiles.   Her small pussy is already pushing aginst his hard cock as Adam places his hands on his sisters legs.   He thrusts into her and she pushes back. He feels his cock enter into her body the rest of  the way.  He  thrusts again and they both let out a loud moan as his cock starts to shoot cum into her small body.  He feels his seed enter his sister where it belongs and they lay there holding each other deeply as sleep over comes them.

vi.
(a month later)

	Adam put the last box down on the apartment floor.  He had transfred for the last year of  school to a new school.  He had been lucky all of his credits had transfered without a problem.   Adam sighed as he put the box down on the ground.   Renee's stuff had been moved in first about two days ago and then they had driven up to his college in a  small van and picked up all of his college stuff.    Now he was finished with it.  He walked over to the couch where Renee was sitting.  He sat down next to her and took her small hand into his larger one.    "Adam I have to tell you something. I didn't want to well go into it because I was scared of what you might do or how you might react but I feel that maybe I should tell you."
	Adam brings his sister into his arms and says softly,  "Renee you can tell me anything you feel you need to tell me, I will not get mad at you for it I promise."  He kisses the top of her head and relaxs.
	"Well the thing is Adam I am pregnant."   Adam almost went into shock.  Did he hear correctly did Renee say that she is pregnant?   No way she can't be she is so young and not ready yet.  "Did you hear me Adam I am pregnant."
	Adam stopped his mind from racing and said,   "What do you mean. . .how can you be pregnant?"
	"Easily,   you fuck me and well I get pregnant."
	"Is it mine?"
	Renee laughs and says,  "Yes Adam it is yours I am  two months pregnant and two months ago was the day that we first had sex."   Adam leans back on the couch in shock.   "Don't be surpised, mom got pregnant at 12 remember?"
	Adam smiles and wraps his arms around his sister and the growing baby in her body,  "This is great news trust me, but what are we going to do about the baby?  You have school and so do I?"
	Renee laughs and says,  "I already talked to mom before I got pregnant, she said that if it so happens that I do get pregnant then well. . .then she would help during the day while we are at school and when I start to show and it can not be deined that I am pregnant then we will pull me out of school and I won't go until the baby is born.    She smiles and lays her head on Adam's shoulder.    "This is so great.  I am going to have the man I love's baby."
	Adam smiles also and brings her in closer to him.  His hand slowly starts to stroke the bottom of her belly softly,  "A baby what other surpises do you hold for me Renee?"  She laughs as he continues to stroke the belly.  They kiss on the lips and are content.


THE END
(but not the end of the connected stories be on the look out for more.  But in the mean time I move on to a story that is all by itself and has no connection to Michael's Perversions.)
This story is dedicated to:  someone special to me...that is all I will give out.





















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
