Archive-name: Family/bro_sis1.txt
Archive-author:
Archive-title: Brothers and Sisters - Part One


"Okay, now I start, right?!"

His older sister Jean came close to him, almost rubbed up against him,
her face excitedly close to his, her eyes bright and shining and her
lips red and parted.

"Yeah, you start, you tell me what you want", he said.  He was 15 and
she a year older.

"I get to tell you, right?" she asked him.  Her nipples were hard and
he watched them slide back and forth under her sweatshirt.

"Yeah, you tell me anything that you what me to do."  He was smiling
too, but still hadn't touched her.

She pulled her sweatshirt up over her head.  Her brother gaped at the
taut tits she showed off, hard knots of arousal pointing the tips.
"Take off your clothes and lie down on the bed".

She started undoing her jeans, slowly, watching him.  He'd turned
around and taken off his shirt and then slid down his pants.  Then he
pushed off his undershorts.  Jean could see his cock hanging down
between his legs and then he turned around and she could see it all.
So that's what he looks like.  Wow, he has a nice cock!, she thought.

She sat on the bed waiting for him to go over and lie down.  He was
uncomfortable watching her stare at his penis and balls.

"Now, Kev, I want you to pick it up and show me how you jerk it off!"

His prick just lay there, small and cold, trying to retreat into his
sparse pubic hair.  He'd always thought it'd respond differently,
given the opportunity.  But it wasn't cooperating yet and he was
feeling distinctly weird to be be lying here with his clothes off and
Jean checking him out.

"Well, usually I sort of warm up, you know - fantasize about stuff."

"Yeah, what sort of stuff?"  Jean came over and sat on the edge of the
bed.  She reached over and gently took his relaxed balls between his
fingers, started to play with them.  "Do you think about girls playing
with your balls?"  She looked him right in the eye as she cupped his
warm scrotum and testicles.

"I think about that, I think a lot about them playing with my dick
with their hands. I like to think about that a lot, it gets me really
hard."   Kevin felt his young prick start to pulse and get half hard.
As it stiffened it swung around from lying sideways against his leg
and lay back on on his stomach.

Jean jumped back to the opposite bed and watched as his hands went
automatically to familiar positions, one wrapping around his cock, the
other cupping his tight young balls.  She watched as his fist started
pulling the loose skin on his prick up and down.  Her pussy started to
melt and she ran one finger up and down her moistening slit.

She was very intense and her excitement made her voice quiet and
trembling.  "I want to see you come, you know.  Sometimes I imagine you
doing it, like what it looks like".  He said, "Tell me what you think
about when you do it.  I really want to hear about it while I'm playing
with myself.  His hand and forearm were moving rapidly.  She had her
knees spread, flexing her hips up against her probing hand.

"Well, I always think of you jerking off for a long time, getting really
hot and then you jerk off really fast and your come starts to shoot out
all over you.  Or sometimes I imagine you doing it standing up, maybe in
the shower or in front of a mirror, holding your cock out in front of
you.  And your stuff comes out onto the floor."  He was thinking, well,
I've done all that.

"Have you ever seen a guy come?"

"No, but I imagine how much you come and how long it lasts.  So you've
got to come for me, I want to see you actually shooting off.  Tell me
about ways you do it, okay?"

"Yeah, OK.  I like to use vaseline.  I rub it onto my cock and then slide
my hands up and down.  It doesn't take much until I have to let it go,
cause I can't take it.  I shoot my cream straight up in the air, if I'm
lying down.  I like to see how high I can spurt it."

Jean was quickly rubbing her swelling clit, her fingers stiffly
working, sliding up and down over the length of it.  There were shiny
streaks on the burning red of her nipples where she had kneaded them
after pulling her soaked fingers away from her excited pussy.  "I make
a lot of noise when I come.  Do you too?"  She saw him nod, then he arced
back, tensing, and she saw him roughly playing with his balls while he
rhythmically jerked off.  After a second or so he relaxed, but kept up
his persistent masturbatory massage.

Jean said "I made a cassette of me coming and I like to listen to it
when I play with myself.  I like to think it's a girlfriend or someone
else and that we're watching each other.  Sort of like we're doing!"

"Then, when I'm getting ready to come, I'm pulling back on my clitoris
and rubbing the little sheath that it's in.  I speed up just before I
come and it sort of explodes and feels great, you know,  all around
there."  She wanted to tell him that she meant she really liked to put
a finger up her ass but she couldn't say it.

She looked closely at his cock.  The end was shiny and wet with the
abundant pre-come he was working out from his stiff adolescent prick.
Wet juicy noises slurped from the sliding foreskin that gathered up
the slick lubricant that oozed out as he frigged himself.  His cheeks
were flushed red and tremors jerked his body as his pounding fist beat
out a steady rhythm.  He was holding his cock in his fist more, still
playing with his balls, riding the sensations from his overcharged
prick and very close to coming.

"Jean, I'm going to come soon!  Have you ever used a dildo?"

He saw her blush, staring at him.  "Gosh, I don't know... well, OK...I
might as well tell you."

She saw him watching her pussy fixedly and as she started her story
she pulled her lips open with both her hands and thrust her hips up to
make her engorged clit show more.  She liked putting on a show for him
because she could see what it did to him.  What she was watching right
now, though, was how he was coaxing his cock to spurt.  The head was
quite swollen, shiny and taut.  He wasn't pulling his foreskin over it
anymore, just letting it bunch up underneath the flaring edges of the
purple-red glans.  He beat at his dick rapidly, holding the stiff
shaft vertical as he pulled his foreskin up and down.  She could see
every surge of sex that showed in his body as she showed him the sexy
ways she handled herself.  As she talked, she found ways of displaying
herself and showing him her wet pussy to continue making him wriggle
his prick and balls.  He was making low groans while he jerked off and
stared at her masturbating hands.

"I made a fake cock one day out of a candle that was just the right
diameter around to go up my pussy.  I heated the wax up in hot water
and bent it a bit.  Then I went to my room and got naked.  I was
really wet from holding this thing and thinking about it.  I had to
push it in slowly, it was really big.  But when it got inside I could
just move it a tiny bit while I rubbed myself.  The hot wax and how
big it was in my pussy got me so hot I was creaming as soon as I put
it in.  I playing with it for hours the first time and used it to come
a whole bunch of times.

"I do it sitting in a chair too, sort of lying down with my heels up
on the cushion.  I like to do it in front of my mirror and I watch it
slide in and out of my pussy.

"God, Kevin, you should see how big and swollen your cock looks! It's
soooo hard...you'd better come now, I'm ready too.  Make your sperm
shoot out when I come, I want to see your sperm shooting out, ok?  "
--
