Archive-name: Family/brosex.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Brother's Sex Slave


    I know I am a sexual slave, but I wouldn't change it for the world.
It all started back  when I was eighteen.   Sure, I  had been out  with
boys, but I was still a virgin and really pretty innocent at the  time.
I did know what it was to get  hot through and through every night.   I
would strip naked, lie on my back with my legs spread, and  masturbate.
One day while I  was doing just that,  the door to  my room opened  and
there stood my older brother.

    I got this sinking feeling in my gut.  I didn't know what to do and
all I could say was "Don't tell Mom." He said he wouldn't and then came
and sat on the edge of my bed.  He put his hand on my thigh and  slowly
slid it up to my cunt.  I gasped  when he touched me and he asked if  I
liked that.  I said I did and  he began to finish me off, all the  time
telling me what a mean little body I  had.  (I do have, too!  I'm  five
foot two, 36-23-34, and 107 pounds.) I  came like a cannon and he  said
he would come back and do  me the next night too.   This went on for  a
week but I always had to  be at the ready if I  wanted it. I had to  be
naked, on my  back, knees up,  and legs  spread when he  came into  the
room.  He said I would have to earn my fun, and he pulled his cock  out
of his pants.  Can any girl forget her first sight of a cock? It looked
so big, stiff, mean, and hard, and I was fascinated by it.  He told  me
to touch  it  and  I  could  hardly believe  how  soft  the  skin  was,
especially at the tip.  Then he told me to put it in my mouth and  suck
it.

    I could barely get it into my mouth.  He told me to take as much in
as I could and  suck on it and  move my tongue over  it. He told me  to
play with his balls and suck then too and he taught me how to jack  him
with my  hand while  I was  sucking him.   He  would say  "Be ready  to
swallow, because I'm coming."It  would gush down  my throat, so  salty,
and I wasn't really ready for it.   If some slipped out of the side  of
my mouth,  he  told  me to  lick  that  up  with my  fingers.    As  he
masturbated me he told me that when I could swallow every drop I  would
get a surprise.

    Now he would come into my room and sit on the edge of the bed and I
would kneel between his legs, naked, and take out his cock and suck him
off. Sometimes he  would reach down  and play with  my titties while  I
sucked.  One night I kept  down every drop of his  come.  He gave me  a
surprise.  He  got down and  ate me through  two orgasms.   It was  the
greatest thing that had ever happened to me.

    A couple of days later he came in and I sucked him off and then  he
ate me. Then he said, "I guess you know what's left." I said I did.  He
told me,  "If you want it, ask for  it." I said I wanted it.  He  said,
"What?" Finally I said, "I want you to  stick it in me.  I want to  get
fucked by you." All this timehe wassucking my titties and  masturbating
me, so my words came out pretty jumbled  as I was coming.  It was  then
that he slipped his cock up my cunt.

    I was surprised, because I thought it would hurt lots, but it  just
pinched a little.  He put my knees over his shoulders. I'm pretty small
so he got in  pretty deep that way.   I just loved  the feeling of  him
slamming into my cunt. I came again like a demon.

     This went on  for a  couple of  months and  then my  brother got  a
girlfriend. He didn't come and see me that much anymore.  I was  pretty
depressed by that. But one day he asked  me if I wanted to go out  that
night, I said I would, but it had been about two months since our  last
fuck, so I didn't expect anything sexual. I thought it was over.  Well,
he drove me to  a strip joint, and  I said I wasn't  going in.  But  he
said that I would if I wanted it that night.  I needed it so bad that I
didn't argue.

    We got a table by  the stage.  A girl  came out and began to  dance
and I started to get turned on.  It wasn't by the sight of the girl but
the thought of what  it would be like  to strip in  front of all  those
guys.  I doubted I  would have the guts, but  it turned me on to  think
about it.  I got butterflies in my gut and a twinge in my cunt when she
showed her titties, and then I  was really squirming when she got  down
to her G-string and guys started shoving money into it.

    We watched some more girls and my brother told me to take notice of
the one I thought was the best.   Finally a girl did a real good  dance
and I told him  so.  He told  me to remember what  she did.  We  waited
until she came on again and he gave  me a dollar and told me to put  it
in her G-string.  I didn't want to, but he said if I did I would get an
extra special fucking  that night.   When the girl  finally came  over,
she looked a bit surprised to see another woman, but she turned her bum
to me and bent  over and looked  at me between her  legs. I pulled  the
strap down and was about to slip  the dollar under it when she  stepped
back and made my hand slip down on her cunt.  She stood up and  laughed
at me and I took off out of there.

    When we got home I  got fucked as promised.   Then he told me  that
Mom and Dad were going away for the weekend and so he would like to see
me do a striptease. I was to get my costumes together and he would  get
the music ready.  He  fucked me every night for  the rest of the  week,
just like before.

    On Saturday night his  girlfriend came over and  he said she  would
watch too, because she  didn't want to  go into a  strip place but  had
always wondered what  it was like.   I  didn't want her  around but  he
talked me into it by masturbating me and promising me a good fucking. I
got a real rush out of doing it.  I watched their eyes when I took  off
my top and later when I took off my bottoms.

    My brother's girlfriend then said that she would take some pictures
of me. She  had a  Polaroid camera.   My brother  began positioning  me
while she took shots.  I wasn't too sure of it at first, but I soon got
into it.   Pretty soon I  was masturbating  for the camera.   Then  she
asked if I wanted to take pictures of her.  She had a pretty mean  body
too and was quick to get the hang of it. My brother grabbed the  camera
and told us to go at it together.   She put her arm around me before  I
could object, bent down, and sucked one of my titties. My brother  told
her to masturbate me.   I didn't like it at  first but started to  come
after a while.  Then she ate me, and the next thing I knew I was  doing
it to her.  Her titties were so  soft and her cunt tasted too good  for
words.  I even swallowed every drop of her juice.
--
