Copyright © 1998,   Spudboy.  ALL Rights Reserved
The following story is being published anonymously for the author (Spudboy) 
by Mr Double (mrdouble@mrdouble.com).  








Subject: New Story - "My Brother's Girl" (m/f teen yum)

MY BROTHER’S GIRL

   by Spudboy


*************************************************************
   Disclaimer:  If you don't like sex, don't read this.
*************************************************************

	Feedback appreciated, donations welcome.


Part 1 of ?

   Simply put, my brother Calvin’s girlfriend was a knockout.
Her name was Tammy McAllen, and she was one of the nicest and
sexiest girls at our school.  She was in 12th grade, like my 
brother, and she was going to turn eighteen in two months.  
She had dazzling green eyes, cute freckled skin, and the most
beautiful smile I’d ever seen.  Her hair was red, and she 
wore it short in what I call Egyptian style--cut even across
the forehead with long sides. She was tall and slender, with
a nice chest and a gorgeous butt.  Despite her looks, she was
a little shy, and I think I fell in love with her the first
time Cal brought her home.
   She was nice to me, but I wasn’t exactly Mr. Popular, or a
jock like my brother.  I was pretty sure I’d never have a
chance with a girl like her.  I was also two years younger
and a sophmore, and though I did play soccer, I wasn’t 
anywhere as built or even as good-looking as Cal.  In fact, 
he and I were about as different as night and day.  He got 
the looks and the muscle, and I got the brains (for what 
they’re worth) and the imagination.  By the same token, Cal
gets the girls, and I get the good grades.  Some deal, huh?
Anyway, they had been seeing each other for about two months,
and I was beginning to wonder miserably how far Cal had
managed to worm his way into her pants.

   Then, one fateful Wednesday, I found out.  My soccer
practice had been canceled, as our tyrannical coach had a
doctor’s appointment, hopefully have his head removed from his
ass.  I found myself getting home around three-thirty, a good
hour before usual, and when I noticed Tammy’s blue Honda 
parked in the driveway, I immediately became suspicious.  Our
parents didn’t get off work until seven, so that meant that my
brother and his girlfriend were all by themselves in the house. 
   Or, so they thought.
   Quietly, I unlocked the door and went inside. I really 
doubted that I’d catch them doing anything, but it was fun to
be sneaky anyway.  I walked down the hall to the stairs, and
had just started to head up when I heard a quiet noise from
the living room.  It almost sounded like a moan, but I told
myself I’d just imagined it.  But, after a split-second of
hesitation, I turned around and went to investigate.
   My heart pounding with suspense, I peeked around the corner
into the living room to see my brother as he squatted naked on
the couch over Tammy’s chest.  She had her hand wrapped around
the red, wet-looking shaft of his dick, and as she squeezed
and pumped it, he groaned and threw his head back.  I watched
in shock and amazement as my brother’s dick twitched and
spurted a jet of thick white sperm onto his girfriend’s
upturned face.  She was lying on her back on the couch with
her skirt up around her waist, her panties in a heap on the
floor.
  I felt a sudden burst of adrenaline, most of which seemed to
go to my cock, and my chin was probably scraping the floor.  
Even without my imagination, it wasn't hard to guess what 
they'd been doing.  I tried to get a look at Tammy’s naughty
parts, but I couldn’t because Cal was kneeling above her chest
on the sofa, blocking my view.  His cock was bobbing and
jumping twitching in Tammy’s hand as it squirted a few last
gooey wads of cum onto her chin.  She had her lips and eyes
tightly closed, and I couldn’t tell if she was enjoying it,
though it was rather obvious that Cal was.
   Watching my brother’s beautiful girlfriend take his hot
load on her mouth almost made me spew mine into my pants.  She
looked up at him with her bright green eyes, seemingly 
unashamed that several dollops of thick, stringy boy-cum were
sticking to her cute lips.  Her freckled cheeks were rosy pink,
and she was breathing quickly.  God, she looked hot.  Suddenly,
more than anything in the world, I wanted it to be me that she
was looking at.  Me who had just pumped a sack-full of warm nut
juice onto her homecoming-queen face.
   Cal suddenly groaned again, and I saw that Tammy was running
her long tongue underneath the purple head of his softening
prick.  She jerked it gently with her hand, seeming to want
more.
   "Sorry, babe," Cal mumbled as he got to his feet. "I’m late
for practice." Like the true gentleman he is, he grabbed her
panties and wiped the last traces of jizz from his cock, then
dropped them to the floor. "You’d better get dressed," he said,
tugging on his shorts. "My little brother’ll be back soon."
   She gave his back a disappointed look as he sauntered into
the bathroom, and I scowled at him as well. Frankly, Cal was a
pig, even though I envied him.  Well, as much as I could envy
anyone whose only sexual education came from watching porno
movies while guzzling beer. In fact, that was probably where he
had gotten the inspiration to spurt off on her face.
   Tammy grimaced and wiped her mouth on her already cum-
smeared panties, then swung her long legs to the floor. I held
my breath hopefully, but her skirt fell down between her thighs
before I could see anything. Cal came out and began rummaging
around for his football equipment, and to avoid being seen, I
ducked back down the hall and out the door. I went around back
so I wouldn’t have to see my brother when he left.
   Cal was usually an okay guy, but with girls he seemed to be a
real asshole.  He was so self-absorbed that I was surprised they
could put up with him. But, for some inexplicable, masochistic
reason, I’d noticed that a lot of women seemed to be attracted
to guys like that. His philosophy about sex also seemed to be of
the Get It Up, Get It In, Get It Off, and Get Her Out variety, 
which was a pathetic shadow of the things I’d do in his place.
   I’d looked at Tammy with someone else’s jizz on her lips and
I’d still wanted to kiss her.  Not just that; I wanted to ravish
her, pleasure her, make hot monkey love to her ‘till we both
passed out.  I’d treat her like the goddess that she was.  Cal
just got up and left her with his cum on her face like all he
cared about was getting his rocks off.  I don’t know what made
me madder, the fact that he treated her like shit or the fact
that she put up with it.
   I loitered around for a few minutes, wishing my hard-on
would go away.  I heard the door slam.  School was close enough
that Cal would probably jog there, but I kept listening for the
sound of Tammy’s car starting up.  After nearly five minutes, I
got tired of waiting and walked around front.  Her car was still
there, but she’d had plenty of time to get cleaned up by now.  I
walked inside and dropped my backpack down on the now empty 
couch, seeing Tammy’s purse sitting on the coffee table.  I
heard the sound of running water coming from the bathroom.
   I bent down and carefully opened her purse.  I had a sneaking
suspicion as to what I would find, and sure enough, there they
were.  Crumpled up white cotton panties, stained and gooey with
fresh nut-milk.  My dick had softened to a sticky lump in my
pants, but now it quickly returned to being hard enough to cut
diamond as I replayed the scene in my mind.  Damn, that was the
hottest thing I’d ever seen.  I closed her purse and put it back
in its original spot on the table, then practically ran upstairs
to my room and shut the door.  I dropped my pants and peeled off
my underwear.  My cock popped out, throbbing angrily and seeking
relief.  
   Now that I had seen my brother’s dick, I no longer thought I
was the runt of the family.  His was rather small, kinda short
and stubby-looking.  Mine wasn’t that big, maybe seven inches or
so, but it was probably at least two inches longer than his. A
fat lot of good it did me though, since all I did with it was 
whack off.
   And that’s what I planned to do now.  Tammy would leave soon
and I could jerk myself ‘till I was blue in the face, fantasizing
that I was me that had fucked her and popped off all over her
yummy lips.  I squeezed my rod firmly and it jumped for joy.  The
skin was taut and shiny, and I didn’t think I’d ever been this hard
before.  I spat in my hand and began to pump my cock with it,
quickly losing myself in imagining what it would feel like to slide
it deep into Tammy’s juicy twat and feel her cum around my pulsing
dick. 
   To be honest, I really had no idea what it would feel like.  I
was still a virgin, but somehow I doubted that screwing Tammy would
be similar to screwing my pillow.  I had a good imagination though,
and I imagined that it would be pretty fucking awesome.
   With a solid mental image of Tammy’s panting face and pouty,cum-
soaked lips, I lay back on my bed and jerked my meat until I 
blasted a geyser of jizz into the air.  I must’ve spurted almost a
dozen times, my sperm launching out and landing all over my stomach
and thighs.  It was an awesome cum, and I closed my eyes and
pictured Tammy licking my sticky jism from her lips.  I was still
so out of it that I almost didn’t hear the soft click my door made
as it shut.
   I froze, then almost jumped up as I realized what that meant.
Tammy had watched me jerk off!  I sat there in shock, not knowing
whether to be embarrassed, mad, or flattered.  I guess I was a
little of each.  I cleaned myself off as best I could with the
handy towel I kept by under the bed, and just as I was pulling on
some clothes, I heard Tammy’s car start and drive off.
   I sat on my bed and sighed.  Had she figured out I’d been spying
on them?  Maybe. I hoped she wouldn’t tell my brother about it, or
that I was jacking off.  He’d probably think I was some kind of
pervert or something.  It was weird, though. The fact that Tammy
had stayed to watch me cum turned me on intensely.  I didn’t know
what it meant, but all I could hope for now was that I wouldn’t get
busted.

   The rest of that week went by in a dull blur of homework and TV.
Cal was excited about his upcoming away game on Saturday, and I was
just happy that Tammy hadn’t seemed to mention anything to him
about my peeping or jerking off.  She hadn’t been by again, which
was probably just as well since I didn’t know if I could talk to
her without embarrassing myself.  She’d occupied my thoughts for
the past few days, stepping up even more often than usual to take
the lead role in my daydreams and fantasies.  I was pretty ashamed
about feeling this way about my brother’s girlfriend, but I couldn’t
help it.  
   Friday night, Cal talked to Tammy on the phone for a little 
while, then hung up with a frown.  Apparently she wasn’t feeling
well, and instead of maybe going over and trying to help her feel
better, Cal, in his usual sensitive way, decided to go out and party
with his buddies instead.  I just kicked back around the house, not
particularly feeling like doing anything, except for wanking myself
before bed as I fantasized about sucking Tammy off.  Something else
that my macho brother’d probably never done.
   I had soccer practice Saturday morning to make up for Wednesday,
so I looked forward  to having a few hours of peace and quiet while
Cal and my parents were at the game.  After practice I got home and
took a shower, then relaxed for a while in front of the TV.  It was
funny, though.  Every time I looked over at the sofa, an image of
my brother cumming on Tammy’s face popped into my head.
   The phone rang, and I reached over and answered it.  I was a bit
surprised when I heard Tammy’s voice on the other end.
   "Hi, David," she said pleasantly.  "I think I left something in
Cal’s room, and I was wondering if it would be okay if I stopped by
in a few minutes to get it." 
   "Uh, sure," I replied, feeling suddenly warm.  She said thanks,
then said good-bye and hung up.  I sat back on the chair and shook
my head, trying to think realistically.  It was probably just like
she said.  She’d left something and she just wanted to stop by and
pick it up.  Nothing else.
   The doorbell rang about ten minutes later.  I answered it, and
there was Tammy, looking pretty in a plain white T-shirt and faded
blue jeans.  She smiled warmly at me, but for some reason it made
me uncomfortable.  She chatted with me casually as she followed me
to my brother’s room, asking me what I had planned for the summer
as we went in.
   "I don’t really have anything planned yet," I answered, watching
her as she sat on the edge of Cal’s bed and crossed her legs, 
ooking up at me with an attentive expression.  Her green eyes were
dazzling.  "How about you?"
   She shrugged.  "I don’t know, maybe going to my parent’s beach
house with some friends, but I haven’t decided yet."
   "Beach house?  Sounds cool," I answered, leaning back against
the door.  We locked eyes for a long moment then I looked away
self-consciously. 
   "Uh, so," I asked, avoiding eye contact.  "What was it you
wanted to get?"	
   She smiled sheepishly and looked down at the floor.  "I didn’t
really leave anything here," she said.  "I just wanted to talk to
you."
   "Oh," I replied, feeling suddenly anxious.  Was she going to
confront me about jerking off?  Had she seen me spying on her and
Cal?  She didn’t seem mad, though.  A image of her sexy thighs
locking around my head suddenly flashed through my mind, but I
ignored it.  "About what?"
   She glanced at me, then back at the floor.  She licked her lips
nervously, started to say something, then stopped.  Her face
suddenly turned a dark red and she held her head in her hands,
smiling sheepishly.  "God, this is so embarrassing."
   "What?"  I asked, watching her with fascination and a growing
sense of arousal, though I didn’t quite understand why she was
acting so weird.
   "I’ve never...uh, I’ve been thinking...oh, shit.  I guess I’m
just not very good at this," she said, looking flustered. Then,
before I could react, she got up and grabbed me around the neck,
closing her eyes as she kissed me tenderly on the lips.
   This can’t be happening, I thought in total shock.  I was so
stunned I didn’t even kiss her back.  After a few seconds she
pulled away and bit her lower lip shyly.
   "That’s what I wanted to say," she said softly, looking me in
the eyes.  I felt my heart instantly melt and my dick begin to
rise.  I was still in shock, but it was starting to sink in.  She
was seducing me.  I had dreamed about this but never really
imagined it could happen.  And now that it was, I suddenly didn’t
know what to do.
   Tammy looked at me, her face falling a little.  "Uh, if you don’t
want to," she whispered, "it’s no big deal."  She started to step
back.  "Maybe it was a dumb idea."  She flashed me a grudging smile,
but I could see a touch of hurt in her eyes.
   That snapped me out of it.  I didn’t say anything, I just grabbed
her around the waist and kissed her, letting all my pent-up desire
surface as I gave her everything I had.  She held me hesitantly
around the shoulders at first, then locked her arms around my neck
and moaned softly.
   Her lips were soft and velvety, and I ran my tongue over them
before slipping it into her mouth.  Her tongue chased mine, and
darted back and forth between our two mouths.  I felt lightheaded.
Here I was, standing in my brother’s room, passionately tongue-
kissing his gorgeous girlfriend while he was grunting and sweating
on some football field, and I wouldn’t have stopped if my life
depended on it.
   After a minute, she broke the kiss and touched her forehead to
mine, seeming to want to catch her breath.  Her freckled cheeks
were a rosy pink color, and she was breathing quickly through her
mouth.  Her breath smelled like peppermint.  With her red hair and
fair skin, she suddenly made me think of a candy cane.  She was a
slender, sexy candy cane, and I couldn’t wait to taste the rest of
her.
   I turned, and pulled her with me as I backed over and sat on the
bed.  My eyes were level with her rapidly rising and falling 
breasts, and I tugged her shirt out of her pants and raised it a 
little, pressing my face against her smooth, flat belly.  I 
instantly fell in love with the feel of her warm silky skin on my
lips.  She smelled good too, like jasmine.
   Trying not to go too fast, I kissed lightly over her stomach and
then over her bra, my lips touching the soft curves of skin at the
sides that the bra didn’t quite cover.  I looked up at her, seeing
that she was watching me with an incredibly sexy expression.  She
looked really turned on, and that made me even hotter.  I wanted
this to be good for her.  No, not just good, the best.  Sibling
rivalry?  Maybe.  I knew that Cal had fucked her before, but I
wasn’t going to.  I was going to make love to her like she deserved.
   Tammy pulled her shirt over her head and completely off, letting
it fall to the floor.  There were little freckles on her chest, and
I kissed practically each and every one as I reached around and
rubbed her back with my hands.  God, I loved touching her so much,
I couldn’t imagine what making love to her would be like.
   Gently, I took her by the arms and lay back.  She climbed over
me on the bed and knelt with her knees on either side of my hips.
The cups of her bra rubbed against my shoulder as she smiled self-
consciously down at me, then reached behind her back to unhook her
bra.  She pulled it off, and I stared at her tits as they bounced
free practically right in my face.  They weren’t very big, but very
round and firm.  Her nipples looked almost like pink gumdrops.  I
raised my head slightly and took one into my mouth, hearing her
suck in her breath as I swirled my tongue around it.  I felt it
stiffen to a hard point, and I nursed at it happily for a minute or
two.  Tammy moaned softly every so often, her hands spread out on
the bed by my shoulders to steady herself.
   I eventually let her left nipple pop out of my mouth, then kissed
between her breasts before I turned my attention to her right.  I 
ran my hands up her jeans-covered thighs and over her hips in little
circles, moving slowly higher until I cupped the firm cheeks of her
ass with my palms.  I squeezed and kneaded them gently as I sucked
on her nipple, and Tammy groaned and began rocking her hips back and
forth, moving her butt sensuously against my hands. 
   At this point, I expected to cum in my pants any second, but I
was so turned-on that it would probably only be a temporary setback.
After another minute or so, I began sliding down under her until I
was sitting on the floor with my back against the bed, the crotch
of her jeans hovering inches above my face.  I slid my hands up and
down her thighs, but before I could rub my face between her legs
like I’d intended, she moved further up onto the bed.  I turned and
watched as she flopped down on her back and began fumbling almost
frantically with her jeans, unbuttoning them and then raising her
legs to pull them off.  I stared spellbound at her bare thighs and
semi-bare ass.  Like the rest of her, they were freckled, smooth,
and perfect.
   She slowly parted her legs, and my eyes widened even further 
when I saw the dark stain of wetness along the crotch of her powder-
blue panties.  She watched me intently as I crawled between her
smooth, supple thighs, stopping with my face scant inches away from
her leaky twat.
   Slowly, anxiously, I pulled her panties to one side, feeling a
terrific thrill as I got my first close look at a female crotch, 
which in Tammy’s case was an awesome sight.  Her mound was lightly
forested with short and curly light red hair, and the area between
her legs was nearly hairless, offering a perfect view of her 
gorgeous pussy. The lips were full and pouting, much like the lips
on her face, and looked equally kissable. They glistened wetly and
hung slightly open, just enough that I could get a glimpse of her
pearly clitoris and her pretty pink interior.  As I felt the moist
heat radiating out from her and inhaled the musky smell of her
excited body, another thrill shot through me as I realized that it
was me and me alone that she was this hot for.  Not Cal, not some
hunk, but me.
   My face scant inches from her overheated twat, I moved my hands
under her legs and back up to rest on her hips.  I looked up and
saw that she was looking back at me, her pretty green eyes wide
and anxious. It seemed I had been right about Cal's never having
gone down on her.  Eager to make up for his mistake, I  quickly
lowered my head to plant an open-mouthed kiss on her steamy sex
lips. 
   I slid my tongue over her swollen labia and caught them between
my lips, sampling her tangy, salty taste.  I rubbed my nose in her
soft pubes as I slipped my tongue between her slick labia, licking
gingerly along the entire inner length of her vulva as I felt it 
quiver and push out against my tongue.  Holly had seemed to be
holding her breath, but now she let it out with a long, deep moan.
   Though I felt almost overwhelmed actually licking Tammy’s twat,
I had often fantasized about doing this very thing.  I lifted her
legs, pulling her panties off to give me better access.  I kissed
and licked and sucked at her, letting her gasps and shuddering
whimpers guide me in the right direction.  I knew enough to start
paying attention to her clit, which was now poking out beyond her
lips, almost begging to be licked and sucked.  I eagerly obliged,
swirling my tongue around its swollen hardness and sucking at it
gently.
   That drove her wild.  Her supple thighs squeezed down tightly
on my head as she began gently bucking her hips.  She was making
short gasping moans with every breath, and soon her clit began to
pull back into her body.  I thought that maybe I’d done something
wrong, so I stopped and looked up at her.
   She gave a frustrated whimper and looked at me with half-
closed eyes, starting to grind her pussy at my face.  I doubted
that she even knew she was doing it.
   "Don’t stop," she moaned pleadingly. "Oh God, don't stop!"
   That was more than enough encouragement for me.  I renewed
my attack on her now sopping-wet pussy, slurping and sucking at
her delicate flesh and squeezing the cheeks of her ass with my
hands.
   After only a few moments, I felt her body start quivering, and
Tammy gasped something that I couldn’t quite hear with her thighs
clamped down around my ears.  She started shaking so much that I
had to hold on to her waist to keep her from falling off of the 
bed.  I felt a sudden flood of warm wetness against my mouth, 
sweeter tasting than her other juices had been, and I drank it
down greedily. After a few more seconds, she went limp, and I 
continued giving her delicious pussy soft licks and kisses.  Then
I began hearing a faint sobbing sound, and I looked up to see
that she was crying. 
   I stared at her in confusion.  I sat next to her on the bed,
not knowing what could possibly be wrong.  But then she grabbed
me and hugged me to her, sobbing in my ear that this was the
first time anyone had done that to her, the first time she’d
ever come. 
   She held me tight, panting and nuzzling my ear until I kissed
her with lips still wet from her juices.  She didn’t seem to mind,
and kissed me back fiercely, leaving both of us gasping for breath.
I felt great.  I felt like I was floating on clouds.  I had made
Tammy come, and that was suddenly the most gratifying
accomplishment I could imagine.
   After a moment, she sat up and tugged at the waistband of my
tented shorts, her intentions obvious.  My head was swimming.  A
girl wanted in my pants.  Correction, not just any girl, but 
beautiful, sexy Tammy.  I would have been happy with just sucking
her off, and I would have kept doing it for the rest of her life
if she’d wanted me to.  But she wanted more, and I wasn’t about
to say no.
   I got up and took my shirt off, then slid my shorts down,
feeling a bit embarrassed to be naked in front of her, though she
had been naked in front of me for a while already.  My cock
bobbed up, the head slick and sticky with pre-cum.  Sara stared at
it as if it was made of gold.  She reached out and circled her
hand around the shaft as if measuring it.  That was the first time
anyone else had ever touched my dick, and it felt great.  She 
ooked up at me with wide eyes and smiled.
   "It’s so big," she murmured, looking back to it and giving it a
gentle tug. "Bigger than..." she trailed off, but I knew what she
had been about to say.  Bigger than Cal’s.
   I felt embarrassed by her compliments.  My dick wasn’t really
that big, maybe seven inches long, but she acted like it was the
biggest in the world.
   She sat on the edge of the bed so that she could take it in 
both hands.  She pulled on my cock like she was milking a cow or
something, and I knew that I’d cum soon if she didn’t stop.  My
eyes roved over her body.  I looked down at her tits with their
big, stiff nipples.  I lowered my gaze to the red curly triangle
between her thighs and the wetly-glistening vertical slit of her
pussy.  It was almost perfectly level with my cock.  She took her
hands away as I moved forward, the head of my dick brushing up
against her slick opening.  Tammy spread her legs further apart,
and with a gentle push of my hips, my throbbing cock slid unguided
halfway into her hot and slippery hole.
   It felt incredible.  Her pussy squeezed my shaft tightly, but
she was so wet that it was almost like she was sucking me deeper
inside.  We both gasped as I slid in further, and I looked down,
watching my dick being swallowed inch by inch until my balls came
to rest against her tight ass.  God, I felt like I was in heaven,
and judging by the look on her face, Tammy didn’t feel much
different.
   I closed my eyes and groaned.  The sensations of being balls
deep in a girl were mind-blowing.  I felt the wet lips of her
pussy pressing into the skin around the base of my cock, I felt
the heat of her inner body all along the length of my shaft, and
I swear I could even feel her pulse.  I opened my eyes and looked
at her face.  She had broken into a sweat, and her eyes were
closed as she bit her lower lip.  God, everything she did was
sexy.  Very slowly I began to pull back, feeling the snug walls
of her pussy slide deliciously over my cock.  I withdrew until
only the head was still inside, then I stopped, hovering there
for a moment.  The air felt cold around my wet dick, making me
yearn to slip it back into the warmth of her body.
   Tammy opened her eyes and looked at me questioningly,
apparently missing the presence of my cock.  I looked into her
eyes as I swiftly plunged back in, her tits heaving and a low
moan escaping her lips.  I began pumping into her in earnest now,
trying my best not to go too fast.  I knew I was close to
cumming, and Iwanted this to last as long as possible.  I leaned
over her and sucked one of her nipples into my mouth, rolling it
around between my lips with my tongue.  Tammy was fucking me
back, her hips rising to meet my thrusts.  She was incredible.
My brother was an idiot to treat her the way he did.  I thought
I would faint from the overload of pleasure, but, not only
didn’t I faint, I kept going for a few minutes, much longer than
I’d expected to. 
   She was making little whimpering noises in her throat as she
clutched at my shoulders.  Just when I felt my balls rumbling and
my cock swelling to spew my load inside her, she groaned loudly
and I felt her pussy flutter around my dick, milking it as she
came for the second time.  I barely had time to yank my cock out
before it blasted a  torrent of sperm all over her pink and
quivering pussy lips.  I grunted, my teeth clenching in almost
painful ecstasy as semen continued to pulse up from my balls and
shoot out of my glistening cockhead, stringing long lines of
sperm over her pubic hair and over her flat belly.  As the final
spurt pushed out weakly, my legs gave out and I fell to my knees
on the floor, Tammy’s dripping crotch level with my dazed eyes.
   I stared in fascination at her jizz-covered pussy, my head
spinning from my orgasm.  I could barely see her red and swollen
slit under the heavy layer of sperm I had deposited on it.  I
would’ve loved to cum inside Tammy’s warm, clutching body, but
I wasn’t about to take a chance on getting her pregnant.  I liked
her way too much for that.  I grabbed my shirt and mopped her off,
cleaning the last traces of my sperm off her body with my tongue.
   I stood up weakly and flopped down on the bed beside her.  Her
eyes were closed, a look of complete bliss on her beautiful face.
She opened her eyes and smiled as I kissed her forehead, then she
hugged me.
   "Oh, God, David," she whispered.  "That was wonderful.  You’re
so different..."
   "From Cal?"
   "Yeah."  She smiled ruefully.  "Our little secret?"  She asked,
looking up at me imploringly with her lovely green eyes.
   "Our little secret," I replied seriously, then tickling her
ribs playfully.  She squealed and laughed, trying to push my hands
away.  I stopped tickling and started rubbing her belly, then
couldn’t resist lowering my head over her chest rubbing my face
between her smooth, soft tits.  Her nipples brushed my nose and
lips as I affectionately kissed and nuzzled her pretty breasts.
She ran her fingers through my hair, then after a minute she
pushed my head away gently and sat up,
   "I’m sorry, but I really have to go," she said apologetically.
She stood and began pulling her clothes back on.  I pulled my own
shorts on and helped her with her bra, disappointed that this had
to end so soon.  I felt like I could’ve gone on making love to
Tammy all day, and I hoped that she wasn’t having second thoughts
about what we’d done.  I really, really hoped that we could repeat
it in the future.
   She tucked her shirt back in, then smiled and gave me a hesitant
peck on the lips.  I followed her downstairs and to the door, where
she suddenly turned and kissed me much more passionately, sliding
her warm tongue into my mouth and squeezing my ass before letting
go getting into her car with a smile.  I watched in a daze as she
waved and drove off.
	I closed the door and went back up to Cal’s room and tidied
up, not wanting him to find any evidence that I’d screwed his
girlfriend on his own bed.  I felt a little guilty, but the
experience had been awesome, and I didn’t regret it in the
slightest.  I took a shower just in case that Cal would somehow
recognize Tammy’s scent on me, then I collapsed happily in front
of the TV again.  This had been the best Saturday I could remember.

















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com
site mirrors at:
http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/mirrors.htm

Be There.....