Archive-name: Family/brothers.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Brothers


    As he arrived home from work, Wayne was greeted at the door by his mother.
Not a usual occurance.  She had an envelope from his brother Jessie whose truck
was parked out in front of his mom's house.  Wayne tore open the envelope and
caught the keys that fell out and read the note.

"Wayne,
   I have to go out to the rigs until late monday evening.  Could you apartment
sit for me?  You can take my truck; just don't put too many new dents into it
ok?  
   The fridge is stocked, and I've gotten some new videos you haven't seen yet.
Have fun, but not too much.  

                                 Thanks Bro,
                                     Jes."

    Wayne thought that a weekend at his brother's more than made up for the 
shitty day he had at school and then at his job at a local supermarket.  Since 
he had Saturday off, he could enjoy the complex's pool, scope the babes that
hung out there and maybe invite his best friend Mike over and get smashed.

    He leaned over and kissed his mom goodbye and she gave him the usual 
warnings to be good and careful and for him to call her tomorrow.  He said he
would.  

    Wayne climbed into his brother's big 4-wheel-drive truck and drove to "his"
apartment for the weekend.  He waved goodbye to his mom as he left.  On his 
way he thought how great his brother was.  Ever since his dad split when he was
ten, Jes was there for him.  Just last month when Wayne found out his first
serious girlfriend was fucking some jock, Jes was there to keep him from
killing someone.

    He explored the apartment some when he got in.  The fridge was indeed
well stocked - at least two cases of beer, a loaf of bread and some jelly.
Wayne checked out the video case.  He went straigt for the prono section, 
selected one he hadn't seen and settled down on the sofa with a beer for
an evening of entertainment he couldn't get at home.

    Around ten, the fatigue of the day on top of a few beers convinced Wayne
that sleep wasn't a bad thing.  He shut the TV off and after releiving the
urge that was growing in his groin during the flick, he went to bed.  
Ordinarily, Wayne slept in his briefs, but when he was here he slept in the 
buff.  He liked the sensation of the sheets directly on his sesitive areas.

    Had Jessie's girlfriend, Kim, bothered to check her messages before going
over to visit, she would have known that he wouldn't be around until Monday.
However, she was in a bit of a playful mood after finishing her 3-11 shift
at the hospital. She was 26, five years older than Jes who was five years older
than his brother.

    Kim saw Jes' truck in front, so she let her self in when she found the door
locked.  The place was quiet.  It wasn't like Jes to crash this early, so she
thought he must have had a bitch of a day.  She decided just to snuggle up to 
him and make tomorrow a much better day.

    She saw him sleeping in his usual fetal position.  She slipped between the 
sheets as quietly as she could, snuggled up to his back and put her arm over
his body.  She realized something was not right.  Instead of a slight coat
of hair on the chest there was bare skin.  She softly leaned up and got a look
at the face of the man she was with.  She was shocked at first that it was
Jes' brother.
 
   Her first impulse was to get out of bed, put her clothes on and leave.  Then
her thigh touched a bare bottom.  She felt a familar tingling in her groin.  
She decided that tonight one brother would be as good as another.

     Meanwhile, Wayne was fast asleep.  He was dreaming a dream that involved
helium, floorwax and stirrups.  Same dream, different plot.  His symbol of
manhood began stirring between his legs.  He rolled on his back and began
rubbing the rising monster.

     Kim was pleased with the turn of events (no pun intended).  She gently
adjusted her position on the bed so she could take over Wayne's massage.
Wayne's hands didn't object to being replaced as long as his member was being
adequatly cared for - and it was.

     When she decided Wayne's organ had about as much blood as it was going to
hold and had been properly lubricated, she carefully guided the tip of his
missile into her aching canal.  She bagan long, but continuous bucking on his
rock-hard meat.

     Wayne at this point was in that twilight zone between sleep and 
consiousness. He wasn't quite sure that what he was feeling was in his dream or
real.  He didn't want to open his eyes and see that it was a dream - it felt
too damn good.

     But something forced his eyelids open.  "I thought you were never going
to wake up."  said Kim sandwiched between groans as her hole swallowed all of
Wayne's throbbing python. At this point several thoughts raced through his mind
all competing for equal attention for consideration.  

     First his brother's girlfriend is fucking him (which almost lost the
competition to be considered), second that he was moments away from showing her
how good it felt, third was what would his brother think, and finally, why was
she making me...

     Wayne moaned, "I'm gonna."  She giggled.  Not quite the response he 
expected, but undaunted he let loose of the flood gate that resulted in extacy
and finally exhaustion.  She rolled off of his diminishing tool and kissed him
hard.

     He was surprised that although he was beat, he wasn't the least bit sleepy
now.  So he kissed her hard and fondled her breast which up until now were
exclusively the domain of his brother.  They felt...

     She giggled again.  This time he was pissed.  He asked her why she kept
doing that and she shrugged her shoulders the best she could and said it just
felt good.  Just like sleeping with him felt good.  The last comment made up
for the giggles.

     She grabbed his hand and led him to the living room where she had him sit
 on the floor while she went to the closet.  Wayne's 16-year-old imagination 
was on overdrive as to what she was up to.  He was a little disappointed that
all she returned with was a video.

    After putting it in the VCR, she sat with Wayne to watch.  Startled, he saw
Jes slowly stripping then the camera turned to Kim.  Before the video was over
Wayne was treated to what seemed to him countless scenes of his brother fucking
Kim.  She turned to Wayne, kissed him and said, "I hope you two enjoy sharing.
I have a feeling you two are going to be sharing a lot."

     Breathless, Wayne struggled to reply, "We shared just about everything up
to now.  I guess it is everything now.  Watching his brother fuck got his
johnson up in a roar.  Kim was kind enough to introduce her toung to his Mr. 
Johnson.  They got along great. Ms. Troat swallowed his love juices.  He tasted
them as he kissed her and returned the favor.  She tasted better than his last
girlfriend he thought as his toung did its deed.

    She made breakfast the next morning.  Wayne ended up not inviting Mike over
but he did remember to call his mom.  The rest of what he did that weekend 
involved Kim.  The only time they left was to go to the supermarket he worked
at to get a helium baloon and some floor wax.  They improvised the stirrups.

--
