"Brown Nosing"
By: Phil Phantom

     We had just dropped our three kids off at a local theater
and pulled away from the curb.  Frank was in great spirits and
hadn't stopped talking since he got the news.  The job that saved
our home was his, at least for a three month probationary period.
The pay was nearly double what he expected, and he felt confident
of landing a permanent position.
     I was relieved, even happy, but I'd been in a silent stew
since leaving Blake Stone's office.  As soon as the kids were out
of earshot, I turned abruptly to Frank and shouted, "Do you know
what that son-of-a-bitch had the nerve to do?"
     Frank's dream balloon appeared ready to burst.  He said,
"Honey, what could he have done?  I was only out of the office
five minutes; besides, the kids were right there with you the
whole time."
     "Frank, it wasn't me he did anything to.  That bastard
fondled Sherry.  He pulled her up on his lap and fondled her
right in front of me."
     "Honey, calm down.  Just what are you calling fondling?  I
saw her on his lap when I came back.  She looked fine to me."
     I scooted up next to Frank and grabbed his right hand.  I
brought it up under my skirt, clear to the tops of my thighs, and
said, "What do you call this?"
     He smiled a devilish grin and rubbed my inner thigh, saying,
"I call it my lucky day."  I knew right away that placing his
hand near my vagina was a mistake.  He was in far to good of
spirit not to take advantage of my one major weakness: I have
never been able to say no once my pussy gets stimulated.  He
said, "Honey, I know he never put his hand this far up a
twelve-year-old's leg."
     "This is where he started."  I jammed his hand between my
legs, saying, "This is where it was most of the time.  Don't tell
me I didn't see it, either.  I was sitting three feet from him,
and he was facing me with her legs straddling his."  Frank's hand
cupped my sex, pressing along my wet slit with his middle finger.
In a much quieter tone, I said, "Frank.  What are you doing? 
Didn't you hear me?  Your new boss did this to our little girl. 
Pete and Sandy saw it too.  He was leering at me the whole time,
challenging me to say something."
     "But you didn't, right."
     "No!  I was too stunned.  He did it to show me he could do
it and get away with it.  It was like he was saying, "How badly
do you want this job?"
     "And your silence told him.  I'm not that surprised.  They
way you begged and pleaded for my job, I thought you were about
to drop to your knees and go for his zipper.  He didn't need to
know how desperate we were."  
     Frank began fondling my pussy.  I said, "Frank, stop doing
that.  This is serious."
     "No, I want to determine exactly what he did.  Is this all
he did, hold his hand between her legs?"
     "No, and I could see everything.  Her skirt was bunched up
in her lap.  We all had a clear view of his meaty fingers
squeezing her vagina."
     "Like this?"  Frank's hand palmed the full plane of my sex
and gave a big squeeze, repeating it several times in succession.
I slumped back in the seat as he asked,  "Is this all he did?"
     "No, he drew his middle finger up her cleft, pushing the
crotch of her panties between her lips."
     "Like this?"
     "Yes!   He did that for quite a while, stroking, stroking,
pushing deeper.  Yes! Yes! Like that."
     "And did Sherry's panties get wet like yours are?"
     "Yes, they were sopping wet.  You could see right through
them.  We could see her lips mold around his finger as he stroked
her pussy."
     "Her pussy, huh?"
     "Yes, her pussy.  A vagina that starts drooling is a pussy,
a cunt, a twat."
     "And Sherry had a pussy."  I bit my lower lip and just
nodded.  "Okay, did he do anything else?"
     "Yes, he slipped his index finger under the leg-band of her
panties, and we saw it dip between her lips."
     "Like this?"
     "Yes, he hooked his finger inside her little hole, Frank. 
Yes, he did that, just pulled and distorted it, occasionally
running up to her little clit and rubbing it.  Yes, Oh God, yes!"
     "And of course, you said nothing."
     "No!  I watched.  I was mesmerized until Pete placed his
hand on my leg, just above my knee, staring at his sister's
crotch the whole time.  Frank, he was so bold.  He's never
touched me like that before.  He kept squeezing and rubbing,
slowly inching up, pushing my skirt up.  Mr. Stone was staring at
Pete's hand and smiling.  He could probably see my panties.  Pete
managed to get his hand way down on the inside of my thigh, not
three inches from my panties."
     "Your wet panties?"
     "Fuck, yes, they were wet!  I had to place my hand on Pete's
to get him to ease up."
     "You didn't take his hand away?"
     "No, I was so confused.  I only knew I had to stop him from
going any further.  Poor Sandy didn't know who to watch.  Her
eyes darted from my leg to Sherry's pussy and back..  For a
fifteen-year-old honor student and born-again Christian, she took
it all rather well."
     "Did Pete stop?"
     "He didn't stop kneading and squeezing, but he stopped
advancing on my crotch. That is, until Mr. Stone reached over
with his other hand and ripped the crotch out of Sherry's
panties.  When he did that and exposed Sherry's hairless, wet,
pink slit, Pete squeezed so hard it hurt.  When Stone started
jabbing his stubby finger in and out of her hole real fast, and
Sherry drew her legs up and laid her knees out, Pete made a grab
for my twat.  I clamped my legs together on his hand and held his
wrist.  His fingers were clawing at my crotch, driving me mad. 
Sandy just sat there with her mouth open."  
     Frank mimicked the story's action by rapidly finger-fucking
me.  I cried out, "Oh, yes, honey!  Do that harder.  Make me cum,
sweetheart.  You should have seen your little girl; she was
shameless.  Yes, yes!"
     I shuddered out a terrific climax, then collapsed my head on
Frank's shoulder.  I took a few minutes to catch my breath as
Frank continued to toy lazily with my pussy.  I turned dreamy
eyes up to him and said, "I really blew it, Frank.  I should have
said something.  What will those kids think of me now?  Pete felt
my vagina.  I couldn't help it.  You know how I get when you
touch me there.  I didn't do much resisting."
     "Are you saying he penetrated you?"
     "Well, yes, I wasn't quite as brazen as Sherry, but we were
both getting the same treatment and staring at each other's
crotches as it was happening.  I hate to admit this, but we came
about the same time, too.  I tried to hold it in, but you know
how successful I am at that.  How do I go back to being his mom
after letting him finger fuck me?"
     "Well, I can imagine what Pete thinks.  He probably thinks
you're wonderful, the best mom on Earth.  Not many moms let a boy
do that."
     "I can see why.  It could easily become habit forming.  I'll
bet Sandy thinks I'm some kind of slut.  I don't even want to
think about what Sherry thinks.  They're probably in that theater
talking about me right now."
     "I couldn't blame them.  I doubt they think any the worse
about you, though.  They knew what a bind we were in.  Hell, they
probably think you're a hero for landing me this job.  Now that I
know what went down, it's plain that you did.  I'm not qualified
for this job and you know it."
     "You know what that means.  This won't be the last time. 
What happens when he tries to fondle Sandy.  I can't see Sandy
being as complacent as Sherry.  He picked the right one."
     "Yeah, I'll bet she just melted in his arms from the
get-go."
     "Frank, she did.  That girl amazes me.  She had no qualms
about having his hands between her legs, and seemed to enjoy
having us looking on."
     "I told you that she was the one to watch, not Sandy.  Sandy
will still be a virgin three years after Sherry starts pulling
trains."
     "Don't talk like that about our baby, Frank.  She's just a
little precocious, that's all.  It's Pete that worries me.  This
scene affected him deeply.  It changed him some how.  Can you
imagine grabbing your mother between her legs?"
     "Well, it was a rather bizarre circumstance.  I can't see
him simply walking up to you and shoving his fingers up your
pussy."
     "I'm not so sure, Frank.  By remaining silent, I sent him
some sort of message I never intended to send."
     "I'll talk to the boy."
     "No, don't say anything.  I'm curious to see how he acts
towards me now."
     "Suit yourself.  I'll stay out of it.  So, what do we do
about the job?"
     "I don't know.  What can we do?"
     "All I need is a few paychecks, Bonnie."
     "Well, you can bet I'm not bringing those kids anywhere near
that office."
                          * * *
     It was my idea to return to the theater alone to pick up the
kids.  I wanted time alone with them, time to talk things out,
set them straight.  I had the best of intentions and a
well-rehearsed speech.  When Pete climbed into the front seat and
scooted up close, I froze.  Sandy sat by the front passenger
window and Sherry had the back seat to herself.  She talked
non-stop about the movie.  I waited for an opening to speak. 
Just as I formed the words, Pete's left hand dropped on my lap,
taking my breath away.  My whole body burned when I felt the
light touch of his fingers on my bare leg, just beyond the hem of
my skirt.  I could feel Sandy's eyes slyly keeping an eye on
Pete's hand.  Sherry hung over the seat back leaning over my
right shoulder.  With her head next to mine, she kept talking,
but her focus was on her brother's hand the whole time.
     I tried hard to concentrate on my driving, trying to ignore
the weight of his hand as it fell further between my thighs with
every pedal movement.  He managed to get his fingertips on bare
inner thigh flesh midway between my crotch and my knee.  I
gathered my courage to put an end to the charade, but each time,
delayed doing anything.  All the while, Pete teased my sensitive
skin with tiny circular motions of his fingertips and nails.  
     Had the three of them conspired to do this, I wondered.  Had
they discussed a plan?  Did Sherry dare her brother to try it? 
Sandy was conspicuous by her silence.  Normally the first to
point out someone else's wrongs, she sat in silence, watching. 
And Sherry, never one to be shy or let an indiscretion  go
without comment, seemed to be going out of her way to distract
me.  Working over those bizarre possibilities did more to
distract me than Sherry's non-stop monologue.  They appeared to
be working in concert.
     I began to entertain the possibility of doing nothing and
saying nothing.  I weighed the possible outcomes.  I imagined
driving home with Pete's fingers in my pussy while Sandy and
Sherry watched.  I fought this idea.  My horny pussy applauded
the idea and my legs joined the rebellion.  They relaxed of their
own accord.  As my knees fell out a few inches, Pete took it as a
sign of partial surrender.  He shifted position and changed to
his right hand.  His hand turned up towards my pussy and crept up
my inner thigh by several inches.  If there was ever a time to
call a halt, that was it.  Part of my mind screamed for action,
but a stronger part forced me to inaction.  By this time most of
my body parts were in the rebel camp.  Sweat beaded on my brow as
his fingers neared my pounding vagina.  My rational mind felt
trapped in a body determined to commit an outrage against natural
morality and decency.
     My traitorous legs gave another few inches and inspired Pete
to turn onto his side to face me.  He did not look into my face
but stared at his own hand, fascinated at its proximity to my
crotch.  My skirt was bunched up at the crotch, exposing most of
my legs.  Sherry had stopped talking and Sandy sat forward to
peer around Pete.
     I nervously guided the car away from any others, keeping a
close eye out for trucks and vans that could look down into the
car.  When Sherry stopped talking, I made a decision to allow
Pete to do whatever he had planned.  I turned off of the
well-traveled route, taking a longer way, going slow.  Pete took
this as a sign of my total surrender and cupped his hand over my
pussy, making me stiffen and draw a deep breath.  He squeezed and
molded the wet fleshy lips as Sherry climbed forward,
half-hanging over my shoulder.  I focused my attention on
driving, having to lean left to see around Sherry.  Pete worked
his fingers under the leg-band and insinuated two into my moist
cleft, seeking my hole.  He found it waiting and eased inside,
bringing a deep flush to my cheeks.
     I glanced over to Sandy and noted her obvious interest,
surprised not to see a look of scorn or condemnation.  Sherry
broke the tense silence, saying, "I can't see."  She reached down
and gathered the skirt above my waist, completely exposing my
pink panties and an inch of bare midriff.  Pete pushed at the
crotch material with little success.  He then tried pulling the
waist band below crotch level, but that failed to produce
satisfactory results.  In frustration, he grasped the waistband
in both hands near my hip bones and tugged, moving the panties
lower all around.  Frustrated, as they were blocked by my weight
sitting on the material, he pulled hard, fighting to uncover my
loins.  In a bold, impulsive decision, I brought my knees
together and lifted my ass free of the seat.  Pete deftly worked
the panties down off my ass and slid them down my legs to below
the knees.  I pulled my left leg free, letting the panties slide
down my right.  
     With Sherry still holding my skirt up, I was naked from the
waist down.  Pete went back to playing with my pussy with much
more freedom of movement.  He used his left hand to part my lips
and his right to explore.  I basked in the wickedness of it all 
and glanced over to Sandy.  Sandy had a glazed look of perverse
fascination which relieved me of my worst fear: her condemnation.
     At this point, I gave myself over to the full enjoyment of
Pete's assault.  He grew more aggressive and confident.  He
shoved my left knee out to the door.  My cunt yawned open,
obscenely and he inserted three fingers in my hole.  Sherry eased
lower and reached her tiny hand into my crotch, competing with
Pete's.  A verbal battle ensued as each claimed their rights and
their turn.  Having my kids fight over my pussy was by far the
most bizarre sensation I'd ever experienced.  The fight demanded
parental mediation, but I was lost in the moment.  
     Since first getting in the car, no one acknowledged me
directly.  They treated me as though I were a toy, an object, or
a woman under a spell.  I knew that speaking out, saying
anything, would break that delicious spell.  I glanced right and
observed Sherry's bare left thigh near my cheek, her ass sticking
up over the seat back.  My pussy loved being fought over.
     Sandy surprised me by jumping into my parental role.  She
reached back and slapped Sherry hard on the back of her right
thigh, shouting, "Back off, Sherry.  This was Pete's idea.  Leave
him alone."
     Sherry did back off, easing up and standing on the back
floor, still peering over while rubbing her thigh.  We have a
firm rule about hitting, and under normal circumstances, Sandy's
smack would have brought Sherry screaming to me for justice.  I
awaited the cry.  She protested, "I'm telling Dad that you hit
me."
     Sandy said, "Go ahead, and I'll tell him why."
     Sherry cried, "It's not fair.  Why can't I have a turn?"
     Pete said, "Because it's mine, that's why."
     My heart leapt in my chest.  I could not believe his bold
declaration.  A heavy silence ensued as they seemed to be waiting
for me to challenge his claim.  I had no intention of reclaiming
my traitorous vagina.  It had waved the white flag miles past.  I
sat passively while Pete crudely finger-fucked me.  He brought me
to a fantastic climax, three blocks from home.  Nothing was said
about the way I ground my cunt on his fingers and moaned out my
release.  As I pulled into the garage, Pete withdrew his hand and
adjusted my skirts.  After turning off the ignition, Pete reached
down and removed my panties from my right ankle.  He stuffed them
into his jeans.  
     He came around and held my door for me.  I led the way into
the house.  I took two steps and Pete ran his hand up the back of
my leg, cupping my bare ass cheek posessively.  I proceeded
naturally as the hand squeezed my undulating haunches.  Just as I
crossed the threshold, Pete used both hands to hold by skirt
high, exposing my bare ass to his sisters.  I ignored their
giggles and continued forward.  Pete kept my skirt up with one
hand in the small of my back.  He used the other to pry at my
cheeks, exposing my anus.  
     I had a decision to make as I neared rounding the corner
into the dining room.  I'd left Frank to study work papers and
knew he'd still be hard at work at the dining table.  I could
either wrest control from Pete, or let him risk his father's
possible wrath.  I decided to let Pete handle it (no pun
intended).  As I passed into view, Pete let go.  My skirt fell
into place, and the four of us trooped in as though nothing had
occurred.
     While the kids excitedly told him about the movie, I headed
for my bathroom.  I sat locked in my sanctuary for almost an
hour, pondering my situation.  I resolved to end the obscene game
at some point, but was in no hurry.  I drew imaginary limits,
telling myself that if he tried such-and-such, I'd do so-and-so. 
Even while setting these limits, I questioned my resolve.  Would
he press his claim to the ultimate?  Would he try it in private,
or did he like showing off for his sisters?  I wondered if he'd
begin on my breasts.  Would he strip me naked?  Should I even
bother putting on panties?  Should I tell Frank what was
happening?
     All of these things weighed heavily on my mind.  In the end,
I resolved not to tell Frank and to go about my business as
usual.  I also resolved to honor Pete's claim.  For the remainder
of the evening, Pete took advantage of every opportunity to
re-stake his claim.  Whenever out of Frank's sight, he rudely
assaulted me.  Sherry and Sandy hovered in the background.  I
offered no resistance to his groping hands and allowed him to
remove my fresh panties and to place me in any position he
pleased.  I can't tell you how excited I was the first time he
pushed my back to the wall, yanked my panties down and off, and
exposed my tits.  I stood passively accepting his breast mauling
while Sherry and Sandy looked on with smiling approval from a few
feet away.
     It was apparent that Pete intended to take his claim to the
ultimate conclusion and do so with an audience.  Having his
sisters see everything he did to me obviously turned him on.  I
sank deeper and deeper under his mysterious spell and knew that
I'd willingly grant him this ultimate surrender, even with my
girls watching.  The following morning, I arose early and primped
for him.  I shaved my pussy lips, washed and perfumed it.  I
fixed my hair and make-up and wore a sexy dress without bra or
panties.  With my highest high heels, I looked stunning.  Frank
noticed and made a crack about me going off to meet a secret
lover.  I smiled demurely.  On the way out the door, he gave me a
passionate kiss and rubbed my ass.  He detected no panty line and
reached under my skirt.  His hand went between my legs and
discovered my naked labia lips and my exceedingly wet pussy.  He
leaned back to look me in the face.  I smiled back with guilt
written in bold red letters.
     A smile broke over his face and he said, "Has Pete been
behaving himself?"
     I resolved to come clean with Frank, but there wasn't time
to bring him up to date.  I simply smiled and said, "No, he's
been a very bad boy."
     Frank smiled broadly and said, "Well, I'm not getting in the
middle of this.  You'll just have to handle it as you think
best."
     I smiled and said, "Thank you, sweetheart.  I want to handle
Pete by myself."  Frank smiled and eased out the door.  I closed
it behind him feeling like the luckiest and nastiest woman on
Earth.
     I prepared breakfast as the kids emerged one by one.  Sandy
came out first and looked me over, saying, "Wow, Mom!  You look
great.  Going somewhere?"
     "No, I just like looking my best."  
     While I turned eggs in the skillet, Sherry walked in and
stood at my left side.  She wasn't there five seconds when I felt
her hand creep up my inner thigh.  I froze stiffly as her hand
converged on my shaved pussy.  Sandy slapped her hand away just
before it discovered my coif.  Sandy said sternly, "Don't touch. 
You know what Pete said."
     Sherry fired back while rubbing her arm, "Pete doesn't care
if I touch it when he isn't using it."
     "He does too.  Touch it again and I'm telling."
     My heart beat a steady tattoo.  I loved the way they talked
about me, not to me.  I loved hearing how Pete enforced his
claim.  I forced my attention to breakfast preparation and
eagerly awaited Pete's arrival.  He came out minutes later and
studied me with hungry eyes.  Sherry and Sandy made way for him. 
Sherry pleaded, "Pete, you don't care if I play with Mom when you
aren't using her, do you."
     I wanted to hug that little doll.  She could not have
phrased that better if she had known what she was doing.  Any
anxiety I felt quickly drained away.  I waited eagerly for Pete
to begin using me.  He wasted no time and came up behind me.  His
hands traveled up the outside of my thighs, pulling his crotch
into my buttocks.  He wore only thin PJ bottoms, so his erection
was apparent and felt delicious, nestled between my lower cheeks.
He stands an inch less them me, so we made a good fit.  His hands
came around my lower front and dipped between my legs.  The
fingers delved between my legs and he discovered my denuded pussy
lips.  He signaled his approval by lunging his loins against my
ass, jarring my whole body.  His hands moved up my front, under
the dress, and cupped my tits.  He squeezed and molded them,
rolling my nipples between thumb and forefingers.  I swooned in
his lewd embrace, arching my back, thrusting out my chest, and
presenting my heated loins to his obscene grinding pelvis,
oblivious to my daughters who stood looking on at my sluttish
behavior.
     Pete brought his hands to the back of my dress.  He dragged
the long zipper down.  The dress hung limply.  He pushed the
sleeves off my shoulders and easily worked it down to my feet.  I
stepped free, naked in my heels.  Pete turned me to face the
girls and held out my hand as though making a presentation.  
None of my kids had ever seen me completely naked.  Their eyes
roamed my body, making me feel totally decadent and wicked. 
Sherry dropped to her knees at my feet and peered up into my
crotch, crying out, "Hey, Mom shaved her pussy for you, Pete.  I
think she wants you to fuck her.  Are you going to fuck her?"
     I knew I could count on Sherry to say something to humiliate
me.  I could have kissed her.  If Pete hadn't been thinking along
those lines, my silence in the face of her analysis forced the
issue.  Pete proudly said, "Maybe after breakfast, if she's
lucky.  Right now, I'm hungry."  He released my hand and I took
that as a cue to finish breakfast.  
     I cooked and set the table in the nude while my kids watched
my every move.  They sat around our oblong table as I dished out
the meal.  Pete ran his hands freely over my body whenever it was
within reach.  He pulled my chair alongside his.  Sherry brought
hers up on the other side of mine.  I sat sandwiched between
them, the three of us sitting across from Sandy.  Pete lifted my
left leg and laid it across his lap.  After getting a nod from
Pete, Sherry took my right and laid it over hers.  In this lewd
position, with their hands diddling my pussy, I tried to eat.
     I sat up straight with my chest thrust out, proudly
displaying my 36'Ds'.  Pete dipped his bread in runny yoke and
painted it on my left breast.  I cupped my hand under my tit
mound, offering it up to this lewd attention.  My nipples ached
with need.  Pete licked my tit and sucked my nipple.  Sherry
asked, "Can I?"
     He nodded and Sherry did the same on my right tit. 
Together, they lapped and sucked my tits.  My passions were at a
peak.  My eyes could barely focus on Sandy, but she looked
shocked yet intrigued.  
     After the meal, Pete moved me to the living room.  Sherry
and Sandy gathered around as he made me kneel before him.  He
exposed his six-inch cock and waved it in my face.  My hungry
eyes followed it as it neared my lips.  He pressed it to my
parting mouth and I sucked him in.  He fucked my face and came in
my mouth.  I sucked and swallowed.
     We took a brief intermission.   Pete turned me over to
Sherry after placing me on my back with my knees drawn up and
laid out.  My darling daughter had herself a ball, driving me to
ecstasy.  After ten minutes, Pete hovered over my loins, naked,
and displaying his new erection.  Sherry scooted clear as Pete
descended between my legs.  He pressed his cock to my wet
opening, paused for dramatic effect, then entered me to the hilt
in one lunge.  My daughters got on their knees along both sides
and observed from close-up the fucking of their mother by their
brother, and their mother's shameless response.  After he emptied
his balls in my sex-starved pussy, there was no question that I
was his whore.  He, in fact, put it to me that way.  I nodded my
acceptance.  Since that morning, I have denied him nothing, and
he has taken everything.
     Frank was elated at the news and insisted I relate every
detail to him.  Though Pete had to keep a low profile when Frank
was home, Frank wasn't home that much.  Three days after securing
the new job, Frank worked late then went out for drinks with Mr.
Stone.  They came by the house shortly after midnight, slightly
crocked.  It was a school night and the kids were in bed.  I
served beer and we sat around the table.  Blake Stone kept giving
me knowing looks.  I found it difficult to maintain eye contact
with him.  He hinted constantly that Frank may have a bright
future with the company.  Frank was on top of the world.
     After thirty minutes of idle conversation, Blake asked to
use the bathroom.  I pointed down the long hallway and said, "All
the way to the end and right."
     I watched him stagger down the hall.  Frank and I exchanged
smiles.  We thought we had it made.  Out of the corner of my eye,
I watched Blake returning.  Curiously, he opened every door and
peeked in on his way toward us.  When he came to the girl's room,
I nudged Frank and said, "Honey, he's looking in the girl's room.
Honey!  He just went into the girl's room!"
     Frank turned to look but only saw a closed door.  Seconds
later, light filtered under that door.  I took Frank's hand and
cried, "Frank, do something."
     "What?"
     "You can't leave him in there."
     "Honey, you heard what he said.  I could blow this job."
     "Frank, he may be raping one of our daughters right this
minute."
     "If anything, he's just fooling around with Sherry.  He
can't hurt her.  What ever he does, she'll love it.  I'm not
risking this job to save her modesty or virtue, neither of which
she ever had to start with."
     We sat in silence, listening.  We heard no screams, but five
minutes into his entrance, we heard noise such as would be made
by a heavy person on a child's bed.  I hung my head in my hands
and thought the worst, wondering why Sandy hadn't come screaming
from the room.  Blake was in their room for almost thirty
minutes.  He emerged with his shirt open, his tails out, his fly
down, and belting his belt.  I watched him dress there in the
hall and return to the table with a shit-eating grin.  He took a
long swallow of beer, patted me and Frank on the back and said,
"You folks are very hospitable, my kind of people, company
people.  I think you two have a bright future with us."
     He grabbed his things and left, leaving us speechless.  We
watched the door to the girl's room, expecting one or both to
come crying to us.  We were both in a high state of anxiety, just
waiting.  After ten minutes, I couldn't take anymore.  The light
was still on, and the door was partially open.  I eased up on it
and peeked in through the crack.  What I saw nearly made me shit.
Sandy was tied naked, spread-eagled to her four-poster bed with
two pillows under her ass.  She had her panties stuffed in her
mouth and pantyhose secured her arms and legs.  Sherry knelt on
her Sandy's bed by her hip and amused herself by dipping her
fingers in the mess oozing from her sister's fresh-fucked pussy. 
I watched her smear those juices over Sandy's breasts as Sandy
struggled futily.  
     I backed away and went for Frank.  Frank eased up and took
in the astonishing sight.  We watched for several minutes, then
returned to the dining room.  I said, "Christ, Frank, can you
believe the nerve of that guy.  He just raped our daughter."
     "His nerve, what about Sherry's.  She seems quite
pleased by the deal."
     "Sandy's going to kill her when she gets untied."
     "Not if we leave her alone for a while."
     "Frank, you're not suggesting we let Sherry keep doing
that."
     "Come on, Bonnie.  What's the harm?"
     I smiled.  We went back and watched.  Sherry never looked
our way and was having herself a ball at Sandy's expense.  Sandy
stopped her struggles after a while, giving herself over to her
lewd sister's fondling.  After a few minutes, her hips seemed to
welcome the abuse.  They met Sherry's fingers.  We waited until
Sherry induced an orgasm in Sandy, then made our presence known. 
I made Sherry get down, then started untying Sandy's bindings. 
Frank did her feet, looking between her legs the whole time.  I
released her hands and removed the gag.  Sandy said, "Mom, Mr.
Blake raped me."
     I said, "Yes, we know dear."  I cleaned her, tucked her in,
kissed her forehead, and went to Sherry.  
     I tucked Sherry in and kissed her smiling face.  She looked
into my eyes and said, "He raped her good, Mom."   I smiled and
turned out the light.
     Blake returned the following night shortly after one AM. 
Frank let him in.  He went right to the girl's room.  Frank
returned to our bed and informed me that Blake was at it again. 
We listened for ten minutes, got turned on, and screwed for the
next ten.  Blake let himself out after two-thirty.  I went in to
comfort Sandy and found Sherry bound, gagged, and leaking semen
from her cunt.  Sandy stood over her smiling down, but refusing
to assist in freeing her.  I tucked my little darlings in and
turned out the light.
     This went on for over a week.  Blake only missed two nights.
One night he arrived early with two out-of-town businessmen in
tow.  I set beers before them as Blake excused himself and went
down the hall.  Frank and I sat uncomfortably, carrying on small
talk with our uninvited guests.  After twenty minutes, Blake
returned carrying his shirt.  He motioned the first man to the
girl's door.  We watched him go in.  He returned thirty minutes
later and the second man made the trip.  When they left, I had
two girls to untie and a terrible mess to clean up.
     From then on, Blake was rarely alone.  Sometimes five men
waited their turns while I served beer and sandwiches.  At
Blake's suggestion, I wore only panties and heels.  I was the
warm-up act for my daughters.  I had to tolerate their groping
hands and lewd conversation.  By the time they left, I'd be a
raving, horny, mass of female flesh.  I began stopping off at
Pete's room and waking him with a surprise blow job that usually
ended in a fuck.  Before long I was staying with Pete all night. 
Pete found this wildly exciting and began treating me like his
whore even in the presence of his father.  Frank, far from acting
put out, loves the arrangement.  He concentrates on his work, and
I take care of the home front.  We have become a company family
with a bright future.    
     
The End
