Copyright © 1998,    Raybolt.     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.





Babysitting Richard's Grandkids Chapter 1
By Raybolt

It was a stormy Friday evening when I got the call from my friend Richard
that he needed my help babysitting his two granddaughters, Tammi aged 7
and Colette aged  9, for the weekend.  So I hopped into my car and got there
in a flash.  Both girls are absolutely stunning with their cute smiles,
beautiful blue eyes, and sexy hairless bodies.  Both girls have blonde hair,
Tammi keeps hers short, but Colette's hair is long and tonight she is wearing
it in a ponytail.  They both run up to me and give me big hugs as I walk in.
Grandpa Richard follows them and with a handshake, welcomes me to his home.

After some small chit-chat about how he has been and how I have been, we walk
into the living room and begin discussing the activities that he has planned
for the weekend.  The girls having disappeared for the moment, he tells me
about them and some of the games they like to play.  He tells me I can do
anything with them that I want as long as the girls don't object.  I smile at
him and my cock starts to stiffen as I think about some of the games that I
would like to play with the girls.

Suddenly, the girls come running into the room, both girls climb up on Grandpa
Richard's lap and whisper something in his ear.  He lowers his face to Colette's
ear and whispers something to her.  She immediately hops off his lap and runs
over and jumps on mine.  She scoots her body up onto mine, until she is sitting
on my hard lump.  She squirms around on it trying to get comfortable and I look
down to see that she is grinding her pussy into my lap.  I look up at her and
she is smiling at me.  I look over at Richard and Tammi.  The little 7 year old
has her legs spread wide and I can see her panties under her short skirt.
Grandpa has his hands on the little girl's naked thigh and is stroking her
gently while kissing her cheek.  I pull Colette to me and whisper in her ear,
"you seem to be enjoying being on my lap, would you like to play naked horsey
with me?"  She smiled and said, "Yes, can we play it right now?"  I said, "Sure,
why don't you start by taking your clothes off, while I get the horsey ready for
you."  She smiled and said, "Ok," and she jumped off my lap and began stripping
her clothes off right in front of all of us.

Grandpa Richard looked over and saw his 9 year old granddaughter stripping and
asked us what we were going to play.  "Naked horsey," said Colette.  Tammi looked
up at her grandpa and said, "can we play that too?"  Grandpa said, "sure, we will
all play naked horsey together."  With that Grandpa and I stood up and took our
clothes off as we watched the little girls undress in front of us.  We both sat
back down in our chairs and began stroking our cocks until they were nice and hard.

I then told Colette that the horsey needed to be really slick before she should
ride it and asked her if she had any suggestions how to get it really wet.  She
looked at her Grandpa and smiled, "I know how to get the horsey really wet."  With
that she dropped to her knees in front of me, reached out, grasped my hard cock in
her hot little hand and began stroking it up and down.  I looked down at her and
she smiled and said, "I'll get the horsey ready for a nice ride."  Then she lowered
her pretty face to my hard cock and opened her mouth wide.  I suddenly felt I had
died and gone to heaven as my cock disappeared in her warm and wet mouth.  She began
sucking and licking me like she would a lollipop, her blonde ponytail swinging from
side to side as she moved her face up and down on my stick.  Her saliva coated my
stiff rod and she made sure that I was really wet.  I grabbed the girl's ponytail
and began fucking her young mouth, but after a few strokes, I realized that I
wouldn't be able to give her a horsey ride if I didn't slow down, so I let go of her
hair and looked over at my friend to see what he was doing.

Little Tammi was so light that Grandpa had  turned her upside down and was licking
her sweet little pussy while the little 7 year old sucked his hard cock at the same
time.  She was having a little bit of trouble because Grandpa was pretty big and she
could barely get her lips around his big head.  Just seeing the little girl's pussy
being sucked made me want to cum, so I looked away from them and turned my attention
back to Colette.

I reached down and grabbed her ponytail again, but this time to tell her that the
horsey was ready for a ride.  She stood up and I reached down between her legs and
found that she was already very wet, so I ran my finger through her slit making sure
that her whole pussy was very slick.  The 9 year old shuddered as my finger found her
little clit and her little pussy became slicker each time I bumped her little button.
I then pulled the child to me, grabbed her cute little ass and pulled her up onto me
until she had my hard shaft wedged up against her little slit.  She positioned her
legs so that she could have some leverage to ride the horsey and she began moving her
little body up and down the length of my cock.

The little girl on my lap began to moan as I felt her little button peek out from
under it's hood and begin sliding up and down the underside of my rod.  She began to
rock up and down harder as I pulled her little ass harder  onto my horsey.  I looked
over and saw that the little one was now riding her Grandpa, too.  She looked very
sexy riding his large adult cock.  Grandpa was looking at me and smiling, he said,
"I told you we would have a fun weekend with my Granddaughters, didn't I?"  I smiled
back and said, "thanks for inviting me over, this is more fun than spending the
weekend on my computer."

Suddenly, Colette's body shot a little too far up my rod and on the downstroke my
cockhead pushed in her an inch or so.  To my surprise and her Grandpa's as well, she
began trying to impale herself on my hard pole.  I looked at Grandpa and said, "looks
like Colette wants to ride the Merry Go Round Horsey."  She looked at me and asked,
"what do you mean?"  I smiled at her and said, "the one where you ride up and down
the pole."  She smiled and said, "Yes, I want to ride your pole, it's smaller than
Grandpa's and I think I can get it into me."  I looked at Grandpa and he said, "Do it,
Colette, ride Raybolt's hard pole."

Hearing the encouragement from her Grandpa, she pulled herself up till I was just
inside her, and then she pushed down hard.  I felt her pussy take me in, then I felt
my shaft bump up against something, stop for a split second and then with a loud ouch
from Colette, she buried my hot cock in her no longer virgin pussy.  I was shocked and
amazed that the little girl had given me her cherry, but I quickly recovered.  I
looked up at the cute little fourth grader and pulled her face down to mine and began
kissing away her tears, licking them off her cheeks.  She opened her mouth and I began
kissing the child passionately, licking her lips, teeth, mouth and tongue.  When she
stuck her tongue in my mouth, I sucked on it until she was moaning for more.   I began
pushing the child off of my shaft until just the head was inside, then pulling her back
on until I felt my head bump her cervix.  Slowly at first then with building speed she
began riding me like a bucking bronco.

In all my years of playing horsey with little girls, I had never had one ride me like
this.  All of my hottest dreams were being fulfilled inside the tight, hot, and wet
pussy of this little 9 year old girl.  I watched as my cock appeared and disappeared
inside her young body.  I could see the little trickle of her cherry blood running down
my hard shaft, could feel the passion for this little one mounting with each stroke of
my cock plunging into her.  I knew I wasn't going to last much longer, but I wanted her
to cum with me so bad.  I moved my right thumb around her waist until it came in contact
with the top of her little slit.  I searched for and found her baby clitty with my thumb
and began rubbing it hard.  I took the middle finger of my other hand and put it into
the little girls mouth, where she licked and sucked it until it was nice and wet.  Then I
dropped that wet finger to her little ass crack and went searching for her little asshole.

When I found it, I pushed my finger into her and began pumping her asshole as she tried
her best to milk my shaft in her tight little cunny.  Suddenly, I felt her stiffen and
begin shaking, her little pussy clamped on my rod like a velvet vicegrip, and I could
hold back no longer.  "Arggggggggggg," I cried as my cockhead first expanded and then
pulsed as I pulled the little girl tight against me and emptied my hot spunk deep inside
her young womb.  I looked up at the little angel on my lap, saw the look of pure bliss
on her face as her body experienced her first full vaginal orgasm.  Those few precious
seconds seemed to last forever, and I was surprised at how much cum I had deposited
inside my little lover.

When we both had come down from the heights of glory, she collapsed on me with my cock
still buried deep inside her.  I was starting to soften, but her pussy began clamping
down on me and squeezing my shaft so that I never did go completely soft and in about
10 minutes was completely hard again inside her.  For those 10 minutes, we kissed,
caressed and cuddled in each others arms as I looked over to see what had happened in
the other chair.

Little Tammi and her Grandpa had apparently stopped to watch Colette's first fuck,
because when I looked up, they looked like they were just starting to get a good rhythm.
Tammi's baby pussy could barely be seen running up the underside of her Grandpa's big
shaft, but both seemed to be having a good time.  Suddenly Grandpa stiffened and I could
see the cum squirting from his shaft up onto Tammi's belly.  The little girl quickly
climbed off of her Grandpa and slid down his legs until her mouth was level with the
spouting fountain.  She quickly capped his cockhead with her 7 year old mouth as Grandpa
shot the rest of his load down her little throat.  I could see the little girl swallowing
fast trying to keep up with the flow, but Grandpa was too turned on having just watched
his 9 year old granddaughter lose her cherry and his cum burst out the sides of the little
girl's mouth.  The second grader kept swallowing until Grandpa Richard had no more to give,
then she licked up all of his stuff that had gotten away from her.

The little girl looked so sexy licking up that cream, that is probably part of the reason
I got hard again so fast, I could hardly wait to get my cock in her mouth and blow a load
down her throat, but at the moment, I had a sexy 9 year old sitting on my hardening cock,
and she had not only noticed that it was growing, but she had started to move against it
again.  Tammi looked over at us and saw that we were slowly fucking again, looked up at
her Grandpa and said, "It's not fair, they are doing it again, when do I get to take a
ride on the Merry Go Round horsey?"

to be continued??? if you like it that is...















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
