	 SEXUALLY EXPLICATE MATERIAL: NON-CONSENSUAL-RAPE

	  ********************************************
	    Copyright 1991   All rights reserved
	  ********************************************
In this story a large, powerfully built black man, through verbal
threats alone, forces a coed at a bus stop shelter to strip herself
and pose for him, then jerk herself off as he watches. He then rapes
her, makes her blow him, and sodomizes her.
	       *******************************

     He saw her outside the Science building, a tiny perfect woman,
all tits and ass, with curly red hair and bright green eyes,
striding purposefully, happily along, books loading her down. He
followed her at once, across campus to the dorm building. He hated
dorms, but on the other hand, the University was his prime hunting
turf.
     He loved to get these snotty, rich, know-it-all white girls
and drag them through the dirt, show them who was boss, show them
how low and filthy and worthless they were. This redheaded bitch
would learn that too. 

     Ashley blinked, then pulled her eye from the microscope's
eyepiece and rubbed her eyes. It was past nine. She had better head
home if she was going to get any sleep tonight. She slipped on a
denim jacket, scooped her books into her gym bag, then headed for
the science building's door.
     It was already dark outside and a little cool. She hugged
herself as she walked across the parking lot towards the bus stop.
It was a lot darker than usual out and she glanced around
curiously. The street lights were out, she saw, at least along this
block. She hoped the bus wouldn't drive by and miss her.
     She stepped into the bus shelter, putting her bag on the seat
and zipping up her jacket. She hated cold. At barely ninety seven
pounds she had no fat to speak of to protect her from the cold. 
     Of course, she was barely five feet tall as well, so she
wasn't all that light for her size.
     A man walked along the sidewalk. She kept her eye on him. It
was after dark, after all, and there was nothing around her except
the parking lot and the empty science building behind it. She
didn't like his looks, but it seemed he would pass by.
     Then he stopped and walked into the shelter. She stepped
closer to the other side of the shelter, giving him lots of room.
He was a big guy and needed it.
     She felt him looking at her and her pulse grew more rapid. She
cursed herself for being paranoid, then looked at her watch,
wishing the stupid bus would be early instead of late, like normal.
     "Hi." 
Her heart gave a lurch and she turned to look at him momentarily.
She wasn't sure what to do. Ignoring him would be outright rude and
insulting, but he looked rough and dirty... 
     "Hi," she said, as brusque and unfriendly as she could manage
without giving offense, she hoped.
     "What's your name?"
     "Sara," she replied. It was a lie, but she didn't want him
knowing anything about her.
     "You got nice hair, Sara. I love red hair." She had curly,
shoulder length red hair and he reached out and slid his fingers
through it on the right side. She shuffled forward a bit, going
deeper into the shelter, but he moved forward too.
     "You're  a real pretty little thing. You know that?"
     "Thanks," she gulped, praying he'd get lost, or that the bus
or anybody would come.
     "Always loved red hair," he mused. "Is it natural?"
She didn't answer, hoping now that ignoring him would discourage
him.
     "Hey, is it natural?" he poked her shoulder and she turned,
glaring up at him. He was well over six feet tall and must weight
way more than twice what she did.
     "Yes! Okay!" she snapped.
     "Don't get bitchy, Sara. Just wondered is all. So many of you
broads dye your hair a guy's gotta check your pussy to make sure
half the time."
She turned away again, turning her back on him.
     "You got a nice ass too. You know that?"
Her heart was pounding furiously now, her body tense as her fear
grew. Her pulse was hammering in her throat and she was breathing
in shallow little pants.
     "Real nice little ass," he sighed. "Nice body, in fact. You're
kinda little but you got a nice little body. Hard to see what your
tits look like with that jacket closed though. Why don't you open
it and let me see."
     "Please leave me alone," she said, her voice small.
     "Leave you alone? I ain't hurtin' you, baby. I ain't touching
you. I just asked is all. I wanted to see if you got nice tits like
you got a nice ass."
She turned away again, ignoring him, her skin tingling, light
headed with terror now.
     "Hey, I bet a guy my size would really squash you down, huh?
I bet you prefer fucking on top."
Again she didn't' answer.
     "Or maybe you like the doggie style, huh? You like it on all
fours, that round, tight little ass in the air. Zat it? Huh? Hey
Sara, I asked you a question."
     "Leave me alone!" she cried, turning and trying to dart past
him. He backed up into the entrance, completely blocking it as he
leered down at her.
     "Let me out," she demanded, her voice quavering.
     "Why? The bus ain't here yet. Hey, I bet you got one really
tight little snatch there." He reached towards her and she jumped
back, almost falling down in her haste to evade his touch. He
sniggered and folded his arms across his chest.
     "Real, real tight," he said, his eyes sliding up and down her
body. "Tell me what your favorite position is, Sara."
     "Please leave me alone," she whispered, hovering on the edge
of tears.
     "I ain't hurting you, Sara, baby. I just wanted to know what
your favorite position is. You ain't a lezzie, are you? You like
licking pussy, sucking on clitties, sucking tits? Huh?"
She turned away, looking in all directions for any signs of
anybody.
     "I do. You know, I wouldn't blame you if you liked that.
Nothing better than sucking on a nice titty I always said. Hey.
Tell me, You got big brown nipples, or nice little pink ones? I bet
you got nice little pink nipples, don't you?"
     "Please go away?" she begged, her voice breaking now as she
fought to hold back tears.
     "Hey. I'm just waiting for the bus, baby." He moved forward
and she cringed back into the far corner, her eyes wide as she
stared at him.
     "You ever deep throated? You know guys really love deep
throating. I could show you how if you want."
She trembled and began to weep. He grinned, his hand coming out and
touching her hair again.
     "Real nice hair," he said.
   His fingers slid through her hair with growing possessiveness, his
body blocking her back into the corner. She was sniffling and
trembling and looking down at the ground as he gripped the zipper
of her jacket and slowly eased it down until he could open her
jacket and look at her body. She was wearing a red button down
shirt. He looked at it for a few moments.
     "Looks like you got nice titties in there, Sara. Hey. Could I
see them? Huh? I'd really like to see them."
     She wept harder.
     "I bet that shirt would tear in pieces without half trying.
How bout you open your shirt and let me have a see huh? Come on.
Open it. Just unbutton the shirt for me, baby. Come on. Do it." She
was terrified he'd hurt her and her fingers moved, trembling and
shaking to the buttons. Her mind was blasted with waves of terror
and fear and humiliation and she couldn't think straight.
     One by one she unbuttoned them until she reached her pants. 
     "Pull it out of the pants and open it," he said, his voice
impatient. She did as he told her, shaking and whimpering, dazed
and fearful. 
     "Nice little bra, but I want to see what kind of nipples you
got. Let's see, baby. Let's see the nipples."
     She unclipped the bra and then let it slide aside, covering
herself with her shaking hands. Tears were streaming down her
cheeks now and her eyes were blurred by them as she huddled
miserably in the corner.
     "Let's see them," he demanded.
She slowly, tremblingly, pulled her hands apart and down, standing,
slumping in the corner, her head bowed, body quivering.
     "They're nice and pink, ain't they. Do they get real big when
your boyfriend sucks them? Or is it your girlfriend? Huh? Huh? Hey,
Play with them, Sara. Pinch them and roll them in your fingers. I
want to see them hard."
     Dazedly, she did what he ordered, her hands going to her
breasts, slowly rubbing her nipples as he looked down.
     "Why don't you take off that shit? Just let the shirt and
jacket slide down to the ground, baby. I want to see how nice you
look without them. His hands touched her clothes for the first
time, pushing her shirt and jacket across her shoulders, along with
her bra. They all slid down her arms and dropped off onto the
floor, leaving her naked from the waist up.
     "Now the pants."
     "Please," she moaned.
     "What?"
     "Please. Please don't," she wept.
     "The pants, you slut. Take off the pants."
His voice and presence were so menacing she thought she might
faint. 
     "Take them off!" he yelled. She screamed in shock, and her
hands quickly unsnapped her pants, then eased down the zipper. She
let the pants slid down off her hips to her knees.
     "The panties. Push them down, whore."
She pushed them down, sobbing loudly now, gut wrenching sobs that
made the tears drop down onto her naked breasts.
     "Whore. Look at that pussy. Sure is shaved nice. That's so you
can wave your ass around in those tiny little bikinis, isn't it?
Huh Slut? Whore? Take them off completely, and the shoes and
socks."
     She almost fell but got her pants and shoes off and huddled in
the corner naked as he leered down at her.
     "Nice body. Real tight I bet. You ever suck a cock?" Answer
me!"
     "No." she gulped.
     "You lying slut. I know you have. Ever take a cock down your
throat?"
     "Noooo," she wept.
     "You're going to, baby," he snickered, leaning closer. "Ever
get a big thick one up the asshole? Huh? You ever get fucked in the
ass?"
     "Nooo," she whimpered, sobbing loudly again.
     "You're gonna," He laughed.
He took her hand, pulling it against him, rubbing it against his
crotch, up and down. She could feel his hard erection inside his
jeans and tried to pull away. He held her wrist there against him,
grinning down at her.
     "Let me see you stick your finger up your cunt. Go on. Do it
or I will. Push your finger right up your cunt hole."
     She looked around as if in a daze.
     "Do it!" he roared. she jerked as if struck, then her hand,
her free hand, slipped down to her groin and she eased a trembling
finger inside her pubic lips, wincing as she screwed it up into her
tight, dry vagina.
     "Deeper. Bury it up your snatch, whore. Yeah, that's it. Jerk
off on it. Beat your little pussy, slut. Spread your legs more,
Sara. Wider. Now bend back, arch your back. I want to see those
hard little nipples sticking out. Yeah. Lookit them. Look how hard
they are, all stiff and wantin' to be sucked."
     Her nipples were hard, for she was freezing, her body covered
in goose bumps, trembling and shaking in the cold night air.
     "Bitch," he snickered. "Stupid little slut. I bet you want
this, don't you?" he squeezed her hand down harder against his
erection.
     "Don't you? Bet you want it up that tight, wet little gash of
yours, huh? Or maybe you want it up your ass? Let me hear you beg
for it."
     She wept and said nothing.
     "Beg for it," he snarled. "Beg me to fuck you. Beg for it!"
     "P.... p... pleeeasse... p.. pleease f... f... fuck me," she
stuttered, her voice strangled and weak.
     "Say it louder."
     "P.. p... please... f... f.. fuck me," she gasped.
     "Beg me to fuck you."
     "Please... f.. f... fuck m... me."
     "Beg me to fuck your asshole."
     She moaned and sniffled and shook her head.
     "Beg for it!" he hissed.
     "P... p.. please fuck... fuck my... my... ass...asshole," she
whimpered.
     "Well, I dunno. I bet its tight there, tight and dirty. Course
I fucked tight white asses before. Tell you what, you turn around
and bend over. Spread your legs and grab hold of your ankles, and
I'll consider it.
     "P... pleeease," she whimpered.
     "You don't have to beg any more, whore. Go on. Do it."
     She turned her back on him, trembling and shaking, slowly
bending over and spreading her legs. She shook and almost fell,
then bent way over and pawed at her bare ankles, taking several
attempts to grip them.
     "Straighten your legs. I want to see that round little ass
sticking up," he ordered.
     "Beg for it again," he said. "Beg for it, slut."
     "P... p... please... f... fuck... me,"
     "Get on all fours, slut. Get down on all fours like the bitch
dog you are. Yeah, go on. He shoved his foot against her ass and
she dropped to her hands and knees.
     "Raise that little ass, and spread your legs. That's it.
You've done this plenty of time before."
She trembled violently, almost throwing up as her guts churned. She
waited for him to get down behind her, to use her, rape her. She
thought of all the times she had fought to keep her virginity and
what a stupid waste that had been.
     "Reach back between your legs, slut, and play with yourself.
I want you to get all warmed up for me."
     She closed her eyes in new humiliation.
     "Jerk off for me. I want to see those fingers jerking off that
tight little cunt box."
     She reached back with one hand, her trembling fingers touching
her vaginal entrance, rubbing in jerky movements.
     "Harder, slut!" he snarled. "Rub that little snatch."
     She rubbed harder as he watched.
     "Stick your finger up your asshole!"
     The words struck her like a blow. 
     "Do it, you white whore!"
     She eased her fingers higher, up against her asshole, then
slowly pressed one finger against her crinkled little anal opening.
She felt her hand gripped tightly, his fingers pressing her finger
straight and jamming it into her asshole hard.
     He pumped her own finger up and down in her asshole as she
whimpered and moaned and sobbed. 
     "Dirty little whore," he sneered.
     She heard his zipper and her whimpers turned to tears again.
She closed her eyes and waited, trembling violently, then sensed
his movement behind her. She felt his hands on her behind, rubbing,
squeezing. A hand cupped her pubic mound then and began squeezing
that.
     "Nice," he said.
     She felt pressure against her pussy, the pressure growing
greater. She felt his cock sliding into her, forcing its way into
her tight, dry vagina. She winced, gritting her teeth against the
pain, praying for it to be over.
     "UUUUHhhhhhhhhh!" she cried, as he thrust forward. His cock
stabbed into her with savage force, ramming deep into her, smashing
through her hymen without even slowing down. She felt a deep
heartache at losing her hard held cherry and in such a way.
     He gripped her hips hard, beginning to jerk and twist his
prick inside her, ignoring her whimpers and cries, heedless of the
pain he was causing her. He threw his hips forward hard thrusting
his cock into the center of her belly, burying his thick, bloated
prong inside her.
     "Yeaaahhhh. How's it feel, whore? How's it feel with a big
nigger cock in your belly? Bet you love it. Don't you, slut? Huh?
Love it, don't you? Huh?" He slapped the side of her head.
     "Don't you?" he demanded.
     "Yes," she sobbed.
     "I knew it. I knew you were a cheap slut when I saw you."
     He fucked her with hard, brutal strokes, the pain almost
unbearable to her. She felt like she was being disembowelled,
ripped open from the crotch inward. She swayed and shook and bit
her tongue as he rutted into her with cruel strokes.
     "Uh, yeahhhh!" he grunted, thrusting harder still and then
giving as series of hard, sharp thrusts into her.
     "Oooh babyyy," he gasped. "You got it now. Got my juice up
inside you. Got my cum in your cunt box."
     She felt nauseous at the thought, yet also tremendously
gratified that he had finished. She hoped against hope he would
soon leave.
     She felt his cock pump a few more times but she could tell it
was softening. He pulled it out and she closed her eyes in relief.
     "Okay, slut, come with me."
He gripped her arm and jerked her to her feet, then dragged the
naked woman out of the shelter and across the street. Her feet
froze on the cold concrete as he led her onto the sidewalk and then
into a small thicket of woods on the other side.
     He led her in a few feet then through her down on her knees.
     "Suck it hard again, whore." He held his cock in one hand and
her hair in the other. He pressed his cock, oily and wet, against
her lips. She kept them tightly closed, staring at it in horror.
     "Suck it, slut!" he hissed. "Open your mouth or I'll break
your fucking teeth."
     She did as he ordered and he pushed his wet, dirty cock into
her mouth. Again she almost threw up but feared he'd kill her.
     "You're gonna suck me hard and then I'm gonna fuck you right
up your tight, buttery little asshole," he sniggered.
     "Oh please noo!" she sobbed, trying to pull away, tearing her
mouth free of his cock briefly.
     "Do it"! he snarled. 
     He gripped her hair and pulled her face in against his crotch.
He pushed his cockhead against her lips and she reluctantly opened
them, taking it in. He grinned down as the girl sucked his cock,
taking the whole thing into her mouth. That was easy enough, it
being soft, but as she worked it over with her tongue and sucked on
it, the long black snake began to thicken and harden.
     "It's gettin' hard, slut. It's getting long and thick. Soon
it's gonna be up your asshole. You'll like that, won't you, whore.
Won't you!"
     Her muffled moans and soft whimpering contradicted him and he
snickered in glee. He began to pump his cock in her mouth, sighing
in pleasure as his prong turned to steel against her tongue.
Finally he pulled it free, rubbing it across her face as he
chuckled.
     "Okay, whore. It's ready. Turn around and get on all fours
like the bitch dog you are. Go on."
     "Please! Please don't!" she begged. 
     "Shut up and do it!"
     "Please. It's sick! It's horrible. Can't you... can't you
just... just fuck me in the cunt again?"
     "I'll do whatever I want to you, slut!"
     He pushed her to all fours and knelt behind her, his cock
sliding along her slit, sawing against the tight slit.
     "So you don't want it up the asshole, huh, baby? Okay, beg for
it then. Beg me to fuck your dirty cunt."
     "Please fuck me," she gasped. "Please fuck my cunt. Fuck my
dirty cunt!"
     "You're twat? You're pussy? You're fuck hole? You're slit?
You're slash?"
     "Yes! Yes! Fuck my twat! Fuck my slit!"
     "With this big nigger cock?"
     "Yes! Yes! Fuck my slit with your big nigger cock! Shove your
giant nigger cock in me to the balls! Bury it in my dirty fuck
hole!"
     "Call me... call me masssah."
     "Please fuck me master!" she whimpered.
     "Not Master, Massah, like those southern nigger accents!"
     "Please Massah! Please fuck me in the cunt, Massah!"
     "What's your name, whore?"
     "Ashley, Massah!"
     "You told me before your name was Sarah"
     "I... I'm sorry, Massah!" she sobbed.
     "Does little Ashley want a hot nigger cock up her cunt pipe?"
     "Yes, Massah! Please fuck Ashley up her cunt pipe, Massah!"
     "You got it, whore. Reach back and pry your dirty little cunt
lips open for me. Go on. Pull them open."
     She reached back behind her and pulled her cunt open, shaking with
cold and fear.
     "Wider! Wider!"
     She moaned with pain as she opened herself wide apart for him.
He grinned in pleasure.
     "Now grab my cock and put it in, then back onto it."
     She used the fingers of one hand to hold her cunt lips as wide
as she could, then reached between her legs and gripped his thick
prong, pressing it against her opening. She shuffled her knees
backwards in the dirt as she slid her velvet sheath over his prick
and jammed herself back onto the shaft.
     She drove herself back onto the thing, impaling herself until
she had the whole thing inside her belly.
     "Now fuck me, bitch. Work that little white ass on my cock."
     She sobbed as she began to hump back against him. Under his
lashing tongue she was soon grinding her hips and slapping her ass
back against him with vigorous motions, jamming herself again and
again on his hard cock.
     Suddenly he pulled out, holding her in place.
     "So I've fucked you. I said I would, right? I fucked your
cunt. Now I want that asshole."
     "Pleeeeeassssee!" she sobbed.
     "Reach back and pull your ass cheeks apart."
     "Please, Massah! Please Massah!"
     "Do it," he snarled.
     The shaking, trembling girl reached back and pulled her ass
cheeks apart, whining and groaning in anxiety and fear. She gave a
short cry as she felt his cockhead pressing against her anus, then
gritted her teeth and gasped in pain as he put more and more
pressure against her sphincter.
     His cockhead slowly forced her asshole open and sank down into
her. She groaned and moaned and mewled in pain as his log sank
deeper and deeper into her rectum. Her ass stung and ached as his
giant cock slid further inside.
     "Yeahhhh," he sighed. "Nice little white ass meat."
     He gripped her hips and thrust hard, drawing a cry of pain
from the tormented girl as his cock drove deep. He drew back then
thrust again, burying his cock in her tight anal tube. With hardly
any hesitation, with no time to let her ass become accustomed to
his girth, he began to pump, tearing his cock up and down inside
her.
     Soon he was pounding his cock with savage force and speed,
sodomising the weeping, shaking girl with no regard to her pain.
His cock skewered her with terrible violence, ripping in and out of
her tight, aching tunnel. His cockhead pumped like a butter churn
in her anus as his hips rocked the girl again and again.
     Then he came, dropping thick, white loads of jism down her
asshole, sighing in pleasure as he felt the sperm shooting into her
trembling, spasming guts.
    He sighed and pulled out, then gripped her hair, twisting her head
up and back. He wiped his cock off in her hair, then threw her 
forward with a laugh. He gave her ass a squeeze, then stood up.
     "Not bad, whore. Thanks for the ride. Maybe I'll see you aruond 
again sometime," he grinned.
	He did up his pants, then, whistling, wandered away, leaving
the sobbing girl face down in the dirt and grass, naked.
