Copyright  (c) 1997 Pedros   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely distributed with this entire notice attached.  The author may be contacted through mrdouble@airmail.net.



WARNING: This is a story containing explicit sexual acts between a man and young boys. If
this is not to your liking or interests, don't bother to proceed.
If it is....I hope you enjoy.
This is obviously a fantasy ...................



                                            BEYOND THE DUNES
                                               (by: 'Pedros')



                                                     Chapter  1



          "Hey, Max. Come over here! Quick!"
       The urgent whispered call of his friend drew Max's attention away from the rock pool into
which he was gazing. He looked over the water to where Timmy was. The young boy was
scrambling down the small sand-dunes that lined the beach, seperating the coastal scrub
from the sea. Max stood up as Timmy splashed through the water towards him.
     Both boys were tanned, their slim bodies clad only in bikini bathers. Timmy's blonde hair
was almost white, his skin a golden colour, his eyes a bright blue. Max was darker all round,
brown almost black hair, brown eyes, darkly tanned skin. They were almost the same height,
weight and build even though there was nearly a year between them in age. Timmy was the
younger and hadn't yet turned eleven. He was puffing as he came up to Max.
     "Hey. You gotta come and see this, Max," he panted. "Jeez! I couldn't believe it. Come
and look." He began pulling Max towards the sandhill.
     "What's going on? Hey! Don't pull me! Hang on a minute and tell me what you saw." He
pulled his arm out of Timmy's grasp and stopped, making his friend turn around to explain.
      Timmy was quite excited and pressed his hand into his groin. Max looked down and
realised that his friend had an erection, his bathers were jutting out in front of him and he was
trying to ease his penis into a more comfortable position. "You've got a stiffy!" he laughed,
making a grab for it.
    "Yeah. You would too if you'd seen what I did," Timmy said as he avoided Max's lunge.
"You want to come see or not?"
    "What did you see?" Max asked, his interest now aroused.
    "Come with me and I'll show you. They'll still be there. You won't believe it." Timmy turned
away and headed back towards the sand dunes.
    "Hey! Tell me. Come on, dickhead!" Max complained, but Timmy kept walking away. Max
had no option but to follow if he wanted to find out what his friend had seen. To find out what
had caused that stiffy! He sensed the excitement in the boy ahead of him and hurried to
catch up.
       He and Timmy had been friends ever since Grade One and they had often slept over at
each other's house, had bathed together, looked at each other's sexual organs, touched each
other in play and in the bath or shower and, more recently, had seen each other's erections
as their bodies had begun to mature. They were not embarassed with each other but all they
had done was to look and touch. They had been hearing talk from the older boys that
suggested there was more they could do, and the pleasurable sensations they both felt being
touched by the other hinted at much more pleasure to be had. But they did not know what to
do to achieve it.
      They had come here on holidays with Timmy's parents who had a shack on the cliff tops
about a mile back from where they now were. 'Here' was a relatively undeveloped stretch of
coastline, inhabited by a couple of reclusive fishermen and a dozen or so shack dwellers only
during peak holiday time. At this time of year, in spite of the hot weather, the place was
virtually deserted.This was the second day of their holiday and Tim's father was fishing off
the wharf below the shack and his mother was resting, between swimming and sunbathing.
The boys had headed off along the beach to explore the reefs at the headland. Timmy had
decided to see what was beyond the sand dunes and had gone exploring. He had only been
gone for a couple of minutes so what he had seen was close to them.
     As the boys came to the top of the first dune, Timmy put his finger to his lips and
indicated for Max to go quietly. They slid to the bottom of the dune and Timmy led the way
towards a gap in the scrub that appeared to be a faint track heading into the larger trees
beyond the coastal brush. Max was dying to ask a lot of questions but Timmy's manner
indicated a need for silence and a sense of real adventure.
     As they approached the taller trees, Tim moved even more deliberately, avoiding the dry
twigs and leaves lying around. Max followed his example, his tread becoming more wary as
though they were stalking prey. The coolness of the shade, and the growing excitement
caused him to shiver. They were heading towards a thicker clump of trees and Timmy
crouched lower and moved off the path, finally stopping behind a thick bush. He squatted
beneath it and turned to watch Max come up to him.  When his friend was beside him, he
eased himself to the edge of the bush and laid flat on the sandy soil, his head peering around
the foliage. He signed for Max to copy him and the older boy stretched out beside him, their
bodies touching along their lengths, and Max looked over the top of Timmy's head around
the bush.
     He couldn't believe his eyes!
     They were looking into a clearing in the centre of a thick clump of trees and bushes. Soft
light filtered through the thin canopy overhead and lit the clearing like a stage in a gloomy
theatre. And what an act was being performed in that secluded setting.
     A young boy was lying naked in the centre of the grove. He was on his back, his legs
spread wide and slightly raised thrusting a tiny, hard penis into the air above him. Between
his legs was a man, wearing only a pair of bathers, holding a camera. As they watched, the
man lowered himself and took a photo from below the boy's knees up his body.
    "Okay, Jamie. That was a good shot. Now lift your backside up so I can see your arse.
Higher...yeah...that's it. Show me your hole."
     The man was turned at an angle away from the two boys but he appeared to be about as
old as Timmy's dad, which was going on thirtyfive, and he had a  nice body, his muscles
rippled under his tanned skin as he moved. His bikini bathers were low on his buttocks. The
boy looked to be only about eight or nine years of age. They could see along his body from
their hiding place and his penis and small tight ball sack was clearly visible as he arched
himself up for the man. When the man lowered his head again to take the photo, over his
shoulder they could see the boy's bare cleft and the darker indent of his anus between the
spread legs.
     Max felt his penis stiffening uncomfortably in his bathers. He reached beneath him and
eased it out from the confines of the nylon trunks and turned slightly towards Timmy to keep
his organ out of the sand. He wrapped his hand around the hard shaft and stroked the tip of it
across his friend's bare back. Timmy had his hand beneath him and Max knew he, too, was
holding himself. Timmy felt Max's cock touch him, knew it was his cock by the sticky feel as
it moved across his skin, and he wriggled back slightly against it to let his friend know it felt
good. He eased his bathers lower until his buttocks were bare and felt Max press himself into
the crevasse between them, his hard penis nestling between his cheeks. This was the first
time this had ever happened and it really did feel good, for both of them.
      Their attention was drawn back to the clearing by the man's voice.
    "That's really great, Jamie. I've got some terrific shots. Now we'll get some action ones.
Are you getting all this, Tom?"
      To the boys' surprise, the man looked towards where they were hiding and stood up. For
an awful moment they thought they had been discovered and they both froze. Then they
realised the man was talking to someone else in the clearing, someone else who was the
other side of the bush they were behind.
    "Yeah. Its fantastic, Steve. You've done really well, Jamie."
     A young boy who looked to be around thirteen came into view as he walked towards the
man and boy. He had a video recorder in his hand. He was wearing a pair of cut-off jeans
and no shirt. His body was smooth and slim. The man turned towards the approaching youth
and Timmy and Max both gasped as they saw his huge penis  jutting upright from the top of
his bathers. The large head glistened and there was a dark patch on the front of his trunks.
     "I'll just get rid of these and we can start," he said, pulling his bathers off and tossing them
onto a pile of towels the other side of the clearing. His erection stuck out at a fortyfive degree
angle, at least ten inches in length and as thick as the boys' wrists. Two large balls hung low
beneath it, jiggling with the man's movements. The boy still lying on the ground had his eyes
fastened on the man's organs and they could see a faint smile on his lips.
    "You go first, Tom, and I'll video. Get Jamie ready so he can take me. Then you can film
us. Sound okay?"
    "Sure. Jamie'd like that, wouldn't you? Mess around with me for a bit?" he said to the boy.
     Jamie sat up. "Yeah. I'd like that. You hurt me last time, Steve. You're too big
sometimes."
    "Can't help that, Jimbo. When you get older you will want a cock as big as mine. You like
it, though. I know you do, or you wouldn't keep letting us do it to you. Right?" He squatted
beside the boy and touched his penis to the lad's mouth. "This is what you like, isn't it."
     Jamie licked the end of the large cock and smiled up at the man."I sure do, Steve." To the
watching boys amazement, the young lad took the head of the man's penis into his mouth
and began sucking on it. The man groaned and grabbed the boy's head.
    "Jeezus, Jamie. You've got the greatest mouth. For a kid your age....Oooh! Suck on it!"
He turned to the teenager who was watching with a bemused expression on his face and a
sizeable bulge in his shorts. "I need to come, Tom. Photographing this kid has really turned
me on. You video this and then you can have your go," he panted. "Ooooh, Jamie. I'll be
coming in a minute! Keep going...keep going."
     Tom moved into a position to video the youngster's working on Steve at close range and
the two lads hiding behind the bush were able to see exactly what the boy was doing. The
man began rubbing his penis, stroking the skin backwards and forwards while the boy kept
sucking on its crown. Max pressed his own rigid shaft hard in Timmy's crack, unconsciously
moving his hips ever so slightly to and fro as he watched fascinated by the scene before him.
Timmy felt his friend's nakedness against him and he opened his legs wider until Max's cock
was pressing along his anus, the slender rod hot against his sweaty crack. He began rubbing
his own cock, sliding the foreskin back from the red tender glans. He, too, was mesmerised
by the scene in the grove.
     Suddenly the man gave a grunt and pulled back from the boy's mouth just as a jet of
white fluid spurted from his shaft. He arched his back, his muscles taut, as his orgasm
erupted. The streams of juice splashed onto the boy as he tried to get Steve's penis back into
his mouth. It ran in streaks down his face, dripping from his nose and chin onto his body. The
boy grasped the throbbing organ and closed his mouth over it again, swallowing rapidly as  it
continued its discharge. The teenager moved around them both, capturing the action closeup
on video.
        Max felt a tingling in his hard penis pressing tightly against Timmy's body and his
thrusts became more intense. He looked down and saw the end of his organ poking up
between the cheeks of Timmy's buttocks and was surprised to see clear fluid leaking from
the hole in the glans leaving a slippery trail on his friend's skin. He could feel Timmy moving,
his arm rhythmically jerking and he looked down the front of his friend's body from over his
shoulder and saw him  rubbing his erection in his hand, saw the same clear fluid leaking from
it as well. He was almost overwhelmed with excitement and torn between watching what was
happening in the clearing and concentrating on what was happening right here between him
and Timmy. Movement in the clearing drew his eyes back to there.
      The teenager had stood up and was unbuttoning his shorts. The man was kneeling with
his knees either side of the young boy's face and the boy had stretched out on his back, his
mouth open under the man's huge bulbous cock-head. The man was milking the last of his
fluids out and into the boy's mouth.
      Tommy dropped his shorts and walked over to straddle the boy, his back towards the two
boys behind the bush. He had a wiry, muscly body, tanned all over. He was not as well-built
as the older man but his body tapered beautifully from his shoulders down. The crease
between his tight buttocks and at the top of each thigh gleamed pale in the filtered light
adding to his beauty and accentuating the bronze colour of his tan. He moved towards Steve
and the man reached an arm around his hips and pulled him in to his face. The boys could
not see what was happening but they guessed the man was sucking on the teenager's cock.
His large hands grasped Tommy's buttocks and pulled them apart, his fingers almost joining
in the groove between them. Timmy and Max could see the teen's anus, stretched by Steve's
pulling, a dark mark against the whiteness of this part of his body. The man stroked his
fingertips across the sphincter and the boys saw Tommy thrust inwards at each stroke. Then
one of the man's fingers began entering the teenager's  anus and he thrust even harder into
the man's mouth.
                The man drew back and looked up at Tommy. "You've got the sweetest tasting
cock I've ever tasted and your arse is as tight as ever, Tommy. No wonder  you're my
number one boy. But we've got things to do yet and I don't want to spoil our video making
with young Jamie here. I need to have you fuck him. That was the deal we made with
Johnson. That is what we are getting paid for."
                  He withdrew his finger from the boy's anus and stood up,  his huge penis curving
out in front of him. Tommy took hold of it and folded it in his hand. Steve's balls dangled
heavily below and the teenager weighed them in his other hand.
                    "I know, Steve," he said. "But  you know I always want you. Oh well, let's get on
with the shoot."
                    During the time Steve and Tommy were involved, the young boy lay beneath
them watching intently what they were doing. His little penis jutted upright from his bare
pubes and his scrotum was just a tight bulge below it, a tiny patch of wrinkled skin. His eyes
never left the powerful organs of the man kneeling, then standing above him.
                   Steve took the camera from Tommy then moved away from them to the side.
Tommy continued to straddle the little boy and the boy's eyes settled on the teenager's
sexual organs, which, whilst still huge to him, were not as overwhelming as Steve's. In fact,
Jamie was looking forward to being able to play with Tommy and to eventually have
Tommy's cock inside him. And he liked being the centre of attention in these pictures and
videos. He liked the fact that men, including Tommy and Steve when they viewed them
afterwards, got turned on by seeing him being used like they used him.
                     Tommy squatted over the boy, his erection thrusting straight out from the light
bush of blonde hair at the base of it, his bare scrotum just brushing the little boy's chest. Max
and Timmy were still only seeing a back view  of the teenager but it  was enough. Between
his spread buttocks they could see his balls dangling and swaying with his movements. They
could see from  the little boy's feet to where he was hidden by the teenager squatting over his
chest. His lower body was totally exposed to them and they watched breathless as the
teenager reached behind him and took hold of the youngster's stiff penis, pulling it firmly
upright, stretching the surrounding skin of his bare groin.
                      Max could feel Timmy still rubbing his penis, the action causing him to
massage Max's own hard rod nestled between his friend's buttocks. His penis was slippery
with his own leaking juices and Timmy's sweat and he was gently thrusting it up and down
the slick groove.  He glanced down over his friend's shoulder to watch him  at work on his
cock just as Timmy suddenly spasmed and, to Max's surprise, and Timmy's as well, a stream
of clear fluid spurted from its swollen red head. The young boy grunted and his buttocks
jerked causing Max's penis to thrust against his anus. The slickness from his sweat and the
lubrication on the head of Max's penis, caused it to slide into Timmy's opening. The
sensation was indescribable as his penis was engulfed within his friend's hot tube and Max
felt himself tingle all over. Powerful pulses began below his testicles and he suddenly felt as
though he was urinating in bursts inside Timmy. He realised his penis was doing what
Timmy's was - it was releasing its first load of boy-juice, he was climaxing, 'cumming'.
                  As Max's penis thrust its way into him, Timmy felt a sharp stab of pain. The
feelings coming from his ejaculating organ though, over-rode that pain, it just seemed to
heighten the incredible sensations he was experiencing. His bowels felt full, as though he
wanted to go to the toilet and he squeezed his sphincter tightly around the fleshy plug. But
his main concentration was focused on his penis as it shot thin streaks of clear fluid onto the
sand in front of him. He knew Max had his penis inside his backside. He knew it, too, was
emptying itself inside him. He could feel it jerking. He could feel Max's naked body pressed
tightly against his own. He seemed to be only a mass of sensations, each individual part of
him lost in the totality of his pleasure.
                  Max was also lost in his own orgasm. His hands were splayed across Timmy's
tight belly, pulling him back against him. His penis felt like a tingling rod of iron inside his
friend, hot and hard. He could feel it jerking, could feel his testes contracting in rhythm, could
feel a throbbing from his anus to his glans and the almost burning sensation as he squirted
his fluids into Timmy like Timmy was squirting it in front of him. The sensation was
overwhelming and he could do nothing but let himself go with it. It was a little frightening as
well and he clung to Timmy more tightly, pushing himself hard into his friend's comforting
heat. He was conscious of nothing but the feelings of his climax and the erotic pleasure of
being so tightly naked against his best friend.
                    Slowly the feelings abated. The boys' breathing became less ragged and their
pulsating bodies quietened. They slowly relaxed, the tension flowing from them leaving them
drained. The sounds around them came back into their consciousness, as did the situation in
which they were in.
                 Timmy turned his head back towards Max and whispered,"Are you okay?"
                "Yeah," Max whispered back. "That was awesome! I hope I didn't hurt you."
                  "Nah. Just a little bit. It was great. But we better go quiet or those guys might see
us. We'll talk about it later. I want to see what's going to happen in there." He jerked his head
towards the clearing.
                 "Yeah. Me too. Do you want me to pull out of you? It feels good being inside you."
                 "Stay there. I like the feel of it. You can do that anytime you want. Hey! Look at
that!"
                   Max turned his attention back to the clearing, wriggling himself up slightly to see
around the bush. In their excitement their movements had caused them to slide further
behind the bush, which might have been a good thing, he realised. Neither of them had given
any thought to the three people in the clearing once their excitement had begun to peak and
they might have been discovered. As it was, the man, teenager and young boy in the
clearing seemed oblivious of their presence and were concentrating on their own activities.
Max watched in fascination at what was going on.




More to come....later..................
