Archive-name: 3plus/btstory.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Bedtime Story


A summer day somewhere in the foothills of So. Calif.  At a girls
school,  by the swimming pool,  Three girls were relaxing in  the
sun.  All  three were clad in bikinis which didn't leave much  to
the  imagination.   They all had figures that were worth  showing
off,  well formed breasts,  but not too excessive, slender waists
and  broad hips,  but none of that fattiness in the abdomen  that
can  look  so bad on a girl.   Margaret and Helen  were  slightly
taller than the average 21 year old girl,  standing about 5' 10"-
but Leslie was shorter about 5' 6",  however she was the older of
the bunch-23, and to be a senior this fall.

Suddenly,  a  clang of metal interrupted their sunbathing.   They
all looked towards the hills where the sound came from.

"Hey what's going on up there?" asked Margaret.   "I don't know",
answered Helen.   "Looks like they are putting up a tower of some
kind",  Offered  Leslie.  "Boy I sure wouldn't want to do  that",
said  Margaret,  looking at the two men who were half way up  the
tower.  "That blonde one is kinda cute", said Helen.  "Well, I'll
take  the brown haired one,  then,  If you don't want  him,  said
Margaret.   The  girls had reason to be interested in these  men,
they  had  gotten  quite muscular over the years  putting  up  TV
towers,  and were stripped to the waist and had developed a  rich
golden  tan.   "You girls always like those body builders,  and I
don't see why, when you get in bed with them, it's one-two-screw,
and they are all done.   They never give you a chance to get off"
objected Leslie.   "Well,  maybe that one might be more suited to
your tastes",  said Helen.   "Which one?".   "Don't you see,  the
skinny one coming out of the little building."  "Oh,  yes,  I see
him  now"  said Leslie.   "Come on,  lets go for  a  swim",  said
Margaret,  getting on the high board,  and executing a somersault
into  the  water.    The  other girls  joined  in  splashing  and
laughing and having a generally good time.

Meanwhile,  at the tower site, Rob, the chief engineer of the new
UHF  TV station had just stepped out of the transmitter building.
He was carrying a transit.   He set it up to look at the  antenna
to make sure it was level on the tower.   However while adjusting
it  into position,  he caught sight of the girls in the  swimming
pool.   However  from  his position,  he could only see when  the
girls were on the high board.   "What the hell  are  you  doing?"
yelled  Skip  from  atop  the  tower.   "Just  checking  out  the
scenery!",  yelled Rob.   Skip and Bill looked where the  transit
was pointing and saw the pool.  From their angle, atop the 200 ft
tower,  they  could  see most of the pool,  and the three  girls,
however  it  was too far away to make out any  details,  so  they
climbed down the tower,  hoping the girls would still be there by
the time they got to the bottom.   Upon reaching the ground, they
ran for the transit.   Rob said "OK guys,  they are taking  turns
diving, so there's plenty of time for both of you."  "OH, look at
those  boobs!" exclaimed Skip.  "Let me see" said Bill,  crowding
over to peer through the instrument.   "Darn, she's gone, no wait
here comes another one,  must be her sister, she's really stacked
too." The antenna project was forgotten for the time  being,  the
three horny men taking turns looking at the girls by the pool.

Back  at  the  pool,  Margaret was about to dive again  when  she
happened to look in the direction of the tower and noticed  there
were  no workmen on it anymore.   However from the high board she
could  see  that they were all crowded by something  that  looked
very similar to a telescope.   And it looked like it was pointing
right  at her.   "Well,  of all the nerve!"  exclaimed  Margaret.
"What gives?" asked Helen.  "Come up here and take a look".  Both
Helen and Leslie climbed the ladder and looked at the men peering
though the transit.   "Well,  how do you like that", said Leslie.
"We ought to go up there and give them a piece of our mind!" said
Margaret.   "We might wind up giving them more than that piece if
you  catch my meaning." said Helen.  "I really wouldn't  mind,  I
haven't had a good screw for ages.  Come on let's go!"

"UH  OH,  I think they are onto us",  said Skip,  who was looking
when  the  three  girls were on the high  board  looking  in  his
direction.   "Well  it was fun while it lasted" said Bill.   "Say
let's  get  a  bite  to eat,  want to  come  along?"  said  Skip,
addressing Rob.  "Naw, just bring me a hamburger and a Coke, I've
got to get some more work done".   "Are you sure, there were some
gals  at  the hamburger stand that I'm sure could be  had  for  a
quicky  this evening" said Skip.   "No,  that's OK".   "All right
have  it your way" said Skip as he and Bill got in the truck  for
the drive down the hill.   As they were riding down the hill Skip
couldn't help but observe,  "Poor guy,  with that skinny body,  I
bet he never gets a lay".  "Oh the engineer you mean, yea, that's
probably why he is an engineer, I haven't met one yet that wasn't
a little strange anyway".

"Gosh I didn't think it was so far up here",  said Helen.   "Well
we made it" said Margaret. "Looks like were too late, the truck's
gone",  said Leslie.  "Hey look,  the door is open",  said Helen.
Just then Rob appeared in the doorway.   "Hi girls, what can I do
for  you?" said Rob.  "Well we noticed what a good time you  guys
were  having  with  your little  toy  over  there",  said  Helen,
nodding  in  the  direction of the transit.   "Well,"  said  Rob,
blushing slightly,   "things get a little boring up here".   "May
we  come inside?" asked Leslie.   "I guess so" replied  Rob.   He
showed the girls inside,  he was expecting to have to explain  to
the  girls  in non-technical terms how all this equipment  worked
when  he  noticed Leslie rubbing her crotch.   This  got  him  to
thinking.  'Humm  I  wonder,  boy  the riggers sure  are  missing
something  now'.   He started to get hard looking at these  three
beautiful  girls.   He  couldn't  help but rub  his  crotch  too.

"Well,  don't just stand there Leslie,  remember what you said by
the  pool".  teased Margaret.   "Well I wasn't  really  serious",
stammered Leslie.  Rob was puzzled for a moment then broke into a
wide  grin.   "So,  we weren't the only ones playing peeping Tom,
'eh".   "Well we didn't have a telescope,  we just had to use the
naked eye",  said Helen "Boy that's a hint if I ever heard  one",
said Rob, who started to unbutton his pants.  "Here, I'll do it",
offered  Margaret who then finished unzipping Robs  pants.    The
engineers cock was  8" and it was pretty fat, and Margaret wasted
no  time  getting it into her mouth and working on  it.  Margaret
stopped long enough to pull Rob's underwear out and away from his
rock hard cock and down to his ankles along with his pants.   She
eagerly pulled his pants off of his feet,  one at a  time,  until
Rob was standing there with his hard on sticking straight out and
he  was  nude from the waist down.   Margaret  immediately  began
working her mouth up and down his hot,  hard shaft.  She hungrily
wrapped  her lips around Rob's balls and sucked them and then ran
her tongue along the underside of Rob's dick.   Rob could  barely
remain standing, he was getting hotter and hotter.  While she was
doing  this Helen unbuttoned and removed Rob's shirt and  started
to french kiss him, while rubbing him all over.  Leslie said "Hey
I  had  dib's  on him first!".   Margaret took a break  from  the
cocksucking to say "We're just getting him ready for you."   "Hey
wait,  how  am  I going to keep from  getting,  you  know",  said
Leslie.   Rob  took a break from the kissing  long enough to  say
"This  engineer  comes prepared,  look in the top drawer of  that
file  over  there."  Leslie found the familiar  rectangular  foil
package and after prying Margaret's hot, hungry lips off of Rob's
aching  tool,  proceeded  to roll the condom onto  the  engineers
prick.  "OK, let's go for it" said Rob.  "I'm not getting on that
dirty floor, you are, Girls?"  "Right!" yelled Margaret and Helen
in unison,  taking Rob by the arms and laying him backwards.  Rob
was  now flat on his back with his hard-on sticking  straight  up
like the tower outside, and Leslie wasted no time in mounting it.

Rob  then started to fondle Leslie's tits,  and all she could say
was "OOOHH". Rob teased Leslie's nipples until they were standing
out  like  pencil erasers,  Leslie moaned deeply as her  cunt  as
being  deliciously reamed out by Rob's hot,  hard  cock.   Leslie
raised  her cunt up the full length of Rob's solid cock and  then
lowered  her  cunt along the same erotic path - she tightened her
cunt muscles as she worked her pussy up and down.  She was nearly
out  of her mind with hot pleasure.   Margaret  wanted to add  to
Leslie's  pleasure,  so she leaned over her friend and  began  to
french  kiss  her.   As  Margaret's tongue sawed in  and  out  of
Leslie's  willing mouth,  both Margaret and Leslie became  hotter
and  hotter with pure lust for sexual gratification.   Helen then
decided that Rob's mouth was going to waste and sat on his  face.
Rob  needed  no instruction,  but started to stroke Helen's  clit
expertly  with  his tongue.   "What about  me?"  Margaret  wined.

"SLURPPPF" was all Rob could say, because his face was still full
of  drippy  snatch,  but he motioned Margaret  over  closer,  and
fingered  her with his free hand while still playing with Leslies
tits with the other.  "OHHHHH" moaned Leslie, thoroughly enjoying
being in control of Rob's cock.  "OHHHHAHHHHHMMMMMMMMMMUUMMMMMMM"
I'M  COMMING," she screamed, "OH, ITS FUCKING WONDERFUL, IT FEELS
SOOOO GOOOOD!!!," she finally groaned as  she  had her first real
orgasm in over a year.

At about the same time,  Rob finally started to shoot his hot cum
into her hungry pussy.  Nooo, shouted  Margaret, don't waste that
delicious love juice, she demanded.  Leslie  raised her  steaming
cunt off of Rob's throbbing rod  and Margaret stripped the rubber
off  and  again  began to suck Rob's still hard cock.  She sucked
all of Rob's cum and licked her lips. "MMMMM", she said,  "that's
the most delicious nectar in the world".    She continued to work
her  hot  mouth  up and down Rob's softening cock until the hard-
worked organ began to catch fire again.

"Wow" was all the engineer could say.   "You're not  done yet,  I
want more than just a finger." said Helen. "I hope you got plenty
of rubbers here", she added, "I don't need to get pregnant!"  The
file drawer had a goodly supply however,  and,  fortunately,  the
girls were expert at getting Rob hard again.  Rob's dick was hard
as a rock again, and aching for a good fuck.   Helen's pussy  was
still hot and wet  from the eating  that Rob had  been giving it,
her mind was dizzy with anticipation.    She was on fire for SEX.
Her friends, Margaret and Leslie decided to help her along.

Margaret  walked  behind  Helen's back and reached around her hot
body  and  began  to  work  over  Helen's tits and to squeeze and
fondle Helen's hot nipples. Helen moaned with heat and heavy, hot
breathing.  Leslie, not to be outdone in preparing her friend for
her  fucking,   strode to  Helen's  front and began to kneel down
before  Helen's  waiting hungry  snatch.   She buried her face in
Helen's pubic hair and gently  began to kiss the beautiful pussy.

She parted Helen's cunt lips with her tongue and lustfully licked
the waiting  clit into a rigid erection.   Helen's clit was fully
aroused and  super sensitive - as Leslie's  tongue  curled  along
Helen's clit, Helen's knees buckled as Helen involuntarily moaned
with heated exciting joy. As Helen began to scream with pleasure,
Leslie  pulled  away  and  Margaret  guided  Helen  over to Rob's
waiting  cock.   Margaret  and  Leslie  lowered  Helen onto Rob's
waiting meat.   Helen was now seated  on Rob's cock,  bouncing up
and down, her tits  bouncing like the scene in Airplane where the
boobs  were  bouncing like jello.  Margaret had worked herself up
into such a lustful frenzy that  when  Helen  mounted Rob's dick,
she had to have more.

She looked at Leslie with smouldering eyes and said, "I'm burning
up, Leslie, can you help me?". Leslie smiled, she, too, was still
highly  worked  up and her pussy was  still  on  fire.   Eagerly,
Margaret  reached  for  Leslie  and  began  to  gently  kiss  her
passionate lips.  At the same time, Margaret's hands were setting
Leslie's  tits on fire with their insistent caressing of Leslie's
nipples.   Once again,  Leslie's nipples were rock hard and  very
responsive.   Margaret's  active tongue was again fucking in  and
out  of  Leslie's hot mouth.   Leslie was moaning with  pleasure.
She wanted to be fucked again,  and hot and hard.  Leslie reached
for  Margaret's breasts.   She began to tweak Margaret's  nipples
and  the  nipples immediately jumped to  attention.   Leslie  was
almost  too  hot  to see straight,  she  trailed  her  hand  down
Margaret's  belly,  then began to rub Margaret's belly and crotch
with  a circular motion of her fingers.   Each time  her  fingers
passed through Margaret's pubic hair, Margaret tightened her grip
on  Leslie's burning tits and drove her tongue deeper and  deeper
into  her dear friend's volcanic mouth.   Finally,  Leslie's hand
paused  over her friend's hot crotch.   She gently  inserted  her
index  finger  into her friend's steaming pussy and began to  rub
Margaret's eager clit.  Margaret moaned "OOOOOOOAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH,
I  LOVE IT!!!"  She wantonly spread her legs  wide so that Leslie
could get at all of her steaming pussy.  Leslie's  active  finger
had began to push itself into Margaret's inner  cunt and Margaret
jumped  with hot  pleasure.  "MORE, I WANT MORE", Margaret moaned
in complete lustful abandon.  Leslie willingly obliged her friend
by completely inserting  all  of   her  fingers  into  Margaret's
dripping  snatch and then pleasuring her friend with a firm fuck-
ing motion of her  entire  hand  into and  out of  Margaret's hot
cunt.  Margaret's head was rocking back and forth,  side to side,
as she babbled on in sheer sensual  abandonment.    Margaret  had
given up on french  kissing Leslie, and was totally controlled by
the hand which fucked  her pussy  harder  and  harder, and deeper
and  deeper.

Her  hands  gripped  Leslies tits in a passionate embrace as  she
forcefully squeezed and released Leslie's breasts  over  and over
again. This had the predictable effect on Leslie, making her ever
more   intent  on  playing  with  Margaret's  clit  and   fucking
Margaret's pussy with her  hand.      Margret  was  enveloped  in
volumptuous  feelings.  Meanwhile, Helen  and Rob were fucking on
and on.   Helen was on fire  and told Rob that she was  exhausted
and that he would have to get on top to finish the screwing.  Rob
told Helen that there were some blankets in the cabinet.    Helen
slowly raised her still - steaming  cunt  up  Rob's ready rod and
pulled  off  with  a wet slurpping  sound.   She  moaned with the
pleasure that Rob's  big cock-head had given her  as she withdrew
her cunt from it.

She strode over to the cabinet and opened the door and  retrieved
2 blankets.  She spread one out for Rob and herself,  and one she
took  over  to her passionate friends and spread it  out  on  the
floor  next to them.   Rob then rose and told her to get down  on
her hands and knees.   She wasn't sure if she wanted to,  but Rob
roughly  pushed her onto the blanket with her ass pointed towards
him.   He  kneeled  behind her and slipped his cock  between  her
legs.   Wantonly,  Helen spread her legs as much as she could and
reached back,  grabbing Rob's waiting prick she guided it to  her
waiting  pussy.   She placed Rob's cock-head in her cunt  opening
and  Rob  reached  down and grasped both sides of  her  hips  and
thrust  deeply into her cunt.   Helen almost fell down from sheer
bliss  as her pussy was reamed out over and  over.   Rob  reached
over  Helen's  bare back and down under her body and fondled  her
eager waiting breasts.   Helen was being caressed and fucked like
she had never been fucked before.  She was in utter ecstacy.  She
moaned over and over again,  "Fuck me,  Fuck me, Hold me, Squeeze
my tits,  I Love It,  Fuck Me harder, Deeper and Deeper, Ram your
sweet cock harder and harder against my ass,  I want to feel your
balls slap up against my ass,  fill my cunt, it needs your lovely
prick,  don't  ever stop fucking me!!!!!".   Over and  over,  Rob
pounded  his  crotch against Helen's ass and  his  balls  louldly
smacked against Helen's writhing rear, his cock plunged deeply in
and out of Helen's vibrating cunt.   Soon,  Helen gasped over and
over "I'm Coming,  I'm Coming,  Pound into me,  Fuck me, Fuck Me,
Screw me,  fill my cunt, fill my pussy, come in me, come in me, I
want to feel your cock shoot your delicious cum in my pussy,  I'm
coming,  I Love It,  I Love It."   Rob,  too,  was moaning as the
full  load  of  cum  in his cock was rising to  be  spurted  into
Helen's  wanton cunt.   As he continued pounding against  Helen's
ass,  Rob moaned "I'm coming in your pussy, get ready, lover, I'm
going to shoot all of my hot cum into your sweet snatch".   Then,
Rob  began to come into Helen's churning pussy.   Over  and  over
again,  his  cock spurted cum into Helen's cunt,  filling it  and
overflowing  down her pubic hair and then dripping down her legs,
Helen  was  coming at the same time and loved every  sweet  spurt
shooting  into her cunt.   Rob released Helen's tits and both  of
them  collapsed onto the blanked,  breathing heavily and  moaning
with full pleasure and satisfaction.   Helen lay quietly next  to
Rob  and they gently caressed each other with tenderness.   Helen
gently stroked Rob's dick and balls,  marveling that she had been
given  such  wonderful  pleasure  by  his  male  sexuality.   Rob
caressed Helen's tits, gently cupping a full breast in each hand.
His  fingers  stroked her relaxed nipples and caused  Helen  much
pleasure  with  his gentle caresses.   Helen had  very  beautiful
tits,  and Rob loved to watch his caresses bring satisfaction  to
her.

On the other side of the room,  Leslie had noticed that Helen had
brought  her  and  Margaret a blanket.   She  stopped  her  eager
fucking  of  her friend's pussy and told Margaret to lay down  so
they  could   continue their sexual playmaking in  more  comfort.
Margaret's head was spinning with lust,  but she lay down on  the
blanket  and spread her legs so that her pussy was fully open  to
Leslie's  sweet attack.   Leslie moved so that her mouth was over
Margaret's hot pussy and began to eagerly lick her friends  cunt.
She  ran her tongue over Margaret's cliterous until Margaret  was
moaning in white hot pleasure.  Margaret was out of her mind, she
pulled  Leslie's body close so that Leslie's crotch was  straight
over  her hungry mouth.   She reached up and grasped Leslie's ass
and   pulled  Leslie's  pussy  down  onto  her  waiting   tongue.
Margaret's tongue plunged deeply into Leslie's hot cunt, over and
over again and Leslie rolled her hips from side to side in a vain
attempt  to  escape the ravaging of  Margaret's  long  demanding,
plunging tongue.   Finally, Leslie's slurping tongue had done its
job and Margaret came over and over again.  As Margaret came, she
became  more determined to eat her friend into total bliss.   She
sawed  her  tongue in and out of her  friend's  demanding  pussy,
eating  her friend's eager pussy became her entire world.   Soon,
Leslie was rolling her head back and forth in total abandon.  She
no longer had the ability to remember to eat her friend's  pussy.

Margaret  caressed  Leslie's swinging tits and caused  Leslie  to
become  even  hotter  and  more  passionate  and  Leslie  utterly
screamed with passion.  "Eat Me, Eat Me, Fuck Me with your velvet
hot  tongue,  I Love it,  stick it in my hot pussy,  my  steaming
cunt,  my  waiting hot pussy,  lick me,  squeeze my tits,  I love
it!!!!!!!"    As her screams and moans became louder and  louder,
Leslie shouted "SUCK ME, EAT ME, LICK ME, I'M COMING, I'M COMING,
PLEASE  DON'T  EVER STOP PLUNGING YOUR LOVELY TONGUE INTO MY  HOT
PUSSY,  LICK MY CLIT,  SUCK MY CUNT,  I'M COMING, OH, OOOOOHHHHH,
AH,    AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH,    MMMMMMMMMUMMMMMMMMMMMMNNNNN,    IT'S
WONDERFUL,  I'M COMING".   Shortly thereafter,  as Margaret  held
Leslie's  flailing  body close to her and had  Leslie's  churning
pussy  trapped on her plunging tongue,  Leslie  had a  tremendous
climax,  she  swung her body back and forth,  up and down and her
head was whipping from side to side.  Leslie's mouth was open and
moaning loudly and her eyes were half closed with utter  passion.
Wave  after  wave of sexual bliss swept over her as her cunt  was
invaded by Margaret's fiery tongue.  Margaret continued to thrust
her  tongue into Leslie's churning cunt until  Leslie  completely
collapsed  in an intense,  overpowering climax.   Then,  Margaret
released  Leslie's  ass which she had held onto tightly  so  that
Leslie  wouldn't  pull  her pussy away from  Margaret's  mouth  &
hungry tongue.  Margaret gently caressed Leslie's ass and tits as
Leslie lay next to her in a state of sexual stupor.

"Don't we get any" asked Skip.   "Well whip 'em out,  and we will
see if you measure up said Leslie.  The riggers needed no further
prompting,  and  pulled  out  their peckers,  already  hard  from
watching the naked girls play with the engineer.  Helen had tired
of screwing with the engineer and started to suck skip.  Margaret
likewise  started on Bill's cock.   All three pairs then  decided
that  it was time for a good 69.  Tongue in cunt,  cock in mouth,
they went at it until there was another knock on the door.   "Who
could that be?" whispered Margaret.   "I don't know,  hide behind
the transmitter" whispered the engineer, pointing behind the tall
grey cabinets.   Rob quickly put his pants and shirt back on  and
hoped whoever it was wouldn't notice he was barefoot.   He opened
the  door  and  it was one of the Gym teachers from  the  school.
"You haven't seen any girls around here have you?" "Uh,  no mam,"
Rob  fibbed.   "Well I see that construction gang is  not  around
now,  I don't trust those types,  you look nice enough though, if
you  should see them please tell them to get back to their  rooms
pronto".  "OK" said Rob,  and closed the door.   "Whew",  he said
after  he  heard the teacher plod back down the path,  "was  that
ever  close".   "Nice guy huh,  look at all the action  you  were
getting."  Skip observed.   "Well we had better be  going",  said
Margaret.  "How much longer will you be here?" asked Helen. "Were
done", said Bill, "time to move on to the next job".  "But I work
for  this  station  and  will have to come up  once  a  week  for
equipment inspections" "Well, we can see more of each other" said
Leslie".  "Right" said Rob.

The  girls then put their swim suits back on and headed down  the
path.  The riggers got in their truck and drove down the hill for
the  last time.  "I still think that engineers are  weird",  said
Skip.   "I know,  but that one sure has the luck with the girls",
replied  Bill with a sigh.  And the engineer just looked out  the
door at the city below with a big grin on his face.

--
