     Angered by her argument with her boyfriend Mike, Lisa had wanted 
some time to think alone. She had saddled her black stallion Buck and 
was now riding him west along a ridgetop.
     Lisa decided that perhaps some time away from ther male of her 
species was what she needed, which might be difficult to accomplish 
beause she was a ravishing 20 year old. She was 5-foot-9 in her stocking 
feet and tipped the scales at 115 pounds. She had 38-inch breasts with 
large pink nipples that tilted up slightly, a rock-hard 26-inch waist 
and her hips flaired out to 36 inches. Her ass was muscular from plenty 
of exersize, as were her long shaply legs. Lisa's mind was just as 
interesting as her body. She had a warm inquisitive curousity about life 
and applied her prodigous IQ to experience the maximum physical pleasure 
whenever possible. 
     So there she was, riding her horse at a slow pace, her  long
thick brown hair just touching Buck's rump and she was taking in the 
pretty morning. Her full breasts swayed with each step the horse took 
and her nipples were growing erect from the friction with her flannel 
shirt. Her cunt was also becoming moist from the rythm of the stallion's 
steps and Lisa was soon yearning for sexual contact. She unbottened the 
top two buttons of her shirt and squeezed the nipple of her right 
breast. She decided to find a quit place to dismount and pursue physical 
pleasure undistracted. There was a small shaded pool in a ravine to her 
left and she trotted down to it, got off of the horse and let him drink. 
Lisa then took his saddle and bridle off and let him graze. 
     Lisa looked around and deciced that the area was secluded and 
that nobody was around, so she took off her shirt and wiggled out of her 
tight dungarees. She ran her hands down her stomach to her cunt and 
parted the lips, revealing the pink moistness inside. Slipping the index 
finger of her right hand deep inside, she slowly rubbed her clit with 
the fingers of her other hand. Yes, she was getting hot indeed! She 
glanced around to make sure that Buck hadn't wandered too far off to 
find that he was intently watching her. Lisa walked over to him and 
scratched him between the ears and he sniffed her breasts. She also 
noticed the thick black hose of his flacid penis hanging between his 
legs. Lisa had noticed it several times  before  and  had  always
wondered... 
     Rubbing her hand alond the top of his back, Lisa walked down his 
left flank to examine his maleness from a closer view. She slowly 
reached under his belly and ran her fingers down its rubbery length. 
"My, my, what do we have here?" she wondered aloud. His cock was now 
fully distended and becoming erect. The effect on Lisa was electric. She 
dropped to her knees and started slowly pumping him with both hands, 
wondering how big she could make it get. Buck's jet-black cock was now 
rock hard and Lisa estimated it to be a little over 20 inches long and 
she needed both hands to encircle it. A drop of slippery ooze appeared 
from the slit on the end of the bloated cockhead and Lisa stuck out her 
tongue and licked it off. It tasted a little salty. 
     She licked all around the the bulging head and ran her tounge 
down his impressive length, then back up to the tip. She parted her lips 
and pushed a little of the head into her mouth. Her hands resumed their 
pumping motion and she pushed as much of the prick into her mouth as she 
could. Buck's massive cock began to throb and Lisa knew what was about 
to happen. She removed one hand from the animal's cock and slipped two 
fingers up her cunt. Her other hand quickened its pace. 
     Suddenly a huge blast of cum shot into her mouth. Then another. 
The hot, white liquid filled her mouth and she took a big swallow but it 
was filling her mouth faster than she could swallow it. Lisa took the 
cock tip from her mouth and got a blast of cum in the face and on her 
bouncing breasts. Her own orgasm peaked as her pussy clamped down on her 
fingers wiggling within. Buck continued to pump thick globs of cum onto 
her breasts and stomach. 
     Lisa and her horse shared their orgasms for several more moments 
before they were spent. Lisa's head was spinning and she sat back to 
regain her balance. She was literally covered with sticky cum. Buck's 
cock was growing limp and receeding back into it's sheath and he was 
grazing on grass again. 
     She slipped into the cool pool of water and rinsed herself off. 
The clear water felt good and helped her regain her senses. She then got 
out of the water and stood in the sun to dry and as she was letting the 
sunlight caress her she pondered her experience. 
     She wondered what made the idea of having sex with a horse so 
appealing and decided that it was a combination of things. One it was 
taboo. "Normal" people didn't do those things and the thought of doing 
something taboo made the act more exciting. Second the mere sight of 
that enormous black cock excited her. "Too bad I'll never feel that 
monster slide into my cunt", she thought as she slipped into her blue 
jeans and shirt. "The size of it would surely put me in the hospital". 
As she hoisted the saddle onto Buck's back she thought, "Well, maybe it 
could be done, if I grease his cock up good and go very slowly..." 
     The thought of what she was considering was causing her loins to 
stir again and she quickly pushed the notion out of her head. "Maybe 
some day, big guy," Lisa said as she patted Buck's neck and rode off. 

     Lisa spent the next week readying herself by slowly increasing 
her tolerance each night. Finally, just that morning she accomplished 
what she thought was enough preparation. Sunday night she started with 
her fingers...first one, then two, finally three fingers inside her 
slippery hole. Monday, she managed to get the fourth digit in, and was 
able to keep all four fingers inside until her wrist was numb. 
     Tuesday, it was the handle of her father's hammer, geneerously 
lubed with Vaseline. It was then that Lisa realized that not only the 
girth of Buck's cock going to be more than she'd ever encountered, but 
the length was even more important! As she pressed the hammer handle 
into her hole, she could feel new muscles being stretched, ones that her 
fingers had only barely touched. She went as far as she could, pressing 
the wooden handle up inside herself and held in steady for what seemed 
like ten minutes. 
     When she finally felt comfortable, Lisa put her thumb against 
the handle to mark her progress and slowly withdrew it. In the dimness 
in her room Lisa groaned. "Only that much?" she was disappointed at her 
lack of "progress." Only nine inches of the wooden shaft would fit into 
her cunt, surely nothing like Buck would present her. 
     She thought of a way to speed things along, Lisa also tried to 
think of other aids for her quest. Wednesday, Lisa was rummaging through 
the barn when she came across the PERFECT item. It was  a  bovine
speculum. A device used to provide a clear passage onto a cows vagina so 
the vet artificially inseminate her. It was a good foot long with a 
small hole at the rounded end, and was at least as big around as a 10-
ounce Coke bottle! After sneaking the black plastic object into her 
room, Lisa set about washing every inch of the surrogate  in  her
bathroom. 
     There was a large flange on the open end, so it wouldn't slip 
too far into the cow Lisa figured. "No danger of that happening here," 
she said to herself rather dejectedly, remembering the frustration of 
last nights' measurement. As it sat on the counter next to the sink, 
Lisa tried to picture Buck's cock and decided that the surrogate would do 
nicely, very nicely. Later, as she was greasing the tube with vaseline, 
her thoughts returned to the huge black cock that awaited her, and the 
thrill of the the task at hand brought a new energy to Lisa's movements. 
     She stroked the object as she had stroked Buck just days before, 
transforming the hard plastic in her mind to the velvety hardness 
surging with life and hot to the touch. Spreading herself on her bed, 
her legs splayed as wide as possible, Lisa started to slowly insert the 
surrogate into her drenched cunthole. Stretching past the opening, Lisa 
first thought she had split herself in half, but kept pushing. She 
gasped as the rounded tip slid through the ring of muscles guarding the 
inner walls of her vagina and felt the tube ease deeper, with less 
resistance. 
     Further she pushed, her thoughts turned back to the  pulsing
blackness of Bucks shiny cock hanging tight against his belly. Still 
further she pressed "him" into her body until the muscles would not 
allow her further passage. The fullness she felt was almost too intense. 
Lisa raised her head and looked between her legs. She had almost all of 
the "cock" in her! 
     "Well," she whispered, "maybe the flange IS going to come in 
handy after all!" At the same time she noticed how her clit was sticking 
out, the tissues below it stretched lewdly. Almost hesitantly, Lisa ran 
her finger tip to the hot nub. As soon as she touched her clit she felt 
the spasming in her belly and the almost painful clenching of the 
muscles as her pussy tried to contract around the hard black cock buried 
ten inches inside her. Lisa almost screamed out loud as wave after wave 
of pleasure and pain erupted deep within her body. 
     Finally, she pulled a pillow across her face and let loose what 
would have been a blood curdling scream as the final waves of her orgasm 
peaked. Lisa lay panting, astonished by the intensity produced by one 
little touch. She became acutely aware of the pain deep within her 
caused by the stretching. 
     Slowly, almost reluctantly, she slid the "cock" from her gapping 
hole. It made a slurping sound as her stretched cunt walls released the 
tube. "Tomorrow night it all goes in," Lisa promised herself...and Buck. 
     She started early the next evening, feigning an upset stomach to 
her parents. Lisa readied herself and her goal for action. As she set 
the already slickened tube on the edge of a wooden chair, she did some 
deep knee bends to limber up her hips and legs. Lisa was determined to 
make this work. Stretching on her hip-toes, she inserted the rounded end 
of the no-longer frightening black tube into her. The lips of her pussy 
spreading, then stretching around its nearly two-and-a-quarter-inch 
diameter, Lisa pressed herself downward. One inch, two, three, four. She 
felt the pressure build within her. Five...six...seven...eight...nine. 
     Lisa's legs began to tremble as she held herself still  four
inches above the edge of the chair. She took a deep breath pressed 
downward. Holding her torso erect, Lisa felt the huge shaft go even 
deeper and, as if to signal success, she felt the mouth of her cervix 
mash against the hard plastic just as the cheeks of her ass touched the 
wooden seat of the chair. Exhaling slowly, she was able to stuff the 
last half inch of the black monster into the virgin depths of her body. 
     "At last!" she hissed. "I did it!" Supporting  herself  with
her arms, Lisa remained in this position for many minutes, letting the 
muscles in her cunt and belly adjust to the massive intruder. As the 
minutes passed she became aware that there was no longer the sharp 
pressure, almost a painful pressure, but instead an exciting fullness. 
She kept the posture for nearly ten minutes, until her arms began to 
shake. 
     Leaning forward, putting her weight on her legs she lifted off 
the chair. She could move and the huge "cock" didn't fall out, and as 
she slowly moved to the bed, she set to mind the plan for final nights 
preparation. She lay on her back in her bed for another half hour, 
careful not to succumb to the urge to touch herself. Lisa did not want 
to repeat the mind-shattering orgasm of last night until she  had
finished her primary task. She was determined to provide Buck as well as 
herself with ample room to accomplish what she had set her mind to do. 
Lisa was going to have Buck fuck her, she was going to have  that
beautiful animals huge black cock inside her so she could feel the hot, 
hardness and they could be one. 
     Her mind wandered back to the day by the meadow pool, and she 
tingled deeper inside herself than she previously knew had existed as 
she thought about Buck's hot cum jetting into her belly. As her mind 
wandered, so did her fingers. She felt the flange of the  plastic
surrogate and the inch that had slid out as she lay on the bed. Her 
fingers lightly traced the lips of her cunt, stretched thin by the 
"cock" buried deep within her. 
     Lisa pulled the pillow and placed it gently next to her face, 
and turning her head into it, ran her finger over her straining clit. 
Just as it had the night before, she erupted into a gut-wrenching, 
pussy-spasming orgasm with only a single touch on her clit. This time, 
the pain/pleasure was much more pleasure and only a slight twinge as her 
well stretched muscles clamped tightly around the hard shaft. As Lisa 
reluctantly removed the now familiar intruder from her cunt, she became 
aware of an emptiness that needed refilling. "Be patient, dear pussy, 
only one more day..." she purred as she fell into a dream-filled sleep. 
     The following night, Friday, Lisa  repeated  the  events  of
Thursday night, but fell asleep with the long hard black  plastic
surrogate buried deep in her now well-stretched pussy. Her dreams were 
filled with all manner of erotica, and at one point, she woke to find 
that she was actually stroking the black "cock" in and out of her soaked 
hole! It was about 3:30 in the morning, and Lisa finally pulled the tube 
from between her legs after she'd made herself cum twice more. Feeling 
with her fingers, Lisa found that she could get all four of her fingers 
into her pussy and was about to tuck her thumb inside when she heard the 
sound of the alarm clock in her parents room. 
     "That's all I need!" she thought, "They'd have my ass  in  a
convent this afternoon if they even thought I was fingering my box, much 
less stretching it so I could fuck Buck!" 
     Smiling to herself, Lisa fell asleep. 
     That afternoon, when the rest of the family when to town for 
monthly shopping festival, Lisa begged off saying that she really needed 
to take care of some stuff and "needed to work some stiffness out of 
Buck." She actually said that, and almost fell over in hysterics when 
mother said that he'd been looking a bit jumpy lately, and the exercise 
would do both Buck and Lisa a world of good! 
     As the car rolled down the long drive, Lisa was headed for her 
room to watch it disappear over the hill from her window. THEN, she'd go 
out to the barn. 

     Lisa had her big black stallion, Buck, where she wanted him; in 
the riding stall, he was well groomed and she was naked. After her 
experience with him at the pool, Lisa was determined to pursue her 
sexual indulgence with this fantasy stud. She closed and bolted the 
stable doors. The morning sunlight streamed thru the east windows onto 
the floor casting small hard shodows where it couldn't reach. Lisa's 
heart was pounding in her chest at the exciting thought of what she was 
about to attempt: she was going to have her horse fuck her! She strode 
over to the mount's stall, where he was intently munching a feedbag of 
oats and crooned into his ear, "Now we'll see if I can take what you've 
got to give." 
     At that, she ran her hands along his flank, reached under his 
belly and massaged the bulge where his cock would appear. The soft 
velvety skin felt like it was too sensitive to handle, the whole idea 
too bizarre to pursue when the head of his cock slid out into her hand. 
And then she could not turn back. She was no longer  a  thinking,
rational, civilized human being; she was a  driven  and  obsessed
individual, not considering the potentially disasterous consequences of 
what she was about to attempt. 
     Lisa dropped onto her knees transfixed by the sight  of  the
enormous black penis appearing in her hands. It kept sliding out and out 
until it looked like a small arm in her hands. She lifted the member to 
her mouth, parted her lips and took the bulb on the end of the cock into 
her mouth. She slid her tongue under the head and could feel  the
animal's cock throb every time his heart took a beat. Lisa's hands began 
slowly stroking the shaft of the cock and it began to become hard...and 
much, much bigger! 
     Lisa took the cockhead out of her mouth, closed her eyes and 
rubbed the meaty pole on her face and then her beautiful breasts. She 
slid the bloated head on her nipples until they became erect. And all 
the while the cock became bigger and bigger. 
     She got up and got a container of lubricant and whent back to 
her work. Lisa applied a generous amount to the end of Buck's cock and 
began coating the shaft of the pole. When she had about 12 inches of his 
dick lubricated she removed one slick hand and slid two fingers into her 
steaming cunt and strummed her clit with her thumb. Lisa slowly rocked 
back on the wiggling fingers in her cunt and spent several long moments 
in increasing waves of pleasure. Her left hand was full of a slick black 
cock of enormous proportions, quickly quickly slipping over the fat head 
and down its length. And she slid two more fingers of her left hand deep 
into her cunt. Oh, yeah! 
     It was time for the moment of truth. She got up and led  the
steed over to a bed which consisted of several stratigacally placed 
bales of straw covered with a wool blanket. She positioned the horse 
over the arrangement and slid underneath him. His bulk and it's implied 
strength seemed a bit overwhelming. Lisa reached down between her knees 
and grasped the cock of her dreams. she rubbed the bloated head between 
the lips of her cunt and gasped as Buck hunched up his hindquarters and 
let loose with a pelvic thrust that slid the entire end of his cock past 
the girl's cunt lips, stretching them to their limit.
     It was in! 
     Just about three inches of Buck's beautiful long black cock was 
in her, but she knew much more would follow. The powerful animal above 
her shifted nervously, but in an almost knowing way kept his hips still. 
Lisa spread her legs as far as they would go, and tilted her cunt to the 
proper angle. Buck's Hard cock twitched inside her, and she waited as 
he hunched his hips again, driving another three inches into her waiting 
hole. Lisa was almost beside herself. For the past two nights she'd had 
her cunt filled by hard cold plastic, but now the heat from Buck's 
velvety hardness was almost too much to bear. 
     Again he hunched his big hips and another three inches of horse 
cock filled Lisa's belly. Her muscles inside her vagina were adapting to 
the massive intruder above her, and lisa looked between her legs to see 
how much of his shaft was left. Her eyes widened as she saw that better 
than half of Buck's cock was still outside her. He hunched again and yet 
more of the slick black tube slid into her. She was full. As full as she 
had been last night, but she wanted more, she wanted to engulf all of 
Buck's beautiful cock inside her. As the big horse lunged again, Lisa 
rocked back on her shoulders and slid forward, but not before the 
flattened head of Buck's massive tool pounded against her cervix and 
nearly knocked the breath out of her 
     As if he knew that the limit had been reached, Buck started to 
pump in and out of Lisa lewdly stretched hole, just as he would were he 
buried deep in a mare. The sensations inside Lisa's belly were beyond 
description as her equine lover slid almost all the way out of her, and 
then pushed back in. Over and over Lisa felt at least ten inches of hard 
horse cock slide into her, until she was beside herself with ecstasy. He 
hands went between her legs, and with the left circling the hot flesh 
sliding into her, her right slid through her top of her pubic hair. She 
wanted to make this last forever, but knew her body  could  never
withstand the pace for long. She felt the shaft within her twitch and 
swell, and knew that Buck was near cumming. 
     As she slipped her middle finger over the hard  bud  of  her
clitoris, she heard Buck snort, and the chain of events that followed 
were far beyond Lisa's wildest dreams. As Buck was making his final 
thrust before cumming, Lisa started to cum, causing the muscles of her 
stretched pussy to tighten around the hot black shaft within. Never had 
Buck felt this sort of pressure, and it took him by surprise. He jerked 
back a half step and his long thick cock slid a bit out of Lisa's hole 
-- just far enough to leave room for the nearly pint of horse jism that 
jetted from the hole in the end of his cock in pulsing spurts. Lisa felt 
the scalding liquid in her belly, and was wracked with yet another 
orgasm, one of proportions she had never before experienced. 
     Shaking and twitching uncontrollably, she  lay  beneath  the
massive beast she'd just fucked. Lisa felt the wonderful hot shaft 
within her start to slide out of her, and wanted it to remain, but 
realized once a horse has cum, it's only a matter of seconds until his 
hard cock recedes and disappears. As the flat head pulled past the mouth 
of her cunt, Lisa heard a sucking pop, and her thighs were flooded by 
the huge gush horse semen that drained from her gapping hole. Reaching 
her arms up around his sides, Lisa hugged Buck as best she could, and 
slowly rolled from beneath him.
     Standing in front of her four-legged lover, she hugged his nose 
to her naked breasts, and thought she saw a wink from one of his big 
brown eyes. 
