EDUCATING BUDI
 
Budi was a nine-year-old Muslim boy who became my lover, and 
who lived with me for about five years while residing in a foreign 
land. Chocolate brown, with the beauty one only dreams about, Budi 
was a perfect little boy. Perfect body, and perfect uncircumcised little 
penis.
 
When Budi and I first met, he believed that the only possible function 
of his penis was urination. Within a few days, however, he was much 
enlightened.
 
The first day with Budi standing before me naked, I almost cried he 
was so beautiful. Not being shy at all, he allowed me to examine and 
explore his body at will. His cute little brown penis was then a few 
months away from being cut in the Muslim tradition, and I was totally 
in love with his foreskin. His skin was long and droopy, just the way 
that I liked them, the tight end ring about an inch further out from the 
tip of his penis. Testicles, the size of grapes, and a scrotum that 
would make any mouth water.
 
A whole book could be written about his perineum, and a trilogy 
about his buttocks, the valley between them, and his anus. Having 
always been a lover of boy's asses, I was speechless when viewing 
Budi's. Finally I had found perfection, virginal perfection.
 
Over the next days I introduced Budi to masturbation, fellatio, 
interfemoral intercourse, and then finally anal intercourse. Each step 
of the way went slowly, with explanation , and time for reaction and 
talk. With the beginning of each session, I stretched a condom over 
my penis, explaining to Budi the reasons for this, along with the 
reasons for the need for safe sex and sex play.
 
After awhile Budi began to put my condom on for me, and if in a 
heated moment I would forget, he would stop our action until I was 
covered. Budi soon demanded  that he also have a condom. Although 
I explained that it was unnecessary for him to have one for many of 
our activities, he told me that if I were to be covered, so was he. 
 
The scenes which followed were comical. Budi, with all of his slim 
three inches, trying to fit into a condom made for an adult penis. 
Sensing his frustration, the next day I went to a drug store and bought 
a whole supply of latex surgical finger protectors, which looked just 
like little boy condoms. When these protectors were lubricated just a 
bit, they fit him perfectly.
 
For the next five years Budi and I used our condoms, me my large 
ones and he his miniature ones, whenever we had any sex play in 
which semen might be spilled.
 
One of the most happiest days for both of us was the day that Budi 
"graduated" from the finger protectors into regular (small size) 
condoms.
 
Budi is now 17, and to me is still as beautiful and attractive as he was 
when he was nine. Budi still practices safe sex, using a condom every 
time he plays. Although his sex play these days is mostly 
heterosexual, he learned a valuable lesson which has helped him to 
stay safe in today's unsafe sexual world        
 
Educating Budi was a joy for me. Boys such as Budi are few, and 
might come a man only once in his lifetime. Educating Budi was a 
labor of love.
