           ************************
                BUNS     Part 1  
           ************************
Ha! made you look!
These buns are on the head, not the behind.
  
The usual disclaimers:  Big gigantic corporations own the rights 
to all these characters, etc, etc,
                   -Lori-                
            *********************

She was running as fast as exhaustion and blistered feet would 
allow.  They had been right behind her, although she no longer 
heard the clanking of the uniforms.  Turning slightly to see if 
they were close, she inadvertently tripped on a stone and tumbled 
down a small grassy hill, landing face-down in a pair of black 
boots.

With  her heart in her throat she gradually lifted her head and 
began to gaze along the body attached to the boots.  A nice pair 
of strong legs in black pants, impressive manly bulges, good 
looking torso, and...  who is this? she thought as she stared at a 
handsome face with unusual markings on the left forehead.  

Chakotay looked down at the person who had fallen onto his feet, 
seemingly from nowhere.  He had been on a  reconnaissance mission 
with the away team and had  wandered over to this hilly area to  
find tubers for Neelix.  What he found instead was a lovely, and 
apparently frightened, woman. While she was staring at his tattoo, 
Chakotay was transfixed by her hairdo. On both sides of her head 
the hair was wound in tight large circles.  He had never seen such 
an unusual  arrangement of side-buns.  The rest of the lady looked 
very appealing to him, especially what was visibly outlined 
through  her slightly translucent white gown.

"Are you  all right?"  he asked, looking down at her, but trying 
not to frighten her further.

She responded to him cautiously. "Yes, I am fine now.  You are 
obviously not from The Empire."

Chakotay considered this for a second.  What Empire?  Klingon?  
Cardassian?  He couldn't conceive that either of those empires had 
reached to this quadrant of  the galaxy.  Did she actually speak 
English or was the translator doing its job?  There would be time 
for questions later;  he reached out with his hands and helped 
lift her up off the ground.

"Look," she said, abruptly raising her voice and  waving a finger 
at him, "I want to know who you are and where you come from and I 
better get some answers pretty damn quick."

Chakotay was taken aback by the unexpected forcefulness and 
arrogance of this young woman.  She had the looks of a helpless 
damsel in distress, but she was obviously not so helpless.  She 
spoke to him like an impatient commanding officer.   Not even 
Kathryn had ever dared yell at him in that manner.

"You're very welcome," he said sarcastically responding to her 
lack of gratitude for the helping hand. "But you're not in any 
position to be demanding answers.  Perhaps you would like to tell 
me who YOU are."  

She stared him down undaunted. "Maybe I will and maybe I won't. I 
would first like some reassurances as to your allegiance."  

He was losing patience with her snippy attitude. 
The prime directive prevented him from immediately revealing his 
identity and the existence of  Voyager and the Federation, but it 
was definitely time to get some information from this strong-
minded girl. She had retreated several feet away from him and was 
reaching into her long loose sleeve.  As he began to take a few 
steps towards her, she quickly pulled out her concealed  blaster 
and aimed it at him.

"That's far enough," she said to him menacingly, "I am Leia, 
Princess of Alderaan and you are now a prisoner of the Rebel 
Alliance."

A smile escaped from Chakotay's lips, even with the weapon pointed 
at his head.  A rebel leader.  Well, he thought to himself, that 
makes her almost a Maquis.  And a princess to boot!  He couldn't 
decide whether to hug her or punch out her lights, but he was 
definitely warming up to this pretty rebel and could feel some 
swelling starting in his loins.   Maybe it was the buns.  He was 
very attracted to bun-headed fiery women;  Kathryn had the same 
effect on him.

He was convinced Leia wouldn't actually shoot him so he tried 
inching closer, using conversation as a distraction.  A bizarre 
tingling passed through him as he moved in her direction.

"You have nothing to fear from me.  I've never heard of Alderaan; 
I don't know anything about your Empire.  I was merely gathering 
food. Can't we discuss things in a civilized manner?"

Intrigued by this handsome stranger, she let down her guard for 
only an instant, but it gave Chakotay enough time to make his 
move.  He grabbed her, snatching the weapon from her hand and 
pushing her down on her back.  As she was spread-eagled on the 
grass, he was able to pin her down with just one of his powerful 
arms, pressing himself on top so she couldn't move. He wasn't 
certain of his motives for forcing himself on her this way; he had 
never acted in such a violent manner with a woman and he was 
shocked by his own behavior. But the sensuous curves underneath 
him fueled his urges almost involuntarily, and his free hand 
slowly groped the hot, moist area between her legs.
   
Leia could feel his huge erection and his probing fingers and 
debated with herself whether to just give in or fight back. She 
was more than a little aroused by his looks and his touches, but 
some sixth sense told her that this man was possessed by an 
irrational sexual appetite. In a few minutes he would pull himself 
free of his clothing and lunge into her.  Ultimately her instincts 
and dignity won out and she took the only course open to her.  
Closing her eyes, she prayed that Luke's lessons had taught her 
enough...

To Chakotay, it appeared that Leia had gone into a trance. Her 
lids were shut and she did not move for almost 30 seconds as 
energy seemed to project from her hands, encircling them both.  
While she was in this state he continued to stare at her face and 
rub his aching penis against her body. Suddenly, her eyes burst 
opened and she scowled at him.

"Are you going to rape me?"  she asked in a confident voice.

"Absolutely not!" Chakotay answered, outraged that she would even 
consider he was capable of such a thing. The question had snapped 
his mind back to reality.  He started to regain control of his 
common sense, although he stayed on top of Leia, still pressing 
hard against her body.

"Good, then I won't have to drop that boulder on your back."

He turned his head and looked upward.  A gigantic rock was 
floating in the air six feet above him. In a panic he pressed his 
comm badge, "Two to beam up."   
 
                **************

B'Elanna was in the transporter room helping to fix some worn 
bioneural circuitry.  She had activated the transport beam herself 
at Chakotay's request and watched as the bodies materialized on 
the pad.  They arrived with Leia still on her back and Chakotay 
still on top her.  

"Interesting position for transport, Commander." B'Elanna said, 
grinning broadly. 

Chakotay immediately jumped off Leia and turned to face B'Elanna, 
his erection still bulging through his pants.  The Chief Engineer 
sauntered over to the pad and teased him with a few lip-licks.
 
"You better settle DOWN a bit, Chakotay, before you leave the 
transporter room." 

"You can put your tongue back in your mouth, B'Elanna.  It's not 
what you think."  

By this time, Leia had gotten off the floor and was standing, 
hands on hips, waiting for someone to notice her. She was a little 
miffed at being ignored, and she was very anxious to find out 
where she was and who all these strange people were.  One thing 
she was certain of, this was not an Imperial ship.  The Emperor 
would never give a woman a position of importance aboard a ship of 
the Empire.  In fact, she had never seen a woman in ANY position 
on an Imperial ship.  She walked over to B'Elanna, gave a quick 
glance at her forehead, and then demanded some attention.

"Excuse me, But is anyone going to tell me where I am and what I'm 
doing here."

Chakotay signaled for Tuvok with the comm badge and, ignoring 
Leia, took B'Elanna aside.
 
"I'm going to recommend that Tuvok keep this woman in detention 
until we learn a little more about her.  She has impressive 
telekinetic powers and her intentions are not clear."

B'Elanna gave Leia a quick once-over. The woman seemed harmless 
enough and hardly more than a child.  But remembering how Chakotay 
and Leia had transported up, B'Elanna decided a little detention 
might bring this smartass down a few notches.   

Tuvok arrived with Captain Janeway and they both conferred briefly 
with Chakotay.  It was standard procedure for the Captain to check 
on any unknown aliens aboard the ship.  When Janeway and Leia 
finally locked eyes, it was a moment full of  meaning for both of 
them.  Leia was more and more astounded by the military position 
that women held in this society, whatever society that was.  
Janeway's intuition told her that something, she was not sure 
what,  was very special about this young lady.  She decided that 
the prime directive was probably no longer an issue.

"Princess Leia, I am Captain Kathryn Janeway of the United 
Federation of Planets.  You are on board my ship, The Voyager. You 
have already met my First Officer Commander Chakotay..."

Leia interrupted Janeway with a mysterious smile.

"Yes, you could say we have definitely met."
 
She glanced at Chakotay, who was looking sheepishly down at the 
ground, remembering with embarrassment how he had behaved on the 
planet's surface.  

Janeway continued, "We understand that you have special abilities 
and also that you are unsure as to where you are.  For your 
protection and for our own, we are going to confine you to 
quarters until Mr. Tuvok, our Chief of Security, has had a chance 
to interrogate you."

Leia said nothing.  She looked at Janeway; she looked at Tuvok, at 
B'Elanna, at Chakotay.  She wondered what sort of place this was 
where people had never heard of The Force.   
               
             ***********************

Leia was being kept in quarters protected by a magnetic shield. 
She knew her abilities weren't developed enough  to deactivate a 
magnetic field, and even if she could get out, where would she go?  
The room was comfortable, she had everything she needed, and she 
welcomed the opportunity to talk to Tuvok. There would perhaps be 
a useful exchange of information. She was also worried about what 
had happened to Han, Luke and the other people on Hoth, but that 
was useless worrying.  She didn't even know what had happened to 
her.     

Tuvok belonged to a species Leia had never seen but that in no way 
surprised her.  The galaxy was populated by thousands of species 
and she knew there were many she had never come across.  What 
interested her about Tuvok was his spirituality.  She could sense 
that he was more connected to The Force than the others on board 
this ship.

Tuvok, for his part, was fascinated by Leia.  Their conversation 
began not with a discussion of Empires or planets but with an 
explanation of The Force - a concept that Tuvok found consistent 
with his own views of the universe. Leia told him she was only a 
novice but she promised to give him some of the lessons that Luke 
had given her.  She also made it clear that there was a genetic 
aspect to The Force.  A person had to be born with the ability.  
She had it and she was certain that Tuvok had it also. 

She related to Tuvok that just before she found herself at 
Chakotay's feet, she had been at the Rebel base on the planet 
Hoth. There was a celebration going on to honor her home planet, 
which is why she was dressed in her traditional native costume.  
Imperial stormtroopers landed by surprise and she began running 
towards the escape ships. Another person had been with her - Han 
Solo.  She did not know what had happened to him.

"Can you tell me which Empire you are referring to?"  

"What do you mean, WHICH Empire?  There is only one - the evil 
Empire that controls most of the star systems in the galaxy."

"Most of the star systems in the galaxy?"
 
Tuvok repeated her words with absolute astonishment and caught his 
breath as he realized this woman was not referring to his own 
galaxy.  Some strange twist of space-time had propelled her 
further than he ever believed possible. They talked for a few 
minutes more before Tuvok left. He promised to return soon and 
continue the conversation, but his immediate concern was to report 
the incredible findings to Janeway.  She thanked him and sat 
quietly - gathering The Force around her for the task ahead.

                *********************

Leia was on her bed in the dark recalling all the lovers in her 
life.  There had been many - some great, some adequate, some 
horrible.  Some had given her moments of supreme pleasure, others 
had given her only frustration.  These sexual memories that were a 
source of comfort during a lonely time also brought up thoughts of 
two special men.

Han was an agonizing problem for her.  She wanted him more than 
she had ever wanted any man.  But his personality mixed with her 
personality were two storms trying to subdue each other.  Somehow 
they never managed to put down their defenses long enough to 
connect. One of them was going to have to back down if they were 
ever going to be together.  Most days that seemed like an 
impossibility. 

Her mind turned to a new man - Chakotay.  A big smile came across 
her face as she remembered their meeting.  This man was going to 
be fun.  She looked forward to teasing him and then satisfying 
him, especially with The Force growing stronger in her each day. 
Closing her eyes and letting go of her conscious self, she allowed 
her longing for him to flow out of her body.
 
                  ************

Later that evening someone arrived at her door.  She knew without 
asking that it was Chakotay.  Her passion had found him and 
brought him to her.  The power of her lust led him into the room 
where she was on the bed, naked and full of desire. Jedi mind 
games were a wonderful way to control a man.

Though it was dark in the room, Chakotay knew Leia was
waiting for him. He wasn't sure how he came to be here.  All he 
knew was that some unknown power had led him to her and every time 
he was within 10 feet of this woman he got a demanding hard-on.  
She uttered only one word, calling his name, "Chakotay," but it 
was enough to increase his excitement beyond the point of reason. 
His penis was large, stiff, and painfully ready for her.  "Leia," 
he answered, ready to fling himself on her in a rage of 
uncontrollable passion. 

As he approached the bed he had the sensation of unseen hands 
caressing his body. 

"Wouldn't you like to take off your clothes," Leia whispered from 
the bed, laughing softly.

"I..."  He never finished the sentence.  Leia was manipulating him 
from the bed like a remote-control toy.  His shirt flew off; his 
pants fell down to the floor and slithered away from underneath 
his feet. Invisible lips grabbed hold of his hard penis while a 
spectral tongue licked and worked its magic.

Realizing what was happening, he relaxed and grinned at her; a 
grin that her mind was able to see.  His surprise was over and his 
sense of humor allowed him to play along. What did she call it? 
The Force?  Well, it certainly had its useful moments, but there 
are limits to even to The Force.

"Leia, this feels great, but I'm sure the real thing feels even 
better."  

"Oh yes," she sighed, "there is something very real waiting for 
you on this bed." 

He stood next to the bed and took hold of her head by the side-
buns, guiding her mouth to his needy cock.  She eagerly sucked at 
him while he moved his fingers around her rolled locks.  Moaning 
and gasping from the pleasure, he repeated over and over, "I love 
your hair."  The more he stroked her buns, the more energetically 
she worked on his rigid sex, until she unexpectedly broke off and 
pulled him down on top of her.  She was ready for some good 
fucking. 

He didn't want to rush entering her; the anticipation would 
intensify the result.  She was moaning for him, calling his name 
and begging to be penetrated; her clit throbbing and screaming out 
for a full frontal assault.  Kneeling on the bed between her legs, 
he stifled her noises with a kiss, pushing his tongue in her mouth 
at the same time as he pushed his fingers into her dripping wet 
mound.  She rotated her hips around trying to relieve herself 
against his fingers but she needed more.

"Please, oh please, Chakotay, please fuck me, please put it in, I 
need it hard, I need it big. Oh, I'm dying for it."  

She was in the throes of agonizing desire. Reaching  down and 
getting hold of his swollen cock, she tried to pull him in.  No 
longer able to resist he pulled out his fingers and let her hand 
guide him in.  She let out a scream as he shoved all the way in; 
her hands on his buttocks controlling the thrusts. The enjoyment 
was delicious, the arousal increasing; both of them were grunting 
and getting closer to climax.  Leia needed to come badly.  She was 
so juiced up that Chakotay had to work hard to keep from slipping 
out.  

At the moment of her orgasm something knocked Chakotay on the 
head.  Leia was screaming and things were flying around as if the 
room was possessed by dozens of poltergeists.  He recovered enough 
to join her and ejaculated seconds before the mattress flipped 
over and threw the spent lovers off the bed.  

Lying on the floor, he wrapped his arms around her and felt her 
heart pounding in the aftermath.  She was almost asleep from the 
workout and from the Force she had expended involuntary.

"Leia," he said to her as she drifted off, "next time remind me to 
wear a helmet."   

              -  End Part 1 - 


               ****************
                 BUNS   Part 2
               **************** 

                                       
Paris was at the helm. The Captain had advised him to  be 
particularly alert for any anomalies or activity. She had also 
released Leia from detention after listening to Tuvok's retelling 
of their conversation. Janeway was convinced the woman was not a 
threat and had invited her to sit with the crew on the Bridge, 
hoping to cheer her up.  Oddly enough, Leia appeared to Janeway to 
be already very cheerful, wearing a grin from bun to bun. 

"Captain, the scanners are showing there's an unidentified ship 
approaching the planet in a landing trajectory.  It  seems to have 
come out of nowhere."

"Put it on the screen, Mr. Paris." 

"What the hell is that?" Paris exclaimed, almost to himself.
 
The Bridge crew looked through the viewscreen at a very odd, 
dilapidated ship. No one had ever seen a ship of that style 
before; no one, that is,  except Leia.

She walked closer to the screen with her heart racing.

"That's the Millennium Falcon.  That's Han Solo's ship.  He's come 
looking for me."
 
Leia stared at the viewscreen and Chakotay stared at Leia.  
Everyone knew about this Han Solo from Leia's stories of the Rebel 
Alliance, but Chakotay knew more.  She had confided in him that 
Han had never made love to her.  Now Chakotay knew it was not from 
lack of interest on Leia's part.  He felt her heat as she
gazed lovingly at the Millennium Falcon.  Jealousy was out of the 
question, though; he hadn't been fucking her long enough to be 
sexually possessive. 

"Can you hail the ship, Mr. Paris?" Janeway asked.

"No, Captain.  It does not seem to have technology compatible with 
our transmissions." 

Leia was standing next to the helm when she unexpectedly became 
lightheaded. She tried to balance herself by leaning against the 
console but she was overpowered by her emotions and fainted right 
into Paris' lap.

"Mr Paris," Janeway teased him, "You have quite an effect on 
women.  Why don't you and Tuvok take the Princess to sick bay."  
She turned to Chakotay, "Commander, I'd like to check out this 
planet for myself and I'll need Leia on the away team to help find 
Han Solo.  Let me know when she's recovered.  It'll be just the 
three of us beaming down."
     
                
                **********************
The next day Leia had recovered enough to accompany the away team.  
Chakotay tried to instruct her in the elementary use of a 
tricorder, but every time she touched the instrument the readings 
went haywire.

"You need a few more lessons in The Force, Princess," Chakotay 
said to her, laughing affectionately.  "You're going to kill me 
and destroy every piece of equipment on Voyager." 

Leia laughed back at him as they walked together to the 
transporter room to meet the Captain. 

Later, after beaming down, the team decided to split up to search 
for Han Solo. An unspoken communication passed between Chakotay 
and Leia. Janeway could sense it, but said nothing.  

"Leia and I will check out those small hills where I first 
encountered her.  Perhaps we can locate the original entry point."

"Fine," Janeway agreed, "I'll continue to take tricorder readings 
in this area."

After a few minutes Janeway decided there was nothing interesting 
in the area she was checking and began walking over to the hills 
where Chakotay had taken Leia.  She didn't bother to signal, 
figuring she would keep taking tricorder readings until she met up 
with them.  As she approached the small knoll she caught sight of 
the couple from the side, at close enough range to view every 
detail.  Leia was kneeling in front of Chakotay, holding his big 
cock in her hand, licking it wildly.  Chakotay had been gripping 
her  buns when he pushed himself completely into her mouth and 
came convulsively, his body shaking as he shot deep down Leia's 
throat.  In the death-like stillness of the planet, Janeway could 
hear his orgasmic cries.    

Certain they hadn't seen her, Janeway turned and ran as far as she 
could get before her legs gave out. She was both sickened and 
aroused, feeling weak as a hot dampness grew between her legs. She 
recognized the sensation for what it was - she was horny.  She 
wished it was her with Chakotay, but that could never be.  She 
would never allow herself a sexual relationship with any member of 
the crew.  It would undermine her authority and make the rest of 
the trip home unbearable.  But she was only human and getting 
enough sex had never been a problem until Voyager got flung into 
the Delta Quadrant.  She pictured herself as a Flying Dutchman, 
destined to spend the rest of her life wandering the galaxy, 
celibate and frustrated. No! the little voice in her head yelled 
back, Somewhere, on some planet, there is a man for you, if only 
for a night here and there. Be patient....  

She pulled herself together and noticed that she had wandered 
almost a mile from that knoll and was in unfamiliar territory.  
She could communicate with Chakotay via the comm badge but she had 
no intention of doing that until she was sure he was finished with 
Leia. Instead, she went back to the boring business of taking 
tricorder readings.

She had been taking readings for a few minutes when the tricorder 
unexpectedly registered a humanoid life form directly behind her. 
Turning around, her first reaction was that her prayers had been 
answered. She was looking directly in the face of the handsomest 
man she had ever seen.  The fact that he was aiming one of those 
blasters at her in no way interrupted her hungry staring.  She 
wondered why he didn't move or speak until she realized that her 
tricorder was pointed menacingly in his direction as if it were a 
weapon.

This must be the infamous Han Solo, she said to herself. It was 
clear to Janeway why Leia fainted at the mere thought of him; he 
was a gorgeous specimen. For a few brief seconds she let her 
fantasies soar and the familiar heat returned between her legs.  
She had to shake herself loose from the reverie and remember that 
this dazzling man might blast her into oblivion. 
 
Janeway let Solo make the first move.  She was in no mood that day 
to get killed.  

"OK, just put the weapon down", he said motioning with his free 
hand, "and nobody will get hurt."

"It's not a weapon," she answered him calmly, "and I know who you 
are.  You're Han Solo and I assure you that you're in no danger 
from me."

"How do you know who I am?"

"Because Princess Leia is a passenger on my ship and we have both 
been searching for you since we saw the Millennium Falcon land on 
this planet."

He looked at her in total shock, letting the hand holding the 
blaster fall to his side. "Leia? Leia is on your ship?" he said 
anxiously. 

Janeway took a step towards him.

"Hold it right there, sister!"  he said, regaining his composure 
and raising the blaster back in Janeway's face, "Who the hell are 
you and what are you doing with Leia?"  

"I assure you, Mr. Solo, you have nothing to fear from me.  In 
fact, The Princess is on this planet as we speak.  I am Captain 
Kathryn Janeway of the United Federation of Planets and my ship is 
the Voyager..."

"United what?"  Solo was more than slightly confused and not about 
to put down his weapon until he was sure about this woman. 

"Just take me to Leia right now," he said, waving the blaster at 
Janeway. Solo did not like the looks of the uniform she was 
wearing and he wasn't totally buying her story. He had to admit to 
himself, though, that the body inside the uniform was pretty 
decent and he liked the hairdo - nice bun. 

She slowly moved her hand to the comm badge, trying not to startle 
Solo. "Commander Chakotay,  please get a lock on my coordinates 
and have Voyager beam you and Leia directly here. I have found Han 
Solo"  

She smiled her most seductive smile at Solo and said in the nicest 
way she knew how, almost cooing, "they'll be right here."

Seconds later Chakotay and Leia materialized. Chakotay's clothes 
were a little askew and Leia's buns were starting to come apart, 
but Solo didn't notice.  He was overjoyed to see her.

"Leia!"

"Han!"

Janeway was expecting to see them leap into each other's arms and 
kiss passionately.  Instead, she and Chakotay were treated to 
repartee that was like two old married people fighting. 

"You idiot!  This is some pathetic rescue attempt, as usual. 
Couldn't you have at least fixed up that heap of scrap metal you 
call a ship?"

"Well, excuse me, Your HIGHNESS.  I was in kind of a hurry to get 
here before your ass was toasted by the Imperial stormtroopers.  
Thanks for the warm welcome, your WORSHIP."

Chakotay and Janeway exchanged incredulous glances.

"Shut up, Han.  Just get moving on figuring out how to get us out 
of here." 

Janeway short-circuited this nonsense, "I think it's time for 
everyone to return to Voyager and sort things out.  Four to beam 
up, Mr. Paris." 

"Now wait a minute, I'm not going anywhere until ..." Solo started 
to say as he vanished into a transport beam.  


                  ****************

It took several days to settle Solo into the ship's routine.  He 
was giving everyone a hard time and being obstinate about sharing 
information.  Leia and Solo continue to fight like two alley cats; 
providing hours of unintentional entertainment for the crew. Tuvok 
did his best to control the altercations since every time Leia got 
angry some piece of Voyager would come loose and fly around. 
Finally Janeway had enough information to speculate on what had 
brought these strangers to the planet, and she called a breakfast 
brainstorming meeting. 

Tuvok gave the first report.  "Apparently, Han Solo was behind 
Princess Leia when she disappeared into some kind of immense 
portal on the planet Hoth.  Rather than follow her on foot, he 
flew his ship through the portal in an attempt to retrieve her.  
He was very fortunate that random quantum shiftings of the 
entrance put him in orbit around this planet rather than crashing 
him directly onto the surface."

Captain Janeway put on her "Science Officer" hat and dropped her 
bombshell. "I believe the portal is to a parallel universe.  It is 
the only explanation for why these two people are completely 
human, speak English, yet apparently live in a totally alien 
galaxy. If the portal is still on the planet, it should not be 
difficult to return them both."

Everyone agreed and it was decided that searching for the portal 
could be done very effectively from the ship using Voyager's 
sophisticated sensors.  B'Elanna was given the assignment of 
putting together a team to locate the portal.

"Meanwhile," Janeway said, trying to look very nonchalant, "I will 
continue Han Solo's interrogation in my quarters this afternoon.  
I think he might offer more information in a relaxed setting."

B'Elanna gave Chakotay an "is she kidding?" look and everyone but 
Janeway saw Tuvok's telling raised eyebrow. 

            **************************** 

It had been quite some time since Janeway had attempted a 
seduction.  She was at least 10 years older than Solo but, all 
things considered, her body had held up fairly well.  She examined 
herself naked in front of the mirror- no ugly bumps of fat, 
breasts still firm, no flabby flesh hanging down.  She felt 
confident that she could get him interested enough to jump-start, 
and  given a little bit to work with, she knew how to milk the 
rest out of a man.  She smiled a wicked little smile to herself as 
she imagined her crew seeing what a temptress their Captain could 
become.  Putting her uniform back on (without underwear this 
time), she signaled Tuvok to bring Solo to her quarters, and 
tingled with delightful anticipation. A chance like this was not 
going to come along every day in the gloomy Delta Quadrant.   

A few minutes later Tuvok was escorting the intended victim into 
Janeway's quarters.

"Tuvok," Janeway said, nervously reaching up and patting her bun,  
"Try not to signal me unless it's an emergency. I really don't 
think interrogations should be interrupted.  It's so hard to pick 
up where you left off."

"Understood, Captain." Tuvok answered, leaving the room with the 
doors sliding closed behind him.  If Tuvok hadn't been a Vulcan, 
he would have been rolling on the floor by now, laughing 
hysterically.  Instead, he returned quietly to his duties. He did 
not consider it his concern what the Captain did with this man, or 
any man.       

Solo found his own way to the couch, kicked off his boots and 
stretched out, obviously very relaxed.  

"Well, Han, how are you today?"  Janeway asked him with a big 
smile.  To herself she was saying, be calm, don't look anxious, 
don't stare at the outline of his cock (oh, it looks big), don't 
be scary,  be cool.

She sat down next to him on the couch.

"I'm fine, Captain" he said, and for no apparent reason added, 
"you know, I really like your hair."  He reached out and touched 
her bun, setting off a heavy wet flow between her legs.  Janeway 
had to struggle to keep from flinging herself on him.  

"Why, thank you," she said, "How about some coffee?"  She got up 
and walked, with difficulty, to the replicator.  She couldn't 
think of a better reason to use up a ration than what was waiting 
on the couch.

Solo smiled behind her back. Is she for real? He could tell 
instantly what was going on and what she had in mind.  NO problem, 
he thought to himself.  He wasn't getting any from Leia and this 
Captain Janeway was a decent looking woman. He could feel the 
arousal starting.

Janeway walked back with two cups of coffee, and bending down to 
hand one to Solo she almost spilled the other all over his lap.  
His erection was saluting her through his pants.  She sat down, 
trembling and at a loss for words.  

"I think the coffee can wait." he said, setting down his cup and 
taking hers away also.  He put his arms around her waist and 
pulled her closer; so close she could feel his hot breath.  

If he kisses me, I'm going to faint, she thought.  He did kiss her 
but she didn't faint; instead she realized there was definitely 
something to be said in favor of pure lust, unimpeded by emotional 
baggage or attachments.  Solo, for his part, was a Grand Master of 
recreational screwing. He liked to give and take carnal enjoyment, 
and always appreciated a nice 'Thank you' afterwards.
 
Both of them being of the same mind, they plunged headlong into 
it.  Solo slipped his hands under the top part of her uniform, 
caressing and squeezing her breasts until the nipples were as hard 
as his cock.  He pulled the garment over her head and then went to 
work on her pants, only slightly surprised that she had nothing on 
underneath. He'd seen that maneuver before.

While he was busy with her clothes, Janeway was very quickly 
reaching an unstoppable level of lecherous appetite. She ripped 
open his shirt and pressed herself against his hard muscles; at 
the same time reaching down into his pants for the main course.  
She was not disappointed by what she found.  A big hard cock 
already covered with a juicy film.  Freeing it up from its 
confines she stroked it gently with her hand and lapped up the 
seeping clear fluid with her tongue. She couldn’t take her eyes 
off his erect penis. It was magnificent; thick and long with a big 
rosy head.  Solo closed his eyes and let the exquisite feeling 
wash over him as she worked it.  Very quickly, however, her 
pulsating clit was demanding relief and she was torn between 
wanting to watch him come and wanting to get it into herself as 
soon as possible.      

Releasing him for a moment, she leaned back on the couch and 
moaned desperately. He reached down between her legs and felt the 
creamy wetness, an indication that she needed something very badly 
and very quickly.  Pushing her down onto the couch, he spread her 
legs apart and whispered to her,  "Kathryn, I'm going to fuck you 
now, fuck you very hard."  

"OH MY GOD!" she screamed as he thrust into her; the pleasure so 
intense that she had her first orgasm almost immediately.

A second later a voice was heard...

"Captain, this is Torres.  Please respond."

Janeway and Solo both came to a dead halt. She had to force 
herself to stop quivering so she could point to the floor.

"See that little badge over there on my uniform," she said to him 
as softly as possible, "please hand it to me...quietly"  He did as 
she asked; giving it to her along with a big wet kiss.

"Torres," she said, holding back her emotions as much as possible, 
"this better be DAMN important."

"Captain, we've located the portal.  We need you on the bridge 
immediately." 

"I'll be there in a few minutes.  Janeway out."

Janeway rolled her eyes and clenched her teeth. Solo got the hint 
and disconnected himself from her.
"This is not exactly fun for me either," he said with a playful 
frown, emphasizing his agony by placing her hand on his unrelieved 
erection.

Janeway's years of military discipline were a big help in getting 
herself pulled together and dressed quickly.
The training, however, did nothing to take away the bitter 
disappointment. She'd have to salvage what she could.

"Look, I don't know how long this will take.  Let's just agree to 
meet here again tonight - late.  Around midnight.  I'll be waiting 
for you.  OK?"

He nodded to her.

With that, she hurried off... 

              - End Part 2 -


              *********************         
                 BUNS    Part  3
              *********************

Janeway showed up on the Bridge in an fitfully bad mood, with just 
enough patience to hear what B'Elanna and Chakotay had to say 
about the portal.  It was good news. The location had been 
identified and the portal was showing every indication of 
remaining stable for at least another 24 hours.  There should be 
no problem flying the Millennium Falcon back through to the other 
side.  Leia and Solo, of course, would have to take their chances 
as to what would be waiting for them but there was no other 
choice.

"We're setting up the fly-through attempt to be ready in about two 
hours." B'Elanna said.

"No!" Janeway countermanded forcefully, "I'd rather wait until 
morning. 0800 hours will be fine. Lieutenant Torres, please see to 
it that Mr. Solo knows the plans; I'll speak to the Princess.  You 
have the Bridge, Commander."  Without any explanation as to why 
she preferred to wait or where she was going, the Captain walked 
off the Bridge. 
 
                  ************

Solo was killing time waiting for midnight, wandering around 
until, almost by accident, he found himself at Leia's quarters.
He debated with himself whether messing around with that horny 
Captain would ruin any hope of getting Leia, but decided it 
wouldn't since Leia never seemed to care what he did. In any case, 
it would all be over by tomorrow morning when he and Leia 
returned to Hoth. As he stood by her door he spied her walking 
down the hall and jumped in front of her, blocking the entrance.

"Well, hello PRINCESS, Would you like to invite me inside for a 
late lunch? I'm veerrry hungry."  He leered at her, smacking his 
lips almost obscenely.  

"Drop dead, Han.  You really know how to annoy me. Why don't you 
go find something useful to do.  Like sticking your head out an 
air lock."  

"Come on now Leia, you think I'm irresistible, don't you."

"You know, Han, you keep saying that and it's not getting you 
anywhere, so why don't you just give it up."

"I don't think so, not this time."  He threw his arms around her 
but she managed to wiggle out of his clutches just as Chakotay
was walking around the bend.

"Han, get lost. I'm busy," she said, grabbing an astonished 
Chakotay by the shirt and planting a kiss on his mouth as her 
hand pushed the bulge of his genitals. 

Solo laughed to himself, wondering how many times she was going
to repeat the same stupid stunt. She already played that number 
with Luke.  It wasn't convincing then and it wouldn't convince 
him now.

Except this time he WAS convinced.  Chakotay was not Luke 
Skywalker. He didn't care that Solo was watching.  He responded to 
Leia's touches by rubbing her breasts with his hands and ramming 
his swelling penis against her.  Still locked in the kiss, 
Chakotay opened the door to her quarters and the two disappeared 
inside, leaving Solo standing in the hall with his mouth open, in 
shock.

Solo knew it was his own fault. As much as he felt like punching 
his fist down this Chakotay's throat, he blamed only himself for 
driving Leia to this point. What was wrong with him?  She was 
having sex with every X-Wing pilot in the Alliance, but had 
refused all his advances. The hell with her, he said to himself, 
she's not the only woman in the universe.  Maybe he should tell 
her about his "appointment" with the Captain this evening.  That 
might shake her up a bit.

Meanwhile, inside her quarters, Leia was suddenly not in such a 
sexy mood.  The whole episode with Han had disturbed her. 
What was she doing with Chakotay?  She could have Han but some 
obstinate streak in her messed up every time.  

"Chakotay, I'm not feeling well right now," she lied.  "Please, 
come back tonight - around midnight.  I'll be waiting for you in 
bed."

Chakotay could see something was wrong, and not knowing the cause, 
he left her with a kiss and a promise to be back. He was going to 
miss her very much when she was gone.   

                 ***************************

After stalling a few minutes, Leia decided to risk leaving her 
room.  She wanted to walk around and expend some nervous energy 
but she didn't want to meet up with either Chakotay or Solo. 
She couldn't deal with male nonsense at the moment.  

Seeing the coast was clear she set off in no particular direction 
and ran smack into Captain Janeway.  Over the past few days 
Janeway had developed a sort of "motherly" attachment to Leia, and 
was feeling a bit guilty about fooling around with Solo.  She 
didn't have to be psychic to know that beneath all the bickering 
there was real affection hiding, waiting to get out.  But, she 
rationalized, all's fair in love and war and Leia had been 
fucking Chakotay, anyway.  

Putting her arm around Leia, Janeway tried the buddy approach. "I 
was on my way to the ship's hair salon.  Would you like to join 
me."

"The hair salon?" Leia said, looking puzzled.

"Princess, I don't know how things are in your galaxy," she said 
smiling at Leia, "but in this galaxy some of us have to get our 
hair cut once in a while."  Leia couldn't help laughing and agreed 
to tag along; she didn't have anything better to do.

They were early for the appointment and Pierre, the hairdresser, 
treated everyone as equals.  You had to wait your turn no matter 
what your rank.  While they were sitting, Janeway asked Leia if 
she found it annoying dealing with those big complicated buns 
everyday; she herself had enough trouble with just her own little 
regulation bun.

The floodgates were open; Leia spilled her guts to her new friend 
Kathryn.  

"These buns are a royal pain.  I've only been wearing them on 
Voyager because Chakotay loves them so much.  He's visiting me 
tonight and I sometimes think his motto is: No Buns, No Boff."
She regretted saying that as soon as the words were out; she 
hoped the Captain didn't think she was crude.    

Janeway didn't even notice Leia's language.  She was thinking 
about Solo and the Princess leaving tomorrow and decided it was 
time for total honesty. She told Leia about her own plans for the 
night.  Leia was upset, not by Solo's behavior, but by her 
stupidity in letting him slip away time after time. It became 
clear to the women as they talked that both would prefer to be 
with the other's lover for the evening.

Suddenly Leia's face lit up and she grabbed Janeway's shoulders, 
looking deep into her eyes. Sparks of The Force flowed from her 
fingers down Janeway's back.
 
"Kathryn, switch places with me tonight.  All we have to do is 
exchange hairdos.  Chakotay and I hardly ever talk - you won't 
have to say anything.  If you have the lights off he won't know 
the difference as long as he can feel the buns.  And I'll finally 
get to be with Han; I don't care if he thinks I'm someone else."       

It took just a few seconds of silent deliberation for Janeway to 
decide that this ridiculous scheme might actually work, and the 
chance to spend a night with Chakotay was worth the risk.

"YES," Janeway said to Leia, anticipation overflowing in her 
voice. "Let's do it. Try to sneak out of my room before morning 
and meet me in the Ready Room. But whatever happens tonight, you 
and Han must beam down to the Millennium Falcon by 0800 tomorrow 
morning.  B'Elanna has arranged for you to go back through the 
portal."
 
The deal was made. The women sealed the pack with a hug, each 
wishing the other luck. Leia was beside her self with joy. She'd 
get a night with Han and then a chance to go home and set things 
right.  Janeway arranged for them, on her signal, to be internally 
beamed out of the hair salon into each others quarters; there to 
wait in hiding for the denouement of the grand plan.

Pierre walked into the waiting room. "Madame Captain, you are 
next, s'il vous plait."

Janeway and Leia both smiled mysteriously at Pierre, who responded 
with a quizzical expression.  "Mesdames, is something wrong?"

"Pierre," Janeway said as the two women walked together into the 
cutting room, "I've got a very special job for you today."      

             ************************

At midnight, Chakotay arrived at Leia's quarters and let himself 
in.  The room was totally dark but he found his way to the bed.  
He was too sexually aroused by the thought of Leia to worry about 
whether the lights were on or off.  Leia never talked much during 
sex so he wasn't expecting a conversation; he just reached out  
for the buns. As soon as he felt those big round orbs of hair his 
erection got rock hard. Slipping out of his clothes he climbed on 
the bed and spent a few minutes with the usual foreplay before 
positioning himself between her legs.

So far, so good; the kissing and caressing had been marvelous but 
Janeway was still very nervous that Chakotay would sense something 
different and discover her.  She had no intentions of ever telling 
him about this deception, at least not until they were home and 
she was no longer his CO. Although anxious, she was extremely 
aroused and dripping from expectation. As she bent her knees, she 
placed her feet by his hips to signal her readiness for 
penetration, and waited impatiently for the thrill of the first 
thrust. 

Instead, Chakotay leaned over her and whispered, "Come on Leia, do 
it; you know what I like."

OH NO!, Janeway thought to herself in a panic. What? 
Do what?  Give me a clue... Leia hadn't mentioned anything. Then 
her mind flashed back to the scene she had witnessed in the rocky 
knoll. Yes!
 
She sat up and gently took hold of his throbbing hard penis with 
her lips.

"Leia, oh that's nice..., Leia, I really want to hear about your 
world and the Rebel Alliance...  I.... oh, yes... Oh..., I want to 
know more about the Force and...hmmmmm...." 

Crap!  Janeway thought to herself as she worked his dick with her 
tongue.  With the real Leia he never says a word.  With me he 
wants to have a philosophical discussion.  Janeway wondered if 
Leia used some kind of Jedi mind trick to keep Chakotay quiet 
during sex.  In any case that was not an option for her and she 
couldn't suck on him all night.  Eventually she was going to have 
to find other, more creative, ways to keep her mouth busy.

So far Janeway's romantic evening with Chakotay was not working 
out as she had expected.  She decided to take charge of the 
situation and turn it to her advantage. The cock-sucking was just 
not doing it for her. He was too distant. What she wanted was to 
feel his strong body against hers and have him touch and arouse 
her. She let go of his penis (did she detect a sigh of 
disappointment?) and worked her mouth up his body with kisses. 
When he tried to ask a question she quickly pressed her lips 
against his and rubbed whatever was available (a hand, a leg) 
against his erection.
 
She kissed his neck; she gave him a butterfly kiss on the eyelid; 
she put her tongue in his ear; she dipped her fingers into her 
cream and let him suck it off...
When she kissed his nipple she moved her hand to his testicles and 
got one finger in his rectum.  That drove him wild.  All thought 
of conversation was gone.  He moved his hands all over her body 
and gave her back as many kisses as she had given him.  Janeway 
knew she could relax and let their bodies' natural instincts take 
over.  Chakotay had moved on to a higher level of sexual 
readiness.  Even working in complete darkness he could tell what 
she needed.  Janeway was also ready for more.  She maneuvered 
herself underneath him on her hands and knees, and wisely thinking 
ahead, she placed a few pillows by her face.

He got into position behind her and place the tip of his penis 
right by the opening. She clenched her fists and drove her face 
into the pillows.  The moment he thrust in she let go a scream 
that was completely muffled.  Each thrust brought on another cry 
concealed by the pillows.  She was finding it increasingly hard to 
breath but the lack of oxygen was heightening her arousal. After 
just a few minutes, she came so hard her contractions almost 
knocked him off but he stayed on long enough to finish, shooting 
far inside her.  

She collapsed almost instantly into sleep, partly from the climax 
and partly from  near-suffocation.
        
Chakotay wondered why nothing was flying around. Leia's orgasms 
usually sent at least one piece of furniture on a spin around the 
room.  Maybe she'd finally gotten that Force thing under control.  
He wrapped his arms around the woman next to him in bed and 
drifted off to sleep.

Janeway woke up a few hours later and seeing that Chakotay was 
fast asleep, she slowly got out of bed, got dressed (undoing the 
buns), and left.  She intended to spend the rest of the night 
having dreams of contentment in her Ready Room. 
 
            **********************************

Solo entered Janeway's quarters and thought it was odd that the 
room was pitch black.  Maybe she's developed a sudden case of 
modesty, he said, jokingly, to himself.  As he started walking 
towards the bed he tripped over something hard and sharp. 

"Oh, shit!" he yelled in pain. "Would you mind, Kathryn, if I 
turned on a light?  I can't see a damn thing."  

Leia was expecting this.  The force of her mind erased the need to 
see by guiding him to the bed. Her mental control made him forget 
everything except getting undressed and satisfying her sexual 
desire. She commanded him telepathically, "Han, smell my passion.  
Taste my longing for you."

He threw himself like a madman onto the bed and dove immediately 
and hungrily into her damp mound, flicking her excited clit with 
his tongue.  His hands were on the tops of her thighs, holding the 
legs apart as she rocked with ever increasing delight.  The Force 
she released stroked his swollen cock, causing it to drip on the 
bed with the fluids of his own arousal. To Solo it felt as if tiny 
pleasure points were vibrating throughout his body. As Leia got 
closer to climax, she was unable to control her frantic cries.

"Oh Han, Oh yes, yes... Han, that feels soooo good."

When Solo heard her voice, he abruptly stopped and lifted his 
head.

"NO," she begged, trying to push his head back down, "Don't stop. 
DON'T STOP NOW."
     
"Leia?  Leia, is that you?"

She knew it was too late. The mind link was gone.  He had 
discovered her identity. 

"Yes, Han. It's me.  It's Leia."

He was feeling so many things at the same time that his brain was 
close to overload.  Where was Kathryn?  What was Leia doing in 
Kathryn's bed?  In a sudden flash of understanding he realized 
that Leia was here because she wanted him. He didn't ask for an 
explanation; he didn't need to hear any words.  He moved himself 
beside her in the bed and pulled her close. It was not everyday 
that Han Solo was overcome by his own emotions.

Leia, however, wanted to talk.  She needed to break the awkward 
silence.

"Well," she said with a sigh, "I guess it's obvious now how I feel 
about you."

"You love me, don't you?"

"I suppose so."

"I know."

She threw him over onto his back, yelling and laughing at the same 
time, "Why you conceited son-of-a-bitch!  I'll show you who's in 
charge here." 

"Show me Leia" he said, smiling in the dark. "I'm dying for you to 
show me." 

She mounted herself on top of his still very erect penis and with 
a wave of her hand turned on the lights.

"Good trick."  He said, teasing.

"I have more."  She answered, teasing back.

She sat completely upright on him, pressing her buttocks down so 
that his penis went straight up to the tip of her womb.  It was an 
exquisite feeling. She rode him slowly for a few minutes and then 
leaned over and kissed him.

"I want to see your face when you come." she said in a passionate 
whisper.

Just hearing Leia say those words pushed him over the edge. She 
watched as his face distorted into a silent scream, his mouth
wide open.  Squeezing her thighs tight enough to leave welts, he 
arched his back and ejaculated into her like a explosion.  She 
could feel the movement deep inside and let out a soft groan for 
him, collapsing by his side.  The Force could do many things but 
it couldn't revive a man after such an orgasm.  She just curled 
up next to him and hoped someone would wake them in time. There 
would be many other nights.   
   
                  *******************

"Commander Chakotay, this is the Captain.  Please report to the 
Bridge immediately"
 
Janeway was laughing inside at the thought of Chakotay waking up 
in a panic and finding himself alone.  She had spent a delightful 
night in the Ready Room; reliving everything again and again in 
her mind. She had also gone in person to get Solo and Leia.  When 
Leia didn’t show up in the Ready Room, Janeway deduced that 
somehow the two had resolved their differences and stayed together 
the whole night. When she found them in the morning, she knew she 
had been right, and now the happy couple was looking forward to 
returning to their own world.  

Chakotay burst onto the Bridge.  He wanted to take Leia aside and 
ask what the hell had happened to her but there was no time. The 
whole Bridge crew had already assembled.  He shook hands with Solo 
and from Leia he got a smile and a knowing wink.
As the group walked to the transporter room, Chakotay noticed that 
Janeway's hair was hanging loose around her shoulders and was 
slightly disheveled. He had never seen her looking like that.  

"Did you have a rough night, Captain?"  he asked playfully.  
 
She just smiled at him.


                              -  The End -   
