Archive-name: 3plus/burgular.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Burgular


I take great pity on you two fellows who have been left out in the cold
cruel night with nary a decent fantasy between you. Lets try one shall
we...

   Last night when everyone was asleep I heard a noise in the kitchen.
I put on my flimsy robe over my sweating naked form and went to
investigate. As I walked down the dark winding passageway, I imagined the
cat having knocked something off of a counter but when I turned the corner 
it was a man I found standing in my kitchen. At least I thought it was a
man. A tingle went up my spine. The sweat dripped between my breats and
buttocks.
The house seemed unusually warm despite winter's chill outside. Maybe the
heat was up to high or maybe it was just my nerves that were causing my
body to feel so hot. 
I marched into the kitchen totally unthinking. "What is going on here?" I
demanded indignantly. "I'm calling the police."
A sudden movement from the figure standing in my kitchen caused me to
freeze in my tracks. There was something very unnatural about this
man...his hips were a bit too slim, his waist a little too narrow...
In one smooth motion, he pulled the mask and cap from his head. Why it
wasn't a man at all. Her hair was sunshine golden, long and angel soft,
spreading our around her like and aura. Her eyes were a deep see green,
stunning against her pale skin. Her lips were full, almost too full for
her face but they gave her a little pout that was almost overwhelmingly
senual.
"Please don't call for help," she cried as she started to unload my silver 
which was packed away in a pillowcase. "My parents are both ill. If I go
to jail they would have no one. I've never done anything like this
before."
As she put down the pillowcase and made a move toward me, I stood in
stunned silence. "I can make it worth your while if you can just forgive
me," she sighed. I noticed that her nipples were standing out hard against 
the fabric of her soft black sweater. My breath became ragged. In a fluid
motion she peeled her sweater off over her head. I could feel the juices
starting between my legs as I saw he firm breasts, the nipples at full
attention.
Her nipples were perfect...her breasts so full. I reached out my right
hand tentatively. I desperately wanted to make contact with those breast. I
touched her nipples first one then the other. She closed her eyes and
sighed deeply, her face flushed with excitment.
She took a step forward and without a word undid the tie to my robe. She
grasped my exposed nipples between herthumbs and forefingers, rolling them 
gently but very firmly. "Harder," I said finding difficult to keep my
orientation as I lost myself to the feelings of the moment. I through my
head back as she bowed to my breats. "MMMMMMM" she said as she licked and
sucked my nipples making them stand out almost painfully hard. She grabbed
my breasts and lifted them together so that she could rapidly such and
lick both niplles. She was stimulating so much my clit started throbbing
begging to be touched, rubbed.
We didn't speak a word as we fell to the spotless linoleum. The shock of its
cold on my naked flesh caused a jolt to run down my spine. I shivered.
We kissed our mouths opening to gentle pressure. "You taste so sweet," I
said. "You too," she replying, struggling to wrap her tongue around mine.
We laid locked in passionate kissing until we were out of breath. She
suddenly stood.
I felt guilty, I was sure our interlude was over. I began to pull my robe
around me when I noticed she was standing poised in front of me rubbing
her crotch and running her tonque over her lips. "Don't put that back on," 
she purred. "I would just have to take it off again."
I watched in stunned silence, my mouth open, my breath coming harder a
faster as she slowly undid the snap to her tight black jeans. Her left
hands snaked up to her breasts and began rubbing them as she undulated
close to my face. Her right hand busied itself by undoing her zipper,
slidding it down tooth by tooth....to expose a soft thatch of baby soft
blond pubic hair. Her mound was perfect. I caught my breath as she
exposed her nakedness to me. She was not wearing anything under her jeans. 
As she slithered out of her jeans, she looked me straight in the eye and
said, "I want to eat your cunt. I want you to make me feel sorry I ever
tried to steal from you. I want you to teach me a lesson...PLEASE."
Her hips were moving back an forth as her hand sought her clit. Then
suddenly she was beside me, forcing my legs apart and pushing her fingers
into my cunt. I was so wet she could easily fit three fingers into my
tight box as she pounded me. Then she dove into my cunt with her tongue
jabbing and her teeth nibbling at my clit. I screamed as she made contact
with my swollen clit. It felt like it had to have swollen to three inches
with the level of excitment. It never dawned on me that others in the
house might hear us...I was totally lost to the experience. I started to
writhe my hips as she relentlessly dug her tongue into to my hole. She
stopped only to massage my clit with her thumb and tongue together. I was
so close....
I came in spasms clutching at the floor beneath me. I grabbed the woman's
hair and held her to my cunt as I moaned over and over again. She
continued to jab at me with her tongue held stiff.
When the spasms deep in my cunt had slowed down somewhat, I released her
hair and she slowly came up for air, giving me a few little licks as she
pulled back. "Oh, that was so sweet," she breathed. She leaned back and
spread her legs so that her box was totally exposed to me. I watched with
increasing excitement as she rubbed at her clit. My head swam as she dipped
two fingers into her cunt and began working them back and forth. She was
glistening with juice and I could see that she was wet down to her
asshole. 
While she rubbed her clit with one hand and drove two fingers into her
cunt with the other, she managed to twist her hand so that her ring finger 
could go up into her ass. Soon her fingers were working in perfect rhythm,
moving in and out of her cunt and ass at the same time. I was transfixed
by what I was seeing. My hand moved down to pinch at my still throbbing
clit.
She started moaning and rolling her head from side to side as her fingers
worked furiously at her cunt and ass. I could see her muscles clutch at
her fingers as she came. Her juice spilled from her coating her hand.
I brought myself off as I saw her muscles spasm. It didn't take much to
bring me off. I was already highly agitated and watching this incredible
woman spread herself for me was more than enough to bring me to fever
pitch.
We rested for a moment exhausted from our orgasms. She smiled at me and I
knew the night's fun had only just begun. She reached out for my sopping
cunt and began to slowly drive her middle finger in and out. I shivered at 
the sensation coming so close on the heels of my second coming. I knew she 
was going to plinge her fingers into my ass. No one had ever tried that
before but this woman had made me so hot that I desperately wanted her to
fill every hole. 
As she pushed her finger lubricated with my cum into my asshole, I came
almost immediately. She held her fingers to her lips and licked all of my
juices of them. My breath became ragged as I watched the pink of her
tongue as it ate my cum.
"Do you forgive me?" she asked. "Oh yea," I answered. "You have made me
incredibly hot. All I can think about is coming again and again. My breast
feel like they are on fire."
"I can make you come and come but maybe we could find someplace a little
more comfortable."
That simple request brought me up short. I suddenly recalled my sleeping
children and my husband lying unaware of the night's activity. My
husband...what a clever idea.
  "Would you mind some more company?" I asked her slyly I took her hand firmly
in mine and we stood up from the spotless linoleum. We embraced. And
walked hand in hand, quietly down the hall in the dark.
I silently checked each of the children's doors to make sure they were
shut tightly. Finally, we reached my bedroom. I opened the door slowly,
seeing my husband outlined by the nightlight we always kept burning. I
whispered to my companion who went to the side of the bed and climbed in
next to my husband.
I climbed in the other side. Together we dove under the covers and found
his naked cock. We began to lick it together, our tongues touching as we
worked our way around its slowly swelling length.
My husband stirred in his sleep. My companion purred at the feel of his
cock. He was almost to full erection and I could tell she was impressed
with the size of him.
"MMMMMMM, honey that's good," he said. "What the...what are you doing? Who 
is that with you."
We both giggled but didn't come out from under the covers. "Just lay back
and relax. I'll explain it all to you later." His reply was lost in
pleasure as my partner began serious work on his fully erect cock. 
She booded her head up and down on him, swallowing him whole with every
thrust.  I could see she knew just how to pleasure a man.
I spread his legs and began licking his balls and ass with my tongue. He
spread his leg to give me the added depth I reguired. I knew he was not far
from coming. The unexpected thrill of two mouths on his cock in the middle 
of the night was proving overwhelming. I shifted position so that I could
lick the sides of his huge cock every time my partner let it slide out of
her mouth. 
He was so close to coming. I could tell by the way he swelled even more
that he couldn't hold out much longer. "I'm going to shoot my cum," he
cried out. It was so intense with two tongues and mouths sucking and
pulling at him. He came in spurts of white cream. The woman swallowed most 
of it by small amounts slid down his shaft. I licked them up hungrily.
"Oh, God. That was too much," my husband said. God, who is under there
with you?
We giggled and came out from under the covers. In the glow of the
nightlight my husband saw my burgular for the first time. "Who the hell
are you?"
"Oh, she's a burgular," I answered. "What?"
"Nevermind you don't need to know who she is just what she can do," I
reassurred him.
We both put our hands on his dwindling cock. He wasn't going to get of of
the hook that easily.
We began to gently stroke him making our fingers like little butterfly
wings fluttering up and down his shaft. He began to respond as we kissed
him. The feeling of all of our tongues together was very hot. We licked
and nibbled each others mouths. My husband trailed his hand across trhe
woman's stomach, working his way to her tits. She groaned as he reached
her nipple and began to rub it between his thumb and forefinger. She threw 
her head back and opened her legs.
His hand went don to her snatch. First he rubbed her clit and then began
working her up with his hand.
I ducked back under the covers and began sucking him to erection again.
His cock swelled immediately. He couldn't believe what was going on. His
hand worked furiously in and out of her snatch. She began to moan as she
struggled to come against his hand. His thumb worked on her clit while his 
fingers massaged the inner wall of her red cunt. She came in hard spasms
and I ducked my head over to her crotch so that I could lick up her juices
as they flowed out of her. She tasted so hot and good. I kept licking and
competing with my husband's hand until I could feel her abdomen tightening 
again. My husband's thumb was relentless on her clit and my tongue pushed
harder and harder into her cunt. Just as I felt the outer lips of her cunt 
start to quiver I shifted my tongue down to her perfect asshole and
plunged it in. Her screams filled the room as my husband and I filled all
of her holes.
She threw her head back exhausted but my breasts started to tingle again
at the sight of her lovely body exhausted by our efforts. I took my
husband's head and brought it to my tits. He licked each one in turn until 
they were standing out stiffly. He laid me back on the bed and climbed on
top of me. He kept himself high up on his hands and arms as he shoved his
cock roughly into my cunt. I spread my legs as far as they would go. I was 
so wet that he didn't need to work his way in. He slipped in in one long
stroke until I could feel him touching the end of my vagina. He pushed
against it, stretching me with him huge cock. I couldn't stand
anymore...My hips began to buck and I struggled to lift my legs to his
shoulders. As I lifted my legs, he had the access he desired. He pounded
me as I came, gripping him with my tight cunt muscles. The feeling of my
muscles spasming deeply around his cock, gripping and pulling at it
brought him to the very edge. He slammed his cock harder and harder
against me, forcing my head to knock into our headboard. But he went one.
He swelled so much the I felt the fever rising in me again. We came
together, bucking and writh The bedsheets became soaked with our cum.
Our bucking served to arouse our companion. She started licking my
husband's cum out of me. It was incredible...the soft feel of her tongue,
the overwhelming wetness. My husband watched as she brought me close with
her tongue. As she continued to work at me, I noticed his cock rising at
the sight of us, gleaming with sweat and cum.
He entered he from behind, his cock sliding effortlessly into her hole.
She began to mimic his rythums with her tongue. He loked magnificant
kneeling behind her. His chest expanded with his breathing and his nipples 
were erect. Her cheeks quivered with every thrust as he drove deeply into
her from behind. I could tell by the way the her tongue was moving more
and more stiffly that she was close to coming again. My husband gripped
her buttocks and drove into her with hard, swift strokes. As well all came,
it was like being joined by an electric cord. My whole body was stinging
and tingling with the thought of her making me cum while my husband came
making her cum. The looks on their faces were too incredible. I have never 
seen such an overpowerly sexual expression before as I saw on their faces
that night. We fell in a heap on our soggy bed. 
I reached to cover us all with a heavy down comforter. We snuggled down
under the covers as the sweat from our bodies dried and began to make us
cool.
A brief snooze and we were at it again. I was the last to waken and felt a 
cool washcloth on my outer lips. The roughness of the cloth on my
sensitive clit and lips made me shudder. I didn't open my eyes as I felt
the washcloth working its way into me pushed on by eager fingers.
It was soon replaced by two tongues. The feeling was exsquisite as they
both luxuriously licked me. There was not urgency as they brought me first 
close to the edge and then teasingly let me slide back down again. By the
time they let me cum, I was begging them to lick me harder. I gripped both 
of there heads bobbing up and down and held them to my cunt until I came.
My husband's beard was bristly and I rubbed his chin against by hole while 
the woman sucked and bit at my clit.
As we surfaced from yet another round, we noticed that light was begining
to creep into the room. "I've got to go," the woman said. Her words
reminded me that the children would be up soon and that my role as mommy
was never far away. She ducked back to the kitchen and dressed. We had a
quick kiss at the back door.
After she left, I heard my husband singing in the shower. He was going to
have a great day.
As I bent to pick up silver and put it away, I could feel the warm
sticyness between my legs. I smiled at the memory of her and us...and
realized I didn't even know her name. But I had the sense that she would
be back sometime. I hoped so.

Well folks that is the end of June and the Burglar. All of you lurkers out 
there right jump in and let me know what you thought of my first porno effort.
If you guys want I will write you another bedtime story soon. Just beg,
grovel and plead.....I had great fun doing this. Hope y'all had fun too.
TTFN

--
