	!THE BURLY PAPER TOWEL MAN


	!by Martin



**ANY RESEMBLANCE BETWEEN THE MASCOT OF BURLY PAPER TOWELS AND THE MASCOT
OF BRAWNY PAPER TOWELS IS COMPLETELY COINCIDENTAL  :)



	 Drat!
	 Bizarre fascination with disaster kept me absorbed in watching
the tide of cranberry juice spreading from the knocked-over glass.  By the
time I moved, it was too late.  The juice washed over the mail, which I
had tossed on the counter a minute before, then dripped down onto the
floor.
	 Double drat!
	 I rescued the envelopes and shook the juice off over the sink. 
Then it was time to see about the rest of the mess.  Where were those
damned paper towels?  The dispenser was empty.  How about the cabinets? 
Nope.  I knew I had just bought some, but where were they?
	 The linen closet.  There was the two-pack of that paper towel
that was supposed to be super tough.  What was the name?  Burly.
	 The man pictured on the package was ruggedly gorgeous.  That's
why I'd bought this brand to begin with.  It was a shame to rip it open,
but I couldn't have cranberry juice staining my counter now, could I?  
	 I tore off a paper towel and began wiping.  Man, that thing
really *was* tough.  *And* absorbent.  I continued to wipe, but a movement
by the window caught my attention.  Was it prowlers?  Thieves?  Villains
were a constant fear of mine.  My house was far out in the woods.  There
were no neighbors for miles.  Nobody to call for help.
	 I cautiously peeked.
	 Jeez!
	 There was a guy out there all right!  He was huge!  All I could
see from where I stood was the lower half of his body, kneeling beside the
window.  I crept closer to the window for a closer look.  His tight jeans
covered heavily-muscled legs like a coat of paint.  *Everything* was
visible.  His big cock strained at the fabric.  My eyes wandered from the
legs upward.  He had the chest of a Greek god, clad in a lumberjack shirt.
 Then, his face.  It was him!  The guy on the paper towel package. 73 
	 He looked down at me through the window, but didn't say anything.
 I stared back.  He had light brown hair, which could have used a trim. 
His mustache was the same color.  I usually don't like facial hair, but it
looked perfect on him.  He was better looking than his picture.  I lost my
fear at once.
	 "Burly!"
	 "Problem?" he asked.  He meant the juice, but my *other* problem
- my wild erection at the sight of him - was claiming all of my attention
at the moment.
	 "Yeah . . . could you come in and help?"
	 He looked at the spilled cranberry juice and it vanished into
thin air!  Then he met my eyes again.  "That's taken care of.  Why don't
you come out, instead?  I'll meet you in back."
	 I was on the back porch in record time, but he had gotten there
first.  The land behind my house slopes downward, and the previous owners
had built a deck overlooking the woods.  Where I stood, the deck was
probably ten feet off the ground.  I am six feet tall.  Burly, on the
ground, *still* towered over me.  He must have been over twenty feet tall.
	 "Why don't you come down?" he asked.
	 "There are no steps from the deck," I said.  I had moved close to
the rail so I could get a full view of this handsome giant, and was
staring down toward his crotch.
	 "I'll take care of that."  He reached and picked me up with one
hand.
	 His hand was huge and strong, but it didn't reach all the way
around my body.  He grabbed my by the waist, and his fingers covered my
erection.  I knew he could feel it through my pants.  Then he moved his
other hand to support my weight.  He stood, holding me at eye level,
looking me over.

	 "Aren't you going to put me down?"
	 "Yeah, sure."
	 Burly sat down on the ground with his back against the back of my
house and his legs down the slope.  He put me on his lap while he
squirmed, trying to get comfortable.  The motion kept me from getting any
sort of balance and I got stuck between his legs, right next to his
crotch.
	 I wriggled, trying to get loose, but his legs held me tighter.  I
didn't realize what effect my movement was having on him until he moaned
deeply.  The fabric of his jeans shifted, and I could feel his pulse
against my chest as his hard-on grew larger.
	 "You like this?" I asked, looking up for his reaction.  He
nodded, his eyes shut.  "Then you'll like this even more."
	 I reached to unbutton his fly.  It was more difficult than I
thought it would be, as the button was so big and the material of his
jeans was very stiff.  I finally pushed the button through, then worked on
his zipper, which was easier.  Before long, I had his jeans open. 
Underneath them, I could see a giant thong bikini.  I thought, where does
this man do his shopping?  It was a black thong.  Under it, his gigantic
erection bulged outward.
	 "Oh, yeah," murmured Burly.  He spread his legs further, and I
fell between them.  When I stood up, the top of my head was at about the
level of his nipples.  I decided to unbutton his shirt to get a good look
at them.
	 It wasn't as difficult as the pants had been, and I had the  73
lumberjack shirt open in about a minute.  And underneath . . .!
	 Burly's chest looked like it was chiseled from granite.  His
nipples thrust powerfully outward, and I couldn't resist rubbing one.  It
was bigger around than a doughnut, and I balanced on one of his thighs so
that I could nibble at it like a pastry.  The giant moaned, and I felt his
chest vibrate with pleasure.  He reached up one big hand and caressed my
back with three fingers.
	 The novelty of the giant nipple wore off quickly (I've never been
much of a tit man) and I wanted to get back down to his gorgeous crotch. 
The problem was that he was sitting down and I didn't have the size or
strength to pull down his pants any further.  I gave his jeans a few token
tugs, though, until he realized my dilemma.
	 Motioning me off of his lap, Burly braced himself on the wall and
stood up.  God, he was huge.  I didn't come up to his knee.  He wore work
boots bigger than my kitchen chairs, which he bent down to unlace, giving
me a great view of his ass.  Watching him strip was like a magnification
of my best wet dreams.  
	 He saved the thong bikini for last.  My eyes were glued to his
crotch as his giant dick flopped free of its imprisonment.  His butt
wasn't a shabby sight, either.  I was so engrossed in watching certain
areas that I didn't notice his next action.  Suddenly, my head was covered
with cotton material.  He had tossed his underwear onto my head!  My nose
was in the crotch of the thong, and I inhaled his musky odor.  If I wasn't
hard before, I was then!
	 I took my time getting free of the black material.  When I did,
he was looking down at me expectantly, lustfully.  His giant cock - it was
over four feet long - stood erect from his body, higher up than I could
reach.  I jumped, reaching, and my fingers grazed his pendulous ballsac. 
He moaned.
	 Suddenly, his legs bent.  Warm pressure of his hands surrounded
me as I was borne up past his cock to the level of his beautiful face. 
His large, sensuous lips found my chin, and sucked gently.  His mustache
tickled my face as my chin and mouth vanished inside his.  I stuck out my
tongue and played with his larger one.  His breath was sweet, almost as if
he had just been eating chocolate.
	 Too soon, the passionate kiss ended.  For a few moments, Burly
simply held me close to his body.  I felt very safe in his arms, but
safety wasn't exactly what I wanted at the moment.  I must have leaked a
gallon of pre-cum, and my cock was trying to burst the seams of my pants.
	 Burly, too, soon tired of the inaction.  Slowly, he lowered me
until I was next to his magnificent dick.  Even if he had been a normal
sized man, proportion would have made it huge.  On a man who stood as tall
as my house, it was titanic!
	 Burly held me around the waist, pressing my body into his aroused
cock.  I rubbed it the best I could.  His skin was so smooth and warm.  I
ran my hands along most of its length - what I could reach - and moved
down to his beach-ball-sized balls.  He made noises of pleasure in his
throat as I spread his slick pre-cum around his cock's head.
	 I was in heaven.  Burly shifted his hand's position so that I was
sitting on his palm, his fingers reaching between my legs,  73 rubbing my
aroused dick through my pants.  I don't know how long he stood there with
me kissing, licking, and rubbing him.  I do know that I was disappointed
when he pulled me away and sat back down against my house.  He cradled me
in his strong arms like a baby, which was nice, but I wanted to play with
his cock again.
	 Burly had other ideas.
	 He slid his back down the wall, his muscular ass ripping up a
swatch of grass as it moved further from the house.  In a moment, he was
laying flat on the ground, his feet pointing down the hill.  I sat on his
hard chest with his arms holding me in place until he stopped moving. 
Then he let go.
	 "Get undressed," he said.
	 Standing on a massive pec, I moved to comply.  I saw his eyes
dance with pleasure as I turned the act of stripping into a sensual show.
	 When I was done, he absently brushed my clothes off of himself
and then began to feel my body.  I was slightly ashamed.  I am in pretty
good shape, and my dick is good-sized, but next to him I felt puny and
ridiculous.  What could he see in me?  What indeed.
	 "Fuck me," said the giant.
	 I almost couldn't believe my ears.  My seven-inch cock stood at
full attention, but didn't seem to quite measure up to the laborious task
that Burly requested.
	 "Please," he moaned. He bent his knees, spreading his legs.
	 Well, it was a dirty job, but . . .
	 I chose the most delightful path to climb off his body:  right
between his bent legs.  I paused for a moment to see how I measured up to
his cock, which stood straight up, throbbing.  It came up to my chest. 
Feeling playful, I gave it a hug and bent my head enough to stick my
tongue into its leaking slit.  I took enough time to spread a liberal
amount of the slick fluid around the front of my body, then I moved on,
clambering down past his soft ballsac.  His hole was exposed to me, its
pucker relaxing and contracting as Burly tried to loosen his sphincter. 
Hard muscle surrounded me on three sides as I stood between the big legs. 
Where to begin?
	 Just jump right in, I always say.  My dick slippery with the
giant's lubrication, I stepped up to the hole and stuck it in.  Burly
moaned in pleasure, but I didn't see how he could have felt much.  I
certainly didn't; the passage was much too loose.  Tentatively, I began
fucking, using one hand to caress the massive scrotum and using the other
to augment my cock's girth inside Burly's asshole - which, by itself, was
smaller than his finger's.
	 He moaned, a deep, glutteral sound, throwing his head back.  He
grabbed his cock with one hand and began pumping on it, using his own
pre-cum for lube.  With the other hand, he reached behind my body and
began playing with _my_ butt, using one finger to press against my
asshole.  That finger was bigger than the biggest dick I'd ever had back
there.  I managed to loosen up some, though, and he got it slightly in. 
It hurt like hell, but felt _excellent_!
	 Suddenly, I changed my tactics.  I placed my head against his
balls, giving myself a soft pillow.  With my right hand, I  73 started
jerking myself off.  I stuck my left arm up his ass as far as it would go,
using my hand to stroke his prostate.  In this way, I fucked my giant and
pleasured myself.  His finger was still partly in my butt, and helped
considerably with the latter.

	 Burly's hand became a blur over my head as he stroked his cock
with lightning speed.  With a jerk, he pulled me out of his hole and
placed me on his stomach, just in time to get a sperm bath.  With his cum
dripping from my chest, I came, myself.  I had never experienced anything
so perfect in my life, I thought, as I collapsed against his chest.  My
feet were in the vicinity of his navel, and I rested my head on one soft
nipple.  This was the life.
	 "Did you like that?" asked Burly breathlessly?  He, too, had
slumped back, exhausted from pleasure.
	 "Better than anything."
	 "You like giants, then?"
	 I could only laugh.  "Better than anything," I repeated.  "Will
you stay with me?"
	 I could feel him shaking his head.  "I'm sorry, but no.  There
are a lot of messes in the world that I have to clean up.  You never know,
though.  You might just find another giant."
	 "Yeah, right."

	 Our leave taking was as passionate as our introduction.  He
kissed me again, then licked my body free of our cum.  Finally, there was
nothing left to do but say goodbye.
	 "We may see each other again," said Burly as he gathered up his
clothes, pointedly leaving his thong on my deck.  
	 "I hope so."
	 I stood naked between his legs, looking up at his glorious body. 
So perfect, I thought again.  Why can't all men be giants?
	 "I have a feeling you'll get what you want in life," he said
softly.
	 Then he was gone.

	 I met Michael at a bar in the nearest town.  He was exactly my
type personality-wise, and as close to my new physical tastes as he could
get:  well over six feet tall with a big, hard body.  His face was
beautiful, actually better-looking than Burly's.
	 Burly.  I'd never get over him.  I was so lost thinking about
`my' giant that I almost didn't hear when Michael asked if we could go
back to my place.
	 "Uh, sure."
	 We talked for a while before moving into the bedroom.  Michael
was kind, witty, and intelligent.  If I had met him before Burly, I would
now be hopelessly in love with him.  But as he came up behind me to take
off my shirt, I couldn't quite connect emotionally.
	 I felt Michael brush my neck, kissing me briefly under my
jawline.  Then he reached around and began undoing the buttons from
behind.  He rubbed his crotch against my backside.  Funny, he must be even
taller than he looks, I thought.  My ass didn't even reach his crotch.
	 But, God, it felt good.  I was all tingly . . .
	 That's when Michael gasped, and leapt back in surprise. 73 
	 "What?" I asked.  But by the time I turned around, I already
knew.  My shirt was hanging off me like a robe; it suddenly seemed to have
grown to enormous proportions, and was still getting bigger.
	 Or I was getting smaller.
	 I just stood still as Burly's gift to me took its full effect. 
When the tingling passed, I was only about a foot tall, standing with my
former-sized clothes puddled around me.  Michael stared down at me in
wonder, then moved closer.  He stopped with one enormous leg on either
side of me and looked down.  God, he was more beautiful than even Burly.
	 "You know," he said, his voice now deeper and booming to my
little ears, "the Tidy-Bowl Man said this would happen."
	 We were very happy together.
