			Bus Stop

After a pleasant weekend in the country with some friends, I was
dropped in the middle of nowhere at a country bus stop to make my way
back to the city. I was busy working out that I had to wait
about half an hour for a bus, when I heard what sounded like low
moans coming from the bus shelter a few metres from the bus stop.

I wandered over to the shelter and looked through the door at the
scene that presented itself to me. A young girl, about 11 or 12 was
stretched out on the bench with her gingham skirt up around her
thighs. She was busy rubbing her hairless cunt lips with one hand,
occasionaly slipping a finger inside herself and moaning softly. The
other hand was rubbing her small budding breasts and nipples, exposed
to my gaze by the unbuttoned white school blouse.

I stood there for a few moments watching this horny scene, my cock
stiffening at the sight of this pre-pubescent girl playing with her
hairless cuntlips and small, partly formed breasts with their hard
little nipples. Finally I could stay silent no more and I spoke.

"Can I give you a hand with that?"

The effect on the young preteen was electrifying, as her eyes opened
wide with horror at discovery she sat up and pulled herself into the
corner, tucking her legs under her chin and arranging her skirt so as
to hide herself.

"Go away!", she hissed, "what do you want?".

Her face had turned a bright shade of red with her obvious
embarrasment at being caught masturbating in the bus shelter. I sat
down at the other end of the bench and smiled at her.

"I just wondered if I could help you with your orgasm. You looked so
horny laying there and playing with yourself that I thought I would
volunteer my services".

"What kind of services?" she asked. She seemed to be relaxing
slightly when she realised that I was not angry or disgusted by
seeing her frigging herself. "You can't fuck me if thats what you
want".

"Oh no", I said, reassuring her, "I meant that I could help you by
fingering you or licking you until you came, thats all".

She looked at me quizzicaly, her eyes bright with horniness.

"What, you'd lick me?"

"Yes. If you wanted".

"But boys never want to lick girl's cunts. Haven't you heard the
expression 'real men don't eat fur burgers'?" She giggled.

"Thats not true. Real men will do anything to give a woman pleasure.
I really enjoy licking cunt, it drives a woman wild with pleasure and
nothing turns me on more"

She moved her legs apart slightly, exposing her slit and I moved
forward to stroke her leg gently, running my fingers up and down the
inside of her thigh without touching her child's hairless cunt. She
moaned and shifted position, stretching out along the bench to
give me easier access. I ran my hands up her thighs and across her
belly before gently rubbing my hands across her bald pubis. She
groaned slightly as I rubbed her pubis, and I slipped a finger into
her tight child pussy which was sopping wet from her ministrations
earlier. 

"Go on then", she said.

I shifted position, laying along the bench with one knee touching
the ground, my painfully stiff cock rubbing through my trousers on
the bench below sending pleasurable sensations through my body.
Pulling her skirt right up out of the way, I bent down and placed my
mouth over her smooth prepubescent cunt, kissing and licking her thin
hairless pussy lips. She groaned louder and placed her hands under
her hips to lift her cunt into the air enough for me to get easier
access to her young cunt and pussy hole. I tongued her opening,
forcing my tongue up her young tight cunt as far as I could before
withdrawing it to flick the end across her tiny little clit.

She was moaning faster and faster now, her girlish nipples swollen as
large as they could be, her clit and cuntlips beginning to swell and
engorge with blood as she approached her climax. I speeded up,
alternating between sucking her cunt lips, nibbling her clit and
tonguing her tight hole. Suddenly she started bucking her hips,
pushing her cunt as hard into my mouth as she possibly could.

"Oh, Oh, OH GOD!", she cried  out as she came, her legs taut as she
pushed her hips up as far as she could. I fastened my mouth on her
tiny, swollen clitty and tickled it with the tip of my tongue as fast
as I could while she bucked and pushed, panting with the exertion and
the passion of the orgasm overtaking her. Finally her orgasmic spasms
began to subside and she lowered her trembling body back down onto
the bench. 

"Oh my god", she said, "I never thought it could be THAT good! I
mean, I've played with myself lots of times, but never ever had a
cumming like that before".

She sat up and rearanged her skirt and blouse. I shifted position and
sat almost beside her. My cock was rock hard and throbbing with
horniness after licking her cunt.

"Are you hard?", she asked, eying my bulge.

"Of course I'm hard, licking you and making you come has really
turned me on".

"Why don't you get it out and wank it off for me. I've never seen
someone shoot their load, except in the dirty films my cousin
borrowed from her father one time", and she giggled.

I unzipped my trouser fly and eased the top of my briefs down to
expose my swollen cock head, then eased my cock and balls through
the gap between my briefs and my fly so that they were both exposed.
My cock was as hard as it has ever been, dark coloured and engorged
with blood, my balls tight with the need to shoot my load.

"Wow! Its really big and hard", she giggled, "go on, wank it".

I took my cock in my hand and began to gently pull the foreskin back
and forth, wanking slowly while looking at her eyes which were
fastened to the sight of my throbbing cock.

"Can I touch it?", she asked, "I've never touched one before".

"Of course you can", I said, "but don't go to fast otherwise you will
make me shoot before I'm ready.

She touched my cock with one hand, tentatively at first, but then
more firmly, wrapping her hand as far around the shaft as it would
go, and then gently wanking the foreskin back and forward as I had
done. 

"It's so warm, and I can feel it throbbing as well", she said in a
tone approaching awe as she continued to wank it backwards and
forwards, now using both hands.

As she wanked me a single drop of precum oozed from the end of my
cock and glistened on the end of my glans.

"Is that it?", she asked, "have you come then?".

"No, not yet", I laughed. "Thats what's called precum, it oozes out of
the end of a man's cock when he is excited and getting ready to shoot
his load"

"Precum", she savoured the word, "what does it taste like? I've read
stories and seen pictures of women sucking men's cocks, but always
thought it was an awful idea. I don't think I could do it!"

"Precum is a little bit salty, but not as strong tasting a actual
come. Why don't you taste some. Dip your finger in the precum at the
end and then lick it off"

She looked dubious but eventually wiped the tip of her finger across
the blob of precum, scooping most of it onto her finger where she
examined it closely for a moment before licking her finger.

"Mmmmm. That's not too bad. Not that salty at all. Got any more?"

"Keep wanking it and more will come out before I shoot my cum".

She continued wanking my hard cock with both hands for a while,
occasionaly, as fresh precum would ooze out of the end of my cock she
would scoop it up with one finger and lick the precum off the finger
before continuing to wank me.

"Hang on", she said, "I want to change position"

She stretched on her belly along the bench and lowering her mouth
towards my cock gave it a tentative lick where the precum was oozing
from my cumhole.

"Mmmmm", she said, "this is much better than licking my finger".

She continued licking the end of my cock, eagerly lapping up the
precum that was now flowing copiously from my cumhole. I slipped one
hand under her body, searching for her hairless cunt with my fingers
until she lifted her body slightly, allowing me to slide one finger
into her wet and swollen cunt. She continued to lick the end of my
cock, occasionaly sliding the whole of the head into her hot little
mouth, trying to get as much of my cock head and shaft into her
mouth as she could. Her lips were wide over the end of my cock, her
cheeks bulging as she slid her mouth up and down the head and shaft,
while her hips bucked up and down, finger fucking herself on my hand.

"If you don't stop soon I will cum in your mouth. I am likely to cum
lots so you won't want me to cum there".

"Mmmmmm", was the only response I got, her mouth filled with my hard
and throbbing cock.

"Wait", I said, and shifted position, tucking my legs over the left
hand side of me and rolling her body so that it was on her right
side, while her head rested at an angle on my lap. Now I could see
her lips wrapped around my cock, the bulge formed by the head as it
slid into her cheeks, her hands wrapped round the bottom of the shaft.

I could also get better access to her cunt, slipping my index finger
into her tight wet cunt while rubbing her hard little clitty with my
thumb. She was getting really worked up, both by the vigorous
rubbing of her cunt and clit, the effect of my cock slipping in and
out of her mouth, and the taste of the precum that was leaking from
the end of my hard cock.

I could see every detail of her sucking my cock. The trail of precum
and saliva joining her lips to my shaft when she lifted her head away
slightly while squeezing  more precum from my cock, the bulge in her 
cheeks as she took the head deep into her mouth, the stretching of
her lips around my shaft as she tried to get it as deep into her
mouth as possible.

"I am going to come soon", I warned her, all the while finger fucking
her and rubbing her clit, while she bucked her hips to get maximum
pleasure out of my frigging. She lifted her mouth from my cock.

"Go on. Come. If cum is as nice as precum then I want you to come
into my mouth. I want to taste your spunk!"

The use of such crude language and the sight of her sucking and
licking my cock was bringing me to a rapid climax.

"Are you sure you want it?", I asked, "really sure".

"Mmmmm", she nodded her head, my cock jammed deep into her mouth.

"Ok then, I'll let you know when I am going to shoot so that you
won't be too surprised".

I continued to rub her swollen little clit with my thumb while
occasionaly pumping two fingers into her tight little cunt. I could
feel my approaching orgasm as my ballsac began to tighten ready to
shoot my load into the mouth of this horny little preteen.

"Ready?" I asked.

"Mmmmm", she replied.

I relaxed all control and watched her slip her lips over the end of
my cock, down the shaft, and then back up again, her mouth full of my
hard and throbbing cock. Her lips stretched as she strained to
accommodate the full length of my cock and I felt the orgasm start
down at the very tips of my toes as my leg muscles went incredibly
tight and a wave of sheer pleasure shot all the way through my body
and up my spine before the orgasm centred on my cock and balls, taking
hold of me, causing my cock to harden and twitch as I began to shoot
my load.

The girl's eyes went wide as I first started spurting into her mouth,
the force and quantity of spunk making her cheeks bulge as she tried
to control the force of it. Her lips, incapable of containing my spunk,
allowed a dribble to escape and run down her chin. She swallowed and
removed my cock for a moment to catch her breath, but as she did do a
second spurt arced up and over her mouth and cheek , coating her hair
and dribbling down her earlobe like a pearl earring. Then she got my
cock back in, and her cheeks bulged again as I shot a copious wad of
spunk into her mouth, her throat moving as she swallowed that
lot as well. I spurted again, this time catching her unawares after
the last burst, and catching the back of her throat. She coughed and
pulled my cock out from her mouth, the final spurts shooting into her
open mouth, across her chin and over her cheek and hair.

Suddenly she let out a loud moan and began to come herself as I
finger fucked her with two fingers and rubbed her swollen clit. Her
cunt was awash with cunt juices, running down my knuckles and across
the back of my hand as she humped my fingers, pressing her self as
hard as possible onto my hand as she gasped and moaned.

"Aaaaargh, Ummmmmm, Mmmmmmm, Yes, Yes, YES!", she gasped as her
orgasm tore through her body, causing her nipples to harden and a deep
red flush to spread across her face, shoulders and breasts. I slowly
stopped finger fucking her as she lay on my lap, licking and wanking
my semi-erect cock, her face and hair drenched in the vast amount of
spunk I seemed to have shot all over her.

"Wow!", she said.

"Wow!", she said again, "that was fucking amazing! The feel of your
cock in my mouth, the hardness of it when it began to spurt your
spunk into my mouth. Mmmmmmmm", she stopped as she sucked my cock
deep into her mouth again, "Mmmmmmmm", she said as she found her
sucking was making it get hard again.

I cradled her head in my arms and lifted her face to mine, looking
deep into her eyes. I kissed her spunky lips, gently at first, but
then with real passion as we locked our mouths together, our tongues
slipping across each other as we shared the spunk I had so recently
shot into her mouth. I broke the kiss and then tenderly began to lick
her face clean, her lips, her chin, her cheeks and her ear. The spunk
in her hair I could do little about, except offer her my hankie. She
mopped off the worst of it and then returned her attention to my cock.

I couldn't believe how horny this underdeveloped, virtually titless,
bald cunted little girl was turning out to be. She continued to suck
my cock, getting it harder and harder as I once again sought out her
hairless cunt with my hand and began to fiddle with her clitty.

"Will you fuck me?", she asked breathlessly, "I want to be fucked
now".

"Are you sure", I asked, "that you want to fuck me? wouldn't you like
to wait and find a boy your own age? I don't know whether I can fit
my cock into your cunt, as its so tight".

"But you can try", she said, "and you did get two fingers into me
earlier, so I think it will fit. Anyway, even if I only get a couple
of inches up me, then that will be OK".

"How are we going to do this?", I queried.

She giggled.

"Well if you don't know....".

"No, I mean what position?

"Oh", she obviously hadn't considered this, but she thought for a
moment then lay full length on the bench, opening her legs slightly
and beckoning me to get on top. The bench was narrow, and with one
hand on the floor I managed to get on top of her, but the narrowness
of the bench prevented her from opening her legs wide enough for me
to penetrate her.

"Hang on, stand up", I said, and she complied, "Now turn around and
place your hands on the bench and spread your legs wide.

She did as requested and leant over the bench, supporting her body
with her hands and spreading her legs wide to facilitate easy entry.
I lifted her gingham skirt and pondered her small little ass and the
sexy sight of her hairless cunt, wet and open, ready for fucking.
I took my semi-erect cock in my hand and brushed the end across her
cuntlips and clit causing her to gasp in pleasure. Then I gently
eased the head between her tight little cuntlips until just the head
was inside her cunt. She was breathing quickly, her nipples hard
little lumps as I caressed them, my other hand rubbing her belly and
pubis, tickling her clit as I paused with the head of my cock tight
inside her girl cunt.

As I rubbed I felt her relax, her tight cunt easing slightly so that
I was able to press forward slightly, slipping another inch or so of
my cock into her preteen cunt. I continued this for a couple more
attempts before I was convinced that I had as much cock in her cunt
as she could possibly accommodate, about two thirds. I was so far up
her cunt that I could feel her cervix resting against the tip of my
cock, and knew that that was the limit to which I could penetrate her.

Now that I had stuffed my cock into her tight little hole it was
slowly stiffening to full hardness, so I pulled back gently, pulling
my cock to the entrance to her cunt, almost popping the head out
between her tight cuntlips, before sliding it slowly back into her
cunt until it was as far in as before. She was really turned on by
the feel of my cock inside her, I could feel her engorged cunt
twitching as waves of pleasure shot through her body, causing her to
gasp and moan.

"Do it quickly", she gasped, "I am going to come again soon. Come
inside me, come on ... quickly".

I needed no second bidding. I began fucking her with vigour, plunging
my hard and throbbing cock into her wet and swollen cunt as far as it
would go, and then pulling it out almost to the limit, feeling her
tight little cunt spasm and twitch as it pulled and squeezed my cock.
Suddenly she began to throw her head around and her legs began to
tremble. Her cunt twitched as though in peristalsis, milking my cock
each time I rammed it all the way into her and pulled it out again.

"Oh God! Aaaaaa. AAAAAA. AAAAAA. YES!! Oh God, yes, yes, yes".

She climaxed noisily, moaning and wailing as her third orgasm shot
through her body causing her muscles to tense and spasm as wave after
wave of pleasure like she had never known before shot through her
body again and again.

The sound and sight of her moaning in orgasm, coupled with the
gripping milking effect of her hot tight little girl cunt tipped me
over the edge as I blasted shot after shot of hot spunk into her
grasping little preteen cunt. The fit between my cock and her cunt
was so tight that it could not contain all my spunk, which began
dripping from around the edges of her hairless cuntlips and trickling
down her legs.

Finally our orgasms subsided and we fell onto the bench hot, sweaty
and streaked with spunk from our exertions. She examined her cunt,
opening her cuntlips to looks at the spunk trickling from her hole.

"Wow!", that was really nice. Look at this ... my first spunk!!", she
exhibited her spunky hole proudly as she began rubbing her clit, "I
think I might come again ...", her voice trailed off.

I bent quickly and began to lick and suck her spunk filled cunt,
licking her hairless cuntlips which were slick with our combined
juices. I fastened my mouth over her cunt, and licked and sucked her
little clit which was hard and pulsing, and slippery with my spunk
and her cunt juices. As her cunthole began to spasm it forced out
more of my seed which I had planted deep into her child cunt, and
which I sucked and licked as eagerly as she had sucked my precum
earlier. I knew she was close to her fourth orgasm then, her little
cunt twitching and spasming as it grew closer under my probing
tongue and nibbling lips.

In the end she just gave a little gasp of pleasure when she came, her
nipples hardening briefly as she thrust her cunt hard into my mouth
and I lapped eagerly at her clit and cunt hole. Her spasms slowly
subsided as she sat close to me, leaning her head on my shoulder.

"Phew!. I'm knackered after that!", she said.

We got dressed slowly, looking at each other as we did so, both of us
knowing that, more than likely, we would never see each other again.

"Will I see you again?", she eventually asked.

"I doubt it", I said, "It wouldn't be a good idea, not with you being
young and me being old. If anyone found out then they would send me to
prison for what I have just done".

"Shame", she said wistfully, "but I see your point".

She walked over to me and stood on tiptoes to plant a kiss on my
lips.

"Well, thanks anyway, 'Bye", she said, and left without a backward
glance.

Five minutes later my bus arrived. As I travelled home I sat there
wondering how old she was, and it was only then that I realised that
I did not even know her name. A smile played across my face. Even
though we were two strangers at a bus stop, I doubted that either of
us would forget what had happened that afternoon for the rest of our
lives. Even now I can't pass one of those country bus stops without
looking wistfully at the shelter and wondering what she is doing now,
and whether she still likes to go to the bus stop.
