Archive-name: Bestial/buttrfly.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Butterfly


   He climbed  to  the top of the shallow hill, found a suitable spot
under a banyan tree and sat down,  facing the valley.  from here,  he
could see  up  the valley  to  where the hills  curved slowly  to the
right;  the glittering trail of the river running along the bottom of
the flattened v-shape.   nearby,  he could see thousands of shades of
green  in  the foliage; distance gradually  reduced  these to a lush,
verdant shade,  which he saw as the epitome of rich, vibrant life; he
could imagine that  this  was  the sort  of jungle which could suffer
almost total defoliation and regrow within two months,  stronger than
before.  he entertained a mild fantasy of  the jungle growing through
the nearby developing city,  lianas insinuating themselves in windows
and down drains,  along conduits,  tearing  the  buildings apart  and
bringing  the  territory back to the  primal  state from which it had
been wrested.
   He reached  out  idly  and  snapped the dry,  brown end off a vine
which dangled overhead, popped it in his mouth and chewed it.  he had
no idea what it was (there were thousands of undiscovered and unnamed
plants  in  this area),  but within  a few minutes he felt the effect
which the locals had described; a loose, boneless relaxation, a dizzy
detachment  from  his  sense  of  physical  presence  which  abruptly
vanished,  giving  a  feeling as if  he had been dumped back into his
body.  this was the third time he'd tried it, and this time, he began
to feel it - a definite sensation of arousal.  smiling to himself, he
undid his jeans  and slid them off,  followed by his underpants,  and
sat in the shade of the tree, eyes closed, with no particular impulse
to masturbate towards orgasm;  he was  content to sit there and enjoy
the feeling.   his sense of feeling became more pronounced;  he could
feel the individual ridges of bark on his back, could identify single
blades of grass tickling his side, and the feeling of the cool breeze
stirring his pubic hair was enough to make him want to spend the rest
of his life there.   the sounds  of  insects and birds faded into the
background,  and for a moment,  he was suspended in a timeless pulse,
in  which  he  felt  that  he  was  a  small  part of the convoluted,
infinitely  varied  life around him.  when  the  feeling  passed,  he
couldn't say how long it had lasted;  his sadness at what he saw as a
return  to  his mundane physical state was  slightly  tempered by the
slowly mounting feeling of arousal.  he shifted slightly, moving from
his sitting position  against the tree to lie flat on the ground, his
head supported slightly by  a  hummock of grassy ground which covered
one  of  the tree's massive roots.   he stretched, arms folded behind
his head,  relishing  the  feeling  as his erection waved in the cool
air,  and  began an exercise which he'd learned from an associate,  a
professional   deviate   in   Cartagena,   which   involved  rhythmic
contractions  of  the perineal  muscles.   with each pulse,  his cock
shifted upward toward his belly,  the timing of the pulses stretching
out until  he  was holding the muscles clenched,  his penis quivering
with the effort.  slowly,  he relaxed, his penis shifting downward to
orient upwards;  he  waited  for  the space of six breaths  and began
again.   he  found  the  motion  of  his  penis  as  it  dropped back
wonderfully stimulating,  and  so he spread  the timing of the pulses
until his erection was moving back and forth like a metronome.
   Growing  bored  with  this after about ten minutes,  he decided to
see how long he  could keep it in one position;  he  carefully tensed
until it was pointing at  about forty-five degrees,  and then held it
there.   this required  a great deal  of  concentration,  and  to his
surprise,  the quivering of the muscles around his groin seemed to be
slowly bringing him to a climax.  as he maintained that attitude, the
feeling wavered just short of orgasm.
   A  tickling sensation  on  the  head  of his penis almost made him
lose  his  concentration.   he glanced down and received a mild shock
when  he  saw that  a  large butterfly  had  landed.   It exposed its
beautifully coloured wings  -  which must have  been at least fifteen
centimetres across  -  and then turned around to face him,  balancing
artfully  on  the  underside  of  his shaft, waving its wings slowly.
with an effort, he kept as still as possible and examined it.
   From the underside,  the neon colours of its wings were muted, but
still  striking;   its  forelegs  gripped the head of his penis,  its
feathery antennae pointing out like  a handlebar moustache,  each one
dipping slightly in turn,  almost as if  it were  slowly waggling its
eyebrows at him.
   The effort involved in  keeping his erection motionless diminished
slightly,  and once the quivering in his muscles faded, the butterfly
seemed assured of  a  steady perch and  it  crawled forward until its
wings were  held out parallel to the ground,  a  delicately  jewelled
parasol.   after being  on  the point  of  climax  for  the  past two
minutes,  he suddenly found himself having to stave off orgasm; if he
came,  he'd drench the butterfly,  or at the very least, make it look
for a more  stable landing pad.   he  closed his eyes and bit his lip
with the effort;  he had  almost overcome the feeling  and had opened
his eyes,  only to see the butterfly extend its spiral tongue and dip
it  into the slit at the end of his penis,  to  drink the salty fluid
which had gathered in  a droplet there.  the hesitant, tickling touch
pushed  him  over the edge,  and  he came,  his penis jerking upwards
spasmodically,  drops  of  come shooting up to  land on his chest and
belly,  gradually falling closer  to his groin with each pulse.   the
final spasm pushed a stream of pale fluid out  to run down the top of
his shaft.  amazingly, the butterfly had hung on throughout the ride,
wings waving erratically  as it kept its balance;  it crawled further
forward  to dart its tongue into the liquid which was still emerging.
he watched in amazement as it drank,  occasionally arching  its wings
back and then  folding them down to cover the head of his penis,  all
the while coiling and uncoiling its tongue.   after about two minutes
of this,  his erection began to subside;  possibly sensing this,  the
butterfly dipped both antennae  in  what  he  imagined to be a jaunty
gesture of thanks, carefully turned around (the tickling sensation of
its  sharply  terminated  feet  almost inspiring  another  erection),
flapped its wings twice  and departed.   he followed its  path  as it
moved through the air,  dodging drunkenly around the  branches of the
banyan,  until  it  was hidden by the masses of foliage which grew in
collusion with the tree.

--
