Archive-name: 3plus/buttrflz.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Butterfly People


     Albert  Carling  looked up as his secretary  came  into  the
office.  Barbara  Trini was the perfect image  of  the  executive
secretary.  Poised  and tall, she moved and spoke  with  complete
self-assurance  and had the knack of taking control  of  whatever
situation  she found herself in. And she was not too damned  bad-
looking either.

     This morning, Carling noted that she looked especially good,
wearing  clothes  that were subtly out of character for  her.  At
first glance, she was merely a well-dressed, well-coiffered woman
with  a  somewhat regal bearing. As she moved,  however,  Carling
noted  that she wore a moderately sheer white blouse with a  very
sheer  seamless bra beneath it. Only when she drew her  shoulders
back did the dark shadows of her nipples become visible.

     "Good morning, Mr. Carling."

     Her  shoulders went back proudly and he looked at  the  dark
shadows staring at him. And just as quickly, they were gone.

     "Good  morning, Barbara. Did you get a chance to  look  over
that manuscript last night?"

     She nodded.

     "What did you think of it?"

     "I...I thought it was very interesting."

     "Interesting?"

     She smiled down at him.

     "It should sell very well. If it doesn't get banned first! I
didn't know we published that sort of book."

     Carling smiled back at her.

     "That's our problem, Barbara. We don't, and that just  might
be  one  of the reasons we're losing our asses! This  dirty  book
could  put  this firm back in the black! We might  just  have  to
ghost  publish the damned thing - sort of like Disney  does  with
Touchstone  Productions. But it's a damned gamble. If  the  thing
turns  out  to be just another porn book, we'll be out a  lot  of
money   and  subject  to  becoming  the  laughing-stock  of   the
publishing world.

     "That's why I need your advice."

     Barbara was taken by surprise.

     In the three years she had worked for Albert Carling, he had
never asked her, or anyone else to her memory, for any advice.

     "I'm not a critic," she told him.

     "You're  a  classy  lady," Carling told her.  "I  need  your
opinion as a classy lady, not as a critic."

     Barbara  blushed  in  spite  of  herself  and  realized  her
shoulders  were  back, pulling the fabric of her  blouse  tightly
across  her breasts. Carling's eyes were fastened on  them.  This
time,  she took a deep breath and held it for a few  moments.  He
licked his lips in unconscious appreciation.

     "Did you like the book," he asked.

     "Parts of it."

     "What parts didn't you like."

     "Well, there were some things about men together that didn't
really  do much for me, but they didn't really bother  me.  There
were some other things that..."

     "Go on. It's important."

     "Well, they described some things I hadn't really..."

     "Heard of?"

     "No.  I've heard of them. It's just that, well,  I've  never
really considered them in that light. Besides, I think it was the
characters that made it so interesting."

     "The characters?"

     "Uh  huh. They're like people I might know. I mean, I  could
see the people, but when I read about their thoughts and secrets,
I got sort of..."

     "Excited."

     "Right," Barbara smiled shyly.

     "That's  why we have to publish the book. This Woban  fellow
has found the lost chord of erotica! But there are some things  I
think might have to be changed. Like this part here."

     He  indicated  the open manuscript on the desk in  front  of
him.

     "See?  This part right here. It's the man's secret  memories
of  his  first time with his mother's friend. Do you  think  this
passage should be changed? It doesn't seem to read right."

     Barbara  suddenly realized he was talking to her  chest.  At
the  realization, her nipples began to stiffen and she  let  them
protrude through the thin bra and blouse. She also realized  that
Albert  Carling was inviting her to stand beside him in order  to
read  the passage he was pointing to. She stepped beside him  and
leaned down to read the text, her left breast rubbing against his
shoulder. She felt the faint shock ripple through his body.

     "Do you think it's wrong of the woman to take advantage of a
boy like that?" he asked.

     Barbara  immediately thought of the way she had seduced  her
uncle.

     "It was something he wanted to do," she said. "It would have
been different if she had seduced him, but he was the one who got
her all hot and bothered."

     Carling   smiled  and  his  fingers  slowly  underscored   a
paragraph:

               His hands ran up and down the inside  of
         her thigh until she could no longer stand  it,
         and  involuntarily spread her legs  under  the
         heat of the afternoon sun. His hand slipped up
         to  her crotch and wormed its way beneath  her
         bathing  suit to feel the hairy  moistness  of
         her pussy.

               "Harry," she whimpered. "It isn't  right
         to do that."

               She  could see his penis stiff and  pink
         protruding from the leg of his own suit.

               "Look at you!" she chided.

               He smiled up at her.

               "I  saw  Mommy and Daddy like  this  one
         day," he told her. "They didn't see me."

               The   small  hand  had  found  the   wet
         softness  of her pussy and stopped.  She  held
         her breath and then, when he did not continue,
         let it out and felt his fingers begin to  move
         gently.

               "Be careful," she told him.

               "I will."

               "What were your Mom and Dad doing,"  she
         asked, trying to visualize the very prim Donna
         Willets and her husband horsing around  beside
         the pool.

          "Daddy  was  doing this and  Mommy  took  his
         thing  in  her mouth and kissed  it  over  and
         over. He liked it."

               "I'm sure he did!" she sighed.

               The  fingers  were beginning to  have  a
         definite  effect on her as she visualized  her
         best  friend going down on Bill  Willets.  She
         realized  that something had changed and  when
         she  looked down she saw Harry's  head  within
         inches  of her crotch, his breath hot  against
         her thigh.

               "Harry!"

               "This is what Daddy did. Except  Mommy's
         pants were off," he told her.

               "Don't. Let me up," she protested.

               "Daddy was right," he went on. "It  does
         smell nice!"

     Barbara's  eyes  followed  his fingers as  they  traced  the
descriptive  prose  telling the story of a  twelve-year  old  boy
seducing  a woman in her late Twenties by imitating what  he  had
seen  his  parents doing. It was not her favorite part,  but  she
could see it had quite an effect on Carling.

     "Is that how it was with you?" she asked.

     He laughed uneasily.

     "It's probably best not to personalize."

     "That's the best part of the book," she objected. "It's  not
the sex - it's the secrets and the way the characters excite each
other! You have to personalize it or it doesn't work."

     He looked up at her and nodded.

     "It  wasn't  by a swimming pool," he told her.  "And  I  was
fourteen."

     "So was I," she whispered softly.

     "It  was my mother's cousin who was staying with us,  and  I
used to spy on her when she took a bath."

     "My uncle," she answered. "I teased him until he..."

     "God!" Carling exclaimed. "This damned thing is a  catalyst.
I haven't felt this way since Joanne."

     Barbara  stepped away from the desk. The heat of  the  man's
body was setting her on fire.

     "If  we're going to discuss this anymore, maybe  you  should
lock the door. You don't have any appointments for another hour."

     Carling  stood  up and walked to the door  and  snapped  the
lock. She could see his hard penis sticking through his trousers.

     "It was my first time," he said as he came back to the desk.

     "Tell me."

     "She  used  to  lay on her bed  and  read  movie  magazines.
Sometimes she would play with herself."

     "She let you watch?"

     "I hid. She didn't know."

     "I  did that, too. I used to watch my uncle in  the  shower.
His thing looked so big!"

     "Yes. I remember how hers looked. It was brown and when  she
got  excited,  it was like flower petals opened. I  got  so  hard
looking at her that I thought I was going to hurt myself."

     Barbara laughed a throaty laugh.

     "When did you first touch her?"

     "I  let  her catch me naked a couple of times and  then  she
caught  me  spying  on her. I had my pants down and  she  was  so
worked up from playing with herself, she just stood there looking
at my thing."

     "Was she pretty?"

     "Not  really. But I thought she was beautiful and  told  her
so. She kissed me and said I should leave."

     "What did you do?" Barbara asked excitedly.

     Carling's  face twisted slightly and he stood up,  his  hand
lifting  Barbara's  skirt  and firmly taking ahold  of  her  soft
mound, now dripping into the bikini briefs.

     "This!" he told her and his fingers pulled away the  panties
and slipped up inside her.

     "I finger-fucked her and she told me how to do it. Then  she
let me suck her tits. They were stiff and hard. Just like yours!"

     "What did she do to you?" Barbara insisted.

     "What do you think?"

     "She sucked your cock, didn't she?"

     "Yes.  Just  like  you sucked your uncle's  big  dick.  Suck
mine!"

     Barbara  reached down had drew his fingers out of her  pants
and to her lips. She looked into his eyes as she licked them off,
one by one.

     "You'll tell," she whispered.

     "No. I won't tell. Let me eat you."

     She sat back on the desk as he knelt between her thighs.  He
reached up and pulled her panties aside, pressing his lips to her
clitoris. His tongue ran down and found her wet hole. His fingers
spread  it  open  and she felt his tongue  slip  up  inside  her.
Looking down, she began to come and pulled his face closer to her
thrusting her wet pussy against his face.

     His cock was out and he made her kneel down in front of him.
Placing one hand on either side of her face, he impaled her  lips
with  his cock, pressing into her without mercy as her uncle  had
once done. She massaged it with her tongue and squeezed his balls
at the same time.

     "You  suck me just like Joanne did!" he groaned.  "Did  your
uncle fuck you like Joanne fucked me?"

     She took her head away for a moment.

     "Uncle  Jack fucked me like a dog. And he came all  over  my
ass."

     Carling groaned and pulled her to her feet, pushing her down
over  his desk. She felt his cock enter her and cried out  as  he
buried it to the hilt, her ass rubbing his pubic hair. Slowly  he
pumped  in and out of her, gradually increasing his rhythm.  Then
he  pulled  out and she felt the warm come spurting  against  the
crack of her ass and running down her thighs.

     Carling pulled her to her feet and kissed her deeply.

     "I want more!" he told her.

     "Yes!"

     She  could  feel his come running down her  legs  under  the
skirt. His cock hung between them, limp and wilting.

     "Tonight. I want to come in your mouth."

     "Yes," she said again. "Come to my apartment."

     She stood away from him and reached under her skirt to with-
draw  a large glob of white come. She grinned at him and  smeared
it  on her lips and licked them off. Then she unlocked  the  door
and left the office as he hurriedly closed his trousers.



     Julie  Trini  lost  her virginity when  she  was  seventeen,
crying out in pain as the boy thrust himself into her thinking he
was exciting her with his mad, rutting motions. Years later,  she
realized that she had to share the blame for the insensitivity of
the  event having urged the boy on, anxious to know what  it  was
like.  It hurt and she cried. The boy, unnerved by her  reaction,
slapped her and pushed her out of the car in front of her  house.
She never forgave him or it and vowed to get even.

     Three  months later, she found out that women had their  own
kind  of love. It had been Pam who held her and let her cry  when
she  told  the  story  of her deflowering at  the  hands  of  the
nameless  dolt. Pam had kissed her and soothed her, and then  had
insisted on inspecting any damage that might have been done.  Her
hands  had been soft and warm as they gently probed and felt  the
secret places inside her.

     Pam  was  short and muscular with small, flat  breasts.  She
openly  admired  Julie's lithe body with its  delicate  tits  and
curved  ass. Of course, Julie had heard about Lesbians,  but  her
friend, Pam, was no dyke. Her hands felt so good as they massaged
Julie's stiff muscles and soothed the hurt between her thighs. In
gratitude,  she had hugged the girl and kissed her  cheek.  Pam's
response had surprised her when the girl let out a sob and buried
her face in Julie's neck.

     They  had  made love - that is, Pam had made love  to  Julie
then, covering her body with tiny kisses and finally bringing her
to  climax.  It was not something that possessed Julie,  but  she
never  broke  her relationship with Pam, despite  the  subsequent
string of men who shared her bed and body.

     She  sat  in the living room drying her hair as  her  mother
nervously moved around the apartment.

     "Didn't you say you were going out tonight?" Barbara asked.

     "What's the matter? Got a big date?"

     "No! I was just asking."

     "I  thought  I might improve my mind watching  T.V.,"  Julie
replied.  "I'm not cramping your style, am I. You're not  chasing
that young stuff, are you."

     "I am expecting someone, actually," Barbara said.

     "And  you  would appreciate it if I was  to  disappear.  You
don't  want him to know you're old enough to have a  daughter  my
age. Right?"

     "Really! It's someone who'd rather be anonymous."

     "You're screwing a married man! Fucking great, Mom!"

     "Please!  I'm not screwing anybody. We'd just like a  little
privacy."

     Julie laughed and got up.

     "You're in luck, Mom. I'm a little tired tonight so I  think
I'll go over to Pam's for a few hours and relax."

     Julie  left the apartment and a little while later,  Carling
knocked at the door.

     "Who's there?" Barbara asked.

     "Uncle Jack." came the muffled answer.

     She  opened the door and he saw her naked standing in  front
of him.

     "I  used to be like this when he would get home from  work,"
she said.

     "How old were you?"

     "Fourteen. That's when I first made him fuck me!"

     Carling  had  stripped off his clothing as  she  talked  and
walked to where she stood.

     "Suck my cock!" he commanded.

     "Maybe."

     "Maybe?"

     "That's right. What do I get out of it?"

     "Did your uncle always give something in return?"

     "Always!  If  he came in my mouth, he had to do  whatever  I
asked him. He did it, too! And so will you, Albert."

     They  stood  close  together, she holding his  cock  and  he
fondling her round ass.

     "Do you like my ass?" she asked.

     "I love it."

     "Kiss it for me. I love it when it's kissed. Then maybe I'll
let you come in my mouth."

     Carling pushed her down over the arm of the sofa so that her
ass  stuck  up  in the air. Gently, he ran his  tongue  down  the
length of the groove.

     "Is that good?" he asked.

     "More."

     "Joanne liked me to lick her ass, too."

     His  tongue  found tender spots and tickled them  until  she
began humping the arm of the sofa.

     "Your ass is prettier than hers," he told Barbara. "In fact,
everything about you is prettier than her."

     He made her kneel on the floor in front of him and suck  his
cock as deeply as she could. He had no mercy but fucked her  face
relentlessly.  When he came, she held her mouth open and he  took
his cock and shot the come all over her lips and chin.

     "Did Uncle Jack to that?" he asked.

     Barbara  nodded. Then she kissed him and he tasted his  come
in her mouth.

     "He did that, too," she grinned. "How about Joanne? Did  she
share the goodies with you?"

     "Who  would have ever guessed you were such a  horny  little
piece!" he marveled.

     "What  would people say if they ever found out about  either
of us?"

     "It's important that they don't."

     She caressed his cock and balls.

     "Let's go to bed," she suggested. "We have some work to do!"

     He  kissed her again and stroked her ass as they walked  to-
gether to the bedroom.

     Pam had not been feeling that good and when Julie rubbed her
back for her, she fell asleep. Julie sat alone in her living room
for awhile and then got up and headed home. Hopefully, her mother
would have sent her guest home by now.

     When  she opened the door to the apartment, she saw a  man's
clothes  spread all over the room. Wide-eyed, she tiptoed in  and
looked  around. On the floor beside the couch were some  familiar
spots.  She looked closely at them. She was sure they were  come!
Her  mother had been getting her brains fucked out while she  was
giving her dyke girlfriend a backrub!

     For  her  mother's bedroom came familiar  sounds  of  people
making love. She went over to the door and eased it open a crack.
Her mother was astride a man whose face she couldn't see. All she
could see was his cock going in and out of her mother's cunt. She
had   never  before  noticed  what  a  sexy  tush  Barbara   had.
Apparently, the man had because he was holding and stroking it as
he  fucked  her.  From time to time, he would wet  a  finger  and
tickle  her  asshole  with it and Julie heard her  squeal  as  he
inserted one finger up to the second joint. Instead of objecting,
she  had  ground her ass into him harder until he  had  two  more
fingers deep in her ass. Julie was speechless as she watched  the
woman making love to the stranger. Barbara exhibited a style  her
daughter never suspected she possessed.

     The two began to change positions and Julie ducked back  out
of  sight.  Soon, however, the sounds told her  they  were  fully
occupied  and she peeked in once more. They were in a  sixty-nine
position with Barbara still on top. She had the man's legs spread
wide  as she sucked his cock and played with his balls. As  Julie
watched,  Barbara licked the length of the man's cock, laved  his
balls, and licked his tight asshole as he moaned into her cunt in
pleasure.  Barbara  went back to the man's cock and  engulfed  it
deeply,  fucking it in and out of her mouth. Julie could see  her
mother humping furiously against the man's mouth as she ate  him.
The  shock  had  worn off and was quickly  being  replaced  by  a
strange excitement as she spied on the two.

     "I'm coming!" the man gasped and Julie's eyes widened as her
mother  milked the raging cock into her mouth, swallowing  as  he
shot his load into her.

     Julie  had sucked men from time to time, but had  never  al-
lowed one to come in her mouth. Seeing her mother swallowing  the
anonymous  man's come, however, was the most exciting  thing  she
had ever seen. The two were giggling and talking quietly together
and she slowly eased the door closed and went to her room. Taking
her  clothes off, she lay down in the dark and contemplated  what
she  had just seen. She could not imagine who the man could  have
been.  Her mother had been seeing no one that she had been  aware
of.

     She  had to admit that her mother knew how to choose a  good
cock. And she knew how to treat it, too! Julie could picture  her
mother's  ass bobbing up and down on the wide root,  white  froth
from her pussy coating the shaft and seeping down over his balls.
Her  mother had a beautiful ass. Julie knew, now, where  she  got
hers.  No wonder Pam liked it so much. Actually, Julie told  her-
self,  Barbara  Trini was a beautiful woman. Julie  fingered  her
cunt trying to tell herself that she had not gotten turned on  by
the sight of her own mother's ass.

     But  she  had. Barbara had taken three fingers  in  her  ass
while that lovely cock ran up her wet pussy. She closed her  eyes
and thought of Barbara's pussy over her face, the same way  Pam's
had been. She moaned and lifted her feet high above her,  opening
her legs. She had four fingers deep in her pussy fucking as  hard
as  she could, her breath coming in harsh panting sounds. As  she
started to come, she moaned loudly.

     "Julie, are you all right?"

     Barbara stood in the doorway looking at her daughter  coming
on the bed. Julie let out a wail of despair and rolled over,  her
orgasm still shaking her body. Barbara stepped into the room  and
closed the door quietly.

     "It's all right," she told her daughter.

     "I'm  sorry,"  Julie cried. "I couldn't help it. I  saw  you
with that man and I got so turned on!"

     "You...saw?"

     Julie turned over and threw her arms around her mother.

     "You're so beautiful, Mother. I didn't know."

     "What did you see?"

     "I saw everything. I saw you on top of him making him  come,
and  I saw you come, too. And I wanted... I'm so sorry.  I  can't
help it," Julie sobbed.

     "Let  me send him home and we'll talk," she told her  daugh-
ter.

     "No! Please! Not because of me. I want you to be with him."

     Barbara smiled.

     "We're  both getting a little tired," she smiled.  "I'll  be
back in a few minutes."

     When  Barbara did not return right away, Julie went  to  her
door  and looked into the living room. Barbara was seated on  the
sofa.  The man was kneeling in front of her, his face  buried  in
her pussy. Her fingers played through his hair as he ate her. His
cock  hung limp beneath him. Julie smiled. Her mother  had  taken
the starch out of it.

     When the man finally left, Julie ran from her room and threw
her arms around her mother again.

     "You're not mad at me, are you?" she asked.

     "No. But I'm embarrassed. How much did you see?"

     "I saw you fucking him, Mother. God! You do it so good.  And
then  you  made him eat you while you sucked his  cock.  Did  you
taste your pussy on it?"

     "Julie! Is that you talking?"

     "Well, did you?"

     "I suppose I did. What does it matter? You really  shouldn't
have been watching."

     "Will you teach me?"

--
