BUZZIN AROUND
(C) Copyright 1991 Bill One
 
  This was going to be the first year that the annual SM party would have
a "tickle room", and we had been assigned the task of coming up with the
right theme for the door that would blend the heavy SM main party theme,
and the much more light hearted atmosphere of tickle room itself.
  Nancy had come up with the final blending idea, which both Mary and I
were quite proud of.  Our "doorkeeper" would have the buzzer that allowed
access to the room, and one would have to tickle them until they let you
in.   We had tried a few practice sessions, and found that the keeper
would soon hit the buzzer to avoid tickling, and let you in without work.
So, just to make them want to avoid the buzzer (and to fit in with the
theme of the outside party) we attached the buzzer to a strategicly
placed cattle prod.  With a little experementing we found a setting that
insured that they tried to resist quite a long time before giving in.  The
guests all knew that as soon as the buzzer was pressed they had to stop,
and the keeper got 2 minutes to relax before the next guest could try.
  And naturally, we gagged and bound them in a manner that allowed guests
full access, with a display case of implements availiable.   We finally
got everything set up, and set up Nancy for the first shift.
  We had not expected how popular our attraction would be.  People were
having contests to see who could make Nancy press the button fastest.
Most of them were not even going in for the main tickling events, but
just enjoying the door fun.   After an hour or so she started the
infamous tlist three showed up and did such a good job that whenever
they came by again she automaticly pressed the button as soon as they
so much as touched her.  We upped the setting of the prod until they
could at least get started before she hit the button.
  Well, Nancy's shift was almost over, and mine was about to start.  I
had mixed feelings between excitement and fear.  There were catcalls from
the party asking if I would hold up better, and some betting as to whether
men would hold up better under tickling then women did.  There was a line
forming for me even before I started untying Nancy.  I unhooked everything,
and took Nancy down.  She curled up in a little ball on the blanket we had
and went to sleep almost immediately.
  My turn now.  Mary secured me to the frame, hooked up the prod, taped
the button to my hand, and gagged me.  I could see the tlist three as the
first ones in line.  They were talking to Mary, and it looked like they
were deciding something.  Mary came back and made an announcement "I
have decided to let the tlist three work as a team.  I'm taking bets on
how long he is going to last."  Wow, that sounded exciting.   I could
see them eagerly waiting to attack.  Big sadistic grins, little wiggling
fingers, and every one of them a bottoms worst fear, tops with a mission.
  They started in with a vengence, causing me to start shrieking into
my gag within seconds.  I was thrashing wildly, and there was no escape.
With only one tickler, some parts can escape tickling some of the time,
but with three nothing got any escape at all.  I had not yet hit the
button, so they were deciding that they should step up the attack!  No,
this was getting to be more than I could stand,  I couldn't even imagine
what a stepped up attack would be like.  I'm glad I was gagged, since I
would have otherwise made a fool of myself begging.
  I whimped out, I couldn't hold out any longer.  I hit the button to
end it all (and administer the shock) because I figured that no amount of
shock could be worse than this.  NOTHING HAPPENED.  I looked around,
MARY HAD FORGOTTEN TO RECONNECT THE BUTTON!!!!!  The three were stepping
up their attack once again...
