OPEN MARRIAGE CHRONICLES: A SERIES

"Good-Bye, Steven"

By ELLEN


When my husband, Bill, first opened his practice,  he lured Steven away from a
job as a business manager for  another engineering firm. At first, I worked as
Steve's  office assistant. I learned a lot about management under him,  but the
boss's wife can get in the way of an office manager.  So after a year, I stayed
home to take care of the house, the  boat, the beach condo, and all the other
things we were  paying others to do. 

Last month, on his 32nd birthday, Steve gave his notice  to leave for his home
town in Wisconsin to work with his brother in a consulting venture. Bill had to
be in Wichita that week. I came down to the office to help Steve finish up 
his last 3 days. 

"I'll miss you, Steve," I told him on his last day,  during lunch at a dimly
lit Chinese restaurant. I'd been too  busy the last few days to think about
anything but the flurry of work.  Steve was watching me. His square jaw and
straight brown hair remind me of an intellectual John Wayne.

He replied, uncomfortably, "Not as much as I'll miss you." 

I smiled. A sexual attraction had developed between us during my year as his
secretary. Occasionally, when handing 
me a file or pencil, his hand had lingered, brushing mine. 
Neither of us acknowledged the subtle tension, shrugging it 
off as normal, a harmless office attraction between opposite 
sexes who work together. 

Stephen didn't know that Bill had encouraged me to date 
a dozen different men over the past year. Sometimes, Bill 
watched, usually hidden from view. 

Because Steve had been a good friend to Bill and me, I 
wanted to show our appreciation. So when he was driving back 
to the office, I placed my hand over his, leaned to 
innocently kiss his cheek, and offered, "We'll be finished up 
within an hour. Why don't we leave the receptionist in 
charge? I'll go home, prepare dinner, and you can come over 
at seven. We can go waterskiing or, if you prefer, just watch 
a VCR movie."

He grinned, "A movie sounds great. I'll pick one up at 
the video store on the way over."

at home, I called Bill in Wichita and asked him not to 
phone me that evening, telling him why. Bill eagerly agreed. 

I set out two bottles of chilled champagne alongside the 
table's gleaming candles and dimmed the chandelier. I changed 
into a red satiny dress that exposed my long legs. A cutout 
circle displayed the upper contours of my breasts. 

Steve was attired in a white polo shirt and gray 
slacks. Over the next hour, he'd touched my hand a half dozen 
times. Laughing at a memory of me once dumping a handful of 
pens across an office drafting table, he leaned toward me 
with a sisterly kiss. I noticed him stealing glances at my 
breasts. 

His second kiss was intended for my cheek as he offered 
"thanks" for the dinner.  I turned softly, placing a hand on 
the back of his neck. Intoxicated by the champagne, I pressed 
my lips to his, lingering, then lost my nerve. Turning my 
head away, I was afraid of what I was feeling for Steven.  

My heart fluttered. My knees were trembling as I rose 
from the chair and said, "The movie you brought over sounds 
like fun." I walked to the living room, closed the drapes, 
and inserted the tape into the VCR. 

Steve sat a moment, then strode into the room with the 
second bottle of champagne and our glasses. He sat alongside 
me on the couch, handing me a misting glass. His arm 
slithered around my shoulder. I'd seen the movie before, and 
finally, Steve admitted he'd just realized he had also seen 
it. 

We laughed. I punched off the remote control switch, 
leaving the room in dimness. The champagne bottle was empty. 
My senses swirling, I stared down at his bulge growing 
beneath his slacks. Pretending I hadn't noticed, I breathed, 
"Would you rather dance?"

His adam's apple bobbed. He nodded affirmatively. I 
turned on the stereo as he reached for me, holding me 
closely. Halfway through the song, our eyes locked. The 
softness of my breasts heaved as my lips parted in surrender.

He leaned to kiss me.

I shuddered in desire, my arms encircling his neck. 

He whispered, "I don't want to come between you and 
Bill."

My voice quaking, I muttered, "I know. This is for 
friendship, my good-bye gift." I don't think I believed it. I 
moaned as his groin grinded against mine, his lips brushing 
my neck. 

Stumbling down the hallway, I led Steven toward our 
downstairs bedroom, trembling passionately as I was kicking 
off my red heels, fumbling at the buttons of his shirt, my 
dress, his belt buckle. 
He stared at fullness of my breasts as the dress puddled 
to the floor. His lips grazed the firm, reddened nipples. 

At the bedroom door, I fell to my knees, pulling off his 
slacks. His pale white shaft swayed before my lips. I softly 
nibbled his member, caressing it with my tongue, my lips 
probing its rubbery length. I drink very little alcohol, and 
the swirling effect of the champagne and the feel of his 
lengthened manhood drove me into ecstasy. 

He groaned, pressing his hands to my face as my 
trembling lips worshiped his hardness. "Oh, god, Ellen, I've 
wanted you since I first met you. More each passing year." 
His cock slowly pistoned into my mouth. 

I rolled my eyes up at him and breathed, "I know." My 
lips glided up and down the glistening surface from its head 
to the thick, brown pubic hair. 

He pulled me to my feet, caressing my breasts as he led 
me to the waterbed. Moonlight filtered through the window 
opened to the lake, a warm breeze lifting strands of my hair 
as Steven swept me to the bed. He hovered above me. My face 
burned, reddened with passion. 

My voice fluttering, I moaned a word I'd never used but 
now seemed perfect, "Oh, honey!" I trembled in white-hot 
passion, my eyes wide as his hands probed the contours of my 
breasts and stomach. His long manhood found the vee between 
my quaking legs, now lubricating madly. I cried softly, 
fearful of what I felt for him. 

His engorged cock-head grazed my vaginal folds. 

I wailed in desire. My hips swirled wildly until he'd 
sunk its full length within my nest. I squeezed my creaming 
walls around it as he withdrew halfway, then thrust again and 
again until we were fucking in wild abandon. 

I was crying, "Oh, honey, I love it, I love it!" I 
locked my legs around his hips. Something wonderfully 
different was happening! My quivering lips formed an "oh" for 
this adultery like no other I'd known. My eyes widened in 
awesome wonder, like a FIRST love, and we WERE in love at 
that moment as we murmured, together, "I love you." I smiled 
at his surprise that he had said it, but as the realization 
sank in, our desire multiplied, increasing our ardor in 
quantum leaps. His cock expanded and lengthened in the glow. 
My legs gripping him, I felt positively radiant with passion!

Our minds and bodies were now one, bonded by our 
utterances of adulterous love. The waterbed rolled madly 
beneath our writhing bodies, carrying us through heaven's 
clouds to a blazing galaxy I'd never visited with any man, 
not even with Bill. As we fucked, I thought how godlike we 
were, our bodies united by Steve's steaming cock and my 
glowingly lubricated cunt, reigning over a kingdom of planets 
that were boiling in lust. I'd once read somewhere that each 
adulterer has one experience that overshadowed all others. Oh 
GOD! I recognized at that moment that Steve's fucking would 
be my ultimate! As wonderful as adultery is, none could match 
this soul-searing intensity!

Now he groaned as the beginning of a cosmic orgasm 
flooded up from deep within his groin, his hips shuddering 
as his manhood continued to expand to enormous proportions.

I was frantically rotating my hips, my clitoris 
fluttering, then pounding in a mind-boggling symphony with 
his body. My head rolled, my hair flailing the air, my eyes 
bulging at the awesome, unleashed power of adulterous passion 
washing over us in fiery waves of pleasure. Every sense was 
heightened now, oh god, my cuntal walls throbbing in the heat 
of each thrust and withdrawal as the ultimate tool hammered 
deep into me. I was screaming with pleasure, sobbing as he 
sobbed, and, oh god, fucking this man I loved, matching his 
         every stroke, feeling his enflamed broad cock-head searing 
the back of my creaming cunt. In shuddering ecstasy, I 
screamed, "OH, STEVE, I LOVE YOU! OH, HONEY! I LOVE YOU! I 
LOVE YOU! I LOVE YOU!" as Steve groaned, "Oh, GOD, Ellen, I 
love YOU!" 

And then! Oh GOD! It came in mega-thunder, rolling over 
us, the ultimate orgasm exploding in a billion starry 
fragments, my vision blurred by warm tears and the stellar 
glow of a supernova. Flames from our planet's core erupted 
around us, the searing lava of his semen bursting and 
splattering within my supersensitive walls. Our warm creams 
melded, washing over his cock from head to base as the 
floodtides rushed through my fervid, shuddering channel. The 
maddened beast of lust ruled the universe! I screamed at the 
power of the orgasmic release, imagining my shaved mound and 
lubrious tunnel glowing red with pleasure.

He collapsed onto my limp body, his cock firmly within 
my creaming cunt, our arms entertwined in the afterglow of 
adultery and the intoxication of champagne. We stared at 
each other in celestial wonder. The rolling waterbed ebbed, 
fluttering earthward. Whispering my love, I cried, now 
crushed by the realization that this first time would be our 
last. My watch had scratched my wrist. Removing it, I glanced 
down, realizing we had been making love for an hour.

My mouth brought him again to hardness.
He mounted me from behind.  My knees sank into the 
waterbed like coconuts in wet beach sand. My cuntal walls 
quivered as his velvety cock slowly filled me to its base.  I 
breathed out a hissing sound through my trembling, oval-ed 
lips, then squealed as he began fucking me.

Feeling his spear ramming through my lubricated 
softness, I cried and laughed at once. I murmured, biting my 
lip, "Why couldn't we have been doing this for three years, 
you fucker? You KNEW we loved each other!"
 
He groaned and said simply, "Yes," and fucked me for the 
eternity of that glorious night.
 
I could have been joyously happy the rest of this 
lifetime fucking no others but Bill and Steven. But life 
isn't like that, and it wasn't to be. And although I was 
once happy with only one man in my life, Bill changed that 
by encouraging me to date others. It has now been a year and 
a half since my re-birth through our liberated marriage.  

Having crossed the threshhold of adultery, I could never 
have returned to the secure island of fidelity. Other men 
were to share my mind and body, but I was to learn that none 
would be quite like Steven.

