                              Another HAA Phile
                             Written by MR. GiMP
                       "Really cool ways to raise hell"

DISCLAIMER: NOTHING THAT HAPPENS AS A RESULT OF THIS PHILE IS MY PROBLEM. ITS
YOUR ASS IF YOU FUCK UP.

1. You can take some shit(literally or not) and put it in a box. Label the box
formally "Congratualations! You've won the <whatever> sweepstakes. You were 
chosen of all the people in <whatever town> as the winner!!!
Then drop the box off at someone's house that you really hate. When they open the 
box, whatever you put in the box will be reveled. If it smells really bad, 
they'll die or choke of something like that. You can also put a fake prize 
that will blow up of something like that in the box, this 'll relly get 'em.

2. Take some dead fish into school one day. Make sure the fish is in some 
sort of air tight bag so that it will not smell and make you look and smell
dumb. During one of the early morning periods, flush the fish down the toilet.
The smell will be in the pipes for a long time. They may even close school 
because of it. This works great if you wanna miss school.

3. Go into the backyard of your victims house. Find the phonlines that connect
to the house. Snip the wires. get some more wire and connect the lines that 
you snipped th their neighbors house and Vice versa. If you do this correctly
they will get eachother's calls and will have to pay to get it fixed.

4. This is a simple and full-proof way to raise hell. Take a match, light the 
phone lines on fire. It will look like the phone lines caught fire, and 
accidentaly caught the house on fire too. Oh well... The company might get 
sued for the damages. Either that or the people will have to pay for the
damages themselves.
NOTE: Make sure you dont leave the match there. If you do, you shouldn't
even have this phile because you dont have enough comon sense too.

5. You can just blow a lot of stuff up or do something like that. You can set
fire to a car, or blow up a house. YOu can do these things with matches, 
lighters, or explosives!!

That should hold you anarchists off for a while.

Text Written by- MR. GiMP-HAA President

