
From ddail@efn.org Sun Oct 29 18:51:30 1995
From: Who? Me?
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: wakeup.txt (M/f, pedo, family, cons)
Date: Fri, 27 Oct 1995 08:17:09 GMT
Message-ID: <46q4eo$bbg@ixnews6.ix.netcom.com>





                            The Family Wake Up

   The alarm radio switched on at 6.30 and the soft music gently drew Jane from her s
leep. She woke
to find her husband, Tony, still sound asleep beside her. Not surprising after the at
hletic
performance he managed the night before. He had driven her to new heights of exstacy 
with his
imaginative love-making. Jane was still feeling very high. She gently drew back the c
overs to reveal
Tony lying naked beside her. His prick partially erect laying across his hairy stomac
h. Jane bent
over and took him into her mouth and started to suck his prick to life. He was fully 
erect before he
woke.

   Tony rubbed his eyes  "I'm sorry Hon. But I promised Gina an early morning fuck, a
nd after last
night, I really don't think I can manage more than one decent load of cum this mornin
g," he said
apologetically.

   Jane made a mou. "Right", she smiled, "in that case I'll just have to go and see i
f David is
awake yet" She kissed Tony's cock one more time and swung herself out of bed. She loo
ked at herself
in the mirror. For a 30 year old she was in great shape. Five foot nine tall, 36c bus
t, 120
pounds and curved in all the right places. She examined her neatly trimmed pubes and 
then slipped on
a see through robe. "Would you like me to tell Gina that your ready when she is?" she
 asked.

   "Yes please" grinned Tony. "tell her that I'm on the boil and ready right now!"

   Jane opened the door and walked along the hallway to her daughters room. She knock
ed and opened
the door without waiting. Gina was laying on her bed wearing a short, see through bab
y doll top and
no knickers. She was only 10 years old and clearly her tits had not yet started to
develop. She was laying on her side looking at a porno magazine and fingering her hai
rless little
slit.

   "Dad says that if you still want a good morning fuck he's ready and waiting right 
now honey,"
said Jane. "I'm just going to see if David can do anything to cool my cunt down befor
e I go off to
work. I'll see you in a while."

   With that she bent over, kissed her daughter on the lips, gave her sweet young cun
t a light
fingering, and left the room to see what David was doing in the next room.

   She didn't bother to knock. She walked in to find David asleep with the covers thr
own back to
reveal his young athletic 12 year old body. Jane moved to the bed and let her robe dr
op to the
floor. Gently she took David's youthful penis in her hands and started to work it to 
an aroused
state. It didn't take David long to reach a full erection. Even though he was only 12
, he could
boast a decent five and a half inches and not much less thick than his father. David 
woke.

   "Wow Mom. That feels great. Why don't you move round and give me some head?"

   "I was rather hoping that you could stop my pussy from itching before I go to work
" she said
"Would you rather have a 69 or a proper fuck?"

   "Lets 69" he said "I'm feeling a bit lazy right now and besides I always get reall
y high thinking
about cumming in my Mom's mouth. I love it when you swallow it afterwards."

   Jane moved onto the bed. She took David's engorged prick in her mouth and opened h
er legs to
straddle his head. David reached up and fingered his Mothers cunt lips as she lowered
 herself onto
his face. She let out a sigh of pure pleasure as David's tongue touched her erect cli
toris
and his breath cooled her neatly trimmed pubes. David groaned loudly and lustfully as
 his mother
sucked on his dick. Letting her tongue roam over the soft, velvety skin of the shaft 
and the shiny
surface of his purple knob. It was only minutes before Jane felt her first orgasm of 
the day
approaching as David licked and tickled her clitty. He gently eased a spit covered fi
nger into his
Moms anus. Watching it disappear into the clinging brown entrance he thought about a 
previous
weekend when he had had his first experience of fucking her in that tight hole. All o
f a sudden he
was cumming. Jane began another orgasm and her juices dripped onto his tongue. He cou
ld feel his
balls bubbling and the sperm flowing up his shaft to explode against the roof of his 
mothers mouth.

   "That was great Mom. Any time you want to wake me up like that you just come right
 along. Do we
have time for another?"

   "I'm sorry but I have to get to work.  I must shower and get ready. Why don't you 
turn on one of
the porn videos dad gave you yesterday and have a wank before breakfast?"

   Jane climbed from the bed and picked up her robe. She headed back to her own bedro
om. The door
was open and she could hear the sounds of Tony and Gina heading towards a climax so s
he stopped by
the entrance and watched for a while. She loved to watch her husbands prick slide in 
and out of
Gina's slick 10 year old cunt. The young nymphet moved beautifully. She was sitting a
stride her
father, lifting herself up and down on his engorged prick. As Jane watched, they move
d together like
a well rehearsed dance team into a new position. Gina settled herself on her knees an
d elbows with
her sweet little ass sticking up in the air, whilst Tony penetrated her from behind. 
She could
clearly see Ginas little girl pussy stretched tight around Tony's fat cock as they bu
cked and humped
in unison. Gina let out a cry of pleasure as her fathers cum splattered into her swee
t little cunt.
As he continued to pump into her, his seed oosed out in a foamy white mess around the
 sides of his
still hard manhood. Jane would have loved to watch all day but she had to dress for w
ork. For that
matter so did Tony, and the kids had to get
off to school. She watched a few minutes more while Gina climbed off her daddy's dong
. Her hairless
little cunt glistened with sex fluids and Tony's penis plopped, covered in sticky jui
ces out of her
tight hole.

   "Come on you two. Just time for a shower if you share." said Jane to the two of th
em as she heard
the door to the second bathroom close behind David. "You don't mind if I go first do 
you? I'll only
be a couple of minutes. I just need to wash David's spunk out of my hair before it dr
ys and have a
quick shower."

   Not waiting for a reply she moved to the bathroom. Leaving the door open, she firs
t pee's loudly
into the toilet then showered. Today she decided to shave her cunt hair completely. S
he felt that
Gina's cunt was so attractive in its hairless state .... and she needed to look her b
est today!"

   After her shower Jane dressed in her sexiest clothes. No bra!  No panties! Stockin
gs, suspenders,
5 inch heels, a micro skirt that came only 5 inches below her cunt lips and a sheer, 
almost see
through top. She looked in the mirror. "Great!" she thought. "I should really get
them going this morning!"

   David walked in wearing his shorts and sporting another erection. "Gee Mom you loo
k great. Any
chance of a quick one before you go?"

   "Sorry Dave but I've just put on my makeup and anyway I'm in a hurry. Why not see 
if Gina can
help. She looked pretty hot just now. She's in the bathroom with Dad but I think she'
s still
cleaning her teeth." With that she left to drive to the office.

   David opened the bathroom door. "Any chance of a quick one before I get dressed Gi
na?"

   "Sure, but first come here and lick me out will you. I'm so sticky with Dad's cum 
that I won't
enjoy you otherwise."

   David knelt before his sister and tongued her gently. Gina spread her legs to give
 him better
access and smiled at her father who was watching from the shower.

   "Would you like a little fun?" she asked her brother.  His reply was muffled by he
r cunt lips but
she took it to be a yes. With that she started to pee over her brothers face. He trie
d to drink as
much of his sisters sweet nectar as he could but was clearly not able to cope with it
 all. Tony
jumped from the shower  to his assistance, and lifting Gina into the air, held her ov
er his open
mouth. They all started laughing as this was one of their favorite games.

   The voice on the radio announced that the time was 7:45. They all rushed to get dr
essed and out
of the house. The kids on their way to school and Tony to his office. Tony first made
 sure that the
dog was fed and in his run in the yard ready for the girl to come by and walk him lat
er that
morning.


