
                             A Wake-Up Call

    It's 6:30 as I glance at my watch when I finish parking on your
street, and I wonder if you'd been up as late as two o'clock calling
bulletin boards again.  I climb the stairs and struggle somewhat with
your door key, trying to avoid too much noise that'll startle your dog,
who should recognize the sounds I make by now.
    Once inside, I remove my shoes and grab an empty glass before I hit
the refrigerator on the way to your bedroom.  The sun's just begun to
rise in the eastern window, which provides a pleasant glow within the
room.  I pause to watch you as you sleep.  You're laying in somewhat of
a fetus position on your right side, your legs are pulled up, arms
folded in front of you.  Not knowing whether or not I'd stop this
morning, you went to bed nude anyway.  The light sheet was pulled up to
just-above your breasts, with your left arm outside their protecive
covering.  You are in a deep, peaceful slumber, hardly breathing, a
smile on your face.
    I approach you from behind and lean over to kiss you on your left
ear-lobe, just lightly, then kiss my way down your neck, pulling away
your hair as I go.  You're somewhat startled at first, but in your
subconscience mind you're only having a dream.  You roll onto your
back, pulling the sheet tightly across your bountiful bosoms.  I move
my head down to your left nipple and gently bite it through the sheet.
I can feel it growing harder as I nibble at it, ever so gently, not
wanting to wake you, yet.  I reach over to your right tit and cup it
from underneath in my left hand, gently squeezing it within my palm,
pinching the growing nipple between my thumb and forefinger.  I can
feel your heartbeat increase as I alternate between squeezing your
breast and pinching and biting your nipples.
    Glancing up, I see the smile on your face growing, I feel your
breath increasing against my face.  You're still deeply asleep, having
a pleasant dream....
    Kneeling on the floor beside your bed, I remove my left hand from
your tit and slide it under the sheet to your left thigh.  You're hot
to the touch, which tells me my hand must feel very cold as I gently
caress the soft soft skin of your upper leg...up and down, avoiding
your pussy, still biting gently and pulling on your nipple through the
sheet.  Your left hand moves to the back of my head and pushes it
against your breast, your right hand moves under the sheet toward your
warm mound.  Your legs part as your right hand begins to rub around the
outside of your cunt-lips.  Your left hand releases my head and joins
your other hand, one above and one below the sheet.  I look again and
see the smile growing even more.
    Releasing your nipple, I move down the side of the bed and pull
myself under the sheet.  As I approach your pussy, I can smell your
musky aroma...and I watch as your right hand rubs your pussy lips
between your middle and ring fingers, up and down.  I get the
impression that this is what you were doing shortly before you fell
asleep a few hours before!
    Moving over your left leg, I fight against the sheet being pushed
by your left hand, and work my way up, kissing your soft skin from just
inside your left knee upward toward your pleasure box, occasionally
biting your softness between my teeth.  At the same time, I lightly
brush the inside of your right leg with my fingertips, opposite to
where my lips are kissing.
    Your legs open more for me, allowing me to pull my body, still
under the sheet, in between them.  Your left hand moves to your
nipples, your right hand finds my head and pulls it, forcing my nose
against your clit.  I manage to reach around with my hands on either
side and pull your lips apart, exposing your hole to my tongue.  I
wiggle my moustache against your growing clittie, causing an immediate
thrust from your hips toward me.  I insert my tongue into your hole,
licking up and down the inside of your lips, then pucker my own lips to
allow me to suck from your hole.  I suck a little, lick a little, suck
some more and lick some more, avoiding your clit except for when you
buck your hips upward against my nose.  I wish I could breathe through
my ears!
    Your breathing has become almost frantic, you moan, your words are
incoherent, you really enjoy this!  You're so wet now, both from your
own secretions as well as those from my licking.  You pull your legs
upward to help thrust against my mouth, so I reach my right hand around
and under your left leg and insert first one, then two fingers into
your hole, freeing up my tongue to flick back and forth across your
erect little clit.  Moving my fingers into your hole and back out,
curling them inside you, pulling against the lower part of your cunt
before removing them.  My fingers are soaked, like everything else, so
I slide them down to the bottom of your pussy and find your puckered
ass opening and rub the wetness against it.
    Still nibbling at your clit with my teeth, I pull gently at it and
flick it, inside my mouth, with my tongue.  I suck it, I bit it, I
flick it, I fight against your thrusting hips, I insert the tip of my
middle finger into your back door and move it around until it loosens
up enough to add my ring finger.  In and out, my pinkie finger tracing
your crack, in and out, my index finger tracing along the insides of
your pussy lips, in and out, flicking and biting your clit.  I shift,
replacing my left hand with my right (my fingers are getting TIRED!),
and reach the floor with my right hand to find the glass that I'd
brought into the room.  I stop working on your clit for a fraction of a
second, and when I return, I have an ice cube between my teeth and
touch it against your engorged clit, causing you to have a series of
convulsions.  I continue working my left-hand fingers in and out of
your ass as I try to keep that ice on your clit, but your raging hip
movements make it difficult.  All at once you stop and your hips become
limp...I remove my fingers and mouth, and look up to see your heaving
breasts as you try to regain your breath.  Pulling out from under the
sheet, I see that you're now wide awake, your eyes are glazed over, but
you're definately awake, and the smile on your face tells me that you
enjoyed being awakened this morning....


    I move up, kiss you firmly on the lips, then go into the bathroom
to wash your delicious wetness from my hairy face...I gotta go to work!
Perhaps I'll stop by tomorrow morning, too....perhaps not....
