Copyright (c) 1997  Taka Hike.  ALL Rights Reserved
This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted at mrdouble@airmail.net.




"Wally's World"
by:  Taka Hike

Part 1


BACKGROUND
Wally Dewar was in a deep depression over losing his wife in a car accident. Up until this point Wally had very little reason to despair. He was the heir to one a great fortune and lived a life of luxury. He had never liked modern society, the pollution, the crime, the hypocrisy of politicians. More than ever now he just wanted to get away from everything and never come back. His daughter was only 3 and wasn't really able to grasp the significance of her mother's sudden absence.

Wally gradually became reclusive and the only other person he spent time with was his daughter. Just one month after his wife's accident he called together his company's engineers and told them that he was prepared to make them all wealthy men.  Their mission was to design and supervise the construction of an island retreat/fortress that was totally self-sustaining. Somewhere where he could go and never look back, or be dragged back.

Construction began almost immediately and his new island home was ready to inhabit so quickly that Wally's daughter, Miranda, would celebrate her 4th birthday on the island.
Although she was five before the workmen finally left, she had been kept away from them completely and she had no idea that any construction had been taking place.  By the time she was 7 she believed that Wally and her had been alone on the island her entire life. When she began to ask questions about who made things, Wally had no one else to give credit to but himself. She began seeing him as more of a god than a father. She would do anything to make him happy. Partially because of his extended isolation from women and partially because his daughter was so eager to please him, Wally began to take sexual pleasure from holding her. His hands began lingering on her developing body. When Miranda hugged him, he ran his hands across her shoulders and over her buttocks as though she was an adult woman. He filled his hands with her incredibly soft ass cheeks and squeezed them, lifting up her entire body until her tip toes barely touched the Earth beneath her. His kisses became less like a father and more like a lover. A shot of fear ran through him. He did not want to frighten her, but sometimes he lost himself in the moment and touched her in places that fathers do not touch. Yet each time when he realized what he was doing his eyes raced to locate her expression so he could measure what harm he may have done in his lapse of self control.  Would she be crying or perhaps too frightened to speak?  His grip weakened by fear, and his heart skipped a beat as his brain urgently tried to read her girlish thoughts.

How could he explain to her a full grown man's lust?  But the only reaction on her face was an impish smile as she innocently surrendered herself to his manipulations.  It was moments like this that he wondered whether something might be wrong with her.  How could a little girl just stand there smiling while an grown man puts his hand in her pants? In one of Wally's earliest journal entries describing the growing sexual tension between them he writes:

"Miranda's skin has turned a deep golden tan from the island sun. This afternoon we were relaxing on the West cove when I was struck by the contrast between the rich color of her skin and the faded sun-bleached cutoff shorts she was wearing. Maybe because we have been alone now for so long I have began to lose sense of Miranda as my daughter, or even that she is a child. I think I began lifting the cuff of her shorts up so that I could see the color of some untanned skin for a comparison.  Only she has been walking around here daytime in a bra and panties long enough that by the time I'd rolled the cuff back enough to expose a pale line (the white crease between her thigh and her body), the fingers of my right hand were resting on her vulva. I traced my thumb back and forth along her slit several times in an instinctive desire to bring her pleasure. Only the childish sound of her voice asking me how I was making that feeling broke the spell and sent me frantically pulling her pant leg back down. To my horror, only now was I considering what my daughter's reaction might be to this intrusion.  Fortunately as I looked up at her angelic face she seemed totally unaware of any wrong doing. She seemed to forget all about soon after.

At least that's what I thought at the time. An hour or so later I came upon her sitting on a boulder near our main house. She was leaning back on her left hand and her right hand was resting in her lap.. Her knees were drawn up to her chest and her eyes were closed. A long thread of glistening moisture was hanging down from between her legs over the rocks. It sparkled in the late afternoon sunlight in a way that was almost mystical. As I got a little closer I noticed that she was gently stroking the lips of her sex much the same as I had done for her earlier. Without meaning to, I had showed her that gentle rubbing of her vagina feels nice. How could I tell her that it isn't nice to repeat those sensations on her own?"

Feeling he was invading Miranda's privacy, Wally tried to pretend he didn't notice and headed off in a different direction, but she called out after him. He reluctantly returned and stood before her, looking up at her on the boulder with a view that was usually the domain of gynecologists. Miranda did not know the concept of privacy and Wally did not want to poison her new world with the evil rules of his barbaric old world, so he said nothing about her nudity. He felt like he was looking up at a ten year old girl that had became queen but luckily remained ignorant as to the scope of her powers. As if she could order him to please her in any depraved manner she desired and he would be compelled to obey her every whim.

Although she was completely unaware of his fear of her dominating him, she sensed something was different suddenly. Her right hand never missed a beat as she continued playing with herself and spoke at the same time, "I was doing this for a while earlier and I started to feel kind of sick to my stomach. But now it feels good again. What do you think?"  He was the cobra and she was his snake charmer hypnotizing him as her slender fingers danced their forbidden dance. He stared in a trance as she played with herself, causing a fresh bead of her virgin juice to trace a path down the rock and land on the top of his bare foot. Wally decided then and there that he was going to rule here as he had ruled his business empire back home.  He would take back the reigns and never let go again.

Wally told her matter-of-factly, "Honey, that's called masturbating.  Its something grown up ladies do."  He couldn't just leave it at that, and the sight of this little girl sharing a girl's most private moment compelled him to spice up his explanation. He could feel his cock straining in his trunks as he told her, "Grown up ladies usually masturbate when they go to the bathroom. Sometimes two or three will go to the bathroom together. After they urinate they wipe each other's pussies."  Wally reasoned that she would probably never meet another actual woman, so it didn't matter what he made up about the customs shared between them. 

So began Wally's long and twisted tales of what is "normal".  This harmless prank done on a lark was the start of Wally's imaginary world where his every fantasy was blindly followed as being proper conduct.  Wally especially liked tieing loose ends together in his fabric of lies. Whenever possible he would explain a word or a phrase partly to help him remember what crazy myths he had invented, and partly because he felt it made his stories more credible. Wally thought for another moment and continued, "Naturally it feels good for a woman to have her girlfriend rub her pussy, but after they wipe each other, they begin to lick each other clean like a cat licks her kittens. That's why it's called a pussy."  From that day on every time Miranda went to pee she couldn't help but think what it would be like to have another girl wiping her, let alone licking her.


APPROACHING PUBERTY
Miranda felt her body belonged to Wally because he was her father and knew what was best for her. Any man that could make a world for her to live in was beyond reproach from a child. Not that she was ever physically uncomfortable from his handling her. Most important to her was the obvious delight that she was able to bring him by simple things such as sitting on his lap and wiggling around. At first she would bounce up and down on him, giggling as she felt him become stiff against the back of her upper thighs. She liked to pretend that the lump in his pants was her pet that had somehow became stuck down his pants. She played with the creature through the fabric, making it jump back and forth beneath. Her tiny hand would lovingly stroke his fabric-covered cock as she innocently talked to it. One time she told his cock how she wished he would come out because she wanted to give it a big wet kiss. The next day while she was rubbing she put her face next to his crotch and said, "I think you like it in there because it's warm. It's warm between my legs, too. You should come between my legs sometime!"  With that she straddled his lap and pressed her girlish mound against his erection. Wally still felt a little guilty at taking advantage of her innocence but he wasn't thinking about that right now. All he could think about was how incredible it felt to have this sweet young girl masturbating against his dick.

She astounded Wally with her brazen sexuality. She began a slow deliberate grind that seemed more like the practiced moves of a pro stripper than the playful romp of a naive 10 year old girl.  Wally marveled at the incredible beauty before him; the storm of long blonde hair being tossed around and the playful look on her face as she innocently obeyed her body's desire for pleasure, uncorrupted by society's rules.  The look on her face as she brought herself to climax was unlike any he could have dreamed. He wasn't sure how many times he came when she finally stopped and collapsed against his chest.  She gave him a kiss on his lips. In a daze of orgasmic lust, Wally briefly extended his tongue into his daughter's mouth before realizing what he was doing. He pulled back suddenly and opened his eyes to see Miranda giving him a big smile. Even before he could react he felt her small hands pulling his head back to her mouth. When she put her tongue in his mouth, in an instant Wally realized how warped society was to deny biology. No longer would he allow himself to be influenced by the barbarian rules of his old world. Wally knew that he was living a dream come true, and now he aimed to make the most of it.

Wally  knew that Miranda was having orgasms and he went about testing how far he might be able to express his lust for her without scaring her.  That evening was Miranda's 11th birthday and he recalled various memories of her childhood to her at dinner.

Especially how he used to bathe her when she was a baby and how much she liked it. Then he asked her if she would enjoy being washed now that she was 11. Her enthusiastic, "oh, yes!" instantly erased any traces of guilt Wally might have been feeling. He wrote in his journal:
"A child's innocence is largely due to him or her being still unfamiliar with the artificial rules of society. Miranda is the embodiment of truth. Once the layers of society have been peeled back I can see that we are sensual creatures of pleasure. War and violence are the byproducts of barbarian society's sexual repression. Once free from these rules there is nothing but a deep love unlike anything the world has known for thousands of years. She reacts to me like humans must have reacted to one another before civilizations formed. She doesn't try to think ahead about what might happen if she gets undressed and lets an older man fondle her. The shameless way in which she allows me to handle her body is more erotic than anything I could have imagined."

BATHING TOGETHER AGAIN
Wally walked with his daughter to the beautiful garden pools. She looked up at him as they neared the waters and there was only joy in her eyes. No hint of apprehension even as Wally removed her clothing and lifted her body into the warm waters. He began soaping her neck and arms. She was standing on an underwater platform that elevated her upper body above the waters level. The currents of the warm waters played over his cock like tiny fingers, making him increasingly aware of the nubile sprouting breasts before him. He was through with the restraints of society, and as if to prove to himself that this was his island and he made the rules he followed his urges and pulled his daughter's body against him. His tongue ran a circle around her bellybutton before he plunged his head under the water and pressed his tongue between her thighs. When he surfaced Miranda looked slightly dazed but rather than question her thoughts he just soaped his hands up and began massaging her developing breasts, compressing the pliant virgin milk glands between his slippery fingers.  Wally got a special thrill when his thumbs glided back and forth over her budding nipple tips. The harder they got, the harder he got. He finally stopped to leave each thumb squarely on it's nipple, and applied a little pressure down. He watched her facial expression as he pressed her nipples down into their soft pads of breast fat. She, too, looked him in the eyes. At first she said nothing, as he pressed a little harder she bit down gently on her lower lip and her expression was a mixture of fear and pleasure. Swiftly he moved his fingers so that they were now pulling her throbbing red nubs and a bead of sweat ran from her forehead down the bridge of her nose. A final tug on both of her breast buttons and then Wally moved behind her and she laid back against him. His right hand moved between her thighs and a second later Wally was clutching his daughter's lithe body to his chest with her left arm while she convulsed with a strong wave or multiple orgasms from the clitoral manipulations of his right hand. She bucked against him gasping and her hands alternated between reaching back to hug him and then reaching for the edge of the pool to brace herself. All of her gyrations caused her soft girl ass to massage his dick into a state of frenzy. When her orgasms finally subsided he lifted her body up in the water enough so that his cock fully rested in the deep cleft of her ass cheeks. She began shuffling her weight back and forth. Her body movement in the water caused a warm current to sweep his balls around, adding to the surrealism of the situation. She looked over her shoulder at him and said, "When I move my butt does it make you want to squirt, daddy?"

That was the final push and he erupted so hard that the stream of cum broke the surface of the water and landed on her chin. The happy look of surprise on the girls face make his second shot seem even stronger as she continued to slide up and down on him tighter than any pussy he had ever known. Encouraged by his enthusiastic response, she reached down and held one of his testicles in each of her tiny hands. He gripped the sides of the pool and prepared himself for her manual stimulation. Knowing an 11 year old girl was about to play with his balls duplicated the sensations in him that she had experienced when his thumbs drove her nipples down into their breast sockets, a mixture of fear and intense pleasure. She felt the weight of each testicle against her palms and the nails of her index fingers scratched along the underside of his scrotum to meet at the spermatic cord. His cock was still nestled tightly against her anus and as she toyed with his nuts she could feel it pulsing up against her hole. She peered through the water to try and see what her hands could feel. One hand gently stretched the loose skin out across her palm while her other hand examined the location of each testicle and gently moved it inside it's sac. His penis twitched hard and he felt the head begin to squeeze inside the circle of muscle around her anus. She appeared to be so busy with his balls that she didn't notice his dick breaching her virgin ass. He didn't understand how, but he wanted to enjoy it as long as he possibly could so he fought any urge he had to make a sound even when her inexperienced manipulations became frightening. The next thing he knew his cock slid deep into her ass.

The sudden impalement caused her to let out a gasp. Her body compressed his
shaft with such force that her father let out a gasp of his own. He didn't want to hurt
her and he immediately began lifting her up asking if she was alright. 

To his amazement Miranda turned and said, "I think so. I need more practice.", and then she gave him a wink that made his trapped dick rock hard. It was as though she could read his mind and knew exactly what would make him blow his wad. 

He was still trying to free the head of his dick from her body without hurting her when she cooly asked him, "Do you like putting it in a girl's butt, daddy?" When he told her that it drove him crazy, she squirmed around a little and sank back down on him. He was caught by surprise and the sudden pressure on his shaft was breathtaking. 

She giggled a little and asked him, "Does this make you crazy?" as she rotated her hips a few times. Now he couldn't resist her and he thrust forward once...twice...and wham!  Her tiny bottom gripped his bone and never let go as he squeezed her beautiful soft round ass cheeks up against his balls. She reached around to grip his forearm for support, then used the leverage to buck against him. Her face was wild and sweat was flying from her brow as a gutteral moan escaped from her mouth.  Wally didn't know where it came from, but somehow his already aching nuts began to fire even harder than the time before!

She uncoupled herself and began toweling off his face as well as her own.

Again Wally wondered how it was possible that she was a mere child of 11. He reasoned that her complete lack of exposure to other children must have accelerated her emotional development. Bathing together became a ritual that they both looked forward to. Wally sat behind her and she leaned against him as he soaped her chest and belly. Then he would reach down and gently masturbate his daughter to orgasm before rinsing off the soap. Her moans never failed to give him a raging boner that would pop up between her soft thighs.

She learned to give him exquisite hand jobs and almost always managed to accommidate him anally for a while. They had always slept together, and by the time she was 12 she would sleep with his cock in her mouth and suck it all night like a child would suck her thumb.



--



Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!  

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....

