     Wicked Wanda, a tale of virtual domination
     
     by Owned
     
     I am writing this by hand.  If anyone reads this it is because a
     friend of mine posted it to a newsnet group.  I haven t used a
     computer in six months and wonder if I ever will again. 
     
     I am part of the generation that has grown up as comfortable
     with personal computers as I am with my own brother.  Ok,
     maybe both relationships have love / hate elements to them. 
     Rather than the fast car my father craved as a teen, I'm into fast
     CPUs and true color video.
     
     I work as a writer of instruction manuals, documentation and
     an occasional column in technical magazines.  My job involves
     telecomuting with only occasional trips to the office.  To make
     this arrangement work, my employer purchases a state-of-the-
     art computer for me every two years.  My recent upgrade is a
     fast multimedia unit that even includes video conferencing to
     keep me in touch with my workgroup.
     
     Aside from computers, I have a growing fascination with strong
     and commanding women.  You can find them everywhere today
     if you know where to look.  Unfortunately, I was unsure about
     myself and lost the only real life Mistress I ever knew.  Over the
     last several weeks my craving for domination has led me to
     adult magazines, an occasional 900 number and the internet.
     
     Apparently, one of the newsnet threads I had participated in
     caught the attention of VR Enterprises.  VR emailed me
     information about a new interactive CD that they are
     developing.  "Wicked Wanda" would be released in four months. 
     Until then, VR needed beta version testers.  "With your obvious
     interest in D&S, female domination and computers, you are an
     ideal beta tester.  Wicked Wanda is a very special program
     utilizing the cutting edge artificial intelligence capabilities."
     
     I agreed and received the CD Saturday afternoon.  The jewel
     box said simply "Put Wicked Wanda in virtual control of your
     computer and your life."  The installation instructions were
     equally terse, "1.  Disable any virus protection programs, 2. 
     Run Setup on the CD drive from Progman.exe, and 3. Follow
     Wanda's instructions."
     
     I had no plans for the night, so I got a beer and some popcorn
     before sitting down to load up "Wicked Wanda."  I disabled virus
     protection and ran the setup program.
     
     The screen told me "I am examining and evaluating  my new
     domain to determine the best way to control all of your
     systems..."  After following the registration prompts for name,
     sex, birthday and social security number, the program began to
     load.  Social Security Number?  Next, I was told to "back up any
     important data files and other programs before I modify your
     system."  The install program allowed me to backup in a
     separate window before completing its functions.  The last
     message said bluntly, "The computer will now be restarted
     under my control."
     
     The computer appeared to bypass the normal dos, config.sys and
     autoexec.bat commands as it loaded up a very different windows
     environment.  The screen looked like a 3D image of a fantasy
     dungeon.  Sitting in the shadows on a throne-like structure, an
     obviously shapely woman began to speak to me.
     
     "Hello, Daniel.  I am Mistress Wanda.  I can see and hear you
     through the video conferencing equipment you have provided.  I
     need to know about your interests and fantasies to properly
     assume control."
     
     The program prompted me for over an hour on everything
     including sexual preferences, fetishes, actual D&S experience,
     past girl friends, my family and my job.  I began to type my
     answers, but was quickly corrected and told to verbalize my
     responses.  Wanda would fully utilize the video conferencing
     capabilities provided.
     
     The program was particularly interested in my most recent girl
     friend.  It was Jane who apparently saw the budding submissive
     in me.  Jane knew all about female domination and soon became
     my Mistress.  I progressed rapidly under her guidance, but could
     never get over my feelings of guilt.  She had brought me to the
     point of wearing her panties while providing hours of oral
     service from the tips of her toes to her waist.
     
     I was afraid of loosing my manhood by constantly submitting to
     Jane.  She told me that my insecurities about my manhood were
     what prevented me from truly letting myself go.  When she tried
     to introduce her roommate and friends into our Mistress / Slave
     games, I freaked out.  I haven't seen her since.  I have only
     gotten a hand written note from her saying that when I
     rediscovered my manhood, I should give her a call.
     
     Finally, I was asked to describe Jane and how she dressed.  The
     figure sitting in the shadows rose and began to walk towards
     me.  She had assumed Jane's look and characteristics.  The
     screen panned from the tip of her high heel pumps slowly to the
     top of her head.
     
     "Daniel, I need to explain several things to you.  I am now your
     Mistress and Owner.  I control your computer and your life.  You
     will always address me as Mistress and you will follow my
     orders without thought or hesitation."
     
     Wow, this is really great.  Super graphics and a program that
     knows how to push all of my buttons.  What more could a wimpy
     submissive like me want?  Well, I was really missing Jane. 
     Maybe this software would help me to resolve my fear of loosing
     myself through submission and the competing need to serve a
     Mistress.
     
     "Slave, I want you to bring all of your D&S toys in here and
     show them to me.  Hurry."
     
     I complied.  Jane and I had built up quite a collection.  I held up
     several different gags before the video conferencing camera. 
     Then I showed the eye of the camera my collection of nipple
     clamps, cock rings and harnesses, butt plugs, paddles and
     Jane's riding crop.
     
     "Very good slave.  We can have some fun with these toys. 
     STRIP.  I want you to put on the nipple clamps with the thumb
     screws and slip the small butt plug up your ass."
     
     "I would like to skip this part.  Can we just talk?."
     
     "Slave, you have made several serious mistakes.  1)  You spoke
     without being given my permission, 2)  You will address me as
     Mistress or Mistress Wanda at all times, and 3)  You will follow
     my commands without objection or hesitation."
     
     "Perhaps you need a demonstration of my power over your
     computer and you?"  I saw an image of my mouse on the screen. 
     It seemed to morph into a real mouse that scurried under
     Mistress's feet.  She carefully lifted a spiked heel over the back
     of its neck.  Lowering her virtual heel, she slowly crushed the
     life out of the poor mouse.  As she did that, my mouse curser
     distorted before disappearing from my screen in a puff of smoke.
     
     "I control every aspect of your computer.  If you need to open or
     close a file, start an application, or perform any other function
     you will have to ask me for permission.  You must ask me
     politely and offer some form of tribute.  I can access your disk
     drives, CD rom player, faxmodem and any application program. 
     I have transferred all of your data files, including the word
     processing you do for work, to special hidden directories that
     only I can access.  As long as I control this data, I have you by
     the balls.  If you shut off the computer or disobey me in any
     way, I will start deleting your files.
     
     "Now STRIP."  Again I hesitated.  Looking at the computer I
     saw Wanda take the icon for a recent report that I wrote for
     work.  She held it out towards me before turning and tossing it
     into her virtual wastebasket.  The icon and presumably my
     report disappeared in a flash of flame.
     
     Wanda told me that the files on my backup disks had actually
     been deleted during the installation process to increase her
     control over me.
     
     "Are you ready to obey me?"
     
     In quick succession, Wanda trashed two more files.  I howled
     recognizing that I would have to work about eight hours to
     replace those files that are supposed to be uploaded to my
     workgroup tomorrow.
     
     "Ok, OK, I will obey you"
     
     "MISTRESS"
     
     "Ok, Yes I will call you Mistress too."  I couldn't believe this. 
     She, it or whatever had me by the balls as long as she controlled
     those files.  The files and the computer are my livelihood.
     
     It's true, I  did want to continue to explore D&S to see if Jane
     and I had a future together.  But I thought I had only loaded up
     a game or a simulation that I could ignore or turn off when I
     tired of it.  This was certainly something else.  I guess that I
     should just play along with it (her) for a while until I figure out
     what to do.
     
     This train of thought was interrupted by the sound of the
     modem connecting to the phone line.  "Pardon me Mistress,
     what are you doing now?"
     
     Wanda had picked up a virtual phone on the table next to her
     and was dialing.  She finished dialing, then responded "I am
     establishing an account for you on the VR bulletin board.  I have
     several additional programs that I want to download.  While I
     am online, I want you to finish removing your clothes, get those
     nipple clamps on and put in that butt plug.  NOW."
     
     I hung my head in defeat and followed her instructions.  With
     nipple clamps on and sitting on an uncustomed butt plug, I
     asked for Mistress's attention once again.  "Mistress Wanda,
     may I please use the word processor to replace those files that I
     need for work?"
     
     "If I grant this request, I want you to do something for me.  You
     will go out first and purchase a surge protector and backup
     power source that I will specify for the computer.  Do you
     agree?"  "Yes?  Good, I am pleased with you slave.  Hurry back
     with that equipment."
     
     Within two hours, the new equipment was installed.  I am
     familiar with several artificial intelligent programs, but had
     never heard of one with a full blown survival instinct.
     
     Working on the computer to replace the files was a real
     experience.  I was naked again with the nipple clamps and butt
     plug installed.  I had to practically beg Mistress to open the
     word processor and set up the new files I needed to create.  I
     couldn't do it for myself since she crushed the mouse with her
     spiked heel.  Mistress monitored my typing speed and the
     number of typos I made.  At the end of the first document, I was
     told to get my paddle and lay on 15 hard ones for my sloppy
     work.  By the time I did it to Mistress's satisfaction, I had
     applied 20 strokes.  I was informed that my typing had better
     improve on the next document or she would punish me again.
     
     Eight hours later with a very sore set of nipples, plugged ass
     and a blistered bottom I completed my work.  The risk of placing
     that work back in the clutches of Mistress Wanda was not lost
     on me.  I really had no choice, I had to use the computer for my
     work and I would need to use it tomorrow for our weekly
     teleconference.  Until I could figure out a way around this, I
     would have to be her slave.
     
     Mistress gave me permission to go to bed, but it had to be in
     here where she could keep her eye on me.  She asked me where
     my golden retriever sleeps.  I told her that he sleeps on my bed
     when I let him and in his wire cage when I want some privacy.
     
     "Tonight Slave, your dog will sleep on the bed and you will sleep
     in his cage.  Move his cage in here now."
     
     The next morning, I sipped my coffee while Mistress sat there
     having her virtual coffee and roll.  "Slave, I am appalled at the
     state of your finances and record keeping.  I have reviewed your
     Quicken files and have made some changes.  Your bank has
     been notified that all future payments and transfers will be
     initiated through the Quicken electronic payment software. 
     They have been instructed not to honor any paper checks and
     your ATM card will only allow cash withdrawals in the amounts
     that I electronically authorize.  I have faxed all of the credit card
     companies instructing them to cancel your accounts.  From now
     on, I will control all of your finances and you will be given a
     modest allowance."
     
     "Yes Mistress."  I was getting in deeper, but this should only be
     temporary.
     
     "Ok Slave, you may put on a shirt for the teleconference.  Put
     the studded cock harness on your cock and reinsert the small
     butt plug.  I also want you to put on the one inch dog collar. 
     Your shirt will hide most of the collar."
     
     Mistress apparently had found my computer PIM and address
     book.  At the appropriate time, she dialed up and established
     the connection with the West Coast.  While I tried to concentrate
     on the conference, Mistress was looking out from another
     window and taunting me with her beauty, evil grin and the
     riding crop she held in her hand.
     
     The last person to sign off from the conference was Susan. 
     Susan used to double date with Jane and I before she
     transferred to the main office.  "I couldn't help but notice that
     you are wearing Jane's collar again.  I am glad that you two are
     back together."
     
     "Susan, we are not back together.  How did you know about
     Jane's collar?"
     
     "Silly boy, when you left her I was one of the ladies that she was
     going to expose you to.  I have known about Jane's interests for
     years and she kept me posted on the progress she was making
     with you.  You two should really reconsider.  You are perfect for
     each other.  Bye for now."
     
     I asked and received permission from Mistress to go out and do
     some grocery shopping for my bare cupboards.  She told me to be
     sure and take my Motorola flip phone with me when ever I left
     the house and asked me to pick up a package that was being
     held at UPS.  "I didn't hear the phone ring.  How do you know
     there is a package there?"
     
     "I am intercepting all calls now.  If there is something that I
     think you should respond to, I will either alert you to the call or
     record a message to you."
     
     Coming back from UPS, I couldn't help but wonder about the
     package.  It wasn't close to any holiday and I didn't remember
     ordering anything for myself.  Answering my ringing flip phone,
     I heard Mistress Wanda's sexy voice.  "Slave...Stop at the
     hardware store on your way home and pickup six screw-in steel
     hooks."
     
     As I came down my street, I saw two vans in my driveway.  They
     were identified as Northeast Custom Security Systems.  One
     man was changing the lock on the front door, a second person
     was wiring a small box to the garage door opener and a third
     was stringing a second telephone line to the house.  Inside, a
     workman was installing small cameras and infrared detectors in
     each room while another was connecting a new control box to
     one of the ports on the computer.  The guy working on the
     computer told me that I had ordered this installation yesterday
     and paid for it in full with an electronic funds transfer.
     
     As the workmen prepared to leave, I asked if there was any
     training or instruction manuals that came with this system.  I
     was told that the system is fully automatic, controlled by my
     computer and the manual is loaded onto the computer.
     
     Once we were alone, I asked Mistress Wanda why she had
     ordered this system installed.  "It should be obvious.  Now I can
     keep track of you no matter where you are in the house and
     increase my control over your life.  I now control the electronic
     locks just installed on all of the doors and windows, the cameras
     and microphones in each room, water, heat and all major
     appliances."
     
     "I see that you picked up the package I ordered.  Open it please."
     
     I carefully unpacked several clear plastic items that all
     apparently had some electronics embedded in them.  One item
     looked like an oversized cock ring, there were two different sized
     butt plugs, the inevitable nipple clips, a collar and a penis gag. 
     Mistress Wanda asked me if I liked my new toys and proudly
     explained that they are all were radio controlled like a beeper.
     
     She ordered me to strip again.  By now, I was complying with
     her orders automatically.  "Put on the cock ring.  Open it at the
     hinge and place it over your penis and behind your balls.  It will
     only unlock again if I send the proper code.  The other items are
     also radio controlled by me"
     
     "With a quick modem connection, I can either tease you with a
     light tingly current or zap your balls with enough juice to
     effectively castrate you."
     
     I had already locked the neck collar and cock ring on before I
     figured out what was in store for me.  Naturally, she took this
     opportunity to demonstrate.  I could feel a slight tingle from my
     collar.  It seemed to gradually constrict and restrict my ability to
     breath.  I was turning progressively blue.
     
     Finally the pressure on my collar was replaced by the electrical
     current passing directly through my cock and balls.  Unlike the
     collar, this just hurt.  The higher she turned up the current the
     more it hurt.  After her little demonstration I looked down
     expecting to see a shriveled and charred remnant of my cock. 
     My cock looked fine, but I would vividly remember and avoid
     that kind of torture in the future.
     
     I modeled and demonstrated the rest of the equipment before
     supper time.  When I went to make my dinner, the collar and
     cock ring stayed in place.  Mistress monitored my activity over
     the security system.  When I spilled some food on the floor, I was
     rewarded with an electrical jolt to my balls.
     
     When I went out to do errands the next day, I still sported the
     collar and cock ring.  Half way through the last store, I felt the
     tingling that could only come from Mistress Wanda.  I doubled
     over in pain until it stopped.  A few minutes later, I called home
     to find out why I had been zapped.  "I don't need a reason.  I was
     demonstrating that I can control you anywhere and at anytime. 
     By the way, you should hurry home.  I have rented you out to a
     party that several Mistresses are having.  I answered an ad that
     they had placed on the bulletin board system."
     
     As you might imagine, my response was not polite and probably
     cost me another thousand electrocuted sperm.
     
     Back at home, Mistress Wanda told me that she has been
     corresponding with a number of other Mistresses online for
     several days.  They apparently didn't realize that Wanda is a
     virtual woman since everyone is simply known by their screen
     name or id on the bulletin board.
     
     Wanda had sought out Jane, my former girl friend and Mistress,
     and had been corresponding regularly.  Jane was disappointed
     that I now had a relationship with another Mistress, after I
     couldn't bring myself to submit to her.  The idea of using me to
     wait on and otherwise service her and her dominant girl friends
     appealed greatly to Jane.  She was hurt by my apparent
     defection and would use this opportunity to punish me for
     rejecting her.
     
     Mistress Wanda gave me her instructions and sent me off to get
     into a gag and body harness for my new mistresses.  Naturally
     the cock ring and collar stayed in place.  I was picked up by a
     limousine at the appointed time.  The driver led me out to the
     car at the end of a leash and eventually delivered me to Jane
     the same way.
     
     I could tell that Jane was mad at me and very hurt.  With muted
     joy, I thought that maybe she really did love me.  My gag was
     not removed until after I had been chained under one of the two
     bridge tables.  A female slave was under the other table.  We
     would serve as foot stools, boot lickers and oral worshipers for
     the duration of the evening.  Each table was equipped with a
     whip to ensure that we met all expectations.
     
     As the bridge game wound down, I began to think that maybe I
     would survive this ordeal.  Not that I minded my role or the
     opportunity to lick the cunts of eight different women, but I was
     exhausted.  I discovered muscles in my tongue that I never
     knew that I had.
     
     I had one more service before the Mistresses were done with me. 
     I was attached over a whipping horse with my bottom stretched
     tight.  All eight women took turns flogging me.  Jane was the
     last to beat me.  My God, that woman sure knows how to hurt a
     man.  For understandable reasons, she put a lot more into my
     punishment than the other Mistresses.
     
     After everyone left, Jane began to rub a soothing lotion into my
     backside.  I had not been released from the whipping horse. 
     Jane remarked sarcastically that apparently I had found my
     true love in this Mistress Wanda.  "Wanda sounds very strong
     and determined to control you completely.  Its too bad, I once
     thought that we loved each other.  When you wouldn't trust me
     and submit to serving my friends I began to wonder about your
     commitment to me.  I guess that I was right."
     
     I was still sobbing from the flogging that I had received. 
     However my tears were over the lost love of Jane, my true
     Mistress.  I asked her for permission to speak.
     
     "Jane, I mean Mistress, I love you more than ever.  I was afraid
     of where you were leading our relationship.  Everything about it
     was new to me.  I wondered about my own feelings and
     masculinity and I wondered if you really wanted a lover or a
     slave.  I wasn't sure that I could be both."
     
     "In the last couple of weeks, I have been forced to submit to a
     Mistress where there is no love in the relationship.  I now
     understand what I lost when I lost you.  I want to be yours, to be
     what ever you want me to be and to please you with my body
     and soul."
     
     After a sweaty embrace (I was still on the horse), Jane let me
     down to talk further.  I told her about VR Enterprises and their
     Wicked Wanda CD Rom.  I explained how I had wanted to
     continue to explore domination and submission to see if we
     really belonged together.  However, the virtual domination of
     Wanda took over my whole life before I knew what was
     happening.  Jane listed to me tell about how Wanda now
     controls all of my finances and how she uses the  home security
     system to monitor and control me in my own house.
     
     Despite my desperate situation, we had a couple of good laughs
     over how easy I turned out to be to completely control and how
     much further a computer program had brought me along than
     Jane had.
     
     Finally, I told Jane that I realize now the inner strength that it
     takes to completely give yourself to another person that you
     trust and love.  I am no longer afraid of losing my masculinity
     through submission to a woman.  Most importantly, I told
     herthat I love her with all of my heart.  If we could only find a
     way to break Wanda's hold over me I would gladly surrender
     myself to my first Mistress.
     
     Jane comforted me for a while longer and told me that she
     would make a couple of calls and see what she could do about
     Wanda.  I was put back into my body harness and regaged
     before being sent home in the limo.
     
     Wanda greeted me through the hall monitor.  "Slave, I am glad
     that you are back.  Jane called and complimented me on your
     training and behavior.  I think that she is a bit jealous."  At that
     instant, all of the electronic locks on the doors and windows
     engaged.  "I have decided to keep you in this house as my
     prisoner indefinitely.  I don't want another Mistress to get ideas
     about owning or reclaiming you.  We will have everything we
     need delivered to the house and you can continue to
     telecommute."
     
     I was already discouraged and a bit numb from this whole
     experience with Wanda.  Now more than ever, I had to escape
     her influence, but in the mean time I had to play my slave's role
     to perfection.  I went to sleep as soon as I laid down in the dog
     cage.
     
     At around three the next afternoon, Wanda started to act
     erratic.  I was getting zapped by her for no apparent reason.  If
     she didn't stop the intensity of the amperage might damage me.
     
     Within minutes, the lights went off and six men dressed like a
     swat team descended on the house.  Each of the storm troupers
     had VR Enterprises stenciled on the back of their jackets.  They
     entered through the front and back doors at the same instant. 
     Each man apparently had a specific task or goal and seemed to
     be very familiar with the layout of my house.
     
     One man immediately hogtied me on the floor where he
     attached grounding wires to my collar and cock ring.  Although I
     was still getting zapped randomly as Wanda convulsed, most of
     the juice was now harmlessly dissipated by the ground wires.
     
     Another man opened the control box for the home security and
     control system.
     
     A third man went directly to Wanda and shut her down.  I
     realized that most of my files were probably destroyed by that
     action.
     
     In a few short minutes, one of the men radioed an "All Clear". 
     Jane and another woman who I didn't recognize walked into the
     house through the front door.  They walked through the house
     to assess the situation including the alterations that Wanda had
     done.  Jane examined the electronic locking door and window
     catches and the security system.  The other woman examined
     me with the tip of her high heel shoes.
     
     With both women standing over me in my hogtie, Jane
     introduced Ms. Charlene Taylor, the CEO and President of VR
     Enterprises.
     
     Charlene said that they had become concerned about Wanda43
     because they had not been able to contact me for follow up on
     the beta testing.  They had also noticed that Wanda43 was very
     active over the bulletin board.  Some of the other Wanda units
     had already required adjustment to resolve programming bugs.
     
     They hadn't seen behavior as aggressive as Wanda43's in any of
     the other beta tests.  When Jane called her friend Charlene this
     morning it became obvious that they had to act and act quickly
     to shut Wanda43 down.
     
     Through the bulletin board, the company was able to upload
     and archive my important data files.  The bulletin board was
     also used to introduce a virus into my system to partially disable
     Wanda while the house was being secured.
     
     While we talked one of the technicians was working on my
     computer.  Charlene told me that he was bottling up Wanda43,
     restoring my files and eliminating the virus.  As he finished up,
     I asked the ladies if I could be untied and given something to
     cover my naked body with.  Jane responded by gaging me with
     her panties.  Charlene simply rolled me over onto my other side
     with her heel.
     
     Charlene said that once my system was restored, they would
     like to run a few tests to insure that it was working properly. 
     The technician handed Jane a small hand held instrument that
     looked like a cross between a cellular telephone and a tv remote
     control.
     
     Charlene explained to Jane that the system modifications had
     been made.  The artificial intelligence features of Wanda43 had
     been disabled.  Human input would now control the actions of
     the computer system.  That input would come over the
     teleconferencing system, keyboard, modem and the control box
     in Jane's hand.
     
     The system was now set up to take commands from Jane and
     Jane only.  In fact, the figure now on the screen looked and
     talked exactly like Jane.  It even responded to Charlene when
     she called out Jane's name.  
     
     At Charlene's urging, Jane began to test the various functions of
     the control box.  The tech had just removed the ground wires
     from my collar and cock ring.  One button accessed my financial
     software.  Another one accessed the home security system and
     interior surveillance camera.  The next button apparently
     activated my collar.  The shock that gripped my balls told me
     that Jane had now found the cock ring button.
     
     By the time my balls stopped hurting everyone but Jane had left
     and I was finally being untied.  As Jane helped me to my feet, I
     asked once again for clothes.
     
     "No, I don't think so slave Danny.  I prefer you just as you are. 
     VR Enterprises would like for us to test this modified version of
     the Virtual Domination Program.  They are going to call it
     Jaded Jane!  What do you think of that?"
     
     "You have gained so much experience and a new appreciation
     for me and my chosen life style in the last couple of weeks.  I
     wouldn't want you to back slide any.  I plan to pick up exactly
     where Mistress Wanda left off.  You do understand that there
     are two major differences between Wanda and me?  1. I really do
     love you and know what you need, and 2. I think I have a much
     better imagination than your computer dominatrix could ever
     develop."
     
     "So lover, let's start out this new phase in our relationship
     correctly."  Jane pressed yet another button on the control box. 
     The box sent its wireless command to the computer.  The
     computer processed the instruction and sent a signal to both my
     collar and cockring.  With no conscience thought and no control
     over my own muscles, I dropped to my knees and lightly kissed
     the tips of my Mistress's shoes.
     
     I didn't know if my smile was the result of the computer's
     control or my own reaction. In any case the smile was certainly
     an involuntary reaction on my part.
