(c) Copyright 1997 Eros.   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.



Filename: WANT_DAU.TXT
Title: Wild, Wanton Daughter
Author: Eros




                         WILD, WANTON DAUGHTER.

                             (By EROS!)

       It was late, almost two in the morning. When I peeped out through
    the living room curtains, I could see my daughter, Amanda's bare
    boobs glowing in the autumn moonlight. Her date, Tommy Slater,
    reached forward with both hands to cup her pert, young breasts,
    causing Amanda to emit a soft, silvery laugh that touched me to the
    quick.

       Amanda whispered something, but I couldn't make out the words.
    Tommy immediately dived between her round boobies and rubbed his head
    into her cleavage. She arched her back in his direction as she
    stretched in pleasure underneath his touch. They didn't seem much
    concerned that anyone in the whole world could suddenly drive down
    this quiet street and see them, let alone that anyone was watching
    them from the house.

       The boy's cheeks hollowed out when he sealed his lips tight about
    her right nipple and began to suck. My daughter gasped, a soft cry
    escaping her wet lips. I rubbed the front of my boxer shorts to
    relieve the tension in my dick, but my cock continued to grow.

       Amanda finally planted a soft, wet kiss on the top of Tommy's head
    and gently shoved him away. He gave her another quick series of
    kisses on her tit and on her mouth, but then he finally departed. It
    was time for me, too, to depart, but I was frozen in my spot at the
    window. I was still standing there when my daughter came inside.

       She was just buttoning her blouse back into place when she saw me.

       "Daddy?" she whispered. "Were you watching me?"

       "Yes", I confessed.

       "You should be ashamed of yourself."

       I felt the heat rise in my face, and yet I couldn't accept her
    rebuke without protesting.

       "At least I wasn't outside getting half naked on the front lawn,"
    I said sarcastically.

       "I didn't expect anyone to be watching at this time of night!"

       "You shouldn't be coming home at this time of night," I countered.

       "Oh, Daddy!" she admonished with a giggle, "I'm old enough to come
    home when I want to. You know that."

       I could tell she as a little tipsy by the way she was acting.

       "Have you been drinking, young lady?", I asked, trying to hide the
    fact that I had developed a sizable erection.

       Amanda came up me and hugged me close, as she always did when she
    thought she was going to get in trouble. And, as always, I put my
    arms around my little girl and hugged her back. But this time, my
    erect cock pressed against her belly, causing Amanda to gasp. But her
    reaction was unexpected.

       "Oooooh! You're hard, Daddy. Is that from watching me?"

       "Yes, baby!", I admitted. Jesus, what could I say?

       "Ooohhh, that turns me on, Daddy," she whispered grinding her
    delectable little body against mine.

       Then abruptly, Amanda stepped back and began to take off her
    clothes! The moonlight streaming through the thin curtains was the
    only source of light except for a small neon night lamp, but it was
    enough to see by when she removed her blouse to show me her pale,
    shimmering skin.

       "Play with my titties, Daddy", she whispered, "Squeeze them and
    kiss them just like Tommy was doing."

       Almost as if in a dream, I found myself rubbing my hands across
    the warm, creamy satin of my daughter's young boobs. They were
    gorgeous. Soft yet firm, as young girl's tits are, but quite large
    for her age. Amanda had developed earlier than most girls her age,
    hence my somewhat pathological over-protectiveness.

       I squeezed the responsive globes of her lovely young titties and
    felt her nipples harden so quickly that small goose-pimples popped
    out on the areolae.

       "Do I excite you, Daddy?", she murmured, pressing her cunt-mound
    suggestively against the large bulge in my crotch. "Would you like to
    see more?"

       Amanda dropped her skirt. Her soft butt cheeks were the color of
    the full moon at its zenith, and the light blonde fuzz of her
    little-girl's pussy did nothing to hide the mysterious slit of her
    juicy young cunt. A natural perfume that was half sweat, half cooze
    wafted up to my nostriis.

       "Am I beautiful, Daddy?" Amanda asked. "Am I a beautiful woman
    now?"

       "Oh, Mandy!" I kissed her passionately, but I couldn't keep my
    mouth on her lips. I fell to my knees. I wanted to lick and love her
    everywhere, and it was obvious that she was going to let me do it. I
    planted wet, sloppy lip marks down the sides of her shimmering
    flanks, down over her tight, flat belly and into the tangy groove of
    her young cuntslit. I licked the lightly-furred lips and inserted my
    tongue into her warm, aromatic depths, then sucked softly on the
    small swollen bud of her clitoris.

       Amanda groaned aloud, hunching her cunt against my lips like
    crazy. I couldn't believe it! I was actually sucking my own
    daughter's tasty, willing cunt.... and she was loving it! Amanda's
    tiny ass quivered in my hands as I sucked and licked and tongued her
    ripe young pussy to a wondrous climax.

       "Do you want to fuck me, Daddy?" she asked, breathlessly.

       "Please don't tempt me, honey!"

       "I want to tempt you, Daddy!", she grinned.

       She had her hands inside my shorts hauling them down as fast as
    she could. She giggled as she knelt to help me step out of them.

       "We shouldn't, honey..." I unconvincingly. "It's not right."

       "We should if we want to." She took me down to the floor and
    spread me out on the carpet. I felt as if our natural roles had been
    somehow reversed, as if she was taking me instead of me taking her. I
    couldn't resist the soft seduction of her juicy pussy lips wrapping
    themselves delicately about the head of my cock as she slowly settled
    into place on top of me.

       "Uuuuuuhhh! Yeah! I'm riding you Daddy," she gasped. "I'm fucking
    you!"

       With that, I abandoned all common sense. The only thing that
    mattered was the glorious feeling of my daughter's tight, slippery
    young cunt sliding up and down on my prick. I thrust eagerly up to
    meet each and every one of her bouncing fuck-strokes. And, for a
    little girl, Amanda really knew how to fuck.

       Despite my hopeful expectations, I knew she wasn't a virgin as
    soon as my prick sliced effortlessly to the balls in her hot. tight
    little cunt, but I didn't really care! I didn't mind if some
    pimply-faced young kid got Amanda's cherry, 'cause I was fucking her
    now!... and I was going to show my horny little daughter exactly what
    good sex was all about.

       Her hair flew out in wild abandon behind her as Amanda humped up
    and down the long length of my throbbing erection, and when her first
    orgasm hit, she went rigid all over and then exploded in hot bursts
    of wet cream. Her pussy muscles massaged me from the inside out,
    squeezing my cock so powerfully that she would have triggered my
    ejaculation immediately if I'd been a younger, less experienced man.

       As it was, I had the rest of what was left of the night, and all
    of the morning to show her what her father could do.

                                 The End.


--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/stories.html

Be There.....