Copyright © 1997   GoDSpiT.   ALL Rights Reserved.

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.



[Editor's note:  This story from GoDSpiT has intentionally not been spellchecked.  It is in the unique style of GoDSpiT's that requires his work to be left untouched, preserved in it's original state.  Stories from GoDSpiT are one of a kind masterpieces, written with great emotional passion flooding out non-stop from beginning to end, leaving no time for backing up to replace a mis-typed character or cutting/pasting.]








The Watcher
GoDSpiT

Authors Note:  This story is suppose to make you feel erotic, but it is also a tale about a hero that goes from one way to another though the story.  His story is told in flashbacks every other chapter.   While the other chapter is always in the present.   The story has quite a few sex scenes in it but they are slow to build and if alll you want is a story with a lot of sex and fucking check out my story Daughters or Nuclear...both of which are shorter than this story also.   I feel that this is a good story with strong characters in it.

All Characters in this story are fictous any relation to any real characters is purely coinsidence.  Ever piece of technology in this story is fictoin, any relation to any real technology is purely coinsidience.  Every government conspiracy or any president represented in this story is not the turth about them  just a made up story about the government and anything else.  NOTHING IN THIS STORY IS REAL I REPEAT NOTHING IN THIS STORY IS REAL NOTHING!  And now the story....


Prolouge.
Present:  March 1997

	He walked though the door not sure were he was heading.   The house was mostly dark and only the moon iluminated the rooms that he walked though.   The family was gone for the night, it was his one chance to get everything right before they returned in the morning.  Up in the master bedroom he walked to one of the corners and from his back pack pulled out a small tool that would make a round hole in the wall.   He quickly inserted into the hole a small mini-recorder that hooked up by radiowaves to computers in his van.   He then uses the small piece of wall and puts another hole in it that is small enough so that only the small lense of the camrea is visible.
	He moved from the parents rooom down the hall and reached the first of the four kids rooms.    This was the room of a boy he could tell instantly.   The bed was a messy disorder.  He walked around the room unitl he found the right angle and then walked to that corner of the room.   He was a pro and had been doing this for years he knew exacatly where to set the camera's up in each room so that they would not be detected and also so that they would be able to catch most of every room with out moving.   
	He moved on down the hall towards the next of the kids rooms.   straight across the hall is the next kids room.   The door is closed.  He opens the door and comes apon a little girls room.  His pulse starts to increas imagining what it must be like to sleep in that bed with her.  He is surroned by blue a deep dark blue that is almost black.   The room is full of teddybears and  other assortments of stuffed animals.   He moved around the room being sure to catch the right angle of the bed and the closet.   He then places the camra in its hidding spot.   
	He moves down the hall in the stelth of the night towards the third of the four childrens room.  He pulls open the door.  The room borders on teenage agnst.   A poster of Marilyn Manson rests on one of the walls along with posters of a few other rock  bands.   Though he can already tell that the child is a female by the smell of the room he also knows that she is not the only one of the four that listens to rock music.   He looks around the room on the floor finding a bra.  He bends over and reads the tag on the bra.  The bra was an A cup bra.  A nice size breast though bordering on largness.  He places the camra and moves on to the last of the four rooms.
	He pulls open the door and is caught in the sight of his life.  It is the room of a girl.   The room of a small girl about six or seven years old.   Pink covers most of the room.   His cock hardens in his pants as he thinks of what it would be like to touch this small smooth young girl.   He moves over to her dresser and pulls back on the handles.  In the dresser drawer are pairs of small panties.  He smiles and closes the drawer.   He places the camera and quietly leaves the room.  Everything is now in place upstairs.
	He moves down the stairs and stops about halfway down.   He scans the hallway and walks to a corner at the end and a section in the middle placing two camera's at each to catch everything in the hallway.   Then he moved down the stairs.  The stairs were the only part of the house he would never get but that was okay.  In the living room he saw it a recent picture of the whole family surronded by pictures of the children from school.   He placed the camera's in points of each room to catch the whole room.   He then had to go back upstairs to the bathroom and plant its camera.    Same for the one in the downstairs bathroom.   The masterbathroom was the last camera placed because he was not sure if he would really need it but then he changed his mind.   He had 19 camera's in all in the house.   
	He went back down to the living room.    On the mantle piece above the fire place sat pictures of the family.   He looked at the family photo to get an idea what the parents looked like.   Their mother was beautiful for an older women.   She had two small round breasts on her chest which were showing there size because of her tight dress.  Her hair was pulled back and a small smile appeared on her lips.   The father was handsome with blonde hair that was combed back and a strong build.    He moved on to the pictures of the children.   The first was of the oldest child a daughter.   She was thin boned he could tell.   Her check bones were showing in her face though barely.   Her eyes were a dark green.   She had skinny arms and a shirt that hid her breasts.   He now suspected that she stuffed her bra.   He moved on to the next oldest which turned out to be the boy.   He was of medium build but he was young.  Not more than 12 years old.   The oldest of the children she must have been fourteen or so this year.  The boy had his fathers looks.   He moved on to the next a daughter.   She had the same color of hair as her mother a dark deep black.  Her eyes were a beautiful geen much like her sisters.   She had a small thin frame.  She was around 10  years of age.   He moved on to the last of the children.  A young small girl who was no more than 6 years old.  She was the most beautiful of all the girls in the picture.   She was also thin, a rare find in a 6 year old.   Her arms were smooth and small.  His cock was so hard now that it was becoming hard for him to  walk.      He went back to the picture of the whole family.   The father had his hands resting on his oldest child and his wife.   The other three childern were in front.  The boy and girl who were close in age and next in line were standing on either side of mother and sister, and the  youngest was in the middle of them all.  It was a beautiful family picture.  He picked it up and looked at  it.  He was not worried about finger prints on anything he wore gloves.   He places the picture down again and leaves to get ready for his job to watch.
	Only one clue of his passage was left a picture of a family that toppled over on a mantle stand and now laid down on the tile of the fireplace floor with a crack running from one side to the other.   But then again the family would think the picture had fallen over on it own...after all it happens all the time.

* * * * *

	"We need Jack Baker out of the senate.  He is trying to get laws passed that could dystroy us.  Laws that could make the senate less powerful, laws that would give the power back to the people.   We need to make sure that that never happens.  Because if it did religion would no longer dictate morality.   We must keep power in our hands.    What are you doing about Jack Baker,  hmmmm  Walter?"
	"Calm down Sam.   We have one of our best  spies on the job.  Of course he is a known pedophile but that does not matter anymore as you know.   He  will never hurt children he doesn't believe it is right but that is beside the point.   He is called The Watcher, his real name though is Willam Brown.  He is one of the best people to get dirt on Jack Baker.  Baker is suspected to be a pedophile we will see what happens.  Also please remember we are not going to go public that he is a pedophile.  If we did that they would think that everyone of us is a pedophile, which we do know that about half of us is one.   Which brings me to an interesting fact. . .isn't your 12  year old daughter pregnant Walter?"
	"Yeah so what about it, she was rapped by a stalker."
	"Congratulations.   And please don't liet to me about that stuff Walter.  The Watcher knows about all of us and he tells me everything because I am not one of you anymore but one of his informants and job finders.   Good by Walter contact us again when you need more help."  The phone line goes dead.

- - - - -


Chapter 1.
(flashback: Willam's Past)

	Willam had known from the time that he was sixteen that he was diffrent from most boys his age.  He had tried to be like them tried so hard to be like them.  But nothing seemd to work.   He had tried to look at their Playboy magazines or their Huslter.   It just did not work.  No matter how long he looked or how long he tried to  imagine what it was like to touch those girls big round breasts he could not get hard.  He laid in bed for hours sometimes trying to get his cock to go up in the air as he looked at these pictures of women with large breasts being fucked.  It just did not work.   He seemed to be impotent.
	At a party one time he had had this girl who was about 5'7" with long blonde hair and dark green eyes looking at him and he had been looking at her.  She had large B breasts and a nice big round ass.   She had talked him into going upstairs and they were fooling around.  She was getting all hot and turned on and thrusting her pelvis agains his limp dick.   They had gotten naked and he was still limp.   Even when he had sucked on her tits and had her try to give him a blow job nothing had worked.   She had gone down on him saying,  "don't worry Willam I will get it hard for you I promise."  She had sucked for about twenty minutes and still nothing happend.  It did not even get stiff.   She just was not turning him on.   
	 A few of his male friends stopped callling him after that scared that he was gay.  But Willam knew he was not gay.   He did not get hard when guys were around.  He did not even wnat to do it with a guy.   He didn't know what he wanted.  He could not understand it.  What was wrong with him.   One night he woke up in the middle of the night with a huge erection in his boxers.  He pulled them down and looked at it.   It was the first time that he had ever gotten hard or at least that he had known about.   He had stood up fascinated at the rock hard cock.  It was large and standing straight up in the air.  He wondered at that moement why he was hard.  What had made it hard?  Why was it so hard?   He had stroked it a few times and then pulled out a play boy magazine  thinkg "i'll show them"  he looked at the pictures and before his eyes his hard cock faded into nothingness and was soft again.  
	He tried to get it hard again by stroking on it or playing with it but nothing would happen.  He couldn't figure out why.   What was wrong with his cock.   It wouldn't stay hard when he looked at the magazines.  Wouldn't even get hard at the thought of doing a girl with medium or  regular sized breasts.  Not even women with small breasts would get him hard.   What was wong with him?   Why didn't he get hard like other sixteen year old boys.   He continued on his pursuit.  Trying many different things.   He would set his alarm for one in the morning and wake up pulling his boxers down hoping.   At first nothing happend nothing at all.   Then about two weeks after he had been doing this he woke up with a rock hard cock in his boxers.   He pulled the covers back took off his boxers and stroked himself.   He could feel something buliding and he let it happen.  His cock exploded for the first time in his hand.  It felt so good.
	But his problem remained.   The next night he woke up trying to do the same thing again but his cock was not hard.   The next night it was.  He pulled his cock out and stroked it and while he stroked it he pulled the playboy from under his pillow out and looked at the pictures.   While he was stroking off to the pictures he noticed that his cock was not cumming not even getting close to it.   In fact after a few minutes it started to soften and then go limp.   He could not believe it.   He told no one of these experiments.
	One day about a month later he was sitting on the living room couch bored he looked though the magazines and found a Sears clothing catalog for that year.   He started to flip though it and he looked at the women clothings and then he came to the childrens clothing.   At first nothing happend.   He was looking at a little girl's newest fashion a short dress with knee high socks.   He was looking at a few others little girls with pig tails in overalls.  When it happend.   He felt it in his pants.   He ran upstairs not thinking taking the catalog with him.   He laid it down on the floor pulled off his pants and  underware.  He looked down at his hard cock and could see it throbing in the sunlight.   He laid down in his bed pulled out his playboy and then his cock disappeared again.   He rolled over frustrated.
	There on the floor was the sears catalog.  He looked some more at the pictures of the little girl fashions and started to turn the page to the big girl fashions when his hard on exploded again.  He turned the page back and looked at the little girls again.   He started to stroke his hard cock looking at these little girls and he came like never before.   He thought that that was it also because he had come.  He continued to look at the pictures and he got hard again in a few minutes.   He could not believe this.  He was getting hard over and over again.   He could not keep the image out of his mind.  A little girl in overalls.  Another one in a short skirt and long socks.   He was cumming.  He was cumming.
	Over the next few weeks Willam found about ten magazines with pictures of little girls  in things from underware to fully dressed and bathing suites.  He was cumming every night now and when he saw a little cute girl in the malls he would get hard imeditaly.   He could not believe this.  He was a pedophile.  And their was nothing he could do about it.  He wasn't like the other pedo's who are made that way by environment mostly.   The only thing period that got him hard was little girls.   He had never been abused in his life by anyone his parents had treated him like the best thing  in the world.  He was a natural  pedophile.  His genes were totally messed up they went for the youngest avaliable.  Though like any person he had limits.  He did not want girsl below the age of 6 and he did not want girls that were not tomboys in some way.  And he did not want girls that were not willing.   That was the biggest thing.
	Now that he knew what he was how was he to go about solving his lust for little girls?
- - - - -  -

Chapter 2

(Present- March 1997, Day 1:  3:45 a.m.)

	The truck sat parked about four streets away being sent pictures by radio with a ten second delay.   The latest in servalince was all at The Watchers hands.  He knew this and he loved it.   The family was home now.   They had arrived home earlier that morning and boy what a site to take in that was.   He had watched on all 19 of his moniters at the family to see what happend.   The picture in the living room was found and placed back up on the mantle minus the frame which was thrown away.   No one seemed  to notice but The Watcher was mad at himself for letting that picture get though.  For letting it fall.  Sometimes he could not control his urges sometimes he wished that he could touch these little girls that he watched undress or finger themselves or get fucked by there fathers and brothers.   He wanted it so much  but knew that it was never to be.
	The scenes after that had been what he expected from a family returning from a three day trip.   The father and mother had gone to there room and gotten undressed and gone to sleep.   He turned his attention though on two of the children.  First was the oldest child one of the daughters.  He had learned their names a few hours ago though the government internet site of peoples names and records.    The oldest daughter was named:  Sarah and she was quite a sight to behold though a little old for his tastes.   She had two small round breasts on her chest.  He watched as she pulled her shirt over her head and revealed her breasts cupped in an a cup  bra.  He watched as she pulle down her pants and revealed a small pair of sexy under panties that were a  dark blue.   She unfastend her bra from the back of her and let it fall to the floor along with a few pieces of tissue paper in each cup enough to fill it  up.   She had two small round breasts no bigger than cherries.   Willam pulled his rock hard cock out of his pants and  silently jerked it off.   
	His van was in a vaccant lot so he was not worried about anyone spotting it or telling him to move it.  And if a cop told him to move it he would just show papers that proved he owned the house and the van.  He was tomorrow moving the equipment in the van into the vaccant house  in a back room.   He loved it.  Sometimes he got a house usually though he only got his van but this time the government had been so kind.  
	He turned his thoughts back over to what he had seen earlier.   The oldest of the children pulled her panties down and revealed a pussy with a light covering of hair on it though it was not that much.   Willam continued to stroke his rock hard cock as he looked at her thin small lethe body.  The body of a tomboy or a dancer.   She laid down in her bed totally naked and smiled up at her celling.   Willam remembered what he had seen up there a picture of Trent Reznor a huge rock icon.   She was probably infatuated with him, along with a few other rock icons.    He turned his attention again back to what she was doing.   The fourteen year old was stroking her clitoris.   He watched as she bucked her hips.  He heard a faint moan  and a grunt as she got off imagining herself fucking Trent.   He didn't care much for that fantasy but watching the girl buck her hips had been enough to send him over the edge.   She went to sleep soon after that so he turned his attention to taped recordings of the other children.   He decided to save the youngest for last.
	Next was Adam who was the only boy.  He was as it turned out 12 years old.  He was a handsome boy.   Though Willam did not get off on boys he did like to watch them fuck girls there own age and imagine it was him.   He taped the tape for a friend of his who did like to see boys get off.   He watched as the boy undressed.   What he saw he did not expect again.   The boy pulled his shirt over his head and laid it down on the floor not really carring.  He then unbuttoned his pants and pulled them down.   At first Willam did not notice it but when he rewound the tape for a second and paused it and used the computer to inhance sure enough there it was a hard little cock.  He wondered who had been feeling the boy up in the car.   He continued the tape and watched as the boy pulled his underware down and revealed the small rock hard 3 inch cock.  He laid down in the bed and Willam watched as the boy stroked his hard cock.   The boy got off in a few minutes and was soon asleep.
	Willam moved on towards the next in line.    She was 9  years old as it turned out,  her name was Jennifer.   She was beautiful also.    Willam watched as the young black haired girl pulled her shirt over her head and then pulled her undershirt off also.  Her chest was flat with two little pointy nipples.   She pulled her skirt down and revealed a pair of white short cut panties.   She didn't pull these off at least not yet.   Willam was disapponted his cock was hard again already and he  was slowly stroking it to this little girl.   She walked over to a drawer and pulled out a fresh pair of panties.  Some dark blue ones that were also low cut.   She pulled the old ones off and Willam saw for the first time her little pussy.   Though not quite yet.   She  had her back turned the camera.  So instead he got a shot of her beautiful round ass and her long nine year old tomboy legs.     She turned around before putting her panties on and he saw the beautiful slit.  It was totatlly devoid of hair and smooth as fine silk.   He watched as she rubbed a finger up and down it once before slipping the panties on and climbing into her bed to sleep.
	Last came the most beautiful of the three girls.  He had saved it on purpose.  He didn't want to have his last image of the two older.  He wanted it of the most beautiful of the three girls.  He turned on her tape and watched.   She walked into her room.   Straight dark blonde hair and two little blue-green eyes.   Her nose was pert and turned up.   She was beautiful.   Nine year old Lena.   He watched as the girl who was wearing a pair of shorts which showed off her beautiful six year old legs and a  shirt which was tight against her flat little tummy.  Her arms were so beautiul.   She pulled the shirt over her head sending her hair into dissarry.  He looked at her chest.  Two flat little nipples and absolutly no hint of baby fat on her anywhere.   He watched as she pulled her shorts off and revelaed a pair of white panties.   She did not seem to belong in the pink room.  But she was not yet old enough to pick the color out that she wanted.  He watched as she pulled her panties down and her beautiful slit was revealed.  It was small and thin and perfect.  He loved the texture of it.  Oh how he wished he could have been there to touch it.   She covered it again with a long tee-shirt and then hopped into her bed.   She was asleep in a matter of seconds.  He switched to the live camera of her room and looked  at her sleeping.   
	No time for that now though.  It was 4:40 in the morning he had spent an hour looking at their pictures and he had to get the house set up before dawn.

 - - - - -  -

Chapter 3
(Flashback:  Willam's Past)

	He was seventeen now.  It was another full year of not getting sex.   Willam had gone out on a few dates with girls from his  school but none of them got him hard and he never saw them again.  One time he imagined a little girl was in his arms and he was so hard that he knew it showed.  She seemed proud to have that effect on him but when he had gotten to seeing her breasts he just couldn't keep the little girl in his mind his date was pushing him too fast.   So he had given up on that one.   He had tried to go swimming a few times but when he got to the pool with all those little girls running around his cock had gotten so hard that it had started to cum in his swimtrunks.  He had run home and after a few times given up on the idea totally.    Sometimes he wondered and pondered on ideas of how to get a little girl in bed with him.  He didn't have a sister  he was an only child his parents were incappable of having another child. Not because of body problems but because they were too busy and too cold hearted of parents.   Willam had not had a normal childhoood, but he had never been abused.  He had always gotten what he wanted and he was raised by a nanny.
	What Willam could not figure out now was how to get what he most desired in the world.   How to get into a little girls panties and feel their little bodies.   For Christmas that year he got a new pentium 300 mhz computer with a cd-rom drive and internet capablities.  It was here from this computer that he got his first files of preteen girls.   He studied the files until  his eyes were sore and he knew, he just knew that he had to have one of those girls.   It started out as an obession bording on insanity and on what about 50% of all pedophiles resorted to violence to get what they so badly needed.   But Willam did not want to end up like that.  He didn't want to hurt a little girl and he sure didn't want to get arrested for doing it.
	He would go to work and look at all the little butts in cute little shorts or cute little skirts.  He couldn't help it.  They were so captivating.   Willam could not believe that he had yet to be caught but then again who would think that a 17 year old would look at girls that are between 6 and 10 years of age.   A few times over the next month though he did catch a co-worker looking at some little girls.   And then he knew the co-worker had caught him doing the same.   It was about a  month later when they both got a brake at the sametime.   The other worker who was named Michael asked Willam to go into one of the backrooms of the store and they sat down on a bench and Michael after a few seconds of silence said,  "I've seen you looking at little girls."
	"Yeah so,  I've seen you looking also."   Michael smiled and nodded.   He stood up and walked back and forth for a few minutes having enough Willam said,  "why did you bring me here?  To sit and watch you walk?"
	Michael smiled and sat down beside Willam again,  "no of course not.  I brought you here because I want us to well do it with a little girl together.   I got this cousin she's not exactly between the ages that you look at but she is still very pretty and she has a nice body.   The only thing is that she has these two small breasts that are about the size of small cherries."   Willam's blood had begun to boil and he had been so excited.  He might actually get to do it wth a young girl.  Even if she was not exactly his favorite she was still good enough.
	"When and where?"   Michael smiled and patted Willams back.
	"Tomorrow met me at the playground down on Richmond Dr. around 11 a.m.  You know where that is right?"  Willam nodded and Michael contiued,  "she will be there with me I am watching her.  She is 11 years old just so that you know."   He got up and walked out of the room.   Willam was exstatic.   He returned to work but did not concentrate on it.  He was going to get into a little girls panties.   But he wondered what it was going to be like sharing her with Michael.  Sharing not being alone with the girl.

* *  *  * 

	Willam arrived at Richmond Drive at about 11 in the morning.  Sitting on one of the benches was Michael.  He walked over to  where the other boy was and sat down beside him.   Both were wearing a black shirt,  Willam was wearing  blue jeans though while Michael wore dark grey jeans.   They sat there for awhile.   Two girls were playing on the play ground.   Both looked to be about 11 years old and both were wearing tight shirts that showed off their small little girl titties.   Michael spoke,  "The one with the dark blonde hair and blue eyes is my cousin.  The other is her best friend April.  April is yours,  her breasts are smaller and she has a smaller body.   I don't quite like them that small unless that is all I get offered."
	 Willam spoke,  "I thought there was only going to be one girl?"
	Michael smiled and said,  "Yeah there was going to be only one girl but her friend is courious about what older boy's than her two  brothers who are 13 and 10 looks like.   So I told  Mandy that is my cousins name that she could bring April if she wanted to come."   He smiled as he stood up.    Willam stood also and the two girls looked over and smiled.   Mandy went running over to Michael and he took her hand.   Willams heart was racing.   April was beautiful.   She had long dark brown hair that went down to the middle of her back and two green eyes that were so stricking.   He took her small delicate hand into his as she placed it out for him.   She looked so tiny so fragile he loved it.  His cock was already hardening in his pants.   He couldn't wait for the arrival at where they were going.
	About five minutes later they turned down a street and arrived at a large two story house.   Michael said to Willam,  "this is my parents house, they are gone for the weekend along with Mandy's mother and father.   So it's no problem we can be here all weekend.  In fact April is already spending the weekend with Mandy so it fits perfectly."   Willam smiles.  He liked this he would get spend a whole weekend with little April.

Chapter 4
(Present:  March, Day 5:  5:40 p.m.)

	Willam ate a small ham sandwhich as he watched the living room montior.  So far nothing pedophilc had happend.  Of course it seemd pretty much a shut tight case as long as the mother was around.   Willam had listend to a few of the parents conversations.  Like the one for last night.   "Pat I just don't get it. . ."
	"Get what Jack,  what is there to get.  Keep your sinful hands off of our fourteen year old daughter.   She doesn't want them on her and I want you to leave her alone."
	"That's some bullshit Pat."
	"Oh is it now let me explain something about natural sin to you then Jack. . ."

	Willam had turned it off then and sat back thinking.  Obviously the mother had caught the father and daughter fucking and blamed it all on him and then gotten the daughter to side with he somehow.   This though was not good enough proof to get him thrown out of the senate.   They need actual proof and until that happend he was content to watch the children.   Watch the little girls undress.   He turned over to his computer a Pentium Pro 800 mhz not even on the market with a 30 speed cd-rom also not on the market.   The modem was set up at the highest speed possible and he could point click and have access in a matter of seconds.  He was talking to a few friends and contacts checking up on the family history tonight but also he was talkig to his friend Michael and his other friend Walter.
	He typed to Walter,  "so hey buddy how did you like the picture of the little boy stroking his hard cock?"   
	Walter typed back,  "goddamnit Willam if you only knew what that did to me,  I am still having dreams of that one.  Any more episodes of him getting hard?"
	"Nahh not yet,  I think though that the mother was the one stroking him but it might have been one of his sisters."   Walter typed a laughing face and Willam switched over to Michael,  "hey buddy how is April and my daughter?"
	Michael typed back,  "they are doing okay,  April says that Emily misses you terribly but that she understands."
	"What about April how is she doing?"
	"She is okay I suppose though her husband gets pissed off sometimes or so she tells me and he might turn out to be a hitter if so I'll take care of the son of a bitch."   Willam smiled at this.  Him and Michael had stayed in touch over the years because of a few reasons.   One being that Willam was such a strong man now that he could protect Michael if anything ever happend.   "I got to get back to work Willam talk later."   With that Michael had logged off.
	Willam clicked on the file that the sentate had on his target.  It was not much:

Jack Baker
Age:  31
Weight:  189lbs.
Height:  5'10"
Facts known:  Abused as a child by his babysitter she called him a shit whore, revealed in analysis by psychatrist.   Suspected father of the babysitters only child.
Facts not sure on:  Pedophile, has sex with his own children, his oldest daughter may even be with child*.
*- she went to a fertility clinic with her mother a few months ago the records could not be found on file.

Patrica Barnes Baker

Willam stopped there before he continued reading the file.  Barnes, why did the name sound so fimilular.    Then he remembered the Barnes family one of the laregest Incest pools in the known world.   All of the kids were reportdly made from the same gene line no outside blood passed though the family for about two generations.

He read the file though,

Patrica Barnes Baker
Age:  29
Weight:  109
Height 5'5"
Facts Known:  Of the Barnes family,  Her mother and father were brother and sister,  Supposedly when she was 13 years old her older brother thought she was his and he raped her repeatidly for months on end until her bellly started to swell with a child.  She induced  labor when she was five months pregnant killing what she considered the "evil seed" of incest.
Facts not known for sure:   She  touches her own son.   She is known to go to her fathers house once a year, maybe to fuck her father or brother.  She had daughter Lena exactly nine months after a visit six years ago.   Reports indicate that her and her husband never fucked during her return and if they did she was probably already pregnant.  The daughter has features unique to the Barnes family features that were never found on the other children.  Gene test currently underway facts known in three weeks from this report.

	Willam put the file down.  Quite a family history the Barnes had.   They had been doing incest since the begining of the 20th century and the last two or three generations were pure incest with no other blood being mixed.   Willam sometimes wondered what it was like to be a Barnes.   Pat must have hated her family.   She must have despised them.  Someone gave her religion.   Willam's guess was that the family taught her that incest was okay from the start but she had gone to another source to make sure and that source had shown her the bible.   He smiled and closed the file.   Nothing of real use there except for the part about Lena.   So she was not Jack's daughter that must infurate him.   But judgeing by everything Willam had seen Jack treated her with the most love.   Maybe Pat had fucked him the night she returned and he never caught on.
	He stood up and streched.  E-mail had come on his computer and he pushed the open button.  It was an Avi.  He downloaded it and opened it.   A recorded scene was shown of his daughter playing with a ball.   She was one of the most beautiful creations in the world.   Her hair was the color of gold, her eyes the color of the sky, her arms and legs so thin and beautiful.   She was nine years old now.   She walked up to the camera and said,  "Hi Daddy,  I can't wait till December for the time we get to spend together."   He smiled as she turned back but then she rain back,  "oh uh daddy by the way here."   She lifted her skirt and showed him a pair of her little girl panties.  He smiled and she smiled and ran off back to play.   Her mother appeared on the screen next in a room of some sort.
	"Will,  Emily is fine,  my new husband is about to move out,  we both miss you.  I understand about your job, it gave us this house and I know it is important.  I want you to know that no matter what I will always be your friend and come home soon Emily wants her daddy in her bed."   The avi ended and Willam deleted it from his computer.  He sent E-mail to April and Emily telling them to delet it as soon as they read it.   Though this was still traceable he doubted that anyone other than Michael knew that Emily and April exsisted.   He sat back and hoped that something broke soon

- - - - - - - - - - 

Chapter 5
(Flashback:  Willam's Past)

	Michael opens the door to his parents house and they all walk in.   The door is closed behind Willam who let April walk in first.   Michael smiled and said,  "your bedroom is upstairs take your pick, though I suggest the guest bedroom it is large and has its own bathroom its almost as big as the master bedroom."   Willam smiled and nodded.  Michael took his cousins hand and walked with her out of the room and around a corner into a back room.    Willam took Aprils hand and they started to walk.
	He turned to her and said,  "are you scared April?"   She nodded slightly,  "don't worry I won't hurt you I promise."   She nodded again and he walked with her up the stairs and into the guest bedroom.   A large queen sized bed was in the center of the room.   He closed the door behind them and sat down on the bed with her beside him.   "So what do you like to do  April?"
	She blushed and said,  "when I first saw you there in the playground I thought that you were really handsome and also I thought that we would well just start fucking no talking or anything."  
	Willam smiled and said,  "I can't do that with someone that I am going to do something with, I have to get to understand them."  She smiled and he turned his head to face hers.  It  was like magic.  It was like a bond that drove to lovers together in anceint times  when they thought that cupid was responsible for love.  He brought his lips to hers and gently kissed her putting his hand on her chin.    The kiss did not last a long time but it sure did seem like a fire was coursing though both of their bodies.   Willam felt her break the kiss and for a moment he wondered why something so eternal had to end.
	"What was that?"   She asked innocent as a girl her age could be.
	"Passion."   She smiled and brought his face to hers again.   This time the kiss was even deeper.   He let his tounge wonder around her lips for a few seconds before he brought it into her mouth.   The kiss did not last forever it only lasted about four minutes but it seemed like forty years to both of them.   When they finally pulled apart Willam smiled and brought his hand around her waist.   They stood up and he started to pull the shirt she was wearing over her head.   The shirt landed on the floor discarded and forgotten until later.   He ran his hands though her silken dark blonde hair which was so smooth it felt like silk.  He ran a finger over her small lips circling them.   She moaned.  He moved on.   He looked down at the two small just starting to grow mounds on her chest.   They were not covered by anything being too small still for a bra even a training bra.   He took one into his hand gently and cupped it.  He ran his finger around the puffy breast and felt the smooth texture of her breast.  He brougt his mouth to hers again for a breif second that seemed like eternity.  
	He used his tounge to trace a trail down from her mouth over her small delicate chin down over her neck and then down to her left breast.  He gently took it into his mouth.  She moaned out in pleasure as he continued to suck on the whole breast.  Her nipple was now hard.  He gently took his mouth off of her breast and gently bit the nipple.  Another moan of pleasure escaped her lips as he moved across the vally between her two small breasts and brought the other one into his mouth.  He gently did the same as he did to the other one.   He bit the hard nipple and moved on down with his tounge.   He moved down over her flat tummy and down to her belly button.  He pushed his tounge around it and then downwards.  He brought his hands up and unbuttoned her shorts.  He pulled them open revealing her panties a pair of white cotton little girl panties.   He continues to push her shorts down until they were on the floor at her shoes and socks.   He gently pushes her panties down and reveals her sex.   Around it is a soft dove of just growing hair.  He does not care.    It is little girl pussy he can smell it.    His cock is rock hard in his pants.  He continues on.  He pulls her panites all the way down until they are at her shoes also.  She lifts one leg then the other he throws them away towards the shirt to continue the growing pile.  
	He went down on his knees and untied both of her shoes.   She sat down on the bed and he removed both of her shoes.    He had her lay down on the bed and he spread her legs.  He went back to her lips and they kissed as his hand moved down over one of her now almost flat breasts and her flat tummy.  He continued on down to her small pussy.  He could fell the cleft of hte pussy the thin straight line that ran from top to bottom.  He found her erect clit and gently circled his finger around it.   As they kissed she moaned and he knew that the time was right.  He gently brought his mouth away and went down towards her pussy again.   He brought his mouth inbetween her spread legs and opend it.  He brought his mouth down onto her pussy lips and she gave out a huge moan of pleasure as his mouth connected.   He gently stroked his tounge around her clit and then brought it down until it reached her pussy hole.  He stuck his tounge in a little ways and then pulled it out at the contraction of her pussy muscles on his tounge.  He brought his mouth off of her pussy and looked up at her closed eyes and panting face.  Sweat glistned her naked body.   He pulled his own shirt over his head and she sat up.  Her orgasm was near and they were not even halfway though.
	She walked over to him and they kissed again.  She brought her tounge down over his chin and then down to his right nipple.  She gently bit it and he let out a cry of pleausre and surpise.  She did the same to his other nipple and then moved on down.  Tracing his belly button just as he had done hers.   She unbuttoned his pants and pulled the zipper down in her delicate small hands.   She pulled his pants down and let them drop to the floor.  He was wearing boxers and his cock was still caught in them though she could tell that he was hard and huge.   April pulled the boxers down and revealied his 6 inch hard cock.  It was sticking straight up in the air and it was very thick.  She let his underwear drop to the floor and he stepped out of it throwing on the growing pile as he had done she turned back to his hard cock.   
	She slowly brings one of her hands around the hard organ.  At the touch of the smooth young thin fingers his cock gave a jerk and started to throb more.   Willam was close to loosing control April could tell.   She stroked the hard organ a few times before she decided to give him the same pleasure he had given  her.   She slowly brought her tounge down on the tip of his hard cock.   She licked the pre-cum that had grown there,  it did not taste bad.   His cock gave another jerk and she brought her whole mouth down on  top of the tip which was all she could fit in her small mouth.    She sucked on the tip for a few seconds before she pulled her mouth off of the swollen organ.   He was close she could tell.   He walked over to the bed and laid down on the bed.  She knew then that she would not be on bottom like so many of the older boys did to her somtimes.  He was a carying man.   She smiled at him and laid down on top of him.   She could feel his hard cock on the bottom pressed against her small pussy.   He could not believe how close he was to being inside a little girl.  It was so hard though for Willam to keep control of his cock.  He was so close to cumming and he didn't want to until he was inside this beauty.   
	He brought his cock into position inbetween her spread legs.  She knew it was coming and was ready.  He brought his cock until it spread her out lips, he could feel the small hole.  No cock as wide as his had ever been inside her small body.   He gently pushed it against the hole.  There was no movement.  He could not get in.   She was as wet as hell, her body was slick her pussy had a  lot of lubbricant he had felt it on his finger and in his mouth.   She was just to small.  He was about to give up when she pushed against his cock.  It was painful at first but he could tell  that her pussy hole was about to give.  He pushed againts her pussy as she pushed against his cock.  His cock went into the small hole widdening it.   She was in pain but also in great pleasure.  She had nothing to worry about with her hymn thank god so he continued to push.  He pushed again and about 3 inches were in her soft small pussy.  So close to her life giving womb.   He let go.  He thursted once more and let go.  Cum just started to pour out from his hard organ.  Burst after burst.  And just when he thought he had gotten to the highest edge of pleasure her body began to orgasm also.  Her pussy started to push against his hard cock sending out more sprem and more pleasure.  Both of them were holding each other tightly as they conitnued to cum.   "Oh god Willam it feels so good so goood."  She said over and over.
	Willam could not say anything he had never experinced anything like it ever.  He just held on to her small ass as they both continued to cum.  And when it was over sweating and so tired both of them laid in each others arms holding each other.   At last Willam had a lover, maybe not forever but he knew there would be others.   But something about April made him wonder if maybe there was more to life than just sex.

- -- - -  - -

Chapter 6
(Present:  April Day 25, 8:43 a.m.)

	She was leaving this morning.  The mother was going to her fathers.  She would not get pregnant during the week that she was gone because after Lena the bitch had had her tubes tied.  But she would be gone for a week and in that time he could get everything he needed to catch this family in the act and then maybe he could visit his daughter and best friend for awhile.   He watched as she closed the front door behind her and  as she left the house finally.  He did not expcet anything to happen till that night.   But over the last few weeks some other interesting things had been occuring.
	The first time that The Watcher had caught anything resembling incest had happend  on day 14.   The mother had slept in late and it was only Daddy and his oldest daughter.   They were sitting on the couch watching Television and Willam was about to turn to another screen in when he saw the father slip his hand under her shirt and he zoomed in.   The fathers hand was cupping one of her round smooth soft just developing breasts.   Willam could  hardly believe it.   But what happend next was the biggest surpise of all.   Sarah slipped her hand down her daddies boxers and stroked his hard cock.   Willam could not believe it he was witnessing incest, but it was not enough to blackmail the man on.
	Willam had figured out now what had happend between the daughter and mother.   Pat had walked in her daughters room after she had caught her daughter and husband having sex and sat down with her daughter and had a "talk".  He only knew about the talk because the daughter had told her father about it that morning.   Pat had told her daughter that incest was wrong that she should not want her daddy to touch her.   That it was a sin and if she ever let her daddy do it again she was sinning and she would go to hell.   And then she went away and lied to Sarah's father that Sarah did not like her daddy touching her which was a lie.
	Willam also remembered two days later when he caught another huge surpise in the boys room.   But this surpise did not really count either because it wasn't the father but the mother.    He watched as Pat walked into her son Adam's room.   She had at first acted like she was cleaning the room and when her son had walked from his bed to his closet in boxers with a hard on forming  his mother had stopped cleaning the room and taken hold of his arm.  Willam had turned up the sound,  "what is that growing in your pants boy?"
	Adam had bowed his head to look down at his growing hard on and said,  "my cock mommy."
	"And what have I told you about that kind of thing Adam!  Cocks are bad thing male sexual toys that they think they can get a girl to do anything with just because they get hard."  She had yanked his boxers down revealing the hard little cock.   Willam was in shock he knew the mother was evil but had never suspected that she was commiting incest with her son.  He had hoped but never really thought that it was her.  "I am going to jack this off for you make it go away and I want  you to control it make it not get hard anymore."   With that she had started to pump his hard little organ with her fingers.   It was still so small that she could use only a few fingers to jack it off.   The boy had been moaning in seconds enjoying the feel.  His mother had put her  mouth over the small organ when he had started to cum but Willam could tell that the boy still had no ejaculate.    The scene had ended like that.   Pat had left the room and her son who's cock was as limp as a board.   
	Willam had sent the scene to Walter who had enjoyed it emensly.    He had said one thing,  "I have never seen a mother quite like her.  She seems to like punishing her son for him getting a hard on."    But it had gotten worse.   One day Pat had walked in on her  oldest daughter masturbating.   "SIN!!!! SIN!!!!!! CURSED SINNER OF THE DEVIL YOU ARE!!!!!!!"  Sarah had looked up at her mother  in shock.  Her hand had slipped away from stroking her clit and she had tried to cover her body up but her  mother was over there in a second.   Pat's finger had started stroking her daughters pussy.  "YOU LIKE THE FEEL OF THAT YOU LITTLE BITCH WHORE!!!!"     Pat had yelled at her oldest daughter.   Willam was in shock he could not believe that he was hearing this from the mother.  From the one that claimed to not do any incest.    
	Sarah's mother had contiued to stroke the little girls clit until her daughter had gone over the egde moaning.   Willam had sent this taped recording to Walter also.   Walter had come back saying,  "holy shit we got one all right.   The mother has no way to protect her own urges.  She does things to her children and says that it is sin and says that she is just finishing and showing them how wrong they are but in reality she is enjoying it as much as they are.    Little Pat Barnes Baker probably had wet panties during both scenes."    Willam had smiled and agreed in return.  
	But now Ol' Pat Barnes was gone for the week and Willam was hoping that he would be able to catch the father commiting real incest with at least his oldest daughter though it wouldn't e pedophilia.    But what he did not expect was what happend.   It was the first day after Pat had left now and it was the day that it all started.    All four children and the father came downstairs from seperate rooms totally naked.   Willam could not believe it, a double life that these five members of the family were living.   Jack and Adam both had hard on's and it did not take long before the fun began.   Jack and his little girl his angle went back upstairs.    Willam could not believe what he was about to see.   Jack had taken the youngest of his daughters and brought her upstairs with him.   
	Jack never got sex from his wife she considered it sin and should only be done to procreate and since they were not procreating well they did not have sex.   So Jack loved it when his wife left he loved it when he got to take his daughters and fill them up with sperm.  Expecially when he got to take his daughter Lena up into his bed room and fuck her silly.   Willam could not believe that he was watching Jack do it with one of the most beautiful girls in the world.   Jack pulled his daughter in his arms up in his room and he kissed her lips.   There was no time right now for fore-play both were horny and Willam could tell that the little girls pussy was wet and ready.   She climbed on her daddy and spread her six year old legs.   Jack had pushed his hard cock into her pussy almost no resitance at all.  Willam knew then that this little six year old was no virgin and that she was also no stranger to anything at all.    They grunted and fucked for a few minutes before her fathers sprem started to cum inside her body.   That was all Willam needed it proved that Jack was comiting pedophilia.
	But now he came to the question that he always asked himself at a time like this.  Did he want to dystroy this man?   This kind gentle man who was now stroking his little girls hair as she slept being careful not to wake her up.   This man that was willing to bring the government back to the people and not religion.   But he had to do it.  Though Walter would not care either way.  If he did not turn the father in he would be in danger and so would his family.   No one might know about his daughter and April, but the government was not no one.   They knew everything about Willam's life just like they did about the president.  And half of the stuff in Bill Clinton's pass would never come up just like in Willam's life as long as they  both followed the orders of the underground government the one that all the senators worked for.   The one that was not really based upon religion but based on ruling the world.   The government's of the world answered to this secret commity a commity that Walter was on.  A commity that didn't give a damn about what happend to The Watcher.
	But could Willam turn Jack in?  If he didn't Jack would be in mortal damge.  The Commity liked to do things quietly but they would do things ugly if they had to.   And while chasing down The Watcher was not there favorite thing to do the Commity would do that also if they had to.   They had some of the best.   And Willam would have to run with his wife and daughter.   That was dangerous.   But he liked Jack.  Jack was not like the other people that he had been assigned to watch.  Jack was carring, and he wanted change.  The others just wanted to dystroy the commity.   Jack did not even know the commity exsisted that was how low in the senate he was.    Willam had two choices.  Now was the time to choose between them both a choice not unlike one he made nine  years ago. . .

-- - -  - -  -

Chapter 7
(Flashback:  Willam's Past)

	It was three months later when he got the call.  He had hopped that April would call sooner but she had said that it would take time and that it would be at a time when she was sure she would be alone for at least an hour.   He had picked up the phone and said,  "Hello."
	"Is Willam there?"  Her voice sounded so beautiful, his cock was at full attention now.
	"Yeah this is him, that you April?"
	"Umm hmm.    Will we need to talk now.   Meet me at the old abandoned building across from your work in half an hour."   Willam said he would and had hung up the phone.   He had gotten up from his bed where he had been laying reading a book.   He slipped on a pair of jeans and some socks.  Then pulled on a shirt over his head and slipped on his sneakers.   He ran down the stairs and said to his mother as he walked out the door,  "going over to Allen's I'll call you if I am more than two hours."   She had nodded and he was gone.   He drove down to the building and parked his car.   He walked in and there she was as beautiful as ever.   Her eyes were captivating.  He walked over to her and took her small delicate eleven year old hands into his and  warmed them gently.   She was cold he could tell.  It was winter and her coat did not protect her perfectly.   They walked around for a little bit just holding hands before aything happend.
	"Whats wrong April?"  He asked her.
	"Willam I know you have a problem, where you can not get it up for any girl above the age of fourteen, and even then you have a problem.  Michael told me that you and he did some tests on it with some pictures on the internet.   But what about me Willam how do you feel about me?  Not sexually but mentally?"
	Willam bowed his head and looked into her eyes,  "I believe that I love you April.   When you get a certian kind of body though my sexual drive for you will disappear.   But my mental drive for you will never disappear.  I like talking and spending time with you just as much as I like making love to you.  Remember that weekend, the most things that we did was talk.   The sex was secondary."
	"Will you marry me one day?"  She bowed her head scared of hearing what he was going to say.
	"I don't know if you will want to marry a pedophile April.  You will grow up and find someone that. . ."	
	She places a hand on his lips and says,   "will you take care of our child."	
	Willam paused and looked down at her.  She looked up into his eyes and he saw one tear appear at the corner of her left eye and he wipped it away.  "What do you mean April?"
	She looked down and started to cry.  He brought her into his arms and held her close.  "I'm pregnant Willam.  I didn't know it till today I wasn't sure until today but I did a pregnancy test.   Over the last three months I have been eating more and well waking up sick and not feeling good.   I took a pregnancy test today before I called you and it came out positive.  Plus my belly is starting to get bigger.  Oh GOD Willam I am pregnant!"   
	Willam held her all the tighter,   "yes I will take care of our child and you for the rest of your and the childs life. I swear."  He held her and she looked up into his eyes.   What happend after that was a blur.   She told her mother and father that she was with child.  She had no choice.   She was only eleven years old.   They both called her a bitch whore and told her that she was going to get an abortion.    She told them that she wanted the child and her father hit her, she called Willam.   He had come over just as her father had beat in her door and was about to start punching her again.   He had run up to the room hit her father instead of him hitting April and the innocent life growing in her womb.    He had taken April's hand and led her out of the house with him.    They had told the mother that she would never see them again.  He had called his parents telling them that he was moving out and that he did not need anything in his room but his computer.  He took it and left.    He never talked to anyone from that town again.  His mother and father did not care and did not miss him.   They were still alive today but he never talked to them, they did not care.   They had never been really loving parents.
	Willam remembered the first few months.   Before he  had established his contacts and gotten the money to start his business.   A friend of his contacted him a few months later though a bbs on the internet.  It turned out to be Michael.   He told Willam that April's parents were not searching for her.  That they called her a whore and a bitch.  Willam never told April.   It was time now to set up a new life and a new identity.

- - - - - - 

Chapter 8
(Present:  May, Day 45  10:02 p.m.)

	Willam had decided it was his best choice.    He waited till Pat had left for a weekend on some kind of trip with her boss.   Hmmm.    Willam walked up to the house and knocked on the door.   The oldest daughter answered it.  "Hello can I help you?"   
	"Yes is your father here?"  The girl nodded and ran to get her father.  Jack came to the door and stood there for a second looking at Willam.
	"Can I help you sir?"
	"Yes,  Jack. . .I need to talk to you."
	"And who are you?"
	"The Watcher."   Jack nodded and opened his door wider leading Willam in.   Everyone in the Senate knew who the watcher was he was whispered about all over America.  He was famous for brining stars down from fame, for dystroying good political careers because he knew something about your past.   Jack led him into the living room.  He looked nervous about what was going on.  His youngest daughter was watching television.  When she saw Willam she smiled stood up and walked over to him.
	"Hi Mr.  I'm Lena."  She stuck out her hand and he shook it.   She left the room when her father whispered to her.   Willam's blood was boiling.
	Jack motined for Willam to sit down and he did.  "I heard that you only revealed your face to those that you intend to kill."
	Willam laughed.  "I am not that cruel.  I have only killed careers not lives."
	"Then why are you here?"
	"You know that if I am here that I have been watching you for 45 days to be exact.  I have camera's all over the house inside.  I know all that has happend.  Don't try to find them you never will.  The point is that the Senate wants to ruin your career because their bosses the Commity are scared that you are a threat to them.   That you have or will have one day the power to change everything they have worked for hundreds of years to fix.   My camera's are not recording this, they are off right now for many reasons.  One of these reasons is that I don't want anyone to know this conversation is going on."
	Jack was quite for a few seconds before he spoke.  "So you have watched me fuck my daughters and my son also. . .what about my wife have you seen her doing anything?"  Jack smiled.
	Willam smiled also,  "Yeah she does things with  your two oldest kids."    
	Jack laughed.   "The bitch tries so hard to be pure but she wants it just as much as I do."   Jack paused and said, "so then why are you here?"
	"To save your life.  I want you to pack a bag, and your kids to do the same.  All of you pack bags and get the hell out of here with me.   We will take the van I rented along with my equipment of course. . ."
	"I can't leave here.   If I die then I die, but my job is more important to me than my life."
	"And your children's life also I suppose?"
	"No not more important than theirs. I love my children.  Listen Watcher.  I want you to not send that tape in to this commity I want you to help me.   I know about the commity I have for years.  I want your help to dystroy them.   Or at least plant a bomb there that is waiting to explode.   Something that proves what they are doing."
	"Impossible.   I will tell you why.    They are going to dystroy me try to track me down now that I haven't turned  you in.  I could falsfy tapes and send those in.  Tapes of every day occurances make them look like you have been doing nothing, but the commity would still kill you.  Also if I falsefy they will know becaues some tapes will have to be missing.   So no matter what  I do both of us will have to run or die."
	"I can not run.  I must dystroy the commity.   The people deserve to have there own ways of life back.   Do you know that for years now the commity has been directing the voting towards there own ends.   They wanted Clinton in the office.   Make people think the government still works, but someone like me dug up some dirt on  him and revealed it.  And now the commity has to let it run."
	"I realize that.  I  brought in some heavy dirt on him.  He got his daughter pregnant."   Willam paused.  "I  have already made pervision for what I must do.  What do you want me to do to help you.  I might have a few things I can do."   
	"How many are on the commity?"
	"12 people.  All but two are male.   They are the 12 most powerful people in America, and I don't mean money wise.  I mean powerful.  No Donald Trump or anyone in the media are on the commity.   Some use to to be in government but most have never set foot in a government office.   They are part of a huge corperation called:  NanoTech."
	"The computer company."   
	Willam nodded.  "The most powerful company in the world.   They have so many secrets going on its not funny.   But the most frightining thing is that they do not believe in religion and they do not believe in government either.   Another thing that you need to know if you are going to go for these guys Jack is that they will kill you."   Jack nods and stands up.  "What do you want me to do to help you?"
	"I want you to moniter the company, or steal some files important files from the company."    Willam laughs.  "What is funny about that?"
	"That will be easily accomplished what files do  you want?"
	"Files that prove that they are out to dystroy all governments."   
	"They don't keep that on file.   You want to know what NanoTech keeps on file...a list of every important person in the world that is a pedophile, a list of every important person in the world that does drugs or has done drugs.  A list of ever important person in the world that does illegal things."   Willam smiles and stands also.  "The only way to prove that they want to dystroy the government is to  get inside one of their meetings and tape it.   Which is impossible."   Jack sits down with his head in his hands.
	"Then what do I do now?"  
	"You pack your kids bags and yours, and you get in that van with me and we run Jack.  We run."	
	"What about my wife?"
	"Forget the bitch, she doesn't love you, she doesn't care about you.  She never did, she only married you to get away from the Barnes name.  And when her father told her that he would go to the police about her stealing money from him, where do you think she got that money to start her practice?   She started visiting him and fucking him.  Then she got pregnant from him and little Lena came into the world.    You have to forget your wife she never treated you the correct way, Lena can."   Jack nodded and stood up again.   Both of them ran up the stairs taking two at a time.   The went into Lena's room first.   

- - - - - -

Chapter 9
(Flashback:  Willam's Past)

	"I'm not sure about this Willam.  I mean my parents have got to miss me."   Willam did not stop the car to turn around.  They had just left Richmond heading up further north four states now inbetween them and home.   The small amount of money that they had was in his pockets.   A friend of his was meeting him in Richmond with the stash of money that Willam had given him a few years back to hold onto.  It was  hacking money.  Money that Willam had gotten from an organization for hacking into another companies computers.  It was well over 2 mil.  Though he had let his friend spend a million of it.   
	"April look you cannot stay with them okay?  They were wrong to do that to you to make you kill our child.  Just thank god that he did not hurt you or our baby."   She nodded and leand closer to him.  His  blood boilded but he knew that he could not do anything right now.   He pulled the car over at a hotel and they bought a room and unloaded his computer and a few other things.  He was going to do some hacking now to do some altering in records.  "April I am going to make  you sixteen, give you a new last name and new records of data.   The same goes for me.  I am going to make my age 17 and take a new last name and a new record of data."   She only nodded and laid down on the bed rubbing her belly.
	Willam worked for about four hours creating the new data and when he was done they were two new people,  Willam Brown, and April Adams.   They also had new records of birth and new social security numbers.  Everything was new and ready.   He packed up the comptuer.   Her face did not look sixteen he decided but neither did her body.  He had seen a few sixteen year olds in his time that kinda looked as  young as her.   He pulled the covers on the bed down and climbed in with her.   They were both naked.  Her ran a hand down over the small rise of her breast and then over the small rise of her belly.    He brought his mouth down to the bottom of her belly and said,  "hello in there, this is  your daddy. I will always protect  you always."   He smiled and kissed April's belly.
	"I love you Willam."  He smiled and kissed her lips.   They did not make love that night both were too tired for it.  The next day they arrived at his friends house.
	Walter walked out and hugged Willam.   They had met though the internet a few years ago and both were very powerful hackers.   Though Walter was now leaning towards politics.  He wanted to become powerful.   He handed a cool millon over to Willam and they both laughed.  "Willam so nice to see you again."
	"Hey Walter,  I want you to met April, I am going to marry her in a few days."
	"She looks a little young to me to get married."
	"She is sixteen Walter."
	"Sure she is Willam we both know that your tastes lie else where as do mine."   He smiles and  leads them into his house.   They have dinner and catch up on old times.   A few hours later Willam and April were gone and back on the road.
	"What did he mean by his tastes lying else where.  He didn't look at me sexually once."
	"He likes little boys April sweetheart."  She nodded and laid her head on his shoulder.   It was time to tell her now as good as any,  "April, would you hate me if I ever did anything sexual with our daughter if the child is a girl?"
	April sat up and looked at him.  He pulled the car over and waited.   She said,  "no I would not  hate you.  As long as she was willing towards it."   
	"I would never do it with someone that was not willing to do it."   April nodded and laid her head back on his shoulder.   They drove on into the night.  It was time to look ahead not behind at the past.

- - - - - 

Chapter 10
(Present:  June Day 56, 12:45 a.m.)

	Willam made a sharp turn around another bend.  The car behind his van was still there.  All six of the vans occupants looked behind them.   Willam though the rearview mirror.   He made antoher turn hoping to loose the car behind them.  It still tailed.  He had not counted on this happening.  That someone had been watching the watcher all this time.   But the commity was not totally trusting of the watcher.  Only one person trusted him on the commity and that had been Walter.   The van made another sharp turn.   They were close to Willam's house now and he had plans to first ditch the car behind him then ditch the van for a larger one at his house.  One  that could fit all of Jack's famly minuse the wife and all of Willam's family as well.   He pushed the gas petal all the way down making another turn.
	The car behind them made the turn at the same time, coming up in speed along side them.   Willam pushed on the gas again and made another sharp turn close to a building on the cars side of the street.   The car turned also but not in time.   It ran straight into the building.  The car exploded on impact and the van continued to drive.   Ten minutes later they arrived at his house.   "What are we doing here Willam?"  Jack asked.  He had told Jack his name after a all the kids were packed up and Lena had asked her father what Willams name was.   Willam had told them.
	"We are here to pick up a new van and my wife and daughter."   Jack nodded and they all climbed out of the van.   Willam went up and knocked on the door.   After a few doorbell rings a light came on and the door was opend by April  whoose dark blonde hair was in dissarray.   Emily was at her side her silk hair also a mess.   When they both saw that it was Willam April smiled and Emily ran into her daddies arms smiling and saying, "Daddy!!!"  He kissed his girls cheek and carried her into the house with Jack and his children following.
	"Who are they Willam?"  April asked.
	"Jack Baker and his four children.  The senator I was watching.  I have defected we have to get out of here April." 
	"About time someone knocked some sense into you."  She said.
	Willam put his daughter down desiding that there would be time for that later.  "You always did that for me April."  He kissed her cheek and said,  "did you throw the bastard out?"  She nodded and he sat down.   "Lets go get those bags I told you to pack a few weeks back. And the large van we have to get out of here now before they get to close."
	"What is Walter going to say?"   
	Willam smiled.  "Walter may be on the commity honey but he is not really a part of them you know that or I would hope you did by now."
	She smiles and says,  "I know but  you two had a good plan going for awhile."
	"Don't worry Walter won't ruin his part of it.  We both knew that I would have to defect  eventually to set the rest of the plan in motion."
	Jack spoke up.  "Wait a minute what plan?"
	"The plan to prove that all the memebers of the commity and of NanoTech are all pedophiles.  He plants the evidence every few weeks in certian files deep in NanoTech and in a few months from now I will get into those files and leak the information onto the internet.  I have been watching all 11 members of the commity for years now.   They don't know it because I am using the most advanced equipment in the world stuff that not even NanoTech knows about.  Equipment I developed.   Walter and I plan to ruin NanoTech so that JanaTech can take it's place."
	"But you said that they were too powerful to dystroy."
	"I lied.  I could not tell you in your house because it is bugged mine is not for one reason...the advanced technologly dystroys any bugs planted in my house any even the most advanced that NanoTech can produce."   
	"But why dystroy them when you have better technology."
	"They control the market, they control everything, Every one of my advanced technology has been ignored.  Like the minidisk.   But let me give you a better example of a minidisk.   You know those small chips in your computer?  Imagine a disk that is  a little bigger than them but no bigger than the palm of your six year old daughter when she was 3 years old.  I have disks that size...and smaller.  And the store more infomration than a CD ever could.   But nanotech minipulates the market so well that not even JanaTech can compete."
	"So you just release the same technology and get rich and then you dystroy them so you can advance socitey at a faster rate?"
	"Also so that the government can return to controling itssellf and so that the people can have there lives back."  Jack nods and stands up as April and Emily leave the room.  "Your daughter is well. . ."
	"Yeah I know...she gets my blood boiling also.   We have a very intimate relationship.  Her mother is only 20 years old.    My little girl is only nine.  I love her so much, I love both of them but in differnt ways.    April I love as a very close friend.  And  Emily at least until she is too old for my tastes body wise is my lover."   Jack nods as both come back with bags.   The five kids and three adults walk though the kitchen and out the back door into the garage.   The all pile into a  large van the kind that was used to sleep in and live in.  But it was much bigger and much faster and much more advanced.   The van drove off into the night.   "I have four differnt license plates for this thing and for each one we can turn the van a different color.   So don't worry.  Plus no one but My family knows where I live so we should be safe if we stay on the move for now.   In a few hours I will contact Walter and let him know where we are and that it is time to set the plan into motion."
	They drove for at least two hours before Willam turned the side computer on and signed on to the internet using a nontracable cell phone.  He contacted Walters line and Walter answered.  "So you defected, its about time.  Give me two days Willam to pretend that I don't know where you are and to plant the final file on all 11 members."    
	"Okay you got it.  I am ready whenever you are."  Walter hangs up as does Willam.  Now the wait began.   Which meant it was time to find a place to relax.

- - - - - -

Chapter 11
(Flashback:  Willam's Past..final part)

	She was nine months pregnat now.  The time had flown.   They had made love for so many nights and he had felt his child growing in his lovers belly.   Her breasts were tender now and full of milk though they were still small and round.   He loved running his hand up and down her large swollen belly.   Willam could not remember a time when he had felt so much at peace.   When she was six months pregnant they had married and now they were well across America.  He was about to set up JanaTech the company that would be the future of society.   Only one thing stood in his way and Willam knew what it was.   NanoTech a company that for years had been supplying for the military was now doing work on its own.   But Willam had a friend that would one day be powerful enough to get into NanoTech.  Walter.
	There plan was simple.  One would become the Watcher a person responsible for bringing powerful people down and helping the so called commity who was in charge of  NanoTech.   The other would have the Watcher at his beck and call and would be able to use the watcher to help the commity dystroy anyone they saw fit to dystroy.   Willam had the brains and power to be the Watcher while Walter had the brains to get on the commity.   It would take about nine years for both of them to accomplish there goals.   
	That night he woke up to the sound of panting.  He rolled over and pulled the covers down,  "What's wrong April?"
	"I. . .I think I am in labor Willam."   He jumped up and pulled the covers off of her naked body and had her spread her legs.   He looked at her pussy and sighed.   The child was not near coming out.  "Hos. . .hospital."
	Willam nodded and helped her out to the car.   They drove in the dark night towards the hospital that they had agreed to use.   "the. . .the baby wants. . .out now. .. Oh God Willam it hurts so much."   He drove faster.    They got at the hosptial as soon as they could.   He called for some help with his wife saying that she was about ot give birth.   They were taken to a dilevery room and the doctor arrived.   Five hours later April gave one last push as the child was born from her body.   It was a little girl and as her daddy held her for the first time she was quiet looking at his loving eyes.

*  * * * 
	The years went by fast.  Emily grew into a very  beautiful little girl.  Her parents both loved her dearly.  Though her father loved her in another way when she turned six.   He tried not to let it happen but he was drawn to the beautiful young daughter of his.   April knew it was happening.   She also knew that her body was no longer sexually attractive to him.   They still slept together, but there was no love making.   Willam tried his best but April knew it was time she moved on.   But she didn't want to leave Willam and Emily she loved them both though in different ways.   
	It was during Emily's sixth year that Willam and her had sexual foreplay for the first time.  It was one afternoon when she was sitting on her daddies lap drawing a picture that Emily felt her daddies hard on.   She had felt it before and she knew what it was used for her parents had explained it to her many times.   Sometimes her daddy would go away for months and do jobs and when he came back he looked satisfied for some reason.   As she drew the picture she decided to see if her daddy would touch her sexually.
	She took his hand in hers and placed it down between her legs  At first she thought he would move it.  But Willam wanted it as much as she did.  He brought his hand up her thin little girl leg slowly until it was under the dress and started to rub her little pussy though her panties.   Emily love the feel of her daddies hand on her pussy and she wanted him to keep doing it.  She started to pant and she said,  "Please keep going daddy."  He  smiled and continued to stroke her pussy.  He carried his daughter upstairs and in minutes both of them were naked and touching each others bodies.  Emily wanted her daddy to fuck her but he told her no that she was still to young.   Willam remembered those first days.   She was much smaller than Jacks yougest daugheter Lena.  Even to this day she was still smaller than most girls her age much smaller.  She was so tiny and delicate and only one man in her life had ever treated her correctly  that was her daddy.
	April and Willam got a divorce a few years later.   Emily understood now why they did but she still could see the caring and the love between the two and understood that she was her daddy's real lover tilll she got to be fourteen or so.   She would climb into his arms and in the guest bedroom he would spend six out of the tweleve months with Emily in that room making love to her.  The other six he was working away from home.  Sometimes it was less than six months sometimes it was more.
	This continued and continues to this day until the present.   Willam had a plan in motion and he had a daughter that he loved greatly.

- - - - - -

Chapter 10
(Present,  June Day 57)

	They went deep into the woods with the car using the second licesne plate and a different color on the van.   They parked by a lake and set up a camp.   Five kids running around playing.   three adults.  Two of which seemed to be getting to know each other very well.   Willam called the only other person he trusted Michael.  Michael drove out of his way stealing four cars to get down to the woods and he arrived on time.  They both looked at the young girls Willam looking at his daughter, Lena, and Jennifer.   Michael looked at Jennifer and expecially Sarah.  He had never seen anyone as beautiful as Sarah.   They started to spend a lot of time alone together.   
	Willam was sitting with Jack one day talking to him,  "So how you feeling Jack?"
	"I think I am falling in love.  You know that I am not a pedophile in reality of course."
	Willam smiled and said,  "I know what you are Jack more than you do probably.   All of your life you have been alone.  Even when you married Pat you were alone.   You have always been alone.  That was until your three daughters came into your life.  At first you thought that it was a physical attraction that was wrong, but then you realized that your girls loved you and wanted to do things with you.    They liked having sex with you and always will remember it as good times.   But you still really only loved them as daughters and now that you have borken free of Pat's loveless marriage you are free and you have found someone that loves you as much as you do her.  April is a good girl the best friend I have ever had.   Take your children try to keep them but more than likely when you divorce Pat she will take the children.  But remember one thing Jack April is delicate and small she is beautiful and free, she loves you I can tell, but if you ever hurt her like all the other men in her life I will kill you."
	Jack smiles and puts an arm around Willam's shoulders,  "you are a good man Willam Brown, though I know it is not your real name ."
	"It is real enough."
	"So what  are you?"
	"I am a certified Pedophile.  I was born with messed up genes that made me this way and I will always be this way but that is okay.   My company is not traceable to me by the way.  I knew that I could never make it because if  anyone ever found out I was a pedophile or my partner liked little boys it would kill us both.   And it would dystory our company which we do not want.    But it does not matter.  Go spend time with April and be careful.

* * *  *

	Willam felt something move his sleeping bag back and when a small bundle of nine year old flesh entered into his arms he knew that tonight he was going to be in heaven.   He let his hand slide down Emily's back and down to her round small little girl ass.  He ran his hand back up underneath her shirt and then under her panties feeling the curve of his daughters round ass.   She smiles as he pulls her panties down.   She rolls over onto her back as her daddy pulls up her shirt and looks down in the moonlight at her small thin slit.  He runs a finger up and down the slit sending shivers of pleasure though his daughters small body.  She loved the feel of his hand as it explored her small body.   The way that his touch was so careful and not rushed.   
	Willam brought his lips to his daughters lips.  They kissed tenderly at first but then the kiss drew deeper as he pushed his finger into her hole.   There tounges met in a dance in her mouth.  Then in his.  They both pushed against each other not leaving room for anything inbetween.   Willam whisperd he name in her ear when he pulled apart.   Then he went down on his daughter.  Kissing each nipple lightly bitting both of them.  He kissed her tummy licked her belly button making her laugh.  And down he went.   Her legs spread as he used his tounge around her clit and then when she cried out in pleasure he dipped his tounge into her hole.
	She was in ecstasy.  Emily had not felt her fathers touch in about four months such a long time for such a small girl so full of sexual desire to be without the only thing in the world she desired at this moment her daddy.   He came back up and they kissed on the lips.  Emily pushed her daddies boxers down and runs her small hand down his belly and grips the hard throbing organ.  She moves her hand up and down the organ for a little while and then moves her mouth down over daddies chest and down to his hard cock.  She slides her small girl mouth over the rock hard organ and feels it feel her whole mouth.  Her daddy moans and  she takes her mouth off it was time.
	She rolled on top of her daddy till they were belly to belly.   She felt his cock positioning itself over her small hole and  then him pushing it into her body.  Her pussy opend up and accepted the hard organ into it.   He pushed again and she pushed back.  Both of them feeling the full force of there union.   And soon enough both of them were over the edge in ecstacy forgetting about the noise they would be making.  Both called each others names into the night.  But no other party was aware of this.   Michael was making love to fourteen year old Jennifer,  Adam had both of his sisters in bed with him after a threesome.   And April and Jack well they were. . .

* * * * *

	"How did you become involoved with Willam?"  Jack asked April as they sat together down by the river.
	"Well it started when I was eleven years old.  A friend of mine at the time, Mandy wanted to have sex with her cousin and he wanted her to invite a friend along for a friend of his.  Well at the time I had been doing it with a few boys from school who were around 12 or 13 years old but they always used comdoms to not get me or Mandy pregnant.  Anyways I met Willam and there was just something about him.   Something I could not resist.  We were lovers for about four years before my body got too adult for him.   But it was a good four years.   I got pregnant that first weekend that we did it.  I had not even started having periods.  I got pregnant on my first one.  But anyways we had the child and named her Emily and we ran away from my parents and well that is how it ends."
	Jack smiles and puts an arm around her shoulders,  "I am glad I met you April.  How old are you really?"
	"I am 20 years old. . .nine years ago today I got pregnant."   
	Jack stops for a minute and said,  "how would you like to have more children?"
	"Depends do you want to have sex with them?"
	Jack was shocked, he had forgotten how forward this women was,  "I only want you."
	She smiled and said,  "but. . ."
	"Ask Willam about it someday."   She nodded as he leanded down and genlty kissed her on the lips.   They met like wildfire growing.  He slowly brought her closer to him as the kiss deepend.   There tounges met in her mouth entwined.  They laid down on the grass as Jack brought his hand up and under her shirt.  He brought it up to her breasts and cupped one.  They were so small like two little apples.   She was destined to have a small body much as her daughter would one day.  As the kiss deepend Jack could feel his hard cock pressed though his pants to her leg.   They broke the kiss and looked at each other.  
	He pulled her shirt up and over her head.  He looked at her small pair of round breasts and stroked a finger around her breast.  He kissed her on the lips softly and then moved down to one of the breast.  It fit in his mouth perfectly.   He sucked on the breast and then the nipple and bit it lightly.   Then he moved on down towards her tummy and kissed it.  She was so thin that Jack was scared of breaking her.  He had never seen a women this vulnrable.   He pulled her skirt down revealing a pair of sexy low cut panties.  He pullled these down also revealing a pussy that was completely bare.  He looked up at her and she said simply,  "I hate the hair down there so I shave it."  He only nodded and bought his mouth around the small delecate pussy lips and started to move his tounge around.   She was small. He could tell.   Though she was probably not as small as Lena.   
	She unbuttoned his pants and pulled them down as he came back up.  Then she pulled his boxers off revealing his hard organ.  It was sticking straight up ready for sex.  She could not beleieve it she turned him on.    She brought her mouth around the hard organ and sucked on it until he let out a loud moan.  Then she went back up and laid on her back.   Being careful Jack rolled on top of April and pushed his hard cock into her small pussy.  She was tight as if she had not had sex in a few years but she was still loose enough for him to slide easily into her body.  He felt her maon under him as he started to push and she started to push also.   They were doing it.  He felt his load give in a few minutes and he knew that she was also cumming.   It only lasted 30 minutes but it felt like hours.   Both climbed up and walked to there sleeping bag and fell asleep in each others arms.

- - - - - -

Chapter 11
(Present:  Day 60)

	The cell phone rang.  Willam walked over to it and picked it up.   "Hey Willam its ready. Just log on under  my code get the files and post them.  I have already gone to the designated  meeting point see you then."  He hung up and Willam turned around.
	"Okay gang lets get out of here.  I have to do one job real fast but it will only take a few minutes."  He quickly pulled out his lap-top computer and logged on the NanoTech computer though Walters access codes.  He pulled up the files that proved that the Nano-Tech Commity was nothing but abusive pedophiles.   He loaded the files along with the commity members names and addresses on each and ever law enforcemnt web page and bbs in the world.  Then he sent all the files to the FBI and then sent them to the America Online Trading rooms.  Then he posted them on every known USENET newsgroup, and every known service.  It would only take about 12 hours to dystroy the NanoTech company and its commity.    It was over.    
	They got in their van, which had a different license plate and a different color now and drove off towards the meeting place.   Two hours later they arrived at the meeting place.  Walter got out of his car.  He and Willam walked up to each other and hugged each other.    It was over.  Everything was done.   They had NanoTech where they wanted them.  Tomorrow they would be able to buy out the company and sit back with new technology rolled out every year.

* * * * *

	"Walter betrayed us.  He had meant to do it all alone.   They are safe now you know that don't you.  There is no proof.  Not even our best men coud find anything on either one of them.  No past.  No future.  No money.  No stocks.  They own nothig not even houses.  They are invisible."
	"Sir the cops are here to arrest us."
	"Aaron why don't we have anything tell  me before the cops get here?"
	"They are the two best hackers in the world that is why."   Aaron paused before he said,  "as far as the computer is conserned no Willam Brown or Walter Follet ever exsisted.  Nethier did a Jack Baker or a Michael Carson...not even an April Brown exsist  or an Emily Brown or any of the Bakers.  Except for one Patrica Brown and she thinks her husband and kids died in a car crash....in fact that is what it says about Jack Baker that he died in a car crash.   And as for JanaTech we have no idea no one has ever listed who owns it because no one knows.  They are pros not amautures.  They are untraceable and they have won.  As the saying goes. . .may the best man win. . ."   
	The cops burst into the room, FBI, SWAT, you name it they are there.    "Aaron McCorn, Janet Allens, Rachel Turner,  Tom Waller, John McBaine, Quincy Adams, Jack Broneson, Tim Alec, Randy Adams, John McCaine, and Anthony Brown, you are all under arrest for counts of murder, rapeing children, and raping adults, trying to over throw the government and treason.   You have the rigth to remain silent, you have the right to an. . .

- - - - - - -

Epilouge.

	"Today the company known as Nano-Tech was bought out by the company called JanaTech.   Just a month ago the whole executive board of the company Nano-Tech was arrested for everything from rape of a child to murder of as many as 30 people.  All 11 memebers of the board will be exacuted for Treason.  Something that has not happend in this country in a long time.  But they were as reports come in they were trying trying to over throw the government.   Nano-Tech had been the leader in technology.  Its board of directors called them selves the Commity and they had been minipulating the government for years.  Until today...."

	Willam flips off the television and raps his arms around his daughter.   He loved the feel of her body pressed to his.  Everyone lived in the large mansion now.   Everyone had there names changed to protect them.  Jack did not even want to go back into congress anymore, figuring that by working for JanaTech he could make the world change.   He was right.  Jack and April were expecting twins in nine months two little boys.   Walter was sleeping with his wife and son who all three like the same thing little boys.  Adam was sleeping with Lena and Jennifer most every night and Micheal and Sarah were sleeping together and in nine months were expecting twins also, two little girls.   It allw as working out perfectly.  Nano-Tech was dystoryed and everyone was happy.  Willam lifted his daughter up and carried her to there bedroom.  Tonight he was taking nothing in stride.   There house was well protected out in the country deep on 35 acers of land that was used for cattle above ground but underground it was used for anything they could imagine.    The future was underway. . .

The End.

Words from the Author:  I wrote this story in two days....who knows when the next story this involved will come from me.   But when it does I will let  you know.  I love these characters.  They are so full of life and have so much meaning in them.   I hope you enjoyed the story.  GoDSpiT














--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....

·