Graduation!  Shit, that was a great 4 years! Kathy was accepted into nursing
school.  She moved into the nurses dorm.  The rules there were strict.  You
know, no boys after 10 pm, checking in with the front desk, all that good
shit.  Well, this presented no problems for Kathy.  She had it made in the
shade.  Her own private room, right next to the gymnasium.  This Gym was used
by the dental students for playing basketball.  Kathy made the most of this
situation, but I tell you about that later.
     My best friend was named Mike.  He and I did everything together.  Kathy
really didn't know him very well because when I was with him, we would hunt
for cunt.  Not exactly the kinda friend she wanted me to have, but with her
newly found freedom, she had plenty of other things to occupy her time.
      It was a Saturday night and Mike and I were out at the cruising circuit
trying to scrape up some strange.  We didn't have much luck and decided to
grab some brews and go and see what was happening at the ol' nurses dorm.  I
stopped at a phone to call Kathy and she didn't answer her phone.  That
didn't discourage us because we knew that the place was FILLED with horny
nurses.
     When we got to her room, she still wasn't there.  I knocked on the door
across the hall to see if maybe Kathy was visiting with a friend. Kathy
answered the door rather mysteriously by just cracking the door and peeking
out.  When she saw me, she opened the door.  I looked in, and Nikki (the girl
who lives across the hall) her boyfriend Jim, and Kathy were all watching TV.
She was very happy to see me and told me to go into her room and she would be
right there.
     So, Mike and I went to her room, unloaded the 12 pack in her portable
fridge and sat down on the only seat in the room...her bed.  A couple minutes
later, Kathy came in.  She had this "cat that ate the mouse" look on her
face. I asked what they were watching on TV.  "Just a movie" she responded
under her breath.
     Mike found a deck of cards on the night stand and started shuffling the
deck.  "wanna play strip poker or something?" Kathy asked while twisting off
a beer.  Mike looked at me waiting for me to say something.  I told her that
we just wanted to find somebody for Mike to have.  Kathy just smiled and
began dealing cards.  "Lets play showdown for ME.  Whoever wins gets ME." she
demanded. I was feeling crazy, so we dealt.  Well, Kathy won.  I asked her
what she wins.  "that means I get BOTH of you" she said as she took off her
top and exposing her firm tits.  Mike just blew his mouthful of beer all
over the bed.  (remember, he doesn't know Kathy like we do)
     Kathy jumped between us in the bed and reached between Mikes legs and
grabbed his cock through his jeans.  He quickly pulled away.  I nodded my
head and told him to go for it.
     She unzipped his pants and began jacking his HUGE cock off.  I couldn't
believe how big his cock was.  It must have been 12-13 inches!  I wonder why
he would have any trouble getting girls?  Kathy's eyes got as big as silver
dollars and she quickly got her pants and undies off.  She looked over at me
and told me to get my pants off too.  Well, feeling inadequate with only 9
inches, I took them off and covered up with the blanket.  She leaned over and
began sucking his cock.  At the same time, she reached over and began jacking
me off too. I finished taking all my clothes off and started to enjoy
watching them go at it.
     Mike was in extasy.  "She give great head, doesn't she" I said.  Mike
just sat there and gritted his teeth.  Then Kathy while laying on her stomach
eating his cock, let go of my rock hard cock & put a pillow under her pelvis
and stuck her beautiful round ass in the air.  "can I rub myself while you
lick me?" she asked me.  I buried my face in her ass and began licking her
anus.  She rubbed her clit while I tonged her puckerpot.
     We where really into the heat of the moment when suddenly, the door
opened.  Nikki and Jim standing there in their robes.  "Well, well, you guys
are better than that porno movie we're watching" Nikki said.  Well, so THAT's
why Kathy's so horny I thought.  Mike quickly grabbed a blanket and tried to
cover all of us up, but who was HE kidding?!  Nikki said that they wanted to
know if we had an extra beer.  Kathy just pointed to the fridge and kept on
sucking.
     I had stopped my "duties" for the moment and I guess I looked pretty
lonely sitting on the other end of the bed by myself while my best friend was
being sucked by my girlfriend.  Nikki said to me "where is YOUR girl?" I just
smiled and showed her my palm.  "That's a shame to waste that on your own
hand" she said, "let me help you" Jim and Nikki smiled at each other as she
strutted over to the bed.
     Nikki removed her robe and exposed the BIGGEST NIPPLES I have ever seen!
They were about dark brown and about 5 inches across!  Those tits were so
big, they were out of place on her small body.  She sat down on the now
crowded bed and began massaging my thigh.  My cock jumped.  "down, boy" she
ordered.  I cupped one of her gargantuan jugs in my palm and began studying
them.  She asked me if I like them. (What do you think) I asked her if they
gave her problems with all that weight.  She told me that sense she had her
daughter a few months ago, she had to relieve them every now and then.  She
proceeded to take her other tit and she cupped her hand around the nipple and
squirted a stream of milk on my leg.  "GEEZ!  I love it" I told her.
     Kathy sat up and looked over at Jim and asked if HE was going to take
off his robe.  He did.  His cock was real FAT.  I mean FAT FAT!  Not long,
but to the point of almost looking deformed. And his balls!  Well, they were
HUGE!  While Kathy massaged Mikes cock, she coaxed Jim to her side of the
bed.  She reached over and grabbed his monster balls and gave them a strong
pull toward her mouth.  He obviously followed his balls over to her awaiting
jaws.  She began sucking his cock while continuing to jack off Mike's long
tool.
     In the mean time, Nikki had began sucking my cock.  She was squeezing
her right tit with her right hand and squirting streams of milk all over my
lap and up on my crotch.  She would sometimes sit up and let a stream squirt
on my face.  It was a sweet tasting milk.  Not pure white, but a bit watery
looking and a little sticky.  I loved the feeling of the warm fluid on my
body.
     By this time, the twin bed was covered with people.  Mike was on one end
sitting with his back to the wall while Kathy was sitting on her ankles and
on her knees giving him a hand job.  Jim was standing on the side of the bed
getting the skin sucked off his dick and his balls pulled by Kathy's other
hand.  Nikki was on her knees on the opposite side of the bed where I was
sitting with my feet on the floor getting my cock sucked and squirted by
milk.
     Then, Kathy began moaning "I want to be fucked HARD"  Nikki sat up and
told me to watch her.  Mike layed on the bed and Kathy straddled his cock.
She began to slowly sit down on his 13" cock.  Kathy was in disbelief.  She
kept pushing and pushing, and more cock just kept coming.  Nikki reached over
under Kathy's ass and grabbed Mikes balls.  Mike jumped and let out a cry to
stop.  Nikki kept pulling while Kathy bucked.  Then Nikki took her other
hand, spit on her finger, and stuck it in Kathy's asshole.  Kathy threw
her head forward and moaned for Jim to get behind her and stick his cock in
her ass.  Jim's cock was so fat, I thought that would hurt Kathy.  (this cock
was about 3" in diameter but only about 6 inches long) I had to see this.
Kathy leaned forward, Nikki spread her ass cheeks wide while Jim grabbed his
cock and began pushing it into Kathy's tight anus.  His cock bent left and
right, and Kathy squirmed.  Then, Nikki spit on her finger again and rubbed
it all over Kathy's brown pucker and helped hold onto Jim's cock.  Finally,
Kathy let out a loud moan as her anus relaxed and opened wide enough to let
that huge tree trunk of a cock slide in.  Kathy was moaning and grunting
while both men kept their cocks pumping.
     I was sitting on the end of the bed with my cock throbbing!  Nikki
jumped on the bed and straddled my lap facing me.  Her tits were on each side
of my face.  I put one in each hand and started milking them all over my
face, shoulders and chest.  "I love the feeling of the warmth of your milk
all over me." I murmured.  She responded "do you like my warm juices all over
you?" "Oh, yes! I like ALL kinds of hot juices all over me" I responded.
With that, I saw Nikki reach down between her legs and spread her cunt lips
with one hand.  "squeeze my tits real hard now" she ordered "I have a
surprize for you."  With that, I noticed her stomach contracting and I felt a
small squirt of pee on my cock. "Oh yes" I moaned "I feel your warmth running
down my balls.  "Give me more" I demanded.  Nikki pushed me back, turned and
straddled my face.  She licked her piss off of my cock and began sucking my
rod while massaging my balls and asshole.  She let another small stream go.
It landed on my neck and ran down each side and onto the bed.  I grabbed her
tits and milked both of them.  The milk squirted on my stomoch and chest.  It
ran down my side and made pools on both side's of me.  But, I wanted it ALL!
"Let it all go!" I said "I want it on my face!"  She was sucking my cock real
fast now.  I loved the feeling of her massaging my balls and ever so lightly
fingering the outside of my ass.  "I'm gonna shoot my load" I summoned.  With
that she stuck her finger all the way into my asshole, sucked my cock REAL
hard.  I saw her stomach contract again and watched her asshole pucker
outward as a long hot stream of piss came out of her pussy and ran into my
mouth, in my nose, down in my ears.  It kept coming and coming. I couldn't
stand it any more. I squeezed both of her tits real hard and huge streams of
milk squirted all me while I blew an intense load into her mouth. She turned
around to show me her open mouth with all my cum inside.  She tipped her head
back, gargled, and swallowed it in 3 gulps.
     Kathy, Jim and Mike were going at it hot and heavy. I sat up so I could
clearly see both cocks inside Kathy.  Jim began saying "I'm gonna cum in your
ass, I gonna cum in your ass?"  Kathy was throwing her head back and fourth
with her long straight brown hair.  "give me your enourmous enema" she
barked.  With that, Jim let out a HUGE grunt and his body jerked several
times.  I could see his balls tighten inside his scrotum as the cum began
running out of her ass.
     Almost immediatly, Mike began bucking real hard and moaning. Kathy
abruptly got off of Mike.  A large glop of cum shot up and onto his chest.
Kathy quickly began sucking his pulsating rod trying to get the rest of Mikes
hot goo.  While she was bent over Mike's cock, I could see Kathy's asshole
had not yet clenched back to normal yet.  A pool of cum was running out her
bowels.  While she was sucking, she reached between her legs and began
rubbing her clit.  Her asshole clenched shut as a quart of gooey cum came
running out of her brown pucker hole.  It ran down her pussy lips, and poored
onto the bed as she massaged herself in a jolting climax.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  