		    Water, Water Everywhere


			 Introduction

     Teresa sat on the couch and ran her vinyl-gloved fingers
through her luxurious black hair.  Sipping slowly from a glass of
wine, she contemplated the activities to come.  The thought of
the evening's kinky activities turned her pussy warm with desire. 
She had done some pretty kinky scenes before, but usually it
had been "business".  Teresa made a comfortable living, by
Manhattan standards, as a legal secretary, but supplemented her
income with gifts from "generous, mature men who desire total
submission to a young Italian Goddess", as her personal ad read. 
Tonight would be different, though.  Several weeks before Teresa
had run into two of her friends at a singles club on the east
side, an attractive couple named Jeff and Anne, while on a date
with one of her "generous" friends, a banker named Harold who had
been cuffed and gagged, naked, and chained to her waist that
night.  She made him kneel at her feet and kiss her pumps while
she sat and talked with her friends, who after recovering from
the surprise of seeing Teresa in such a role had admitted that
they were turned on by the idea, although they had only tried
some mild swinging before.  One thing led to another, and the
evening had ended with the three of them piled together in Anne's
large waterbed, Harold chained into a chair at the foot of the
bed.   Since then they had allowed Teresa to dominate them
several times, and tonight she was going to push them a bit
further than before.  A few months earlier Teresa had stopped
seeing a wealthy man who had had some unusual interests, and she
had kept much of the equipment he had bought for her.  Tonight
she had decided to put it to use.
     Teresa shivered with excitement as she stopped absent-
mindedly stroking the lips of her pussy.  She was beginning to
need to pee - she had drank two glasses of water before the glass
of wine.  Time to go.  Teresa stood up and adjusted the tops of
her boots, then picked up her glass and headed for the kitchen.


:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

			 Part One

     "Comfortable?" Teresa asked, wine glass in hand as she
entered the kitchen where Jeff and Anne were restrained as she
had left them an hour before.  Neither could answer her, of
course, because both were fully gagged.  The sight of the two of
them strapped to her kitchen table in a "sixty-nine" position
would have been erotic enough without the additional restraints. 
Teresa's boot heels clicked on the clay tiles of the floor as she
walked over to her slaves.  She was wearing a vinyl bustier and
miniskirt, the skirt just long enough to cover her neatly trimmed
black bush and the top cut to allow her firm breasts to push out
until most of her areolas showed.  A pair of vinyl boots, thigh
high and skintight, and over-the-elbow gloves in the same shiny
black material completed her ensemble.  Teresa had been tempted
to rub herself off while she let her playthings wait for her
return, but had held off so she could get the most from the scene
to come.  Now she walked around the heavy table in the center of
the room and examined her earlier handiwork while she sipped the
last few swallows in the glass.
    She had Jeff tied down on his back on top of the plastic
dropsheet covering the table, and Anne on her stomach on top of
him.  Both were tied spread-eagled, with Anne's wrists tied to
Jeff's ankles and vice-versa and then secured with thick canvas
straps to eyehooks on the underside of the four corners of the
tabletop.  A wide leather belt encircled both their waists, and
she had cinched it to the point where it would have been
difficult for both to inhale deeply simultaneously.
     The crowning touch, though, was the matched set of rubber
gear the couple was wearing.  Both were in full hoods which
vaguely resembled snug gas masks, though with additional straps
and rings attached strategically. The masks had eyeholes which
Teresa had covered with leather blindfolds strapped around each
head, and a hole in front of the mouth where a variety of items
could be inserted.  On the inside of each hood a mask was
strapped tightly over the mouth and nose of each slave, and these
masks poked through the mouthhole of each hood.  Teresa had
purchased the masks, from a specialty shop that catered to her
exotic interests, to use with the rubber hoods.  Two tubes
protruded above the mouth opening of each mask so that even with
that hole blocked breathing would be unobstructed.  The mouth
hole itself, about two inches in diameter, could be covered with
a screw-on rubber cap, and Teresa had collected several
interesting devices which fit onto the threads to be held in
place in the mouth of the wearer.  At the moment both masks held
cock-shaped gags in place, inserted several inches into each
mouth.  Additionally, each slave was wearing a heavy vinyl and
leather "chastity" restraint, basically a pair of strap-on shorts
with ass and crotch holes which Teresa had locked onto the
couple.  Jeff's cock, sticking through the front hole of his
chastity shorts, was confined in a leather tube that held it in
place bent downward between his legs to prevent full erection. 
Both their assholes and Anne's tender cunt were stuffed with
large rubber dildos held in place by straps locked to D-rings in
the front and back of the shorts.  Teresa let her gloved fingers
sneak into her pussy and play with her wet slit for just a
moment, shaking with excitement at the touch of the slick rubber
on her budding clit.  Putting her empty wine glass down beside
the toys on the counter she walked over to the table.  The couple
shifted slightly as she approached.
     "Nervous, dears?" she asked.  "You should be."  She released
the catch on Anne's blindfold and removed it, then did the same
for Jeff.  Jeff looked up from beneath Anne with a look of desire
which Teresa ignored.  "Time for more fun.  I hope you're thirsty
again."  Before putting them in bondage Anne had made each of her
submissives drink two large glasses of water.  Now she removed
the cock gag from Jeff's mouth, quickly replacing it with
another, one with a tube running through a hole in the middle. 
She fixed this gag in place, then went to the counter and took a
small funnel from the equipment layed out there.  The dark-haired
dominatrix filled a large glass with water and returned to the
table, where she inserted the small end of the funnel into the
tube protruding from Jeff's mouth and began pouring.  As the
water drained into his mouth Jeff swallowed frantically, until he
had ingested another pint or two of water.  Anne replaced Jeff's
original gag and repeated the procedure with Anne, inserting a
length of rubber hose between the funnel and the hollow gag so
she could raise the funnel over Anne's head to force the water
upo the gag into her mouth.  After the young slave had consumed
roughly as much as Jeff had Teresa replaced her original gag.
     "Hmm, I bet you two aren't really full yet.  I think I'll
just add another pint or two apiece," Teresa said.  Both slaves
made a quiet moaning sound.  "QUIET!" Teresa commanded.  "Another
peep out of either of you and I'll whip Anne's ass raw!"  Turning
to the counter Teresa selected a large enema bag.  "Don't worry,
I'm not going to make you drink it this time.".  With that she
filled the bag to the highest mark, just over two and a half
quarts.  She then walked over and patted Anne on the leg. 
"You're first, my little bitch."  Anne's eyes widened when she
looked up at the full water bag, but she remained silent.  Teresa
opened the clasp on the rear D-ring holding the restraining strap
between Anne's legs and slid the strap free of the ring at the
base of the rubber cock in her ass.  Inches above Jeff's face she
pulled the dildo out, flecked with bits of Anne's shit.  "Want to
clean this off for me, Jeffy?" she asked, and Jeff responded by
nodding his head slightly. "I know you do, you little shitlicker.
Too bad." she said, putting the dildo to one side.  With Anne's
tight brown hole stretched by the dildo it was easy to insert the
tube several inches into her ass, and as Teresa released the
valve near the bottom of the hose the water began to fill the
girl's intestines.  By raising and lowering the bag Teresa
controlled the rate at which the water flowed, eliciting silent
but delightful squirms and wiggles from her victim, until just
under half the bag had been deposited inside her.  Teresa then
reclamped the valve, stopping the flow, and as she slid the tube
out she quickly and rather viciously shoved a large plug back up
Anne's asshole.  This proved too much for poor Anne, who moaned
loudly and tensed her body as the thrust triggered a wave of
cramps deep in her bowels.
    "That's going to cost you, Annie.  I hope Jeff doesn't make a
noise like that, I don't know if your bum can take that much
punishment!".  Jeff looked up helplessly from between Anne's
thighs.  Teresa refastened the strap through the ring at the base
of the new plug, and then moved to the other end of the table to
work on Jeff.  She laughed when he grunted aloud as the dildo was
jerked from his asshole, and when he groaned as the remainder of
the water filled him.  With Anne strapped on top of him Teresa
figured Jeff might cramp more severely than the girl, and so she
kept the water bag raised as high as the hose allowed to fill him
more quickly.  Jeff moaned even louder than Anne had when his ass
was plugged, and Teresa laughed again.  "Anne, this worthless
slave can't even follow instructions to save your ass!  I don't
want to allow so much punishment to accumulate that you can't
take it all at once, so why don't we catch up some?  Don't go
anywhere!".  The dark-haired girl walked out of the kitchen,
leaving the two slaves helplessly bound, filled from both ends
with water to what they were beginning to feel was the bursting
point.  When Teresa was out of the room both slaves moaned
slightly, as the enemas filling their bowels sent waves of
sensation through them.  Bound helplessly to the table, they
could only wonder what Teresa had planned for the rest of the
evening!


		     -=o=- -=o=- -=o=- -=o=- -=o=-

			       Part Two

     As Teresa walked back into the kitchen, the classical CD she
had chosen began playing on the stereo in the living room, an
album of somber dirges that she always liked to use to "set the
mood" during her bondage sessions.  The latex she was dressed in
was now slick with her perspiration, and she was glad that her
bladder was now quite full as it distracted her enough to keep
from coming from the sensations aroused by walking around in the
exotic outfit.  Keeping her right hand behind her back, she stood
next to the table and smiled to herself as Jeff's eyes looked up
at her imploringly from between Anne's legs.  Outwardly, though,
she remained stern.
     "Lets see, now. I believe there were four infractions for
which little Annie's ass has to pay penance," she said as she
brought the thin leather crop out from behind her back.  Rubbing
it lightly along Anne's calves and thighs, she continued. "The
penalty for each infraction is ten strokes. Poor girl, don't you
wish Jeffie could have kept his suffering to himself?".  Anne
nodded silently, but did not attempt to look around at Teresa. 
She shivered slightly, though Teresa couldn't tell if it was from
the sensations of the crop rubbing up and down her leg, or from
the feelings produced by her filled bowels.  "You understand,
don't you Jeffery, that you are responsible for this?".   This
time it was Jeff who nodded in silence.  Very well.  Anne, I am
going to remove your chastity belt now, and the strap holding in
your ass plug.  Don't you _dare_ spill a drop of enema on Jeff's
face or on my table.". Teresa punctuated her instruction with a
sharp slap of the crop against the back of Anne's thighs, just
enough to produce a light pink welt.  She quickly undid the
fastenings on the shorts and slipped them down to just below
Anne's buttocks.  The young girl's cheeks were pink and firm, and
covered with a sheen of sweat from the latex shorts. Teresa gave
the plug in Anne's ass a push, which caused her to squirm, and
rubbed her latex-gloved hand across her ass cheeks.
     "Neither of you is to make a sound for the duration of this
punishment. If I hear a peep from either of you, I will just have
to add ten strokes." Teresa rubbed the tip of the crop around
Anne's ass, letting the little flap of attached leather gently
tease until Anne was moving her ass slightly upwards to meet it.
Raising the tip of the crop several inches above her ass, she
paused long enough to let Anne wonder when the blow would fall. 
Then with a quick flick the end of the crop descended with a
swish to strike directly across the middle of both cheeks.  Anne
started at the sudden blow, more from surprise than pain, and
Teresa repeated the blow slightly lower.  Anne jumped again as a
second pink stripe appeared on her ass parallel to the first.
     "That should do for a warm-up, Anne.  You should know that I
can do a lot worse with this crop...in fact, you'll know very
soon,"  Teresa taunted as she walked around to the other side.
She stroked her victim's back with the end of the crop, then as
she drew it down to her lower back snapped it up and down onto
her ass again, this time without pause and somewhat harder. The
stripe from this blow was slightly deeper in color, and this time
Anne's squirms seemed to trigger a cramp in Jeff's abdomen, for
his eyes widened and he seemed to try to twist slightly in their
mutual bonds.  Teresa snapped off several more blows in quick
succession, peppering both cheeks evenly, until she had reached
ten strokes, leaving the girl's tender ass crossed with reddening
lines across both cheeks.  She had not let loose any really hard
whippings, but still Anne wiggled her ass and seemed ready to
moan out at any moment, and Jeff was clearly all the more
uncomfortable from the combined pressure of his enema from within
and her sqirming body on top of his.
     Teresa walked around to the end of the table nearest Anne's
legs and Jeff's head before the next set of blows.  Raising the
lower edge of the front of her latex miniskirt slightly, she said
"Oh Jeffy, look.  My poor pussy is just throbbing.".  Jeff leaned
his head back and twisted, but could not quite see as she slipped
the first two fingers of her left hand between her legs. "Mmmm...
I bet you wish you could lick my cunny, Jeff," she moaned as she
wiggled her fingers against her dripping slit.  Keeping her left
hand on her pussy, she raised the crop in her right hand and
brought it down on Anne's right ass cheek, this time harder than
the first blows had been.  Anne's fingers clenched, then
straightened, and her back arched slightly as a bright red mark
which exactly matched the shape of the flap on the crop appeared
on her buttock.  Teresa followed quickly with a matching blow on
the left side, then back and forth at a rapid tempo, increasing
the force with each blow until she had counted twenty more blows
without a break.  By the final blow Anne was squirming as much as
her bonds allowed, which was not much, and her fists were
clenched so tightly that her wrists and knuckles were turning
white.  Teresa's fingers moved quickly in her cunt, catching her
clit between the slick latex sheathing her fingers and slipping a
centimeter or two inside her vagina with each blow, until she was
on th brink of orgasm.  Moving quickly around to the other end of
the table, she finished off the last ten blows without
masturbating, and Anne's body tensed in pain as each stroke fell
harder than the one before.  Finally, after the fortieth blow had
fallen and Anne's ass was covered with glowing red and purple
welts, she dropped the crop on the table.
     "Very good, Anne.  You may now make noise if you wish. Jeff,
you are to remain silent."  Anne moaned out loud, continuing to
clench and unclench her hands as the burning in her ass subsided
from pain to pleasure.  Teresa watched as she wiggled and writhed
with the pain, allowing her to continue until the squirming of
her abdomen changed to rubbing her crotch against Jeff's face and
the sounds she was emitting were those of pleasure.
     "Enough. Lay still now, you little slut. "  Teresa walked
around to the other end of the table and unfastened the bonds
holding Anne's ankles to Jeff's wrists, then returned to free the
girl's arms as well.  Unfastening the waist belt, she helped Anne
get to her feet, leaving Jeff fastened face up on the table. 
Teresa led Anne to stand at the end of the table nearest his
head.
     "Take off those shorts, and put these on," Teresa said,
handing Anne the spike-heeled pumps she had worn to the house
earlier that evening.  While she followed these instructions,
Teresa grabbed a pair of ropes from the counter.  Standing behind
Anne, she told the slave-girl to put her hands behind her back,
where she quickly tied them together, then bent down to tie her
ankles as well.  When she stood back up she gave Anne's abused
ass a solid swat with her palm, which caused the girl to squeal
in surprise and pain and almost caused her to lose her balance in
the four-inch heels.
     With Anne watching through the eyeholes in her rubber hood,
Teresa returned from the counter with another toy, what appeared
to be a lifelike black rubber dildo at one end and a short, thick
black rubber plug at the other.  Teresa removed the penis gag
from Jeff's mask, and holding her toy where he couldn't see it,
smiled down at him.  "Jeff, it's time for you to please your
Mistress.  I'm so horny, I think my pussy wants to be fucked.  Do
you want to help?".  Jeff's eyes widened, and he quickly answered
"Yes, mistress, please.  My cock is yours to use as you wish!". 
     Teresa laughed as she slipped the blindfold back over his
eyes. "Of course it is, as is the rest of your worthless hide. 
Open wide."  As Jeff opened his mouth to comply, she brought the
dildo forward and pushed the short end into his mouth.  Anne
realized that the middle of the thing had a sort of double
thread, which Teresa tightened to the threaded mouthhole of
Jeff's mask, leaving the cocklike end of the dildo sticking
several inches up from his face.  "Jeff, how silly of you to
think that I would let your little penee in my beautiful cunt.  I
think this arrangement will work just fine. Don't you agree,
Anne?".
     Anne squirmed uncomfortably and moaned as another wave of
cramps hit from her water-filled intestines.  Standing, Teresa
could see, the girl was visibly working to hold in the water.  As
Teresa climbed onto the table and straddled Jeff's chest, she
wiggled a finger for Anne to lean forward.  As she did so, Teresa
leaned forward and removed the gag from her mouth, then pushed
her head down to the table until she was bent nearly ninety
degrees at the waist.  Sliding forward, Teresa used her free hand
to guide the dildo sticking out of Jeff's mask into her wet
pussy, sighing in pleasure as it filled her cavity.  Pulling
Anne's head forward tight against her groin, she rubbed forward,
moaning as the front of her pussy pushed against the bound, bent
girl's lips through the mouthhole of the mask.  "Lick my pussy,
Anne!" she grunted, picking up her crop from the table and
slapping the girl's shoulders.  "Suck me, make me come my little
slut!" she said breathily, as she began to stroke up and down on
Jeff's face.  Anne anxiously pushed her tongue as far forward as
her awkward position would allow, and Teresa pulled her head in
more tightly as her crotch began to move more rapidly up and
down.  "Uhnn...ummm....ahhh..." she sighed with excitement as she
pumped up and down, the tempo increasing as she slapped Anne's
upper back with the crop. "Ohh....OOHHH...OHHHGODDDD!" she
screamed when her powerful orgasm finally rocked through her
body.  Grunting and writhing, she pulled Anne's head in with both
hands while she pushed down firmly onto Jeff's face, burying the
dildo deep in her throbbing cunt, as the pleasure washed over her
in waves.  Finally she pushed Anne back to her feet, as Jeff
began to wiggle frantically beneath her.  Laughing, Teresa
realized that she had pushed down far enough to cover the nasal
tubes which were his only way to breath.  She took her time
getting up, watching his writhing to be sure he was not passing
out, and when she finally did slip the dildo from her cunt he
breathed in desperately as his chest rose and fell furiously. 
     Teresa slowly stepped off the table, her legs still a little
weak from her orgasm. She was not quite done with her slaves, for
she had one final plan for their humiliation.  She quickly freed
Jeff's arms and legs and had him stand at the end of the table
facing Anne.  She slipped a pair of handcuffs over his wrists
behind his back, and attached shackles to his ankles which she
locked together with a small padlock.  Then Jeff was pushed back
onto the table so that he was lying on his back with his legs
extending past the edge of the table and down to the floor.
     "Stay there, little boy, I have to get a few things." Teresa
grabbed several toys off the counter, including the gag with a
tube in the center, which she fixed in place of the dildo in
Jeff's mask.  She also freed his cock from its leather sheath,
and attached a threaded ring to the shorts he was still wearing
so that his cock extended out of it.  She pushed Anne to her
knees, then pushed her head down as she guided Jeff's cock into
her mouth far enough to tighten the ring around the base of his
cock to the threads in her mask.  Teresa had thus locked his cock
in place, and Jeff began to move his hips slowly as it swelled in
Anne's mouth.  Finally, Teresa placed the funnel in the hole in
the center of Jeff's gag, and climbed over him to position her
pussy directly above it.
     "Okay, slaves, here's the situation.  Anne, Jeff and I are
going to relieve ourselves, as I'm sure you need to do too.  You
are not to pee one drop until I give you permission, or I'm going
to whip your ass raw.  Do you understand me?".  Anne's eyes
looked out desperately from behind her mask, and she was
beginning to make small choking sounds as Jeff's cock inevitably
engorged in her warm, moist mouth, but she managed to nod. 
"Jeff, you are not to pee until I am finished. If you do, Anne
will be punished.  Here it comes!".  With that, a trickle of
golden pee flowed from Teresa's pussy into the funnel and into
Jeff's mouth.  The trickle quickly became a steady stream, which
she kept up for almost a minute as Jeff swallowed frantically and
Anne watched with distaste.  As more liquid was forced into his
belly Jeff moaned in discomfort as his enema, now inside him for
most of an hour, shifted and sloshed.  Finally the last few drops
dripped from Teresa's pussy, and she slid off of Jeff and stood
next to the table.
     "Now, Jeff, it's your turn.  You can empty your bladder now,
if you need to.".  Jeff had been holding a very full bladder for
so long that it took him a few moments to start peeing, but when
he did Anne suddenly found her mouth filled with his bitter,
salty, amber fluid.  She choked at first, but his cock was so
deep in her that she didn't really have to swallow, the piss just
poured down her throat.  The golden cocktail lasted more than a
minute, and by the time it was over her belly was bloated with
more liquid than she ever thought she could handle.  Finally the
stream stopped, and she managed to swallow the last mouthful
without coughing it up. 
     "Very good, Anne.  In a moment you can pee, but first..". 
Teresa loosened the threaded ring and allowed Anne to stand up.
As she stood, Jeff's cock slipped from her mouth, glistening with
saliva and urine and once again becoming fully erect.  Teresa
stepped behind Jeff and lifted his upper body to assist him in
sitting on the edge of the table.  While Teresa shifted her
weight from side to side and tried not to pee without permission.
Teresa removed Jeff's blindfold and took a firm grip on his
collar ring.
     "Okay, Anne, you are to pee now. Begin!" Teresa commanded. 
Anne looked up at her uncomfortably, but she had to pee so badly
that she couldn't have waited any longer if she had to, and her
legs were suddenly running with her piss as it flowed out from
between her bound thighs.  She felt completely humiliated,
standing there being watched by two other people as she pissed on
herself, and she hung her head and watched as the yellow puddle
around her feet grew and grew.  Finally she was finished, and she
had never felt such relief, but now the sudden release of
pressure in her midsection caused another enema cramp and she
bent over, then knelt, then laid on the floor in her own pee
while the pressures equalized.  Teresa laughed out loud at her
predicament.  "Very good, Anne.". She unlocked Jeff's wrists and
ankles.  "Jeff, carry Anne to the bathroom behind the laundry
room," she said, indicating a door on one wall.  "When she has
relieved herself, you are to clean her off with your tongue and
then eat her pussy until she comes.  Then clean up this mess,"
she said, indicating the puddle of Anne's pee on the kitchen
tile, "and come find us.  Only then will you be freed and allowed
to release your enema.".  With that, Teresa turned and walked
from the room.


			     Epilogue

     Anne sat at Teresa's feet, naked, finally freed from her
latex bondage gear.  Teresa sat on the couch in a silky Teddy and
pumps, gently brushing Anne's hair.  While Jeff had cleaned the
kitchen, the two girls had showered, Anne washing Teresa's body
all over and eating her to another climax, then being permitted
to kneel while Teresa directed the spray of water onto her cunt
until she came.  When Jeff had relieved himself he had been
permitted to rinse off quickly in the tub, and now he lay naked
on his back in the middle of the living room, rubbing at his cock
while the women watched.  As he rubbed faster, Teresa and Anne
could see that he was approaching orgasm.  That, thought Teresa,
would mark the end of the most intense scene she had ever been
in!

     And then, she thought wickedly, she would just have to think
of something to beat this...
