Archive-name: Fetish/watersp4.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Watersports - 4


If you have read the other 3 saga's of my experiences, you may have figured why
I have become such a fan of the wet & wild life.  Starting at such a young age
was really alot of it, but as I grew older, I found myself wanting more.  Here
is another TRUE story from my younger years.

     This story begins when I was about 19 years old.  Kathy was still living
in the nurses dorm and my other friend Dale, along with Mike and I were getting
pretty close as far as friends go.
     Kathy and I had an understanding.  Sometimes we would just go on the
prowl at our separate leisure.  We had some great sex and we both realized that
we wanted MORE!  Our hopes were to each find a partner that would be interested
in OUR new obsession.  One Friday night, Kathy and I decided that we would each
hit separate bar's to find another partner and bring them back to the dorm. We
wanted to set up an "oops, sorry to walk in on you" situation and we were NOT
going to tell our new found partners about it.
     Kathy had an answering machine and I would check her messages to see if
she had found somebody yet and vice-versa. When she or I found somebody, the
other was to leave a message on the machine with a code that let the other
person know that the situation was ready.
     We each went our separate ways and began our quest for sex.  I went to a
club that I frequented and met my 2 friends Mike and Dale. I told both of them
about our little plan.  Dale didn't really take me to seriously, but Mike, on
the other hand, KNEW that it was for real.
     We played a bit of pool, while keeping one eye open for some "strange". A
couple of swings and misses and one crash and burn and I gave up!  I knew that
this was hopeless!  Finding a girl for a one night stand was hard enough, let
alone finding one that seemed wild enough to try a 4 some. After about an hour
of searching, We decided to leave the club and try a another place.
    Mike, Dale and I went downtown to a bar that rumored to be a lesbian bar.
We had never been in there, but the grapevine was pretty reliable on the bar
scene.  As the three of us walked in, we noticed nothing but women couples
sitting in quiet booths minding their own business.  The three of us stood
out like sore thumbs!  We sat at the deserted bar and ordered some drinks.
     The bartender was a nice guy.  I kinda figured he may have been gay.  I
began a conversation.  "RIck" was written on his little name tag.  "I think I'm
in the wrong bar, eh Rick" I said calmly.  "depends on what you want" replied
Rick.  I proceeded to tell him the situation.  "No, your in the right place for
that!" he responded.  I didn't know what to do after that.  Interrupting a
conversation with a couple of girls seems normal at a regular bar, but in this
place, it seemed like I was stepping over my boundary a bit. Rick pointed over
to a three girls sitting in the back.  "ONE of you go over there alone and sit
down with them.  You should have some luck"
     I sucked down my scotch and grabbed my nerve while proceeding to walk over
to the secluded booth.  I sat down beside them and looked down at the table.
"You must like what you see" uttered one to me.  "My name is Donna and these
are my friends Marla and Carla".  I nodded and looked up just long enough to
see that they had almost no tits at all! They did have on alot of makeup and
their faces looked good in the dim light.  As my drink hit me, they looked
better and better!  They were very slender and tall.  "Who are your 2 other
friends?" Donna asked.  I told them and then we proceeded with a bit of small
talk.  "I feel a bit unconformable here" I shyly murmured.  "do you have a
place we can go" Carla responded.  With that, I told them to hold on for a
second and walked over to the phone.  I called Kathy.  WALAH!  the magical
message told me that she already had a partner and she was ready to execute our
plan.  I then walked over to Mike and Dale and told them to get in the van.
     The 3 of us climbed into my custom van and the three girls took their own
car and went to Kathy's dorm.  When we got there, Nikki (Kathys kinky friend
from across the hall) was just shutting her door.  She smirked as the latch
shut.
     I quickly opened the door to find Kathy giving this boy a head job.  This
kid didn't look over 16 years old.  He quickly jumped up and grabbed the covers
as he reached for his jeans.  "It's alright, their friends of mine" Kathy said
as she grabbed for his crotch.  Our three girls looked at each other, smiled
and followed us into Kathys small dorm.
    "HI everyone" said Kathy "this is Bob" pointing to her newly found friend.
Everyone else introduced themselves.  Kathy reached in her closed an pulled out
5 or 6 blankets and comforters and layed them across the floor. The rest of us
sat down on the floor ontop of the blankets and drank a few beers and smoked a
joint.
     I began to look at these girls a bit closer (now that we're in the light)
There was something unusual about these girls' faces.  They looked "different".
Well all of us were getting fucked up, and I really didn't care!
     Kathy and Bob was already naked, but they were under the covers on the
bed.  "Why don't you get comfortable" said Kathy.  "first turn down the lights"
said Carla  Kathy lit a couple candles and turned off all the lights.  Mike,
Dale and I undressed and the Girls followed.  Only one thing wrong.  The 3
girls kept their backs to us while they undressed.  I reached over to the
fridge and grabbed a beer when I heard Dale say "I'm otta here!".  I turned
around to find Donna, Marla and Carla were GUYS!  "SHIT" Mike said as both he
and Dale stood up. I just sat there with my hand over my eyes with my head to
the floor.  Kathy jumped up and pushed Mike and Dale back to the floor and told
them to stay.  After alot of bitching, Kathy sat down and grabbed Dale and
Mike's Cock.  This calmed them down real fast!  Bob, on the other hand, was
just sitting there with a hard on watching his "one night stand" grab 2 other
guys' dicks.  The "would be girls" were stroking their cocks to stiffness while
I kicked back with my back to the fridge.
     "Ok, let's not let this moment go to waste" Kathy eagerly ordered  "This
could be really fun!  I can accommodate all of you guys!" Kathy then laid on
the floor and began rubbing her clit for all of us to watch.  Mike and Dale
stood up next to the 3 other "girls" and they both began watching as they
stroked their rods as well.  Bob was still sitting on the bed spectating this
ordeal.
     I leaned over to Kathy's nightstand and grabbed her enema bag.  I left the
room and walked to the bathroom down the hall.  When I got there I filled it up
with warm water and proceeded back to the room holding the bag up.  As I was
returning, One dorm door opened and a fat girl walked out.  She looked at me
holding a full enema bag and gave me a dirty look.
     When I returned to the room, It looked like a roman orgy.  Mike was on the
floor with Kathy laying facing up ontop of him.  Dale was kneeling between her
legs facing her getting ready to fuck her.  I don't know what happened to Bob.
I guess he decided this was too much for him. The 3 "girls" were stroking each
others cocks in a daisy chain while standing all around Kathy.
     I then undressed and began stroking my rod to stiffness while watching
Dale and Mike fuck the shit out of Kathy.  Kathy's eyes were rolling around in
her head.  I don't think she even knew where she was.  Moaning and rocking back
and forth, Kathy motioned me over to her side.  I knelt down and she began
stroking my rod very roughly.  My balls were swelling from cum building inside
of them.  Mike and Dale were pumping real hard and fast. I moved over to her
face and layed my balls ontop of her mouth.  She eagerly licked them, licked
her finger and reached around to my ass and stuck her finger inside.  This was
almost too much for me.  I told her I was going to blow my wad if she kept it
up.
     "Oh yes, DO IT! I want everyone to cum on me at the same time" murmured
Kathy.  I almost immediatly obliged her and blew a HUGE load all over her face
and hair.  She rubbed it into her lips, face and tits.  All of a sudden, Dale
sat back, looked up at the ceiling, pulled out, grabbed his cock and blew a
load that shot all the way up to her neck.  Then there was Mike.  He moaned and
must have let a load go inside her asshole.
     The three "girls" were now on their knees and stroking their own cocks
while surrounding Kathy.  I reached over to the nightstand and grabbed the
enema bag and inserted the nozzle into Kathy's pussy.  When I released the
clip, an ocean of white and clear ooze ran out of her cunt, down her asshole
and onto the blankets. Kathy reached down, rubbed all the leftover cum and then
reached down to rub her clit.  "stick that in my asshole" ordered Kathy
pointing to the enema bag.  I took it out of her twat without stopping the flow
of water.  Water spewed all over her thigh's and the blanket as I quickly
jammed it into Kathy's brown pucker hole.  "fill me up" cried Kathy as she
reared up while rubbing her clit.  I could see her stomach bloat as the water
flowed deep inside her bowels.  I just sat there and as the entire bag emptied
into her asshole.
     This must have set off the three "girls".  All of a sudden, one of them
shot a huge load all over the side of Kathy's face and in her ear.  Then almost
simultaneously, the other 2 shot their wads onto Kathy's stomach and tits as
Kathy let out a high pitched squeal, gritted her teeth and rubbed her clit
wildly.  She arched her back, stuck her hips about 2 feet in the air, then
began to climax.
     Then it happened.  Her asshole gave way to about a quart of water.  It
shot all the way to the wall which must have been 4-5 feet away.  I have
never seen anything like that before.  It just kept shooting and spraying all
over the blankets and wall. As Kathy rubbed her clit water shot in pulses
concurrently with her convulsions of climax.  Then she put her arm under her
ass and plugged up her flowing ass. "I'M CUMMING, GOD, I'M CUMMING REAL GOOD!"
she yelled at the top of her lungs.  "Somebody piss on my face. piss on me,....
ANYONE!" she ordered.  5 of us encircled her and held on to our cocks.  (Mike
had left to go to the bathroom).  Dale was knelt by Kathy's left shoulder.  He
concentrated for a second and then let a long stream go.  It hit her on the
stomach which joined the pool of white gooey cum that was already in her belly
button.  Then Carla, Marla, Donna, and myself joined in.  We all were pissing
like gangbusters all over Kathy.  Marla had "her" balls over Kathy's forehead
and pointed "her" cock into Kathy's mouth.  Kathy opened her mouth began
drinking "her" piss. I pissed on her neck and chest, Carla & Donna pissed on
her pussy, ass and stomach as Kathy continued to rub her clit to a frenzy,
convulse and climax.  Then Kathy took her finger out of her asshole.  Another
large fountain of water shot out of her asshole and hit Donna and Carla on
their laps. I couldn't believe the quantity of water that came out of Kathys
ass.  That enema bag must hold more than a gallon!  Donna and Carla were SOAKED
with water.  When the water stopped, Kathy's arched back dropped to the floor.
It splatted all over the now soaked blankets while she sighed with relief.
     When it was over, she was a mess of cum, piss and water.  There must have
be gallon of cum & piss pooled in her belly button as she stuck her finger in
it and licked the remnants.
     "We must do this again" Carla said.  "Oh yah" I said scarcasticly.  "What
are you guys' phone number's" asked Kathy

                                 END CHAPTER 4



I know what some of you are thinking, "this is a crock of shit, this can't
possibly be true"
                                THINK AGAIN!!

THIS IS A TRUE STORY!  I couldn't remember the 3 transvestites names, so I had
to make their names up.  I never heard from the transvestites after that
evening.  I think Kathy did get together with them a few times after that
though.  If you have a comment, question or just want to correspond, leave me
E-Mail at
                          NIXPIXS BBS (303) 920-1263

This is only the beginning of my experiences!  THERE IS MORE TO CUMMMMM!


                                  SIGNED:
                                      DESERT SHOWERS




                                  Dedication:
                                    To Nick

     For all the late night conversation and discussions on your FANTASTIC BBS.
Please keep it "up"!  BE BOLD AND DARING! ****WE LOVE YOU!***

--
