Archive-name: Fetish/watersp2.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Watersports - 2


   It was almost 2 years into this relationship.  We had our lumps and
bumps with "break-ups", "dating around" and all the other basic shit involved
in a typical teen relationship.  We were both Seniors in High School and we
really thought that was top turd!  The sky was our limit!
     I had a small fling with a cheerleader during one of our breakups.
Through the ever present grapevine of our high school, Kathy found out.  She
never  seemed to get jealous of the other girls, but rather upset because she
may be missing out on some fun.  This may sound strange, but let me tell you
the story

    The cheerleader I had a fling with was named Deanna.  She was the perfect
picture of the typical airhead "up with spirit" type of cheerleader.  Little
did anybody know, that was a front for alot of "tension" and "stress" within
this girl.  She had a rich family that was always away from home.  She let
out alot of her "stress" with the cheers.  BUT! (of course) she had alot
of other ways of relieving her tension that I had the pleasure of finding out
about.
     Deanna and I both went out together a couple of time and never had any
sex.  I thought about it alot, and I know she did, but the opportunity never
presented itself to either of us.
      It was late one Friday night.  I had just gotten home after a gig (I am
a musician)  I was tired and went up to my room.  I got ready for bed and
just as I was ready to saw some log's when I heard a horn honk in my
driveway.  I got up and looked out the window.  It was Kathy's car sitting in
the driveway.  There were 2 people sitting in the car, and they weren't
getting out to come up to the house.  I was puzzled, so I grabbed by robe and
slippers and went outside to see what they wanted.
    I walked up to the drivers door and the window opened.  Kathy was
laughing and talking real loud.  I put my hands on my knees and looked over
at the passenger side to see who else was in the car when......
     SHIT! It's Deanna!!!  They have come to lynch me!  I'm thinking "can I
make it to the door before she can open this door", "will she just honk the
horn and wake up my parents"  "SHIT HOW DO I GET OUT OF THIS MESS!"
    Kathy laughed and commented on my "sexy robe" and Deanna was snickering
in the background.  Kathy opened the door and got out. She pointed into the
car and told me to get in.  "Well...." I pondered, "I guess I better get
this over with", so I got in.  I was sitting between them when I noticed that
they were both DRUNK to the gills!  They were having a blast!  I couldn't
believe this!  2 of my girlfriends in the same car with me and having FUN?!
I reluctantly snickered and asked what they were up to.  They said they had
been at a party and there were no guys there worth picking up, so they
thought I may be available.  "I'm always available" I laughingly said.
     With that Kathy started talking to Deanna like I wasn't even in the car!
She said "Mike always makes me cum when we fuck"  Does Mark do that for you?
I looked over at Deanna and cautiously asked "who is Mark?"  She blew THAT
question off like dust!  Then Kathy said "I'll bet he even has a hard on
right now"  With that, she wisked my robe back and exposed my black bikini
underwear.  My cock lurched forward.  "See, look at that" Kathy said pointing
at my hardening rod.  Deanna was just smiling and nodding her head.  I was
at a TOTAL loss for a witty response.  I just sat there and looked at my
house wondering if my parents where asleep.
     All of a sudden, Kathy scooted her ass over to the door, leaned over me
and put her head in my lap like a dog.  She had her hand under her ear
pretending to go to sleep while fondling my cock.  I looked over at Deanna
and she was still smiling.  Some strange feeling went through me right at
that moment.  I just gave Deanna a quick kiss on the cheek and did the
"yawn stretch" to put my arms around both girls.  Kathy looked up at me,
smiled, giggled and proceeded to pull down my underwear and suck my cock.
Deanna didn't seem to mind at all.  So, I figured this is my chance.  I
gave Deanna a BIG kiss.  She put her arms around me and began clawing at
my back.  She was wearing blue jeans overalls with the zipper right down
the center of her chest.  I unzipped them down to her pussy.  She just
kept on kissing me.  Deanna wasn't wearing a bra, so her tits were just
setting out for all to see.  Well, I didn't want them to get lonely, so...
I sucked one, then the other.  I paused and looked down at Kathy began
sucking my cock even HARDER.  Kathy peeked up at me, smiled real big, then
began to unzip her pants.
     This is CRAZY!  I'm sitting in my driveway of my parents house, 2 girls
both of which I was dating, and getting NAKED!
     Kathy got her tight jeans off without stopping her tremendous blow job.
She always gave the best head.  To this day, I have yet to meet ANYBODY that
could suck a cock like her.  Her tongue was almost like a cat's tongue.
She knew just when to back it off so as to not be irritating to the sensitive
head.  Getting all 9 inches into her throat was easy for her.  She could
stick out her tongue and lick my nuts while deep throating my pole.  Then she
would give just the slightest rub of my asshole with her finger.  I could
NEVER last more than a couple minutes of her headjobs.  I quickly blew a wad
down her gullet and into her stomach.  Kathy never ever flinched when I did
that.  She would just clench my balls and suck REAL hard to get the last
drop.
     By this time,  Deanna had her overalls down to her ankles.  I twisted my
head so I could get it between her legs to lick her bush.  Kathy saw that I
didn't make the greatest contortionist, and she reached over to the seat
adjustment button and reclined the seat flush with the rear seat.  (remember
the old LTD's?)
     Deanna scooted back to the rear of the car, I got my face right down
into her BEAUTIFUL blond bush and began licking her soaking wet cunt.  Kathy
was taking her top off when she said "does her pussy taste as good as mine"?
I told her I would do the taste test if she assumed the position of the "Y"
She did, and I did a muff dive over to her twat.  Kathy's pussy was a bit
saltier.  I kept one finger in Deanna's cunt and my face was buried in
Kathys gash.  Deanna began to whine and Kathy told me I had better go back to
her before she gets lonely.  So, I positioned Deanna on top of my face,
facing my feet.  Her asshole was very tight against my nose.  Her Ass cheeks
were so firm when she flexed them, they clamped my nose shut!
     Kathy positioned her pussy self ontop of my re-stiffened cock facing
Deanna.  She slid my dipstick into her hot-marshmallow cunt.  Kathy bounced
up and down on my rod as I licked up Deanna's juices as they flowed out of
her muscular twat.
     Deanna and Kathy both had their heads side by side because there was
no headroom in this LTD.  Kathy hugged Deanna and they began Kissing.  That
was the ultimate turn-on for me.
     Kathy reached down and began rubbing her own clit while Deanna held
Kathys head in a sort of "up-right" position.
      I sucked on Deanna's clit firmly and steadily while nesting my nose
in her soaking wet gash.
     "I'm gonna cum"  Deanna's murmured.  She began to lift her ass off of my
face.  I grabbed her by her hips and pulled her back. "I have to move off of
you or you will get more than you bargained for" she said firmly.
     I pulled her ass down on even harder while continually and firmly
sucking on her stiffened clit. Then all of sudden, she began shaking and all
her muscles tightened up.  She shuddered violently.  Her back arched and she
let out a moan that shook the windows. I felt her pussy flinch and her ass
cheeks clenched my face into her bunghole.  I grabbed the backside of her ass
cheeks and pulled her down on my nose.  I carefully stuck one finger into her
tight asshole and rotated it.  Then it happened.  I felt a flow of warm
juices running down my face.  She bucked, and let out another moan.  Then it
happened again.  This time it was a longer stream of juices.  It went on for
a couple of seconds. This completely soaked my face, nose and ran down my
hair and into my ears. She was cumming in buckets!  It ran in my ears down my
neck and dripped onto the vinyl car seats.  Deanna let out one last moan as
she clamped my soaked head between her thighs.
     After what seemed like hours, she released my head and rolled over on
her side.  Kathy looked at my face and saw all the juices and asked if Deanna
pee'd on me.  Deanna explained "I warned you & you wouldn't let me get up.  I
sometimes cum like that"
     Well, Kathy doesn't like to be outdone, so in her infinite wisdom, she
decided to show Deanna up.
     Kathy leaned up and my stiff cock slipped out of her twat.  She leaned
over me and held her tits just off the top of my mouth while straddling my
cock.  Kathy's stomach tightened.  Then it came.  Kathy let out a stream of
piss all over my stomach, cock and balls.  This wasn't just a spirt, but a
real fire dowser.  I couldn't believe how great the feeling of the warmth of
her piss on my cock and stomach felt. While she was letting her stream go,  I
grabbed my cock and pointed it straight up and gave it a couple quick
strokes.  I shot one of the biggest wad's I ever had.  It shot between Kathys
legs, hit her stomach, her ass, her back and even the headliner of the car. I
just kept cumming and cumming.
     When it was over, i laid there for a minute just to getting my bearing
straight. I looked up and saw my stalactites of sperm hanging from the
headliner & dripping on the seat.   My head felt light and my legs were so
weak, I couldn't even sit up!  Kathy reached up and began to raise the front
seat back up and Deanna and I shimmied up to the front.
     Kathy said that they had better get home soon.  I asked "what are you
two doing TOMORROW night?"

                                END CHAPTER II
--
