











                                  THE WEDDING

                                   by sissy 

                                  Property of
                                   Mistress

                              ___________________







































      This was to be a very special day for both my Mistress and myself. It began
not this morning, but two years ago. Answering an ad in a local adult paper, I
met Mistress Susan. Our relationship started slowly. At first it was a couple of
time a month. She would spank me, bind me up and to humiliate me, She would dress
me in Her day old undies and force me to eat Her.

      As the relationship developed, it went to once a week, then every weekend
until, after eight months, I was commanded to move in with Mistress Susan. Our
play during this time had also developed. From panties to undies and gradually
into a French maid's uniform. When we started playing the whole weekend, the
scope of our play changed. It went from entirely erotic and sexual to mostly
servitude. The laundry, dishes, dusting, general cleaning, manicures, pedicures,
general servants' duties, etc. were the general fare, but it made the sexual
portion of our play so much more fulfilling. I spent each entire weekend dress
as Mistress Susan's maid. At night dressed in just a corset, panties and suitable
restraints I was allowed to sleep under the covers of Mistress's bed. After our
play, if we played, we would go to sleep, me with my face at either Mistress
Susan's feet or ass, as directed.

      Just in passing one day, I mentioned that my apartment lease was about up.
With a "hum" a sly smile crossed Mistress Susan's face. And that was it until
bedtime. After I had finished brushing Mistress's hair, She grabbed a handful of
my hair and pulled me around so I was kneeling before Her, looking into Her icy
blue eyes. The deafening silence was soon broken when Mistress Susan expressed
Her thoughts.
                "sissy, I enjoy our weekends together and wish
                 to extend them to all week. The fact that your
                 lease is up this month makes it easier. I want
                 you to move in with me. Before you say yes, 
                 there are some conditions.

                 1. In the house, you will continue to be my maid,
                    unless otherwise directed.

                 2. For now, you will continue your present employ-
                    ment. But you will sign over your paychecks to
                    me.

                 3. I will own you body, mind and soul. Your property
                    will be either sold or turned over to me.

                 4. Your sleeping arrangements will change. Except
                    when I permit it, you will no longer sleep in my
                    bed. You will sleep in the maid's quarters on 
                    weekdays and beside my bed on weekends.
                 
                                       1






                 5. I will control what you wear on workdays.

                 6. You will obey me without question or hesitation.
                    If I decide, I will lend, rent, sell or give you 
                    to another dominant. You will obey Them as you would 
                    Me. But, and this is the tricky part, you will also
                    observe any limits I place on your service to Them
                    without insulting Them.

                 sissy, I don't want you to answer immediately, sleep on
                 it tonight and give Me your answer in the morning."

After a few moments of silence, where I had a turmoil of thoughts, I kissed
Mistress Susan's feet. Looking back into Her eyes, I begged.

                "Please Mistress Susan, I beg to be allowed the
                 supreme honor of being Mistress's live-in slave.
                 I am unworthy of such an honor."

             "I am glad you made your decision so quickly, sissy.
              You may consider yourself unworthy, but I will see
              to it that you grow into the role. Since that is
              decided, you will move in this coming weekend. Now
              go to bed slut."

      The next weekend my life and my relationship with Mistress Susan entered
a new phase. All my property was sold and the proceeds turned over to Mistress.
When I went to work I wore pink panties and a tight waist cincher. At night I
slept on a mattressed bench in the walk-in closet of Mistress's suite. On
weekends, I slept at the foot of Her bed. My body was completely shaved and I
wore a penile restraint.

      This phase didn't last two months. The economy slipped and one afternoon,
I was given my pink slip. Devastated, I disobeyed one of Mistress Susan's rules
and instead of going straight home, I went to the bar and got very drunk. When
I finally got home it was very late, but Mistress Susan was waiting up for me.

                         "Where have you been, slut?"

               "I'm sorry Mistress, I was laid off today. And I 
                was so depressed I went out after work and instead 
                of coming home as I was suppose to, I got drunk. I
                was wrong Mistress, please give me the strict 
                punishment I deserve."


                                       2







It was a very long and sleepless night. In the morning, after the breakfast 
table was cleared, I was sent to the playroom. I spent the next 30 minutes
shivering in fear of my punishment. When Mistress finally entered the room I fell
at Her feet, crying.

                "slut, I have taken the day off to take care of
                 this problem."

I was bent over the back of a wooden chair and received 50 strokes with a strap.
When the punishment was finished I was not released. Instead, Mistress Susan
knelt in front of me and pulled my face up so we were looking eye to eye.

            "sissy, I have given the matter a great deal of thought
             last night. My first reaction was to throw you out. My 
             next reaction was that you needed another job. However
             your reaction when I entered the room makes me feel that 
             my third choice is the best. You will have full time 
             employment as my maid. Since my townhouse will not provide
             enough to keep you busy, I will rent you out. The previous 
             rules still apply and I dispose of all your male clothing. 
             I will start you on a hormone program. And if necessary you
             will get breast implants."

With that Mistress stood up and gave me 12 of the best with a cane. She than left
the room.

      At lunch time I was released to serve lunch. I was given two white pills
and a sip od water. After lunch Mistress had me change into a short PVC skirt and
a tight blouse, then took me downtown. My first thought was we were going
shopping. That idea was laid to rest when Mistress Susan stopped in front of a
tattoo pallor. Inside I was led into the back room, my hands were cuffed behind
me, laid across a table and strapped down. The tattoo artist then walked around
me studying my situation. He was short and stocky, very muscular with several
tattoos on His arms. From the hair sticking out from His t-shirt I could see He
was very hairy, but His head was shaved. Mistress Susan broke the silence.

                        "You know what I want. Do it."

                Very interesting. Does it know what's coming?"

                                  "Not yet."

With that my skirt and panties were pulled down and a ball gag was shoved into
my mouth. Because of the angle, I couldn't see what the artist was doing, but
I could feel the pricking of His needles. First on the left cheek, then the 

                                       3







right. When the buzzing of needles finally stopped, Mistress's only comment was.

                                    "Fine."

Holding a mirror, the artist showed me His handiwork. On the left cheek in plain 
black and fancy red/gold letters was:

                                 Property of:
                                MISTRESS SUSAN

The right cheek held a red heart and a gold banner. In plain black lettering on
the banner was:

                                  Slave Slut

I was pulled from the table and forcibly knelt in front of the artist. While
Mistress removed the gag, the artist pulled down His pants exposing His cock and
balls. It was a hard 11 inches long and about the diameter of a good salami and
the veins were dark blue, large and throbbing. And there was a distinct musky
odor. On Mistress Susan's command I started to kiss the tip of His manhood.
Before long his hands wrapped themselves around my head and He pulled my face
toward Him as He shoved His cock into my mouth. The size of the cock started me
to gag, but this did not deter the artist's rape of my mouth. I could taste a
distinct salty taste on His cock as I felt His cum filled balls slap against my
chin. It took what seemed like forever, but it actually took just a few minutes,
He shot His salty gop down my throat. The artist's lady showed up at this time,
sat in an easy chair, pulled off Her jeans and panties and spread Her legs. I
saw, as I was led up to Her, that She looked like the stereotype motorcycle mama,
chunky, tattoos, jeans and leather. As my head was shoved into Her crotch, I
could smell the same musky odor. She didn't have to say a word, cause when She
wrapped Her legs around my head, it left no doubt what She wanted and I began to
kiss and lick Her slit. As She started to get into a rhyme and undulate, the
artist laid ten good ones on my ass with a strap. Upon finishing He proceeded to
drive His rejuvenated rod into my now tingling ass. Since my ass had never been
taken anything that big  the pain removed any pleasure I was getting from this.
Pretty soon, I was taking their come into my body at both ends. Shortly
thereafter they finished and Mistress Susan allowed me to dress, after shoving
a medicated tampon up my ass. 

      On the way home, after a few stops (additional uniforms, corsets, clothes,
hormones, etc.) we had a short Mistress/slave talk. In other words, She talked
and I listened and said nothing more than "Yes, Mistress."


                                       4








               "slut, those tatoos will leave no doubts in your 
                mind or anyone else on what you are and who you 
                belong to."

                                "Yes, Mistress"

              "In two weeks, I have an appointment at the salon. 
                 By then your hair should be long enough to do
                something with, so I am taking you with me. You
               will get the complete treatment. Was, perm, cut,
              eyebrows plucked, electrolysis on some of the face
              and hot wax on the rest of the body. Plan on being
            there most of the day. And they will know your status."

                                "Yes, Mistress"

It was very quiet the rest of the way home.

      Things actually changed very little in the household after this. The only
real changes were that I live totally as a female and I now did all the shopping.
Mistress Susan's townhouse did not keep me totally busy, so She rented me out to
four of Her dominant friends. So on Monday through Thursday after Mistress left
for work, I went out, got on a bus and rode it to my assignment for the day. I
would wear a grey knee length maid's uniform and two inch heels. The other riders
took me for what I appeared to be, a maid on her way to work. Once there I would
let myself in with "my" key and proceed to work. I was not allowed any food or
drink, except four glasses of water (two in the morning and two in the
afternoon). I had to work at a very good and steady pace, as I had to finish so
as to be home in time to greet Mistress Susan upon Her arrival. Sometimes if She
knew She would be working late, Mistress would have me stay late. Before I go on
I must make one point clear. Not all the dominants were ladies, in one case I
served a Master, a very macho male. Now when I was on an assignment, Mistress
gave me service limits, but I had to observe these without insulting my clients
or embarrassing my Mistress. On several occasions She gave the clients different
limits from mine. So I am caught in a no win situation, if I didn't totally
please the client I was punished and if I didn't obey my Mistress's limits I was
punished.

      Two months ago, my situation started to make another change. It was a
thursday evening and having completed my domestic duties, was pedicuring Mistress
Susan's feet. And out of the blue, Mistress started speaking.

            "sissy, are you happy with your new position in life?"

                                "Yes, Mistress"

                                       5






               "I have been thinking about making some changes."

OH OH, I thought.

               "My biological clock is going off and I feel the
                 need to get married and have a baby. And here
              comes the problem, you sissy. If I get a straight 
               man for a husband he will be jealous of you and I
               will have to get rid of you. A bi man may want to
              use you himself and I will be jealous. Do you have
                           any suggestions, sissy?"

               "Mistress, I know I am reaching beyond my station
               and totally unworthy, but I beg that you consider
                  me in the position of your slave/husband."

After several minutes of consideration, while inspecting me with a hard look in
Her eyes, Mistress Susan spoke.

             "On the surface that solves the problems, sissy. But
             it creates other problems. However my new rules will
                           circumvent any problems.

               1. Your status will not change one bit.

               2. I will not take your name, you will take mine.
                  I will have your name legally changed.

               3. As for sex, you are still only allowed to eat my
                  womanhood or take my dildos in your ass upon my
                  command.

               4. When I want normal sex, I will take a lover. You
                  will serve my lovers as you would serve me. At the
                  right time I will get pregnate by one of them.

               5. With the technology today, the child will be a female.
                  You will be Her nanny. When She is old enough you will
                  serve as Her slave/maid.

               6. The wedding ceremony will be my choice. And I will put
                  my ring on you.

               There will be other rules, but that's enough for now.
               Do you agree to these and any other new terms I demand
               of you, sissy?"

                                       6








                         "Yes, Mistress Susan, I do."

                "Fine, tomorrow I'll get your engagement ring."

That was my first clue that this wedding was going to be more unconventional than
I thought.

      My next clue came the next morning when Mistress and I when to get my
engagement ring. Instead of a jewelry store, Mistress Susan pulled up to a
leather shop. Once inside, I was taken into the back room, where I was shoved
into a straight back wooden chair and tied down. Master Bob, the shop owner
opened my blouse and pulled my firm 'B' cup titties free from my corset top. The
white pills I had been taking for the last year were hormones. I now had tits,
a round ass and wide hips. The hormones and electrolysis now meant that I didn't
shave and was fairly hair free. At this time Master Bob rubbed an anesthetic
cream in my nose and on my tits. While waiting for the cream to do its job,
Master Bob took several measurements and consulted with Mistress Susan in hushed
tones.

      With economy of motion, Master Bob pierced each nipple and filled each of
the holes with a heavy gold ring, which He welded shut. By now my nose was very
numb. Shortly after Master Bob made a hole in my nose with His punch, it held
another gold ring. Upon releasing me from the chair, Master Bob grabbed my hair
and pulled me to my knees before His crotch. Without a verbal command I pulled
Master Bob's flaccid cock from His jeans. As I sucked and licked, it grew to full
size. It was so big that it filled my mouth and locked my jaw wide open. Using
my ears as handles, Master Bob pumped His maleness in and out of my mouth. I
could feel the head hit against the back of my throat. Soon I felt Master Bob's
cock start to plause and shoot His salty cream down my throat. I cleaned Him up
and Mistress Susan and I left for home.

      My duties didn't change after the engagement. The only thing different was
Mistress Susan's wedding shower. Three weeks before the wedding, Mistress Susan's
girlfriends gave Her a shower. It was one of the extremely few times in history
that the groom not only attended the bride's shower but served as a maid during
the event. The ladies knew who I was and took pleasure in not only teasing me but
also fondling and humiliating me. The last item (after the mandatory paddlings
and eating out the girls at least three times each) had me tied over a straight
back chair. As the girls strapped on HUGE dildos, my dress was thrown over my
back and my panties were pulled off. With a

                  "We're gona get you ready for your spouse."


                                       7








My mouth and ass were painfully filled by the dildos. They used my body minute 
by painful minute till they all were satisfied. Leaving my mouth and ass filled
they departed with Mistress seeing them out. When She returned and released me,
I tearfully collapsed at Her feet. She kicked me away with a 

                          "Clean up this mess, slut."

and walked away. And I proceeded to clean up. My life returned to normal (at
least for me) for the next three weeks.

      Finally it's the big day. And its time. Mistress Susan is standing in the
front of the hall, dressed in a black leather outfit with red accents. Standing
with Mistress is Her best friend Mistress Kathy, dressed in a red leather outfit
with black accents. Also up front was the Mistress of Ceremony dressed in black
leather.

      I was dressed in an old fashion white wedding gown with lots of frills and
lace. The rear was long and flowing and the front was so short it stopped just
below my crotch. My hands were cuffed behind me with white leather cuffs.
Attached to a matching collar around my neck was a stainless steel leash that
another Mistress used to lead me down the aisle. Once there, I knelt before
Mistress Susan with my head bowed. The Mistress of Ceremony began.

               "Do you Mistress Susan, take sissy as your lawful
                slave to have and to hold from this moment onward
                as long as you desire?"

                                    "I do"

               "Do you sissy give yourself to Mistress Susan as 
                Her lawful slave, to love, honor and obey Her
                as long as She desires?"

                                Yes, Mistress"

                                  "The ring"

The front of my dress was raised up  and my cock was pulled from my panties.
Mistress Susan firmly held on to my cock as She deliberately pierced it. Only a
small dribble of blood flowed from the hole before Mistress replaced the needle
with a heavy gold ring. She wiped the blood off with Her thumb and left Her
thumbprint on my forehead. While She did this Mistress pulled my cock back
between my legs and locked the ring to another ring that Master Bob, only two
days before, put behind my balls. Like a slamming cell door the lock clicked shut


                                       8







as Mistress Susan's words hit me like a piledriver.

                              "Now you're mine."

                         "Slave, kiss your Mistress."

I bent over and reverently pressed my lips to my Mistress's shoes.

                "By the power vested in Me, I now pronounce you
                 Mistress and slave.

With my leash in hand, Mistress led me down the aisle. 

      The reception was different. First, I carried Mistress on my back, pony
style, while She greeted the guests and made small talk. At the first toast, She
drank a large glass of champagne, then raised Her leather skirt and pulled my
face into Her crotchless panties and gave me a mouthful of Her golden wine. A
little later I was strapped to a split bondage bench that held my face crotch
high and my ass elevated and exposed. Every dominant in the hall pinned money to
my sleeve and used my mouth or ass. Even a few submissives were allowed to join
in the fun. After over two hours, it was time to cut the cake and I was released
from the bench to take my place before my Mistress. She broke off a piece of cake
and placed it between Her pussy lips. And as She ate Her piece, I ate mine and
I kept eating till I was pushed away.

      Soon the reception was over and we changed into street clothes. Mistress
Susan in a suit and me in a tight blouse and a short skirt. Off we went to the
airport to begin our new life together and  our honeymoon, a bondage tour of
Europe. Mistress is calling me so I must go. I'll tell you about the flight and
our tour some other time.
















                                       9










  





































 



















































    




















      
                            



































  








































  









































































     
                 



















