Archive-name: 3plus/wedprsnt.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Wedding Present, The


     This is the fascinating tale about a man who knew his
limitations and the lady he loved more than anything else.  He
loved her so much that he would forever sacrifice his honor, and
possibly his very spirit, so that she would have the joy she so
richly deserved.
     It all began a few years ago when these two, shall we call
them Jill and Jack, met in the office when Jill was newly-hired. 
This was no love-at-first-sight for either one, particularly
Jill.  Jack was immediately attracted to Jill's beauty, but he
was very quiet and reserved, some would say shy.   Although
nothing transpired for many months, Jack could not help but be
attracted to this dynamic and exquisitely lovely vision, this
gorgeous creature.  But what really persuaded Jack to eventually
seek even vague recognition by this Venus-incarnate was her
apparent unlimited capacity for gentleness and, . . ., well,
niceness.
     Of course, there were several minor obstacles looming in
their way, not the least was age - he was 37 and he 50 - and
marital status - they were.  
     For several years Jack persistently pursued this vision of
loveliness with a vigor that actually irritated Jill on many
occasions.  She was more attracted by the novelty than anything
else, but he was sort of a nice guy.  Nothing ensued that would
excite the reader.  There were some brief, but passionate and
heart-felt, hugs and touches early in their "relationship" that
certainly excited Jack and maybe even Jill a little.  But Jill
soon found that her conscience could not accept this and only
agreed to the continuance of the "relationship" if it remained
platonic.  Although Jack found this exceeding difficult he
acquiesced for he loved her dearly.  Although it would have made
no difference to Jill, several times, unbeknownst to her, Jack
seriously considered the cruel act of leaving his family for her,
but he could never resolve how she could ever love someone who
would do such a thing.  Jack was in a real moral dilemma.  But
since Jill had a rich and full married life she would have
rejected him anyway.  It was clear to Jill he was just a
passionate suitor always faithful, hovering in the wings, where
he belonged.
     For as long as he could remember he had thought that Jill
was the most luscious, delicious hunk of femininity he had ever
seen.  He had thought that she carried herself with such elegance
and sensuality; she just dripped with voluptuous passion.  God
surely had created many beautiful things, but this time She out
did Herself.  (Some may think that only a male could conceive of
the perfect female, but Jack had said that men wouldn't recognize
the "perfect female" if she were dropped in their lap.  All they
want is a good fuck.  Only a female can imagine all of the
delightful traits of their sex.)  
     But you, dear reader, must be getting bored so I will just
say that life continued for quite a while like this.  But life
paid a cruel trick on Jack, for as he grew older, both physically
and mentally, Jill grew younger.  Not only did her passion for
life and love increase, but so did her physically beauty and
youthfulness.
     And then a cataclysm happened.  We needn't go into that
here, but totally beyond their control within a space of less
than a year they both found themselves "available."
     Jill did not enjoy being alone.  For quite a while she had,
what some would call, a fling.  Others, including, Jack, simply
called it, deserved recreation.  She was radiant, basking in the
limelight of many, many virile and attentive men.  She attracted
men much younger than her, both because she looked so young, but
also because she felt and acted youthful.  
     But after an extended period of this she longed for peaceful
days.  Being reluctant to part with a full and joyous life, she
hesitated.  She also knew that, although she had virtually
ignored Jack during this time, he was always there, patiently
waiting, kind, faithful, gentle.  She knew that with him her life
would be comfortable and happy and peaceful and dull.  
     Anyway, one day, after a most strenuous weekend of frolic,
she decided that this was too much.  Even while recovering from a
great hangover due to various excesses, she dialed Jack's number
and invited him for lunch.  Jack showed up, irritatingly early,
with some exotic and expensive and useless gift.  But he was nice
and he did love her, dearly.  
     Although she did not, at first, feel that it was the right
step to take, persistent pressure from Jack finally wore down her
resistance and in a moment of weakness submitted to his heart-
rending offer of marriage.  Jack, being no dummy, arranged for
the quiet wedding to take place within a month.  That month was
spent in a flurry of old-fashioned courting by Jack, to make up
for lost time, and a house purchase (Jack had been eyeing a
particular one for a long time, furiously dreaming, as only he
was capable of, for this day).
     Jack, as I said, being no dummy, was exceedingly worried
about his ability to give her what he wanted most to give to this
great and wonderful person, joy, true, unadulterated joy, and
this included the physical and emotional joy of a fulfilling and
passionate marriage bed.  
     Well, let's be blunt here.  Jill loved to fuck.  Her husband
must have thought she was insatiable.  Once Jill told Jack (he
was sort of a father figure to her and she would spend a lot of
time with him simply talking, he was a good listener) that
sometimes she would sit in her husband's lap with his prick
inside her while they watched adult videos.  She would not let
him move, just squeeze him again and again with her cunt
(pubococcygeous muscles to Jack) until he came if she don't stop. 
I guess you could sort of say that Jill was what one would call
"really into this sex thing."  
     That really troubled Jack.  But he had spent years in his
lonely fantasy world (both during his marriage and after)
researching this problem.  He thought he had the perfect
solution.  Was it?  I will leave it up to you, dear reader.
     The small wedding ceremony was attended by immediate family
and a few very close friends, but Jack had invited four who he
said were friends outside of work.  Jill was not a little bit
irritated as she hadn't wished to include even close friends. 
But she resigned herself to his foibles.  Besides they were very
nice young men.  
     The house they had purchased was a delightful old home not
far from the city.  Although it was huge it was already divided
into several nice rentable apartments which should very nearly
pay the mortgage.  The part they would use was warm and cozy. 
The house, itself, was hidden in the midst of hundreds of trees
in the near country side.  The rear of the home would be cleared
for Jill's garden and a small, private pool (these two were
accomplished by Jack's four friends as a present while Jill and
Jack were away on their honeymoon).
     During the honeymoon, an innocuous affair spent mainly
sightseeing, their daily intimate encounters were almost pathetic
as Jack tried desperately to please Jill in the way he
erroneously thought she wanted.  He acted like a little boy most
of the time and tended to reach his climax "hours" before Jill,
but in a not-boyish manner - he patiently and lovingly lead Jill
towards many, many crashing orgasms after his.  Their times were
pleasant and love-filled, but due to his nervousness, could not
really be called joyous.  Jack was in heaven.  Jill was happy,
but disappointed.  "I guess this is the way it is to be," she
thought sadly.  
     Actually, they were both glad to be back after the
honeymoon.  The self-imposed pressure on Jack was horrendous, and
Jill felt weighted down by it also.  "Once back home, maybe he
will relax and remember how much he loves me, and show it," she
thought.
     But a rude greeting awaited Jill when they returned.  She,
of course, was delighted with her garden space and pool, but,
being a basically private person, she was nearly devastated to
find that he had rented the apartments to his "friends" without
consulting her, and at a ridiculously low rate.  This incidence
provoked their first real fight since being married (they had had
some before).
     Surprisingly, what finally soothed the stormy waters was the
roomers themselves.  For several days, Jill, took out her
frustrations and pent up emotions in the pool and garden.  Oddly
enough one of the roomers, Max, a gardener by trade, came home
one day and offered to help her construct a raised-bed garden. 
Later he "volunteered" the able assistance of the other three,
Nevil, Gene, and Alan, when they got home from work.  Over the
course of several days of back-breaking work she came to know
these fine men.  Only then did she feel comfortable in accepting
Jack's irritating and constant barrage of apologies.  
     When she had resolved her objections to Jack's unilateral
decisions, she, characteristically, apologized to Jack, but made
it clear that she should be consulted on future decisions that
would effect her and her privacy.  Jack fell all over himself
apologizing again.  Their make-up kiss was a delight and almost
resulted some hanky-panky right on the spot.
     That night in bed she came close to experiencing the
emotional (and physical) joy she had been desperately longing
for.  For nearly an hour Jack simply played with her body, rising
her to erotic heights.  He did have a masterful tongue and soft
warm fingers and he played them for all he was worth as they
guided each other on that glorious path.
     They fell comfortably asleep in each others arms.  
     Early the next morning (they were both morning people), Jack
seemingly brought up the unpleasant subject of the roomers again.
 
"Jill, I want to talk to you about the boys," began Jack. 
     "What's to talk about.  I have resigned myself to accept
them in the name of economics and as long as they are nice and
helpful I can tolerate this loss of privacy, but I still wish
they weren't here," she quickly responded.
     "Let me begin by asking you to honestly and truthfully tell
me if you were totally satisfied with our love-making last
night."
     Jill quickly began to seethe, "Not that it has any relevancy
with the way you started the conversation, but if you are going
to be an ass and demand an answer, 'No, no I wasn't totally
satisfied.'  So there.  Are you thinking that I have my eyes on
those 'kids' hanging around the place?  You just better not be
thinking that or you are in real big trouble."  
     But almost immediately, she realized she had gone too far. 
"I'm sorry I said that, but why did you bring up the roomers and
our sex life together?"
     "Please forgive me, Jill, but they do have something in
common."
     Here began a long, boring monologue about his sexual
inadequacies and his extreme love for her and his desire that she
have anything she wanted.  Several times she tried to interrupt
with objections, attempting to say that she had chosen Jack as
her one love and would accept him no matter what his short
comings.  Jack quickly dismissed her protestations and continued. 
He said he had "researched" these guys completely, including a
private investigation.  He said they were fine upstanding young
men, but they all had one other attribute - they were superior
practitioners of the art of coitus.  When he said that, Jill was
stunned.  It would have been very interesting to know what was
going on in her bewildered mind at that moment, but Jack
continued.  
     "I have talked to each of them separately and together.  I
think, through me, they have come to know you quite well as, to
their credit, to a man, they were most interested in you as a
person and your personality.  I think I was quite honest in my
reporting on you.  For your information only one of the four
asked to see your picture before agreeing to my proposal, and I
am quite sure it was partially in jest, as he couldn't believe
that someone so wonderful as you could also be beautiful.  But he
said he would have agreed even if you were only 'not deformed.' 
The first time they saw you was at the wedding.  Later they
actually said I had underestimated your beauty.  I still feel
badly about that."
     As Jack pauses, Jill, with serious trepidation, asked, "and
what is this 'proposal' you made?"
     "With your approval, and ONLY with your approval, I have
asked them to assist me, of course, I will have a minor role, in
giving you sexual pleasure."
     The bomb struck with an explosion in her head.  "No, no, you
can't do that."  She raved on for about five minutes, finally
collapsing in tears in his arms.
     Jack holds her close until she quiets down.  "Jill, I do
want to give you this.  I know you strongly desire physical
pleasures and satisfaction.  I know they are good men.  There is
no real reason that should prevent all of us from what we all
wish to do as long as no one is harmed."
     Jack knew Jill well enough to know that she could never
truly come out and say that she "agreed" to this "deal."  In
fact, she had said once that she thought that Society had raised
her generation of women to only be comfortable in physical love-
making if it was 'forced' on them by an aggressive male, "women
weren't supposed to want things like that."  (And "aggression"
was foreign to Jack, which might have explained their previous
platonic "relationship.")  
     "OK, let's forget about it.  I will talk to the guys tonight
and tell them the deal is off.  They will not be totally
surprised with your decision, disappointed, yes, but not really
surprised.  But the thought of those guys all getting you off has
got me higher than a kite."
     He chuckles and adds, "You know what a voyeur I am.  I'll
call the office and tell them I won't be in today.  And the guys
have all left for work by now.  We can fool around all morning,
if I can.  Come on, let's fuck."
     With a wicked grin on her face, Jill grabs Jacks ears, pulls
his face to her's and kisses his lips, hard.  With a grinding
motion she rubs her pelvis hard against his until she feels his
manhood rising.  "OK, big boy, let's go up and get fucked."
     Once in the room they share a warm embrace.  Then as if a
silent signal had been given, they slowly sit down on the bed and
hold hands gazing into each other's eyes.  Jack gently begins
caressing Jill's delicate hands and fingers.  
     "Please, Jill, may I give you a massage.  I have wanted to
do this for years and either never had the opportunity or you
never gave me the chance.  Remember, I even wrote a story about
it, the one with the choose-your-own-endings?  Now we have both
the opportunity and time."
     "Sure, Jack.  You can do what ever you want with me."
     Again, Jack takes Jill in his arms and gives her a slow,
lingering sensual kiss, probing gradually her warm full
passionate lips for entrance.  She receives his libidinous tongue
inside her mouth with relish, allowing him to explore at will. 
She had always enjoyed his kisses, maybe not much else, but he
could kiss with fervor and his desire was undeniable.  
     Slowly, he allows his hands to wonder from Jill's firm back,
as it was clear she was not going to break this spell.  They
meander excitedly around her back, feeling for the warm skin
beneath her rough work clothes.  They play like little children
as they dart here and there searching and exploring.  Gradually
they come to her waist and tentatively cross the line to find her
exquisitely formed bottom.  He sneaks beneath her to hold them.  
     Even though he is still madly kissing her hungry lips he can
smell the aphrodisiac aroma from her genitals.  It drives him
wild.  
     Cautiously, Jack's hand feels the warmth of her body as he
scales the two exquisite mounds.  He had always been beguiled by
Jill's luscious and sensuous bottom, two of her most outstanding
features (and that is from the perspective of Jack - a leg-man,
who had long admired the trim turn of her ankle, etc.).  This
lady embodied perfection enough for all normal fixations.  Now,
as in his dreams so many, many times he is softly caressing each
contour of her posterior so cruelly trapped in these coarse
overalls.  This is a body that deserves to be set free (she had
once sent him into a mental frenzy when she said she loved to
fish in the nude).  
     Gradually, his hands move down her love-hills, continuing to
gently caress her lovely seductively curved thighs and slowly he
traces along those exquisite inner thighs of this goddess.  
     And then, a miracle.  Not only does his hand touch the thin
fabric covering the holy shrine, but another sensation happens -
a simple, genuine and honest touch.  He feels the touch of
Aphrodite.  No, it is more, it is the warm, gentle, passionate
touch of Jill.  To Jack this simple act reveals the most
beautiful and exotic garden anyone has ever beheld.  All colors
fill his eyes and a million lovely smells cloud his senses.  The
heat radiating from that one simple act fills him with renewed
yearning and fervor to share his joy.  
     After seemingly being satiated with his trysts with the holy
mons, his hands gradually come back up, this time snaking between
the two lovers' hearts, beating in unison.  
     Hesitantly, they come upon her proud breasts aching to be
held and fondled.  They are magnificent treasure troves, created
by God to suckle the young and titillate the old.  All ages found
them an attraction.  Other women admired and envied them and all
men desired to trace their exquisite curves.  
     Slowly and sensually, Jack begins unfastening the buttons of
her man-style work shirt.  After each successful disengagement he
feels her breathing pick up the beat along with his.  Their
bodies know what is coming even if they pretend not to.  
     When the last button is open, he slips his warm hands
seductively underneath the shirt.  Jack is confronted with the
enjoyable task of extricating Jill from the confines of her bra,
but Jill, not wanting to delay too long this pleasant pastime,
quickly pulls away and slips out of both the shirt and the bra,
herself, immediately pulling Jack back to her warm bosom.  But,
she left just enough space between them for his hands to begin
once again their erotic exploration.  He does with passion and
lust.  
     They quickly find her soft and firm and ripe breasts that
had always fascinated him.  They are not large and not small,
just the perfect size and shape.  They are each crowned by a
delicate pinkish areola with an indescribablely luscious erect
nipple straining towards him.  He fights loose from Jill's hug to
gain a look at them and quickly plants moist kisses on each in
turn.  His tongue playfully toying with the delightful nipples.
     After more than ten minutes playing and sucking at these
marvelous instruments they resume their tempestuous kissing
allowing Jack's hands to continue probing.
     With extreme patience his hands again find their way past
her waist to the soft flanks of this Aphrodite-incarnate,
protected by the coarse texture of her overalls.  For a few
minutes they roam freely imagining what the actual touch of that
heavenly skin must be like (although, he, of course, already
knew, it is not one of the things you trust to your memory). 
Slowly, as if expecting resistance, he begins to unbuckle her
belt and unsnap the first closure.  Meeting no resistance, he
then quietly, so as to not awaken the sleeping beasts too soon,
zips them open.  Once that obstacle is over come, he slowly slips
his hand inside, closer to the warm flesh that so arouses his
manhood.  The silken film of her underwear now is the only
hinderance.
     In virtual slow motion he eases Jill back on the bed until
she is lying on her back, still linked to Jack with her elegant,
bare arms.  She moans slightly as he raises her slightly to slip
the overalls off and onto the floor.  In the meantime, she has
slipped her shoes and socks off.  
     For many, many moments Jack playfully scampers around the
bare flesh exposed, spending much time marveling at the delicate,
soft beauty of her inner thighs.  Each gentle touch causes Jill
to gasp in anticipation and Jack to moan under the burden of the
passion rising in him.
     Then slowly he begins to inch her underwear down her
velveteen sides, being helped by the slow undulation of Jill's
hips.  It is not clear if they are voluntary or not, but they are
slow and deliberate and irresistible.
     "Jill, please roll over before I blow the whole thing and
rape you right now," he whispers when her underwear is finally
removed.  
     Her response is muffled, something about, "it ain't rape,"
but she rolls over compliantly anyway.  He grabs a bath towel
("To keep me honest") and spreads it over her perfect back.
     But even from the back and even partially covered Jack is
awed by her exquisite loveliness.  "Jill you are the most
beautiful person I have ever seen, with or without clothes.  God
practiced for thousands of years to perfect His art to produce
you.  He did good!  And I am so glad He didn't waste all of His
talents on the outside, for your inner beauty far exceeds what
the imperfect eye can see.  I love you, Jill, and I will love you
with all of my heart and I love you with all of my mind and I
love you with all of my spirit and I will love you always, Jill. 
There has been none like you.  You are Perfection, exquisite
Perfection, Jill.  I kneel down and worship this shrine, Jill."
     After pausing, he applies lotion, warmed in his pocket, to
his hands and spreads it generously and sensuously on her legs
and arms.  A gasp of pleasure escapes Jill's lips.  
     "You must lie here and relax and release your cares to my
hands.  I will be gentle.  I will be caring.  My love for you
would allow nothing else."
     Beginning at her toes Jack gentle rubs in the oil and kneads
the aches and cares away.  He massages towards her ankles to
assist the blood flow in her toes.  Each toe in turn gets the
same treatment as he lusciously pauses and strokes between them. 
He fleeting kisses each as he progresses.  Completing her toes he
begins to work on her feet.  Jack knew that the Achilles tendon
had a genitals-connection so his stroking steadily leads to that
area after he had explored the rest of her lovely and delicate
foot.  
     His slow and steady sensual touch advances to her ankle and
upwards to her expressively beautiful calf.  A slight tremor
passes over her, but his hands do not stray from their amorous
and pleasant task.  Gently they follow the contours of her fine
calf from her ankle to her lovely knee.  The elegance of her
limbs had always amazed and charmed Jack, but until now he had
not known the real passion associated with flirting with such
exquisitely turned ivory.  The smoothness beneath his touch is
awe-inspiring and sends tremors up and down his own spine.  "Hold
on, Jack, this delicate journey has just begun," he says to
himself.
     Jack quietly shifts his attentions from Jill's lovely legs
to her exquisitely sensuous hands resting so close.  He begins
with a gentle upwards massaging of her fingers.  They are
delicately formed and only slightly roughened by hard work
suiting her demeanor.  Jill takes very good care of herself and
it shows.  Her elegant beauty is flawless.  Jill is striking.  No
other words would do her rare beauty justice.  She is
magnificent.  
     Jack smears more oil to pave the way for his ever-exploring
hands.  Delicately he follows the fingers around, one by one,
pausing at the base of each to implant a kiss of love.  His
tongue flicks out to gently caress the soft membrane of skin
between each.  Then he continues his kneading on the palms.  He
strives to erase the cares and anguishes of the hardness of life
with more ointment.  His heart is in it.  The care he feels flows
more freely than the oil.
     Jack is sure that Jill has fallen asleep.  Not a sound is
heard, except her deep, even breathing.  Her exquisitely lovely
face carries a truly joyous smile into her dreams.  Trust and,
maybe, love have found an outlet.
     No matter how deep the sleep, Jack's labor-of-love is not
consummated.  His hands continue their explore, but it is clear
that they are no longer under Jack's control as they lusciously
travel the full range of her exquisitely chiseled arm.  
     At Jill's shoulder they rest.  Slowly and determinedly they
slide the towel a little lower so her exquisitely graceful
shoulder is exposed.  Gently he traces each contour from her
shoulders to her Kama neck.  His warm hands tenderly pressure the
deep muscles on her back, kneading them towards her neck to
strengthen her circulation.  When the massage regains her neck it
acts like an aphrodisiac, the sleeping giant in Jill awakes.  A
groan of passion is heard.  Jack pauses.  She is quiet again.
     Slowly Jack starts again, this time progressing up Jill's
neck.  He parts her short, but beautiful and delicately soft
tresses, pausing to give, with love, a heart-kiss.  Continuing,
he finds her ear and traces it around and around, swirling into
oblivion.  With an oh-so gentle touch, he persists in his quest
and touches the face of pure beauty.  Her delicately formed
cheeks and nose are traced with great care.  He lingers under her
nose and follows her lovely, full lips, so ripe with passion and
desire, now parted, as if in greeting him.  As his fingers pass
her lips close to a rosebud to exchange a kiss of love, and open
to reveal a moist tongue hungering for a new sensation.  With
regret Jack leaves the luscious lips, so like lusty blood-swollen
Mons of Venus, and continues his quest.  His fingers with sincere
caring and passion graze the slight, almost sensual, scar on her
cheek.
     Renewing his travels Jack reaches her eyes of deep-sea azure
sunshine, now glistening with tears.  A drop is rushed away by
gravity.  Jack bends to erase another with his lips, and his own
hot tears mix passionately with her's.  Not a word is spoken. 
The exchange of an immeasurably deep gaze, love from one
intertwining with a heart-felt thanks from the other, stem the
flow.  Her eyes, more capable of giving of love than receiving
it, close to allow his delicate touch to pass.
     Jack's trembling hands extend up Jill's forehead and his
fingers wind amongst her soft brown locks, threading their way
down, down to her shoulders and beyond.  Ardently they search
beneath the towel to relieve the tense knots settled there.  He
anoints his hands and applies pressure with ecstatic glee. 
Discreetly he eases the towel to waist level to reveal a
flawlessly pure, snow-white back demarcated by perfect tan lines. 
He follows the lines and moves in to the "snow field" with
sensitive strokes.  The passion in his touch is clearly evident
as he manipulates her precious skin.
     Jack's efforts gain in strength.  His fingers spread warmth
in an ever-widening circle, encountering the towel barrier again
and again.  His intensity diminishes somewhat when the barrier is
knocked askew and his warm hands find the graceful curving lines
of Freyja's treasure, soft, yet sensually firm, mounds of
exquisite composition, begging to be circled and traced.  Jack
flirts with each one.
     "Surely these are Godly creations.  How could anyone view
such luscious mounds as anything but unabashed beauty.  I kiss
each with my heart and mind.  I worship at the shrine of pure
beauty.  I am yours, Jill.  Forever, I am yours, Oh, One of
Magnificent and Perfect Beauty.  I am eternally grateful for this
moment.  No other could feel such love as I do at this moment.  I
share this moment only with you, Jill, and God.  It is good.  It
is right."
     He continues to fondle her ripe buttocks, planting a warm,
juicy buss on each.  With one last regretting squeeze, he
replaces the towel again between shoulder and knee.  "Now, roll,
over slowly, Beautiful."
     Slowly she rolls over as Jack holds the modesty drape from
slipping.  He gazes into Jill's eyes, longingly and fervently
desiring to kiss those gentle lips and hold her warm and supple
body close to his.  Instead he gently leans down and caressingly
kisses the very tips of her big toes, erotic points to many. 
Cuddling her feet in his sensitive hands he renews his gentle
massaging.  His eyes never leave hers.  
     Softly and slowly his caressing touch steals to her heels
and ankles and endearingly up her graceful calves to rest,
trembling on her unblemished knees.  Then they trace their way
back down, again ending at her charming toes.  Cautiously, they
follow their trail back up again, ending, daringly, on Jill's
enchanting Astarte thigh.  Like a passionate dog Jack's fingers
whiff, exploring the delicate flesh, occasionally digging into
the muscles to sooth their tension, occasionally just flirting
with the sensitive skin, just sniffing and exploring.  
     All the time the towel remains virtuously in place.  At some
unseen clue he, as before, passes attention from Jill's lovely
legs to her outstretched and graceful arms, yearning to embrace
the passion she feels, but not wishing to break the magic spell. 
In a friendly, no, a passionate gesture, Jack's fingers trace the
faintly outlined veins, surging with pent up desire, from her
delicate finger tips, across her enchanting hands, up the
sensuous arms, so capable of lusty embrace in the throes of
ecstacy, to the softly curving shoulders begging to have resting
on them a head, spent with Love's longings.  
     Like a seized person his fingers relentlessly pursue their
journey from shoulder to delicate finger tip and back several
times.  Each time the trail becomes more comfortable and welcome. 
Jill's breathing, once deep and even, now comes slightly heavier
and with more effort as the feeling of pure passion invades her
very being.  
     The mortal hands of Jack, now firmly in the control of a
higher spirit, struggle to gain control of the lust welling
within, venture slightly under the shade of modesty to caress the
tender, warm flesh of temptation.  Like children exploring
beneath a sheet they blindly and hesitantly creep hither and yon
seeking new avenues.  Clearly they hunger.  The deep muscle
massage is forsaken by Care for the fluttering of a butterfly.
     Then an inadvertent quick and unexpected reflex twist by
Jill, probably caused by being too long in one position, mates
the gentle butterfly with the charms of Aphrodite, the crown of
beauty, the lovely dome of motherhood.  With renewed confidence
Jack's soft finger tips cautiously trace the edge of each lovely
breast, around and around, endlessly.  Then with great care they
creep slowly up the steep slope towards the summit.  With barely
perceptible touch the blind fingers alight near the areola.  An
imperceptible take in Jill's breath is timed exactly with the
moment.  No other sign is given.  Jill's nipples strain to reach
out to Jack's charmed and smitten touch.  His fingers ever so
gracefully inch toward the luscious erotic buds.  At the moment
of touch sparks of emotion fly between Jack and Jill, their
passionate gaze never having wavered.  
     No moment was ever quite like this for Jack.  The urge to
kiss those ripe, ruby rosebuds nearly became too much.  To
counteract his unbearable craving he lowers his eyes and buries
his face in the towel at Jill's breast.  Jack's hot, burning
tears of passion were rapacious soaked up by the towel, never
giving them a chance to caress the breasts which had so charmed
him.  Jill's soft and delicate arms enfolded the stricken Jack. 
His arms reaching around to embrace Jill's beautiful body.
     For many minutes they lay interlocked, captivating all of
the love two mortals could possibly engender.
     Then, in an instant Jack rolls off the bed tearing the towel
with him, revealing Jill in all of her wondrous beauty.  
     Her firm delicate breasts inviting the cupped hands of Jack
to cradle them.  He encircles them, his thumb and forefinger
gently grasping the erect and awaiting nipples.  Her hands
quickly fling Jack's clothes to the far winds exposing Jack and
his upright instrument.  His warm lips follow the lead of his
hands.
     He kneels before Jill and lets his soft warm hands creep
down to the creams soft fur of Eros' triangle and the enveloping
folds around the grotto of Amour.  He gently caresses the
delicate pink-white flesh surrounding this heaven-on-earth with
his fingers, then, with the ethereal touch of his hot damp
tongue.
     Jack approaches the source of heaven, Love's sacred
sanctuary.  He flirts with the holy grail, skirting its ripe lips
in search of her holy scepter.  The delight of the search is
exhilarating.  There it is!  He finds the verge of Femininity,
Femininity incarnate in this magnificent and flawless body of
Jill.  The shock of first contact shoots electricity through his
hand, Jill stiffens in rapture.  A virtually inaudible groan of
delight simultaneously spills from her lips.
     His touch pauses, then passes, gently caressing this
enchanted tip.  As he cuddles and embraces its firm outline a
steady delirious wail is heard.  Without missing a single fond
stroke, he slips his idle fingers down lower to the chalice he
craves to sip.
     Jack's sensitive fingers probe for more, deeper and deeper,
but they can only proceed so far before his contact with Jill's
hungering clitoris might be lost.  But proceed they must.  In
they slide delighting in their surroundings, the silky and
pliable grotto made slippery and slidey by a delicious mixture of
oozing secretions longing to be tasted.  The gems at the end of
this exquisite tunnel could never be surpassed by the path
itself.  But the long search for the Love-prize, the mother-lode,
is about to end with fulfillment.
     As he leans down, she cried, "Enough", but Jack would not
hear of it, as his gentle tongue finds her clitoris.  Shock-waves
of passion boil up in her.  It is too much.  She gently holds his
head in her hands and lies back to enjoy it.  
     She had always thought that a man's tongue was rough, like
her own, but this didn't feel that way.  Jack was exceeding
gentle.  A few soft flutters on her clitoris rose Jill's lovely,
smooth, curved buttocks off the bed in pure ecstasy.  He descends
and sends his tongue deep into her vagina, that hauntingly
delicious, warm moist cavern of sensuousness.  A few long, slow
and deep flicks fire Jill to fever pitch, then he shifts back to
her lovely little pink clitoris, inflamed with passion.  In
between he wonders all around her pubic area, pausing here and
there to devote particular attention.  The feelings being
generated inside Jill are unmistakable and uncontrollable and
delicious.
     He stops.  He raises his head and looks longingly inter her
eyes.  Then he leans over grasping both lovely breasts in his
warm hands, cupping each gentle, and kisses each risen nipple. 
Opening his mouth they exchange erotic acts, he being the orifice
and she being the erect tool.  Rising, he whispers, "One more
thing, before I enter heaven."
     Quietly, she whispers back, "I want him now, Jack.  I want
you inside of me now."  He turns and sits cross-legged before
her, soaking up the exquisite beauty lying before him.
     "Not quite yet, please."
     "As I said before, on a lesser occasion, 'The Creator made
an appalling mistake when He disallowed us to make wonderful,
passionate love remotely so we could see our beauty, the beauty
of the human body, the beauty of this act.'"
     He raises her so she is sitting in front of him.  As he
reaches out to gently cup her luscious, perfectly-formed breasts
in his warm hands, Jill extends her hand and caresses his.  A
slow, fervent kiss exchanges lips several times.  Cautiously, at
first, their tongues explore, as their hands softly and
hesitantly meander among the newly found hills and valleys of
each other.  Their nipples are rigid, her's being like lovely,
ruby flowers stretching out to Jack.  He pauses a moment to
delicately plant a warm, moist kiss on each sweet breast.  Their
fingers continue to enjoy their romped in paradise, as children
at play.
     One of his hands creeps up to stroke Jill's short, soft hair
and falls lovingly to gently caress the back of her neck and
ears.  Soon one abandons its quest and steals lower to her
delicately smooth, creamy white inner thigh and delicately inches
to her pubic area, rich in erotic senses.  It was still dripping
wet with his saliva and her warm, luscious and sweet vaginal
fluids.  He gently traces the contours of her pubic mound and
tangles his fingers lovingly in her hair.  He tenderly frolics
over the mons and cautiously ventures further.
     Her hands were far from idle as she caresses his chest and
arms and follows the soft fur down towards the nether regions. 
As she reaches the mound of soft hair surrounding his stalk, it
responds with a start.  The quivering rod stands proudly and
majestically upright in the forest for Jill to see and hold.
     Again he finds her clitoris, her blood-rich bud, flower,
seat of driving passion.  But not until after he had deliciously
sought, and found, the hidden depths of her creamy pink vagina,
the love-shrine.  With exquisite care and tenderness he surrounds
her exquisitely sensitive flower and caresses every crevice and
tip.  Jill gives a reflex intake as he reaches the tip.  Her
moans are equalled only by his.  Jack dallies with trembling hand
as shivers of passion wave through Jill's graceful body.
     Together they lavish joyful touch upon tender touch on each
other as they share this exquisitely lovely and passionate
moment.  As their soft and gentle frolicking continues their
breathing meshes into one.  Imperceptibly each clung to the
other.  At no time do their eyes wander from each other, being
constantly focused on their finger's meandering, awed by the
innocent and sweet "children" at play in their enchanted meadow.
     As one they look at each other as if to verify that their
time is now.  The electricity of the moment is awesome.
     Slowly Jack lowers Jill down to the bed again.  Against her
protests he also lowers himself so that once again his mouth
covers her mons.
     With exquisite gentleness he resumes his attention on her
seat of joy.  As her fluids flow freely, once again he finds her
and as he slowly and tenderly sucks her clitoris her orgasm
bursts forth with a resounding cry of ecstacy.
     After many, many moments her seemingly anguished cries end
in a bubbling, guttural moan of unadulterated lust.
     Eventually, she begins shaking her head and rolling about. 
"Jack, I wanted you inside of me.  It was so good, but I wanted
you there, too."
     Jack pauses, keeping his whole hand gently on her mons. 
Then he slowly resumes his probing for her apex.  With a groan of
remorse she tries to reach for his hand, to stave off the attack. 
But just as she grabs it the groan tails off into a moan of
delight as he again finds the clitoris.  The joy-bud bursts into
life as he gently contacts the tip; the blood coursing through
her veins towards this seat of exquisite pleasure.  "Oh, my God,
that feels good, but I want you to stop, Jack.  No, no!  Don't
stop.  Don't stop."
     He returns quickly to the hidden depths of her creamy pink
vagina, the love-shrine.  Her fluids perfect to moisten and
lubricate his touch.  
     Another orgasmic wave surrounds her.  
     As it passes, a grand sign of relief escaped Jill's lips. 
"God, that was good."  But before she can say more, Jack slips
down and buries his nose into Jill's moist, warm crotch.  
     "No, come up here," she murmurs, trying to pull him back. 
But he is not to be dissuaded.  Skillfully his adroit tongue
aspires the bloom of release again.  Her admonishments to join
her are abruptly curtailed when his sensitive wet tongue settles
once again on her clitoris.  As he delicately dances around the
passion stalk occasionally darting up to the tip, then
retreating, Jill's passion steadily boils inside of her.   She
gropes down to find Jack's exposed and erect penis, but it is too
far away.  
     "Let me have you too, please."  She cries, as another flood
of love-juice flushes and precedes another orgasm, an intense and
magnificent climax.  
     Exhausted, she lies panting as he snuggles up to her, still
carrying the heavenly odor of love with him.  She cringes as he
kisses her.
     "Jill, anything of yours is honey to my lips.  Please share
with me in this delightfully wonderful feast?"  
     With a warm smile she flings her arms about him, pulling him
to her bare breasts in a warm passionate kiss.  "Of course, you
can.  Let me taste it, too."  
     He leans down and kissed her tenderly.  As the kiss lingers,
Jack gently caresses her lips with his tongue until she parts
them.  He explores everywhere, beginning with her teeth and
continuing to the depths of her sensuous mouth.  It is done in
such a gentle way that it does not feel like an invasion.
     As Jack's tongue satiates its wanderlust, his hands continue
delicately stroking her breasts.  Then they wandered to her
buttocks, pulling her towards him and his awaiting erection. 
Jill parts her legs slightly and pulls him even closer.  
     He reaches down to insert his erect penis into her awaiting
vagina, but at that moment Jill restrains him, saying, "I want to
say good bye to him."  Her hands survey all of his shaft and the
bubbling sack of life dangling beneath.  
     "Good bye. God speed."
     With help from Jill, Jack's penis enters the glory cave. 
With nearly imperceptible movement they begin the dance of love
that could only end their delight.  
     Then, when with obvious reluctance the turgid penis, the
majestic staff of life, emerges from its friendly and comfortable
home, Jill struggles and cries out, "Put him back, please come
back in.  Fill me up."  She slowly and lovingly wraps her perfect
legs around Jack's loins to enhance the union.  His penis reacts
with joy when he feels the encouragement.  And, after only a
short moment, the penis Jill so dearly seeks disappears again
with relish into the inner reaches of pleasure.  
     Again he comes forth and reenters.  Each removal, sheer
agony; each return, utter elation.  After a few well-controlled
thrusts Jack enters for good the sacred Grotto of Love.  While he
tenderly, but dogged, strokes, in deeper, out reluctantly, Jill
tightens and relaxes her grip on his pelvis with her legs.
     Breathlessly, Jill exclaims, "Welcome home, my friend.  Come
inside and enjoy the comforts of home.  You are always welcome."
     Then in holy silence they continue their dance of praise to
the heavens for the wonderful gift of love.  No two could have
been closer to the heavenly kingdom than they.  And it was good!
     "Deeper, Jack, deeper.  I want more in me.  Fill me with
your whole self, Jack."  But Jack was as deep as he was capable
of going.
     Jill's lovely legs guide Jack's active loins to ensure his
continuance.  With cautious insistence she hurries Jack along his
well laid path.  
     As the determined rhythms of their rocking pelvises
gradually increase in intensity, their breathing takes on a
certain urgency.  With the heavy breathing their pelvic driving
follow suit.  The fluid noises of their combined juices, a slight
bed-centered squeak and their passionate breathing are the only
sounds.
     As his exertion approaches near agony the sensuous groans
became a constant barrage of erotic and carnal grunts.  Jill
attempts to control the fantastic thrusts of Jack, just to make
them linger, but to no avail.
     "Ohhhh.... Ohhh... Ohh," he grunts as he hurriedly gushes
his juices into her unready cunt.
     A shrill wail bubbles from her lips along with the cry, "Oh,
no, God!  Don't let it be finished!  Bring it back."
     Still in the throws of her rising passion, she again moans,
"Oh, God, oh, God.  Don't stop now, Jack.  Please don't stop
now."
     She desperately clings to Jack trying to keep him from
losing what he has already lost.  "Oh, fuck, me.  Fuck, fuck,
fuck, fuck me," she whimpers.
     With all of the energy he can muster, Jack tries to
continue, but the effort is not adequate.  With a look of agony
and almost hate, she takes her arms from around Jack and ran them
down until they were by her hips.  Practically throwing him off
of her she forces her hands between them to her hungering
genitals.  With practiced strokes she continues what Jack could
not.
     Then she cries amid the wild bucking of her hips, even with
Jack's weight full on her, "Oh, God, I think I'm coming."
     Furiously she begs Jack, "Oh, please don't stop, please
don't stop, fuck me, please fuck me."  But he is finished. 
     She screams as she draws closer to her blissful pinnacle as
she continuing to thrust on him and herself.  "AAAAH, OOOOOH!, OH
GOD!, OH GOD!, OH YES!, AH, AH, AH,
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" 
     Again she screams as her love box spasmed around his
softening penis and her juices flowed, "OH OOOhhhh...I'm cumming.
I'mmmmm cummmiinnnggggg.  Ummm. Ummm. Ummm. UUUmmmmmm." 
     Finally, she lies spent.  "Damn.  I am sorry you couldn't
have waited.  It felt so good this time."
     Jack was besides himself, "I'm so very sorry, Jill.  I
wanted so much to give you this.  I guess I am just not capable."
     "Oh, I'm sorry," she repeats.  
     "No, I am the one who has failed you.  But never again."
     Jill was still overcome by her exertions and emotions and
had not noticed that they now have an audience.  She yells in
dismay as she finally focuses on the four handsome  young men,
sitting enraptured around the bed.  Spontaneously the begin to
clap and cheer.
     It must have been that impulsive action that somehow
prevented Jill from dashing out of the room.  (As a matter of
fact, later they all discussed this moment at length, and were
all amazed at the feelings each held.)
     It was Alan who came over to Jill first.
     "Jill, you are a true beauty.  When I saw you in your
wedding dress I thought you were the most gorgeous woman I had
ever seen.  Then when we peaked in and saw you with no clothes I
was even more sure.  Now that I see you immediately following
your orgasm I am positive."
     Jill could see the passion in his eyes, but she could not
help but be also drawn to something else.  Proceeding Alan is the
most magnificent penis she had ever seen, be it on a person or in
pictures.  It is beautiful.  Standing out as long as her forearm,
this throbbing manhood points right at her, just aching to be
taken.  The breadth brought Jill upright in bed.  It was as big
around as her wrist.  She lovingly stared at it, intending just
to look at it closely, but no more.  She gasped in disbelief. 
She could not take her eyes off of it.
     "Please take it, Jill.  He has been waiting for this
moment."
     Finally, her desire to touch it overcame her.  Slowly she
reaches out, wanting to touch it, yet being afraid.  First, just
her finger tips touches the shrouded tip.  Then cautiously she
traces her fingers around and down the stupendous shaft.  It
rises and falls rhythmically with Alan's breathing as he remains
standing before Jill, expectantly.
     Warily she moves her fingers around the rigid post trying to
hold it steady in her hand.  Not only could she not get her hand
around the monster, but even with both hands she could not hold
its regular pulses.  Her sharp intake of breathe brought with it,
"Magnificent!"
     For many moments Jill explores in wonder the marvelous tool
of love.  She allows her hand to gently caress the astounding
rod.  As she eases her hands around his penis, Alan, leans over
and gently begins fondling her ripe breasts.
     Jill feels giddy with power.  But she also feels giddy with
lust.  Although just minutes before she had had a good orgasm
that is forgotten now.  She wants this massive staff in her, all
the way inside of her, but she feels compelled to dally a moment
or two.
     His foreskin, lies in a thick, heavy envelop surrounding the
neck of his prick.  Jill's soft fingers move the soft fold of
wrinkled skin up to almost cover the glans, them back slowly over
the neck of his cock until the head is uncovered and throbbing in
her hands. Each time she covers and uncovers this lusty cock with
his foreskin, it jerks in excitement.  Already she is causing the
single-eyed monster to tear.  Gently she spreads the sticky
moistness around with her finger tip, trembling all of the time.
     Softly running her hands over the massive organ, Jill weighs
and marvels at the weight, hefting the hairy testicles hanging
with bunched, wrinkled skin below the hard shaft, slowly moving
her fingers between testicles to glans, tracing the blue veins
swelling and pulsing under the skin. 
     Finally, she was brought back to reality by a soft groan
from Alan's lips and his gentle hand on her's.
     Alan climbs on the bed, swinging his ever-imposing manhood
with him.  She leans back seductively bringing her lovely legs up
to her chest, opening herself for the mad stampede of the raging
bull.  
     He kneels down between her lovely limbs and grabs his
struggling stallion-cock in an effort to corral it.
     "Now, Alan!"  And she spreads her gorgeous legs to encircle
his strong back.  As she reaches down to help him control the
enormous penis, he whispers, "You don't need to.  We will find
the way.  How could we not?"
     Gradually this organ of giant proportions lowers to the duty
at hand.  As if guided by a supernatural power, it gently rolls
around the furry mound.  
     After what seemed to be an eternity, the magnificent organ
senses her warm hearth beckoning.  It pauses, like taking a deep
breath, just above the vaginal opening.  But before dropping
down, it seems to reach out and touch her clitoris.  A quick
peck, like on the lips, and a return engagement brings shudders
of passion to Jill as she cries, "Now, come in, now, Alan."  And
then, as if embarrassed, she whispers, "Fuck me, you big horse!"
     One last drawn out buss on the glowing clit by the gentle
monster is the farewell.  Slowly he traces the smooth path down
to the warm embrace of the labial lips, now parted and awaiting. 
"Come in, my friend," they seem to say in delicious anticipation
of the impending union.
     A gentle prodding by Alan starts the long trip home.  The
lips separated, gently caressing the splendid penis as it enters. 
They stroke the silky, swelling, pulsing shaft as a steady,
urgent, but gentle, pressure lodges the giant.  
     His rock-hard cock, snared by her involuntarily tight
vagina, sends bolts of electricity shooting through her.  This is
it.  
     Jill moans loudly and thrusts her hips towards this
dauntless scepter to hasten his entrance.  Alan knows
instinctively the time had come for some serious work.  He pulls
back and rotates his hips so that his penis kind of slithers
around her labia.  Her juices have virtually flowed continuously
since her orgasms with Jack minutes before.  She is thankful for
that, as this is the perfect opportunity to lubricate his glans
for the mad charge ahead.  
     Again Alan places his rigid cock's head on the juicy
opening.  He continues thrusting, now enthusiastically joined by
Jill, gradually forcing the tip of his head to disappear inside
her.  
     Jill feels a momentary twinge, but that is more than offset
by a marvelously full feeling.  "A real man, at last, a real
man," she thought.  
     Alan continues to move slowly and hesitatingly.  Jill moves
with him.  He is firmly entrenched, but it is going to take some
effort to proceed further.  She has serious doubts how long he is
going to last.  Although she had already cummed she is more than
ready for more.  
     His moans become more pronounced as the determined humping
of his haunches increases in intensity.  Still no progress, but
the stimulation she receives leads her towards another quick
climax anyway.  She awaits for the onslaught.
     His pelvic stabs had begun as strokes, maybe, a few inches
long, but as he appears to gather courage and confidence they
grow longer and slower.  Slowly she feels his magnificent dick
creep in deeper by a fraction of an inch.  Then more.   
     Jill reaches up, grasping him around the neck.  It seems she
is kind of stuck on his penis.  She tries to extract Alan's cock
on its up stroke so he would have more momentum on the down.  To
no avail, she is stuck and just rides with him as he moves. 
     The frustration at only being able to invade a few inches
sends the Alan into a frenzy.  His still pulsing penis is poised
to fully penetrate Jill's awaiting body.  His horse-stabs grow
longer.   
     Then a wondrous thing happens.  He moves in her again.  His
savage pelvic churnings definitely are bearing fruit. 
     As they pour their whole beings into each monstrous stab,
Jill slowly, juicily and with obvious relish to those enraptured
by the "show," absorb more and more of the incredible staff.   
     His urgent plunges, which had met her involuntary
resistance, were winning.  Mentally, she tries to open as wide as
possible.  She wants his whole being inside.  The resistance
lessens.   
     It is the final desperate lunge at the end of a superb
foot-inch stroke that did the trick.  They both emit muffled
cries when his immense penis finally thrusts home.  They freeze. 

     Already he had penetrated deeper inside of her than she had
ever felt before and he still has his hand full around his dick. 
Never had she felt so full of a man.  But he keeps pumping and
driving deeper.  Her lubrication continues to flow liberally,
thanks to Mother Nature, and his immense cock is the recipient of
all of it.  The feeling is not like she is splitting open, it is
more just a constant, fierce, sensual pressure on her body that
sends waves of pleasure up and down her spine.  She does not want
to succumb too soon as there was infinite pleasure and joy in his
actions.  The ceaseless friction created by his monstrous pelvic
thrusts issues shivers of joy throughout her body.  She reaches
her arms around him even more.  
     At last he finally releases his Leviathan cock to its own
custody and reaches around her hips and down to her bottom.  With
a firm grip on her ass and with a fierceness and intensity that
is almost frightening, pulls her to him.  He seems just too big. 
With an audible sharp intake of breath when his gigantic penis
contacts her cervix he withdraws his mammoth shillelagh a few
inches and stops.
     At the same instant she wraps her legs around his loins.  It
is not clear if it is more to try to gain control of the
situation or to spur him to finish the task he had started. 
     Jill feels her breath quicken in time to his heaving as his
stallion-prick swells in anticipation of his looming climax.  She
tightens her grip on his torso with her legs now, more to curb
his wildly driving body than to assist his invasion. 
     He withdraws his elephantine cock until it nearly escapes
her vagina, pauses imperceptibly on the brink, so to speak, and
then fiercely drives that stupendous, rock-hard pole deep, deep
into her body.  Each stroke sends exquisite tingling sensations
coursing through her ripe body as her lust-bloated vaginal lining
is impudently propelled aside by that magnificent monster.  Then
he crashes to a stop with an animal grunt and a sharp cry from
Jill.  Frantically, he begins to withdraw again, and then plunge
right back with more fervor.  Over and over.  With each stroke
his heavy testicles bounce against her.  It seemed that with
every stroke his penis seems to swell slightly.
     Then without warning he stopped at full penetration and
seems to go into spasms.  
     Jill just has time to catch her breath when Alan begins
again.  This time she doesn't have to ride along.  The applause
of the observers is totally lost on the absorbed pair.
     His flailing thrusts are rewarded with the delicious,
lubricated sliding of his gorgeous vein-studded, flaming penis in
Jill's creamy pink vagina.  
     Giving a cry of pleasure, Alan redoubles his efforts.  As
the fantastic, scintillating penis slips deeper into her, she
arches her back and groans, "My God!"  Over and over he drives
his glorious penis even deeper with each stroke.  They grunt in
unison with the strokes.
     When he can no longer hold back he cries, "We have arrived,
Jill.  Come with me to Nirvana, enter Elysium with me."  And they
both shake in ecstacy and climax together.  With a huge flash,
the world explodes.  With one magnificent plunge Alan cums with a
heart-wrenching shriek.  Jill's response is not muffled either. 
As he struggles to unload his wad into her, her whole body
stiffens and once again glories in a stupendous spasmodic orgasm. 
His testicles boil up and erupt their contents inside of her
until she can practically taste it.  She never had a chance to
wonder where it all came from, and surely didn't care.  All Jill
knows is that his hot sticky semen continued to spew and spurt
inside of her for what seemed like eternity. 
     As the final drops are squeezed out by Jill's passionately
contracting vagina, Alan gives up trying to hold himself off and
collapses on her.  At that instant he fills her, one might say,
"to the hilt."
     Alan and Jill might have lain there for hours, except that a
soft voice whispered in Jill's ear, "That was very nice, Jill.  I
have something I would like to share with you, too.  May I?"
     With a smile Alan looked at Jill and said, "I sure don't
want to leave my 'home' here, but I really do think Gene will
make it worth YOUR while."  And he slowly withdraws his now spent
and withered penis and rolls off.  
     "Gene, she is some lady.  Treat her gently and she will
respond like a finely tuned harp."
     "I noticed," he says, as he lies down next to the still
heaving Jill.  
     His first touch, to her still erect nipple, sends a shock
wave through her body.
     "Gene, I don't know if I can take anymore."  
     "Don't worry, I'm tiny compared to Alan's.  All you need do
is lie there and relax."  
     "How can I relax with you guys sitting out there watching
me?"
     "Now admit it, Jill, you didn't know we were there when you
were fooling around with Jack and you certainly didn't notice
when Alan was pumping away, did you?"
     "Well, I guess not, but I know now."
     "Give me a couple of minutes and you won't," he grins, as he
reaches around Jill and pulled her to him.  Her eyes are still
open when he kisses her.  She struggles for a brief moment, but
soon moaning, she resigns herself, closes her eyes and kisses
Gene back, hard.
     Gene is quite naked, of course.  Although his rod keeps him
from full-body contact he, nonetheless tries.  Again, he plants a
moist kiss full on Jill's luscious lips forcing open her faintly
resisting mouth with his tongue.  Just as his one-minded penis
would soon search endlessly her warm cavern of love, his tongue
searches her yearning mouth to be more a part of her, striving to
be one.  
     Gene's hands are everywhere on Jill, fondling her firm
passionate bottom, pulling it close to him determinedly telling
her he is not going to allow her to dictate the pace of this
encounter.  His free hand finds her lovely firm breasts stroking
and caressing them as if each housed her very soul.  Her breath
comes in gasps now, but he is not through.  His fiercely
throbbing penis attests to that.  
     "Jill, I want you now.  I will have you.  I will get inside
of you, fill you with myself, sow my very being in you, make you
climb the wall and beg for more."  
     He slowly moves his hand, which had been gently fondling her
breasts throughout this conversation.  He reaches out and once
again clasps her delicious, sweet smelling breasts.  He bends
down to caress each firmly erect nipple in his warm unyielding
mouth.  Trailing moist warm saliva from her breasts he goes down
until he fastened his eager mouth to her loins.  He hungrily
finds her rigid, sensitive clitoris and traces it around with his
hot tongue, slowly at first then more resolutely until he slowly
arrives at the exquisite tip, relishing in her squirming and
gasping.  
     She tries to break away, to pull him up, to consummate the
passionate beast being created; but he does not comply.  "Not
yet, my Luscious.  You shall not feel me in you until I am
ready."  
     "God, Gene, I can't stand it any more.  I am cumming my life
away and your don't care.  I need your cock in me now before I am
used up.  I'm cumming now.  Please, Gene.  My God, have mercy on
me.  Fuck me now!  Fill my cunt with your cock and fire your load
in me."  
     But Gene's only response is to follow the tender folds from
her exquisite clit to the openly inviting, freely flowing vagina
awaiting the explore of an expert.  His tongue seeks . . . and
found the hungering grotto . . . and entered.  Although his
tongue does not venture far enough to satisfy either of the two
quaking lovers it still traces every lovely sensual and scented
lip and fissure.  Jill's hips are madly and uncontrollably
bucking trying to lodge Gene's tongue deeper and deeper into her.
     Jill was mumbling incoherently words like, "Gene, I want you
in me"  and "Gene, fuck the life out of me"  and "Gene, I need
it, I must have it now"  
     He stops and lays her back.  Her love-convulsions continue
for a few seconds as if he was already firmly inside.  Her legs
are all askew, arms grasping at air, hips pumping furiously.  As
she writhes in passion he looks down and smiles.  
     He slowly takes his pulsating penis, even as it is growing
with renewed vigor to a bloated size and shape that amazes even
him.  
     Her eyes open and see him, in a blur.  "God, Gene, cum into
me, NOW!  I cannot continue any more.  I am through."  
     Gene responds with both words and action.  The words were,
"Jill, you have not even begun.  This orgasm will blow your mind
. . . and mine.  We shall see heaven in just a few moments now." 

     After feasting his eyes a moment longer on Jill, the action
is to gently kneel between her sensuously shapely, out-flung
legs.  Still holding his magnificent penis he lowers himself over
her.  Only then does he relinquish his hold on his staff allowing
her to desperately try to stuff him into the open door of God's
heavenly garden.  A myriad of erotic scents are already wafting
up to embrace them.  
     Gene sweetly embraces her once again, leading it with a
delicate kiss that would have been the envy of even Venus.  Jill,
in desperation, savagely strives to engage his glorious manhood. 
As if a beast in heat, her groaning and grunting reaches a
feverish level.  
     Although she obviously relished being under Gene's weight
and kisses, her intense desire to consummate the embrace nearly
heaves Gene off.  "Hold on, Dear Jill.  Together we can master
this monster we have created.  Hold still, my Sensual Passion
Flower, and I shall endeavor to find our timid playmate a friend
in which to play."  
     He reaches down, much too slowly for Jill as shown by her
obvious impatience.  Even as she is attempting to enclose his
loins with her elegant sensual legs Gene's sensitive hands were
meandering down the length of her body, slowing to enjoy the
nooks and crannies along the way.  
     Jill's body hums like a violin string reaching a crescendo
as his hands finally reaches her desperate hips.  He purposely
ignores her flailing hands and grabs the subject of interest.  
     Fumbling together, they both succeed in guiding the
magnificent rod of steel to a point immediately above her hot
cunt.  But as if it had a mind of its own, that magnificent cock
pauses and plants what could only be construed as an exquisitely
delicate, albeit slobbery, kiss on her clitoris.  
     He is then whisked away, down to the awaiting crevasse.  The
gigantic, sweating, spongy head preceding the steel-like shaft
throbbing in rhythm to the swaying of her hips.  
     On one particularly desperate stroke Gene moves quickly and
the head lodges.  At that instant Jill gives a despondent cry and
collapses in an all-enveloping orgasm.  Tears flow like a river
as she clutches Gene with her beautiful arms and legs.  
     "Forgive me, Gene, I could not wait for you any longer.  I
am only human and this is beyond me."  
     Gene, whispers, "Peace, Jill, the best is yet to come (no
pun intended).  Don't give up."  With that he eases his immense
penis even further into her.  
     The way is so slippery with both her cum and Alan's that
this pulsating beast enters with ease.  Slowly and earnestly he
slides further in.  Jill's racked body just lies exhausted,
seemingly impervious to the exquisite sensation - a masterful and
sensitive shaft delicate threading and caressing its way through
a chamber made only in heaven and only for this staff of life.  
     Although the pinnacle of her orgasm has not passed a whole
new mountain miraculously appears before her.  Her eyes open in
amazement.  A fleeting look of sheer terror passes her unseeing
eyes as they look off into space.  "Gene, don't leave me.  Don't
let me face this alone.  Help me,  show me.  No, take me with
you." 
     "Dear Jill, where I go, you must go also.  We take this trip
together.  Hold tight as it is beyond even my ken.  But this path
before us was not of my doing, or wholly yours, it is OUR PATH. 
We shall take it together.  Hold me, Jill.  Just as you give
yourself to me I return my whole self to you.  It shall be this
way forever."  At these words he releases his whole weight onto
Jill and his penis slides fully into her.  His swelling testicles
lie against her perineum, rising and falling in their own unique
way, but surging and expanding more with each wave.  
     They both lie there together basking in the warmth exuded by
both of their genitals.  They both gaze deeply into each other's
eyes, savoring the moment like it would never return.  Then, as
if a command was given by the Director on high, the exquisite
Dance of Love begins.  Gene slowly withdraws his beautiful penis
until it just rests at the edges of her labia.  
     "Once for you, Wonderful Jill," he says as he slowly and
libidinously slithers it back home.  
     A smile escapes her gasping lips as she whispers at his
fullest extraction, "And once for you, Wonderful Gene."  Slowly
and laboriously he pulls back, and joyously reentered.  
     No further words are spoken as his hot firm root seeks her
mons.  At that very instant he kisses her lips with a passion she
had never believed possible, nor imagined, but desired.  The
mumbles of amazement are lost as she returns in kind.  
     The gentle stroking of her vaginal walls by his rigid, yet
yielding, penis, is driven effortlessly by perfectly matched
motions of their hips.  For many minutes this perfect dance
persists with no break except an occasional circular motion of
first Gene's hips and then her's, and the gentle clutching of her
flawless legs around Gene's strong and muscular back.  
     Probably without her knowledge, her hands gently meander
around his back, then down to his chest and up around his face
and through his hair and around his ears.  Then they continue
down his lean body to his rhythmically pumping hips.  They
sneakily disappear beneath him carefully searching for another
"view" of his organ.  On an up-stroke she reaches in to clasp its
girth as if in disbelief.  
     Imperceptibly, their motions become stronger and more
intense.  No sounds, save an occasional grasping of breath,
escape either of their lips.  
     The sympathetic stroking of their hips gradually gain speed
and fervor.  Their clenching, more frequent.  The energy
increases.  The previous appearance of an inexhaustible pace
gives way to a more strenuous and strident tempo.  
     Soon their ardor becomes too much for even them.  They
disjoin their kiss to "lie back" in awe at what God hath wrought. 
They gaze into each other's eyes as their bodies pump
incessantly, almost ferociously.  Gene cradles Jill's head in his
hands to try to temper the emotions, but all it does is allow
each to share more contact with the other.  
     Jill gasps, "Gene, where will this lead?  I am still in a
previous orgasm, yet I feel something unearthly building.  Is
this right?  Can I actually take it without dying?"  
     "I don't know, Jill, but we shall go together in an
exquisite flash of fire if we must."  
     Their loins increases their cadence.  His magnificent cock,
fueled by his heart's blood, now streaming with luscious fluids,
pierces and withdraws the hot, dark channel leading straight to
her very soul.  With each stroke his manhood grows, his balls
swell, his penetration deeper.  The walls of her vagina contract
and release exactly in time with his fierce rushes.  It seems as
if all delicateness had fled.  The beating of her hips becomes
savage.  Harsh, guttural cries billow up from her very soul as
the passion and intensity reach the ultimate peak.  
     Not for several minutes were the innocent bystanders,
enthralled in the wonderful spectacle, aware that the display of
orgasmic emotions was one-sided.  It was not even clear that Jill
truly realized that Gene was pausing only to allow her to "do her
thing."  The patience of Nevil and Max, up until this moment,
anxiously awaiting their turn at strumming the lovely strings,
nearly burst forth, but before they could "jump in" they hear
Gene quietly say to Jill, "Don't come back down the mountain too
far, Beautiful One, because I am going to send you back up, . . .
even higher."
     Jill, not truly understanding what he means, simply smiles
and reaches up to kiss this delightful person.  "Thanks, that was
truly marvelous."
     Her "thank you" kiss is return with one filled to the brim
with pent-up passion.  It is like a volcano on the brink of
erupting.  She seems to begin to realize what is happening and
fearful of her ability to cope once again twists under Gene's
weight.  The hesitation is there, but her reactions are either
too slow or repressed or just inadequate, as Gene again forces
his lips upon her's.  
     His hands slips down to her buttocks and grasps them in his
brawny grip.  As he slowly pulls away his hands hold her hips
motionless.  She feels his still fully erect penis slowly
withdrawing amid delightfully suggestive sucking, slurpy and
slippery sounds.  
     Apparently her concern about whether she can sustain another
unearthly orgasm like the last is forgotten.  She moves quickly
in what she intends to be an effort to encourage him in his manly
endeavors, but Gene, suffering under the delusion that she is
still trying to reject him, grasps her buttocks even harder in
his iron grip and forces them toward his loins.  
     His rigid and well-lubed, stanchion surges towards the hot
depths of her vagina.  It seems to wish to find her cervix, to
search the uterine interior, therein, for refuge.  A brief shock,
more delight, than pain, causes Jill to wince and twist away from
his passionate kiss.  He appears to be in a frenzy.  As his hips
steadily beat a rhythm on her tense abdomen her mons cushions his
mad rushes into her.  His head sinks down to her neck and he
erotically nibbles at it.  A brief spasm of pain causes another
cry, but that only intensifies his antics.  
     He is like a beast possessed.  He continues his lewd
pounding at what he thought was an unwilling receptacle.  Her
every move, attempting to encourage him and display her approval
is construed as attempted escape, but his loins will not allow
that.  
     He seems to be torn between outright lust and unadulterated
tenderness as his tears flow over her luscious breasts.  She can
not get the words of reassurance out so high is her fervor.  His
animal antics intensify, presumably to end it as fast as
possible, his only way out.  His sobs fully in sync with his
heaving bring tears to Jill's eyes, but they are tears of joy.  
     When that simple fact finally winds its way through the
intricate web of lust and passion in her, she finally is able to
utter two well-chosen words: "Gene . . . More."  
     As if a giant weight is lifted from Gene's muscular
shoulders his head pops up to look at her . . . and his panicked
animal humping stops in mid stroke.  
     Jill is so close to the brink of another unspeakably
fantastic climax that she can scarcely utter another word, yet,
"Gene, fuck me," bubbles from her flawless lips.  
     Gene, in absolute disbelief, opens his eyes wide, chokes
back a last lingering sob and smiles, "Jill, wait for me this
time, please?"  But he needn't have waited for the answer, nor
does he.  Her reassuring kiss says all.  That kiss, so deep, and
tempestuous brings her again to the onrushing orgasm of a
lifetime, the second within no more than half an hour.  She is as
ill-prepared this time as the last as the world as she knew it
exploded in a blinding electrical flash.  
     Then, almost instantly a feeling of perfect peace settles
over her.  As she floats freely in the space of her own
mind-making she is only slightly aware that Gene is still
struggling to complete his appointed task.  With unembellished
salacious lust his haunches continue their miraculous carnal
thrusting into and out of her never-tiring vagina.  
     With serene slowness Jill twines her lovely limbs around
Gene attempting to quell his efforts, but it only succeeds in
heightening his efforts.  The exquisite abyss of her lingering
orgasm only allows her to vaguely perceive Gene's struggle, but
the feeling of fullness deep within her vagina lets her know that
his struggle is not without jubilance.  It is clear to her
earth-bound body, far below, that Gene is approaching the same
ultimate zenith.  She takes her mind off of the peace and joy of
her persisting passion long enough to sort of flick her hips
during one of his endless down strokes.  
     A gasp of pleasure from his lips is all the reward she
needs.  Jill, carefully, and in-time with his urgent pumping,
slowly begins a rhythmic circular motion with her loins.  The
motions follow the ceaseless squeezings of her unseen vaginal
muscles on Gene's full-to-bursting penis.  Her vagina wants his
load.  It begs for his load.  Gene seems in near panic, but her
gentle caressing of his powerful back eases the feeling.  
     It is only when she, once again, snaked her wonderfully
sensuous hands down to his fantastic churning manhood, stroking
it as it left the comfort of her warm and cozy vagina, that he
cried, "It is upon me, I am joining you.  Here I am, Jill."  
     Jill gasps when she encounters his unmercifully distended
balls.  Then she feels the surge welling up in them and pass
through his vas deferens, disappearing inside that wonderful
tabernacle.  
     Gene gives a long, drawn-out groan of vital lust, unbridled
passion.  And with the first hot impact of his cum striking her,
Jill, from some unknown source, exclaims in an ear-piercing
shriek, like a banshee before devouring a succulent victim.  She
enfolds Gene's taut body within her strong and shapely legs; and
their genital's crush together in a climatic percussive reaction.
     For a brief instant all seemed motionless.  Only they knew
otherwise:  Gene feeling the pent-up semen gush forth with
previously unknown power and quantity and Jill feels the shock of
his cached treasure as it spews out to satiate, to permeate each
eagerly anticipating cranny and continue in an unabated torrent,
the overflow streaming from her vagina to the bed, mixing with
other fluids.  On and on he erupts.  His life forces seemingly
without end rush headlong engulfing her in its warmth and caress. 
But these physical consequences of the passion are virtually lost
as the emotional flood of ecstacy deluge their very souls.  The
endless cascade of pent-up passion, beyond verbal description,
inundate both.  
     And for the third time under Gene's exquisite ministerings,
Jill succumbs to the delight of an unspeakable orgasm.  It comes
on her without warning, as she is still enjoying the after shocks
of the previous climaxes, but this is different.  All blacks out. 
All she can comprehend is the endless rushes of Gene's penis deep
inside of her, squirting his aromatic semen again and again. 
With each ejaculation she feels his penis jerk, her vaginal walls
contracting tightly around as if to extract every drop and she
feels another load of cum stagger up his vas.  Jill lay in
blissful heaven as his load spews forth from her onto the sacred
altar.  The physical sensations are clear, the mental were truly
beyond mortal words.  It is not within Man's ken to actually see
God, yet, as the electrical tingling consumes their earthly
bodies they know that if they were only to open their eyes they
would see All.  
     As the waves of passion swiftly, joyously ravage them they
look.  Each sees the same thing, another Being, more beautiful
than their imaginations would have allowed, another Being
radiating holy light from luminous eyes - each other.   
     So overwhelmed are they that for the several minutes or so
that it takes Gene to complete his spontaneous, shivering
ejaculations they both lay motionless.  Motionless, save a slight
quiver in Gene's haunches delivering each squirt.
     All else is silent, in respect, as the two lie savoring the
moment, the Ultimate Moment.  
     At long last Jill whispers, "If it could only be like this
every time, wouldn't that be wonderful?"  
     "It will be!"
     "It certainly will be, Jill, but there are several others
here who seriously intend to challenge young Gene, here," says
Nevil, as he cautiously approaches the still radiating lovers.
     At that Gene laughs.  "We accept the challenge.  We won't
rest on our laurels, will we, Jill?" he says as he carefully
rolled off the lovely, still breathing laboriously.
     "Yes, Gene, but another time, please, Nevil," replies Jill.
     "Wait a minute.  It is not fair for you to quit now.  I have
a proposal that might interest you, Jill," Nevil argues,
whispering the latter in her ear.
     As he lies down beside her in the warm spot vacated by Gene,
he continues to whisper words of encouragement in her ear.
     "I know you have been through a lot, but you cannot refuse
this.  All you have to do is relax and let me do everything.
     "It has come to my attention that on rare occasions you look
favorably on anal intercourse.  No, no, don't say anything, Jill. 
You may decline later after I have had my say, if you like. 
Well, personally, it has never appealed to me, after all, God
made the vagina to be fucked, right?
     "Anyway, I suppose the main reason why the thought would not
appeal to most women is, . . . , well look, look at all of those
guys out there with those big, monstrous pricks standing up and
staring at you (well, at least some of them are standing up). 
Personally, I wouldn't like one of those things stuck up my ass. 

"Jill, I want you to look, no, just feel, what I have here.  It
may not be impressive, but there are several advantages:  it is
slim, no, skinny; it is fairly long; it is always well lubricated
by my juices and foreskin; and it is operated by a very gentle
and caring guy.  Now how could you turn away this?"
     By now all were clearly familiar with the kindness and
thoughtfulness of Jill.  She would never want to offend anyone
who was trying to please.  How could she say, "no."
     "Oh, you guys are all so nice.  But, Nevil, I just can't do
it.  I am totally fatigued and spent.  I just want to go to
sleep.  Please let me be."  And she reaches over and gives Nevil
a nice polite kiss on the lips.
     That was a mistake.  Nevil quickly reaches for her and pulls
her to him for a long, long, long passionate kiss that must have
lasted five minutes.  The first few seconds of it saw Jill sort
of struggling to get out of his grip.  The last few minutes of it
saw her enthusiastically encompassing Nevil in her long, elegant
arms.  
     After an agonizing expanse of time (for the exhausted
friends watching fascinatedly) she releases her grip and sort of
begins to explore his back, then other places on his body.  
     It is clear that she is fascinated by Nevil's introduction
because soon she moves her free hand from around his back to the
front and down his muscular frame to his patiently poised penis. 
What she finds fascinates her.  It is indeed slim, not more than
an inch in diameter, but it is very long.  And even though he had
not had access to her brimming vagina, it is sort of moist, and
when she slips his foreskin back to gently explore his glans it
definitely feels lubricated.  It is a nice feeling.  
     Although her vagina sort of felt like more company, she
thought, "Why not."  And whispers, "Nevil, if you will be real
gentle you may."
     "Ah, my lady, my lovely, lovely lady, you shall not even
know I am there until your orgasm envelopes you with its
miraculous cloud." 
     What followed was an amazing display of exquisite
"foreplay."  And the responses it elicited from Jill support the
use of the word "play."  She would alternate between passionate
groans to delightful tittering.  Nevil alternated between gentle
and sensual manipulation of each and every one of her erogenous
areas, some she didn't even know she had, like the soft skin
beneath her toe joints, and playful snuggles.  And there was the
nearly constant whisperings of sweet and seductive "nothings" in
her ear.  
     [It is not necessary to go into great detail here as it is
more advisable for the reader to experiment, to try EVERYTHING,
when in a similar situation.  Nevil had one major advantage that
we common "mortals" lacked and that was an inherent knack to know
what was sensual to Jill and what was not.  The rest of us must
do something and try to gauge the response.  Just let me say that
after nearly an hour Jill had forgotten her initial reluctance. 
But let me also say that Nevil did not bring her to any orgasms,
either.  As soon as she would approach one he would carefully and
delicately back her away, just at the edge of the abyss and then
continue.  Each time she approached this exquisite brink grew
higher and more fantastic.]
     "Oh God, Nevil, I can't take any more.
     Seemingly in response, Nevil gets up from the bed and steps
aside.  But, almost as if it was planned, Max, with an enormous
erection steps in and assists the virtually helpless Jill up on
the edge of the bed.  It is not clear that she even notices who
was helping her, or maybe she doesn't care.
     For an instant she balances precariously on the edge with
her lovely legs hanging over.  Max extends one warm hand, cupping
her luscious, ivory breasts, first one, then, slowly, the other. 
She sighs.  Bolder now, his other hand begins to caress her
delicate velveteen flanks and hips. 
     Then with a burst on energy, Jill, with Max's needed help,
swings one silky leg across his body to straddle his hips, her
slavering, hot vagina near his cock.
     For a second, as Jill straddles Max, she grasps the hard
pulsing warmth of his cock in her hand.  She draws the soft head
of his cock up against her mons, using a slow circular motion to
transfer her slippery juices to his awaiting pole. The rosy glans
of his cock parts the soft hair covered opening and strokes the
pink, swollen lips of her vagina, opening the lips more until his
glans is tucked into the cleft.  He then raises her slightly,
with Jill guiding his cock, sliding it into her by lowering her
firmly.
     Worming his cock deeper into her belly, Max feels the
exquisite warmth of her soul.  Until, suddenly he arches his
loins, driving his cock the last inch, feeling the soft hair on
her cunt tickling his belly.  All this time Jill passively
accepts his invasion, her strength having drained.  Now he holds
her still savoring the feeling.
     At that moment Nevil returns, his slender, but die-straight
cock providing Jill with some warning that he was on the way.
     His slim organ is standing straight out in front of him,
throbbing in anticipation of the heavenly moment approaching. 
His hairless testicles, obscenely bloated, swing pendulously, as
his hand grasps the base of the steel-hard rod.  The bluish veins
stand out and the glans turns dark purple.  Holding and caressing
her lovely curved buttocks, Nevil moves a step closer until his
cock touches her rounded, cleft ass. 
     He raises his cock head to the slitted opening she presents.
Nevil moves even closer, his prick nudging at her gently curving,
satan flanks, until it centers on the opening she offers with her
luscious ass waving slightly. 
     Nevil leans his weight against Jill, the head of his prick
slides into her opening like butter, smoothly gliding inside her
belly, the narrow head of his prick an arrow for his root to
follow. 
     He gently presses his length into her as she moans her
pleasure, wriggling her ass to help him insert the entire penis
deep inside of her.  The serpent slithers into her deeper and
deeper. She puts one hand behind her, groping for his balls,
apparently delighted to feel how much of his organ she has
captured on the first stroke. 
     With a grunt of pleasure Nevil slips all of the way home.
     Now Jill is truly full of manhood, a hot hard throbbing one
fully absorbed in her vagina, caressing her cervix and a long
slim one beating in near perfect time buried completely in her
anus.
     All pause to savory this moment.  Then very slowly Nevil
begins to withdraw his stiletto until only the head is nestled
between the outer lips of her buttocks and Max and Nevil together
share in lifting Jill off of Max's cock.  
     They do not pause here, but quickly in unison they all slip
back together in one long, smooth stroke. 
     When rejoined, they paused again.  Jill takes advantage of
it to tenderly caress their testicles, rolling each gently,
marveling at the softness of the skin, feeling the swelling
shapes beneath the smooth outer covering, exploring their cock
roots.
     Jill squirms in delight as her clitoris rubs against the
hairy mound above Max's prick. Her movement is totally
involuntary.
     Max is assured that Nevil will control the tempo to his
liking, so he releases his grip on Jill's soft hips and turns his
attention to her breasts and erect nipples exposed for him to
savor.
     Nevil continues to grip her hips with both hands. 
Instinctively, he can tell the pace Jill desires and alters his
hip motion and Jill's movement together, with Max helpless
beneath them.  He remains content to be paced by them. 
     They maintain this perfectly tuned mime for more than twenty
minutes, never pausing for more than a few seconds and never
letting up their intensity; in fact, the cadence imperceptibly
escalates along with their passion.
     Finally, they reached a point where Jill can bear it no
longer.  Wildly, Jill flings her arms out and wails, "God, I am
going to die.  Ohhhh.... Ohhh... Ohh.  Stop.  I can't stand it." 
Her voiced raises higher and higher as she desperately tries to
extract herself from the sandwich she is in.  
     And for the umpteenth time she is engulfed in a brilliant
cataclysmic, orgasmic tide that begins to ripple from her belly
and surge through her lovely body.  If she had been unsupported
it is certain she would have crumbled beneath the onslaught, but
ever-faithful and gentle Nevil holds up her hips, sustaining the
feverish tempo, while muscular, yet sensitive, Max supports her
upper body in his strong arms, long ago sensing that Jill's need
for additional sensual stimulation was waning. 
     But Max and Nevil are not about to cut short their
endeavors.  
For nearly five more minutes they continue their insatiable
pumping into the apparently satiated Jill, who has ostensibly
swooned, at least, no more sound emits from her lips, except an
even, yet heavy and impassioned, breathing.
     Nevil is near his end, yet his lunges against her backside
still caused his belly to noisily slap against the full curves of
her rounded bottom.  His swelling testicles almost painfully bang
against her perineum.    
     With no warning, Jill awakens from her "slumber," looks into
Max's eyes, smiles and quietly says, "It's wonderful.  Two cocks. 
I love it.  Fucked by two cocks."
     Then she gives an unearthly moan, that begins deep inside
her and slowly rises and soars higher and higher, following the
trail of her grand and glorious orgasm.
     Jill's eyes roll up as she feels the ecstasy.  "Nevil, fuck
my ass.  Max, fuck my pussy.  Fuck me.  Both of you, fuck me. 
Fuck me!  Oh!  Oh!  Oh my, fuck me!  I'm cumming!  I'm cumming! 
FUCK ME!"
     "Fuck my ass, Nevil, Fuck it."  Her voice rises to as high a
pitch as any soprano would dream of and full of heart-felt,
exhausting pleasure, screams, "Fuck.  Fuck!  FUCK ME!  I'm
cumming.  I'm really cumming.  Keep fucking.  PLEASE!  Keep
fucking my ass.  FUCK my cunt!  Fuck my ass!"  
     The last few words never really make it out of her mouth,
but Nevil and Max know what they are. 
     "I'm cumming, too!" groans Max and Nevil in exact unison.
     "Fuck me.  Fuck my ass, Nevil.  Fuck my cunt, Max.  Do it. 
Harder, harder, I'm cumming.  Fuck me, oh!  Fuck me.  FUCK ME!"
she finally shouts at the top of her lungs.
     "NOW!  Shoot in me.  Cum inside me.  Cream my pussy.  Cream
my ass.  Let me feel it shoot into my cunt!"
     Jill continues to alternately moan and scream, louder and
louder.  They stroke faster and faster, and pull out further and
further.  And penetrate deeper and deeper.
     Then Nevil pulls himself nearly out of Jill until his head
just about surfaces.  The tight sphincter muscle clamps over it
trying to help prevent total withdrawal and prevent breaking the
continuous spell of pleasure Jill is obviously experiencing in
their able "hands."  And simultaneously he raises her until she
nearly expels Max's bloated cock.  Max, expecting to lose Jill
quickly grabs her around the shoulders.
     All hell (or should I say, heaven) brakes loose at that
instant.  Max pulls Jill back to him, sinking his erupting cock
to the hilt in her flooded vagina.  Nevil, his slim cock having
swelled to a much larger diameter, thunders full length into her
body as he falls upon both of them, in the grip of his climax.
     The initial shots of semen penetrate her very soul.  Hot
searing floods of cum follow.  Everything about these guys is
superlative.  They just keep cumming and cumming, but
differently.  Nevil cums in her anus in short strong surges of
cum.  Max, in her vagina, cums with long, hard, steady floods,
each one lasting several seconds.  
     Jill hears Nevil snort, Max moan, their heavy gasping
beating in time to their ejaculations.  
     Max's able stallion-cock, tightly presses to her cervix,
pulses and spits its contents of sperm, squirting the sticky
juice into her belly, against the deepest recesses of her vagina. 
The gushing juice fills her cunt, as he continues to expend spurt
after spurt, into her soft pinkness. 
     The hot wetness spurting deep within her, causes Jill
incredible pleasure.  She presses her mons tightly against Max's
belly, sinking his spurting cock even deeper so that she can feel
the pulsations as the spermy liquid leap from the slitted
opening, into her succulent cunt.  Nevil follows by pressing even
closer to her silky buttocks.
     Jill moans, feeling the hot gushing creamy juice fill her
cave, marveling at the warmth of their ejections and the
sensitive pressure they put so deeply inside her writhing belly. 
     Holding stationary, as she feels them cum, she revels.  The
feel of these practically unending spurts intensify her already
near-perfect orgasm.
     Jill really wants to reach down to their balls to see if she
can detect the end, but she can not move, all her strength having
totally abandoned her.
     For ten minutes they lie locked together.  The men still
occasionally ejaculating a little more semen every time one of
them squirmed.
     Jill's voice was barely more than a whisper as she lay with
her face buried by Max's head, "I am finished!  My God, my God, I
am finished."
     Sated, and softening, Nevil can still feel her faint
involuntary rhythmic pulsations as he slowly withdraws and let
his prick slowly release from her ass.  Sperm still dribbles from
the tip as it shrinks and tightens toward his belly.  
     The rest of the men quickly come over and gently lift Jill
off of Max.  For an instant Jill whimpers and gives a feeble
effort to try to keep him inside of her, but she does not have
the strength.  They carefully lie her on the bed next to Max.  
     For several moments all stare in amazement at the vision of
loveliness before them.  This is a beauty of beauties.  Behold,
the lovely, perfect person who would make both Venus and
Aphrodite green with envy.  She lies as if in a deep sleep, with
a beatific and contented and fulfilled smile on her exquisite
face.  They find it inconceivable that they have supped and
partaken of the charms at this holy shrine of wondrous splendor. 

Only the future would make them believers.  Although from the
looks of all of them and their manhoods at rigid attention
saluting this graceful, supine vision, the future was too far
away for them.
     As she lay sleeping peacefully they are silent still living
the previous many hours.  As they reluctantly turn to leave, Jack
gently covers, almost a sacrilege, Jill's beautiful nude body. 
He casually wonders aloud, "I wonder what she will think the
wedding presents you guys got her, the German Shepherd and pony?"

--
