Archive-name: Bondage/weekend.txt
Archive-author: Bill
Archive-title: Weekend, The


   There's this tall brunette at work, let's call her Erica, who I've grown to
know quite well.  Let's just say that even though I try to help all those who
ask for help, she's thought that I was kind of special in that way.  Since her
first day at work I helped her adjust to our environment and feel more
comfortable.  Eventually people could see us taking lunch breaks together.
Nothing much happened beyond that, however, as I'm already happily married to my
lovely wife, who for this story I'll call Lola.
   As it happened one day during lunch, Erica, who is usually fairly stoic about
her emotions, broke down and started telling me about her breakup with the guy
she was seeing for the past year.  For the next half hour, her frustrations and
depression and anger became more and more evident.  When lunch hour was up, she
asked me "can you spend some time with me after work?  I really don't want to be
alone right now."
   Well, after listening to such an outpouring of emotion, it was kind of hard
for me to keep my mind on my work and not to think about and sympathize with
Erica's problems.  So finally, after work, I drove her home.  She was noticably
silent through the whole ride.  She asked me in, and I accepted, though saying
that I could only stay a few minutes.  Once inside, she hugged me, clung to me.
In a friendly sort of way I returned the hug.  I assumed she just wanted
someone's shoulder to cry on.  As her lips slowly drifted towards mine, though,
I gently pushed her away, saying sorry and reminding her that I was married.
She then told me "but I love you..."  Thoughts started rushing through my head,
was she saying this only because of her recent trauma?  is she mistaking
gratitude and intimacy for love? I couldn't say.  I decided to try to scare her
away.  I told her "I love my wife very much, and I can't bring myself to having
an affair behind her back.  But perhaps if you'd like to join us..."
   Well, she did stop and look at me strangely, but then that look melted back
into that look of longing and infatuation, as she bowed her head and said "yes,
whatever would make you happy."  This answer caught me unexpectedly.  I tried
again to scare her away by warning her "You might not like what we do. I like to
tie up and 'do S&M' to my Lola.  I enjoy abusing and hurting helpless victims.
You can still back away now, I'm giving you this chance... unless you wouldn't
mind being tied up and having intense pain inflicted on you."  Again that look
of disbelief flashed across her face.  In her typically stoic reaction, she
looked down, and after another moment of silence she said "I didn't know you
were the type."  "We all have thoughts locked within us that would shame hell,"
I told her, "and I can't change who I am."  She admitted to me that she's never
been, well, tied up before, and that she was interested, "only because I trust
you so much."
   Exasperated, I rationalized it out to myself that I shouldn't feel guilty
then, that it wasn't like I was sneaking around or anything, so I gave in and
said "Fine, I will pick you up from work on friday, and you will not see the
outside world again until monday, when I drive you back to work.  While you are
in my house you may not disobey any of my orders.  That's the way I run my
household.  Understood?"  I guess it was as surprising for me to see her getting
excited about this as it was for her to find out a little about my private life,
but I could see her excitement was cheering her up.  "Since you've never done
this before, I'll go a bit easier on you."  I felt good for her, and strangely
happy about myself as we said "good-bye," "see you tomorrow at work," and
"thank-you for the ride."
   On my way back home, I was thinking how lucky things were turning out the way
they were.  As so happened, a couple of days ago Lola, who I guess was bottling
up a lot of emotion about Erica, exploded at me, accusing me of secretly loving
Erica over her.  This was surprising to me because I trusted her enough to tell
her about almost anything, including those things that may have seemed almost
questionable.  If anything I thought she would trust me back.  "Who, Bill (my
name in this story), sneaking around?," I hear her say in my mind, "Impossible!
He tells me >everything!<"  I guess I was wrong, and the shouting match
escalated and we began calling each other names.  Horrible names.  I finally
shouted that obviously, since we both had so much to hate about each other, we
should sit right down here at the table and write down everything about each
other that we hate.  She more than agreed, in fact stormed out and came back
with a stack of loose-leafs and a fist full of pens and yelled back "Alright,
start writing!"
   After about an hour of furiously writing, looking up to glare at each other,
then bending down again of more furious writing, she yelled out at me (a little
less energetically this time) "Finished?!?"  I looked at her and said "No!!" and
kept writing.  She snapped out "Slowpoke!" and bent down to write some more.  I
then snapped back "I'm finished.  Let's trade."
   The atmosphere totally changed in the next few seconds, as she looked at my
sheets and immediately flung them aside, then threw herself at me, trying to get
at her comments in my hands as I twisted as best I could away from her.  "No
fair!," she called out, "no fair! no fair!", for on the sheets I gave her, I
covered them with writing, repeating the words 'I LOVE YOU' over and over.
   After a few minutes we sat down on the couch and cuddled next to each other.
After what seemed like an hour later, she whispered out in a soft, almost teary
voice, "I love you, too."  A while later, she whispered "I'm sorry.  What you
just did just showed me how much you love me, and how I don't have to worry
about losing you after all.  Please give me back my comments!  You know I didn't
mean anything I wrote on them."
   I told her "I know you didn't mean anything, but the passion with which you
wrote them shows through.  I'm going to keep them as a token of your love."
Then, with a mock-stern face, I said "I'm afraid, though, that I'm going to have
to punish you next weekend for not trusting me before."  She looked up at me
with wide eyes, then put her head back down on my shoulder as I stroked her's.
We had great sex that night.
   That was monday, and the day I talked to Erica was a couple of days later.
Originally I thought that I was going to have a lot of fun thinking of things to
do with Lola, but now I had to get busy getting the dungeon ready for both Lola
and Erica.  This was an interesting time for me, for I was thinking of harsher-
than-usual things to do with Lola while at the same time thinking about how to
go about it easy with Erica.  Erica's situation was especially hard because,
though Lola and I started out gently with each other too, over the years we've
grown used to progressively higher and higher intensity.  Actually, what I told
Erica about me and Lola was only half-truths: I'm not always the dominant, we
often switch around.  I also don't enjoy punishing Lola per se, most of the joy
comes from the knowledge that Lola is enjoying what I do to her, and also the
knowledge that part of her joy comes from the fact that I am the one doing these
things and am happy as well.  It's a never-ending growing process.
   Usually Lola isn't this submissive, though.  The bondage games we play really
don't involve "tops" and "bottoms" per se, more like "equals, but trying to
double-cross and take advantage."  For instance, sometimes one of us
spontaneously playfully attacks the other and tries to tie that person down.  Of
course, it's not guaranteed that the initiator will win, we have an agreement
that whoever says the magic word is to give up until the other finishes tying
and says "You're free to struggle" (or something).  Physically we're pretty much
evenly matched, though I'm stronger, she's about a couple of inches taller than
me and knows how to use leverage.  We both also trained in the martial arts so
we can more or less control ourselves and have more fun at it, not to mention
being more flexible for the winner to tie and watch!  We break rules all the
time, though.  Like once I tied her in a hogtie, her legs tied at the knees and
ankles, her hands behind and against the small of her back, with about 2' of
rope running from her wrists to her ankles, and without saying she was free to
struggle, I proceeded to mercilessly tickle her.  (this is one of my GIF
pictures)  Of course she got me back the next week!
   Sometimes, though, I'd say "I have a surprise for you next week," and she'd
>know< I had bondage plans for her but would have to wait a week, excited, while
I kept the door to the basement locked to work on my plans.  Sometimes, though,
I'd kept the basement open, so that she could walk down at her leisure and not
know what all the stuff was for.  This would get her fertile imagination going,
which would keep her excited in a different way until the weekend (sometimes,
too, she'd make plans of her own how to turn the tables on me).  And then some
times we'd trick each other, but we'd never do the same thing twice.  The
variety is one of the reasons why I remain happily loyal to Lola!
   So today the friday came.  I guess Erica had some pretty bizzare (or maybe
pretty standard) ideas what S&M was all about, for she wore leather boots,
gloves, and jacket, fishnet stockings underneath a tight skirt, and a beige
sweater that was a bit tight.  A messy hairdo that vaguely resembled a heavy
metal star's... And the makeup, ugh, pretty thick!  I tried to aviod her all
day, it was very embarrassing to be even >seen< with her!  I guess I exagerated
a bit when I told her S&M, we're actually quite vanilla about bondage.  After a
long day at work, I told her I appreciated her trying to get into the mood for
the weekend, but the makeup would scare Lola, and to please go to the bathroom
to wash the stuff off.  I sensed a bit of hurt, but she complied.  Afterwards I
drove her back to my house.
   Before getting out of the car, I had Erica take off her jacket and turn so
that her back was towards me.  I then handcuffed her gloved hands behind her and
draped the jacket back on her shoulders.  Then I attached the keys to the
handcuffs to a 3' long string loop and loosely hung it around her neck.  I can
sense Erica stiffening with anticipation.  Then I lead her to the front door.  I
rang the doorbell, then unlocked the door.  The doorbell was to alert Lola I was
home.  As I came in, I saw Lola, totally nude, in the foyer kneeling, back on
her heels, knees wide, back slightly arched and hands behind her neck, elbows
wide.  I can tell she had been looking forward to this weekend, but I can also
tell she was surprised by the guest by her sudden change in facial expression as
she quickly sat back on her bottom and tried to cover herself as best she could
with her legs and arms.  I closed the door behind me and told her "Lola, this is
Erica.  Instead of having an affair with her, I have brought her home to be our
playmate.  She will share in and be a part of your punishment this weekend."
Lola's mouth stayed hung open in disbelief as I told Erica "Lola will get you
ready for me.  Do as she says."  Then I told Lola to stand up.  Grabbing her
hand with one hand, and Erica's handcuff key in the other, I brought them
together and said "prepare her.  I want you two waiting for me in the usual
position downstairs.  Leave her clothes with me."  We had a devil of a time
trying to get Erica's boots off (no shoes permitted in our house), then Lola led
Erica into the bathroom by the key necklace.
*                                   *                                   *
   The night begins.  My two lovely slaves-for-the-weekend, Erica the taller
brunette, and Lola the more petit blonde, await downstairs for me in the
basement.  I can see Lola has groomed Erica well, her hair is now nice, smooth,
silky and straight.  Erica has on nothing but a collar, about 4 inches in front
tapering to about 2.5 inches in back, to keep her head straight.  A small D-ring
protrudes from both the front and the back of the collar, for more flexibility
in securing her.  A ball-gag is secured to the back of the collar, and both are
locked together with a single small lock. Her arms are stretched above her
loosely by a set of handcuffs hanging from a ring from a chain from the ceiling
rafters. Lola is dressed similarly next to Erica.  She's done a fine job
preparing both of them for me.
   I take out this stout wooden 4X4 frame and lay it out in the middle of the
basement, underneath this pully I have hanging from the ceiling.  I have three
eye-bolts attached to the frame tonight, two on opposite ends of on side, and
one in the middle of the other side.
   I tie a 5' piece of rope around Erica's waist, knotting it in the back and
leaving about a 2' piece dangling down.  Then I take a 12' long piece of rope,
and release Erica's wrists from the handcuffs.  I use about 2' to re-tie her
wrists behind her securely, tying around both wrists as well as in between. The
rest of the rope I use to secure her upper arms to her thorax, both above and
below her breasts.  To both conserve rope and make the bonds a bit tighter, I
tie her upper arms in a position so that they're slightly behind her thorax. Her
arms, then, have this tendency to move outwards, which only serves to tighten
the rope.  Plus, aesthetically it also puts a slight arch on her back. She looks
beautiful from the front so far...
   I thread the end of the 2' dangling waist rope between her wrists, over her
wrist bonds, down below her crotch and tie tightly to her waist rope in front,
making sure the rope fits snuggly between the lips of her labia minora.  Now
every movement she makes with her hands produces changes on the pressure in her
crotch rope, which among other things slightly chafes along her sensitive lips
(and I see getting moist in the process!) and puts little rubbing motions on her
mons pubis, which contains her clitoris which by now has retracted a bit beneath
her folds of skin, indicating her extreme arousal by now.  The chest ropes do
two things: they decrease the freedom of movement of her arms, so even though
two of the four knots I tied on her are but inches from her hands, she has no
way of reaching them (to her frustration/happiness, especially while trying!),
and the chest ropes decreases her thorax flexiblity so she is forced to breathe
more using her abdominals. This is interesting for me to see, for as she gets
excited, she breathes faster and harder, and the abdominal breathing likewise
changes pressure on her crotch rope.
   Grabbing her by the chest ropes between her breasts with one hand, and taking
the pair of handcuffs with the other, I lead her to the spot on the floor
immediately adjacent to the wooden frame, near the single eye-bolt.  I lay her
on her back, with her neck just over the iron ring.  I secure her neck there
with the handcuff by threading one end of the handcuff through the ring and
hooking onto the D-ring in back of her collar. To secure her more to my
satisfaction, I take a few more short lengths of rope and, one by one, bend her
knees and tie her ankles to her upper thighs. Now, the only movements permitted
by her legs serve only to rub her labia against her crotch rope.
   I grab a 20' rope and turn my attentions to Lola.  Yes, she was the 'bad'
girl this week, so I must punish her a bit more severely.  I unlock her from her
handcuffs overhead, and cross her wrists behind her so that they both turn away
from her, and tie her wrists together in a '3-D X-pattern.'  This tie serves to
make her feel more helpless and, since both her palms are exposed to me, more
vulnerable. The way her arms are twisted outward slightly in this position gives
her little leverage to do much, not that she could in any other tie.
   To continue, I have left a 3' section dangling from one side of the wrist
knot and the rest of the long piece of rope on the other side.  With the two
ends of the rope I tie around her waist, knotting them in front.  Now what's
left is a long rope dangling in front of her.  Her wrists are now secured to the
small of her back. Using the free rope, I lead her to the middle of the wooden
frame and, facing her towards the single eyebolt and Erica, tell her to kneel.
As usual, she kneels with her knees spread.  I take a couple of lengths of rope
and, one by one, tie her ankles to the rings on the corners of the frame. I then
unlock the free end of the handcuffs that were holding Erica's neck to the third
ring, and lock it to the D-ring in front of Lola's collar.  So now you can
picture handcuffs, going through the ring, holding two necks.  Lola can see
Erica, but Erica in her position can't really see what's happening behind her,
except that Lola's close by!  This sets the stage for the fun now...
   So you see Lola, not quite spread-eagled, but kneeling uncomfortably with her
head down, with her bottom helplessly exposed, and with her hands in no position
to help her.  I grab the end of the long rope that was dangling from her waist
rope, thread it through the large triangle formed by her thighs and the
floor,bring it up and thread it through the pulley above the frame.  I pull it
down until the slack goes away and tightens a bit, as I watch Lola's fingers
curl helplessly at the air as she gets an idea of what I am about to do.  All
Erica sees now is a rope comming down from the pulley.  I make sure the rope in
Lola's crotch is fitting snuggly between her lips and crevice between her
cheeks, then go over to Erica.  I untie her right leg, then pull it straight up
until it sticks straight into the air.  As I hold her leg in my right hand I
pull the rope in my left until Lola is forced to raise her bottom higher into
the air, but not quite so high that her knees have to leave the floor.  I tie
the rope to Erica's leg now. There is no way for Lola to tell Erica her
predicament, but from the sounds Lola makes whenever Erica moves her right leg
(which is going to be pretty frequent, when her leg starts to get tired in that
position)...
   In all fairness I let Erica know what's going on (sort of), by telling her
since it's going to be a long night, I'll let the two play with each other for a
while while I go get a cup of coffee.  I then get a 1/4" wooden dowel (available
in any balsa-wood section of hobby stores) and leave it next to Lola so only she
can see it.  Her eyes, which grew wide with anticipation as she saw it, made me
smile a bit... (this is one of my GIF pictures)
   While comming back I'm not halfway downstairs when I can already hear the
muffled groans and the mews.  I kneel on one knee next to Lola, and gently
stroke her vaginal lips with one hand, the crotch rope between two fingers.  I
go "aww, does that hurt?"  I can feel her warm gooey arousal as I get up, pat
her bottom a few times and sit down next to Erica.  I start teasing her breasts,
stroking stroking them, and lightly tweaking her nipples.  That tweak really got
her, as her leg jerked and Lola tried to yelp.  A few more tweaks and I can see
that she is >very< sensitive in that area.  I slowly stroke and rub Erica all
over, face, shoulders, breasts, ribs, stomach, thighs, gradually working down to
her vagina.  By now it's glistening.  As I cup her vagina I can feel how much
the rope is moving and changing pressure, and even though her right leg isn't
moving much due to its position, her left knee gives away how much she's
straining against her bonds.  Her left leg is moving everywhere as I apply
pressure with my palm to her vagina and clitoris, and causes Lola's mews to get
more frantic.  Erica's head is leaning back, her eyes are closed as her head
rolls side to side, carefull not to lose contact with Lola's head or they'll
collide again.  Meanwhile my member is throbbing and I feel as if I must relieve
myself.  The hand over the vagina is very slippery so I rub Erica's legs,
thighs, body, breasts in trying to dry it off.  "You like this, don't you?" I
ask her.  She tries her best to nod, not easy with the collar on, as she's
finding out!  I kneel between her legs, put on a condom, then untie the knot at
her belly button and release the rope blocking her vaginal enterance.  I then
position the head of my penis at her entrance.  There's very little stopping her
orgasm, and as I brush aside her left knee so I can bend over her, she goes over
the brink.  I lower my head at the junction between her head and shoulders. I
breath in the smell of the leather collar and the moistness of her sweat as I
passionately suck her skin, penetrate her vagina, stroke her right breast and
her left leg.  I thrust a couple of more times and realize I can't hold on much
longer, either.  I just squeeze with all my might, as she squeezes my penis with
her vaginal muscles, and I come and come...
   Still a bit lightheaded from the ejaculation, I come sit down next to Lola. I
leave Erica the way she is, without the crotch rope, to recover. I press Lola's
crotch rope against her rectum with my thumb, and with the rest of my hand I
press against her vulva and lower belly.  With my hand in this position I lift
Lola up a little off her knees with my palm.  In this way I support her and let
her relax a bit against the relentless pressure caused by the rope tied to
Erica's leg.  Then I gently let her down again, then stroke the inside of her
thighs with my wet hand to dry it.  The cooling effect of her juices on her own
skin only serve to remind her of how helpless she is right now.  I marvel at the
dichotomy here, here I am sitting crosslegged very relaxed, touching her at will
and she can't do anything about it!  I tell her that and it gets to her, she
tries in vain to struggle, then abruptly stops.
   I pick up the 1/4" dowel and swing it in the air, enjoying the 'whoosh' sound
it makes when it flies through the air at that speed.  I can see she's cringing
at every 'whoosh.'  After a while I finally hit her very exposed bottom.
Actually, it was more of a light tap.  She jerked and cringed anyway, as she was
expecting a >little< more.  Her hands were really busy twisting as her fingers
were curling and uncurling.  I kept tapping her at odd moments, but she kept
cringing for she knew when she least expected it I would use a much harder,
stinging blow.  Her mewing began to get shakey as I continued, but eventually
she stopped cringing, whether from exhaustion or giving up I don't know.  So I
finally give her a good whack across her bottom.  I think she welcomed it, as
the anticipation was driving her nuts.  "Straighten your knees" I told her, and
she tried to do a little balancing act with her head against Erica's and tried
to push off her knees off the floor.  "Erica, stop acting like a slut and lower
your obscene leg" I told Erica, and she tried to comply, which helped Lola a
bit.  I put my hand against her crotch again and helped her up.  Now she stands,
bent over, in a very precarious position.  I whacked her again, and she almost
falls, fingers curling like mad.  I allow her to gently lower herself.  Then I
whacked her behind her lower thigh.  The good thing about this thin dowel is
that I have almost absolute control over where it hits, and its stings are
localized intensely in a small area.  Plus I really don't have to use much skill
or timing to get it right, unlike a whip.  Again I tap, and caress her welts
with the dowel.  Whack!  on her bottom.  More tapping and caressing.  Whack!
both cheeks.  Whack!  behind her thighs.   More tapping and caressing.  This
time I use a hand to caress.  She's not sure if I stopped yet, but she enjoyes
how I massage her welts.  Whack!  Whack!  Despite her immobility I can see she's
really straining against her bonds.  I can also see that tears have welled up so
much a couple of drops have made it down her nose and dripped to the floor.
   Finally, my penis is getting painfully engorged again, so I stop and go untie
Erica.  I untie her legs and unlock her neck from the handcuffs.  I leave her
arms tied.  Lola, whose bottom has been strung uncomfortably high for a while,
now has a chance to recover.  I gently pinch one of Erica's nipple and pull up,
forcing her to stand up.  Her lips are busy silently protesting around the ball
gag as I continue using the nipple to lead her to my adjustable cross.  It's a
smooth piece of 2X4 that's angled 60 degrees from the ground and reaches the
ceiling.  On it I have already positioned a crosspiece at about head level.  I
make Erica face the cross on the ascending side, and tie a piece of rope from
her front collar D-ring to the cross.  Then I untie her arms and hands, then
retie her hands in front of her, leaving a length of rope dangling.  I use this
rope to tie her hands to the crossbar, then I release her leash.  Now she's tied
with her hands stretched above her, leaning on and straddling a leaning cross.
I see how lovely Erica is in this position, as I debate whether or not to change
my plans to just leave her like that and cross her ankles and tie them against
the cross.  Actually, I like my first idea better:
   I tie a rope to her left ankle, then tie that rope to the left side of the
cross-piece.  Her left leg is now stretched high in the air to her left.  When I
do the same thing to Lola, I guess because of our martial arts training she's
flexible enough to hold that position while standing on her right leg.  Erica
has to sit on the cross and squeeze with her right leg to keep her balance.  I
finish the job by taking Erica's right ankle and hanging that from the right
side of the cross-piece.  Now she's precariously balanced, doubled over, with
legs spread.  I untie her hands and gently let her body unbend.  I keep her
hands above her head as I tie them tightly to the bottom of the cross, so that
now she's upside-down and stretched out with her legs spread.  Being upside-down
does wonders to the female figure, her breasts hang towards her head a bit and
take on a whole new shape, her abdomen is now smaller as a lot of her internal
organs are pushed against her diaphragm, and thus it becomes necessary to use
the chest to breathe.  Even her pubic area looks pleasantly different!  With all
that extra length of rope from her wrists I make sure her arms are stretched and
together, with her head resting on top of them.  Then I tie the rope around her
neck, through the D-ring in front of her collar, and around her arm pits.  Her
collar is thick enough and wide enough to prevent her from choking on the neck
rope, otherwise I wouldn't use that tie.  With her neck comfortably secured I
use the extra lenth of rope to lash her stomach to the cross.  She is a
beautiful sight to behold as I stroke her from her armpits to her ankles in one
sweep to make sure she knows how much exposed she is.
   Since I'm going to be leaving her in this position for a while, I'll leave
her some things to think about.  I take out a vibrator, and setting it on a low
level, insert it into her wet vagina.  In her position it will not fall out, and
any type of movement near her hips will force her to feel the weight of the
vibrator.  In fact I only insert it about a third of the way in and let go,
letting it sink in by itself.  I set it on a low level so she'll stay excited,
but not enough to go over the edge.  Then I stroke her nipples a bit and watch
her squirm.  I take out two clothespins, the wooden spring-action ones, and
attach them to her nipples.  Now any movement she makes near her thorax,
including her breathing, will cause the clothespins to throw their inertia
around, which I can see she feels.  Her upside down position causes her blood to
go to her head, which gives her a slightly dizzy sensation and leads to greater
levels of threshold before orgasm.  Here I will leave Erica while I attend to
Lola.  (I have a picture of this, too).
   Lola I release from the handcuff tethering her neck to the ring below her.  I
tell her to stand up, with her feet still tied wide apart and her hands still
lashed to the small of her back.  I get out my adjustable leg-spreader, and
fully contract it to its smallest of about 2 1/2' and tie each end to behind her
knees using lots of rope.  I untie her ankles and permit her a few awkward steps
with her thighs spread with the spreader.  While standing, I untie her wrists
and waist, then I retie her hands in front of her.  She's still underneath the
pulley, so I thread the end of her wrist ropes through it and pull down a bit.
I tell her to kneel, as I slowly let out the slack.  When she's down, she's
standing on her knees with her hands stretched above her.  With the loose end of
the rope from the pulley I thread down below her crotch, making sure the rope
passes between her labia minora, up behind her, through the crack of her bottom,
and then around the waist and the decending rope.  I loop a couple of times
around the waist and tie it off behind her.  She's strictly tied, but she can
still wiggle a bit.  Now to put on some pressure.
   I tell her to spread her knees.  The spreader I tied to her knees allows her
to spread but does not allow shrinkage back.  She does so awkwardly as the
spreader is spread until a small 'click' is heard, indicating a point of no
return.  Her posture is noticably straighter now, since as she spreads her knees
her crotch must go lower, which stretches the rope connecting that to her wrists
through the pulley overhead.  Since she can't spread her knees by herself
anymore, I pull her knees apart another notch with my hands.  'Click.'  her
front is as flat as a board now, with her breasts stretched up high and close
together with her arms lifted like that.  She's starting to have a bit of
difficulty breathing.  I tilt her head back, out of the way of her arms, to
slacken the arms a bit and also so she is forced to look up now, her head
trapped behind her arms.  'Click.'  "UUGH" she manages to say.  With her head
tilted up, her gag is forced into her mouth more.  She is really stretched, as
her abdomen is curving inward now and a thin sheet of sweat is developing over
her body.  Her ribs are prominent, as are all the muscles of her legs, hips,
back and shoulders straining under the pressure.  I stop pulling and tighten the
safety seal on the leg spreader. (I have a picture of this, too)
   As an added bonus to this, Erica has a head-on (albeit upside-down) view of
all this, since this is being done in front of her and is making her excited.
Erica tries to throw her hips around, to no avail, the way she's tied, and her
breaths are comming faster again, which in turn throws her breasts with the
clothespins around.  Her mewing is getting louder.
   I take out the dildo stool (without dildo, of course!) and sit next to Lola,
so she can see my face as I gently pinch her nipple.  I can see her grimace and
moan, but not anything she can do about it!  About the only things she can move
are her fingers and toes. Even her breating is a struggle for her now as she
takes short staccato breaths.  I playfully pull a bit on her crotch rope and let
it twang back.  I then take out a rubber band.  Just a plain old rubber band,
and dangle it above Lola's head to let her see it.  Her eyes grow wide with
panic and she sways a bit, but that's about all she can do.  I stretch the
rubberband between my left thumb and forefinger, and with my right thumb and
forefinger stretch it and let it go twang.  I grab the rubberband with my right
fingers again, and press my left thumb and forefinger on her thigh right above
her knee.  I can see she's trying to wiggle it, but try as she may she can't
escape the sudden sting I inflict on her when I snap the little rubber band.  I
finally snap the rubber band and watch her reaction.  I repeat the process, a
bit higher up on her thigh this time, then a little higher, then a little
higher... I come up to her labia minora now.  It's great how accurately I can
aim this thing.  I press my left thumb and forefinger on two points on the same
side of the crotch rope of her labia minora... >snap!<  She's trying to shrug
and contract her abdominal muscles.  Again tears well up in her eyes.  I
reposition my fingers so they're straddling her clitoral hood on one side of the
rope... she's trying to bend her body away from me now, but it's child's play
for my fingers to stay on those points, and >snap!<  Actually her lubrication on
the rubber band made it a bit harder to grab but more pleasant on my right
fingers to let go.  Her eyes are closed now but tiny streams of tears are
developing.  I continue snapping her up her abdomen.  It's amazing the different
ways she can try to contract her muscles to try to get away as I snap her belly
button, side, front, etc.  When I get up to her thorax, about all she can do is
try to expire as much as she can to contract her rib cage.  I work around her
thorax, up her sides to her armpits, and spiral around to her nipple.  When I
finally straddle her nipple, she's trying very hard to shake her head wildly,
which is pretty hard to do with her collar on and her tilted-up head position.
"OK" I said, as I gently pinch her nipple, pull it, and let it snap back.  I
stroke her labia minora with two fingers on either side of the rope, and when I
see her arousal becomming more and more intense I shorten her spreader a bit.
Instantly waves of tingling pleasure and relief course through her body as I
leave her this way and attend to Erica again.
   I stand next to Erica and tap on her vibrator "you really like this, don't
you?"  She nods the best she could.  I pull out her vibrator easily as I see her
hungry vaginal lips trying to suck it back in.  While I absentmindedly play with
her vulva I sniff, then kiss the dildo, savoring the aroma of her juices, which
is a bit different than Lola's.  "You'd like to come again, wouldn't you?"  She
made an even more heroic effort in nodding this time.  "OK" I say, but the look
in my eye told her it's not as how she'd expect.
   I untied her left ankle, then replaced it with a leather cuff which I chain
back to the crossbar end.  I do similarly to the right ankle.  So essentially
all I did was replace rope with chain and cuffs.  For what I am about to do I
trust the strength of chains a bit more than rope.  Also for what I am about to
do I like the quickness of which I can unlock her in case of an emergency.  I
untie the rest of her and put leather cuffs on her wrists, locking both cuffs
with one lock so that her wrists are now locked in front of her.  I thread a
rope through this lock and attach both ends of the rope to the rafters above, so
now she is suspended from her wrists with her body making a "C" shape down to
her spread legs.  I thread the rope through the lock likewise to make freeing
her easier.  I unattach the crossbar from the cross and secure an eye-bolt into
the middle.  This I tie with a rope to the rafters above, about 4' away from
where I tied her wrists.  This exposes her pubic area effectively at about my
chest to head level, depending on how she's struggling.  Also she's exposed all
the way around for me, not just the top.
   Suddenly I hear a sound behind me.  It seems like I left a bit too much slack
in my mercy (or Lola is getting more dextrous and flexible) for Lola has managed
to free her hands.  Rushing over to Lola, (for I don't want the tables turned on
me just >yet<), I quickly retie her hands behind her back with the long length
of rope.  This time I put the knot (hopefully) way out of her reach.  She put up
a fantastic struggle, but since her thighs were still spread it was no contest,
really.
   Usually when I plug her rectum, I use her chastity belt.  As you'll see, I
have other plans for that piece of equipment tonight, so I use the plug she uses
on me, the egg-shaped one connected to a plastic disc.  I put on a condom over
the plug for easier cleaning afterwards.  I plug her rectum, then I untie the
spreader bar from her, and to make her hands less dextrous I tie her hands to
her feet in a tight hogtie.  She's very flexible so I can pull her legs up and
tie her wrists on her ankles.  She's slightly bent backwards in this position,
so to make her more stiff I take the loose end of the long rope and thread it
through the D-ring at the back of her collar.  I pull on the rope gently until
her head tilts back slightly, and tie it there. This last tie not only prevents
her from turning herself over on her back, but also serves to force her to look
straight ahead. "If you get out of >this< one I'll make love to you."  I can see
her sudden frantic movements rocking her back and forth, not that she can move
much in any direction, but after a while I was convinced she can not escape.  I
turn her so that she is forced to watch Erica, who I hung so her bottom is
facing her.  (I have a picture of this too)
   I go get the chastity belt and dangle it in front of Erica.  First she had a
look of puzzlement, which dissolved into a look of disbelief and fear.  Though
the condom over the smaller butt plug was already lubricated, I further
lubricated it by inserting it into her still wet vagina.  I guess she wasn't as
fearful as I though if she was still this wet.  I pinched her nipples a bit and
stroked the inside of her thighs, and yes she became as wet as before so when I
took out the vibrator, it was well lubricated. I asked her "have you ever been
penetrated through her rectum?" and she shook her head no.  Lucky I chose the
smaller vibrator!  I gently tried to insert it in her rectum, she tried to jelly
up her rectum as much as possible but after a while we finally worked it in.
Then I inserted the other vibrator and finished locking the belt on her.  The
strap of the chastity belt spread the crack of her bottom nicely, for now even
more of her is exposed.  I turned on the vibrators and watched the fun! (I have
a picture of this as well)
   Meanwhile by looking at Lola it's not clear whether she's actually still
heroically struggling to get loose or if she's just extremely excited and trying
to stimulate herself enough to go over the edge.  She seems more trying to rub
her vulva against the carpet (by spreading her knees and rocking back and
wiggling her hips) than anything else right now, but it's hard to tell from her
strict position.  I know having her think about this weekend all week and
keeping her in an almost constant state of stimulation without release all night
has caused her to be quite sexually frustrated right now.
   By now my penis has become so engorged for so long that I can't really stand
it.  I'm not going to relieve myself in Lola, since I as part of her punishment
I don't want to bring her off until tomorrow at least, and Erica is not exactly
accessible right now.  Besides, I have other plans for her.  I turn away from
the two for a while to let me cool off.  I can hear in the background Lola's
heavy breathing, but that's being masked off by Erica's moanings and cries,
which are getting more and more frantic by the minute.  I pick up the dowel and
turn back to Erica, who is by now managing some kicks as she tries to bounce and
move her waist and hips to move the chastity belt locked on her.  I can see
she's very near now, so I want to have her orgasm this time with a bit of
stinging stimulation.  In her state she has closed her eyes and is moving her
head about wildly so she doesn't see me until I hit her across her bottom with
the dowel.  She jumps and freezes for a split second, then continues with
renewed fervor.  I sting her again, then again, then again a bit faster, by
which time she has orgasmed.  It was pretty long, her whole body stiffened up
and gradually, as her body became more relaxed, she sagged once again.  Before
she could recover enough so that the vibrators could stimulate her again, I
turned them off.  Though the control dials of the vibrators were sticking out on
the outside of the chastity belt, they were moist, as well as a good part of the
crotch strap over her mons pubic area.  I stuck a finger between the strap and
her soft, hairy flesh beneath, between the two vibrators, and the area was
definitely still very wet.  In fact, the movement of the strap against her skin
caused a small trickle of thick juice to flow along the border of the strap and
her bottom and form a little hanging drop at the low point.
   As it's getting late now, I prepare to end the scene for tonight.  I lower
Erica's legs so she's hanging by her arms with her legs spread by the
crosspiece.  I lower her arms a bit, so she can stand on the crosspiece, then I
remove the chastity belt.  I take out the web harness and put it on Erica while
her legs are still spread, then I unlock her hands from the rope overhead and
relock her hands behind her on the harness.  Her hands are in a position now of
being midway up her back, a bit under her shoulderblades.  I unlock her feet and
tell her "Kneel."  I take out two belts, and secure her thighs to her ankles. (I
have a picture of this too)
   I resecure the crosspiece to the cross, this time at about my groin level.  I
untie Lola, but keep her wrists tied.  I take the 7' rope and tie her right
wrist with the middle portion, above her wrist bonds.  I take her over to the
underside of the cross, and tell her to kneel, her back against the cross.
Because it's tilted she has to bend over to comply.  I untie her wrists and have
her swing her arms back over the cross piece and back under to the front.  I
take one end of the rope on her right wrist and tie it to her left wrist.  Both
dangling ends are still pretty long so I tie them together.  Now both wrists are
held together by rope handcuffs, one strand of which contains the knot with two
ends dangling down.  I thread these down below her crotch, between her labia
minora and the crack of her bottom, and back to the descending bar of the cross,
where I tie them off tightly.  If you can picture this, her arms around the
cross-piece is pressing her upper back to the cross, and the only rope holding
her in this position is pulling her hands down, increasing the pressure, while
pressing her lower back against the cross.  This rope is also in a strategic
place to put pressure on her vulva once again, and any movement by her will
directly change the pressure there.  She's essentially hanging by her elbows and
crotch.  Her knees, now with her pelvis rotated back to the cross, no longer can
reach the ground; she has to somehow awkwardly move her legs to some other
position to try to support her weight. Every move of her legs contributes to a
bit of chafing and pressure change on her vaginal lips and clitoris.  Her collar
prevents her head from hanging down, and the cross behind her head prevents her
head from moving back.  (I have a picture of this, too).  I kneel below her,
admiring my handiwork as I tease her inner thighs, vaginal lips, breasts and
cheeks.  She gives me this beautiful look of utter frustration as I smile, kiss
her on the cheek, take the dildo stool and go upstairs to the kitchen to prepare
latenite dinner before going to bed.
   Dinner was relatively easy to prepare, mostly liquidized food (you'll soon
see why) I put into the blender.  When I set up the table I prepared three
seats: two stools (one the dildo stool), and a regular seat.  I go downstairs
and unbelt Erica's thighs, take off her gag and collar and lead her upstairs.
Erica is glad to be free of her head restraint and celebrates by rocking her
head back and fourth, side to side, and exercising her jaw.  I sit her on a
stool and make her knees bend again so I can tie her ankles to a couple of
crossbars of the stool.  I tie a rope belt around her waist and tie it to a
cross-bar behind her.  There she sits, her hands high behind her, with her feet
not even able to touch the ground.
   Then I go downstairs and ungag and decollar Lola.  Before she has much of a
chance to celebrate her freedom from the gag, my member is still excited despite
the half hour respite preparing dinner, and I have to relieve myself, so since
Lola's head is in the right position right now, I let her suck my penis off.  As
she sucked I held her head in place and thrusted, and finally orgasmed.  I
stayed in her mouth until she swallowed every drop.  Then as I withdrew Lola's
lips cleaned it off.  I was so weak I hung on to the cross for a while.  Then I
continued to untie Lola, retying her hands in front of her and leading her
upstairs.
   I have her sit on the dildo seat.  She knows what to do as she straddles the
stool and positions herself over the dildo and slowly lowers herself on the
dildo.  I tie her ankles similarly and take her wrists up, over, and behind her
head so that her elbows are pointing straight up.  I like how her breasts are
lifted this way.  I tie her wrists with a length of rope to a crossbar of the
stool behind her.
   Before each helplessly lovely ladies I set a bowl of soup and a spoon.  I
start eating mine.  Erica looks at me.  Lola looks at her bowl hungrily.  I
point to Erica's bowl and say "you have permission, eat if you want."  She still
looks at me funny, asking "but I can't use my hands!", then gradually gets the
idea.  She leans forward as best she can against the table and tries to drink
her soup.  She tries lapping it up like a dog, and tries tipping the bowl on its
edge.  She manages to finish her bowl, and then looks up at me.  Meanwhile, the
way Lola is tied she can not reach the bowl at all, no matter how she tries.
Her shoulders stretched back allows her little leeway forward, and she can't
bend too far at the hips due to the fixed dildo.  I point to Lola and say to
Erica, "Looks like Lola's having trouble finishing her soup.  How should we help
her?"  After I go get myself a second helping of soup Erica gets the idea of
picking up her spoon in her mouth, scooping up some soup and raising it up for
Lola.  Eventually Erica and I both finish three bowls, Lola two.  While Erica
was still feeding Lola I go clean up a bit and bring back a bowl of grapes.  I
start eating some and said to both women "help yourselves."  Erica eats a few.
Then she picks one up by her lips and offers it to Lola.  As their lips touch,
they freeze for a while, then Lola quickly withdraws.  Erica offers another
grape, and this time Lola stays a bit longer.  The third grape doesn't make it:
when their lips touched across the table, the grape just fell out and they
kissed and kissed as best they could in their position.
   After dinner I untied Lola's hands and retied her elbows together behind her.
This tie leaves the advantage of letting her have enough freedom to do many
things, yet leaves her hands just short of being able to touch her most
sensitive spots on either her breasts or vulva.  Though she's very flexible and
normally can reach her genitalia from the back, by securing her elbows this way
even this feat is impossible for her right now.  I untied both women from their
stools and led them to the bathroom to freshen up before bed.  I took out Lola's
butt plug and let Lola completely relieve herself on the toilet bowl.  Meanwhile
I let the water run in the bathtub and cleaned off Erica's face and front,
spending a little extra time on her nipples.  Lola had to twist around off the
toilet bowl a bit to reach the toilet paper to wipe herself.  Then I unbuckled
the crotch strap from Erica's harness.  While Erica relieved herself I washed
Lola's face, front and the areas around her orifices.  Then I put a new condom
on the butt plug and re-inserted it into Lola.  When Erica was finished, though,
I told Lola, "aww, look, Erica can't reach to wipe herself off.  Maybe you can
help her."  Lola then went to take a piece of toilet paper from the roll, bent
down and twisted around to wipe off the residual urine and feces.  She spent a
bit more time than neccessary on her clitoris.  Then I had Erica kneel in the
bathtub as Lola cleaned her orifices. I brushed both women's teeth.
   After both women were cleaned up, I led them to the bed room.  As a rule I
don't leave slaves gagged during the night; it's not like they're going to be
screaming or anything, it might block airways and repeated uses could ruin the
dentition, or arrangement of the teeth.  For similar reasons I try to tie as
little as possible, it's not like they're going to thrash around or anything,
and ties could cut off blood circulation.
   But to prevent Lola from trying anything sneaky or bringing herself off, I
tape her hands.  Then I go down to get the chastity belt.  I take off the
vibrators and come back upstairs, where I put it on Lola.  I don't lock with the
padlock in front, though.  I take out one of her tight jeans and put it on her.
It takes a while, but we finally manage, and then I lock the jeans on in the
front by passing the lock through the two belt straps on either side of the
zipper.  Now even if she frees her hands, she can't get at her genitals; the
chastity belt's crotch strap serves to make fondling through the fabric
impossible, while the jeans serve to make getting around the belt impossible, as
well as hold the belt immobile (otherwise the rubber patch of pips would rub
against her clitoris).  I consider taping her breasts, but I don't bother.
Besides, she looks better this way.  So there she sits, certainly helpless but
not bound.  Her hands are taped, her anus is still plugged and secured within
herself by a chastity belt and tight jeans.  I tell Lola "before we go to bed,
Erica was so nice to you to feed you.  Don't you think you should return that
favor now?"  She eagerly agreed as she smiled and went to Erica, laid her down,
spread her legs and put her head in Erica's mons pubis.  I put a couple of
pillows under Erica's bottom, and as I watched my erection became unbearable
again.  After ejaculating twice on one night it becomes extremely sore, and
usually I can't get it up again but right now I can't help it.  To relieve the
strain I straddled Erica's head and crouched down on tip-toe, facing Lola, and
inserted my erection into Erica's warm, moist mouth.  Her throat felt wonderful
on my sore member, as did her tongue.  I leaned forward and cupped her breasts,
fondling them in time with her sucking.  Eventually she orgasmed again, but I
hadn't yet so I kept it in.  Meanwhile Lola continued fellatio.
   When I was close to orgasm I started pinching Erica's nipples, rolling them
between my thumbs and forefingers.  This brought her close to the brink as well,
and it was hard to tell who orgasmed first.  But as she came, I let go of her
nipples and the sudden rush of blood back in, along with my spurts in her
throat, made her try to cry out but start choking. It was then I told Lola to
stop, as I let my penis go limp in her mouth before withdrawing.  I let her try
to get all the semen off as possible.  Then I rebuckled Erica's crotch strap and
we cuddled together to sleep.

--
APPENDIX
                *** The Weekend, technical details ***

   Here's perhaps the most complicated device: a home-made adjustible
spreader.  I got this idea from one of those adjustible broom handles,
you know, those K-mart $5 ones consisting of two thin metal tubes, one
of which fits into the other, and a twisty thing that lets you tighten
the grip of the outer shaft when the inner shaft has telescoped to the
desired length.  By itself it's already a great spreader bar, extending
from about 2 1/2 feet to 4 1/2 feet, just add holes or rings at the ends
for straps or locks or rope, and viola!  Though it's not that sturdy
(i.e. I wouldn't suspend anyone with it), human adductor muscles
normally are not strong enough to give the bar much stress, so for most
scenes it's more than satisfactory (much to the bottom's frustration/
delight!)
   I made a slight improvement, though.  I found a regular wooden
broomstick that fit inside one of the hollow metal shafts.  The twisty
thing just happened to work on the wooden broomstick as well.  And you
know how umbrellas have this spring-loaded one-way catch?  I'm one of
those people who don't tend to lose umbrellas, they usually break on me
first, so I had a couple of umbrella handles lying around (one more
point for us packrats!) and I sawed off the segment with the spring-
loaded catch off of two of them.  Then I made two grooves in the wooden
broomstick, near one end, on opposite sides, and large enough to
completely sink the umbrella handles, leaving the catch sticking out.

                         !--__
                         !    --__
              ___________!________--___
              !                        !
   sawed off umbrella handle segment (goes in groove in broomstick)
              !________________________!

These umbrella handles are easily held in place by plenty of Elmer's
glue, which when dries can also act as space-fillers. Now let's say
you're looking at the broomstick head-on:

                  _____+____
                 /     O    \
                /            \
                !             !
                !             !
                !             !
                !             !
                \            /
                 \_____O____/
                       +

  Those plusses sticking out at 12:00 and 6:00 are the umbrella catches,
and the O's are the umbrella handles in the broomstick (obviously not to
scale, it's a lot harder to do text pictures than bitmap).  You notice
the sides of the broomstick are flattened?  We'll get to that later.
With the broomstick in the shaft (so the thin metal doesn't deform too
much), and the shaft held firmly (to the point of slight flattening) in
a vise, I chiseled a hole through opposite sides of the shaft to let the
catches through.  After seeing if the catches caught in the holes, I
proceeded to continue putting holes along the length of the shaft at
regular intervals (roughly 1 1/2 to 2 inches apart).  As the vise
flattens the outer shaft, it also deforms the wood inside a bit as well,
which serves to align the two as they slide past one another.  I end
this by putting rings through the ends of the spreader.  So you see how
I can lock the extremities of a slave in the spreader in the fully
retracted state, and though the slave can extend the spreader, can not
retract?  And when I think the spreader has spread enough I can lock it
in position with the twisty thing.

   I also have this setup in my basement: my basement has many rafters
overhead, as well as a few poles here and there, I presume to help keep
the rest of the house from falling in.  I carpeted the floor (I think
the hard ground is a bit too uncomfortable for my tastes).  I bought a
few two-by-fours (why they call them that I'll never know), and sanded
them and shellaced them to make them as splinter-free as possible.
Here's the setup: I put a 2X4 on the ground, against 2 of the support
poles of the basement for a stop.  Then I wedge another 2X4 between the
middle of the ground 2X4 and a ceiling rafter.  This second 2X4 thus
forms a roughly 60 degree slant to the ground.  You can see how the
first 2X4 prevents the second one from slipping.  There are holes where
I can bolt the second 2X4 in place (wouldn't want it slipping off
sideways, would we?)  I also rigged it (with a modified vise/clamp
contraption) so that a third 2X4 can be attached perpendicularly to the
second 2X4, at adjustible levels.  This third piece is the shortest at
about 6' long and is really versatile, with holes at the ends for eye-
screws and a hole in the middle for anything from an eye screw for
suspension, to fitting in a vertical dowel with a dildo attached to it,
to attachment to the second 2X4.  When attached to the second 2X4 the
whole setup resembles an adjustable cross.

   Another attachment I made is this dildo holder, which holds a dildo
roughly perpendicular to the 2X4.  It also attaches to the second 2X4 by
a modified vise/clamp mechanism.

   I have this chastity belt: when we bought it, it was the generic one
that holds two dildos in place.  I use it to attach two vibrators.  It
wraps around the waist above the hip bone, and whose crotch strap came
down in back and attached in front.  All three ends locks in front with
one padlock.  I added a D-ring on either side of the chastity belt, for
more flexibility in attachment.  I also cut out a piece of ping-pong
paddle rubber and glued it to the inside of the crotch strap just above
the vaginal dildo-holder.  The ping-pong rubber surface is covered with
little rubber pips that, when worn in this way, causes unique
stimulation to the clitoral area when, for instance, walking.

   We tried the chastity belt on me once with just the butt plug.  It
didn't really work that well.  So we got this elongated egg-shaped butt
plug: it's roughly 4" long and 2" in diameter at the widest point. On
one end, it's attached to this plastic disc about 2" in diameter.  This
way, when inserted, as the anal sphincter closes around the base of the
plug, the plug is pretty much stuck there; it can't go in more because
of the disc, and it's hard to expel something of that size, especially
if the wearer is tied in some of these positions.  In effect it's a
ball-gag for the anus.

   I also have one of these harnesses: it's made of leather and was
called "the web" when we got it.  it goes like this: imagine three
bands, one above the breasts, one below, and one around the waist.
These are connected by a strip going from the top band, between the
breasts, attached to the middle and waist bands, down through the crotch
and up again to the top band in back (actually it's slightly more
complicated: the descending anterior strap ends at the waist band; the
posterior strap buckles and locks there, so it is possible to expose the
genitals without undoing the whole web).  Two additional straps attach
from the back of the top band around either side of the neck over the
shoulders to the front of the top band.  The whole thing is adjustable,
with D-rings placed at strategic locations.  I plan to make
modifications to it (adding dildo holders, ping-pong rubber, etc), but
never got around to it.

   I have this stool I'm going to call the "dildo stool."  Hopefully
it's self explainatory, it's a standard 2' high sturdy stool I got from
Rickel's, 4 legs with many cross-pieces.  I drilled a 2' hole in the
middle of the seat and using two L-brackets, secured two blocks of wood
perpendicular to the seat around the hole below the seat.  I cut about a
foot of a 2" dowel and proceeded to shape one end into a blunt point.
After a few false starts I finally end up with about 10" of wooden
dildo, which I sanded smooth and shelacked.  We had a fun time
determining where I would drill the next three holes, as she sat on the
stool and I gently pushed in the dildo from below as much I could.  It
ended up the dildo sticks out the stool about 6".  That left plenty of
room for me to drill a hole through both perpendicular blocks and the
dildo to put in a nail to hold it in place.  The nail's removable so we
can have an option of keeping the dildo in or not.

   For those of you who missed my first posting, I have this 4X4 wooden
frame with holes cut at the corners and at the midpoints of the sides,
again for eye screws and such.  In this scene there are three eye
screws: two at the bottom left and right corners, and one in the middle
of the top side.  The frame is on the floor flat.

   I also have this pulley-on-a-chain that is easy to hang up on any of
the rafters.  I use graphite from "soft lead" pencils to keep it
lubricated and loose enough to be practical.

   As for techniques, the most complicated one to describe here is
probably the "three-dimentional-X" tie.  Take your left hand, hold it
out in front of you palm up.  Cross your left wrist with your right
wrist on top, also palm up.  Now have someone tie them in that position
with three different loops (same piece of rope but three different
loop-directions): one with loops parallel to the plane made by your
shoulders and hips, one with loops in the same plane formed by your
crotch, chin and wrists, and one with loops perpendicular to the other
two planes, going between your wrists.

   Taping hands is a technique to make even dextrous hands almost
useless.  It requires 4 pieces of duct tape: the first one wraps around
the hand at thumb level, securing the thumb to the palm of the hand.  A
second one wraps around the fingers, securing all 4 fingers together.  A
third requires a piece of tape about 1' long, starting from the back of
the wrist and taping all the way to the tips of the fingers, leaving a
few inches hanging.  The fingers are now curled down and the few inches
is taped down to the front of the wrist.  A fourth piece wraps around
the wrist, securing the third piece in place.

--
