                      THE WEIGHT ROOM


All throughout school I was very shy and didn't have any
friends. By the time I got to High School, I noticed I was
looking at the guys the way they said they were looking at
the girls, but I was too afraid to do anything about it.
Then, in tenth grade, my social studies teacher, who I liked
very much, announced one day in class that he needed a man-
ager for the track team, which he coached. I don't know
where I found the courage, but after class I went up to him
and volunteered.

The job was real easy, mostly to go along to all the meets
and keep the scores. If the guys did well, they wanted
everyone to know, so I instantly became well liked by most
of them. There was one guy who had been nice to me even
before. His name was Gary. Gary was 16. He was taller than
most of the guys in my class, had dirty blonde hair, which
was rare back east, was built real big and was very good-
looking. He told me one day that the only reason he was on
the track team was to keep in shape until football season,
then in a kidding way he remarked on how bad shape I was in.
He said I should start coming to the wrestling team's weight
workout with him. It was after wrestling practice every day,
and since practices for both teams were at the same time,
some of the guys from the the track team went to it. I said
OK, and that day after practice, I changed into my gym
clothes and met him in the weight room. I was real happy to
finally get a good excuse to be in the locker room with the
guys!

The wresting coach was one of the gym teachers, the one I
had for gym the year before. Never having been athletic, gym
teachers were usually scarey to me, but Coach Brown wasn't.
He was real nice and friendly, not mean and nasty the way
gym teachers usually were. Coach Brown was there at the
workout, and when I explained why I was there, he took the
time to show me the correct ways to use the weights and the
Universal Gym, and occasionally came over to me to point out
when I did domething wrong. I kept going to the workouts,
and the Coach continued to be very encouraging, commenting
on my progress and praising me when I'd do something good,
like increase a weight amount.

The weight room was a small, square room wedged in between
the locker rooms, the wrestling room and the showers, and
was probably originally only meant to be a storage area.
After about a half an hour, it would start to get pretty hot
in there, and most guys would take off their T-shirts. I
don't remember who did it first, but one guy took off his
shorts and was working out only in his jock strap. One by
one, the other guys took their shorts off, too, and when my
friend Gary took his off, off came mine! Gary had a hardon
under his jock, it was almost poking out the top. I got one
too, but so did a few of the other guys, and everyone just
kept working out, now a little bit harder!

When Coach Brown came back in and saw what was going on, he
encouraged it, telling us how, in Ancient Greece, they used
to workout naked. But he said that if we were going to do
this, everyone had to have a spotter all the time, for
safety. Gary and I usually worked out together, and this
just made us come in physical contact more, as he would lean
over me real close to help me down with a heavy weight bar,
and things like that.

One late afternoon after getting back from an away track
meet, I was hanging around the gym office and Coach Brown
came in. He asked me why I hadn't worked out today. I said
that the guys never work out after a meet, and he said,
"Yeah, but you just went along, you didn't get any exercise.
You should work out today." then his voice got serious as he
said, "Suit up and meet me in the weight room!"

I changed as fast as I could but he was already there when I
came in. It was real late and there was no one else around.
"You got in here real fast. You need someone to take charge
of you, to be in command, don't you?" I was looking at the
floor. I didn't know what he was talking about, but I really
craved this man's attention. He raised his voice as he
repeated, "Dont you?" "Yes," I said quietly. "You say YES,
SIR to me, asshole!" "Yes Sir!" I said.

He ordered me to take off my gym suit. I left on my jock
strap as we had done before. "Jock, too!" he said. "I'm
going to work you just like the Greeks used to." I got a
hardon very fast, but it went right away as he worked me
hard on the weights, not giving up, not letting me rest. I
was sweating real hard, but he kept ordering, kept encour-
aging, saying, "Come on, you're a man, you can do it." Then
I was on my back on the mat doing sit-ups, with him kneeling
at my side, holding my ankles. Everytime I did a sit-up, I
stared right into the big bulge in his crotch. I got real
hard again, and he saw it, but he ordered me to keep on
going. Finally he let me stop but he didn't let me get up.
He looked at my hard teenage rod and said, "You like being
close like this, me touching you?" I was too embarressed to
answer. "DO YOU?" he asked again loudly. "Yes Sir," I
replied. He let go of my ankles and ordered me to kneel on
the mat. Then he stood right in front of me with his crotch
right in my face. He grabbed the back of my head and pulled
my face into the front of his sweat pants. I could feel him
getting hard. Then he moved his foot until it was pressing
against my hardon. He ground my face into his basket. "Do
you want it?" he asked. I coursely moaned, "Yes, Sir."

Coach Brown opened the draw string on his sweats and pulled
them down, and then his jock. His hard cock sprang up immed-
iately. It was the first time I had seen a man's cock, as
opposed to another boy's, and it was beautifull! It was
uncut, real thick and about eight inches, although at the
time it looked to me like a foot and a half! I was real
scared andI didn't know what to do. He took hold of my head
again and brought it up against his magnificent cock. "Have
you ever sucked on a man's cock?" "No Sir, I haven't. But I
really want yours, Sir!" I started to open my mouth to take
it, but he pulled my head away and said, "I'll bet you do!
Tell me how much you want it first. Beg me to let you have
it!"

"Please, Sir," I begged. I was almost crying. "Please let me
suck your cock, Sir, please!" He made me beg him a few more
times, then he pulled me close to him and I sucked him in as
far as I could. The taste and the smell of cock and sweat
were overwhelming. I was just barely holding on. "Do you
jerk yourself off?" he asked. I Nodded yes without releasing
him. "Pull on your cock now," he ordered. I started to moan
as I got close real soon, and he fucked my throat once,
twice and on the third time he screamed as he came down my
throat and filled my mouth with his cum. I came all over the
mat at the same time. Then he pulled out of my mouth, and
told me to go shower up and go home, it was real late.
Later, alone in the shower room, I jerked off again, splat-
tering the tiled wall with my teenage cum.

He smiled at me the next day at the workout, and didn't seem
to mind that I wasn't working too hard. We never had the
chance to be alone again, but that wasn't the last time I
saw action in the weight room!

