Archive-name: Amazon/weight1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Amazon Body Builder
                 

                                 CHAPTER 1

 	I sure am glad that Bobby, my manager, gave me permission 
to work out at the health club after hours. Just the walk over here 
does me well. Here we are--that didn't take too long.
	Wait a minute. Why are the lights on? Who are those two in 
the club? I should tell them that it's supposed to be closed.
 	"Excuse me" I said. "This club is closed now, you'll have to 
leave."
	"You must be Gwen, Bobby said to expect you. I'm Tim 
and this is my wife Judy. Bobby said that we could work out after 
hours.  Boy, he sure was right," Tim said as he looked up at my 
imposing frame. "My God, you are one  GIANT woman"!
	They were both laughing at my size and I can feel the anger 
swelling up in me. They have no business making fun of me like 
that. I don't even know them. Tim is right about my stature. At six-
feet-eleven inches tall in my bare feet, 270 pounds, and with my 
gigantic boobs packed into my 63HHH Lane Bryant extra, extra-
large, custom made bra, men take one look at my imposing figure 
and stand back in awe. Towering 7'4" tall in the 4" spiked heels that 
I am wearing, and weighing over 60 pounds more than you,  I 
decided to ignore your remark.
      I am, however, enjoying the way your wife, Judy, is looking me 
over. She's only about five-foot-nine inches tall, and she can see 
that you obviously like my giant size. She's burning up with envy. I 
can see it in her eyes. Maybe I'll tease you, so that you will make a 
fool of yourself in front of her.  I'll show her who the real woman in 
this room is!
      "Well, I don't mind sharing the facilities with you if you two 
don't. By the way, I don't have sweats with me because I expected 
to work out alone. You don't mind if I work out in my undies, do 
you?"
	I loved the way your jaw just about dropped  off when I 
asked that. I especially liked the way you gasped 'No! I don't mind 
at all!'  Boy, look at Judy. Is she burned, or what?
be industrial-strength to support my mammoth bosom.
	Now, it's time to tease you, you little jerk. Well, I guess its 
show time. Off with my blouse. I'll just pretend to have a little 
trouble getting the cuffs off my wrists so I have to struggle with 
them. There. That's really making my huge boobs bobble around in 
my gigantic bra. 
	Look at you, Timmy. I gaze at you with flirting eyes. I then 
look down at my cleavage-filled bodice, and raise my hands to the 
topmost button. Then, as I undo the button, I look at your wife, 
watching for her reaction.
 	 Well.. .what do you think?" I said, motioning towards my 
huge, haltered breasts.
	One look at my mammoth bra and your eyes are about to 
fall out of your head. Too bad, little man, eat your heart out. Both 
of your wife's little titties put together couldn't even start to fill one 
of my massive brassiere cups.
 	Slowly, I unzip my skirt. But  if by some unknown force, it 
refuses to budge. First one side then the other; I struggle to pull my 
tight skirt down over my massive hips. Finally it slides over my 
gigantic hips and slides down my massive legs and falls on the floor 
in front of me... You gasp as you lower your eyes to my gigantic, 
nylon half-slip. 
	To you I am this Amazon of a woman standing in the 
middle of the gym, dressed in her 4" heels, nylon stockings, half-slip 
and the biggest brassiere that you have ever seen. You look, so tiny 
and insignificant standing in front of me, just like a little-boy looks 
standing if front of his mother. I feel like your mother as I look 
down on you. Your  Giant Mother, all dressed in miles and miles of 
silky underwear. 
	"So my little baby boy likes his Mommy's pretty undies, 
does he," I said as put my hands on my hips and spread my massive 
thighs so  far apart that they almost split my half-slip.
	My extra-large half-slip caresses and slips against my 
gigantic, nylon, panties as I slowly walk up to you. I can tell that 
the swishing... silky... sound of nylon sliding against nylon excites 
you. First on step, then another. My panties and nylons slide against 
my half-slip. Panties touching slip, nylon caressing nylon. Your tiny 
body trembles as you look up at me as my mammoth silken frame 
advances towards you. 
	"So little Timmy thinks I'm a 'GIANT', does he", I said as I 
looked down on this puny excuse for a man.  
	My God, you look so pitiful and weak as you stare up at my 
powerful nylon clad frame. My slip is so tight against my powerful 
hips that you can easily see my giant nylon panties through the silky 
material. My full, nylon encased thighs strain at the sides of my slip.
	 You're are so tiny compared to me that your head only 
comes up to my shoulders and your eyes are barely even with my 
massive brassiere. You would have to stand on your tip-toes just to 
put your mouth around my brassiere covered nipples. I'm standing 
so close to you that my silky half-slip brushes against your chest. I 
can feel you trembling as you look up past my brassiere and into my 
eyes.
 	Just wait until you get a look at my long, nylon, covered 
legs. I lift my half-slip up over my waist. I lift it so high that its hem 
is far above your head. This reveals my nylons, garter belt and giant 
silky panties. Your mouth drops open as you stare at them. My slip 
is like a giant silken tent held high over your head. My muscular 
legs are like two nylon covered tree trunks, and my garter belt and 
panties are stretched to the breaking point around my massive hips. 
	 "Like my panties, little one," I remark as I flex my massive 
calf muscles a few times.  I can't see your face through the top of 
my slip, but I can feel your pathetic, little hands moving all over the 
front of my massive, silk panties. Look at those muscles ripple. I 
wonder if you've ever seen so tall a woman with muscles as 
developed as these. I hold my slip so high above your head, that 
when you finally take your eyes off my giant panties and nylons and 
try look up into my face, all you can see is what seems like miles 
and miles of white, silky, nylon.  
	Without any warning, I let my half-slip down over your 
head and upper body. You look so incredibly tiny as I hold you 
completely encased inside of my giant, nylon, half-slip. Your little 
wife can't believe her eyes. I then pull the waist band of my half-slip 
away from my hips so that it can fit over your head and chest. With 
my slip still held out, I lower it so we are both held inside of  it. 
Only your head, shoulders, and part of your chest are sticking out 
through the top of my mammoth half-slip, the rest of your little 
body is trapped inside. Your arms don't even reach around my 
nylon clad hips as you try to hug me. Your tiny hands are holding 
onto my panties.
	"Hey!" Judy yells. "What do you think you're doing, Timmy. 
You get out from inside that Amazon's slip right now or I'll give 
you the spanking of your life."
	I look down at you and see you trembling from your wife's 
threat. Looking back at your wife  in panic, you try to wiggle out 
from inside of my slip. But my waist band is too strong for you to 
escape from.  With both of your pathetic, little hands you try to pull 
the waist band out. Your weak, little arms strain, but you are no 
match for the power of my slip.
	"Is Mommy's big, strong,  slip to much for her little baby 
girl ," I purr as I stroke your head gently.
	"Judy, I want you to see what weak little-girl your husband 
really is," I exclaim as I grab both of your little arms in my strong 
hands, and easily lift you up in the air. 
	With you hanging in mid-air, I insert first one then the other 
of your pencil thin upper arms inside my strong bra's straps. Far 
above the floor and spread eagle against me, your skinny arms are 
completely trapped inside my bra straps and your waist is trapped 
inside my half-slip. Your head is jammed between my massive 
brassiere cups. It is impossible for you see, to breath, or to move.  
	With my hands above my head, and with you suspended in 
mid-air, hanging like a rag doll from my bra straps, I easily show off 
by doing about 15 deep knee bends. You must feel humiliated, 
being held captive so far off the floor suspended and held only by a 
woman's nylon brassiere and half-slip. As hard as you struggle, 
there is no escape from my strong silken prison.
	"Mommy's undies to strong for you, little one?" I ask as you 
squirm to break free. "It's no use, baby, Mommy's bra and slip are 
much to strong for you to escape from, and Mommy's silky undies 
can hold you against her for as long as she wants. You are much to 
weak to escape, and Mommy's undies are much to strong."
	"Let me down, you're hurting me,"  you cry out as my 
strong bra straps pinch your skinny arms against me. 
	I pay no heed to your cries. With you supported in the air, I 
walk around the gym, with you hanging against me spread eagle. 
Judy is horrified to see how easily I dominate her weak husband. 
After a few more deep knee bends, finally I reach the weight bench. 
	"OK little baby, stop your crying. Mommy will let you down 
now," I say as I kiss you on the forehead and remove your tiny 
arms from my bra straps. 
	I then pull my half-slip's strong elastic away from my waist 
so you can drop and fall to the floor at my feet, a beaten little man. 
Now your wife  sees just how weak and pitiful you really are. 
	 "Well, I guess I'll just do a few bench presses to warm up. 
Let's see, about 215 pounds to start seems about right." I say as I 
smooth out my half-slip and sit down on the bench. That must be 
more than that shrimp weighs. I'll just lie down on my back 
and...one-two...one-two...one-two. Are you enjoying my large 
biceps, Timmy. My arms and legs make your skinny limbs look like 
sticks. 
	Laying directly in front of me, I can't help noticing just how 
tiny and insignificant you look. Just to piss your little wife off so 
more, I spread my legs wide apart so you can get a good look up 
my silky half-slip; all the way up to the crotch of my large, pink, 
nylon panties. I can tell that you are a lover of woman's panties, 
because I can see that you are getting excited looking at mine. Just 
to get your wife, madder, I spread my legs even further apart. My 
strong half-slip is as taut as a trampoline and my silky panty strains 
against my gigantic, hairy cunt...one-two...one-two...one-two. 
	"Why Timmy, you're shaking," I exclaim as I watch as you 
continue to stare up my half-slip. "Haven't you ever seen a woman's 
panties before? I mean a real woman, a woman who's panties are 
easily more than twice as big as your pitiful little undies?" Your 
wife is getting madder and madder as you stare up my slip.
	"Timmy, you stop looking  up that bitch's slip this minute," 
Judy yelled.
	"Yes, little one," I echoed. "It's not nice to look up a 
woman's slip. You're little wife might spank you if you disobey her. 
Would you like your little wife to put you over her knee?"
	"Now Timmy, I want you to stand up and take off your 
clothes and come over here and sit on my lap so I can be your new 
Mommy," I said as I put down the weights and sat up on the bench. 
"Wouldn't you like me to play with your big penis?  Come on, little 
one I want you to be my  little baby boy." 
	Reluctantly, you obey and after taking off your work-out 
shorts and top, you walk up and stand in front of me dressed only in 
your underwear.
	 "Now baby," I said with my hands on my silken hips, 
"Mommy said she wants you to take off all of your clothes. Now 
get your ugly little-boy 'panties' off and climb up here on Mommy's 
lap right now or I'll give you a spanking far worse than any your 
wife ever gave you!"
	Your hands are shaking as you remove your small cotton 
briefs. First one skinny leg then the other. Finally you are standing 
completely nude in front of me; your little undies at your feet. I lean 
over and pick up your underwear. I can't believe how small they 
are. Holding them up to my brassiere, I stretch the ends of the waist 
band between my fingers. Even when I stretch them, your little 
briefs are still only one-half the size of either of my massive 
brassiere cups.
  Then lowering them to my legs, I try to put your tiny undies on. 
They barely fit over my 26" nylon covered calves. And long before 
they get to my powerful 38" thighs, my giant legs have ripped them 
into pieces. Holding the torn remains of your "cotton panties" 
between my thumb and first finger, I throw them on the floor. They 
remind me more of a little-boy's underwear, not those of a grown 
man. 
	I can see why you didn't want to remove your undies 
sooner. Your little 2½ inch penis that is sticking straight out like a 
flagpole, is the smallest penis I've ever seen on a grown man before. 
Even my clitoris is longer and bigger around than your tiny wee-
wee.  And you have so little public hair, that I can't help laughing at 
your little, stiff,  penis as it pulsates up and down like a little 10 
year old boy's.
	I reach out with my thumb and first finger and grab the tip 
of your tiny wee-wee between them and shake it. Pinching your tip, 
I hold up your little tool so I can see your balls. Your little balls are 
no bigger than two marbles. 
	"Now grab onto Mommy's slip and climb up," I say as pull 
my half-slip as tight as the silky material will bare.
            The material of my slip is so tight and slippery, that it's hard 
for you to grasp hold off. After sliding off a few times, I finally grab 
you by the shoulders and drag you up on my silken lap face down. 
Your tiny, hardened penis is positioned directly between my spread 
thighs. It is smashed into the tightened material of my half-slip and 
your little butt is facing straight up in the air.    	
	You finally get your tiny butt positioned in the center of my 
taut half-slip. Your back is to me so you're sitting suspended in the 
center of my slip with your legs hanging down over the front 
between my legs. The strong nylon material of my slip easily 
supports you, and as I move my legs in and out, I bounce you 
higher and higher. I squeeze your puny biceps between my fingers. 
As I bounce you up and down on my lap, I can tell that you enjoy 
the feeling of your little penis hitting  my silky half slip each time 
you come down. I can see it is getting harder than before. Now 
your little penis has grown to a full 2¾  inches long; but still much 
smaller than my giant clit.
	"Doesn't your little Timmy look cute on my lap?" I say to 
Judy as I stop bouncing you and start to rub your penis between my 
thumb and first finger. 
	"I think I'll make you my little baby girl," I say as I turn you 
to the side so your little legs are now hanging over my left thigh. I 
can see that Judy is getting madder and madder. She can tell that 
you love sitting on my half-slip. You look up into my eyes as your 
hands kneed my 63HHH, nylon brassiere.
	"Does my little Timmy love his big Mommy?" I ask. You 
acknowledge me by sucking my nipples through the silky material 
of my bra. Your eyes are cast lovingly up into my face. 
	"I'll bet when you were a little boy you used to look up your 
Mother's dress and slip any chance you got," I said as you continue 
sucking and kneading on my huge brassiere cup. 
	"Did she cross her legs so you could get a good view of her 
silky crotch? Did it turn her on to see you sitting on the living room 
floor looking up her dress while she pretended to read the paper? 
I'm sure that when she got turned on, you could see her crotch 
getting wet and dark as she started to cum in her panties. I'll bet the 
spot of pre-cum that stained the crotch of her white, silk, panties 
got you excited." I looked down on your tiny face as you suck on 
my giant nipple, your hands kneed my brassiere, your half-closed 
eyes gazing into my face. "
	"I'll bet that she even made you jealous when she spread her 
nylon covered legs and showed her stained nylon panties to your 
little 12 year old friends when they came over to play. 	And 
when she was in her bedroom getting dressed, I'll bet you just loved 
sitting on her bed and watching her as she put on her extra large 
undies. Did she let you help her put on her panties and slip? God, it 
must have felt great for you to pick out just what silky brassieres, 
half-slips, and panties she would wear each day. Did she pick you 
up hold you like I did, Timmy? Did she kiss you as she held you far 
off the ground? Did it feel good to be held tight against her silky 
underwear? Did she play with your little wee-wee with the lacy hem 
of her slip as you sat on her nylon covered lap? How did it feel 
when she let you crawl up inside her half-slip and snuggle against 
on of her nylon covered legs? Did you feel safe hiding deep inside 
her slip.? Could you smell the odors emanating from her panties? 
I'm sure that you would hold on to her strong garter straps as you 
rubbed your little wee-wee against her nylon covered calves?"  
	"I'll even bet that when your Mother left the house, you 
would sneak into her bedroom and go through her underwear 
drawer and try on her biggest panties, girdles, and slips. I'll bet that 
her underwear was so big on you that you had to hold them up 
around your skinny little body just to keep them on. When she came 
home early and caught you playing with yourself dressed in her 
gigantic, silky, underthings, I'll bet she would sit on the edge of her 
bed, dressed in her brassiere and half-slip and lay you across her 
silky lap and spank you as you cried for her to stop. Did your little 
wee-wee feel good as it pressed against her slip and panties as she 
spanked your little bottom?" 
	"You know what I think, I think  my little Timmy is a 
'Mommy's boy.' And I think that my little Timmy would secretly 
like to wear a woman's panties that are as big on him as his 
Mother's were when he was a little boy. Now tell me the truth little 
one. Wouldn't you love to put on my big panties? I bet they're 
bigger than your Mother's were. Wouldn't you like to just snuggle 
inside of them?" With your head down you nod 'yes.'
	I decide to let you suffer for a while. I might let you wear 
your wife's panties later, but it will be some time before I let you 
wear my panties. They probably would fall off your skinny little 
body anyway. 
 	I then pick you up by the waist and turn you around facing 
me. I hold you up to me and wrap your skinny legs around my 
waist. Easily I stand up, lifting you high in the air. "Hold on to 
Mommy's bra straps now," I say as I carry you over to your wife, 
Judy. 
	Then I hear Judy say, "You put my husband down, you big 
overgrown bitch."
	As I continue holding you, with one arm I pick Your wife 
up with my other arm. "Listen cunt," I say as I easily hold both of 
you in my powerful arms. "I want you to take of your panties and 
give them to me so I can put them on your little pitiful husband."
	Holding both you and your wife, I kiss you on the cheek.
	I first put Judy down. She pulls down her shorts down and 
takes off her panties. They're only about half the size of my panties, 
but they're still bigger than your undies. 
	"Here, hand them to me, " I say as I continue to hold your 
tiny body with one strong arm. You are starting to look scared as I 
hand your wife's large, nylon panties  to you. I set you down and 
order you to put them on. They're much too big on you, and you 
look like a little girl in his Mommy's undies as you stand looking up 
at me. Your wife's panties are so large on you that your tiny hard-
on is lost in the excess silky material.
	I bend over and kiss you on the top of your head as you 
wrap your arms around my broad hips. I can feel your little penis 
rubbing against my strong, silky thigh. You enjoy the feeling in your 
wife's panties as they rub against my half-slip.

                      THE END OF CHAPTER 1
--
