Copyright © 1997, Drake,    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@airmail.net.




                      Welcome to the Clan                       
             Story #5 in the Archman Family Series             
		by:  Drake

It had  been a month  and half  into summer.  Linda was  pretty
upset when  she heard  the news.  Carla had called and told her
that her dad was going  out of town on a business trip and that
she would have fly to her mom's house.  Linda was disappointed.
Then Carla  told her  that she  could come too, as  long as her
parents would pay for the flight.  Linda assured Carla that her
parents  would  say  yes, then  hung up.  When  Linda  told her
parents, they agreed and decided to take "a second honey moon".

Everyone was excited until Mike walked into the room.  They had
forgotten all  about him.  What  would  happen  to her  10 year
little cousin?  They ran through their  options and just before
the option of  canceling everything, Linda's mother called her
sister (Mike's  mother).  Instead of asking  if she'd take Mike
back, as  Mike thought  she would, she asked if it would be all
right to leave Mike  with Malinda (their youngest sister).  She
didn't care where  Mike was, as long as she didn't have to deal
with him until  the end of the summer.  Linda's mother, Shelly,
then  called  Malinda.  Malinda  agreed  with  the idea.  Linda
regretted leaving  her cousin, he was such a good  sex partner,
but it was too late to change  her mind now.  Mike was a little
tired of being moved around, especially leaving his 16 year old
cousin, Linda.  Linda had been so nice to him.

The flight  into Ampsonville  could have been  better but Linda
and Carla were all right once they landed.  Carla's mom, Alice,
picked them  up at the  airport and they  talked all the way to
her house.  Alice was  nice to  Linda and  seemed  pretty cool.
Alice's yard wasn't close to being as big as hers and the house
was a little  smaller too but Linda  thought it looked nice and
cozy.  Linda and  Carla were  given rooms  next to  each  other
while Alice's  room was half way  across the house, which would
make it  much easier  for Linda  and Carla  to sneak  into each
other's room at night.  For the rest of  the day they basically
settled in.

They had a small dinner then got ready for bed. Carla and Linda
couldn't wait till Alice went to bed.  After they brushed their
teeth, they put on their night shirts and watched TV in Carla's
room.  Two hours past and Carla went to check on her mother.

A few minutes  later Carla came  back into the room, "She's out
cold!"  Linda was preoccupied at the moment, staring out of the
window.  "What are you looking at?"

"Look," Linda instructed pointing out of the window.

Carla looked out of the window  and saw a bright light emitting
from behind  some tall  trees and an old house.  Carla left the
room while Linda  continued to stare  out of the window.  Carla
came back into  the room  after a few  minutes,  holding a pair
of binoculars.

"It's a bonfire.  I see some people,"  Carla said  looking into
the distance with the binoculars.

"What are they doing?" Linda inquired

"Their just standing  around, their wearing  some sort of robe.
Let's go check it out."

"You crazy?  What if their some sort of cult that needs a human
sacrifice?"

"Come on you chicken!"

"Fine but if they're  looking for a sacrifice, I'm volunteering
you."

Linda  grabbed  her mace  bottle  and they  both threw  on some
clothes.  They snuck out of the house quietly.  They slowly and
carefully made  their way  to the direction  of the fire.  They
stopped  moving  once they  had  reached  the trees  before the
house.  The people were all sitting by the time Linda and Carla
reached the sight.  They all removed their hoods.  To Linda and
Carla's surprise they were all kids. None of them seemed older
than 14.  They strained to hear  what the kids  were saying but
they could only hear a few words.

"We don't take  kindly to being watched!" A voice said emitting
from behind them.  Linda reached for  her mace but felt a knife
at her throat before she  could get it out.  The mace was taken
from her  and the knife  moved to her back.  Carla felt a knife
to her back as well.  "Move it!"  They both walked forward into
the light  of the  fire.  "Look at  who we found  watching from
behind the trees."

A Dark haired  girl stood up.  On her  cloak was a black dragon
with  purple streaks.  She stared at the two girls for a moment
then smiled, "Welcome.  Sit down."  Her voice was  soothing and
hypnotic.  The two  girls sat down  with looks of fear on their
faces.  The girl began to stare at Linda, "How come you look so
frightened? What's your names?"

Linda looked worried, "My name's Linda, this is Carla."

"My name is Katauna.  Why were you spying on us?"

"We wondered out here, we just got curious about the fire.  Are
you going to kill us?"

Katauna seemed to ignore the question, "How old are the both of
you?"

"Where both sixteen."

"You and your friend are close?"

"Yes."

"Kiss her."

Linda wondered how Katauna knew that they were THAT CLOSE.  She
leaned over and  gave Carla a kiss.  It calmed her nerves some-
what and made her feel better.

"Good." Katauna said with a smile.

The  two girls  were then  blindfolded  and  stripped  of their
clothing.  They were  grabbed and  pulled over  to the  house's
entrance.  There was a creeking sound as the door opened.  They
were then led inside.

The sweet, arousing smell of the interior of the house made the
two feel intoxicated.  They nearly collapsed  in their haze but
quickly grew accustomed to the smell.  They felt the soft thick
carpet beneath their  feet, it wasn't  what they were expecting
from the old abondoned house they had seen on the outside.

"Kiss each other."  The girl requested again.  Carla and Linda,
blindfolded,  found each other and kissed.  They found it to be
incredibly erotic,  standing naked in  front of a  room full of
kids they  knew were  staring at them,  their breasts touching,
kissing one another.

"Good." The girl said.  

Another  girl  came up  and took  Carla by  the hand, "This way
Carla."  Her voice was higher and very pretty.  Carla felt her-
self walking down steps, being led carefully by the girl. Carla
had no doubt  that she was  as pretty as  her voice, she hadn't
seen one plain or ugly face amongst the crowd around the fire.

Linda was led  across the room,  she felt unease  without Linda
nearby, she felt alone in a room full of people. Katauna showed
Linda where a table, a chair, and a sofa was. Then they stepped
back a little and she told Linda to spread her legs.  Nervously
she did, stopping when Katauna was satisfied.

"Now keep your hands against your legs." She cautioned.

She felt  hands caressing  her breasts  tenderly, tracing their
shape, and running underneath them where they're sensitive. The
hands  slid down  her hips,  and Linda  felt lips  close softly
around her  right nipple.  Linda was sure it  was a girl by the
touch.  She told Linda  that she  was  to receive  pleasure and
that she need not give it unless she wanted to. The lips around
her nipple switched breasts and continued.  Linda sure did want
to GIVE as  well as receive!  She wanted  to see then  kiss the
girl before she  ate her pussy!  The lips left  her breasts and
Linda was  told to kneel  straight down,  as there  was someone
waiting to  lick her pussy below her.  She knelt, feeling hands
guide her  hips down and then  someone's face between her legs,
licking  them slowly,  even  lovingly.  It felt  great and  she
relished the sensations.  Things began to move faster and some-
one standing to her left began fondling her breast. She touched
the arm finding it to be a boy's arm.  She let her hand explore
and Linda  found his  swollen cock.  It wasn't huge  but it was
nice.  He was stroking himself while he played with her breast.
Another  hand came to  her right  breast,  and her hand quickly
found another cock.  She liked the idea  of two guys giving her
pleasure at once, slowly and calmly.

She could hear other voices, moaning in a sexual way all around
the room.  It appeared the  kids were engaged  in a giant orgy.
The boy on Linda's right pressed his penis to her mouth and she
let him enter, tasting his  rubbery cock and catching his musky
scent.  He moved in  and out of her  mouth, slowly, letting her
tongue the head and shaft.  Linda's pussy was soaking wet. Who-
ever was eating her was enjoying it and getting her really hot.
The boys that were near her switched, with the other boy giving
her his cock to suck. His was a nice cock, not too big, not too
small.  They went  back and forth,  changing  off,  and she was
getting excited thinking of them both cumming. The girl sucking
Linda's pussy  reached up  and squeezed  her tits,  running her
hand  so sensually  over her that  she moaned softly.  The heat
she felt comming over her was amazing. She felt hotter and even
more  tingly  then  she  had  ever  felt.  Everything  was more
intense, more fragile, more sensetive then it had ever been.

She could hear Carla's loud  moans, almost screams, all the way
from downstairs.  Carla's screams  would have  seemed  violent,
had it not  been that she  mixed the word  "YES!" in with them.
Linda's attention turned elsewhere when she heard a boy's voice
directly in  front of her say,  "Ready guys?".  Just as he said
that the girl began sucking Linda's clit hard, with her fingers
sliding into Linda's  dripping pussy.  Linda felt as if she was
going to cum but the girl kept  her there, her tounge wandering
off just before she cummed.  She rocked her hips, trying to get
the girl to  make her cum but the  girl knew how to keep her on
the verge  without letting  her go over.  The cocks were out of
her mouth, which was fine with her,  she was breathing hard and
concentrating on her own orgasm. She reached for her clit, only
to feel strong feminine hands pull her arms behind her and hold
them there. 

"Let me cum!" Linda moaned.

"You'll cum soon enough," Katauna replied tauntingly.

Linda was trying  to make the  girl suck  her clit, working her
hips all  around the  girl's face,  but she  couldn't make  the
contact she  really wanted.  One of the  guys made  deep groan,
then a warm gush of his sperm landed on her tits.  It felt warm
and it ran down  against her nipple as  more spurted  onto her.
She moaned,  wanting to come  right then,  when another  spurt,
this one from the right, landed on her cheek.  She felt his cum
running down her neck and he kept on spurting until the side of
her face  and her lips  were warm and  wet with his cream.  She
couldn't believe it, it actually tasted good.  Linda had tasted
cum once before,  she found it to be salty and disgusting.  The
the taste had remained  with her till she'd eaten dinner.  This
sperm  tasted different.  It was sweet  and it made  her tongue
feel tingly.  The boy  in front  of her  cummed then,  his jism
hitting  her like  a hose.  She opened  her mouth  and felt him
spurting it  onto her tounge,  then her  neck and chin.  It all
felt good.  Linda  swollowed  what was  on her  tongue  while a
girl began  licking  what  was on  her  nipples.  Linda's pores
absorbed the sperm giving her an almost numbing tinglyness. The
girl moved down from her  breasts to suck her pussy again.  She
was getting  really close.  She moaned  loudly,  shaking as she
felt the first twinges.  Then, then, then, she stopped!

"Make me cum damn it!" Linda moaned, only to feel hands lifting
her to her feet.

"We could  do you  damage if  we made  you cum  right away,  be
patient.  Your relief will  come soon enough,"  Katauna assured
her.

Katauna took her hand and  walked her across the room.  The cum
continued be absorbed into her skin.  Some cum, on her face and
breasts,  ran down onto her  belly and some even  dripping onto
her thighs.  

"Kneel down on  all fours and  keep your hands  on the ground,"
Katauna instructed.

She did, only to feel a boy slide his cock into her pussy.  She
coudn't believe how  good it felt!  Then a cock pressed against
her lips and she sucked it.  The two boys worked like they were
one  long cock,  the one in  her mouth  pulling out  as the boy
behind her  pushed in.  The one in her pussy  was big enough so
that he stretched her a little,  making her quiver  with a need
to cum.  She felt a mouth on her right tit, licking the cum off
her nipple.  This went on for a long while, until, without much
warning,  the boy cummed  in her pussy,   flooding her with his
warm cum.  She wanted to reach back and get herself off but she
knew if she  tried they  would just  hold her hands  behind her
back again.  Linda moaned and kept trying to milk his cock with
her pussy but he pulled out.  The cum in her pussy felt incred-
ible.  The other  boy shot  a wad of  sperm in  her mouth.  She
swallowed it quickly, trying to keep up with his thick cum.  He
pulled out and a girl's mouth met Linda's,  kissing and licking
her tongue, lips, and face. Linda stuck her tongue out, tasting
sperm  on the  girl's face,  which she  found to  be incredibly
exciting.

Katauna returned,  leading Linda over to a narrow padded bench.
Linda was lain  down on her back,  with her legs on either side
of the bench.  Three girls  began  touching her.  She felt lips
against her neck.  Then a tongue began licking her,  folowed by
another one on  her left nipple.  Hands roamed  her stomach and
breasts, rubbing the cum into her skin. One girl slid her hands
up Linda's  thighs and spread  her pussy open.  The girl rubbed
against Linda's  sopped cunt,  spreading around her  juices and
the sperm on her thighs. Linda couldn't stay still, moaning and
trying to get them to  touch her where she wanted.  She felt as
if she was floating. They made Linda so horny she thought she'd
go crazy. Linda reached out and each hand found a breast, warm,
full, and soft.  Linda began  playing with  them too,  enjoying
their soft skin.  She felt a cock press against her pussy, then
realized it was the third girl sliding a dildo into her.  Linda
raised her  hips up,  letting the girl  fill her with  the huge
dildo while her hair  brushed her thighs.  She felt incredible,
so sensual, so HORNY!  Linda didn't  care anymore.  She floated
along,  enjoying the sensations.  The dildo was  long and thick
and she worked it slowly at first, going faster and faster with
each stroke, building up the speed like a freight train.  Linda
was really  enjoying it, until she felt the  girl press a dildo
to her anus,  she got nervous.  The girl had a remedy for this,
licking  Linda's  clit and  teasing her  until she  relaxed her
rear.  Then the girl slid the dildo into her.  It stretched her
open,  giving her a very  full sensation and  coupling with the
fake cock in her pussy,  she felt wantonly wicked.  Linda began
to shake,  so very  close,  yet so  far away.  Nothing  existed
except her, the girls, and those dildos.

Linda was moaning and  realized that a pussy  was being lowered
to her lips.  When she felt the skin brush against her lips and
nose, she began to lick at it. Linda licked it eagerly in fact,
tasting fresh pussy juice  and sperm mixed together.  She found
the girl's  opening and  licked up the  thick creams,  she then
found her clit.  It was a large  clit and she  sucked it like a
little cock,  flicking it with her tongue.  The girl moaned and
suddenly  Linda's face was  getting soaked as  the girl's pussy
squeezed out the sperm still inside, with her own creams adding
to the warm flood. The girl's hips rocked into Linda, who stuck
her tongue inside the girl's pussy. The girl's spasming muscles
grabbed at  Linda's tongue.  The girl got up  and another pussy
replaced hers.  This girl had the sweetest tasting pussy and no
sperm in her.  She even  pulled her  labia wide  open and  rode
Linda's mouth, rocking back and forth wildly. Linda's hips were
rocking also,  working in time with  the dildos in  her ass and
cunt, getting closer, getting ready.  The girl was pumping them
fast,  alternating  the  strokes.  She moaned  into  the  cunt,
licking her sweet  juices and letting  the girl  soak her face.
Again, things stopped  just before she cummed.  She was getting
really frustrated with not getting off. Linda was so horny that
she would do anything to cum.

Katauna led her again to another  part of the room and made her
sit down, legs out, leaning back on her hands. Linda felt hands
from behind her cup her breasts. Four guys began to cum on her.
The girl  cupping her  tits just  held them,  letting the thick
sperm ooze over  her fingers  and her tits.  When Linda was led
back to the bench, she was drenched.  Her face was wet, cum ran
down her neck  and breasts,  even down into  her pubic hair.

A girl began  wiping the sperm  from all over  her body down to
her butt.  The girl then  crammed it in,  lubricating her hole.
She stood over the bench and two hands slowly lowered her down.
As she was lowered,  two hands spread her ass cheeks open and a
cock, a real, live, warm cock pressed against her butt.  He was
pretty big but not  too big and slipped in  with a little work.
To her,  it felt awfully  sexy and  really nasty  when her legs
were lifted  off the floor  so that all  her weight  forced him
fully into  her butt.  Feminine hands  lifted her  legs and her
arms were put  around their shoulders.  They began  lifting and
lowering Linda onto his cock,  holding her legs wide open.  The
guy lay still for a while,  then the girls held her up, letting
him fuck her from below. She was hot and when he cummed he shot
what felt like a quart of his jism into her ass.

Katauna returned once again, leading Linda over to the stairway
to downstairs.  She was forced to sit down,  with her legs wide
open and  leaning back  on her hands.  She heard  another voice
telling someone to kneel down.  She felt warm,  damp skin brush
against her inner thighs.  She instantly knew  it was Carla and
was very excited, knowing that she would make her cum if anyone
would.  Her heart jumped.  Their blindfolds  were removed.  The
lighting was soft, somewhat dark. Carla and Linda were kneeling
in front of each other, face to face. Carla was as covered with
sperm and pussy  juices as Linda was.  Carla's hair  was matted
in places and there were still  thick streams of sperm near her
mouth.

"You have three minutes together," Katauna said.

The two girls kissed  each other quickly.  Then Carla stood up,
pushing her cunt into Linda's face. "Suck me! Make me cum!"

Linda sucked her clit and shoved  three fingers into her soaken
cunt, fucking her madly with fingers and tongue. Carla began to
moan and shake,  pulling Linda's  head against  her and rubbing
her pussy against my face.  Linda stopped and looked up at her.

"Eat me too! Make me cum with you!" Linda pleaded with her.

"Don't stop  you fucking  slut!"  Carla  hissed  back,  shoving
Linda's face to her pussy. "Make me cum!"

Realizing  that Carla  was as bad  off as she was,  Linda broke
free and pulled  Carla to the floor.  Carla fought  it at first
but then turned  around and laid her  slick body down on top of
Linda, spreading  her legs wide  and sucking her  cunt crazily.
With her  own pussy  pressed against  Linda's mouth,  she began
sucking Carla's too.  They fingerfucked  each other  and sucked
their clits,  until,  at last  they  could feel  their  orgasms
starting.  Just another few seconds...  A boy grabbed Carla and
pulled her off, two girls pinned Linda's arms to the floor.

"NO! GODDAMNIT IWANNACUM!" Linda screamed.  Carla was screaming
the same way.

"If you two  would of cooperated  with each other  in the first
place then  you  would  have  already  cummed.  We don't  fight
amongst ourselves,  you must learn to cooperate  no matter what
the case."  Katauna lectured.

Katauna made a gesture with her hand and the two girls were re-
leased. Carla moved over to Linda and they resumed their sixty-
nine, both of them knowing that they could cum. Carla and Linda
fingered and sucked each other. Linda felt her pussy tightening
up,  getting ready,  with no  stopping now.  Carla's  pussy was
doing the  same and  they were  about to go  over the  edge to-
gether. Carla cummed first and she rocked her hips wildly. Then
Linda cummed,  with a gut-wrenching, moaning,  thrashing climax
that sent her  brain reeling.  She could feel  Carla shaking on
top of her and her own  body shuddered and shook too.  When she
finally finished,  Carla rolled off of Linda and they shared in
a warm embrace.  Their breathing  slowed  as they  relinquished
hold and passed out

The two  woke up  hours later.  Instead of  finding  themselves
sticky and smelly  with body juices  they were both  clean and,
after smelling one another, they realized they emmited the same
sweet,  arousing smell they  had noticed when  they entered the
house.  Their eyes had  already adjusted when they  scanned the
dark room.  All around the room there were naked bodies merrily
asleep.  Linda hadn't noticed before  but now she realized that
no one had any pubic hair except her and Carla. The kids didn't
seem to have any hair from the neck down.

Katauna walked over to them quietly, "You two should go back to
sleep.  You'll need your  rest for tomorrow.  You'll have to go
through a few more experiences  like this one before your fully
one of us."

"We need to get  back to my mom's  house before  she wakes up,"
Carla said.

"Go back?  You can't go back.  You two  will stay  with us from
now on.  We're your family now."

"So you won't let us go?" Linda asked.

"We do  what's  best  for each  other and  what's best  for the
whole.  What's best for you is to stay with us."

"You didn't answer the question."

"We will let you go  for now but you  must come back frequently
and when I  tell you  you must  stay with us,  then you  do it.
Deal?"  Katauna said with a look of disappointment

Linda and  Carla looked  at each  other and  nodded then  Linda
faced Katauna and spoke, "Deal."  Katauna got their clothes and
they dressed quickly.

They talked about  what had happened  all the way  to the house
and continued  to talk when  they got there.  They snuck in and
checked the time, it was only 3:00. Once they were sure Carla's
mom  was still fast asleep they got daring and took  off all of
their clothes, kissing each other in the kitchen. Although they
smelled good and felt clean they decided to take a shower.

They went to the bathroom and started the shower.  Carla didn't
give Linda much  of a chance,  kneeling and  sucking  her pussy
while the water warmed up. She had Linda soaking wet again. Her
fingers were shoved  up Linda's cunt  when Linda saw  the steam
curling around the door.

"C'mon greedy."  Linda said, opening the shower door,  "You can
eat me in the shower too."

Carla stayed still, licking Linda's clit and making her hot and
lusty.  She kept on,  getting Carla closer.  Linda decided that
after she cummed, they'd take their shower. She got Linda with-
in an inch, then stopped.

"Okay, let's get in the shower." Carla said, standing up.

"You fucking slut!" Linda said to her, "Don't stop now!"

"Awww, are you ready to cum?" Carla asked coyly.

"Eat me you bitch, suck my clit!"  Linda said, forcing her back
down.  Carla began to tease Linda and it felt awfully good.

"I bet you'd love to suck cum out of my pussy right now." Carla
said teasingly, "Be quiet, my mom may still  be able to here us
from upstairs."

Linda moaned again, saying, "Shut up and make me cum you fucking
slut!"

Carla laughed and then began to tongue Linda's clit.  She cummed
with a body wrenching shudder,  holding on to Ann's head to keep
from falling. After a few moments Linda thanked Carla and kissed
her.  They climbed into  the shower and cleaned  each other off.
Linda sucked  Carla's pussy  until she cummed.  Afterwards, they
crawled into Carla's bed and did a lot of kissing, touching, and
holding of each other.  They ate each  other out  several times,
with Carla even  cumming against  Linda's breasts,  covering her
with her  sweet juices.  They planned  to tell their  mom in the
morning that  they stayed up  late and decided  to sleep  in the
same room so  they could talk,  just incase  she woke  up before
they did and found them.

Linda and  Carla had  a lot more  fun with  the clan,  which she
found to be named "The Black  Dragon Clan",  had a lot more days
and nights  like that  one during  the summer.  They  eventually
joined the clan in their regular activities. I'll tell you about
those later.  Till then.


Drake

















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....