Archive-name: Casual/welsal.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Welcoming a Salesman


When he knocked on the door, she was ready for him.  She had 
piled her hair up on top of her head so that her long, graceful 
neck showed and she had put on a black string bikini that was 
designed to arouse.  The bra cups were so tiny that when she 
wriggled her shoulders her breasts threatened to break free, and 
the cups were so sheer that she might as well not have been 
wearing anything for the way they let her taut nipples push out.  
The bikini bottom was even more outrageous.  It didn't even 
completely cover her mound.  Her ash blond hair curled up around 
the edges of the satin triangle.  When she sat down and crossed 
her legs the crotch strap doubled over on itself, allowing even 
more delicious skin to show, hot pink skin and a tuft of silky 
down.

She opened the door to him and smiled.

"Hello, my name is...." he began, stopping short when he saw what 
she was wearing and how she looked.  His eyes flitted from the 
tips of her breasts to her crotch and back again before he was 
able to continue.  "Uh, yes, I'm Rodger Smith.  I was told you 
were interested in my product."

"Please come in," Helen said.

"Thanks."

As he brushed by her, Helen noticed a decidedly rosy look to his 
earlobes and cheeks.  She was getting to him already!  Determined 
to capitalize on her gains, she closed the door, asked him to sit 
down, and then, instead of sitting down herself, she turned her 
back to him giving him a view of her ass.  The seat of her bikini 
didn't cover any of her ass.  The crotch strap cut into her 
crack, exposing both domes, and the black triangle only began to 
flare out at the point where her nether cheeks began.

When she thought he'd had enough, she turned around quickly and 
caught him in the act.  He was gawking at her bottom, his cheeks 
flushed, his eyes wide.

"Uh, the product, yes," he said, straightening up in the chair, 
tugging at a suddenly too tight collar.  "Just which product are 
you interested in, Miss....."  He glanced at his notebook.  
"...Miss Peters?"

"Call me Helen," she said, taking a seat across from him.

"Which product interests you, Helen?" he said, fighting to keep 
his eyes on her face where they belonged.

"It's all so confusing," she said, shaking her head and very 
deliberately crossing her long legs.

Rodger could not help but look down and as he did he was lost.  

He could not look away.  Her sweet fork mesmerized him.  He 
stared at the thin black crotch band, at the soft fur that curled 
around it, at the distinctly bright pink and glistening flesh 
that it failed to conceal.

"Mr. Smith?" she asked

"Uh-huh," he said without looking up.

"Mr. Smith, I think you are staring," she accused him, uncrossing 
and crossing her legs again, making the narrow black band 
actually cut into the slit between her labia.

"Uh-huh," he said, his mouth open.

"And your getting all excited, too!" she chirped, pointing 
merrily at the huge bulge in the front of his grey slacks.

"Uh-huh".

The sight of all that fresh pussy had the same effect on him as a 
full lobotomy.  It was all he could do to maintain autonomic 
nervous system function, to breathe, to blink.  He could not stop 
his mouth from drooling, nor could he swallow it, so he let it 
run from the side of his mouth.

Helen rose from her chair and walked over to him.  His eyes 
remained locked on her snatch.  She put her hand on his head and 
pulled him forward, making his nose and mouth come within two 
inches of her sex.

"Uh-huh!," he groaned, his eyes snapping shut as the musky smell 
of her sex surged up his nose.  The keen foxy scent acted as 
smelling salts on him, bringing him out of his confused stupor.  
He licked his lips and raised his arms, placing his hands on her 
bare buttocks.

"Not so fast!" Helen said, pushing him back in the chair.  Then 
she giggled.  "Oh!, It's even bigger now!" she cried in delight.

Rodger looked down at his own crotch.  The whole area of his fly 
was all pushed out of shape.  It was as if he had a tentpole in 
his pants, an active tentpole that jerked up and down, up and 
down impatiently.

"How big is it, really?" Helen asked.  "This big?"  She held her 
thumb and forefinger three inches apart and waved them under his 
nose.

Rodgers' face turned beet red.  "It's big enough!" he told her.

"I want to see it."

"Huh?"

"If you show me yours, I'll show you mine." she teased.

"What's with you?  Are you crazy or something?"
 ?8w?8 

"Mmmmmmmmm." Helen cooed.  "Crazy about that thing."  She climbed 
right up into his lap, throwing her legs over the arms of the 
chair, lowering her hot pussy right down on the double-knit 
swathed head of his cock.

"Oh, Wow!!" he cried as the heat of her cunt penetrated the 
layers of clothing and engulfed his erect knob.

Helen bumped her pussy into his erection insistently.  "Ooooooh, 
don't you like to fuck?" she hissed.

"Oh!, Wow!"

"Don't you want to fuck with me?"

"Wow!!!!"

Helen reached under her ass and groped his balls, dragging her 
crotch over the shrouded bulb of his cock.

"Oh!, Wow!!!" he groaned, his ass flipping up from the seat as 
the fingers fondling his balls triggered his hump center.  Then 
he was all over her:  trying to peel the bikini bottom off her 
ass, trying to draw sustenance from her nipples through the bra 
cups!

"Easy!, not so fast!" she said, hopping off him and out of reach.

He half rose out of the chair to come after her.

"SIT!!!"  she commanded.

He sat, his dick doing frantic push-ups against his thigh.

"You want me to enjoy this, don't you?" she said suggestively.  
"I mean you're not one of those male chauvanistic pigs who thinks 
a girl is always ready for it, are you?"

Smith denied the charge adamantly, while his cock nodded assent.

"A girl has to be in the mood, you know," Helen told him.  "I've 
got a right to be turned on too...."

"Hey, whatever you want...." he began.

"Great!" she said.  "Now you just sit there and enjoy yourself 
and let me do all the work."

The blonde dropped to her knees in front of him and proceeded to 
liberate his stiff cock from his pants.  Helen had never seen one 
so perfectly formed.  Her original estimate of its length was a 
little short.  His cock was a good seven inches long, and 
pleasently thick.  

"Oh honey!" she crooned, wrapping her hand around the hard shaft 
and pumping it up and down.  The head of his cock was distorted 
by the power of her stroke.  Going all flat and streamlined on 
the downstroke, and turning thick and bulbous on the upstroke.  
Up and down.  Up and down.  His dickslot gibbered at her, 
mumbling clear strands of pre-come all over itself, strands that 
oozed over the mushroom cap and settled on her fingers.

"Ooooh, Helen!"  Smith whined, clutching the arms of the chair as 
the girl whipped his pud into a dither.

"Nummmmm, nummmmm," she cooed, lowering her head while she 
continued to jack off his prick.  She pressed her lips to the 
slick knob, tasting the juices and sighing deeply, as if she had 
just sampled an exotic perfume.  One taste was not enough.  Helen 
sucked the juice from his bulb noisily, licking at his slot, at 
the folds of his nerve bundle, which glowed red with excitement 
just below the ever-oozing vent.

"Suck it! Oh! Suck it!" he beseeched her, watching her full lips 
slide smoothly over the tip of his cock,  moist lips engulfing 
hot pud.

Helen wanted very much to get it all into her throat, but she 
wanted to excite him quickly and as much as possible, so she 
concentrated on the head of his prick, inserting the tip of her 
tongue into his slot and munching on the tender spot of his nerve 
center.

She wallowed in his cock, rubbing the hot knob, the sticky spunk, 
his excited trill bundle all over her face and neck, inudating 
herself with his raw male musk, with his seething smegma.  She 
handled and fondled and licked and sucked until the entire prick 
took on a bright red patina, especially around the pudcap rim 
which was so agitated from all the friction that it had turned 
crimson.

Smith writhed and squirmed under her attentions, raking furrows 
in the chair's arms with his nails, begging her to finish the 
job, to send him over the brink.

Helen knew that wanting was even better than getting and that the 
more he wanted the more she would get.  She dropped his cock like 
a hot potato and sat back on her haunches, admiring her 
handiwork.

"Oh, darn!" he wailed, rolling his eyes up in his head, his 
cheeks flushing, his hand dropping to encircle his cock, to 
finish the job for himself.

Instead of slapping his hand away, instead of being furious at 
his attempt to "get along without her," she was delighted.  
"Ooooooh, yes!" she cooed, leaning forward, opening her mouth, 
licking his nerve bundle as he masturbated.

Even Rodger could not hold out against such a devastating 
assault:  to jack off into the open mouth of a lovely...and 
willing...girl.  His fist closed down tight about the base of his 
cock, causing the entire shaft to turn a strangulated purple, 
causing the already full bulb to swell even more.

"Uhhhhh!"  Helen whinnied, sensing his impending orgasm, licking 
the head of his dick like a popsicle.

With a grunt, he let fly.  His cock flexed, jerking up off of 
Helens tongue, up over the tip of her nose, and then the gusher 
broke loose.  Sperm, thick as library paste, belched from his 
nozzel in long strands, spattering over her forehead, landing in 
gooey drops along her hairline.

"Ohh.. Goody!" she said, wheezing with excitement, as the thick 
brew rolled down over her eyebrows, her eyelids, her cheeks.  She 
caught the convulsing cock by the neck and dragged its spurting 
head down to her mouth.

The second volley was even more copious than the first and it 
contained even less discernible fluid... this stuff was thick and 
creamy.  Like translucent toothpaste it flopped down on her eager 
tongue, shooting up to her tonsils, clinging to her wet lips in 
strands.

Helen whimpered as the stark flavor woke her taste buds, as the 
heady smell raged through her sinuses.  She closed her lips to 
swallow.

A third charge broke over her upturned face in a white wave.  
Gobbets of hot spunk spattered her nose, her lips, her chin.

"Uhhhhhhh!" she ghasped, opening her mouth again, thrusting it 
down on the sputtering vent, sipping the gummy brew up from the 
depths of his balls as if his dick were a soda straw.

His mind, lost in the pleasure of his orgasm, Rodger pulled the 
tip of his cock from her lips and proceeded to rub the still-
spewing knob all over her radiant face.

Helen revelled in the heat of the moment as he literally painted 
her with his come,  using the velvety tip of his cock like a 
palette knife to paint the sweet canvas of her face.  When he was 
done, when his hot sperm covered her from forehead to chin, from 
ear to ear, he drew back, moaning from the aftershock of the 
thrilling deed, and Helen passionately touched her own gooey 
features, rubbing the sticky substance, pushing it down onto her 
waggling tongue.

The sight of her licking his sperm from her fingers was more 
erotic than any Rodger had ever experienced.  His fist pumped 
down over his cock with renewed vigor and his cock responded by, 
once again, growing rigid.

Helen gawked at the lewdly arching member so very red from the 
friction, but made no move towards it.

"Are you turned on now?"  Rodger asked huskily, his fist pumping 
, pumping.

By way of an answer, Helen rose and stood with her knees apart.

"Uh-huh!" he grunted as if he had been struck.

Her pussy was sopping wet.  The tiny crotch strap was completely 
saturated, gleaming with dew.  Her swollen labia had smooched out 
around it as if to swallow it up.  They, too, glistened; the  
fringe of fine hair that covered them no longer pale blond, but 
brown and damp, brown and plastered to the pouting lips.  Helen 
could smell the fumes it gave off:  incredibly musky and sweet.

Rodger, his nostrils dilated, got up from the chair and put his 
hands on Helen's slim shoulders.  His cock stood between them, 
thumping against his tie tack.

"Oooh," Helen said as he pushed down, forcing her to the rug.  
She didn't put up a struggle, but lay down on her back and opened 
her thighs.

"Grrrrrr!" he said, dropping to all fours and shoving his face 
between her legs.

"EEEEEEEK!" Helen wailed, feeling his hot breath on her buns, his 
teeth rasping over her tender pussy lips.

The fuck-crazed Rodger snatched up the sopping crotch band in his 
teeth and, growling like a terrier with a T-bone, began to shake 
and jerk his head about, streaching the band as if it were made 
of rubber, trying to drag the bikini off her hot bottom.

Helen could not believe the thrill she got watching him go at her 
shorts like that.  How he chomped and gnawed at them!  When he 
shook his head, he made the top of the strap rub over her 
inflamed clit, sending the delightful ripples of fuck joy rushing 
up her belly.  The more he tugged, the more the strap streached, 
until, by the time his appetite for it was sated, it hung halfway 
down her thigh, covering absolutely nothing of her pussy.

"Nummmm. nummmmm," Rodger gurgled.  It was his turn for some oral 
fun.  He lapped at her sloppy slit, squirming the tip of his 
tongue  in between her labia.

Helen went right through the roof.

"YEEEEEE!!!" she squealed as the drooling, wriggling tongue put 
her mind in orbit.  She forced her knees so far apart that the 
outsideof them actually touched the floor, giving him complete 
access to her juicy gash.

Rodger quickly accepted the invitation, mashing his whole mouth 
down on her sex, sucking hair, clit, labia, orifice right up into 
his mouth.

"OOOOOH!!" Helen grunted, her back arching up from the rug, her 
hands clutching her breasts, scooping them out of the flimsy cups 
and clawing at the stiff nipples with her nails.

Rodger released her pussy, showering the wrinkly vortex with 
hungry kisses, wallowing in the keen stench of her nectar.  
"Fuck, fuck, fuck," he mumbled into the quivering orifice, 
falling on it with his tongue and penetrating it with little 
effort.

Helen slipped over the edge.  The squirming tongue did it.  As it 
flapped over the walls of her box, the earth gave way under her 
feet and she tumbled backwards, head over heels into the abyss. 

Her smooth bottom leapt from the rug to bump into his chin.  Up 
and down, it bobbed, making his tongue flick in and out of her 
pussy.

"Uhhhhnnngh," Rodger groaned, raising his face from her flipping 
crotch.

Helen opened her eyes and looked at him, at the shining dew all 
over his mouth and chin, at the terrible need in his eyes.  She 
shifted her fork in front of him,  offering it to him to fuck.

"You've got a tight box," he croaked.  "I'll loosen it up with 
this." He pointed at his hard and ready cock for emphasis.

Helen shook her head, grinding her hips sensuously, reaching down 
and holding her labia open, showing him the hot pink of her cunt, 
begging for penetration.

"I want to finger you first," he told her, quickly inserting one 
of his fingers into her channel.

Something was better than nothing in Helen's book, so she began 
to buck, forcing the finger to dip in and out of her snatch.

"Ooh!" she cooed.  "Ooooooh!

Rodger seeing how she enjoyed it stuffed a second finger in 
alongside the first.  It was a much tighter fit.

"Uhhh!"   Helen said as the doubly thick probe spitted her cunt.  
She was right back to work, humping ecstatically, making her 
pussy dive down over his fingers, spreading her juice over the 
back of his hand.

"One more," he said, inserting a third digit.

"Wow!" Helen cried, feeling herself being stretched as she hadn't 
been in years, feeling the wrinkles of her pussy, the ridges and 
valleys flatten.  It stung a little, but it felt good.  She could 
only move her pussy up and down the tripled probe with 
difficulty.  Her sloppy and loose cunt actually squeaked, so 
tight was the fit.

When Rodger was through exploring her cunt, he took his finger 
from her pussy.  Panting from his excitement, he climbed into her 
saddle, and without bothering to remove her bikini bottom, he 
fitted the head of his cock to her opening.  

"Oh, baby!" Rodger wheezed, as  he slipped into her fork, as he 
rubbed his super-lubed pudcap over the seething, and equally 
well-lubed flaps of her pussy.

"Go ahead fuck me!" she pleaded.

As soon as he felt the tip of his cock slip into the pocket at 
the nadir of her snatch, he flipped his hips and sent his cock on 
the journey up her cunt.

"OOOOOOOH!!!"  Helen howled, as his oiled piston surged up her 
oiled pipe.  It felt wonderful to have her pussy stuffed.

Rodger mumbled something about what a great fuck she was and 
pushed forward.  His cock slid further up her tight pussy, 
slipping deeper into her delicious depths.

Rodger caught her tightly about the waist and held her hips 
still, dragging his cock back an inch, making the bulb bump over 
her cuntal ridges.  Then he lunged forward and drove his hard 
shaft fully up and into her waiting vagina.  His cock was now 
deeply burried in her.  She could feel the wrinkles being ironed 
out by the thick head, the walls of her cunt yielding to his 
wonderfully hard and thick cock.

Rodger drew back, rolling his hips, making his cock twist inside 
her, opening her up even further.  Then he snapped his hips 
forward.

"Oh!" Helen shrieked as his tool slipped all the way in, as the 
bristling root butted up against her streached labia.  She had 
never been filled like this!  Filled beyond her wildest dreams.

His hips jerked, withdrawing his loving cock, then stuffing it 
all back in until the reddened labia smooched at his root.

Helen shuddered as he spitted her, as his pubis bumped her clit.  
A faint flicker of orgasm was building in her pussy.

"Uhhhhgnnnh!"  Rodger grunted, dragging his cock back and 
thrusting, falling into a broken, very slow rhythm.  In and out.  
In and out.  In slow motion, like dinosaurs fucking.  Every lunge 
a millenia, every backthrust an eon.

Helen began to feel the steam heat in her cheeks, the fever 
behind her eyes.  He was doing it.  He was making her like it.  
Every time his mound bumped hers, a spark would blossom in her 
loins, a spark that would flicker and then fade.  But his 
interminable thrusts fanned that spark.  Hard penis dragging over 
tender tube, making the glow of pleasure last just a little bit 
longer every time.

Puffing and panting, he worked faster, driving his meat into her 
at an almost normal tempo, fighting against the powerful urge to 
squirt brought on by the exquisite tightness of her pussy.

The glow between Helen's legs became a flame.  "Yes! Yes!!!" she 
whined, lifting her thighs up from the floor, throwing her knees 
up over his shoulders, giving him conplete access to her cunt.

Rodger bore down on her, pumping his butt like a fiend, making 
her pussy fart and sputter about his churning pud.

"YESSSSS!!!" she wailed. The flame ignited the fuse, and as she 
flipped her hips, fucking him thrust for juicy thrust, her whole 
body burst into orgasm.  She fought to keep from slipping under, 
to keep from fainting as the wall of sheer joy came down on her.

"Woweee!"  Rodger exclaimed as her pussy milked his cock hard, as 
his will power dissolved, as his cock flexed ominously.  


"Take it out!" she cried, grabbing him by the ears.

Rodger looked on helpless.

"COME ON ME!!!!" she bawled.

He pulled his orgasming dick from her pussy and floped it down on 
her sweaty tummy.

"Oh, yes! YES!!!" she squealed as the white goo spat forth, 
spritzing her stubby nipples, bathing her heaving tits in milky 
white sperm.

--
