(c) Copyright 1997 Darkman.   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author, Darkman.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.



Wendy Ch 1

Written By Darkman


We had been driving for about 3 hours and we still had about 45 minutes until 
we reached Hayes city. You see I was bringing my 15 year old step daughter back
from summer camp. She had been gone for only 3 weeks but it really seemed like
she had changed. You know grown up since she had went off just 3 weeks ago.
As always we talked about this and that. My mind wasn't really on the
conversation as I always get very horny after driving for a long period of
time. The only thing I could think of was getting Wendy home and getting
into the bathroom so I could jackoff and relive some of this pressure.
My mind drifted to thoughts of the adult book store in town. When ever
I get real horny I go there and watch porno flicks in the peep booths.
Sometimes when I have been extra horny I have even let strangers suck my
dick through the "Glory Hole". But then thats another story.
Well as we were driving I was half listening to Wendy when I detected that
her tone had gotten very serious. She ask if she could talk to me about
something that had happened at camp. Shit this was all I needed, I was horner
than anything and this girl wanted to talk serious. I said sure you can talk
to me about anything. Wendy sighed and started telling me how she was out
walking around after lights out one night when she heard these strange noises
comming from the bushes. She said she snuck over to the sounds and she saw
this girl sucking on one of the counselors penis. Well I wasn't prepard for this
at all. I told her to go on. She said that she watched for awhile and after
a few minutes she watched the counselor fuck the girl. I ask Wendy why this
bothered her and she said that It didn't bother her it had made her want to
see more.  She asked if she was a pervert. I told her no of course not what
she was feeling was normal for a 15 year old girl. Let me take a minute here
and described Wendy to you. She stands about 5 foot tall she has light
brown hair with green eyes. She is quite developed for a 15 year old girl.
I asked her what she wanted me to do. Wendy wanted to know if I would talk
her mother into letting her watch a XRated movie so she could see more.
I told her that I didn't think her Mom would go for that. Wendy sighed again
and went silent. We rode along for a couple more miles when I got an idea.
I said Wendy I will help you out but you have to promise not to say a word
to anyone. Wendy quickly agreed. I told her that I knew a store that had the
kind of movies she was looking for but it was illegal for her to go in.
Wendy said Please Please I'll do anything, I just have to see more of the
sex stuff. I said Ok Wendy but I'll have to sneak you into the store through
the back entrance. She giggled and scooted over next to me.  I thought to myself
John your really not gonna do this are you.. And of course the answer was yes.
If this little vixen wanted to see people fucking who am I to stand in the way?
The next 15 miles were a bitch. The closer we got to Hayes the harder my dick
got. I'm pretty sure that Wendy noticed the buldge in my pants because she
layed her head on my arm and rubbed my leg. After what seemed like hours the
exit for hayes finally arrived. It was about 7:30PM so it was getting fairly
dark out. We took the exit and traveled the 5 blocks to the Adult Book store.
When we were about 2 blocks away I told Wendy to get down on the floor so
nobody would see us pull into the parking lot. When we got to the parking lot
I pulled the car around to the back of the building pretty close to the door.
I killed the car and told Wendy to stay where she was at and I went in and
checked out the store. The back door to the store opens into the peepshow
area but the counter attendent can see who comes in that way. After the door
closes you can't see anything because it's real dark until your eyes adjust
to the dark.I walked around the booth area which contained about 20 booths.
There was one guy hanging around and it sounded like just a few of the booths
were being used. My heart was pounding a mile a minute. I went to the counter
past the board of movie titles and changed a ten dollar bill for quarters.
The counter guy didn't give me a second look. I noticed as I was walking
back into the booth area that the counter guy couldn't see anyone in the
booth area unless went out or came in the back door. He couldn't even see
the board that held the VHS boxes for the 20 movie booths. I went straight
through the booth room and out the back door. I got into the car and Wendy
jumped. She wanted to know if I was going to sneek her in or chicken out.
Wendy had never talked to me like that before. But I let it pass. I told her
that when I opened the door she should crawl into the store on her hands and
kness so the counter guy wouldn't see her. I told her as soon as she came to
the first wooden door to open it and go in.
We got out of the car and walked the few steps to the store. I hesitated a
moment before opening the door When all of a sudden Wendy opened the door
and walked right in. I quickly followed her and got into the store just in
time to see her open the door on the nearest booth and go in. I quickly
followed her. When I got into the booth Wendy was giggiling and pointing at
me I ask her what in the hell did she think she was doing and all she would
say was "You should have seen your face." I turned and locked the door and
fished a stack of quarters out of my pocket. I put the quarters on the coin
box and began to feel around for the chair. As I was feeling for the chair
my hand brushed against Wendy's ass. Man I about shot my load right there.
Wendy said Hurry I wanna see the movie. I put a quarter in the coin box
and the movie came to life on the oppisite wall. It showed a woman sucking
this guys hard cock while he was sucking another guy. Wendy looked
surprised but didn't take her eyes off of the screen. We watched the movie
for awhile when Wendy asked if there was another movie I told her that each
booth had a different show. She just kept staring at the movie and said ok.
After the movie was over I asked Wendy if she had seen enough and she said
that she wanted to see another one. By this time I was so far gone I would
have done anything she asked. I opened the booth door and we walked out.
Wendy asked me how I knew what movie was showing in the booths and I told her
about the title board. We went to the title board and Wendy started looking
at the different movie boxes. I noticed that a man was watching Wendy with
a surprised look on his face. Wendy said I wanna see this one I looked and it
was a movie with a picture on the front showing a woman playing with her
cunt. I said ok and we walked back into the booth room. We got to the booth
and went in. I noticed that the man that was watching walked into the booth
right next to the one we were going in. I thought to myself. If she wants
to see sex I'll let her see it first hand. I put a quarter in the box and the
movie started it showed this woman who had just got out of the shower sitting
on the toilet rubbing her cunt. I asked Wendy if she had ever done that , she
looked at me and said "Sure all the time" I told her that sometimes when I
come to this store I play with my dick and she should feel free to play with
her self her if she wanted to. She hesitated and after a couple of minutes I
noticed that she had started rubbing her tit through her shirt. I figured
what the hell and reach over and started rubbing her lower back. When she
didn't object I moved my hand so my fingers were going into the back of her
shorts almost to the crack of her ass. I did this for a few seconds when I
leaned over to her and told her that it would feel better if she took her
shorts off. She didn't hesitate one second before she unbuttoned her pants
and let them fall to the floor. Man oh Man I was fit to be tied. I rubbed
my hand down the cheeks of her ass wrapping my fingers underneath just
barely tounching her cunt. Her underware was sopping wet. I rubbed my
finger tips on her pussy for a few seconds before she spread her legs to
give me better access. I took the cue and pulled her underware down. I sat
her in the chair and got on the floor between her legs. I told her that
I was gonna make her feel good. She just cooed and spread her legs wider.
I moved my face closer to her steaming cunt and breathed in the musky smell
As I began to lightly lick her clit I moved my hands to her shirt and pulled
it over her head. In the time it had taken me to pull her shirt off she had
already released her tits from her bra. Now here was my 15 year old step
daughter, stripped naked in an adult book store with my face buried in her
cunt. As I was eating her cunt she began to moan and after a few minutes
she started to grind her cunt into my face.  After i was sure she had come
I kept lightly kissing and licking her cunt. I glanced over to the wall
and saw the guy in the next booth watching. I figured  what the fuck. Wendy
said that she wanted to see my penis so I stood and dropped my pants. When
my hard cock popped free Wendy's eyes got real big as she stared at her first
dick. She reached out and gently wrapped her hand around my dick and moved
her mouth towards the tip. I almost shot my load in her face. She took the
tip of my dick in her mouth and she must have decided that she liked it
because the next thing I knew she was sucking it like a pro. I had to put
my hand on the wall to keep from falling over. As she was sucking me I senced
that she was also doing something else. I look down at her and I could say that
the guy in the next booth had put his erect dick through the hole in the
booth wall and Wendy was stroking his dick while she was sucking on mine. This
was too much and I shot my load right down Wendy's throat. She gagged and jerked
her head back this caused the good portion of my load to hit her chin and neck.
She looked up at me a smiled. I was so weak I almost fell again. I squated
on the floor in front of Wendy to catch my breath. I then noticed that she
was still stroking the other guy and looking back and forth between me and
the dick she had in her hand. I smiled and nodded my head at her. This was
all she needed she then began to suck this stranger off. I watched Wendy
suck on this strangers dick and it seemed like she was getting hotter and
hotter. She had three of her fingers in her pussy and was pumping them in
and out so fast that juice was flying everywhere. I saw the stranger jerk
and I knew he was getting close to comming. In a few seconds I could see
that he was comming in my daughters mouth. I watched as she kept sucking
on his hard cock I could see she was drinking all of his come.
Once Wendy had milked the strangers cock dry he quickly withdrew his now limp
dick and left the booth. Wendy look at me and said "More" I thought to myself
I have created a dick hungry monster. I told her that it was time to be
getting home as her mother would be expecting us. She sighed and began to
put her cloths back on.
End Part 1

DARKMAN
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
