(c) Copyright 1997 Darkman.   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author, Darkman.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.







Wendy

Written By Darkman
Part 2
Well as we drove back home Wendy fell asleep. I could see her face
by the street lights and I noticed that she loked so incent sleeping
like that. After a few more minutes we pulled into the drive way.
I was still pretty horney so I figured that I would knock off a piece
of the wife before going to bed for the evening. When we entered the
house I could tell that Barbra had been drinking alittle, All the
better. Wendy and har mother talked while I stepped into the shower.
After a nice hot shower I came out and Wendy jumped up and said she
was gonna take a shower and go to bed. I wished her goodnight.
As me and Barbra sat in the living room talking she told me that she
was horny and wanted to fuck. I smiled and said lets go.
Once we were in the bed room and stripped the wife layed her back on the
bed and began to eat her pussy. I senced that I wasn't alone after a few
minutes. I glanced to my right and saw Wendy standing there watching me
eat her mothers pussy. Barbra was moaning loudly, as she often did when she
had been drinking. Wendy kind of giggled and leaned down next to me.
I wispered in her ear to get the hell out. She just smiled and shoved
her face into her mothers cunt and began to lap her mothers cunt.
After a few minutes I could tell that Wendy's cunt lapping was having
an effect on her mother as Barbra started grinding her pussy into Wendy's
face. I sat there in disbelife when Barbra reached down and grabbed her
daughters head so she could grind her pussy harder against her daughters
mouth. Barbra must have relized that it wasn't my head see was holding
but it didn't seem to effect her. I stood up and moved to Barbra's face
so she could suck my cock. She opened her mouth and began to feed at my
cock she was sucking it as she never had before. After a few minutes of
this Barbra stopped sucking me. She turned in the bed so her head was
next to Wendy's head. She started rubbing on Wendy's tits and cunt. I
moved around to the rear of my daughter and positioned my dick on the
crack of her ass. Her mother grabbed my dick and moved it to the opening
of Wendy's cunt. At the same time she move her mouth and began to lick
Wendy's clit. I pressed forward with my cock and entered my daughters
pussy. It was  heaven, her pussy was so tight I thought that she would
pinch it off.  It wasnt long before I felt my balls start to tighten and I
knew it was only a matter of second before I blew my load. I pulled me
cock out of my daughter and quickly turned her around. I blew my load
all over my wife & daughters kissing lips...

DARKMAN















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
