Archive-name: Fetish/wendy.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: My Kinkiest Sex Experiance


 My name is Wendy, I'm a 30 year old Lesbian and although I've had a
 lot of Lesbian lovers in my time, I never really been into Kinky sex.
 However, Iv'e got to tell you about my Kinkiest sex experiance - god
 my pussy gets wet just thinking about it!

 I'll start by describing myself. I'm 5' 5", 145 lbs., with Brown hair,
 Green eyes. I measure 44-34-38 ( I can be described as Rubinesque ).
 My breasts are huge as you can tell and they are very sensitive. I have
 above average body hair. I keep my pussy hair well trimmed, although I
 somtimes let it, as well as the hair under my arms grow. I love the
 sight of a women with lots of hair under her arms.

 My Kinkiest sex experiance involves a women I met at work named Kim.
 She is nearly the same size as I am, except she has curly blond hair.
 We became good friends at work and had gotten together after work a
 couple of times for drinks. I suspected that she might be a Lesbian or
 at least Bi, but I didn't want to approach her about it. If I was going
 to have sex with her, then it would happen eventually.

 One Saturday, Kim was coming over to go shopping with me. She said that
 she would be here at noon, but she was a half-hour early. I had just
 gotten out of the shower and had to throw on a robe to answer the door.
 Kim was wearing a sweat suit and had a clothes bag with her. Shw said
 that she had just finished her workout. She said that she wanted to
 take a shower before we left for the mall. I showed her to the shower
 in my bedroon. She walked into the bathroom and started to undress
 right in front of me. I was surprised but did not try to leave. She
 smiled and kept right on telling me about her workout. When she got
 her top and bra off, I could'nt believe my eyes. Her tits were as big
 as mine, with large pink nipples - Uhm! They looked so good. I wanted
 to suck on them so bad. I felt my pulse quicken and I gave a barely
 audible sigh. Kim then took off her pants and her cotton panties. I
 have never seem a hairier pussy in my life. She had a small trail of
 hair all the way up to her navel. She turned her back to me as she
 kiked off her panties and I could see that she had very light hair
 all along the crack of her ass. But then I happened to notice her
 underarms. My God!! They were covered with hair. I swear I almost came
 just looking at her underarms. My pussy was dripping by now. When she
 turned around, she could tell that I was turned on. She said "Would
 you like to shower with me?" I could'nt get out of my cloths fast
 enough. I got into the shower with her and we started rubbing each
 others breats. With the warm water running down us, It felt so good.
 I leaned over and kissed her mouth, our tongues entwining. I was now
 so hot, that I would come soon. So I decided to get down on my knees
 and get a better look at her pussy. I ran my fingers over her slit.
 Her cunt lips were puffy and spread apart already. I pulled her lips
 as far as I could and licked the entire length of her pussy. I then
 sucked her large erect clit into my mouth and twirled my tongue around
 and around on it. She was moaning and started to buck on my face. She
 must have had a real workout earlier because I could smell her muskie
 sweat, especially around her pussy. After a few more tongue lashing
 she started to talk dirty too me. "Oh suck my pussy, you beautiful
 cunt". "Lick it, Oh yeaa ..right there.. you bitch.. your making me
 come with your tongue.. you slut". She then started to jerk around
 and started coming on my tongue. Her juices squirted into my mouth
 and I drank it all in.  We then washed each other up and got out and
 dried off. I started to dress, when she stopped with a soft wisper in
 my ear - "Now it's my turn to suck your pussy, baby". She then licked
 my ear and pushed me onto the bed. She got between my legs and spread
 them wide. She then started licking my thighs and rubbing my bush with
 her hands. I was still so hot, that I had to have her tongue in me now.
 I grabbed the back of her head and pushed her face into my pussy. She
 pulled back and said, "Wait, baby. Let me do this my way". She then
 spread my pussy lips and put two fingers in me. She said, "Oh, Wendy
 your pussy is so big, I think I can get my whole fist inside". At that
 point, I didn't care what she put in my cunt - I was so damn hory. She
 worked two, then three, then four fingers into my hole. She said,
 "Come on Wendy, loosen your pussy for me". She then tucked her thumb
 into her fist and slipped her entire fist into my now gapping hole.
 I have never felt a sensation like it before. My pussy had never had
 anything that big in it before. I humped my ass into the air to meet
 her thrusts. Kims said, "Wendy, my fist is inside of you and I'm fuck-
 ing you". I said, "Oh Kim, fuck me faster, you fist fuckin' cunt".
 She said, "Get on your knees, baby. I want to lick your asshole while
 I fist fuck you". I get on my hands and knees, all the time keeping
 her fist in me. Kim spread my ass cheeks with her other hand and ran
 her tongue over my asshole. I screamed, "Ah, Kim, baby, put your tongue
 up my ass". She worked her tongue into my asshole all the way. When
 she did this, I came and came. My pussy was contracting on her fist
 as the walls of my anus contracted on her tongue. She said, "I'm gonna
 fist fuck your asshole too". I swear I came again just hearing her say
 that. She worked two fingers into my ass and I felt my sphincter loosen
 up. Then three fingers, and then four, and then tucked her theumb into
 her fist and all at once she rammed her fist all the way up my ass.
 I screamed in pain, but the pain soom turned to pleasure as she worked
 her fists in and out of my pussy and ass. I soon started comming in
 waves. Again, and again, over and over, so many that I lost count. She
 then slowly pulled her fists out of my pussy and asshole. All of the
 fist action had left my pussy slightly soar and left my asshole gapping
 open about an inch. She said, "Oh Wendy, your asshole is streched out
 so big". She then licked the rim of my ass very lightly, It felt sooo
 good. My pussy was so wide open that she was able to lick way inside
 me, farther than I could have imagined. She was actually licking the
 walls of my cunt. It was heaven. I came so violently that I almost
 broke her nose!

 She turned me over and laid on top of me. Her big tits were mashed
 on mine. Her nipples were so big and erect. She rose up and fed a
 nipple into my mouth. I sucked on it and bit down gently. I was really
 getting into her tits, when she said, "Lets eat each other, baby".
 She then spun around and put her ass right over my face. I reached up
 and licked her pussy lips. She tasted so sweet. She was returning
 the favor when she stopped and said, "Wendy, I want to pee in your
 mouth". I stopped and sat up and said "No, I don't think so". She
 said, "Come on, Wendy, you'll love it. It tastes so good and sweet".
 She then grabbed me by the arms and pushed me down on the bed. I did'nt
 realize how strong she was. She had me pinned and I could'nt do any-
 thing about it. I was helpless. She positioned her pussy over my mouth
 and grabbed my hair with her hand and pulled had. She said, "Come on
 you cunt, suck my pussy". I decided to give in. I did'nt have a choice.
 I licked her cunt lick there was no tomorrow. I sucked on her clit
 until she was bucking and thrashing on my face. As she was ready to
 come, she said, "Wendy, when I come Im going to pee in your mouth".
 Her pussy started to contract and I could taste her cum. Then all
 at once a warm stream of piss was shooting into my mouth. It was sweet
 and warm and actually tasted good. She peed for about thity seconds and
 I had to keep swallowing to drink it all down. When she was done, she
 said, "Oh baby that was so good. I want you to pee in my mouth now".
 I positioned my pussy over her mouth and she started to eat me. She
 licked my hole like never before. She would alternate licking my clit
 with her tongue putting her tongue all the way up my cunt. I could'nt
 last much longer. I was moaning and screaming her name. As I was ready
 to come, I said, "Kim baby, I'm gonna come and pee in your mouth".
 She said, "Oh yea, do it now baby". As I came I let out steady stream
 of hot, sweet piss, right in her mouth. She swallowed and swallowed
 to get it all down. I rolled off her and colapsed beside her. I then
 nuzzled up to her and said, "Thanks Kim, that was wonderful". I then
 gave her a long French kiss. I could taste and smell my own piss.

 I can't wait until she introduces me to other water sports.

--
