(c) Copyright 1997 Darkman.   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author, Darkman.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.







Wendy 3

Written By Darkman
As you remember in our first story Wendy sucked her first cock at
an adult book store and in our second story Wendy ate her mother's
pussy.
Later that night, after Wendy and her mother had satisfied each
other Me and the wife were talking. I ask her how she liked Wendy
having sex with her and she said. Shit John that isn't the first
time I let Wendy suck on pussy, don't be a dumb ass. I ask so to
tell me about when this had happen before. She said; Right before
Wendy went away to summer camp me and Wendy were discussing her
growing up, you know she ask why her pussy itched so much and why
her titties hurt. I told her that it meant that she was growing up.
The itching in her pusssy meant that she was horny and should
maybe play with herself. She told me that she had rubbed her
pussy before but really didn't know what I meant be "playing with it"
I instructed her to take off her cloths and I would teach her what I meant.
She was a little shy but did as I asked. I watched her strip and began to
feel my pussy begin to itch. I told myself to stop this now, this is my
15 year old daughter. When wendy had removed all of her cloths I noticed
that she had a few soft baby hairs comming in on her pussy. Her pussy lips
were puffy as all girls's are at this age in their life. I had Wendy lay
on the floor and spread her legs I told her to do what I said and she would
learn. I told her to begin to lightly run her fingers and hands over her
budding breasts slowly working down towards her pussy. As I sat and watched
Wendy rub herslef I became hotter and hotter. I told Wendy to begin to rub
her pussy where ever it felt best and before too long she would cum. Wendy
looked up at me kind of dreamy like and complied. It wasn't long before
she came. For her first come she came hard panting and moving her legs from
wide open to tightly closed. When she had finshed I was fit to be tied.
Wendy dressed and I told her to go out and play. I was hot and had to
relieve myself. As soon as Wendy ran out the door I stripped right there
in the living room. I wanted to drink in the smell of Wendy's hot pussy as
I played with myself. I was sitting in the big chair, naked I threw one
leg over each arm of the chair so I could really get in and scratch my itch.
I closed my eyes laying my head back smelling Wendy and running the scene
of my 15 year old daughter cumming over and over through my mind.
After a few seconds I felt Homers cold nose sniffing my cunt. I had
forgotten about the dog. I jerked up and told him to stop it. He walked
across the room layed down and in a pitafull face layed and stared at me.
Having taken care of that I continued with my pussy, dreaming of Wendy and
the fresh smell of her virgin pussy. After a few seconds I again felt
Homer sniffing my cunt. Before I could chase him off again He began licking
my hand and exposed cunt. It felt great and I was hot so I figured what
the hell. I moved my ass closer to the edge of the chair allowing Homer full
access to my pussy and asshole. He began licking me in erenst Starting at
my asshole and licking clear to the top of my cunt. I again closed my eyes
and layed my head back enjoying Homers attention on my hot pussy. Homer was
really getting into it now and when he licked he would push the tip of his
tounge into my exposed hole. It was fantantic! I was on the verge of cumming
hard. When is felt that I was not alone. I opened my eyes and there stood
Wendy. She had her shorts off and was standing there watching me and Homer
with her hand moving a mile a minute on her sweet pussy. I was to far gone
to stop now and I began to cum in what felt like buckets.  Homer scenced that
I was done turned and left the room. Wendy said Mommy why was homer licking
your pussy. I told her because he liked it and it felt great.
Wendy asked me if it felt better than playing with yourself and I told her
that it was quite a bit better. she asked why and I told her that having
someone lick your pussy was a very good feeling even if it was a dog doing
it. Wendy ask if it was alright if she let Homer lick her so she could
feel what it was like. I was getting hot again watching Wendy play
with her pussy talking about letting Homer lick my pussy watching her
rubbing her bald cunt. I didn't know anything other than that I wanted
to suck the juices out of her pussy myself. I told her to come to me I
put her foot onto the arm of the chair while the other stayed on the floor.
And there was my little girl standing in front of me with her pussy fully
exposed about 6 inches away from my face. I couldn't stop myself.
I dove right in. I began by kissing her hairless pussy lips while at the
same time rubbing her little ass. It was having an effect because Wendy
started pushing her naked pussy onto my face. I figured that the time was
right and I slide my tounge right between her pussy lips.
Enjoying both the taste and smell of our daughter. Wendy about fell down
when I did this. I told her to lay down so I could finsh her lesson.
She layed down And I spread her legs wide apart and began to eat our
daughters pussy with a passion. It wasn't very long before I felt her
building to another climax. She began to buck her hips on my face and
I continued to suck on her sweet pussy. I began to stroke my own pussy
which was dripping a mixture of my pussy juice and Homers spit. Me and
Wendy came at the same time with my fingers buried in my cunt and my
mouth stuck to her pussy. It was great.
So you see when Wendy came into the room before when you were eating me.
I knew, I could smell her hot cunt a mile away. And when she began to lick
my pussy I couldn't resist returning the favor.
Will I sat there dumbfounded, My wife had just told me about eating our
15 year old daughter and letting the family dog lick her pussy. I knew that
things would get very good around this house, sexually speaking.

Well thats it for now.. I wonder what else is in store for little Wendy.
I wonder if she'll let Homer lick her cunt too ?? never know...
Later
Darkman
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....