Wesley's First Duty


   The science lab was empty, as it usually was on Saturday mornings.  I 
preferred to work when the other cadets weren't around, since they tended
to get in the way and distract me from my projects by always asking me
questions about whatever they were doing.

   I was working on my project on warp drive mechanics.  With the hearings
about Josh Albert's death and Captain Picard getting on my case about all
this Starfleet duty shit, I needed to unwind.  The science lab seemed the
best place to be.

   "Weasel!" 

   I flinched at hearing the nickname given to me by the popular guys at
the Academy and turned to see who had shouted it with such an unusually
threatening tone.  It was Nick Locarno.  Nick was also a cadet with me at
the Academy and the lead cadet in my flight squad.  Nick was shaken up
pretty bad about the Josh's death.  He and Josh were best friends and
hardly ever apart from one another.

   "What?" I asked, unable to keep my voice from cracking.

   "Weasel, what the fuck do you think you're doing talking to Picard,"
Nick said as he came toward me.  "You're not planning about telling him
about what happened to Josh, are you?"

   Nick was now standing in front of me, only inches from my face.  He was
breathing heavily in his anger and his eyes remained defiantly fixed onto
mine.  I tried to match his nerve, but could not out-stare him.  I looked
down.  Under his tight Starfleet uniform, I could see his lean, toned
chest moving up and down in fast, regular intervals.

   "Answer me, you fucking turd!" Nick said as he pushed my left shoulder
with his left arm.

   The force of the blow made me step back a few steps and I looked back
into his face, trying to keep myself from shaking.

   "I didn't tell him anything, Nick," I stuttered unconvincingly.

   "You are such a fucking wuss!" 

   I always envied Nick.  He was my opposite in just about every way.  He
was popular, athletic, and all the girls at the Academy wanted him.  He
never talked to me much outside of squad training.  I guess he never
thought of me much until now.  I thought of him all the time.

   "Did you tell Picard that we were practicing that banned maneuver when
Josh got killed?" he shouted.

   "No, Nick.  I wouldn't do that," I whimpered.


   Nick pushed me against the wall and pinned me there with the weight of
his body.  His right forearm pressed against my upper chest and his left
hand clenched my right biceps so hard I losing circulation in my arm.

   "You are such a scrawny little shit, Weasel," he screamed in my face. 
"Just remember, if I go down you and everyone else in the squad goes down
with me."  

   Nick's face was inches from mine.  In his anger, drops of spit shot out
with his every word and hit me on my face.  I remembered the time in the
showers after martial arts training when Nick, Josh and their friends were
getting on my case about how bad I was in class.  I just stood there under
the shower staring at their wet, naked bodies as they called me things
like "wuss," "dipshit," and "Weasel."  Then, Nick filled his mouth with
phlegm and spit at me.  The gob of snot hit my chest, stuck there for a
few seconds, and slowly slid down my body until it stuck in my pubic
hair.  Everyone started laughing and, as always, followed Nick's lead and
started spitting at me, too.  I turned and faced the shower, as the sounds
of guys hurling snot in my direction accompanied the splattering sound of
it landing on my back.  I remember looking down at my dick, staring at
Nick's snot stuck in pubes.  It turned me on.  I made the water colder to
get rid of the hard-on I was getting.  I heard everyone laughing again and
turned my head to see what was going on.  Josh was standing right behind
me, holding his dick up, and began peeing all over my back.  The other
guys, still laughing and calling me names, surrounded me and started doing
it, too.  I turned back to the wall and begged them to stop, worried that
my dick would get hard again, as I felt streams of hot piss hitting my
body.  I often replayed this scene when I was alone in the Academy
holosuite.  

   "I know, Nick, I know. I wouldn't do that to you. Honest," I whined.

   Nick didn't seemed convinced and pressed me harder against the wall. 
"What's your first duty," he screamed in my face.  

   "Nick, why are you doing this?"  I struggled to get away from him, but
barely move under his firm grip.

   "Answer me, Weasel.  What is your first duty!"

   "To Starfleet, Nick!  To Starfleet!"

   Nick threw me on the ground.  I landed on my stomach and instinctively
turned to get up, but before I could Nick was on top of me, pinning my
shoulders to the floor with his forearms.

   "You just don't get it, Weez, do you?" Nick said menacingly.  "I always
worried I wouldn't be able to count on you.  Now, I know it's true."

   "You can count on me, Nick. Honest," I whined as I squirmed under his
weight.  "Tell me what you want me to do."

   Nick grinned.  "Your first duty is to the squad, Weasel.  Remember that."

   "I will, Nick, I promise.  My first duty is to the squad."

   Nick grabbed my shoulders and shook my head so it slammed against the
floor.  "Why are you such a fucking wuss?" he screamed.  "Why couldn't you
have been the one who fucked up out there?  Josh is dead and a dipshit
like you is still alive.  I don't get it."

   Nick's body pressed harder into mine as he began shaking my head.

   "Nick, stop it!" I shouted, closing my eyes in pain.

   "Why don't you fight back, then, huh?"

   "Nick, please.  You're hurting me," I pleaded.

   Nick's hard body grinded into me even more.  I dreamed about having him
on top of me like this and worried about getting hard.  

   Suddenly, Nick stopped shaking me.  "What's this?" he asked, raising
his body above me as he looked down toward my crouch.

   Oh God, please no, I thought to myself.

   "The Weasel's getting a woody," Nick said, looking into my face with a
grin.  "I should have known."

   Nick stood up on his knees, straddling my chest, and began to unzip his
pants.

   "Nick, what are you doing?" I stammered.

   "Shut up Weez," he answered, lowering his underpants to reveal his
hardening cock.  

   It was much bigger than I had programmed into the holosuite program
that I used when I had sex with Nick's holographic image.  I had to guess
what he'd be like hard, and then make it smaller so it would fit in my
ass.  In reality, it must have been about nine inches and was nice and
wide.  It curved a little to the left and throbbed as the blood pulsated
up his shaft.

   I was so turned on, but was afraid to let Nick know.  "What are you
doing, Nick?" I exclaimed.

   "Stop whining Weez," Nick said as he grabbed the sides of my head with
his hands.  "I'll give you something to make you stop whining."

   Before I could protest, Nick slammed his cock into my mouth and I gagged.

   "Suck it, Weez, or I'll beat the shit out of you."

   I didn't need the order.  I quickly began running my tongue around his
shaft as he moved it slowly in and out of my mouth.  It was so wide, my
jaw ached at first, but I soon got used to it.  I wanted to please Nick so
badly, that I wasn't about to give up.

   Because of the position I was in, I couldn't move my head back and
forth as much as I would have liked.  I guess Nick must have noticed this,
too, 'cause he started to jerk my head back and forth with his hands.  I
kept gagging and could only take about half of him in with my head curved
the way it was.

   Without taking his dick out of my mouth, Nick leaned forward over my
body into a pushup position and started face fucking me.  I was able to
take more of him in from this angle and liked the feeling of him forcing
his hot cock farther down my throat.
   
   "Man, I can tell you like this, Weez," Nick said.  "Josh could do it a
lot better than you, though."

   I almost came in my pants when he said that.  The thought of him and
Josh getting it on really turned me on.  I wanted so much to jerk myself
off, but was afraid to.  I wanted to please Nick.  I wanted him to like
doing me more than Josh.

   I put my hands on Nick's waist and gently indicated I wanted to turn
him over.  I needed to make sure he wanted it before I did it.  Nick
turned onto his back and I onto my stomach, never letting his cock get too
far away from my face.  When he had settled, I took him all in and let him
throb deep inside my throat.  I pulled his pants farther down his legs and
felt his strong thighs.

   "Yeah, Weez, suck my cock," Nick said.

   I looked up and saw him tilt his head back.  I could tell he liked what
I was doing.  From this position I could take him all in and suck him off
really good.  I moved my hands onto his balls and felt them in their soft,
warm sack.  This was so much hotter than the holosuite program.

   I ran my hands under his shirt, over his tight abs, and up to his firm
pecs.  He had such the perfect body.  It was lean, smooth and tight, and I
had it all in my hands.  I ran my fingers over his nipples.  They were
firm and pointy.  I heard Nick groan as I rubbed my fingers in circles
around his tits.

   "Damn, Weez," Nick said, getting up on his elbows, "Turn over on your
stomach."

   I did what he told me without saying a word.  Nick got up and walked
behind me.  I looked over my shoulder and watched him take off his boots,
pants, underwear and shirt.  I couldn't believe I had the real Nick
standing over me naked, with his hard, throbbing dick glistening with my
saliva.  Seeing him like that made my mouth water.  I wanted him down my
throat again.

   "You want my cock, don't you, Weez," Nick said as he started stroking
himself.

   I just stared up at him and licked my lips.

   Nick bent down and pulled off my boots.  Then, he grabbed the ends of
my pants and started pulling.  My whole body started moving with them.

   "You're such a skinny dweeb, Weez," he said.

   I reached down to unfasten some buttons.  My pants and underwear
slipped off easily and Nick let me legs fall back to the ground.  I was on
my side looking up at him.  I could see Nick looking at my dick and I
blushed and turned back onto my stomach.  I was so much smaller than Nick
was.  

   Nick laughed a little.  "Don't worry, Weez," he said, "It's not like
you gonna need to use it any time soon."

   Nick then lay on top of me, pressing his dick between the cracks of my
ass as he slid my shirt off.  He started grinding against my body.  He
felt so good on top of me.  Every time he pressed against me, his weight
squeezed my dick against the floor, bringing me closer to climax.  

   His dick started probing my ass, looking for my hole.  I started to get
scared.  Nick was so much bigger in person than the way I programmed him
on the holosuite and I was afraid to let him fuck me.

   "Nick," I said, trying to roll over.  "I want you to fuck my mouth some
more."

   "I bet you do, Weez," Nick answered.  "But, I want to fuck your ass now."

   I tried to roll over some more, but Nick was too strong for me.  "I-I-I
don't know about that, Nick."

   "What's there to know, Weez?"

   Nick slid down my body and began fingering the outside of my hole.  I
turned back to watch.  Nick's fingers did feel good against my hole, but
his fingers were a lot smaller than his cock.  I turned and looked
forward, not sure what I should do.  I couldn't make him stop; if I tried;
he'd beat the shit out of me.  

   I slowly turned over onto my back.  Nick didn't seem to mind.  He
parted my legs and kept fingering my hole.  I started to jerk off.  Nick
didn't seem to mind that either.

   "Don't come too soon, Weez," Nick said sternly.  "I'm gonna take my time."

   I stopped jerking off.  I usually came too easily and didn't want to
piss Nick off.

   I looked down and watched my dick throb with pleasure as Nick  rubbed
his fingers around my hole and began pressing one inside.  I tensed.

   "Relax, Weez," Nick said.  "This can't be the first time you've done this."

   Nick then grabbed the under side of my knees with his hands and pushed
my body forward, exposing my hole more openly.  I heard him fill his mouth
with saliva and spit.  His warm juice hit my hole and he began to work it
in with one hand, while holding my body up with the other.  I leaned  my
head back, and felt my cock throb uncontrollably.  

   Nick continued to spit saliva on my ass and probe my hole with his
fingers.  Soon, he was able to stick a finger up without any jerks of
protest from my body.  Then, he started to use two.

   "Nick, I don't know if I can take this," I said.

   "Weez, if you don't relax, it's gonna hurt a lot more," Nick
countered.  "Fuck, I wish Josh were still here.  He knew how to make me
feel good and he liked it."

   I stopped squirming and let two of Nick's fingers enter me.  The
thought of Nick fucking Josh made me so fucking hot.  I wanted to make
Nick feel good.  I wanted him to like me just as much as Josh.  Nick began
to twist his two fingers in my ass each time he entered me.  It hurt at
first, but I got used to it.  I kept thinking of him and Josh together and
tried to forget about the pain.

   After a while, Nick turned me back on my stomach.  

   "Get on all fours," he said.

   As I got up on my knees, I felt his cock slap against the cheeks of my ass.

   "You have such a skinny ass, Weez," Nick said.

   I kept quiet and closed my eyes.  If I wasn't as good as Josh, he'd
probably beat the shit out of me and never have sex with me again, I
thought.  I had to make him like me.

   I listened as Nick spit saliva on his hands and rubbed it over his
shaft.  It made a nice slippery sound and I started wanting his dick up my
ass.  I began pressing my ass against his cock, rubbing my cheeks against
it.

   "You see, Weez," Nick said, "I knew you'd want it."

   Nick pressed the head of his cock right on my hole and began to slowly
push it in.  My heart pounded, but I tried to relax.

   "Oh, Nick stop.  Oh, stop," I said, as my hardon went limp.

   "Shut the fuck up, Weez," Nick said as he grabbed my shoulders to keep
me from pulling away.

   I forced myself to keep breathing and relax, even though my body wanted
to tighten up.  

   "See, Weez.  You can take it."

   I looked back and saw Nick push his cock all the way in me.  He started
to fuck me slowly and I looked forward, biting my lower lip to keep myself
from pleading with him to stop.

   Nick began fucking me harder and every once in a while slapped my ass
cheeks with his hands.  I lowered my upper body so I could rest my face on
the ground.  Sweat poured from my body.  I started to get numb as Nick
pumped on, moaning from time to time.

   "You are such a dead fuck, Weez," he said angrily, not letting up from
the pounding he was giving me.  "Are you ever gonna move your ass?"

   "I'd rather be on my back, Nick," I said, hoping that by watching him
fuck me I would get more into it and get him off faster.

   "O.K., Weez, turn over," Nick said as he pulled out of me.

   My ass burned as I rolled over onto my stomach.  Nick propped my legs
up with his hands as he entered me easily.

   "You're pretty wide now, Weez," Nick said as he started fucking me hard
again. 

   My hopes proved true: watching Nick do me started making me hard
again.  I ran my hands up and down his tight body, which was now wet with
sweat.  His nipples felt ripe and hard.  I began contracting my ass muscle
every time he thrust forward and letting go each time he pulled out.

   "Shit, that's nice, Weez."

   I dared not touch my cock, 'cause I knew I'd blow my wad right there if
I did.  I wanted so much to get Nick off better than he'd ever gotten off
before.  I started to move my ass in circles as he pulled in and out of me
and as my ass muscles grabbed onto his dick as it tried to hold on to his
meat.

   I could feel my cum building up within me.  I had never come without
touching myself before or without a holographic image getting me off.  I
never knew anyone could, but I'd never been with a real guy before.

   "Nick, I'm getting close," I moaned.

   "I know," he replied.

   I looked down at my throbbing dick as Nick continued to pump me.  My
ass muscles massaged his dick as hard as they could.  I couldn't stand it
anymore; I needed Nick to come in me.

   "Oh Nick," I screamed, throwing my head back.

   Cum shot from my dick each time Nick plowed into me.  I never had come
so hard in my life.  My wad hit my face on my second and third load and I
opened my mouth to let it drip in.  I was numb with pleasure.

   As my orgasm subsided, I looked back down at Nick, who was still in me.

   "Nick, you have to pull out," I whined.  "I already came.  You'll hurt me."

   "Fuck you, Weez."

   Nick pounded my ass harder and I tried to squirm away from him.

   "Nick, stop," I screamed.  "Please."

   I finally managed to pull my ass away from his cock and tried to slide
away from him, my sweaty body moving easily on the cold floor.  Nick
grabbed me, turned me over onto my stomach, and pushed me into the corner
of the room.  My head slammed against the wall, stunning me.

   "Nick, what are you doing to me," I whined, starting to cry.

   "Shut the fuck up, Weez," he said.  "Or I'll make it worse."

   Nick entered me hard.  Then, he pulled all the way out so only the head
of his cock was in me and then rammed his whole shaft back into me so
fiercely my head hit the wall.  He kept doing this over and over again,
slapping my ass with his hands and shouting at me.  I now knew what some
of the female cadets meant when I overheard them talking about how Nick
could fuck like a Klingon.

   "I'll fucking tell you when I'm finished with you, you fucking turd."

   I started to feel numb again.  My cum had dried on my face and body and
began to itch.  I could no longer tell if I wanted Nick to stop or not,
but let my body go totally limp for him to take.  I slowly stopped crying.

   I could tell from Nick's moans that he was getting close and I turned
to look up at him.  Sweat was pouring down his body.  He was so fucking
hot.

   Suddenly, Nick let out one long grunt.  I shuttered as I felt Nick's
huge load shoot deep inside my hole.  He must have shot six or seven times
and let out a loud grunt with each one until he finally stopped and slid
out of me.  

   I turned back around and lay still, not sure if moving would anger
Nick.  When I was I could hear Nick getting dressed, I turned around and
sat up.  Nick looked over at me and grinned.  He was standing with his
pants on and was about to pull his shirt over his body.

   "That was pretty hot, Weez," he said.  "I was surprised you could take it."

   I still felt numb from the pounding sensation in my ass and in my head.

   "You are so hot, Nick," I said hesitantly, not sure if he wanted me to speak.

   Nick tossed his shirt aside and came over to me.  He bent down and
grabbed the sides of my face.  My body tingled with the idea that he might
kiss me.

   "Now, you better not tell Picard anything, Weez," Nick said as he shook
my face in front of his.  "If you do, I'll do this again and the next time
won't be as nice."

   He released my head and got up, going back to his shirt to put it on. 
All I could do was stare up at him and watch with disappointment as
covered his hot body with his Starfleet uniform.

   "And Wes," Nick said as he kicked my clothes over to me, "What's your
first duty?"

   I stared up at him, wondering if he really liked me and if I was as
good as Josh or his girlfriends were.

   "Wes, what's your first duty," he asked again.

   "To you, Nick," I replied.  "My first duty is to you."

   Nick laughed and turned and walked toward the door.

   "Wes," he called, as he paused by the door, "I mean it when I tell you
that I'll fuck you over if you squeal on me and the squad."

   I remained silent and watched the door slide closed after Nick passed
through.

   I slowly gathered my clothes and thought about what I would tell Picard
the next time I saw him...
