                             Wesley's Fantasy

     Wesley woke up on the weekend like he always did....horny! His cock was
already throbbing. But this weekend would be different.He wasn't going to just 
spend the day laying in bed and stroking his cock. Today he had a whole holo-
deck reserved for his "project". He managed to break the security locks on
it several weeks ago. Now he could program anything he wanted and not have to
worry about being caught. 
     His cock throbbed in anticipation of what the day would bring him. He 
spent months working on this program. It took a lot of time and research to 
enable him to bring his fantasy to life. It was really pure luck that he 
stumbled on them at all. 
     He was doing research into old earth culture and "tv" programs when he 
found two the the cutest looking guys he ever saw. Their names were Jeremy 
miller and river phoenix. He first saw river in a program called "Mosquito
Coast" and he fell in love. He then decided to see if there were any other
guys that might interest him, so he had the computer do a little searching
for him and found Jeremy.
     Wes spent the next several weeks making sure the computer had all the
needed data to reconstruct their bodies in minute detail. This was the real
tricky part, because he didnt want to see them until the program was finished.
And today would be the day. He was getting hard just thinking about it. "Man,
I'm gonna have to shoot a load now." He slowly stood up from bed and took his
shirt off. He ran his fingers up and down his slim chest. He stopped his hands
at his nipples to rub and play with them until they got hard. His cock was
really starting to throb now. He slid his hands all over his chest a few times,
lingering for a few seconds at the area around his nips. He then slid his hands
down his smooth sides towards his pants. He slipped his hands under the waist 
of his pants and started to stroke his smooth, tight thighs.
     Wes's 16 year old teenage body was tense with his arousal. His breathing
started to get heavy. His hands continued to rub his body. But he didnt touch
his cock yet. He wanted to prolong this. His as hands now pushed his pants 
down around his ankles and he stepped out of them. 
     Wes just stood there for a few minutes. His teenaged boy body shining with
a light coating of sweat. His penis throbbed and stuck straight out from his
smooth body. He had a patch of brown curly hair at the base of his shaft, but
none on his balls or the shaft itself. His ass and thighs were completely 
hairless from the hair dipilatory cream he rubbed on himself on occasion. 
     Wesley walked over to the mirror, his cock bobbing up and down as he 
walked. It turned him on to see his 7 inch penis sticking out in front of him.
He slowly brushed his hand up and down the length of his shaft, while watching
himself in the mirror. His eyes travelled all over his smooth, hairless chest. 
Going down to his flat stomach, then to his cock with its patch of brown pubic
hair. Meanwhile, his one hand grasped his hard dick and started to stroke it
as his other hand caressed his smooth hairless balls, working its way back to
his tight ass cheeks. Rubbing his ass in the same tempo that he stroked his 
dick. He was the image of a teenage boy in his sexual prime! The pre-cum 
started to ooze out of the head of his cock, a small glistening trail of it
travelled down his cock head, onto his shaft and stroking hand making it
be slippery. He stopped stroking his dick long enough to spread his boy juice 
all over the head, making it shine. 
      A low moan escaped him as his passion built up. He started stroking his
cock harder and faster now, while his other hand feverishly roamed all over
his smooth teenaged body. All he could think of was the sight of River, in that
movie, as he swung from a tree, wearing nothing but a pair of shorts. 
    With his passion building, Wes started to moan and talk "God, he's so hot.
His cock was so hard!!" The scene of River swinging from a tree came back to 
him. He could see river's cock straining against his underwear. 
    "ohhhh....goddd...river, suck my cock, please!!! suck it, suck my hard,
throbbing cock!!" 
    Wes's orgasm started to build. His balls got tight and pulled up. His cock
oozed a think stream of pre-cum witch slid down his shaft and over his tight 
fist, leaving a gleaming trail. He stroked his shaft faster and faster as his
cum built up in his tight balls! His other hand continued stroking his chest
and tight thighs. 
    A load moan escaped Wesley as he began to feel his teenaged cum work its
way up his throbbing shaft. His eyes locked onto his reflection as he watched 
the head of his cock swell and shoot out a thick white stream of boy-cum.
His cock was pointed straight up as he stroked it. His cum landed in stream 
from his left nipple down to his stomach. He stroked his cock as he shot out
4 more big squirts of his cum. All of it landed on his chest and stomach. 
   He looked at himself in the mirror. He saw a tall slim boy, with tousled 
light brown hair and brown eyes. His cum was all over him. Its was dribbling 
down his sweaty torso and dripping on to his still throbbing cock. Some of it
started to slide down his smooth thighs. The sight of his teen boy body covered
in all the cum just made him hornier. With the hand that was jerking him off
he reached up and began to spread his cum all over his chest, cock and balls.
  His whole body gleamed with smooth coating of his thick, white cum. The room
smelled. To Wes, it smelled like a hot bodied, teenage boy. It was the smell
of sweat, sex and cum. It the best smell he ever sensed.
  With his urges satisfied for the moment, Wes took one last look at his cum 
coated body, and then walked, still naked, with his softening cock, into the
shower to get cleaned up. His teenaged cock started to get hard again as soon
as he started to rub the cum off himself, but he wanted to save the rest of
his juice for the holodeck, and Jeremy and River.

  

    After he had had cleaned himself and the room up, Wesley put on some fresh 
clothes. His cock hadn't completely softened, but it wasn't throbbing either.
Jerking off took just enough of the edge off of his desire so that he could 
think clearly.
    He headed over to the computer terminal to ready the security bypasses he
installed. His slim body leaned over the computer terminal, his brow slightly 
creased as he concentrated on the screen. He worked for several minutes, all
the time thinking of would he was going to be doing with those two teenaged
boys. A slight sheen of sweat appeared on his face, as his heart started to
beat faster. His cock, which had grown soft, now started to get hard again. It
slid down the leg of his pants. Wes could feel the heat of it on his thigh
as it throbbed. "Whoa. I better get down there fast before i cream my pants" He
turned the computer off and stood up slowly. He ran his hand through his 
lightly tousled hair. 
    He looked down at his crotch and could see the outline of his cock through
the leg of his pants. He reached into his pants to arrange his dick so it
wouldn't show so easily. He stroked it a few times, but stopped when he felt
some cum ooze out of the tip. He wiped off the little bit of pre-cum with his
hand so it wouldn't show through his pants. He pulled his hand out and looked 
for a moment at the clear liquid on his finger. He brought his hand up to his
nose and inhaled deeply. Not being able to control his desire, he slowly
inserted his finger into his mouth and swirled his tongue around, while 
imagining it was something else that he was sucking on.
    "ohhh, man. I better get to the holodeck now. I'm gonna wind up shooting
a load in my pants." Wesley quickly checked his room to make sure nothing
was amiss, and then headed out the door. 
     His smooth face was slightly flushed with embarrassment, because he was 
sure people could see he had a hardon. He hurried quickly to the holodeck.
     Wesley finally reached the holodeck. Now his penis was slightly soft
from worry. He began to doubt if he had made all the needed by passes. But
his teenage hormones soon won out. Reaching up to the control panel beside
the door, Wesley keyed in the sequence that would load up his program. With 
his cock throbbing again, Wesley walked up to the holodeck doors and walked
in.
    He called for the arch and activated the security locks that would prevent 
anyone from walking in. There was a very noticeable bulge in his pants now.
With his voice cracking slightly from his sexual tension, Wesley turned towards
the center of the room and said "Computer, Begin Wes Fuck". 
    The familiar gold and black grid was replaced with a bed. A bed that was 20
feet by 20 feet. The bed was surrounded by bottles of oils and balms. There
were various erotica toys strewn on the bed. But there were only two things 
Wesley had eye for now. The two gorgeous teenagers on the bed. Two of the most
beautiful boys Wesley had ever seen in his sixteen years. 
    They both had loose fitting clothes on. River had his shirt open half way
down to his stomach. The sight of his chest, with those smooth pecs, made 
Wesleys shaft throb even harder. He slowly walked over to the bed and just 
stood there for a few moments, but his urges soon over whelmed his initial
hesitation. He bent down and climbed onto the bed, crawling on his hands and 
knees, until he came to rest between Jeremy and River.
    He brought a trembling hand up to River's exposed chest, while river just
sat there with a smile on his face. Slowly, Wes placed his hand on River's 
chest. He could feel the heat radiating off of his hot body. His skin 
was smooth, and a very light tan color. He moved his hand off to the sides of
River's chest, slowly pushing the shirt aside, until he saw his nipple. Its
was stiff and a dark brown color, without any hair. He slowly touched
River's nipple with the tip of his finger, and river sighed with pleasure.
   Wesley began to get overcome by his lust for this smooth boy. He quickly
moved his hands down and unbuttoned River's shirt. He then quickly pulled 
the shirt off. The sight of river, sitting there shirtless, momentarily 
stunned Wesley, and he leaned back slightly, right into Jeremy. He turned around
to look at him and was surprised to see that his shirt was also off. 
   Wes suddenly jerked his head around, as he felt a hand begin to rub his 
bulge. Wesley was now leaning against Jeremy while River continued to stroke
Wesley's cock through his pants. Wes's breathing began to get heavy, as Jeremy
slowly pulled Wes's shirt off and river began tugging at his pants. Wes's hard
cock was slowly revealed as river continued to pull off his pants. It popped
straight up when the waist of the pants went past the head of his throbbing
hardon.
    Jeremy finished pulling his Wes's shirt off as river pulled his pants off.
Wesley was now completely naked. His hard, throbbing cock standing straight
up. He was leaning against Jeremy, and could feel his smooth chest rubbing
against his back. River meanwhile, removed his own pants, exposing his 8 inch
cock, nestled in a light brown bush of pubic hair. His shaft and balls were
also smooth and hairless, like Wes's. River stood up on the bed, his dick
standing out in front of him. He slowly rubbed his hand up down the length
of his shaft, while his other hand played with his balls. He continued this 
until a drop of his pre-cum appeared at the slit of his penis. He then got on 
his knees and moved closer to Wes. His cock was inches away from him. 
     With his hand firmly wrapped around his hard shaft, he brought the 
glistening tip of his prick to Wesley's chest, and rubbed some of the goo
on his cock onto Wes's nipple. 
     Wesley' moaned with his desire. His cock throbbed rapidly now. A nice, 
thick stream of his juice going down the length of his shaft. River leaned
closer and pulled Wes up. The two teenage boys were on standing on their
knees facing each other. Their hard cocks almost touching. River reached out 
pulled Wes by his shoulders, until their hard bodies were touching. He wrapped
his arms around Wes, as Wes did the same to him. Their bodies pressed against
each other. Their chest rubbing, nipples hard and brushing against their 
smooth skin. Their two cocks were also rubbing together now, juices mixing
from each boy and coating each other.
      River quickly leaned forward, and Wesley fell back, onto the bed. River
fell on top of him. Wes was moaning now, mad with desire. The feeling of all
that hot, smooth boy flesh pressed against his own was making him go crazy.
River slid down the length of Wesley's straining body. He stopped at
Wesley's slim chest and began to rub it. He licked and then sucked on each of
Wes's nipples. He then slid further down to Wes's pulsing boy meat.
"Oh please, suck my cock river..suck it hard!! I want to cum down your 
throat!!" Wes spoke in a high, loud voice. River meanwhile wrapped his
hand around Wesley's shaft and began to very slowly pump him.
      Jeremy meanwhile had taken his pants off and was now crawling over to
Wesley, his cock bobbing up and down. He straddled his face. Wesley now
had Jeremy 7 inch rod hanging in his face. His heavy, slightly fuzzy balls 
hung
just above his brow. Jeremy lowered himself until the tip of his cock touched
Wesley's forehead. Wes eagerly reached up and grabbed the pulsing shaft. He 
looked at it closely, the veins running on the underside, the swollen head. Wes
began to jack Jeremy's cock. Almost as soon as he he began, he saw some cum
leak out of the head. Wes couldn't resist tasting some of this sweet boys cum.
He brought the head of Jer's penis to his mouth and slowly began to lick it.
       River, meanwhile, stopped jerking on Wes's cock and now began to slowly
suck it. As soon as Wes felt his throbbing meat slide into rivers mouth, he 
reached his hands around Jeremy to grab his ass and shove his cock deep into 
his mouth. Wes now had 4 inches of cock stuffed in his mouth, with two heavy 
balls hanging in his face. He could feel the hard, hot throbbing shaft begin
to swell, as he swirled his tongue over the head and glans of this wonderful
cock. Wes was at his peak now...his hips began to buck, as he tried to shove
his cock deeper down river's throat. While river was sucking on Wes, he was 
also stroking his own hard prick. 
      All three boys were covered in a coating of sweat now. They were all
moaning and making noises, as each reached their peak, and began to shoot
their teenaged cum into and all over each other. 
     Wesley felt the cock in his mouth swell up and then begin to shoot a big
load of cum, which filled Wesley's mouth and began to drip down his cheeks. 
Wes managed to swallow the second spurt, but knew he would choke on the third,
so he took that boy-cock out of his mouth and let it spray its load all over
him.
     Wesley's cock began to dump its load at the same time. River sucked 
Wesley's cock all the way down his throat, which made Wes cum even harder.
But then he took Wes's dick out of his mouth and rapidly stroked his fist up 
and down it, was Wesley sprayed cum all over himself and river.
    As Wesley's cock began to shoot less cum river, river leaned forward and 
stroked his own cock until he too let loose with a load of sperm. He
collapsed on top of Wes, as his cock continued its spurts, all over 
Wesley's chest and stomach.
    When the three boys finally stopped shooting cum, they just laid their
momentarily. Wesley had three loads of cum covering his slim, sweaty
body. River was lying on top of him, with his cock pressed against his 
stomach. Wesley was just lost in the most satisfying experience he had
ever had. 
    He had two teenage studs by him. One sweaty guy was lying on top of
him, their bodies lubricated by sweat and cum. Jeremy had leaned forward 
on top of river, which left his cock hanging in Wes's face. There was a small
drop of cum leaking out of it, which fell right onto Wesley's already cum
coated face. Having the weight of all that teenaged, boy flesh pressing
onto him, combined with the smell of all that sweat and cum, was too much
for Wes. He passed out with both boys lying on him.


     An hour passed, when a cum coated Wesley finally woke up. He was lying
on the bed, with river lying right on top of him. Jeremy was lying on top
of river, with his head resting on the smooth cheeks of river's ass. And his
balls and penis, now limp, was hanging directly over Wesley's face.
     Wesley couldn't remember having any other experience that was as great
as this one. Nor could he ever remember waking up to such a great sight, as
Jeremy's cock and balls hanging in his face.
     Wesley started to squirm out from under that great pile of teenaged flesh.
He eventually worked himself out from the pile and stood up. There was Wesley,
looking down at these two sweaty boys, his own body sticky from partially 
dried cum.
    It was time to move things to the next step. "Computer, set tempreture to
32 degrees Celsius, and humidity to 100%". For Wesley, teen sweat and cum was
like ambrosia. He could already feel the tempreture start to rise, and the
sweat begin to accumulate on his body.
    "Computer, a full length mirror please." A full length mirror appeared in
front of Wes. He greedily studied his body in the mirror. It was a much
improved image then the last one. This time his chest, and even his face, had
a rather heavy layer of cum on it. A little bit had dried, mostly on his
arms and legs, but his chest had stayed moist, since river's sweaty body
had been laying onto of him, keeping it wet. 
     He looked down at his cock, which was starting to get hard. It was full of
dried up cum and spit, and it was very sticky. With the new tempreture, Wes
knew his dick would get even stickier, so he had the computer create a large
shower, which he quickly stepped into. He turned up the water to a hot level,
and began to rub all that great cum off his hot body. His dick started to 
swell up from being rubbed clean, so Wesley began to jerk him self off
a little. He had only just begun to stroke himself, when a pair of hands
wrapped themselves around his chest, and began to rub his chest and stiff
nipples. 
    Wesley just assumed it was either Jeremy or River, which is why he was 
startled when the voice he heard next was not theirs. He quickly spun
around, his cock bobbing around as he did, but was very relieved, and even
more aroused when he saw who it was.
    It was another teenaged boy. But where Jeremy and River were gorgeous
studs, this boy was cute and slim. He had blond hair and blue eyes. When he
smiled he had the cutest, most beautiful face. Unlike the other boys, he had
absolutely no hair on his body at all. His cock was completely bare of any
pubic hair.
   His cock.....its was the same length as Wesley's, but it wasn't hard.
Instead of his cock shrinking like most do when they are soft, his stayed 
the same length. His skin was a pale creamy color, and so was his cock. It
was this shaft of meat, 6 inches long, which just hung straight down
between his legs. His balls were a little large, and hung heavy. 
   Wesley's couldn't take his eyes off that piece of boy meat, looking
at it just hanging there. Wes gave out a little gasp when Danny started
to walk towards him. He watched as that cute cock swung back and forth with
each step.
   By now, Wesley's shaft was hard and throbbing again. He slowly knelt in 
front of this boy and reached out and picked up that delicious looking
cock. It was completely limp is his hands. 
   Wes began to slowly fondle his new toy, while his other hand played with 
those big, smooth, heavy balls. Danny spread his legs and bent his knees 
slightly to allow Wesley more access to his penis and balls.
   When Danny spread his legs, Wesley took the opportunity to reach through
Danny's legs and feel his ass. What he felt was a smooth soft globe of
flesh. Wesley continued to stroke Danny's shaft, which began to stiffen
up. His other hand continued to play with his ass, while his fore arm
brushed up against those juicy looking balls. 
   Wesley got tired of stroking and decided he wanted to do some tasting.
He lifted up the slim shaft and brought the tip of it to his lips. He 
slowly sucked it into his mouth, like a piece of spaghetti. Soon the head
slid past his lips, as he sucked more of it into his mouth. His lips slid
down the shaft, which by now was rock hard. Wes couldn't get enough of this
sweet looking boy. He kept on sucking, drawing more and more of that 
wonderful hunk of flesh into his mouth. 
   By now, Danny's prick was incredibly hard, harder then Wesley's dick, even
harder the either Jeremy's or River's dicks had been. But it was also the
shortest, at 6 inches, and it was very slim. Wesley was turned on by
how cute his dick was, and decided he was going to try something he hadn't
done with the other two boys. He was going to suck that cock all the way down
his throat. He watched as the hard, throbbing shaft slid further past his
lips. He almost gagged when the tip of Danny's penis hit the back of his 
throat, but he relaxed for a moment to let his throat get used to the 
feeling of having all that teenaged meat in it.
   He rubbed his tongue all up and down the length of the shaft in his mouth.
He brushed the back of his tongue along the underside of the head, and when he
did this a little drop of cum came out of the tip of Danny's prick.
   This spurred Wesley on, so he wrapped his arms around Danny's hips, and
grabbed his ass with both hands, as he pushed him deeper and deeper into
his mouth. Until his nose brushed up against Danny's smooth crotch.
   He could feel that hard slim shaft resting in his throat. Wesley wanted
to feel that shaft cum, so he started rubbing his tongue all over the shaft,
while he made swallowing motions with his throat. This massaged the 
throbbing head of Danny's cock.
   Wesley was playing with Danny's ass while he was sucking on his dick. He
was kneading those smooth globes of flesh when his finger brushed against
his tight asshole. With his finger already wet from the shower, which was 
still on, he quickly pushed against that smooth opening, and felt his
finger slide into a warm, wet opening.
  When Wesley slid his finger into Danny's ass, Danny let out a load moan.
When Wesley heard Danny moan, he looked up at him. The sight that he saw almost
made him cum. 
  There was this sweet, blond haired, blue eyed boy standing above him. His
face was all scrunched up from the incredibly pleasure Wes was giving him.
His slim, fine chest was heaving rapidly, with beads of water running down
his chest, and onto his crotch and Wesley's face.
  Wesley wanted to taste his cum NOW. He began to suck very hard on the 
cock in his mouth, as he pumped his finger in and out of that tight hole.
He felt the tip of that slim cock swell in his throat and knew he was about
to get his wish. 
  With one more hard push up his ass, Danny began to unload all the cum
that was in his heavy teenaged balls. Wesley felt the tip swell up even more
in his mouth, and then he felt the shaft convulse and a think warm stream of
cum shot out of the tip of the cock and down his throat. Danny's cock
spasm ed again, and another long hard shot of boy juice went down Wesley's
throat.
  Wesley wanted to taste some of that cum, so he pulled the cock part way
out of his throat, until the head of the penis was resting on his
tongue. He rapidly wiped his tongue over the tip, and was rewarded with
yet another think warm squirt of cum. He swirled it around in his mouth
and was caught off guard when a 4 squirt came, which over filled his mouth and
caused a think stream of white cum to run down his cheek. He quickly
swallowed the mouth full that he had, just as he felt that shaft spasm
again, and another squirt of juice came out. With one final convulsion,
Danny dumped the last of his seed into Wesley's mouth.
  Realizing that Danny had emptied his balls of their heavy load, Wesley
slowly pulled that wonderful, hairless prick out his mouth. He slowly stood
up and looked into that sweet face, which had a huge smile on it now.
He was looking slightly down at him since he was about a half head taller 
then Danny. He reached out and lifted his face up slightly and then planted
his mouth on those sweet lips. He pushed his tongue, which was still coated
with Danny's last spurt of juice, into Danny's mouth. Danny quickly sucked
on Wesley's tongue and began to push his own tongue into Wesleys mouth,
while his hands brushed up and down Wesleys chest and throbbing cock.
   As the two boys continued their body rubbing and tongue sucking, Jeremy
and River walked into the shower. Both of them were dripping sweat and sporting
large, throbbing cocks. They stood side by side, their hips just touching, as
they watched the two teenaged boys suck each other face. They both grinned and
walked over to Wes and Danny, their teen pricks bobbing up and down with
each step.
