                           Holosex: One's Company

        Wesley Crusher pressed his back firmly into the cool bulkhead of
the corridor as he craned his neck around the corner and peered at the
small control panel.  No one was around--this was the least frequented
holodeck on the ship--but he couldn't keep his heart from pattering or the
butterflies from dancing in his stomach.
        All the clever reprogramming, each bit of illicit but untraceable
hacking had been done on remote terminals.  This was the first taste of the
fruits of his labors... and his first chance to be caught if he had done
something wrong.  He wasn't worried about the basics, of course--disabling
the protocol that would ordinarily prevent a sixteen-year-old from running
erotic software had been a piece of cake--but tricking the main computer
into erasing logs of his activities and jamming the door in case someone
tried a command override had been tricky.  Wes fidgeted a bit and swung his
head around with a sudden, incorrect sense that he was being watched.
Maybe he should try again later....
        His boner swelled its disapproval of the suggestion.  The boy took
a deep breath and again squinted at the tiny panel adjacent too him.  It
was totally black: the room was empty.
        A rush of blood swept through his upper body; he seized the front
of his pants and jerked himself violently a few times in anticipation.
Then, finally collecting himself, he strode across the hall, touched the
panel, and calmly walked between the parting doors and into the familiar
yellow-on-black grid.  The doors shut.
        That was his cue.  Tearing the clothes from his slim body, he bent
towards the arch and keyed in the code that would implement all of his
clandestine measures.  When he saw that the routine took perfectly, he
pulled down his underpants and kicked them away with his right foot,
causing his erect cock to bob into the air with only the slightest, fading
remnant of a downward curvature.
        Compromising the replicator failsafes and making himself the
tricyclic testosterone compound had been significantly harder than his
holodeck project, especially because he had had less knowledge a year ago,
but it had paid off beyond his wildest dreams.  He was three inches longer
and a good deal thicker than he had been then, and now he craved to sink
all that swollen young meat into some breathtaking holodeck nymph.  He
grabbed himself with both hands and jacked as he instructed the computer
verbally to choose a random program from the ones he had been creating the
last few week during his free time.
        Suddenly, he was surrounded by a hoard of people in the midst of
every conceivable sexual act.  Ahead of him was an ancient looking fountain
and from the small amount of clothing visible--all togas--he quickly
remembered the program and smiled.  He beat himself harder until, a moment
later, two gorgeous Roman orgy-goers enveloped him.  He was not in the mood
for foreplay, though.  He grabbed the one best situated and stabbed his
huge, throbbing member into her virginal pussy.  Wesley moaned as his
real-life virginity vanished into manhood.  Completely taken by his
artificially heightened primal urges, he fell with her into the pulsating
sex-throng and pumped over and over into her tight cunt.  It was the
hardest, fastest sex imaginable: the girl hadn't time to do more than run
her fingers once through the boy's neatly-combed brown hair before he
filled her with his load.  He then lay there on top of her, jostled
constantly by the lustful mob, for a few minutes while he softened.
        Finally, his mind cleared and he remembered the next step in his plan.
        He got up and made his way through the now-maxing orgy to where he
had entered. He found his orange sweater.  It was covered with wads of
holocum, but he managed to reach into the pocket and get out the vial.  He
popped it open and downed its contents in a gulp.  He looked back at the
crescendo of orgasm and felt the drug beginning to take effect: his dick
popped up and solidified there between his legs like a lead pipe.  His
whole body felt the almost painful pressure of raging erection as it
enlarged even beyond its normal eight and a quarter inches, and he knew
that it would stay that way for a good half an hour, no matter what.
        Completely unable to control himself, Crusher darted around the
artificial construct stabbing his cock into random orifices.  He allowed
about fifteen rapid strokes per hole--after that the recipient seemed to be
somewhat stretched to accommodate his massive woodie.  Wesley
wanted--needed, not coincidentally like a drug addict--every bit of
sensation he could get.
        The young man dwelled a moment longer than usual in the pussy of a
beautiful Athenian maiden, and was rewarded richly.  The obscure reference
he had found buried in the exopharmacology text had made no mention of the
effect of the Aurelian aphrodisiac on male orgasm, so he found himself
completely unprepared for what was cumming.
        The warming in his balls was the first sign that he was close.  He
hesitated for a split second, wondering why it was happening and how he
could maintain a boner for a half hour if he could cum.  But thinking was
no use.  His thighs began bouncing even faster atop the girl's snatch as
the warmth intensified and spread, shooting impulses of ecstasy throughout
his nervous system.  The girl was also being pushed to the limit by his
youthful energy; she had been moaning and gasping in synchronization with
his crazed thrusts.  Now that Wesley was in the heat of his enhanced
load-blowing, though, she couldn't contain herself.  She wrestled him
across the crowded floor (which now had an unbroken layer of holojizz on
it) and stuck one finger and then another into his incredibly tight
asshole.  They traveled across the floor, over dozens of uncaring bodies,
in a rapidly throbbing heap until they were blown apart from one another by
Wesley's ejaculation.
        The girl lay fairly still, just dazed, as the half-pint of thick
white goo drained from her hole.  She watched Crusher convulsing next to
her as his rod shot cream geysers in all directions; and tried desperately
to get a hand on him.  It was no use, much as she wanted him back in her,
as he had gotten onto his feet and run full-tilt into an amused-looking
centurion.  As Wes's spurting abated and he regained his sense of the
outside world, the first thing he felt was the pleasure from his
drug-erection and the second was the huge hand wrapped around his left
wrist.  He looked up into the face of a handsome, clean-shaven, but somehow
very menacing-looking soldier wearing a gold helmet with a red crest.  The
boy also noticed two others standing a little further off; all were
beginning to extricate themselves from their uniforms.  Wesley was a sharp
kid: he knew the Roman attitude toward homosexuality which had been
integrated into the program, he knew the failsafes he had overwritten, and
he knew that an emergency override would turn up on every security panel on
the ship, including Tactical.  So he knew he was in trouble.
        "Whadarya gonna do to me?" Crusher gulped between half-hearted
struggles against the brawny centurion's grip.  The three men smiled at
him.  They had all gotten their armor off along with most of their
clothing.  Hardening cocks were emerging, all pointed in his general
direction.
        "That's one hell of a pet you've got down there, kid.  Not even
mine can do that," the nearest guard said provocatively.  As much as his
"posture" told them otherwise, Wesley did NOT want this.  He nonetheless
could not put up a discernible fight against their combined force, so he
just clenched his teeth in fright as the hand on his wrist, reasonably
gently, pulled his upper body down parallel to his legs.  One of them got
onto his back beneath his face as he felt another spread apart his cheeks
and rubbed his anus with a wet hand .  Crusher turned his head away from
the one below his face; the hands of the centurion beneath came up to his
head and gently moved it back into position.  Then, an unspoken message
having no doubt been conveyed, the hand on his tight behind moved to caress
his genitals.  Wesley's mouth opened in a gasp as the hands on his head
pulled him down to meet the bottom guard's upraised thighs.  After quickly
mulling his few choices, Wesley sucked.
        Trying not to think about the largish penis in his mouth, Crusher
had no alternative but to notice a slight pressure on his butthole which he
knew would be flaring into pain at any moment.  His mind was almost taken
away from the fact when the buck-naked third centurion somehow managed to
pull the teen's rock-hard dick out of the fray and shove it into his mouth.
 The boy looked back as best he could without neglecting the guard beneath
him and saw the hunk's muscles rippling as he jacked himself and took more
of Wesley's eight-plus inches into him.  In a moment, he was being
deep-throated for the first time; he moaned his appreciation as best he
could through the genitalia obstructing his own vocal tract.
        The well-lubricated but very large cock reamed slowly into Wesley
Crusher's bung hole as he bent his knees and closed his eyes in pain and
embarrassment.  He almost bit the dick in his mouth by accident but managed
to stop himself.  Unfortunately, the guy he was sucking off, seeing his
friend's ten inches sliding into the kid's butt, grabbed Wesley's head and
pulled down hard, his dick plowing down Wes's throat as he spurted.  The
boy puked up the jism, followed by a stomachful of half-digested replicated
tuna fish sandwich, all over his crotch in response.
        "Lick it off!" the guard said, incensed by the nausea he felt from
the smell of the puny kid's vomit.  "I said clean me of!!!"  His whole body
being smashed forward and backward over the first soldier's huge dick,
Crusher wiped and licked the puke from the other's groin with tearful
disgust.  The other half of him, of course, still thoroughly enjoyed the
excellent blow job afforded him by the young but experienced officer whose
head and throat were now where Wesley's dick should have been.
        He had to stop licking when the guy in his butt came, because the
intense sensation in his ass combined with the guy going at his own dick
suddenly triggered another orgasm.  He shot load after load into the
well-muscled guard's lungs, pressing his inflexible dick as deep as he
could, until the centurion and his friends were able to throw the boy off
without irreversibly damaging the unfortunate man's throat.  Wesley shot
triumphantly in the faces of the other two and then limped hurriedly away,
leaving them to tend their asphyxiated comrade.
        Dripping blood and cum from his overstretched asshole, Wesley
called for the control arch and walked to it bow-legged.  He'd think about
how to hide his anal rape from his mother at his next checkup later, for
right now he had to satisfy his dick and then get the hell out of there.
It had been almost a half hour, the effective time period of the Aurelian
aphrodisiac, so he'd choose the fantasy carefully.
        "Oh fuck, yes," he murmured as he found the perfect one and keyed
it in.  Before the simulation matrix could form, a loud grinding came from
the door.  Wesley spun around in dread to see the heavy doors appear and
part, revealing a crowd of shocked personnel staring at his naked, aroused
body.  Red alert lights and klaxons filled the holodeck from outside.
Riker hit his communicator in annoyance.
        "Bridge, tell Mr. Data that his alien entity in control of Holodeck
Seven is an intensely blushing sixteen-year-old civilian."  Riker closed
the connection and eyed the boy solemnly before breaking into a broad
smile.
        "Riker to crew: as of now, 0400 hours, Wesley Crusher has been
awarded field promotion to admiral.  You are to obey ALL of his orders."
The commander wordlessly watched as the boy walked through the simulated
holodeck doors and approached a beaming Troi with his impressive cock in
his hand.
        "Admiral Crusher has everything under control," he whispered to
her.  As he took her voluptuous body in his arms, he didn't notice a large
beige door appear behind him.
