	-WESLEY AND DEANNA-
	       -A STAR TREK STORY-
		      (Part 1)   
		       by  Ann Douglas
		      (AnnD@Pipeline.Com)


	The dim lights of Gamma watch illuminated
the decks of the Starship Enterprise as Wesley
Crusher walked the halls.  Nearly two hours had
passed since he'd left the cabin he shared with his
mother, the Chief Medical Officer of the great
vessel.  He hadn't been able to sleep, even thought
most of the enormous crew observed Gamma shift
as the official night.   In a few hours, Alpha watch
would signal the start of a new day.  Wes's final day
on the Enterprise.   In less than forty-eight hours he
would be on his way to Earth and Starfleet
Academy.
	Had it really been only a few years ago that
he'd come on board as a brilliant but awkward boy. 
Now he was about to leave it as a fully grown young
man.  He would greatly miss the Enterprise, he
knew.  Few people got to live on the Flagship of the
Federation Starfleet.  Fewer still got to serve on her
as a member of her crew.  Yet Wes had done both. 
His hand reached up and touched the single disc of a
Ensign that he wore on his uniform.  Tomorrow, or
more precisely today, he would be replacing that
insignia with that of a Starfleet Cadet.  Hopefully it
wouldn't be too long before he would be able to
wear it again.
	"I guess I'm not the only one with insomnia
tonight."  Said a soft melodious voice from behind
Wesley.
	Jumping at the sound, it was a second before
Wes turned around.  When he did, the sight before
him brought a wide smile to his face.
	"Deanna!" The young Ensign exclaimed. 
"What are you doing up this time of night?"
	"I had an appointment with someone on
Gamma shift."  She replied, her voice ringing in his
ears.  "And it was easier for me to loose a little sleep
than for him to rearrange his schedule."
	"I guess the Ship's Councilor is on duty 24
hours a day."  Wes sheepishly replied.
	"I don't mind,"  The Betazoid continued.
"The only drawback is that once I'm up, I'm up for
good.  No chance of grabbing a few more hours
sleep."
	"Well, I was just talking a last look at
everything."  Wes replied.  "I'm only now beginning
to realize how much I'm going to miss it all."
	"Most people don't realize how much they
value something until they loose it."  Deanna said.
"But I'm sure once you complete your Academy
training, Captain Picard will request that you be
reassigned to the Enterprise."
	"I hope so."
	"Do you mind if I walk with you?"  Troi
asked. "I do enjoy this time of the day, when the
ship's so quiet and peaceful.  But I'll understand if
you want to be alone."
	"No!" Wesley exclaimed. "I'd really like
that."
	Deanna smiled as they continued down the
long empty corridor.
	

	Talking as they walked, Wes began to
become increasingly away of Deanna's sexual
presence.  Every once and a while he found himself
gazing down into the inviting crevice between her
large shapely breasts.  It had been a long time since
he fantasized about Deanna Troi, but now that he
was about to leave the Enterprise he found that
those fantasies hadn't lost any of their intensity.
	He could still remember the first time he had
seen her.  He and his Mother had just arrived on the
Enterprise from Farpoint station and he was getting
acquainted with their new quarters.  Doctor Crusher
had gone directly to Sickbay to inspect her new
domain.  That was far more important than
unpacking.  When the door chime had rung, Wes
simply assumed it was his Mother returning  -
instead it had been the Ship's Counselor coming to
pay a social call.      
	In his mind he could still remember how she
looked that day. The short skirted blue uniform, her
really awful, at least in his opinion, hairstyle. Yet to
a young teenage boy, she was like a Greek goddess. 
She had quickly introduced herself and then warmly
welcomed him to the Enterprise.  Then after asking
Doctor Crusher's location, the Counselor had left as
quickly as she had entered.
	So absorbed had the young boy been with
the beauty of her body and the tantalizing scent  of
her perfume,  that he continued to stare at the now
closed door for a full minute after she'd left.  It
wasn't until he finally woke from his trance that he
became away of the major erection her closeness
had produced.  It was with some embarrassment that
he discovered that he was now being afflicted with
that same reaction.
	Deanna was all too aware of Wesley's
growing sexual arousal.  She didn't need to see the
swelling bulge in his uniform, her empathic abilities
could feel his rising lust like the crests of a breaking
surf.  Her face showed no change as she talked of
such mundane things as the little cafe just outside
the Academy grounds that he simply had to visit. 
Inwardly, she was grinning broadly.  The increasing
waves of sexual energy bringing a wetness between
her legs.
	Deanna Troi had long been away of Wesley's
fantasies about her.  To be truthful to herself, she
had to admit she'd found his interest exciting.  She'd
never taken a young man as a lover before, but it
was something she'd seen her mother do many times
before.  The sex drive of Betazoid women doubled
and tripled as they grew older.  As sexually charged
as she felt lately, Deanna wondered what it would be
like when she reached her mother's age.  
	"As much as I'm going to miss serving on the
Enterprise,"  Wes continued saying.  "It's the people
that I'm really going to miss the most.  Mom,
Geordie, Data, Commander Riker and Captain
Picard.  And of course you."
	"And I guess you'll miss Ensign Jordan too." 
Deanna added.  
	Deanna knew that Wes had been seeing
Carol Jordan on and off for the last few months. In
fact she was sure that the young blonde had taken
Wesley's virginity. The thought caused her nipples to
become even more erect and a tingle to spread
around her now moist mound.
	"Carol's ok,"  He replied, clearly
uncomfortable in mentioning the subject.  "We just
went out a few times, nothing really became of it."
	What Wes really meant was that while he
had indeed lost his cherry to Carol, he had on the
whole found it a thoroughly unrewarding
experience.  Carol was a nice enough girl, pretty and
bright.  But whenever they were together, Wes
couldn't help but feel like he wanted her to be
someone else.  The someone he now walked with
and wanted to jump right here in the corridor of D
deck, not carrying if he woke the hundreds of
crewmen sleeping behind the closed doors.
	Before long they found themselves at the
door to Deanna's quarters.  The Counselor stopped
and Wes took this as a signal that she had ended
their little nocturnal trek.  With a warm smile and a
slight shrug of frustration, he said goodnight and
began to walk away.
	"Don't go yet, Wes."  Deanna called after
him.  "I was going to make myself a little snack. 
You're welcome to join me."
	Deanna didn't need her Betazoid abilities to
feel the sudden rush of emotion that filled Wesley
Crusher as he spun on his heals and turned back
toward her cabin.  The light in his eyes and the
broadness of his smile said it all.


	Wesley quickly followed Deanna into her
private quarters. It was the first time he had ever
seen it.  Just before he stepped inside, he couldn't
help taking a quick look up and down the corridor
to see of anyone could see them. He found it hard to
stop thinking like that blushing boy of so long ago.
	"I'm going to take a minute and change," 
Deanna said as she headed for the bedroom. "Why
don't you punch up some fruit or something from the
replicator."
	"Sure...."  Wes stammered, his eyes fixed
tightly on the sway of Deanna's ass as she
disappeared through the doorway.
	The young Ensign took a few moments to
think about what to order. Then is a sudden burst of
courage he asked the computer for Rigelian Ja'kija
Juice.  It was a popular non-alcoholic drink, with a
wide reputation as a aphrodisiac. He had never really
had one, but he had once heard Commander Riker
telling another officer about them.  If  Deanna said
anything, he could always claim ignorance of the
drinks notoriety.  In a second, two large glasses of a
bright blue liquid had appeared.
	Taking a slight sip from the tall frosty glass,
Wesley felt a sudden light headiness, followed
immediately by a sudden flush throughout his body. 
Maybe this particular drink wasn't such a good idea
after all.  He hadn't realized it could be so potent. 
	Before he could change the drink selection,
Deanna emerged from the bedroom.  One glance in
her direction and Wes forgot all about the drinks. 
Gone was the form fitting blue duty uniform that
usually stirred Wesley's and every other able bodied 
male's imagination. In its place, Deanna now wore a
beautiful translucent green dress that left very little
to the imagination. Outlined broadly against the soft
material, Deanna's hard nipples stood invitingly. 
Glancing downward, Wes could see the dark
triangle of the Betazoid's pubic mound. Totally at a
loss for words, He just stood there with the juice
glass in his hand.
	The flowing lines of the gown seemed to
drift along invisible currents as Deanna glided across
the room.  She reached for the remaining glass in the
replicator and gracefully brought it to her soft red
lips.  She took a taste, then ran her tongue across
her lips, wiping the small blue drops which had been
left there.  
	"Mmmm, Ja'kija juice"  Deanna purred. "Will
Riker always used to always order this back when
we first met.  I think he believed all those stories
about it being some kind of  aphrodisiac."
	Wes was about to say something about it
being pretty strong stuff when Deanna lifted the
glass again and took a long deep swallow.  When
she placed it back on the table, Wes was amazed
that it was half empty.
	"On Rigel they may  considered that pretty
potent."  She said.  "But on Betazed it hardly
qualifies as fruit punch."
	Wesley smiled in admiration and carefully
took another sip of his drink.  The second rush
seemed stronger than the first.
	"Maybe we'd better get you something a
little more to Terran tastes."  Deanna said as she
lifted the glass out of Wes's hand.  "If you drink
much more of this I think you'll sleep away your last
day."
	When Deanna had leaned over to take the
drink, the deep opening of her garment billowed,
giving the young man an impressive unobstructed
look at the charms beneath.  Wes knew if he didn't
get out of here soon, he'd burst just from the friction
of his uniform against his hardened cock. 



	-WESLEY AND DEANNA-
	       -A STAR TREK STORY-
			 (Part 2)
		       by  Ann Douglas
		      (AnnD@Pipeline.Com)



	"Wes, it no accident that I ran into you  tonight."  Deanna 
said with a smile. "I really didn't  have any late night 
appointment."
	"You didn't?"  Wes replied, confused at her  statement.
	"I've been aware of your, shall we saw,  desire to be more 
than just friends, for a long time  now.  And with you leaving 
for the Academy, I  thought it might be a good idea for you to 
have a  chance to get it out of your system.  To be honest,  
I'm spent many nights wishing I could return your  attentions."
	For all of his much heralded intelligence,  Wesley Crusher had 
no idea what he should say.  A  half hour ago, he wanted to 
roll naked on the decks  with this beautiful woman.  Now that 
she was  offering herself to him, he felt a sudden hesitation. 
What would his mother think?
	Deanna could sense his conflict, and knew  that his mother was 
part of it.  She knew, even if  Wesley himself hadn't fully 
come to realize it as  such, that the boy had a strong sexual 
desire for his  mother. It wasn't that unusual for boys raised 
only  by a single parent. Not that she blamed him either.  
Deanna had long ago developed feelings for Beverly  Crusher, 
but the time to act on that affection wasn't  yet right.  She 
hadn't had a female lover since Tasha died.  Eventually she 
would have to  do something  about it, but for now one Crusher 
at a time.

	Finally concluding that Wesley would never  take that first 
step, Deanna reached out and took  him into her arms. Her soft 
breasts pressed against  his chest as her mound fitted against 
his hardness. She lifted up his chin and kissed him softly.
	"It's your choice, Wes."  She whispered  softly as she broke 
the kiss.  "You can stay or go.  If  you want to go, we'll just 
forget this ever  happened."
	The Ensign looked into her big dark eyes,  then down to the 
soft whiteness of her breasts.  He  thought about it for a 
second, then buried his face  between that softness.  A smile 
came to Deanna as  she ran her fingers through his brown hair 
and softly  stroked it.  She kissed the top of his head, the  
around his ear.  Finally she lifted his face from her  breasts 
and kissed him firmly on the lips.  In the  deep recesses of 
her mind, she could feel the  enormous release of desire from 
Wesley as the  reality of his fantasy finally sank in.



	Wesley's gray uniform was quickly
discarded.  Taking a few moments to fully  appreciate his naked 
form, Deanna wasn't  displeased.  True, he was far less 
developed than  Will Riker or most of the men she had known.  
But  Wes has a certain charm all his own.  His skin was  smooth 
and hairless.  Even around his manhood, the  hair was short and 
sparse.  Fully erect he stood  about six and a half  inches.  
Deanna gently ran her  fingers along the length of his cock, 
then she took a  firm grip on it and began to pump it.   
	Wesley closed his eyes and sighed in delight  at the soft 
touch of the Counselor's hand.  After only  a dozen strokes he 
could already feel his boyjuices  building up to an explosive 
climax.  It was already  too late to try and hold back. Another 
few moments  and  he would be filling Deanna's hand with his  
sticky seed.
	The Ensign's brown eyes suddenly popped  open in surprise as 
the Betazoid's gentle touch was  abruptly replaced by something 
 wet and warm. Looking down, Wesley found his cock engulfed by  
Deanna's soft red lips.  The soothing pleasure of that  mouth 
caused a shudder to run through his body. Followed seconds 
later by a powerful rush as his  very essence ripped though his 
cock and discharged  into her waiting mouth.  
	Continuing her sucking motion, Deanna
seemed to draw every drop out of  young Ensign  Crusher. A 
small drop of white fluid escaped her  attention and slowly ran 
down her chin.  Finally,  satisfied that Wesley was totally 
drained, she let the  now semi-soft cock fall from her mouth 
and rose  again to her feet.  She wiped the small white droplet 
 from her chin and then licked it from her finger.
	Wes had a sort of disappointed look on his  face, it had all 
been over so quickly.  Even with  Carol he had climaxed long 
before he even got her  anywhere near her own orgasm.
	Deanna smiled and pulled Wesley to her, kissing him hard on 
the lips.  Wes could taste the  saltiness of his cum on her 
probing tongue.  Once,  out of curiosity he had licked it off 
his hands after a  masturbation session.  Mixed with Deanna's 
saliva, it  tasted quite different.
	"Don't be so glum, Mr. Crusher."  Deanna  said in her best 
command voice. "That was just an  appetizer."
	Wesley's brown eyes lit up at the thought  that he hadn't 
blown his chance, so to speak.  Even  his now limp cock seemed 
to jump at the thought.
	"Few young men your age have any self
control."  The Betazed continued as she ran her long  red 
fingers across his bare chest.  "That's why the  best thing to 
do is to get them off quickly.  So that  you can take your time 
with them while they  recharge their batteries."
	Deanna grinned at the thought of thousands  of tiny little 
Wesley cells trying to pump his cock back to life.  The battery 
analogy was one she'd  heard her mother use many times.  
	Leading Wes over to a soft padded chair and set him down upon 
it.  Then she took a step back  and began to massage her 
breasts through the  transparent green dress.  A heavy sigh 
escaped from  her lips as she squeezed and lifted the large 
globes,  her thumbs pressing against the hard nipples. Pulling 
back the thin material, Deanna then let her  soft globes fall 
free.
	Wes was practically watering at the mouth at  the nearness of 
those near perfect breasts.  How  many times over the years had 
he tried to peek down  the Counselor's duty uniform, now they 
were only a  foot away. 
	"You can touch them if you like?"  Deanna  say softly as she 
lifted them from underneath and  offered them to him.  "In 
fact, if you'd like to kiss  them, I wouldn't mind that 
either."
	The young man didn't hesitate for a second. He leaped forward 
and his mouth closed on the  closest breast. He was rough at 
first, almost as  rough as Will Riker had been that first time. 
But  soon he settled down and began to gently suck the  objects 
of his desire.  Deanna closed her eyes and  moaned softy as his 
tongue swirled over her nipple  again and again.  She had to 
give the boy credit, he  was nothing if not a fast learner.
	Shifting his attention to her other breast,  Deanna guided his 
hand to her first.  With her hand  covering his, she showed his 
how to gently massage  it, even as he sucked at the other like 
a baby.
	The combination of Deanna's body scent and  the perfume she 
wore was intoxicating to Wesley. He moved from Deanna's nipple 
and continued to  lick her bare skin until his face was buried 
deep  within the crevice between her mounds.  Deanna  pressed 
her breasts together, massaging his cheeks  with their 
softness.
	Wesley then began to move downward,
kissing and licking his way until he reached the  closely 
trimmed black hair surrounding her pubic  mound.  He kissed the 
crest of her prominence and  tried to slide his tongue within.
	Deanna smiled and laughed softly.  She  moved to the chair Wes 
had vacated and sat down. then she spread her legs as far as 
she could and  propped them on the armrests.  Finally she 
reached  down and spread the lips of her vagina with her long  
soft  fingers.
	"Try it now, Wes."  She said in a melodious  voice.  "I think 
you'll find it a little easier now."
	Indeed he did as he dropped to his knees and  buried his head 
between the Counselors outstretched  legs.  His tongue mixed 
with the soft pinkness of  Deanna's pussy, sending ripples of 
pleasure radiating  outward.  With a soft but firm hand, Deanna 
guided  her young lover to her most sensitive spot.  Betazoid  
women had a clitoris that was both twice as large  and twice as 
receptive to stimulation as Earth  women. That was one thing 
she had always been  grateful she had inherited from her 
mother's side of  the family.  
	It wasn't long before Wesley's gifted tongue  had Deanna 
panting for more.  With every passing  moment, the ripples grew 
into waves, then finally  into a torrid of delight.  Deanna 
played with her  breasts as Wes tried to bury his face and 
energetic tongue deeper within her.
	"This boy is a genuine talent."  Deanna  thought to herself as 
she drifted on the waves of  passion.  "He's almost as good as 
Tasha."
	The image of the blonde Security Chief's  naked body filled 
Deanna's mind.  A new longing  filled her as she remembered the 
long passionate  nights the two had shared.  Comparing Wes's  
neophyte tongue to Tasha's was the highest  compliment she 
could have ever given him.  No man  or woman had ever brought 
her to the heights that  Tasha had.
	"Enough!"  Deanna screamed out in her
mind.  "She had to have him inside her now!"
	With a sudden shove, the Counselor pushed  Wes down on the 
carpeted floor and mounted him. She reached behind her and 
closed her fingers  around his cock.  A smile crossed her lips 
as she  found it was again hard as a rock.
	Lifting herself, the dark haired woman  positioned her 
saturated mound over his arrow like  shaft and slowly lowered 
herself onto him.  Skilled  hands carefully guided his cockhead 
to the entrance  to her tunnel of passion.  Then, letting it 
part her lips  and slide just the slightest bit inside her, she 
stopped  her descent.
	Turning her head again forward, she looked  deep into Wesley's 
eyes and the look of total rapture  on his handsome young face. 
 Deanna began to  rotate her pelvis, causing the walls of her 
pussy to
massage the tip of Wes's cock.  
	She could tell that he was riding conflicting  waves of 
powerful emotion.  On one level he was  soaring in a pool of 
happiness.  His most desired  dreams were becoming a reality.  
On a second level  he burned with the desire to be in control 
of the  situation, to be able to please her as a man should. 
And underneath it all was the adolescent fear that he  was in 
over his head, that he would be incapable of  fulfilling that 
task.   Well there was one way to show  him his worth.
	In one sudden motion, Deanna dropped
down, sending his cock deep inside of her.  The  sudden warm 
pressure against his cock sent a loud  moan of ecstasy out of 
Wesley's mouth.  Then a  second later his skin felt a rush of 
cool air as Deanna  began her upward stroke, only to once again 
engulf  him with her wetness.
	Determined to bring Deanna pleasure, Wes  reached up and 
grabbed the woman by the hips and  began to take control of 
their motions.  Quickly  matching her rhythms, Wesley met each 
of her  downward thrusts with one of his own.  His  backside 
lifted off the floor as he drove his six and a  half inches as 
far within her as he could.  With  Deanna maintaining a tight 
grip on him as strong as  the one he held on her, the actual 
distance each of  them moved was now confined to only a few 
inches. But within those few inches was a symphony of  passion.
	Taking an ever tighter grip upon the boy,  Deanna relinquished 
 control of their thrusts and  buried his face in her breasts.  
The kaleidoscope of  emotion filled the core of the Betazoids's 
very being. Coupled with her impending orgasmic eruption, it  
transported her to a level few Terrans could  understand.  It 
was like an out of body experience,  she was oblivious to 
everything except the sensation  of Wesley being inside her.
	Then a sudden white filled her mind, mixed  with the whiteness 
of Wesley's cum as it filled her  body.  She didn't have words 
to describe the  feelings, something which she found hard to 
admit. The whiteness became all encompassing.  Then as  
suddenly as it had appeared it was replaced by a deep darkness. 
A void Deanna felt herself falling into  as she lost 
consciousness.  
	Lost in his own orgasmic explosion, it was  almost a minute 
before Wesley realized that the  Counselor was unconscious. 
Rolling the sweat  covered naked body off him he quickly began 
to  panic.  In a second he was rummaging though his  uniform 
for his combadge.  To his credit, the  thought of what his 
mother would think when she  found him naked with Deanna in her 
quarters never  entered his mind.  All he knew was that 
something  was wrong with Deanna.  Something he had caused.
	"Crusher to Sickbay, medical emergency!" He yelled as he 
lifted the small Starfleet insignia. 
	It took a second for him to realize he hadn't  heard the 
familiar chirp of a open frequency when he  hit the badge.  He 
hit it again a second time, this  time he was rewarded with the 
chirp.  
	He was about to repeat his call for help when  he heard 
Deanna's soft voice behind him.
	"I'm ok Wes...."  She said softly in a voice  filled with 
fatigue.
	Closing the frequency, Wes quickly moved  to her side.  He was 
now oblivious to the beauty of  her naked body, or the shiny 
film of sweat that  covered it.  He was just relieved to hear 
her speak.
	"What happened?"  he said, the concern in  his voice evident.
	"I guess you happened."  Deanna replied  softly.
	Wesley's only reply was a look of confusion  on his face.
	"I happened?"  He finally repeated.
	"Yes, Wesley, my little love.  You took me  to a plateau no 
man has ever brought me to before."
	"I did?"  Wes asked in a mixture of pride and  disbelief.
	"Yes, you."  Deanna replied as she pulled  herself up into a 
sitting position.  "And I'm including  Will Riker in that 
assessment."
	Wesley's face positively beamed with pride at  the Counselor's 
remark.  Deanna knew that telling  him he had been a better 
lover than Will would raise  his opinion of himself.  Commander 
Riker was his  hero, the yardstick he measured himself against 
in  very way.  And to be honest, it was only a little lie. Of 
course he wasn't better than Will, but give him a  few years of 
practice and he just might be.
	With that, she kissed him again and pulled  him against her.  
They still had time until the start of  Alpha shift and for now 
she was content to just feel  the warmth of his naked form 
against her own.
	"Too bad you can't stay, my little lover." Deanna thought  as 
he nestled against her breasts  and she stroked his brown hair. 
 ""I'd love to be your  teacher."
	Wesley looked up at Deanna with loving  eyes.  Deanna returned 
the smile and kissed him  gently on the cheek.  By morning, 
their relationship  would revert back to that of friends.  But 
even when  he left the Enterprise and was light years away on  
Earth, they would always share the link that was the  memory of 
this night.


END  
