                       WET AND WILD
            (A Slice of the Author's Life Story)
                       by Ron Dalanor


     Sexually naive didn't begin to describe what I was, but 
I wasn't stupid.  I may not have known what to expect in any 
given sexual situation, but I had an uncanny knack for 
turning that situation into something that was pleasurable 
for me and anyone who was with me at the time.
     It was 1977, and I was living in Tennessee.  The Labor 
Day weekend was approaching, and I was bored.  Another 
Friday night would be spent wondering when I would have 
enough courage to go out and meet guys.  After my one 
experience with gays bars in graduate school, I had elected 
to avoid them till I had a better handle on things.  Fifteen 
minutes of being groped and propositioned without frills in 
a hell hole called the Lion's Lair in Columbus, Georgia was 
more than enough for me.  I didn't have my confidence then, 
but I swore that the next time I would be ready for 
whatever.
     Friday after work, I walked into the apartment just in 
time to grab the ringing phone.  It was Mike who insisted, 
begged, and pleaded for me to go to Atlanta with him.  
Rather than listen to him whine, I decided to take the 
chance.
     Mike, who was a lineman for the phone company and in 
his thirties, was one of the few friends I had who was gay.  
He claimed to be the anti-gay crusading Orange Queen's 
nephew on her husband's side.  Though Mike was a nice guy, 
we were strictly friends.  He wasn't anything out of the 
ordinary as far a looks were concerned, but he could keep 
you laughing and interested with his stories. 
     Just outside of Atlanta in our five hour junket, Mike 
indicated that he might want to spend the night rather than 
drive back from the Gym Locker, the name of the bar.  I was 
glad that I had grabbed and filled my travel kit with a 
comb, brush, toothbrush, toothpaste, deodorant, contact lens 
stuff, lube and condoms.  I always plan for getting lucky.
     What Mike had not told me was that the Gym Locker 
wasn't just a bar; it was a bathhouse as well.  Even had he 
told me, I would not have understood the concept.     
     As we walked to the door of the disco, I took a deep 
breath and prepared myself as best I could.  When the door 
opened, I was dazzled with lights and sounds and smells and 
images.  It was nothing like I had experienced before - the 
men, the dancing, the talking, the subtle touching, and the  
meaningful kissing.  I even saw my first drag show.  I was 
having a great time meeting and talking with people.  I even 
got pulled up onto the stage where two drag queens on their 
knees lip-synced a song about who could best satisfy a man.  
And, despite the intimate caressing, there was no arousal on 
my part.  You see, drag queens confuse me.  Some guys 
perceive it as the best of both worlds, but, for me, it was 
confusing.  I was just getting adjusted to my desire for 
both sexes; so someone who looked like one thing but 
produced the goodies of another was more than my psyche 
could adjust to in the heat of passion.
     After a couple of hours, Mike, who didn't seem to 
interface with people as well as I did, grabbed my hand and 
began dragging me away from all my new found fun.  He was 
saying something about places to sleep, but I wanted to 
network all night.
     In another part of the building, we stood in front of 
what looked like a ticket counter.  Mike pulled out a 
membership card, money exchanged hands, and towels and keys 
were shoved in our direction.  With the sound of a buzzer 
and click, Mike pulled me through a door.  I demanded to 
know where I was.  Mike gave me the old "men's club" 
explanation as he led me to my room; his was across the 
hall.  To call it a room was an understatement.  It was a 
cubicle constructed of graffitied plywood walls, with 
clothes hooks on three of the four walls, a couple of shaky 
looking shelves, a cot which could almost comfortably hold 
two people not on top of each other, and a pay television 
built into the wall.  It wasn't even comparable to a Motel 
6, but I figured I could deal with it for a night.
     Mike knocked on the door, and when I opened it he stood 
there in only a towel.  I laughed.  It took some fancy 
verbal footwork, but somehow Mike convinced me that it was 
the dress code for such places.  He offered me a tour, so I 
followed.
     Sure enough every guy in the place was in a towel, but 
I didn't have lustful thoughts because I was too busy trying 
to absorb everything.   Mike showed me the sauna, the 
showers, and the whirlpool.  People were casually following 
behind us.  I assumed that they were new as well and taking 
advantage of the tour; we seemed to pick up more and more 
people with each stop that we made.  We passed by one large 
room; it was lighted only by black light.  It seemed to 
contain only bunk beds and mattresses.  I asked Mike about 
it and thought I heard snickering from behind me.  Mike said 
it was an orgy room; I decided to let the issue drop since I 
wasn't sure I even wanted to know.  Our tour ended at a huge 
pool.  There were nearly a dozen guys that had been 
following us; they kind of fanned out around the pool.  Some 
sat, and others stood casually.  Mike continued babbling, 
but I was distracted by the men overtly starring in our 
direction.  The last words that I head Mike say were: "You 
are on your own!"  He pushed me into the pool, towel and 
all.  I clenched my eyes tightly to avoid losing my 
contacts.  I maneuvered until I was able to stand at the 
five feet end of the pool.   Most of the other guys had  
jumped in as well.  Feeling like shark bait, I high-tailed 
it out of the pool.  Mike was nowhere in sight.
     Trying not to look lost, I wandered around in search of 
my room.  People were all over the place in shadowed 
corners, kissing, sucking, groping.  Sensory overload, I 
needed to a safe place to regroup.  Accidentally, I found my 
room.  Once inside, I dried, I sat and I thought.  One by 
one, the pieces began to fit together to form a foggy 
picture.
     I opened the door just to peer out; only my ego knows 
why.  The activity level had increased tremendously.  There 
were people cruising each other all over the hallway area.  
Tons and tons of men were everywhere, and they were 
available.  I felt my nerve slipping.  The bathhouse scene 
was an unknown, unknowns generate fear, and I was about to 
forgo the experience.
     In gawking, I had not noticed that I had opened the 
door slightly wider, and I had also not noticed the guy who 
had stopped and posed against the wall across from my door.  
I first noticed him when he walked to the door and said 
"Hello".
     "Hi." I responded in that colorless tone I use when 
caught off guard.
     "My name is Frank." he said as he extended his hand.
     As I shook his hand the whole lunacy of the situation 
crashed in on my humor gland.  I was standing there in my 
briefs introducing myself to a man who was only wearing a 
towel and a gold chain.  And, all of this was taking placing 
in a building filled with men who had only one thing on 
their minds.  I started to notice the moans and screams and 
squeals from the rooms around me as we made small talk.
     Frank was an attorney in a major law firm.  I sat on 
the cot, and he sat in the chair as we chatted about this 
being my first time in this kind of place and sized each 
other up.  Frank was a nice looking man with wisps of grey 
in his dark hair.  Those wisps became quite noticeable at 
his temples.  He was fully tanned to the point that his skin 
was a darker color than my own naturally summer darkened 
amber complexion.  His chest was quite hairy, and his 
nipples were the size of quarters.  His tits, pink as they 
were, stood out in contrast to his tanned body.  Like the 
hair on his chest, his beard and moustache showed evidence 
of the invasion of the grey haired gang.  I guessed him to 
be ten to fifteen years my senior by his poise.  The one 
thing that seemed to keep throwing a picture of a very 
distinguished man off balance was his green eyes.  They were 
impish.  Even decked out in his three piece suit work 
attire, I could imagine those eyes saying "Let's fuck!".  I 
got the very distinct impression that that was what they 
were saying to me.
     As Frank continued talking, I reached over with both 
hands and began tugging hard at those sweet tits of his.  
His words turned to moans.  He began stroking my cock 
through my underwear; a move like that can take me from zero 
to eighty in less than thirty seconds.  I grabbed a hand 
full of his chest hair and pulled him to me.  I kissed him 
hard forcing my tongue deeply into his mouth which offered 
no resistance.  The stale taste of beer and cigarettes 
served as an olfactory aphrodisiac goading me forward.  I 
felt his erection as I pushed my pelvis into his.  I scooped 
up both of his buns in my hands pressing him to me too tight 
for molecules to move; I needed to feel his heat, his hairy 
masculinity, and his lust.
     I pushed him up against the wall and held him firmly 
there.  I had a taste for tits, and I was going to satisfy 
it.  I let my tongue dart around his luscious nipples never 
lingering in any one spot for too long.  I drank in the 
aroma of his freshly showered body as it began to produce 
that erotic man scent of anticipation.  I moved from nipple 
to nipple and finally chose the left one to tug at with my 
teeth.  His gasp and moan was a signal that he wanted more; 
so I began to gently bite, nibble and chew.
     "Oh, God!  Oh, God!  Yes!  Anything you want!" he 
sputtered.
     I watched his cock bob and dribble precum as I 
intensified my efforts on his tits.  He probably hoped that 
his cock would next come under my scrutiny, but I was more 
into forcing my dick down a guy's throat than into tasting 
his wares.  I pressured Frank to his knees.  I liked 
watching a man look up at me with that look of submissive 
bewilderment.  I squeezed my cock from its base pushing out 
a drop of precum which I rubbed on his lips.  I rubbed my 
dick across his forehead, over each eye as he closed them, 
along his nose and back to his mouth.  He licked the shaft 
of my cock up and down; the heat of his tongue make me 
shiver deep inside.  He began moving up and down on my dick, 
and I kept thrusting my hips forward trying to get him to 
take more of my staff into his mouth.  Hell, I couldn't 
wait.  I grabbed the back of his head and shoved his head 
all the way down.  I felt his lips collide with my pubic 
hair, and I felt the head of my cock dart down the back of 
his throat.  He was pulling my hips toward him as I was 
forcing him to maintain the position.
     We both wanted the intensity, and nothing could stop 
it.  Though his mouth was filled with my cock, his tongue 
massaged every inch of me.  His tongue worship made movement 
unnecessary; it left my cock throbbing and twitching.  
Though I don't cum easily, Frank was getting me closer 
sooner than any other guy ever had.  I pulled him to his 
feet and moved him toward the cot where I pushed him down 
onto his back.  I stood at the head of the cot and lowered 
my dick into his willing mouth.  I began fucking his face 
slowly letting him get accustomed to the rhythm.  As I 
gradually increased the ferocity of my thrusts, I also 
increased the pressure and tug on his tits, and I 
occasionally grabbed a handful of hair and pulled.
     I pulled his legs into the air toward me.  My spit- 
anointed middle finger found his hole as my tongue and teeth 
found his big toes.  Alternately, I made him squirm and 
flinch by chewing his toe or probing his ass.  I extracted 
my cock from his throat and moved to the foot of the cot 
without letting him lower his legs.  I yanked him down to 
the cot's lower end and pushed his legs into his chest.  I 
wanted to taste his man-cunt; I wanted to prepare it for the 
pounding I was already planning in my mind.
     As I lowered my face, the smell of his warm soapy 
shower mingled with his cold lusty sweat and beckoned me 
onward.  I raked my tongue across his slit.  He jumped I 
gripped him tighter.  My tongue skated circles around his 
tightly puckering hole, and then I plunged it in to enjoy 
the saltiness and musk of his fuck hole.
     "Oh, fuck!" he screamed as if nobody could hear him.
     I darted and flicked.  I bit hard, and I raked my teeth 
all around his asshole.  The more he squirmed and screamed   
meant the more my tongue would probe.  My index finger 
replaced my tongue, and I slid it in and out of his hole 
while watching his dick dribble more and more precum.  I 
grabbed a tube of lube from the shelf beneath the wall- 
suspended tv.  I squeezed the tube and watched a fat glob 
run down his crevice to my finger where I worked it in to 
his pucker hole.  One finger was joined by another as I 
sought to loosen that tight opening.  I took a condom from 
the shelf as I returned the lube tube.  I rubbed the 
packaged rubber across his lips.
     "Lick it." I said.
     "It has been a long time since anyone did that to me." 
he managed to get out.
     "Fuckin' lick it!" I demanded this time.
     He complied with a small bit of fear in his eyes.  I 
was plugging his hole with my fingers and making him suck 
the condom in my other hand.  I pulled the rubber package 
from his mouth and ripped it open with my teeth.  With one 
hand finger fucking his ass, I had only one free hand to 
slip the condom onto my cock which was slippery with my own 
precum.  Finally, the rubber was in place clinging tight to 
my hardness.  I position my cock at the threshold of his 
opening and pushed.  He was fuckin' tight.  His ass 
sphincter seemed as determined to keep me out as I was to 
get the big head of my cock into its clutches.
     This mental block I was prepared for.  I grabbed his 
dick and twisted hard.
     "Tell me what you want!" I barked at him.
     "I want your cock." he replied with fearful meekness.
     "Tell me what you want!" I yelled twisting his cock 
more.
      "I wanna get fucked!" he moaned clenching his teeth 
and grimacing his face.
     With those words his butt gave way enough for the head 
of my cock to slip into him.  But, as soon as the head was 
in, his asshole clamped down on it like a bulldog refusing 
to give up his favorite toy.  I grabbed a handful of tit and 
hair and pulled hard enough to make him cry out in pain.  
With that, the barrier gave way, and I was fully buried 
inside him.
     "Oh shit!," he moaned.  "It's yours!  I'm yours!  
Anything!  Fuck me!"
     I began with a nice slow, shallow stroke to enjoy his 
heat and his tightness.  Frank's eyes were held tightly 
shut, and I watched a tear run down the side of his grimaced 
face.  Little by little, he relaxed into the fuck.  I 
increased the speed of my thrusts as well as the depth  
pulling all but the head of cock out and shoving the shaft 
all the way back deep inside.  Frank kept pulling on his own 
cock as he moaned and his head rolled from side to side.  I 
was hardly ready for him to cum yet; I was just really 
beginning to enjoy myself.
     Unfortunately, too many guys are ready for sex to be 
over when they have an orgasm, and most cum much faster than 
do I.  Thus, I learned very quickly that if I wanted a 
really enjoyable time, I needed to keep the guy from cumming 
too fast.  Prolonging the fuck always seemed to lead to 
longer and stronger orgasms for everyone involved.
     I yanked my cock out producing quite a moan from Frank.  
I stood at the bottom of the cot and, before Frank could 
figure out what was going on, I made my move.  I rolled him 
over on his stomach and grabbed his hips and pulled him to 
his knees.  I rammed my dick into his hot hole, and he 
yelled out in both pain and pleasure.   Once fully lodged 
deep in his ass, I simply worked the muscles of my cock 
without moving my hips to make it twitch inside his hole; he 
responded by clenching his ass muscles making that wonderful 
milking motion that my cock so loved to feel.
     I began pummeling his ass shoving my dick in deep and 
hard.  The fierceness of the fucking I was giving him kept 
his arms busy trying to hold his body up.
     "Give it to me!  Give it to me good!" Frank shouted.
     With that bit of encouragement, I went into overdrive.  
The harder I fucked him meant the tighter he would clench 
his ass.  Thus, the friction and joy became greater and 
greater.  I saw sweat beading up on his back, and I felt it 
running down my own.
     "Drill my ass!  Fuck me!  Fuck me!"  he screamed 
getting totally out of control.
     I just kept fucking and fucking him until I was 
mentally somewhere on a totally different plane of 
existence.  I felt detached from my thrusting hips; it was 
as if I were floating and viewing everything from outside my 
own body.  This dreamlike state continued until I felt a 
cramp in my neck from throwing my head back.  That pain 
pulled me back, and the heat of Frank's ass roasting my dick 
snapped me back into the rhythm of the moment.  I grabbed 
his shoulder with my left hand to make sure that my ramming 
went as deep as it could, and I reached around him with my 
right hand to feel the dribbling of man juice from his dick.  
That warm and sticky feeling turned me on more.  I felt 
Frank's balls; they were tight and nearly pulled up inside 
him.  I knew he was close, and I knew I had to work hard to 
get myself closer.
     "Are you gonna cum for me?  You want me to make you 
fuckin' cum?" I taunted him.
     "Yes!  Yes!  Oh, please!" he moaned.
     "Want me to cum in your ass?  Want my cream in your 
tight hole?" I continued.
     That put him over the edge.  I felt his hot cum jet out 
as some splashed on my hand which still clutched his cock.  
He moaned, he bucked, and he screamed in deep haunting joy.  
The feel of his hot load on my hand pushed me over the edge 
as well.  I bit his shoulder and shoved my cock as deep as I 
could feeling my load spew forth.  My hips kept bucking into 
him trying to get deeper and deeper.  We seemed to feed into 
each others orgasm extending the pleasure drain.  I was 
making Neanderthal sounds that echoed in my throat.
     After quite of while of stoic union, I felt my hands 
cramp from holding his hips so tightly.  I made a move to 
extricate myself from his tightly gripping hole.
     "Don't take it out!" he pleaded.
     He carefully slid onto his stomach and pulled me along 
with him.  His ass held my cock prisoner, and I covered his 
body with my own.  I kissed the back of his neck, and we 
both drifted off into some sleepy dream world.
     We were awakened hours later by someone knocking at the 
door.  Groggy, I delicately moved from Frank to the door.  
It was Mike.  I held the door firmly so he couldn't push his 
way into the room, but he heard Frank moving and was aware I 
wasn't alone. 
     "Looks like some of us had a good time and wore 
ourselves out." Mike chuckled.
     "What do you want, Mike?" I responded with my typical 
morning snarl.
     "We have to be out by noon so they can clean up all the 
joy juice from the walls." he chortled.
     "Okay.  Let me shower and get dressed."
     "Hmmm.  Hope you're not planning to use that again.  It 
looks like it already has two loads, and it's nearly eleven 
now."  Mike said as he grabbed at the condom on my dick.
      "I am going to kill your ass!" I screamed as I slammed 
the door.
     Frank and I kissed goodbye, exchanged numbers, and got 
close to starting something again.  But, the cold hard logic 
of time sent me to the showers instead.
     Once outside in the flood of daylight and warmth, I 
demanded coffee.  We stopped in a little hole-in-the-wall 
cafe next door.  It seemed that many of the patrons there, 
whose faces seemed vaguely familiar, had been through nights 
similar to mine.  Since we couldn't check back into the 
baths until four, Mike explained that we would do some 
shopping and sightseeing until then.
     I was glad about the shopping.  I needed a change of 
clothes since I had not prepared to spend the weekend in 
Atlanta.  The first thing I purchased was a nice butch 
smelling cologne; it never hurts to guild the lily.  After 
traipsing around for a while, we found a trendy men's shop.  
I bought a tight fitting black shirt which was leather at 
the chest and shoulders and cotton the rest of the way.  I 
think it caught my eye due to the zippers and studs that 
decorated the leather.  I grabbed a pair of slate grey 
painter's pants, a pair of black briefs, and a pair of black 
socks and was on my way.  Thought it would all work well 
with my black leather boots, so I was quite pleased.
     After shopping and before we ate, we wandered through 
some of Atlanta's parks.  In one park, I tried to get Mike 
to accompany me up to the top of the observation tower where 
you could look across the city from a great vantage point.  
Mike refused claiming to be tired and sleepy.  He sat on a 
bench as I bounded up the stairs.  The tower was about 
thirty feet off the ground and had those pay telescope 
things to enhance the view.
     There were only three people in the tower which was the 
size of a small room and completely open on all sides.  It 
was of a log cabin-like design with an arched roof ten feet 
or so above the floor.  One straight couple was busy holding 
hands and looking out as they walked around, but they soon 
left.  The other occupant had his back to me.  He had dark 
hair pulled back in a ponytail and wore grubby jeans and a 
tee shirt.  He stood in a corner, smoking a cigarette and 
gazing out across the city.   I found the shady side, leaned 
against the railing and drank in the city - my favorite U.S. 
city.  
     It was an easy place to slip into a daydream, and I did 
half thinking about the night before and half thinking about 
the night to come.  When I became aware of my surroundings 
again, the ponytailed guy, who despite the baggy jeans 
seemed to have a nice ass, was looking out of one of the 
telescopes, the one on my side of the tower.  I decided to 
have a smoke before returning to the irritable Mike. 
     When the ponytailed guy turned around, I felt 
definitive movement in my shorts.  He was kind of a rough 
looking sort, but he had a thick bushy moustache which made 
his entire upper lip disappear.  It was the kind of 
moustache I liked to shoot cum all over.  Hairy guys  (thick 
moustaches, beards, hairy arms, hairy legs, hairy backs, 
hairy butts, and/or hairy chests) and overtly butch looking 
guys have always pushed my libido to the limit; it adds to 
the joy of having my way with them and the thrill of 
conquering them.
    He struck a pose in my direction and lit a cigarette.  I 
had his number, and I knew this game.  It didn't take him 
long to begin the mating dance.  Trying to be casual, he 
looked nervously around before he rubbed his crotch.   He 
waited for my reply, but I gave him none.  I simply crossed 
my arms, leaned back against the support beam and starred at 
him.  Butch as he was, I knew the tricks to break him.  He 
rubbed himself again, and I adopted a military stance.  The 
tension between us was building, but I gave him nothing 
obvious to work with.  I enjoyed watching his internal 
conflict as he wondered if I would beat the crap out of him 
or force him to do the unspeakable things he so desired to 
do.  My nothing response was designed to let him know he'd 
have to take whatever I wanted to give.
     Pretty soon, he gave in and walked over to where I was.  
I never took my eyes off of him , and I never lessened the 
heat of my gaze.  We said nothing; my state of arousal spoke 
for itself.  He took a deep, last drag from his cigarette 
and tossed it off the tower.  He began stroking my cock 
through my jeans.  One hand stroked my dick while his other 
hand rubbed my chest.  He deftly undid my zipped to fondle 
my rapidly hardening meat.  He dropped to his knees and 
began sucking my cock.  He was starving and intent on 
devouring it all.  I thrust my hips forward to help him get 
all he needed.  He was a damn good cocksucker.  Even without 
that beautiful moustache tickling as it was drug up and down 
on my rod, he would have been good.  He had the right 
rhythm, the right tongue action and the right level of 
moisture to keep all the friction pleasurable.
     Knowing that we could be interrupted at any moment, I 
primed myself by violently face fucking him till he choked 
and gagged.  He had his jeans undone so that he could diddle 
with himself while he sucked me.  I snatched him up, yanked 
down his jeans, and leaned him against the rail.  His hand 
darted in his pocket, he handed me a rubber, and he began 
lubing his hole.
     I rammed my dick in knocking all the air out of him, 
and all he could do was moan and yell "Shit!"  The fuck was 
rough, hard and fast.  His moaning was deep, low and 
continuous.  I jacked his dick and plowed his ass with a 
fury designed to get us into cum flowing nirvana  as soon as 
possible.  We lucked out in that nobody came near.  It 
didn't take him long before he started shooting.  I clamped 
my hand over his mouth to muffle the screaming.  He came, 
and I was still fucking his ass for dear life.  He pulled 
away, whirled around, dropped to his knees once again, 
removed the condom and went back to expert level 
cocksucking.  As he toyed with my balls and consumed every 
inch, I hit the orgasm wall.  I grabbed his head, shoved my 
dick in and emptied my load down the back of his throat.  
Like a trooper, he took my gusher and relished the flow.  
Even after I regained control and released my death grip 
from his head, he continued to lick and suck not wanting to 
miss a drop.
     It was while he was cleaning off the last drop of cum 
that Mike arrived at the top of the tower.  In the passion, 
I didn't hear his assent.  We were both shocked into reality 
when he spoke.
     "My God!  Don't you ever stop!"
     With Mike looking on with that fucking smirk on his 
face, we hurriedly rearranged ourselves.  Mr. Ponytail 
looked a little embarrassed and a little proud.  He kissed 
me, probably intending it to be brief, but I made it deep 
and clutching just to spite Mike as well as to complete the 
experience.
     "Man, you were great!" he said as he departed.
     I took Mike's "whore dog" razzing all through dinner.  
He asked which waiter I had picked out to throw down and 
fuck for the dinner show.  He, of course, said this just 
loud enough for our waiter to hear.  The waiter smiled and 
winked.  I half thought he might have been willing.
     Finally around six, we got back to the baths, and I 
crashed in my room until well after nightfall.  I had no 
plans of being anywhere or doing anything until I was time 
to dance and work the disco.  I knew that there was more 
that I had to experience before it was time to go home.
     After a great nap and a great shower, I was ready for a 
great fuck.  I made my way into the disco just before 
midnight.  As I walked toward the bar, I was scoping out the 
available prey.  There was quite a change in the crowd; 
Saturday night seemed to bring out a flood of weak sisters.  
In my mind, little is more of a turnoff than someone who has 
to make such an effort to be gay or, at least, has to use 
his gayness to make him the center of attention.  My initial 
reconnaissance told me that maybe it wasn't going to be a 
great night.
     I eventually hurdled the throng of people who stood 
between me and the bar and ordered a drink.  The redheaded 
bartender who spoke with an Australian accent told me it was 
on the house.  I thought maybe it was because I was a new 
face.  I spotted Mike who had cornered some guy; the guy 
looked like he wanted to be anywhere else.  I felt kind of 
sorry for him because I had seen Mike's persistence before.  
I stood, I watched, and I waited for someone who could trip 
my trigger.
     When I ordered a second drink, it also was free.  So, I 
asked the bartender why. 
     "I'd like to tell you it's because I want to get you 
drunk so you'd come home and fuck the piss out of me." He 
said.  "But, the drinks are courtesy of Cam and Eddie."
     "Who?" I asked.
     "They're the two guys at the other corner of the bar; 
they work here."
     "I see."
     "Too bad I'm working this weekend, mate.  Bet you'd be 
great at cuffing me and fucking my ass."
     "Maybe next time I'm in town." I said as I leaned in 
and pulled him to me and kissed him with rough lust.         
     I was kind of disappointed he had to work till closing 
as well.  The red hair, the accent, and the butt you could 
have served tea on certainly would have made for an 
interesting time.  But, I walked away to get a better look 
at Cam and Eddie and to see what they were all about.  
Inconspicuously from behind some people, I got a good look 
at the pair.  They were both small framed and shorter than 
I.  One was black and one was white.  The black guy was 
dressed in jeans and a black tee shirt; his jeans were 
tucked into a good looking pair of cowboy boots.  He had a 
medium brown complexion and closely cropped hair which was 
much coarser than mine.  The white guy, who was pale but not 
pasty, also had very short dark hair, no more than a half 
and inch to an inch in length.  He wore Army fatigue pants, 
lace-up combat boots and a little leather vest.  A leather 
cord was tied loosely around his neck while one was tight 
around his upper arm.  Their costuming was interesting, but 
neither seemed to be able to fully pull it off.  Both had 
features that were too soft and delicate to masquerade as 
hardcore butch.  Something made me wonder if puberty had 
only grazed them in passing.
     To be polite, I walked over to thank them and to 
satisfy my own curiosity.  We made our introductions.  Cam 
or Cameron was the black guy's name, and Eddie was the 
other.  Small talk gave me the opportunity to size them up 
more.  They seemed like nice guys, but something seemed odd.  
It was Eddie who broke through the blarney.
     "We couldn't get you turned on last night, so we 
thought you'd give us another shot at it tonight, under 
better circumstances." Eddie indicated.
     "Excuse me?" I spurted trying to look in control.
     "Told you he didn't have a clue." Cam said laughing.
     They explained that they had been the two drag queens 
who had pulled me onto the stage.  I was stymied.  Not 
asingle body move, gesture or facial expression from either 
guy was even slightly feminine.  Only their size and 
features could be called less than masculine.
     "How would you like two boys worshiping your cock?" 
Eddie said deftly.
     "How about two tight asses to fuck?" Cam added in 
playful seriousness.
     I was intrigued enough to nod in affirmation.  At that 
time in my life, the terms "S&M" and "B&D" were meaningless 
to me, but my subconscious mind had flooded my conscious 
mind with the thrills and joys of dominance in many a 
rousing dream.  This time instinct took over.
     I followed them through a door behind the bar and down 
a narrow ill lit hallway.  In this silent journey, we passed 
several doors before stopping at the farthest one.  Eddie 
withdrew a key from his pocket, and then he turned to face 
me.
     "Once we pass through this door, Sir, we become your 
property.  We will do anything you say, Sir."
     "Train us to please you, Master; we will obey your 
every order." Cam said with the same trancelike mode that 
Eddie had used.
     We entered a dimly lit storage room.  However, one half 
of the room was obviously dedicated to other activities.  
Five large mattresses were stacked atop one another in one 
corner.  Small crates served as night stands.  Each of the  
two small crates came complete with ashtray, condoms, jars 
of lubricant, and bottles of popper.  Cam went to a standing 
locker and pulled out what looked like a child's large size 
treasure chest.  He brought it to me.
     "These are for you to use if you wish, Sir."
     They stood quite and motionless in front of me as if 
they were troops called to attention.  I sat on the 
mattresses which were quite firm, placed the chest on the 
floor between my legs and examined the contents of the box.  
I pulled out a cat-o'-nine-tails which I recognized from a 
book I had read about the Marquis De Sade.  There was a 
leather covered pingpong paddle, several dildoes, a set of 
weighted tit clamps like the one I had seen in a magazine, a 
pair of tits clamps with what I figured was a cock ring 
attached to them, a studded black leather cock ring, an 
enema kit, handcuffs, belts, rope, blindfolds, dog collars, 
leashes, a riding crop and several other items I could not 
identify.
     I went with the tools I thought I could adequately use 
to enhance our pleasure - both whips, a couple of dildoes, 
the pairs of tit clamps, the studded cock ring, the black 
handcuffs, and the paddle.  Positioning my tools just where 
I wanted them, I slid back on the mattresses against the 
wall and lit a cigarette.  I tossed each a bottle of popper 
telling them that they would need it.  Both had trouble 
covering their smiles.
     "Cam I want you to strip that white piece of trash so I 
can see what kind of slave I am getting."  I barked.
     Cam complied eagerly.  He unlaced the boots, snatched 
down the fatigues, and seized the vest.  Unreactive to his 
disrobing, Eddie stood there half hard.
     "Bend him over so I can see if that ass pussy is tight 
enough."
     Cam pushed him down and spread his ass cheeks so that 
his butt was pointed in my direction and his tiny pink 
pucker hole clenched and unclenched on cue.
     "Think you deserve to feel my cock up you ass, son?"
     "No, Sir." Eddie replied.
     "But, you will earn that right, won't you?"
     "Yes, Sir.  Please, Sir, give me the chance!"    
     "Now, let see you suck his dick, Cam; I want to see 
what kind of cocksucker you are."                            
     Without any hesitation Cameron dropped to his knees and 
took Eddie's cock into his mouth and began sucking.  Eddie 
and I both got rock hard instantly.
     "Enough!" I commanded.  "Ed, strip that black bitch and 
show me that hole!"
     Just as unceremoniously as he had been disrobed, he 
pulled the clothes from his roommate and friend and pointed 
his ass in my direction.  I noted that hairy asses and 
crotches were all that these two could provide in the way of 
that masculine symbol; each had completely shaved all other 
body hair.  That aside, I was more than ready for some hot 
action.  As Eddie held Cam in the bent over position, I 
greased my middle finger. stood, walked over to the pair, 
and plunged my finger in as far as it would go.
     "Oh, shit!" Cam screamed.
     "What was that, son?" I commanded.
     "Thank you, Sir!" Cam responded.
     I grabbed the tit clamps, and I applied the pair with 
the cock ring to Eddie nipples which were small and erect.  
He grimaced as each clamp went on, and I smiled.  I stood 
nearly on top of him, got right in his face.
      "You like that don't you, faggot?"
      "Yes, Sir.  Thank you, Sir!"    
     I grabbed his cock and twisted it hard while feeling 
its heat and its precum.  Though his face contorted, he 
uttered not a sound, even as I roughly pulled his cock and 
balls through the ring.
     "Thank you, Sir!"
     When I applied the weighted tit clamps to Cams bigger 
tits and watched them sag from the weight, I got the same 
kind of "thank you" response.  As I watched the two of them 
standing at attention, I hit me.  Now I understood the point 
of this little journey into fantasy land.  They wanted to be 
broken.  My guess was that they would take all I could dish 
out until the breaking point was reached.  When that 
happened, my money was on them begging and fawning all over 
me.  In my mind ran the phrase: "Enemy sighted.  Conquest 
eminent.!"
     "On your hands and knees cocksuckers!   You're gonna 
fuckin' lick my boots clean!" I yelled.
     In a flash, they were tonging off my boots with their 
asses wagging in the air.  I unzipped my pants and pulled my 
dick out.  I snapped on the studded cock ring knowing the 
added sensation those spikes would have as I pushed into ass 
country.  I ordered them to their knees and ordered them 
each in turn to lick the head of my cock.  They did exactly 
what they were told - no more and no less.  I took off my 
clothes and tossed them aside.  I sat on the edge of the 
mattresses, took a snort of amyl, and made them crawl over 
to me.
     "Suck it and suck it good!" I demanded.
     They were all over my dick, licking together and taking 
turns sucking it.  I shoved each of them down on it till 
they gagged, even then there was no resistance on their 
part.  I forced Cam onto his back and ordered him to take 
care of my balls, to lick them until ordered to do 
otherwise.  As he was busy getting them nice and wet, I 
pulled Eddie across my lap.
     "It's time you earned your keep, son!"  I said as I 
cracked the paddle across his ass.  "Count 'em, boy!"
     "One, Sir!  Thank you, Sir!"
     "Two, Sir!  Thank you, Sir!"
     Each swat got harder, and his ass got redder and much 
warmer.  I felt his jizm ooze onto my thigh.  By lick 
fifteen, he had to snort from the bottle of poppers I had 
given him.  At swat twenty-five, even I marveled at his 
endurance, but that was the last swat before he crumbled.
     "Oh, God, Sir!  Please, Sir!  Have mercy, Sir!  Fuck 
your boy, Sir!" he moaned.
     I lubed his ass working three fingers all around to 
loosen it a bit.  I shoved one of the dildoes in; now he was 
twitching and jumping like a boy should rather than trying 
to be the unbreakable hard ass.
     "On the fuckin' floor!" I yelled as I pushed him in 
that direction.  Now it was time to break the other one.  I 
squatted over Cam's face and forced him to eat my ass.  His 
tongue told me how delighted he was at that prospect by the 
way it darted and probed eagerly.  I pulled Cam's legs up 
and pushed Eddie's face into his hole and ordered Eddie to 
eat it.  I used one hand to tug at Cam's tit clamps, and I 
used the other to twist and torture his balls.  At first, he 
too went to his bottle of poppers and seemed to adjust to 
the pain I caused.  I intensified the roughness.
     "Fuck!  Please, Sir!  I do anything; please, Sir!" Cam 
half whimpered.
     They were mine, and I immediately took advantage of the 
situation.  With his feet on the floor and the rest of his 
body on the mattress, I made Cam lie on his back, and I made 
Eddie get on all fours on top of Cam.
      "I want to see you kiss him!  I want to see your 
tongue down his throat!" I ordered Eddie.
     While they kissed, I three fingered Eddie's ass with a 
glob of grease.  He moaned and bucked, and he really got 
into kissing Cam.  I yanked out the dildo, and prepared my 
dick for entry into his hot man-cunt.  With the head of cock 
poised at his pucker hole, I pushed just enough to get most 
of the head into him.  Then I grabbed his shoulders and 
impaled him all the way down on my shaft.  I heard him 
scream "Sweet Jesus!" and "Hold me!"   Cam wrapped his arms 
around Eddie's neck, and they continued kissing between 
Eddie's moans and screams.  Cam held the popper bottle so 
Eddie could take a snort, and he took a deep one.  So did I, 
and then I began to fuck his tight little hole hard and fast 
with only the idea of making him scream and cum on my mind.
     "Like that dick up your butt, cocksucker!  Like having 
your master fuck your sweet ass till you cum for him!"  I 
roared at him.
      "Yes!  Fuck me!  Do it to me!" He whined.
      When Eddie started bucking and I felt his ass ring try 
to clamp down on my dick, I knew he was just about home.  I 
plunged into him even faster, and I grabbed his tit chain 
and yanked it hard.  He screamed out in pleasure as his body 
contracted with every burst of cum he spurted.  He collapsed 
atop Cam.
     I gave him only seconds of piece before I forced his 
head down and made him lick up his own juice.  With his mess 
out of the way, I pushed Cam's legs into the air and dragged 
his butt into fucking position as I ordered Eddie to eat my 
ass.  I needed to cum so I tried to make each stroke of my 
dick into Cam's ass harder than the prior one.  All Cam   
could do was to yell "Oh, God!" over and over.  I didn't 
know how much more Cam could take without cumming.  Eddie's 
tongue finally got into the groove, and he really began to 
eat my ass.  Little by little, I felt the pressure mounting 
in my own balls.  He turned over and slid his head 
underneath and began licking my balls as they slapped at his 
face and Cam's ass.  With that tongue working my balls over, 
I knew that the orgasm bullet train would soon be leaving 
the station.  Cam took a deep snort of poppers and held the 
bottle under my nose.  I inhaled as much as I could with the 
flurry of activity my body was generating.  I looked deeply 
into Cam's face.
     "Cum for me, bitch!  Fuckin' cum for me!"  I groaned. 
     Cam stroked his dick once, and cum shot out all over 
his chest.  As I rubbed my hand in it and smeared it over 
his mouth, I erupted filling the condom.  I kept fucking him 
until all my spasms were done.
     We were all disoriented, and we all collapsed onto the 
mattresses for a few minutes in silence.  It was Cam who 
finally broke the silence.
     "May we take a break, Sir?"
     I think you've both earned it, son." I replied.  
     Eddie lit a cigarette, and Cam went to a small 
refrigerator in the corner.  He retrieved three beers.  A 
smoke and a cold beer was what I needed.  I sat comfortably 
on the mattresses while Cam and Eddie sat crossed legged on 
the floor sharing an ashtray.
     "Did we please you, Sir?" Eddie inquired.
     "You passed the first inspection." I said.
     Again they failed at trying to cover their pleasure.  
It appeared that we all wanted and needed more.  Little was 
said during this break; nobody wanted to break the fantasy.  
Each man downed his beer after finishing his cigarette.  I  
lit a second cigarette and continued sipping on my beer 
waiting for inspiration to come.
     "Come here, black boy, and suck my dick."  I said to 
Cam who darted to it like a viper striking at prey.
     Cam slurped and sucked getting me hard again in no 
time.  Meanwhile, Eddie sat waiting for orders.  It was 
evident to me that cocksucking was at the top of Cam's list; 
his whole body showed how much he loved a hard dick in 
hismouth and down his throat.  Eddie, on the other hand, was 
a true bottom.  He not only wanted but needed a cock plowing 
his butt.  He was the kind of guy who, if you had him alone, 
would ride your cock working himself into a frenzy, and he 
would cum without ever touching himself.  And, he would 
offer no resistance when you pushed him onto his back, 
mounted him and continued fucking; he would simply enjoy it 
as well as cum again.
      I worked Cam's head up and down on my cock, 
occasionally forcing his head all the way down and he'd 
swallow it for me.  It was time to get Eddie into the 
picture.
     "Get over here and suck his dick!  I want to watch you 
eat cock, cumsucker!"  I ordered.
     Eddie wasn't a bad cocksucker, but it wasn't what he 
really wanted.  He was good enough to get Cam moaning.  The 
vibrations from Cam's moaning with my dick in him mouth were 
really making my dick feel great.  There we were the perfect 
open-ended daisy chain.  Cam, stretched out on the mattress 
between my legs, was satisfying his cock hunger on my rod, 
and Eddie was dutifully sucking Cam's dick.  I watched Cam's 
ass bob, and even though his dick eating was great I was 
planning on dumping my next load in Eddie's ass.  I reached 
for the cat whip and struck at Cam's butt; however, that 
whip did not afford me the control I needed at the moment.  
The riding crop was perfect.  I struck hard on one ass cheek 
and then the other; Cam was really moaning now.  I continued 
swatting Cam's buns, but, before I could get a really good 
rhythm going, his body began shaking with the approach of 
his orgasm.  He literally screamed with my dick down his 
throat, and, from Eddie's gurgling sounds, I knew he was 
shooting his spunk down Eddie's throat.  Eddie came up 
gagging and coughing, and Cam kept sucking on my dick 
slowing little by little.
     I rolled Cam off me and yanked Eddie onto the 
mattresses.  I relubed his hole and then rammed my condomed 
cock into it.  I had him on his back with his legs in the 
air, and I began the slow plowing of his ass.  I planned on 
enjoying the hell out of this fuck.  But, Eddie wrapped his 
legs and arms around my neck and kissed me.  We were off to 
the races.  We were kissing out of control and out of 
character, and my hips kept jackhammering my dick into his 
shit chute.
     "Give it to me!  Fuck your whore bitch!" Eddie  cried.
     Cam held the amyl bottle under our noses.  Time and 
reality distorted.  Every stroke in and out of his butt 
seemed an eternity unto itself  I was pulling all the way 
out and shoving it all the way back in, Eddie's head was 
rolling back and forth, his mouth was spewing obscenities, 
and it was all in slow motion.
     I felt his cum smack against my chest, and with each 
thrust another spurt would hit me.  Then my load started 
flowing, and I kept grinding my hips into him as if I were 
trying to plant the seeds of life inside him.  The next 
thing I was aware of was the fact that we were kissing and 
Eddie's ass seemed to be trying to milk more juice from my 
pole.  Eddie clung to me so tightly that it hurt.  Finally, 
he relaxed his grip and I disengaged my dick from his butt 
which struggled to prevent that from happening.  Eddie 
continued showering my mouth with kisses, and I felt the 
condom being removed from my softening shaft.  Cam was 
cleaning all the remaining cum from my rod; that was such a 
surprise that I recoiled from the wetness of his mouth and 
actually spasmed out a few more drops which he devoured.
     Fully satisfied now, we all slipped into sleep while 
every moment of this experience was being stored.  The 
journey back to Tennessee was quiet.  I never told Mike all 
that happened.  In fact, I never recounted the full extent 
of the weekend until now.  Guess you understand why I 
remember it as wet and wild.     


               ***** COPYRIGHT 1993 *****
