Archive-name: Bondage/wet.txt
Archive-author: Kenn Doll
Archive-title: Wet


A B&D Water Fantasy

As she came to, she realized that it would do no good to struggle.
The leather straps that bound her were much too tight.  As more of
her senses returned, she became aware of the thick rubber dildo lodged
deep in her ass.  Tried to crane her neck she could just about see a
long black rubber hose leading from her ass up to a large clear glass
container suspended from the ceiling.  At the bottom of the container
was some sort of a chrome device bristling with hoses and fittings.

The feeling in her asshole had now fully returned.  She squeezed her
rectal muscles as hard as she could to try and push out that huge invader,
but to no avail.  Unknown to her was the fact that circling the coronal
ridge of that massive ass stuffer was a fully inflated Bardex-like cuff.
She would have to turn inside out before she would loose it from its
tight, humid home.

By now, she was almost crazy from the pain. Her small, tight asshole
felt like it was being ripped apart.  She twisted and squirmed, chest
heaving, screaming from the agony, desperate to free herself from the
cold stainless steel table and the enormous rubber cock.  Lost in her
struggle to free herself, she didn't notice that a man had entered the
room and was walking toward the her.

"I'm glad to see you're awake" he said.  "I hope you're not too
uncomfortable."  He laughed as he surveyed the poor girl, who was helpless
to react.  "I hope you don't mind if I check my work."  He chuckled as he
reached between the cheeks of her cute young ass to wiggle the big dildo.

"UUUNNNGH!!" she grunted as the movement sent fresh waves of pain rippling
out from her tormented asshole.

"Oh! I'm sooo sorry.  How insensitive of me!"  He then burst into
uncontrollable laughter, so much so that it brought tears to his eyes
and he began to cough.

When he recovered from his little laughing fit, he began to work some
controls beneath the table where she couldn't see.  She heard the humming
of motors and felt the center of the table rise while the table ends
fell until her ass was a good two feet higher than her head and feet.
At this angle, the tube in her bottom stuck out almost parallel to
the floor.  In addition, the strain in her ass was now doubled as the
hard rubber cock pressed against the insides of her tiny anal opening.
The straps that held her were now even tighter as she was stretched
over the cold unyielding table and her soft skin was growing raw from
the chafing of her bonds.  Pitiful cries of suffering burst from her
lips at this new bewildering turn of events.

"Oh shut up, you little cunt, you haven't begun to feel anything yet!!"

He then took another large container off a heating plate and took it
to the one suspended from the ceiling.  As he brought it over, she saw
that it was filled to the top with a hot viscous liquid and now while
she could no longer see it, she could hear it being poured from one
container to another.  When done, he moved back to the girl's ass and
opened a small valve at the end of the black intruder, and released the
air that was trapped in the line.  As she heard the hiss of the escaping
air, she could also feel the weight of the hot, thick liquid in the tube
as it made its way down towards her vulnerable and stretched asshole.

"Now my little slut, you'll see what happens to bad little girls!"

With that he opened another valve and let the fluid begin to flow  into
her cute young upturned ass.

"Oh nooooooo!!" she cried, but the hot liquid had already begun its
relentless journey into her, filling her.  She began to feel the pressure
build, and FAST.  Her tummy was becoming obscenely distended as the
thick fluid forced its way into every nook and cranny of her firm tummy.

She was openly sobbing now, begging for him to stop the almost
unbelievable pressure and pain that gripped her soft insides like angry
fingers.

"Oh stop crying! You've only taken about 2 quarts and you have LOTS
more to go.  But just to show you that I'm not all bad," he grinned,
"let's see how you like this!"

He stopped the flow of liquid into her and reached down under the table
she was bound to.  He then removed a small piece of the table that was
just below her crotch.  Into this opening he fitted a stand holding a
powerful 8" vibrating dildo.  He adjusted it's position so that it just
sat at the entrance of her tight young cunt.  She tried to shift herself
away from this new invader but by his raising the stand and lowering the
table she found that she had nowhere to squirm and that almost all of her
weight was now born by the dildo impaling her most luscious honey spot.
When he was satisfied with it's position, he tightened the stand so that
it would not move and turned it on.

The powerful vibrations were a shock to her at first and combined with
the two quarts already in her guts and the huge dildos filling her
most private openings, her mouth hung open and a thin strand of saliva
dangled from the corner of her perfect lips.  Whatever feeble powers of
resistance she may have had began to give way to an almost traitorously
rising tide of wicked lust.  Her breathing became heavy and with each
breath came a low moan as she writhed and twisted against her bonds; her
now hungry cunt accepting that big vibrator, lost in pleasure and pain.

"Well I see you do like it, you little slut!" he said grinning.
Without another word her once again let loose the flow of hot, thick
fluid into her ass.  A sharp cry sprang from her lips.  She was being
set afire with a great screaming pressure in her belly and cunt that
now ached to be set free.

Her breasts heaved beneath her as she grunted and ground her now sopping
cunt down onto the electric dildo, humping faster and faster toward
her release.  Her build-up grew like some great expanding bubble like
the one swelling to enormous size in her belly causing her muscles to
tremble uncontrollably in sexual frenzy.

"Oooooooohhhh... yesss, yesssss, YESSSS...  YES!  YESSS!!  OH GOD
YESSSSSS!!!!"  She screamed. And then screamed again, loud and shrill as
she felt herself begin to cum.  At that moment, just before her peak,
he pushed a button that released the air in the inflated cuff on the
massive cork plugging her bottom.

As the first orgasmic spasm ripped through her body, the nozzle, along
with a thick stream of hot fluid, burst from her widely stretched asshole.
She squealed again with tears of ecstasy and relief running down her face.
With each wrenching orgasmic spasm, the cum-like juice spewed from her ass
like from a high pressure pump.  Her voice rose to a high pitched wail
as she humped the big cock wildly now.  This continued for some time as
she grunted through wave after wave of thunderous orgasm.  Many minutes
passed and by now, the flow from her poor asshole only oozed from her,
spurting out only when another wave wracked her sweating, exhausted body.

Little shudders now raced through her.  As her loosened the bonds at her
wrists and ankles, her limbs hung listlessly from the table.  She was in
a semi-numbed state as he turned off the vibrator and removed it from
between her legs.  It, like her legs down to her knees, was covered
with her own sweet cream mingled with the fluid that had so completely
filled her.  Giving her tush a little kiss he left the room while another
man entered.

He walked up to the table and took in the scene that was before him.
Tenderly, he brushed away the hair that was plastered to her face and
kissed her cheek.

She blinked and tried to return her eyes to focus.  With a faint smile
of recognition she said in a hoarse whisper, "That was incredible!"
With that the man replied, "Just wait and see what I get you for your
next birthday! I love you!"

--
