The following story is purely fictional. It is a story about fantasies. What 
many of my fantasies are & what it would be like to have my ultimate fantasies 
come true. 

I hope you will find this story interesting & comments can be sent to me via 
Email at user ID# 72637,2465. 

Again this is a fictional account of my favorite fantasies comming true. It is 
NOT an actual expierence but oh how I wish it were. Nevertheless we can dream 
can't we? 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

It was a warm summer's day as I got up out of bed. I made plans to go to New 
York City which I have often done in the past. 
I made plans to visit a few stores & to just walk around a bit & to enjoy the 
warm summer's sun. 

It was only 8AM on a beautiful saturday morning. A day too good to remain home.
I checked the time schedule for trains to NYC & saw one for 10:25AM. I knew I 
had plenty of time to get ready. 

The taxi picked me up at 10:15 & took me to the train station. There were 
several people waiting for the train so when I got there I had to hope I 
would find a seat there. 

As the train pulled in I strawberry blond girl in her early 20's got on the 
train in front of me. Upon entering the train she sat near a window to view 
the scenery from the west. She had on a floral full skirted sundress which 
had a red background & covered her knees down to her ankles. She wore her hair 
long & straight & had bangs. 

When I notice her I sat down next to her & proceeded to introduce myself. 
Being very shy I found this somewhat hard to do so it took a little bit more 
effort on my part. 

After I said hello I told her what a nice dress she had on. She thanked me & 
said that she was a dressmarker. I also told her I liked her hair style very 
much. It was long & straight down her back nearly to her waist & bangs. 

I introduced myself telling her my name is "Will" & she told me her name was 
Sharon & that she just moved to the United States from Ireland. I told her I 
was part Irish dispite my last name being German. She said that I looked a bit 
Irish. 

As the train headed for NYC I asked her what she was going to NYC for. She said 
nothing much except to get ready to move to Westchester County from "the city" 
where it might be safer & cheaper to live. She said that she might want to 
continue to work in NYC but would have to decide later on that. 

I told her i was going to NYC just to walk around & enjoy the summer's sun. 
I asked if she'd like to join me & she said, "OK. Great!"  This really made me 
feel good since I've never been so lucky like this before. 

Upon arriving at Grand Central we walked to a nearby hamberger place. I saw 
that "Startrek 6" was playing in one of the movie houses in Times Square. I 
told her I like Outer Space Sci-Fi movies & she suggested we go see Trek #6. 

We enjoyed the movie & I told her I look forward to Trek #7 with a grin & she 
said, I'm sure you are," with a big smile. 

She then asked me if I'd like to go to her apartment not far from midtown 
Manhattan & I agreed. I was really feeling like I was in "seven-heaven". 

When we got into her apartment she became very sensuous & began hugging & 
kissing me. She then ask me to come into her bedroom which was just what I 
was hoping for. 

I kissed her lovely lips & began to hug her rubbing her body to mine. 
She still had her dress on & I asked her to open her legs a foot or so apart.
Once she did that I asked her to sit down but keep her legs opened which she 
did. She put her hands at her side & said "Come & sit next to me". 

As she sat down I noticed her dress forming a U-shaped groove between her legs. 
The sight of this alwayus excited me & today was no exception. I even told her 
that her dress made a nice groove between her legs & she thanked me. She even 
said that we all must groove every once in a while & I agreed. 

We then began necking, kissing, & petting. I eventually ended up on top of her 
even though she still had her dress on. I continued to pet her legs & the area 
where the dress was between her legs as before. I was running my hands up & 
down her from head to toe & she loved every moment of it. 

I pulled down her panties & told her my love muscle is not as big as others 
& I'll need her help to usher it in. She said it will be her pleasure to help 
me. 

Upon penetration I noticed that she was bleeding. She showed no pain & the 
noises she made werw only sounds of pleasure. The simulation went on for 
several minutes & we reached our climax at the very same time. At climax 
I was kissing her lips & could feel her warmth & sensuousness. Our climax 
was long & wonderful. 

After we made love i asked her if she was a virgin until she met me & she said 
that she was. She said she loved it & wish we met before today. 
Little did i know she wasn't finished yet. 

After we made love she took a red full skirted dress she made & put it on me. 
She had me sit with the dress on with my legs opened & told me I made a nice 
groove as well. I thanked her & told her that this groove felt great! She 
then commented, "You REALLY know how to GROOVE honey!". I told her, "I know. 
I'm a GROOVY guy!" with a big smile. She loved hearing that. 

She then had a rubber full apron & had me come closer to her. I could only 
imagine what would be next. 

As I got closer to her she said, "I'm going to put an APRON on you!" Then she 
said, "Now I'm going to TIE the APRON on you!" She then said, "You look GREAT 
with a dress & an APRON on you!". I smiled & said, "Thanks! I feel GREAT! as 
well!" 

She then had me sit down again with my legs opened & she gave me a golden 
shower that was long & sweet right on my lap where the dress & apron had once 
again formed a U-shaped groove between my legs. After this I had her sit down 
with her legs opened & put a rubber full apron on her & returned the golden 
shower favor to her. After we finished we both admired our lovely work of art. 

Soon it was suppertime & I continued to wear the dress she had put on me & I 
even did her dishes wearing the rubber apron she put on me as well. 

After dinner we went out dancing & she was nice enough to teach me a few steps. 
I again told her how lovely she looked & wish I was allowed to keep the dress 
on which she had put on me before. 

We danced until the wee hours of the morning. We were still at it when the sun 
came up on another warm & wonderful summer's day. We had breakfast afterwards 
it was DEFINATELY time to head back home but not before another lovemaking 
interlude. 

Upon the trip back home I said that I'd like to see her again. She agreed & 
gave me her phone number. 

We kept contact with each other & have seen each other often. I never would 
believe I'd ever find someone with the same sexual fantasies that i have. 

Now we are ONE & we could not be any happier. Soon we will have another 
member of our family which tests have revealed to be a girl. We will name her 
Sharon as that's my favorite girl's name & it has a special meaning since it 
was the name of the girl I met on a train to New York City one warm & wonderful 
summer's day. 

We still play our fantasy games & will continue to do so even with a family to 
take care of. Sure it will be hard but when our kids are old enough we feel 
they will understand. 

Have fun & keep on GROOVING IT! 

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This was a fictional account of what it would be like to have my sexual 
fatasies come true. I hope you have enjoyed reading this story & I welcome 
comments. my user ID# is 72637,2465. 

Today I remain single & think of this fantasy often. Maybe one day I'll live 
this fantasy but life does go on. Nevertheless I can dream can't I!? 

Thanks! Happy fantasies & keep on GROOVING IT!

Sincerly,

Will W.

72637,2465





 



