                  WHEN DAWN BREAKS 

                   by V.P. Viddler


     "Want to see Dawn lose control?" I said to Rob. "It's such a 
beautiful sight."

     Dawn shook her head, her eyes begging. Dawn was sitting in a 
chair, with her arms tied behind her around the back, a rope 
lashing her wrists together and securing them to the chair. Dawn 
was clothed, but her shirt was unbuttoned, the inner bulges of 
her breasts showing. And her skirt was shoved up to the tops of 
her thighs. To the bottom of her panties. And Dawn's legs were 
bare. Except for the two ropes. One rope was wrapped tightly 
around her ankles, holding them fast together and also binding 
them to the lower rung of the chair. The other rope was wrapped 
tightly around her legs, just above the knees. Both ropes were 
lashed so tightly that Dawn's flesh bulged around them, above and 
below them. And Dawn's bare legs, bound that way, captive and 
helpless, made my blood boil with lust. So beautiful. So bare and 
bound and curvy. So luscious. Such sculpted, molded, shapely, 
delicious calves. Such defenseless, smooth, long, gorgeous, 
mouth-watering, savory, beckoning thighs. Such flesh, such skin 
bulging around the ropes, such bound, unmoving, squirming legs.
     
     I couldn't do anything but look at them, watch them, want 
them. Touch them. With Dawn sobbing and squirming in that chair. 
Touching all of them. Hands sliding. With Dawn crying and 
twisting and begging and pleading. For me to stop.

     Until Dawn lost control.

     Dawn didn't want to. Dawn fought against it, always. She 
hated doing it, hated herself for it, almost died with 
humiliation and shame. But couldn't stop it, couldn't hold it 
back, and would have killed herself rather than have me see her 
in such a state. Loving it, I would watch as Dawn lost it, 
struggled frantically to hold back, couldn't control it as it 
took over her body, and I would watch, gazing at her lovely 
distorted face, twisting, glazing, turning crazy with passion, 
with need, with strain, with shame, with helplessness. Gasping. 
Shaking. Crying. "No. No. God no, I don't want to, no, please god 
no..." And begging for mercy even as she was beginning to beg for 
satisfaction.

     Which Dawn did finally, in spite of herself and her awful 
burning horror and shame. "Do it do it oh please stop no do it 
Christ do it to me I can't stand it please oh god please don't 
stop I can't oh yes no yes yes please yes no no don't oh give it 
to me do it no please oh please oh dear god I can't I can't 
please more for god's sake please," and on and on and I would 
watch as her body twisted and writhed and Dawn tried even now to 
turn away so I wouldn't see that gasping mouth, that straining 
face, but I would watch it all. Thrashing legs, arching torso, 
rolling breasts.

     So now, watching Dawn's bound and curving legs, I said to 
Rob: "Want to see Dawn lose control?"

     "No," Dawn begged, shaking her head, her long dark hair 
moving. "No. Please, Jim. Not that, please."

     And Dawn went on pleading as I ran my hands up and down 
those soft, curving, bound legs, calves, thighs, up and down, 
back and forth, and I told Rob to touch those high, full breasts. 
Dawn writhed and twisted in that sturdy chair as Rob did that, 
rubbing her first outside her shirt, and then sliding his hands 
inside that open shirt and rubbing, squeezing, caressing those 
luscious bosoms, and Dawn fought it as hard as she could, fought 
with all her might not to give in to it, but at last it was no 
use and our sobbing, pleading girl was losing control and Rob and 
I watched that face, stroked that body, listened to that sound of 
mingled horror and wanting as Dawn begged us to do it to her, 
begging, crying, twisting until she upset that chair and sprawled 
on the floor, bound and luscious, and I cut her legs loose and 
took took took took...


     "I hate you," Dawn said.

     She was lying on my bed, spread-eagled, tightly stretched, 
wrists and ankles roped to the four corner bedposts. Body taut. 
Arms and legs taut. Long dark hair loose. Not naked. Black shirt 
pulled open, showing most of her breasts. Blue skirt pulled high 
up over her thighs. Outspread legs bare. Dawn's legs. Fantastic. 
I wish I could explain about Dawn's legs, Dawn's calves, Dawn's 
thighs. I can't.

     "I know," I said. "I know you do, darling Dawn. Now tell me 
what you want me to do to you."

     "No," Dawn said.

     "Go on," I said. "Tell me. You know you will. You know how 
you want it."

     "Don't," Dawn said. "Please. Bastard."

     "Tell me," I said. I was touching her. Lightly. Touching.

     "Don't," Dawn said. Panting. Writhing. "Stop," Dawn said.

     I didn't stop. "Tell me what you want me to do to you, 
Dawn," I said.

     "I want it," Dawn said, crying. "I want you to fuck me. I 
want it. I want you to take me. Please. Do it to me now. I want 
it, I need it, oh Jesus I hate you you bastard you filth you 
cocksucking son of a bitch now please do it now please I want it 
damn you I have to have it plese do it please do it fuck it I'll 
do anything you say, please, please, please, please, don't no 
please oh Jesus you dirty fuck please don't no yes do it I want 
it oh oh oh oh oh I'll kill you please god please I'm begging 
now, yes, I'm begging, what do you want, I can't stand it, 
please."

     "What about Rob?" I said. "Don't you want him to fuck you 
too?"

     "No! Yes! Damn you! Him too, anything."

     "How about Danny?" I said.

     Dawn looked at me, sobbing. "You can't," Dawn said.

     "Yes," I said.

     "I won't," Dawn said.

     "Okay," I said. "I'll just have to talk you into it." And I 
did some things to her. Loving things. Painful things. Until Dawn 
said, "All right I will yes Danny too yes I will yes please stop 
now," and I said, "Tell me to bring Danny in," and Dawn said, 
"God god I can't do this."

     "Tell me to bring him in," I said. "So Danny can watch you 
this way."

     "Oh Jesus god have mercy," Dawn said.

     "Watch you this way. And hear you beg for him to fuck you. 
Begging Danny to do anything he wants with your body. Right, Dawn 
darling?"

     Dawn was crying.

     "Tell me," I said.

     "Bring him," Dawn screamed. "Bring him. I'll do it, I'll do 
it, yes okay, let him fuck me, I'll do it for all of you, all of 
you. Bring him!"

     "Will you tell him that you want to suck his cock?" I said. 
"Take his cock into your mouth and suck him off? On your knees? 
Will you crawl for him and kiss his feet and tell him you are his 
toy, his plaything, his submissive and cock-sucking slave sister? 
Will you, Dawn?" Touching her. Doing things to her. Loving 
things. Painful things. Dawn writhing and twisting. Rob touching 
her too. Her round, rolling breasts. Her tightly pinioned torso. 
And her unbelievably sexy, long, curvy, shapely, fantastic, 
fabulous, salacious, mouth-watering, helpless, outspread, 
defenseless, luscious, gorgeous, sensuous, arousing, mind-
boggling, soft, smooth, erotic legs.

     Dawn screamed and screamed. "Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! I'll do it, 
I swear, I promise, I'll do it all, I'll do it, I can't, please 
no please no please yes oh Jesus yes I want you I want you all of 
you I'll crawl let me go."

     "No," I said. "I love you this way, all tied up, hurting, 
screaming, helpless, squirming. I want you this way forever."

     Rob was rubbing his cock on Dawn's face, putting it between 
her pretty young lips and then coming all over her face and her 
hair.

     "Get Danny in," I said.

     Danny was so anxious to fuck his sister that he simply raped 
her before I could make her say anything, but afterwards Dawn 
spent a full hour with his cock in her mouth, crying, as she told 
him how it was. Danny and Rob and I had Dawn all the ways we 
could think of as Dawn screamed. "No no yes do it no stop please 
no yes oh please please..."
