                            AT HIS WHIMS FOR THE NIGHT

    The phone rang at her desk.  She answered it.  He whispered to her to meet
him on the corner in five minutes.  Don't wear any underwear or else.  She
dashed into the ladies room, rapidly divesting herself of her bra, panties and
stockings.  She was grateful that she'd worn that long, silky dress that
buttoned up the front today.  Otherwise she never could have undressed so
quickly.  Then, she would have been in big trouble.  She rushed outside,
praying that she was there before him.  The last time she was late, he made her
pay dearly.  Seconds after she arrived, she saw his Porsche quickly approaching.

    He screeched to a halt at the corner, opening the door for her, ordering
her inside.  He looked her over carefully for signs of underwear.  Reaching
over he strapped her in, his hands wandering over her loose breasts as he
snapped the seatbelt tight.  His hands brushed her tits once more.  He noticed
her nipples beginning to make little peaks in her blue silk dress.  He handed
her a pair of sunglasses and ordered her to put them on.  They covered her eyes
all around and she discovered she couldn't see anything through them.

    She wondered what he had in mind for her this time.  She could feel herself
beginning to heat up in anticipation.  She loved these fantasies they had
started playing out last year.  As she felt the car pull away from the curb,
she heard his low sexy voice tell her to unbutton all but two of the buttons
going up the front of her dress.  Slowly she started unbuttoning them, first
the top one, then the next, then the next.  Looking over he could see more than
an outline of her luscious breasts.  Now, leave the next two buttoned, he told
her.  Then she started unbuttoning from the bottom.  First, the last one, then
the next.  That must be all, she thought, if I'm supposed to leave two buttoned.
The wind from the slightly open car window rustled her dress exposing more of
her.

    The Porsche had speeded up, no longer stopping and starting.  She figured
they must be on a freeway now.  Where could he be taking her?

    Suddenly she realized he was talking to her again.  She had been lost in
the fantasies.  What was he saying?  Slide down in the seat, he said, and
spread your legs open.  Ah, yes, now I can see those delicious parts of you I
like, he said in a low voice.  Sit yourself so all of the lower part of you is
against the leather.  I want that wet pussy of yours to make prints on the
seat.  She did as she was told, feeling the leather cool and smooth against her
ass.  She felt so exposed, naked practically in the car.  She was afraid men in
other cars might see her like this.  She only did this for him, not anyone
else.  Listening to the road noise, she thought they must be traveling quite
fast.  She still had no idea where they were.

    Play with your tits, show me how you turn yourself on, he demanded.  She
took a breast in each of her hands.  She had very petite hands which only
covered about a third of each of her full, heavy breasts.  She caressed them,
her hands rubbing all over them.  He leaned over slightly and took her left
nipple and began to roll it between his fingers.  Pulling and pinching it
slightly, it was getting stiff and hard between his fingers.  Do the other one,
he told her.  She began to play with her nipple, flicking her forefinger back
and forth across it.  Now lick it, he ordered.  She leaned over and took as
much as she could into her mouth.  She licked it all around, her wet tongue
making everything glisten.  Show me how you suck it.  She held her breast in
both hands so that she could get her mouth around it.  She suckled like a baby
on her own boob.  Bite it, bite it, he urged her.  She nibbled gently.  He
could see her tit between her teeth.  She was really getting turned on.  She
couldn't believe how wet she was getting.  She wondered how hard he was.  She
wanted to reach over and measure the bulge in his jeans but she knew she didn't
dare be aggressive right now.

    She could feel the heat building inside of her.  She wanted to feel the
slick wetness between her legs.  She started to sneak her hand down towards it.
She hoped he couldn't see her.  She didn't want to get in any trouble.  She
couldn't resist the temptation to touch her pussy, feel the honey oozing out of
her from loving her own breasts.  Not only that but the car was starting to
have the smell of sex.  All of her senses were aroused.  As her finger moved
closer, she kept licking her lips, her tongue circling them unconsciously.  Her
breathing quickened as her finger started to enter that hot hole.  Her juices
were flowing so much that she hardly had to move her finger for it to slide in
and out.  Little moans escaped from deep in her throat.  Oh, no, she worried,
he'll catch me now... The car was slowing down, he was pulling over to the side
of some road.  It was dark outside now and she could smell trees, pine,
perhaps.  He hadn't said anything to her in a long time.  He had been content
to watch her play with herself in that sly way but now he had other ideas.

    She had been so preoccupied pleasuring herself, that she was surprised to
feel the car roll to a stop.  Unexpectedly, he grabbed her free hand forcefully
and ordered her to keep playing with herself with the other.  He took her
closest breast into his mouth, sucking the nipple hard, his tongue rolling
around it.  The sensation was intense, the moans stopping in her throat, she
tried to remain silent.  He kissed and licked up and down and around her tit,
making it wet.  As his tongue moved up her body to her neck, he stopped
periodically to take her flesh between his lips and teeth, sucking and making
visible love bites.  As he heard the sweet sounds of her finger moving in and
out of her hot pussy, he could tell she was very aroused and getting close to
cumming.  Reaching down he took hold of the hand she had been working on her
hot hole and began to lick each finger savoring the taste of her.  In heat, a
moan escaped from her mouth.  She wanted more, now, but he was in no hurry to
give it to her.  Instead, putting her arms at her side, he slipped her wrists
into the cuffs at each side of the seat and made them fast so she couldn't move
them.  He returned to loving her breasts, first one, then the other, until she
began to move her head from side to side in ecstasy.  Abruptly, he thrust his
long, thick tongue into her mouth, kissing her powerfully and deeply.  His hand
rubbed her pussy and a finger began to probe deeper inside.  She felt it pushing
something inside her.  He continued kissing, her sucking gently on her lips,
licking all around her mouth.  She could feel him fingering her now ultra-
sensitive clit, her juices pouring out of her onto the leather seat.  He rolled
her clit between his fingers, her body twitching with the little electriclike
shocks which were running throughout her body.  She had begun to pant, her
breasts heaving...

    Now he had her how he liked her - super hot and horny, wet and wild for
him.  He put his now slick finger into her mouth.  Lick it clean, he said, taste
yourself.  She did as she was told.  She was on fire, wanting to be satisfied.
His fingers started buttoning her dress closed.  He felt her succulent breasts
through the silky fabric of her dress and rubbed his palms across her nipples
until the outline of them could be seen quite clearly.

    He spoke to her for the first time in what seemed like hours.  I'm going to
free your hands and remove the glasses so that we can go inside here and have a
drink.  You are not to speak unless I tell you to, ok?  And, I've left a little
present or two in that snatch of yours so that you don't cool down too much.
If either of those little balls leave your pussy, who knows what might happen
to you next.  When we're inside, you are to look down and not make eye contact
with anyone but me, understand?

    Opening the car door, he got out and went around to let her out.  Walk in
front of me, he said, I want to watch how you move that ass of yours.  He
reached out and ran a hand over her cheeks.  She felt herself blush, hoping no
one could see.  She could feel those little balls inside her move as she
walked.  She felt as though she were in a state of constant stimulation.  He
pulled the door to the tavern open and ushered her inside.  They sat at a
little table at one side.   Spread your legs a little now, he ordered.  She did
but had to tighten her pussy muscles as she did so.  She was so wet and
slippery, she was afraid that the little balls would slip out of her.  You're
the only woman in here and I want all those men to see what they're going to
miss out on.  Stay here, I'm going to get us something to drink.  He walked
away, noticing the hungry looks on the other drinkers faces.

    Left alone all she could think about was relieving the tension that had
built up inside her ever since she had gotten in the car.  Surreptitiously, she
tried rubbing her thighs together aware every moment of the little balls inside
her.  She worked her pussy muscles, tightening them, releasing them carefully,
hoping she could get off before he came back.  She was afraid she might push
the little balls out if she worked those muscles too hard.  Her skin and nerves
were on edge from the constant stimulation and attention that had been paid her
so far that evening.

    At the bar, he ordered their drinks.  The bartender leaned close to him,
remarking on what a fine looking lady he was with tonight.  I wouldn't mind
getting to know her better myself, he said as he poured.  Now, that's an idea,
the man said to the bartender.  Is there somewhere the three of us could be
alone together?  There's no one in the room with the pool table right now, how
about we meet there when my shift ends in a few minutes?  All right, he said,
picking up their drinks to take back to the table.

    Approaching the table, he could see the glazed look on her face.  Moving
quickly, he sat down before she had succeeded in achieving her goal.  If
anything, all she had done was to get herself flushed and even more turned on.
She stirred and realized that there would be no immediate relief in sight.  She
sipped her drink, hoping she could regain her composure quickly.  Turning to
her, he said, in a few minutes, I want you to get up, walk very seductively
across the room and go into the room where the pool table is and wait for me
there.  You understand?  She nodded her acknowledgment.  She wondered what he
had in mind.  This was something new.  Now, go!, he said.  She took the last
sip of her drink, stood up and started to cross the room.  He watched her walk,
her ass swaying sensuously in the silk dress.  He glanced at the other men,
some licking their lips as they followed her movements.  He knew that they
could see her full breasts press up against the front of her dress as she
walked.  Even the dark triangle of her bush was visible as she walked.  She
reached the doorway of the game room and entered it.  Her breath came unevenly
since the little balls moved inside her increasing the friction and excitement
with every step she took.

    Swiftly, he got up, walking firmly towards the doorway.  Once inside the
room, he gently closed the door as he dimmed the lights to almost darkness.
Taking her in his arms, he kissed her fully on the mouth, his tongue pushing
through her lips.  Grabbing her ass, he pulled her to him, rubbing his hard cock
up against her.  He reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out a silk scarf
which he used to blindfold her.  Running his hands all over her hot body, he
unbuttoned once again the top buttons of her dress, pulling the material to
each side so that her beautiful breasts were exposed to the air.  His big hands
fondled her breasts as his long tongue began to lick her starting at her navel
and working its way up her body.  Taking one of her already hard nipples in his
mouth, he sucked at it, flicking his tongue across the tip.  He did the same to
the other one.  She could hardly contain her moans.  Leaning against the pool
table, he turned her around, lifted the back of her dress and freed his bulging
cock from his jeans so that it was hard against her ass.  All this time, she
kept remembering that she didn't dare let go of the little balls inside her.
She was so turned on and yet she couldn't let herself go.  She didn't want to
get in trouble that way by losing them.

    Her pussy juices were practically running down her legs, she was so hot.
She was so engrossed in keeping her pussy muscles clenched tight enough that
she didn't hear the door open and close as the bartender joined them.  He
padded silently up to her and started licking and nibbling her breasts.
Startled, she realized that someone else had joined them.  Her lover's hands
roamed her asscheeks, lightly pinching them.  He moved her hands to the
bartenders crotch, rubbing them around as the bulge in the pants got larger.
Getting the idea, she unzipped the bartender's pants, taking his big dick in
her hands.  Behind her she felt her lover rub his cock all around in her pussy
juices.  The bartender pushed her head down to his dick.  She took the tip of
it between her lips and ran her tongue around the head until it was all wet.
The bartender's hands ran through her hair, firmly and insistently moving her
head, forcing her to take more of him into her mouth.  Her mouth worked his
cock, her tongue teasing against the head, running up and down the ridge.  Her
hand gripped the base of his cock, moving it in rhythm as she sucked.

    Behind her the engorged head of her lover's cock rubbed up and down her
crack.  His hands spread her cheeks open as he pushed the head into her
butthole.  She groaned as he entered the dark tunnel.  He rested briefly,
waiting for her ass muscles to relax around him and accept his hardness.
Feeling the resistance leave, he began a slow in and out movement.  Several
times, he pulled himself almost all the way out and then thrust fully into her
ass.  Her body was trembling with excitement.  A finger started stroking her
clit, bringing her ever closer to cumming, then stopped.  The bartender groaned
loudly with pleasure.  She knew exactly how to use her mouth and tongue to
pleasure him.  Suddenly, he pushed her head down further, forcing her to take 
all of him in her throat.  She could feel that hard cock in her ass start to 
shoot hot cum deep inside her.  Hearing groans in front of her and behind her,
the bartender started spurting inside her mouth.  She was surrounded by noises
of relief and pleasure...and she was even more teased and turned on, the little
balls practically floating in her pussy juices.  If she didn't get to cum soon
she didn't know how much more of this she could take...but, then, she didn't
have any other choice tonight but to go along with him, did she...


