Archive-name: Fetish/whitboot.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: White Boots


Sandy came to our office to fill out some paperwork before 
beginning our program.  I got the forms she needed and directed 
her to the small conference room in our suite.  Pulling up a
chair, I indicated the chair across from me and asked her to please sit down.
I got her started on filling out the forms and then sat back to wait
for her to finish.

As she worked I looked down to see that she was wearing short white 
boots, the kind that come up just above a woman's ankle.  Her boots
were kind of pointed at the toes and had short heels.  Still filling 
out the forms, she absentmindedly bobbed her boots up and down, rocking
them on their heels.

I couldn't help but tell her how much I liked her boots.  She smiled
and seemed very pleased.  Turning her chair, she picked up her feet
and placed them in my lap.  "Go ahead and touch them," Sandy said.
I reached down and allowed my hands to move over the smooth, hard, 
white leather as she ground her heels into my crotch.  "Kiss them,"
she ordered, and I leaned down and kissed the tip of each boot..

"How much do you like them?" she asked next.  I told her I liked 
them so much that I was ready to come right then and there just
from seeing them.  "Then I want you to come now.  Take yourself out
of your pants and come for me right now."  She shifted her feet so 
that I could release my cock, already erect and dripping.  Once my
cock was free and waving in the air shemoved her white boots so that
her heels were right at the base of my cock, her dirty soles facing
me.  I took my rod in hand and began to stroke it.  As I did she 
moved her back and forth a little, occasionally rubbing them against
my cock and balls.

"Are you going to come for me," Sandy asked.  I said that I'd do
anything she wanted.  "Then I want you to shoot your load on my
boots and then lick them clean."  I continued to jerk off,
feeling the pressure inside my balls building.  "Kneel on the
floor," she ordered, taking her feet from my lap and placing
them on the floor.  I got off of the chair and positioned myself
in front of her so that my cock was right over her white boots.

"Now come for me," she said.  I pumped as fast as I could, my hips
bucking hard, feeling electricity in my back, and soon my cream was
shooting out and falling on the tops of her sexy boots.  I continued
to milk my cock until the last drops had fallen onto her boots and
the floor.  "Now lick them clean for me."  I leaned forward and taking
one of her boots in hand, I touched my tongue to a smear of come, 
tasting the sweet-salty, fresh-smelling fluid that coated her
heeled boots.  I licked across the top, scooping up the come
with my tongue and swallowing it.  When I had finished with the
first boot, I lifted the second and performed the same service.
As I continued to kneel on the floor, my cock hanging out of my
pants, Sandy pushed her chair back, stood up, and walked out
of the room without a work.  As she neared the front doors of our
office suite, she did turn to say "There are a few drops of your
come on the floor.  Lick them up."  I leaned forward and cleaned the
carpet as she asked.  When I had finished and looked up she was gone.
Leaning back against a table, trying to recover my senses, I looked
down to see that juices had continued to leak from my now softened
rod and had soaked the front of my pants.

--
