Copyright © 1997,     Drifter.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.






Sexually Explicit Material   -   Not Intended for Minors

     Title      Who Knew???        


     Part 1

     by the Drifter


     I met Pam at a college mixer.   You know one of those dance parties
for kids to get to know each other at the start of each college year. 
Usually they were for freshmen but at our small college everyone went.  I
had seen several cute freshmen I thought might be fun and easy for a
college senior.  I had a few phone numbers and names to work on. 
Then I saw Pam.   

     Now Pam is not exactly the playmate type. Her breasts were not
huge, her ass was not the perfect ass.  Several of the freshmen girls I had
been hustling were better looking and better built.  But Pam was best
described as sleek, trim, built for speed.  She was thin and athletic.  Her
hair was dark, cut short and springy.  Her face was sweet, lovely, cute
with nice features full lips and brown eyes that grabbed you.  Her body
was trim, c cup breasts that looked right on her.  Small waist, a cute ass
and long athletic legs.... it was a nice package.  I am OK in the looks, no
complaints but no medals either.

     I had seen her dance with a number of guys.  It looked like she
was pretty tight with each of them though nothing obvious.  I did see one
guy walk away with a hard on making his pants stick out and knew she
had felt it.  The idea made me hot.  I really am a watcher, a voyeur
sometimes.

     I walked up and asked her to dance.  She smiled at me as she
took my offered hand and I think I fell in love.  Her face lit up when she
smiled.  Her beautiful brown eyes twinkled, she flashed a perfect set of
white teeth as her face broke into that wonderful contagious smile.  I
smiled back and felt inadequate.

     We danced a slow one sort of loosely connected as we talked.  I
learned she was a senior too.  her home town, her parents name and
type, protective.  We swapped likes and dislikes, hobbies, past work
experiences.  We were on our fifth straight dance when I kept staring at
her full lips. I loved her mouth.  Then I heard her say, "Go ahead."

     I looked up and she said, "Go ahead and kiss me. You've been
staring at my lips for two dances.  For god's sake kiss me."

     I touched my lips to hers and felt the softest, sweetest pair of lips
ever.  That first kiss was soft and tender, our lips parted and tongues
explored tentatively.  When we pulled apart she said, "As good as you
thought?"

     I laughed and hugged her tighter as we were just standing in one
spot rocking slowly to the music.  "Better.  But I think I need another few
tests to really tell."

       She grinned that smile again and slid both arms around my
neck.  My hands met behind her high on her cute butt just resting there
on that delicious shelf.  I looked around and no one had even noticed us.

The floor was crowded, the lights dim and we were out in the middle of
the floor.  Our open lips met again and it was some serious smooching. 
Our tongues darted, teased and then I sent my long tongue into her
mouth (every girl I had ever seriously kissed commented on how long
and big my tongue was) .  Pam seemed to love it and started sucking on
it.  She didn't want to turn it loose it seemed and she sucked it more like
a cock than a tongue.  All I knew was suddenly I had a huge hard on
and was pressing it against her.  She returned the pressure firmly but the
kiss was what had our attention.

     When we broke finally we both were gasping for breath.  She laid
her head on my shoulder and we danced slowly with our a word.  When I
could I said, "That was the most fabulous kiss I have ever enjoyed Pam. 
Man can you kiss."

     She hugged me in silent appreciation and then looked up at me
and said,  "Me too,  I love to kiss... I loved the way you kissed me.  And
your tongue...."

     We danced silently again for a song.  Then we pulled apart when
the music stopped and she held my hand tightly as we walked off the
floor.   We walked through the crowd and I said, "Would you like to go..."

     I was going to say get a drink but she interrupted me to say, "Yes
lets go."

     We got in my old but reliable car and she slid over beside me as I
pulled out of the parking lot.  Now you need to know that the local
parking make out spot near the campus is referred to as simply The Hill. 
It's safe, it's private and it's close.  I  asked her where she would like to
go meaning to get a coke but she looked at me and said softly, "The
Hill."

     When I killed the engine and turned to her she moved into my
arms and our lips met again. It was even better.  As she sucked on my
tongue again I could only think about getting her mouth on my hard cock.
My hand found her firm little breasts and her very hard nipples as I
realized she wore no bra.  I pinched her nipples and she moaned into
my mouth and kissed me harder.  All thoughts left me except getting my
cock out and into her mouth.  It wasn't too cool but it was direct.  I
unzipped my pants and pulled my seven inch cock out.  I caught her
hand and placed it on my cock.  Her hand explored and then she broke
the kiss and looked at me as she stroked me.

     I said softly, "The way you sucked my tongue, I'm dying for you to
suck my cock."

     She let out a noise like a small whine and closed her eyes and
moved until her head was in my lap and she was swallowing my cock. 
My instincts had been right. I had my share of blow jobs through high
school and college but nothing like this.   Pam loved cock,  she bobbed
and sucked and licked and then deep throated me.  I fucked her face
and she did it all again and again.  I was getting close to cumming and
she could clearly tell.  She never slowed but increased her activity until I
blew in her mouth.  She started whining loudly as she sucked every drop
I had to offer and swallowed it.

     She finally let me go and sat up looking at me as if she wasn't sure
what to do now.  I pulled her to me and kissed her again tasting my cum
in her mouth.  I obviously enjoyed her taste now and she relaxed and got
back into the hottest kiss yet.   After a while I broke the kiss and
looked at her and said, "Pam I want to eat you so bad."

     She let out that small whine again. I later learned she did that
every time she came.  She just nodded rapidly and we were quickly
settled in the back seat.  She pulled her skirt up and pushed her panties
down and lay back in the seat.  For the next thirty minutes I licked and
sucked and tongued her pussy and ass hole like never before. I knew I
was trying to compete with the best blow job I had ever had.  I fucked
her cunt with my big tongue, sucked her labia and clit, she had been
whining continuously like a hungry puppy and then I found her ass hole
and slid my finger in a little as I lightly bit her swollen clit.  She let out a
scream that I thought would bring the police and then she collapsed with
her legs loosely around my neck.

     I couldn't move.  My nose was now in her pussy slit and I loved
the smell as much as the taste.  Finally she moved and mumbled,
"Comere" which I interpreted as come up and kiss my mouth you fool,
and I did.

     This kiss was soft and tender and loving.  When it broke we sort
of lay against each other.  I was dressed but my limp cock still hung out
of my jeans limply.  Pam's blouse was wide open showing her nice little
tits.  Her skirt was around her waist baring everything and her panties
were on the floor.

     In a minute she laughed softly and said, "When you french kissed
me on the dance floor, all I could think of was how good your tongue
would feel in my pussy."

     "I know Pam,  when you sucked on my tongue I wanted you to
suck my cock so bad.  God you are good at head."

     "I know Tim,  I love giving head.  I love having a cock in my
mouth.  I think we are both pretty damned oral.  And both damn good at
it. Must be lots of practice."
     
     We kissed, teased, played with each other, talked about sex and
then as she stroked my hard cock, "Tim I'm on the pill,  please fuck me
nice and slow."

     I did,  she whined several times as we did and then loudly as I
came in her tight pussy.

     We slowly dressed and moved back to the front seat of the car. 
She sat next to me and I said, "I want to see you again."

     "OK when?"

     "Every day, and night."

     "I like the sound of that, but  I do have a few commitments.  Dates
with guys I made before tonight.   But  I share an apartment with a very
dear sweet friend.  She and I are real close.  She might not..."

     I interrupted and asked, "Are you hinting she is a lover too."

     Pam looked at me and smiled nodding slowly watching my eyes. 
I kissed her lips lightly and then asked, "How is she going to feel about
sharing you with me?"

     She hugged me tight for a moment and then said, "We are both bi
Tim.   She won't mind but when I tell her about your tongue I think she
will want to share you too."

     "Are you OK with that?"

     "Maybe,  as long as I know you are mine and I'm just loaning you
to her."

     "Are you mine?"  I couldn't believe how fast this was going or how
good it felt.

     "Any way you want me."

     "Then it's mutual honey."

               * * *

     We were parked in front of her apartment.  She pointed out her
window and the light was on.  She told me it was a two bedroom
apartment but that she and Sherry usually only used one.  I smiled at her
and said, "I like that for some reason.  Like that you have a female lover.
Am I weird?"

     "If  you are Tim, I love it.  Most guys run when they hear I have a
female lover."

     She looked at me for a long time as if trying to make up her mind
about something.  Then she said, "You seem too good to be true.  Just
how open are you?"

     "I'm not sure what you mean Pam, I have always felt like I was
pretty open about most things."

     "Tim,  I have a feeling I could fall for you real bad.  How do you
feel about me fucking you on our first night?"

     "Great,  I never believed in that old not kiss on the first date crap. 
If you feel like it do it.  You don't have to love someone to enjoy sex with
them.  I felt real drawn to you from the first time you smiled at me.  I
think you could get to be real habit forming, and I don't mean just the
sex.  I think we are pretty good together."

     Pam just smiled and snuggled a little closer.  I cupped her breast
and she sighed softly and said, "I love to be touched and fondled.  I
hope you will do that a lot."

     "I will, I like to play,  sometimes in public."

     "Me too, Sherry says I'm an exhibitionist."

     "I like that."

     "Tim I am sitting here scared to death to bring up what's on my
mind.  Afraid you will run away."

     "I doubt that you could say anything that would cause that." and I
squeezed her breast.

     Her hand rested lightly on my soft cock, not moving.  Then she
said, "Did you ever share a girl with another guy?"

     I felt my cock jump and so did she.   She laughed and said, "Your
cock likes the idea."

     I laughed and wondered if she was leading where I hoped she
was.  I swallowed and said, "I never have really, I participated in a gang
bang one night.  This girl took on five of us.  A couple of times each for
most of us, more for a couple of the guys who could get it up again."

     She kissed me and looked into my eyes as she said, "I love that. 
I love doing two guys at once.  Can you deal with that with me?"

     "Truthful,   I don't know.  I like the idea as you can tell from
what's in your hand now.  I'm game to try sometime."

     She kissed me hard then.  I felt her take my cock out of my pants
and slowly stroke it as it got even harder.   She said in a husky voice, "I
adore sex Tim.  I sometimes think I am addicted to sex.  It is hard for me
to say no.  Tim I don't say no very often.  I have dates three nights next
week and I will fuck all three of them"

     I knew I liked what she was telling me.  I was somehow terribly
attracted to her for that.  I remembered thinking, I hope she isn't a flame
and me the moth...

     I let the seat back and pulled her toward me.  She understood and
straddled my lap. She had not put her panties back on and she guided
my hard cock into her. It was a long slow fuck.  She controlled it and she
talked to me except when she came.  She whined twice and came . She
paused only for a second before moving up and down on me again.  She
felt me getting closer and she said, 

     "Would you like to watch me fuck Sherry?"

     "Oh yeah, I would love that."

     "Would you like to watch me fuck another guy?"

     I came hard.  I flooded her warm wet pussy.  As I shot load after
load into her I groaned, "Yes ... I ....   would..."

     She slumped in my lap and after a moment kissed me so lightly,
her lips like a wisp of air almost.  She looked into my eyes and said
softly,  "Tim, I am wide open about sex as you can tell.  I like you a lot
and hope you hang around.  If you do you will be my man,  my main
man. But you won't be my only man.  Do you still want to be with me?"

     "Pam, I'm not sure about everything.  I am sure that I want to be
with you. I have never been the jealous type.  I'm not possessive.  I think
it would be awesome to do all the things you talked about.  All I can
promise is an open mind.  I hope I can deal with everything with you."

     She lay against me, my limp cock still in her and she began to
hum a little song.  I later learned she did that when she was very happy.

               * * *

     After that night, we spent almost all of our free time together except
when she went out with another guy. She never said she fucked them
but I was sure she had.  

      I met Sherry on campus one day and she was gorgeous.  I guess 
she was better looking than Pam but not to me.  She was fun though
and I liked her right away.  As the three of us talked over coffee she said
to Pam,  "I don't have a date tonight, are you guys going to be at the
apartment?"

     I wondered why she was asking.  "I looked at Pam and she winked
at me and said, "Yes sweetheart, I think we will be there by about six. 
Want to join us?"

     The meaning hit me and I had an instant hard on.  Pam noticed
because her hand was on top of it as it usually was. Sherry said, "What
about you Tim, do you mind if I join you two? "

     Before I could answer Pam giggled and said, "Sherry, I think he is
eager.  Look here."  and she motioned with her eyes.  Sherry looked and
saw my erection in my jeans and smiled saying, 

     "Oh good, I think it likes me."

          * * *          

     We had the threesome that night and we all loved it.  Pam and I had
a threesome with another of her regular dates and it was totally
awesome.  The year went by fast like that and soon we were looking at
graduation.  We were job interviewing and it dawned on me that Pam
and I might be going separate ways soon.  That bummed me out and the
more I thought about it the worse I felt.  Finally I called her and asked
her to meet me at her door later that night.  She reminded me she had a
hot date with this stud she enjoyed.

     I asked her to break the date, that I needed to talk to her.  She
said OK and spoke to Sherry for a minute and then said to me, I'll be
waiting for you. Sherry will fuck my date in my place.

     I drove to the Hill and stopped.  I didn't make a move and Pam
asked what was wrong.  

     "Pam, school is over, we are trying to get jobs.  What if we are
separated?"

     She looked crestfallen.  She hadn't thought of that.  She said
softly, "Oh dear."

     "Yeah...  "

     "What can we do?  I guess we can get jobs in the same area... if
we can."

     "Yeah we can do that but I want to do more.  I want us to get
married."

     She looked at me strangely,  "Are you serious?  I never
dreamed... I guess I thought you would find some near virgin who would
be true blue and all of that.  You want to marry me?"

          "I have loved you from that first night Pam.  Marry me."

     "Oh Tim honey,  I love you too but you know how I am. I don't think
marriage would work."

     "I don't care.  I know how you are and I don't care about that."

     "Honey I don't think I could ever settle down to one man.  If I see
someone I like I will probably fuck them.  Would you be able to deal with
that if I were your wife?"

     "I've been dealing with it all year.  I like the way we are.  I like the
threesomes we have shared.  I like being able to fuck who ever I please.
I like that you do the same."

     The talk went late into the night , the net of it was we both got jobs
with the same company in a city nearby and we got married.  The
wedding party consisted of people we had fucked together over the last
year.  The reception turned into a real all out orgy for three days.  It was
also our honeymoon since we had to catch a flight and report to work
right away.

     We were busy as hell then for a while. Getting the apartment fixed
up, getting started in our jobs.  We of course still had time and energy
for nightly sex.  Then after a couple of weeks one night as we lay in bed
I put on a frown and said, "I want to talk to you about not living up to our
wedding vows Pam."

     She looked at me funny and asked, "What are you talking about
my love.  I thought I was doing pretty good at keeping you happy in the
sack."

     "Oh you are that... it's that other thing."

     She looked at me funny and I said, "I don't think you have fucked
a soul besides me since our honeymoon."  and I broke into a grin.

     She laughed and said, "You bastard.  I thought I had done
something bad.  And as for the other, I guess you aren't so smart after
all.  I've fucked my boss several times at work already.  I just wasn't sure
how to bring it up and tell you.  But he wants to meet you."


     the end for now
     
     If you liked this and want more, let me know - Drifter
     














--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
