Archive-name: Family/widow4.txt
Archive-author: Sharon Sutton (with help from Lisa Cortez)
Archive-title: Widow's Family, The - 4


                                  CHAPTER 7

Karen just could  not get the  idea out of  her mind.  Her  brother Carl
fucking  her  stepmother  she  was  afraid  of the consequences but very
aroused and she fingered her  pussy until she had climaxed  twice before
she fell asleep  the blankets down  to her feet  and her fingers  thrust
deep in her slippery cunt.  Karen slept fitfully and woke up about 11:30
wondering if Laura and Carl were at each other again.  She wanted to  go
find out but worried about being discovered peeking in on them.  As  she
looked  toward  her  half  open  door  Karen  saw the outline of someone
standing at her  half open door  looking at her.   She realized she  was
laying in her bed naked with only her feet covered and wondered who  was
at her door.  Not  wanting to give away  the fact she was  now awake she
layed there watching the figure  thru half closed eyes.  As  she studied
the outline  of the  person she  realized it  must be  her brother  Brad
because of the height and  build of the outline.  Slowly  Karen realized
that her brother was stroking his  prick because she saw his arm  moving
slowly in front of him.  Karen wondered how long Brad had been  standing
there watching her.  Karen was getting hot watching Brad in the  shadows
stroking his cock and decide to give him a good show.  Karen spread  her
legs and let her hand wander down  to her pussy rubbing her slit as  she
spread her legs giving Brad a good look at her pussy.  While she  rubbed
her  cunt  Karen's  other  hand  began  to  massage her now excited tits
twisting her  nipples as  she slowly  inserted her  fingers into her wet
pussy.  Karen could hear Brad's breathing get louder and the pace of his
arm picked up clearly showing he was excited by what he saw.  Karen  was
thinking about last night with Carol and the feeling of the dildo  going
in and out of  her pussy.  Karen wondered  if Brad's cock would  feel as
good as the dildo had in her hot wet cunt.

Karen decided, if Laura could fuck  Carl why couldn't she have fun  with
Brad.  Karen slowly reached out for  the lamp by her bed and  flicked it
on catching Brad in the light streaming out of her door.  Brad froze his
hand on his  big stiff prick  and his eyes  burning with lust  and fear.
Karen told him to  come in an close  the door but Brad  just stood their
frozen in  place wondering  how he  was going  to get  out of this mess.
Karen seeing that Brad needed some  help got up and went to  him placing
her hand  on his  and slipping  her hand  down to  the head of his cock.
Karen pulled Brad into her room  and slowly closed the door behind  him.
Brad's mind was swimming with a mixture of doubt and lust as his  sister
drew him into her room by his stiff prick.  Brad looked at his  sister's
naked body and  his lust overcame  his fear as  he saw her  firm breasts
sporting stiff erect nipples and her cunt with her nicely trimmed  pussy
lips  glistening  with  her  juices.   Brad's  hand left his cock and he
reached out and cupped Karen's  firm breast letting his fingers  rub her
stiff pink nipples.  Karen  let out a little  gasp as Brad felt  her tit
and moved her hand to his big stiff prick gently grabbing his  throbbing
cock at the root and rubbing the length of his hot stiff prick.   Brad's
other  hand  went  down  his  sister's  hard  flat belly finding its way
between her firm thighs.  Karen  spread he legs and allowed  her brother
to rub her pussy and push  his finger deep into her sopping  slit.  Brad
and Karen stood rubbing each other  for a few minutes until they  melted
into each other's arms and began to kiss.  Karen felt Brad's stiff  cock
pressing hotly against her belly and  she wanted him to fuck her.   Brad
was beside himself  with passion and  was slipping his  tongue deep into
his sister's mouth as he pulled and stroked her firm ass cheeks.

Karen was he first to break their passionate embrace pulling her brother
over to her bed.   Brad pushed Karen back  on the bed and  began to suck
her firm tits  pulling on her  nipples with his  teeth as he  worked his
fingers up her sopping snatch.  Karen  was near climax by now and  asked
her brother to eat her pussy.  Brad moved down her belly licking a trail
to her sweet slit then pulled her legs up over his shoulders and lowered
his face to her  slippery slit.  Karen began  to climax as soon  as Brad
began to lick her pussy and suck her now very erect clit.  Brad cock was
throbbing with excitement and he  wanted to fuck his sister  Karen's hot
cunt.  Karen was well on her way to her second orgasm as Brad licked her
stiff clit  and finger  fucked her  sopping pussy.   Brad could feel his
sister tense up as her  climax approached.  Karen was in  seventh heaven
her pussy was throbbing and she felt like she was ready to pass out from
the pleasure  Brad's mouth  and fingers  were causing  in her  tight wet
cunt.  Karen  began her  climax humping  her pussy  up into her brothers
face and covering his mouth and  chin with her thick sweet pussy  juice.
Brad rammed his fingers deep into Karen's convulsing slit and sucked her
clit hard as she bucked and twisted with orgasmic frenzy.  Slowly  Karen
began  to  come  to  reality  as  Brad  continued to lick and finger her
sopping slit.

Karen wanted  to pleasure  her brother  and lifted  Brad's face from her
crotch kissing him and tasting her pussy juice on his lips and tongue as
she drove her tongue into his mouth.  Karen rolled Brad on his back  and
licked his nipples as  she worked her way  down his hard belly,  feeling
his stiff  prick rubbing  her stomach  and trailing  its way between her
firm hanging tits.  Karen moved down Brad's stomach until her mouth  was
over Brad's erect  cock.  Karen smelled  the musky sent  of her brothers
prick and balls and  saw the pre cum  leaking out of his  big cock head.
Karen bent her head and licked  the clear liquid off Brad's cock  making
his hips twitch and jump.  Karen was surprised at the taste of Brad cock
the slippery pre cum was sweet and she wanted more, so she went down  on
Brad forcing his stiff prick deep into her mouth.  Brad was humping  his
hips now forcing his prick deeper  into her mouth and Karen was  sure he
was going to cum in her mouth.  Brad could no longer hold back his flood
of  passion  and  as  Karen  sucked  his prick Brad climaxed filling his
sister's mouth with his pent up sperm.  Karen determined to make  Brad's
pleasure  complete  sucked  hard  on  his  cock taking him deep into her
throat without  gagging.  Karen  felt his  cock swell  and then felt the
blasts of Brad's sperm  hit the back of  her throat and fill  her mouth.
If as by instinct Karen began to swallow and as Brad pumped his spurting
dick deep into her mouth Karen  drank his sweet salty cum losing  only a
little due to  Brad's frenzied thrashing.   Brad continued to  force his
cock down  his sisters  throat until  all his  pent up  passion had been
satisfied.  Brad pulled Karen up and kissed her holding her tight to him
feeling very close to his sister for the first time.

Brad continued to  hold and kiss  his sister feeling  her firm tits  and
firm ass as Karen fondled his cock and balls.  Before long their passion
renewed itself  and Brad's  cock was  stiff and  throbbing again.   Brad
kissed Karen  and rolled  over her  moving his  mouth to  her firm tits,
sucking on her  erect nipples.  Karen  spread her legs  and reached down
grabbing Brad's  erect prick  and rubbing  the head  of his swollen cock
against her hot  wet cunt.  Brad  knew now was  the time and  he pressed
forward as Karen guided his long hard prick up her tight slippery  cunt.
Both kids moaned as Brad's cock spread Karen's hot slit and pressed deep
into her cunt.  Karen's legs came up behind Brad's back and he began  to
fuck  his  cock  deep  into  her  cunt  making  her cry out each time he
bottomed out in her tight cunt.  Karen was on fire from Brad's hot stiff
prick stretching her nearly virginal pussy and the feelings were quickly
spreading from her cunt out over her entire body.  Karen began to climax
her young  pussy clamping  down on  Brad's stiff  pounding prick  like a
velvet vise.  Brad forced his sister's  tit in his mouth as he  poured a
river of sperm into Karen's  clutching pussy.  Brad and Karen  continued
to fuck until Brad's cock went soft and they had again returned to earth
from their  passionate coupling.   Brad rolled  off Karen  and both kids
gently stroked each other as they  lay naked in the bed.  Brad  reversed
his position  and spread  Karen's legs  licking and  sucking her sopping
pussy.  Karen being face to face with Brad's soft cock began to lick his
cock and balls tasting  the mixture of his  sperm and her juices  as she
sucked his prick into her mouth.  Karen and Brad's passion began to rise
and soon Brad's cock was as large as before and he was beginning to hump
his hips forcing his prick in  and out of Karen's hot mouth.   Brad knew
Karen was excited again and he wanted to fuck his sister Doggy style  so
he told her  to get up  on her hands  and knees.  Karen  sensed what was
going to happen  from watching the  film at Carol's  house and got  into
position knowing  this would  be fun.   Brad quickly  got behind her and
guided his now fully  hard cock up her  dripping slit forcing his  stiff
cock  deep  into  his  sister's  hot  sperm filled twat with one thrust.
Karen moaned and urged him on  as Brad began to ream his  sister's pussy
with long hard  strokes making Karen  climax twice before  he filled her
sweet young slit with his sperm.  Their passion spent the kids curled up
on the bed and after pulling up the covers fell into a deep sleep.


                               CHAPTER 8


Carl and Lauren had been downstairs watching TV and discretely  fondling
each other.  Lauren wondered where Brad and Karen were but surmised they
had already gone  to bed.  Carl  wanted to make  love to his  stepmother
again and his cock was nearly stiff all evening from Lauren's occasional
rubbing on his crotch and the beaver shots she was giving him from under
her skirt.  After the news Lauren suggested they go to bed and told  her
son Carl to wait a while and  then join her in her room.  Carl  was more
than ready and his cock was already stiff and throbbing as they  climbed
the stairs.  Lauren told Carl to check  on his brother to see if he  was
sleeping and Lauren went to check on Karen.  Carl looked in Brad's  room
and saw that he was not there then heard a low gasp.  Carl swung  around
to see his mother standing at the door to Karen's room.  Moving  quickly
to her side he saw the reason for his mothers gasp.  There lay Brad  and
Karen curled up  together like two  spoons.  Brad behind  his sister his
hand over  her chest  cupping her  naked breast.   Carl's cock jumped to
full erection  immediately and  he reached  around Lauren  to fondle her
firm tits.   Lauren squirmed  a bit  at first  but finally  settled down
letting her step  son fondle her  tits.  Lauren could  feel Carl's stiff
cock pressing against her ass cheeks and knew that Carl was very excited
by the site  of his sister  and brother in  bed together.  Lauren  stood
watching her kids  for a few  minutes and let  Carl stimulate her  body.
Lauren was hot too  and she wondered how  it would be to  have Brad fuck
her.   More  than  that  Lauren  wondered  how  it  would be to suck her
daughters pert firm tits and suck  her pussy.  What no one knew  besides
Lauren was that she  had been with a  number of women prior  to marriage
and had always had bi desires.

Just as she was reaching behind her for Carl's cock Brad began to stir a
bit.  Lauren  backed away  from the  door and  told Carl  to move to her
room.  Once inside Lauren looked directly into Carl's eyes and asked him
if he wanted to fuck Karen.  Carl looked down but answered yes.   Lauren
told her son that it was ok  to have those feelings and that she  wasn't
hurt by his desires for his  sister.  Lauren continued to tell him  that
she also had those type feeling s for Brad and wanted to satisfy him too
like she had Carls.   Looking deeply into Carl's  eyes she told him  her
plan.  "Look she said, Brad is going  to have to come out soon to  go to
the can and when he does I want you to go into Karen's room turn off the
light and get  in bed with  her".  "Karen is  a heavy sleeper  so she'll
never wake up and once your next  to her start to work her up  until you
get your prick up her once you both get off let her know its you".  "She
may have a shit fit  but tell her you know  about her and Brad and  that
will calm her down until you get  her turned on again and fuck her  some
more".  The plan sounded good to Carl but he wanted to know how his step
mom was going to seduce his brother.  "OK" said Carl, "But how will  you
get Brad into  your bed"?  Lauren  responded "I'll just  tell him I  saw
what they did and tell him we need to talk about it, Take him to my room
and the rest will just follow".  Carl had to agree, once Brad got a look
at mom naked he was sure to follow his urges.

Lauren stripped  and got  her robe  and Carl  stripped down  letting his
mother play with  his cock and  Balls as they  waited for Brad  to leave
Karen's room.  Before ten minutes had gone by they hear footsteps in the
hall and peering out of the door  saw Brad naked padding his way to  the
bathroom.  As soon as he went in Carl his stiff cock bouncing with  each
step headed into Karen's room.  Brad had pulled back the covers  getting
up and Karen's hot body was  fully exposed, Carl looked up and  down her
delightful frame looking at her  pert tits and flat stomach  and finally
stopping at her neatly trimmed  pussy.  Remembering his mothers plan  he
quickly switched  off the  light and  gently climbed  into Karen's  bed,
taking Brad's place alongside Karen's hot body.  Carl gently pulled  the
covers up over his sister and placed his arm around her cupping her firm
tit as he moved his hips to  meet the firm flesh of her tight  buttocks.
Carl's cock was  stiff as a  baseball bat and  as he pressed  it against
Karen's pussy lips  and ass cheeks  she whispered softly  to him.  "Brad
not yet give me a chance  to rest first".  Carl thought very  stimulated
wanted to play this  out so after pressing  his prick against her  pussy
lips he lay very still.  In  the stillness he heard the toilet  flush in
the bathroom and wondered how Lauren was getting on with her part of the
plan.  As Carl was wondering Karen raised her leg a bit allowing  Carl's
stiff cock to  move further forward  between her hot  pussy lips.  Karen
put her leg down trapping Carl's dick between her firm thighs and  began
to rub the head of his  prick with her fingers.  Karen was  wondering to
herself how Brad had  gotten hard so soon  and although se loved  it she
worried that they might be discovered.

Lauren was standing in the hall waiting for Brad to finish and wondering
how Brad would react to her plan.  Lauren had intentionally not tied her
robe around her and it gaped in just the right places so that Brad would
get a glimpse of her body.   The light went off under the  Bathroom door
and Brad emerged fully naked still carrying his cloths.  He was startled
by the sight  of his step  mother and tried  to cover his  cock with the
bundle of cloths he was carrying.   Lauren reached out and put her  hand
on Brad's shoulder making her robe open up and allowing Brad to see  her
left tit and all the way down the front of her body to her naked  pussy.
Lauren watched as  Brad's eyes followed  the flow of  her body and  then
came back to her face.  "Brad" said Lauren "I saw you in bed with  Karen
and we have to talk about this right away", "I want you to come with  me
to  my  room  where  we  won't  be disturbed".  Brad followed his mother
thinking that  he was  never going  to survive  the punishment.   Lauren
walked into her room  and stood there as  Brad followed her in.   Lauren
took Brad's cloths from him and looked at her son as he stood there  his
cock standing stiffly in  front of him.  Lauren  told Brad to relax  and
moved him onto her bed, then walked around he other side of the bed  and
took off  her robe.   Lauren turned  around and  let Brad  see her naked
body.  Lauren wondered about the affect she was having on Brad as he had
a hard-on ever since she stopped  him in the hall.  Lauren got  onto the
bed next to  Brad and asked  him if he  had enjoyed fucking  his sister.
Brad stammered a bit  and then told his  step mom that it  had felt very
good.  Lauren asked  him to show  her what he  had done to  Karen.  Brad
told her  that they  had sex,  but Lauren  persisted and  told Brad  she
wanted him to show her.  Lauren reinforced her order by reaching out and
stroking his stiff cock  asking him if Karen  had played with his  cock.
Brad murmured a soft yes and reached out touching his mothers naked tit.
Lauren knew now she was on firm ground and let Brad cup her tit and roll
her stiff nipple as she stroked  his stiff prick.  Lauren bent down  and
took Brad's cock into  her mouth sliding his  long stiff cock deep  into
her throat.  Lauren pulled back and  asked Brad if Karen had sucked  his
cock for him Brad told his mother Karen had sucked him until he climaxed
and had drunk down  his sperm.  Lauren pulled  Brad down and spread  her
legs and forced his face between her legs giving him a close up view  of
a woman's cunt.   Brad reached out  and pulled his  mothers cunt to  his
face and began to lick and suck her slippery slit.  Lauren returned  her
attentions to her son's stiff prick and forced his whole cock deep  into
her throat sucking his throbbing cock hard.  Brad was tongue fucking his
mom's pussy  licking up  her juices  and lashing  her erect  clit making
Lauren twitch  and jump  with pleasure.   Lauren started  to climax  and
forced Brad's face into her pulsing cunt his tongue going deep into  her
hot slippery pussy.  Brad could not  hold back any longer and his  prick
began throb as it spewed sperm into his step mothers mouth and throat.

Both mother and  son climaxed into  each others mouths  and ground their
sex into each other's hot  wanting lips.  Brad licked up  Lauren's sweet
pussy juice and fingered her tight  anus while Lauren sucked up his  cum
and  swallowed  his  sweet  load.   Brad  wanted  to fuck and he quickly
scrambled between Lauren's wide open  thighs his young cock still  hard.
Lauren felt Brad's  cock enter her  cunt and she  thrust up to  meet him
forcing his prick  deep into her  pulsing twat.  Brad  grabbed his mom's
tits as he  pounded his dick  into her pussy  going balls deep  on every
thrust.  Lauren was  twisting and moaning  as Brad filled  her cunt with
his young hard prick and pulled  on her nipples making her climax  again
and again.   Brad rammed  his step  mom's cunt  pounding his stiff prick
into her hot pussy until his climax overcame him and he squirted his cum
deep into Lauren's pulsing pussy.  Brad collapsed on his mother and  she
gently  rolled  them  on  their  sides  and they lay their getting their
breath back.

Back in Karen's bedroom things were heating up and Carl had his hands on
his sister's tits massaging her firm tits and pulling on her very  stiff
nipples.  Karen's pussy was dripping wet and what she thought was Brad's
cock had  leaked a  great quantity  of pre-cum  onto her fingers.  Karen
brought one hand to her mouth  and licked the slippery sweet liquid  off
her fingers marveling at the taste.  Looking down she noticed a ring  on
the hand playing with her left  tit and knew that the person  behind her
wasn't Brad.  Karen  knew at once  that it was  Carl behind her  and she
wondered if Brad knew about the  switch and felt very wicked and  turned
on realizing that she was going to get fucked by Carl.  Karen spread her
legs and reached down pressing the head of Carl's cock into her  sopping
wet  vagina.   Carl's  cock  was  throbbing  and  stiff as he worked his
swollen  shaft  deep  into  his  sister  Karen's  hot tight slit.  Karen
started to moan and hump her ass back against Carl making his long  hard
cock saw  in and  out of  her tight  young slit.   Carl was kneading his
sister's  hot  tits  as  he  fucked  his  cock  into her slippery pussy.
Reaching one had  down over her  tight belly Carl  reached her cunt  and
began to frigg her  stiff clit adding to  Karen's pleasure as they  both
neared climax.   Karen was  beginning her  orgasmic climb  and her  body
stiffened as her orgasm  overtook her making her  cry out for his  cock.
Carl went over the brink as Karen's tight young cunt clamped down on his
invading  cock  making  him  shoot  a  massive  load of sperm up her hot
slippery  vagina.   As  they  slowed  their  pace Karen was the first to
speak.  "Carl" she said,  "that was fantastic now  why don't we turn  on
the light so we can see each other as we fuck?  Carl was a bit taken off
guard and froze wondering  how long Karen had  known it was him  and not
his brother Brad.  "So you know" said Carl, "yes" responded Karen, and I
want you to eat my pussy and I want to suck your cock like Mom does".

Carl wondered  how much  Karen knew  and decided  that it  didn't matter
since Karen had already fucked both Brad and himself so she was  equally
guilty and even more  so than his stepmother  and himself.  Carl got  up
and  turned  on  the  light.   Karen  looked beautiful and her firm tits
sported erect nipples attesting to her continued arousal.  Karen  spread
her legs and fingered her pussy as she watched Carl return to her  side.
Karen brought her  fingers to her  mouth and licked  the accumulation of
Carl's sperm and  her pussy juices  from her fingers.   Carl got between
her legs and straddled Karen's face  letting his half hard cock rub  her
flushed face.  Karen grabbed Carl's  cock and sucked her brother's  dick
deep into her throat  sucking his cock while  she played with his  balls
and slowly  pressed her  finger up  Carl's anus.   Carl was  busy on his
sister's wet hot cunt, tongue fucking her twat while he fingered her hot
little anal  pucker.  Carl  and Karen  worked each  other's genitals for
more than 10 minutes during which Karen climaxed drenching Carl with her
thick sweet cunt juice.   Carl's cock was stiff  and hard and he  pulled
out of Karen's sucking mouth and  got between her legs puling them  open
and resting her legs over his shoulders.  Karen reached down and  spread
her pussy lips then grabbed Carl's hot stiff prick and guided him up her
swollen pink pussy.   Carl rammed his  cock deep into  Karen's hot tight
pussy forcing  his swollen  prick balls  deep into  her waiting  snatch.
Karen began to moan  and pull on Carl's  hips ramming him deep  into her
packed pussy.   Carl was  possessed and  fucked his  sister with  wanton
abandon  ramming  his  cock  into  her  hot young twat making her climax
multiple times and finally filling her sweet tight slit with a big  load
of sperm.  Carl was  pretty done in and  he rolled Karen over  on top of
him his cock still buried deep in her pulsing cunt.  After a few minutes
they got their breath back and Carl began to kiss Karen and rub her firm
tits.  Carl started to think  about Lauren and Brad wondering  if Lauren
had seduced Brad and was laying back enjoying Brad's cock being  stuffed
up her pussy.  Carl's cock started  to swell again and Karen could  feel
Carl's cock  expanding in  her hot  tight slit.   Karen's cunt  began to
twitch and she  sat up forcing  her cunt into  Carl's cock and  began to
hump up and down making Carl start to moan again.  Carl looked up at his
sister her  slim body  humping up  and down  on his  stiff prick  and he
noticed that they were not alone.  Brad and Lauren were standing  Behind
Karen watching her fuck her pussy with his cock.  Brad's stiff cock  was
standing proudly  as Lauren  stood beside  her younger  son stroking his
stiff cock as Brad  pulled on his step  mom's full tits and  twisted her
nipples as they watched Karen pounding Carl's thick long shaft into  her
tight young cunt.

Lauren wanted to get  it on with Karen  and she came up  behind her step
daughter and ran her hands around  under her arms until she had  Karen's
firm young  tits cupped  in her  hands.  Karen  startled looked over her
shoulder  to  see  Brad  and  Lauren,  Karen was startled to have Lauren
fondling her tits but the pleasure Carl's stiff probing dick was  giving
her  made  it  impossible  for  her  to  stop.   Lauren  seeing  Karen's
acceptance of her caress moved around and straddled Carl's face lowering
her pussy to  Carl's lips and  letting Carl suck  her sopping wet  cunt.
Carl could taste that  Brad and his stepmother  had been fucking but  he
was so turned on by the circumstances he went right to work on his mom's
pussy.  Brad was  stand next to  the fucking trio  and Karen and  Lauren
stroked his cock as they worked their pussies on Carl's cock and  mouth.
Lauren saw Brad getting hot and told him to fuck her asshole while  Carl
ate her pussy.  Brad was quick to get behind Lauren and he opened up her
ass cheeks exposing her pink puckered  anus.  Brad's cock was hard as  a
rock now and Lauren's  rectum was slick from  all the sperm he  had shot
into her  pussy while  they fucked  in his  mom's room.  Brad positioned
himself against Lauren's twitching ass and shoved his cock deep into his
step mothers asshole.   Lauren moaned loud  as Brad's stiff  prick drove
deep into her anus spreading her sphincter and filling her anal  channel
with his hot  throbbing penis.  Brad  couldn't believe the  tightness of
his mothers  asshole it  was even  tighter than  Karen's pussy which had
milked his cock dry only a few hours earlier.  Karen in the meantime had
already climaxed  on Carl's  big prick  and was  cumming again as Lauren
spurred on  by Brad's  cock going  up her  asshole was  pinching Karen's
nipple and frigging  her daughters clit.   Carl felt Karen's  cunt clamp
down on his dick again and he climaxed in his sisters spasm ridden pussy
filling her tight twat  with another load of  his creamy sperm as  Karen
convulsed on his  spurting cock.  Lauren  was climaxing from  Carl's hot
tongue work and  Brad's cock which  was spurting up  her asshole filling
her  butt  with  his  warm  slippery  sperm  as he reamed his step mom's
asshole while Lauren drained his cum up her rectum.

After a bit of rest Lauren told  the kids to got into her room  and wait
for her while she got something for them all to drink.  By the time  she
had returned  Karen had  sucked both  her brothers  to new erections and
they were licking her pussy and  sucking her small firm tits making  her
moan with passion.  Lauren stopped their fun long enough to so that they
could each ave a  glass of wine.  After  they had quenched their  thirst
Lauren spread Karen's legs and curled up beside her her face in her step
daughters  pussy  and  her  own  pussy  up next to Karen's mouth.  Karen
seeing  her  mom's  intention  lowered  her  head  and began to suck her
mothers slippery slit and Lauren  licked her clit and finger  fucked her
daughters  cunt  and  now  well  lubricated  anal pucker.  Carl and Brad
watched as this lusty mother daughter  team worked each other to a  lust
filled orgasm  and then  slowly licked  up the  juices from  each others
sopping slits.  Carl wanted to  fuck his mother and moved  around behind
her pressing his  stiff prick into  his step mother's  hot pussy.  Karen
licked Carl's stiff shaft  as it slid deep  into Lauren's hot wet  pussy
and slipped  her finger  up mom's  asshole to  further pleasure her mom.
Brad moved behind  his sister Karen  and his mom  Rubbed his stiff  dick
into her daughters cunt  and ass as she  licked Karen's stiff pink  clit
making Karen's hips buck with pleasure.  Brad forced his cock up Karen's
hot tight  pussy and  fucked his  sister while  watching Carl fuck their
mother.  The girls came quickly  from the combination of dicks  up their
pussies and each  others tongues lashing  each other's clits.   Brad and
Carl a bit  desensitized by all  the fucking they  had been doing  found
themselves unable to climax again  but enjoyed fucking their mother  and
sister none the less.  After  Karen and Lauren's climaxes Lauren  pulled
Brad's cock from her daughter's pussy and pressed his swollen cock  head
against Karen's twitching anus.  Karen call out for Brad to fuck her  up
the ass  and Brad  slowly sank  his stiff  prick up  his sisters  virgin
asshole making her moa and twitch  as his cock slowly forced its  way up
her tight rectum.  Lauren aided it passage by licking Brad's stiff shaft
as it slowly spread Karen's tight butt and slipped deep into her rectum.
Once Karen had Brad's cock fully imbedded in her tight pulsing butt  she
guided Carl's cock up her  mothers waiting asshole licking the  big vein
in  Carl's  cock  as  it  disappeared  up  her mothers tight pink rimmed
asshole.  The boys  took over and  fucked their mother  and sister until
each had cum two times and they had filled their butts with their  sweet
thick cum.  They were  all fully  satiated now  and all  layed back in a
tangle of arms and legs and slept together until late morning.

--
