Archive-name: Family/widow3.txt
Archive-author: Sharon Sutton (with help from Lisa Cortez)
Archive-title: Widow's Family, The - 3


CHAPTER 5

     After her shower Karen returned to her room and got into bed.  Although
it was now mid-morning, she was dead tired.  As she sank into dreamland, the
memories of the previous night kept recurring in her mind.  Almost
unconscious of the fact, her right hand slipped down between her legs as she
lay there.  She wondered.  If it was that good with Carol, how much better
would it be for real?  With a guy?  The thought had to rest for a while
though as she slowly drifted off to sleep.
     Downstairs, Lauren was standing at the kitchen window looking out at
the backyard.  She was startled as she suddenly felt two arms embrace her
from behind.
     "Good morning again," Carl whispered in her ear as he slid his hands
from her middle up to cover her breasts, one with each hand.
     Lauren left her head fall back a little to rest against Carls shoulder.
     "Good morning lover boy."
     With that, Lauren turned to face Carl and gazed into his eyes.  Was she
with Carl or his father?  The thought raced through her mind.  Holding him
tightly, she kissed him firmly.
     "What are you two doing!"  Suddenly the silence had been broken by
another male voice.  Startled, Lauren and Carl released their embrace and
turned to face Carl's younger brother Brad.
     "Nothing," Carl answered, "Nothing at all."
     "Sure didn't look that way to me," Brad replied with a slight snicker.
     Lauren had never liked Brad.  He had always been difficult and had
resented her marrying his father but since his father's death he had become
almost impossible.
     "Looked to me like you to were makin' it," Brad said, glaring at
Lauren.  "I guess it wasn't enough that you had to steal my dad, now you
have to get my brother too."
     "Shut up Brad."  Carl had a demanding tone in his voice.  "Shut up
before I give you something to be sorry about."
     "Yeah, right," Brad responded sarcastically.  "You two go ahead and
enjoy yourselves."  With that, Brad headed up the stairs.
     "I was afraid something was going to happen," Lauren said.
     "Nah, he's ok.  He's just mad at the world.  He'll be fine."
     Lauren turned back to the window and gazed out.

     Upstairs, as Brad walked down the hall towards his room he glanced at
his sister laying in her bed.  "Not bad," he thought as he stopped for a
second to survey the sleeping figure.  "Not bad at all."
     Brad headed to his room and locked his door behind him.  Digging to the
bottom of his bureau, he retrieved a stack of magazines.  Selecting an issue
of Hustler from the stack he lay back on the bed.
     Opening the magazine to a picture of blonde spread-eagle before the
camera, Brad undid his pants and pushed them halfway down his thighs.  As he
turned the pages to see the blonde opening herself he felt his cock grow
hard.  And, mysteriously, almost without being aware of it, he found himself
thinking of his sister.  He imagined her standing over him doing with her
hand what he was doing with his own.  In a few short minutes he felt himself
coming so he slid over to the side of the bed and rolled on his side to come
on the floor next to the bed.  He closed his eyes and remembered the sight
of the reclining Karen and wondered what it would be like with her.  With
that thought, he came.
     Brad lay on his side for a few moments staring at the white fluid
laying on the floor.  He thought back to Karen and wondered what would
happen if he were to just walk into her room and screw her.
     "Shit, they'd probably throw me in jail and throw away the key," he
thought to himself.
     He lay back over and wiped off his cock with the sheet.  Then he fell
asleep.

CHAPTER 6

     Karen opened her eyes to darkness.  "Must have slept longer than I had
thought," she said to herself.  Looking at the clock next to her bed, it
read 9:18.  "Wow, I've been asleep for over 9 hours.  No wonder, I didn't
get any sleep at all last night."
     Sliding out of bed she walked to her closet and got her robe.  "No use
getting dressed now, it'll be time to go to bed again in a few hours."
     As Karen opened the bedroom door wide, she heard a noise coming from
her mother's room.  Walking up to it, she held her ear close to the door.
The sounds coming from the room were unmistakable, they were the same she
used to hear coming from the room before her father died.  Her stepmother
had some guy in there.  Karen wondered, "I didn't even know she was seeing
anyone!"
     Turning the hall light out, Karen returned to her mothers door.  Slowly
and quietly, with curiosity overcoming her, she turned the door knob.
Letting the door open just a crack, Karen looked in.  In the light coming
from the window, she saw her stepmother kneeling over another figure.  Too
dark to see the face of the other person, the outline of her stepmother's
back was unmistakable.  They were making love, with her stepmother on top.
Slowly, the body on top gently moved up and down on the bottom person.
Karen could hear the sounds of sex as the figures moved.  She stood at the
door motionless.
     In front of her, her stepmother removed the cock from inside of her and
slid down the bottom body.  That person's face was still blocked by the
darkness and by her stepmother's body.
     Karen watched intently as her stepmother took hold of the guy's cock,
bent over it and gave it a light kiss.  Karen became aware of just how
turned on she herself had become and slowly let her own hand drop down
between her legs.
     Her stepmother kissed the cock once again and then slowly let it slip
between her lips.  A moan of pleasure escaped the guys lips and Karen felt
that she knew the voice.  Karen watched as the cock slowly disappeared into
her stepmother's mouth and then slowly reappeared.  Karen felt the dampness
between her own legs and allowed a finger to touch.  It was difficult
maintaining her silence.
     Her stepmother continued to let the cock slide in and out of her mouth,
pausing occasionally only to slowly lick beneath it.  As moments went on,
the guy began thrusting.  Slowly at first but then with more urgency.  Karen
watched as her stepmother moved faster and faster, seemingly needing the
cock to continue its motion.  Suddenly, she heard the guy moan.  The same
voice again....definitely someone she knew.  The guy jerked a few times and
she heard sounds from her stepmother.  Slurping, swallowing sounds.  The guy
grabbed her stepmother's head and held it tightly as he pushed his cock
deeply into her mouth.
     Karen felt as though she too might explode any moment so she quietly
slipped back and away from the door, closing it gently.  Moving quickly down
the hall, she stood in her own room by her door and watched intently down
the hall.  She had to find out who the guy was.  As she stood there, she
thought about her stepmother and what she had been doing.  She wondered if
she had really liked that, letting the guy come in her mouth and then
swallowing it.  At least it looked like she had swallowed it.  She wondered
what it tasted and smelled like.
     Her thoughts were interrupted as she saw the door to her stepmother's
room open and her stepmother walk out.  Naked, she was followed by another
naked figure, his cock still somewhat erect and glistening with what Karen
figured was her stepmother's saliva.  Karen looked up at the man's face and
felt faint as she recognized that face as Carl's.
     Karen stood there as the two moved quickly into the bathroom and she
remained still until she heard the water turn on in the bathtub.  She then
took off her robe and slid back into bed.

--
