Archive-name: Family/widow1.txt
Archive-author: Sharon Sutton (with help from Lisa Cortez)
Archive-title: Widow's Family, The - 1


CHAPTER 1

     Things had been tough for Lauren since the death of her
husband two years ago.  She had married young to a man
fifteen years her senior and now, at the ripe old age of
twenty-nine, had inherited two teenage stepsons and a teenage
stepdaughter.  Just what any man would want, she used to
think to herself.  Marry a widow with a ready made family.
     Oh, she had her share of dates since she went back to
active involvement.  There was the cute banker who literally
ran out of the house when he met the kids.  There was the
store owner who, though he at least stayed around for a few
drinks, had never bothered to call her again.  And there had
been others but the ending was always the same.  One date,
meet the kids, gone.  After nine or ten different guys,
Lauren about gave up on it all.
     Lauren used to sit and wonder exactly what had happened
to her.  She was a fine looking woman with long blonde hair
and bright blue eyes.  She had kept herself in great shape
through aerobic exercise and hard work.  Before she met her
late husband, she had never had any trouble at all.  Within
the span of six years though, Lauren had lost both parents
and her only brother in an auto accident and then lost her
husband in a freak hunting accident.  Married at 21 to a 37
year old widower, widowed herself at 27.
     There were times when Lauren thought seriously about
just taking off and leaving the kids.  Once she had even
packed and made plane reservations.  But, at the last minute,
she decided she couldn't.  The kids would have been well
taken care of by her brother in law so that wasn't the
problem.  It was simply that she had grown so attached to
them.
     Carl, the oldest, had just turned 17.  He had his
fathers features and there were times that Lauren felt that
she was actually looking at her late husband.  Carl had grown
up as a great kid, never gave her any trouble.  When he got
his first job last year he voluntarily had given her half of
his net pay as room and board payment.  He never complained
about having to help around the house and willingly did his
share.  Lauren was constantly amazed at his attitude.
     Brad was 15 going on 30 and was everything that Carl
wasn't.  Always in trouble in school Carl constantly seemed
to try to push Lauren to the limit.  But Lauren saw something
in Brad that most others would have missed.  Underneath that
hard exterior he put on was a kid who's heart was gold.  She
remembered the way he reacted to his fathers death.  He took
it harder than the other two kids and, even now, two years
later, Lauren would sometimes hear Brad crying in his room at
night.  She never let on that she new, of course.
     Karen was 14 and was about the cutest kid Lauren had
ever met, both in physical terms and in personality.  Karen
was only six when Lauren married into the family and she
immediately accepted Lauren in as mother.  Karen was tall
with a dark complexion.  She had blossomed early.  Lauren
remembered well sitting with her four years ago discussing
the "facts of life," which Karen took in with amazement.
Then, at age eleven, Karen experienced her first period.
Lauren ended up sitting up half the night holding Karen's
hand because the cramps hurt so much.
     No, Lauren couldn't leave.  These kids were as much hers
as if they had been born to her.  They were her family and
her life.  It was rough and would get rougher as time went on
but, she thought to herself, it was worth it.
     One of the hardest parts of being single again was a
lack of physical affection.  Lauren had been sexually active
since she was 15 and now it had been over two years since she
had slept with a man.
     During her six years of marriage, Lauren had always
remained faithful, actually for two reasons.  The first was
that she honestly and dearly loved her husband.  The second
was that he was the best lover she had ever had.  He always
seemed to know exactly what she wanted and how to please her.
Pleasing her was always more important than pleasing himself.
Many nights since the accident that took her husband away
from her, Lauren would lay in her bed and remember their
lovemaking sessions.  At times, caught up in the throws of
passion, Lauren would bring herself to deep orgasms and moan
loudly before coming back to the realization that her
stepchildren were asleep in adjoining rooms.
     Lauren made a commitment to herself though,  that, no
matter what happened, she would keep her family together.  If
it meant that she would never find another man, so be it.  If
it meant a remaining life of celibacy, then she would bear
up.  Nothing would separate them.
     Then, one warm summer evening an incident would happen
that would change Lauren's life, forever.


CHAPTER 2

     The incident took place on a Friday night in July.
Karen was spending the night at a friends home and Brad was
at a church camp for the weekend.  Carl had come home early
from a date and, after a little small talk with Lauren had
headed to bed.  Lauren sat up watching television for a while
before becoming bored and heading to bed herself.  As she
walked up the stairs, she saw a dim light coming from Carl's
room and as she got closer she noticed that his door was
cracked open just a bit.
     Not one to break in on her kid's privacy, Lauren
couldn't help but glance through the space between the door
and the wall.  Carl was laying on the bed, on his back, with
a Penthouse magazine held up in front of his face.  The
blankets were pushed down and, through his undershorts,
Lauren could see that Carl was built every bit as well as his
father had been.  As she quietly watched, she saw Carl reach
his hands down under his shorts and retrieve himself.  As he
pushed them down, his penis sprung to attention.  Still
reading, Carl began slowly stroking himself.
     Lauren unconsciously found herself running her left hand
over her breasts and felt her right hand slip to her crotch.
As she watched Carl she felt a burning inside and memories
came flashing back to her of her lovemaking sessions with
Carl's father.  She felt guilty about standing there watching
her stepson but could not pull herself away.  Carl continued
to rub himself and Lauren continued to watch.  Only a few
minutes went by before it became obvious that Carl was about
to explode.  Fingering herself through her jeans, Lauren felt
that she was about to do the same, doing everything in her
power to maintain silence.
     Suddenly Carl lay on his side and moaned lowly.  He
rubbed himself hard and began to come, spurting across the
sheets.  Lauren found herself unable to maintain her
composure any longer and shuddered with the first wave of
orgasm.  The silence broken, Carl jumped and pulled the
covers over himself.  Realizing what she had done, Lauren
quickly regained her posture and lightly knocked on the door.
The light pressure of her knock caused it to swing open.
     Laying on his back, Carl attempted to pull his legs up
to hide his still raging hard-on.  Lauren smiled and told him
that she just wanted to say goodnight before she turned in.
As she spoke, her eyes remained transfixed on the bulge under
the blankets.  Carl, following his stepmother's eyes, felt
himself both embarrassed and excited, not quite sure what to
do next.
     The two held silence for a few moments before Lauren
walked over and sat down on the bed next to Carl.
     "Carl, we've always been honest with each other hon, and
I have to tell you that I'm not proud of what I just did.  I
just watched what you did and I didn't leave you to your
privacy."
     Carl felt himself flush red.  "I'm sorry," he mumbled.
"I'm sorry."
     "Don't be sorry, hon.  It's OK.  There isn't anything to
be sorry about."
     Carl just sat there in silence.  Inside he was burning.
He was surprised to find that he was still rock hard,
normally he would have shrunk down by now.
     "Hon, what you were doing is fine with me.  It's normal
and natural.  What was wrong was me watching you.  I'm the
one who's sorry."
     With that Lauren took Carl's hand and squeezed it
lightly.
     "Really hon, I AM sorry.  I really didn't mean to
embarrass you.  It's just that you looked so nice laying
there.  I just couldn't leave for some reason."
     Again lightly squeezing his hand, Lauren leaned over and
lightly kissed Carl's forehead.  Carl shuddered as her lips
touched his skin.
     "It's OK," Lauren whispered.  Her mind was racing.  "
This is all wrong," she thought. "I shouldn't even be here,
not to mention doing what I'm doing."  But she stayed.
     Glancing into Carl's eyes Lauren could see a mixture of
fear, excitement, and confusion.  He was sweating profusely.
Again she reassured him.
     "It's OK, hon," Lauren whispered as she moved her kiss
to his lips.
     Carl lay frozen in place.  He had never felt so excited
and turned on and couldn't believe what was taking place.  He
had kissed girls before but wondered why they had never felt
this good.  He squeezed Lauren's hand as a response to her
reassurance.
     "Hon, have I ever told you how much you remind me of
your father?" Lauren whispered.  "I almost feel like I'm here
with him now.  We used to lay together for hours at a time
and just hold each other.  Would you mind if I just lay here
with you for a while?  It's been so long since I've held
anyone in my arms."
     Carl looked at his stepmother's eyes and saw longing.
Again he squeezed Lauren's hand and slid over to the opposite
side of the bed.
     Lauren hesitated a moment.  Again she wondered, "What am
I doing here."  She considered the consequences of what she
was doing but was beyond true logic.  She stood up and undid
the snap to her jeans, letting them fall to the floor.  Then
Lauren quickly lifted her t-shirt over her head and tossed it
across the room.
     Sliding under the sheets next to her stepson, Lauren lay
her head on his chest.  Carl was soaked in sweat and she
could plainly see the bulge that was evident under the
covers.  Pushing the blankets down, Lauren let her finger
slowly slide across one of Carl's nipples, bringing it to a
point.  Carl couldn't believe what it felt like.
     Slowly, Lauren reached up and let her lips meet Carl's.
Kissing him, she pressed her tongue through his lips and
deeply probed his mouth.  Carl let out a light moan.
     Again reassuring him, Lauren whispered, "It's OK.  Its
all OK."
     Carl wanted Lauren more than anything he had ever wanted
in his life but still, this was his stepmother.  In his mind,
she was his mom.  Still, she wasn't all that much older than
he was and she was the one making the moves on him.
     All thoughts were blanked out of his mind as he felt
Lauren's head start to slowly slide down his chest.  Her
tongue replaced the finger at his nipple.  He felt Lauren
lightly tug at him with her teeth.  He felt that he could
come at any moment.  Only a few moments progressed before he
felt Lauren's hand slowly slide down his stomach and caress
his cock.
     Lauren slid her body down and gazed at his swollen
member.  He was almost the same size as his father and had
the same aroma.  This was the first touch of a man she had
experienced in over two years and she was intent on drawing
it out.  Letting her lips slowly slide down the length of his
cock, past memories came flooding back to her.  The taste,
the texture, the smell.  They were all there as if her loving
husband was back with her.  Carl moaned as Lauren continued
to suck on him, moving her tongue around the head and then
taking all of him in.
     Expertly, Lauren could sense when Carl was on the brink
and would come up and away, squeezing the head of his cock to
reduce the swell and to calm him down.  She could feel pre-
orgasmic contractions as she held him in her mouth.
     Carl wanted to come, wanted a release.  He had made love
to a girl once before but it was over almost before it had
begun.  Nothing like this.  This happened only in books and
in Penthouse stories, not for real.  He found himself
stroking his mothers hair and lightly rubbing her back as she
leaned over him.
     Lauren lifted her head back to Carl's and again kissed
him lightly on the forehead.  She sat back on her knees and
reached behind her, unhooking her brassiere.  Her breasts
spilled forward as she let its straps slide slowly down her
arms.
     Taking Carl's hand, she raised it to her right breast
letting it rub against the nipple.  Always sensitive to the
touch, Lauren felt a shiver go through her body and let out a
light moan.  Carl sat up and took a nipple in his mouth,
letting his hand glide over to Lauren's other breast.  Lauren
felt that she might come right then.
     All anxiety seemed to disappear on both their parts.
Lauren closed her eyes and through her head back as Carl let
his hand slip down to her pantied crotch.  Lightly rubbing
his fingers between her legs, Carl found sopping wetness.
For Lauren, the feel of fingers other than the ones she had
known for the past two years was pure extasy.
     Looking into Carl's eyes, Lauren slowly let her hands
slip under the waistband of her only remaining garment.
Raising up to let them slide down her legs, Lauren came back
down straddling Carl.  She took both of his hands in her own
and raised up, feeling his cock standing at attention
underneath her.  With no effort at all, she came back down on
it, allowing it to fill her completely.
     Slowly, Lauren began to rock back and forth, letting
Carl slide in and out of her.  Every movement was extasy.
Again, memories of Carl's father came pouring back to her.
She felt the beginning tingling of orgasm.  Under her, Carl
amazingly held back as she continued to rock.  Lauren could
tell that time was running out though, as Carl's moans became
more and more urgent.
     Rolling over, Lauren took Carl with her.  Laying under
Carl, Lauren felt Carl penetrate her even deeper.  As his
cock made contact with her cervix, Lauren felt herself begin
to come.  As she began to buck under him, she felt Carl
driving into her faster and faster.  Feeling him starting to
come, she herself came even harder.  Reaching under him, she
held his balls as he shot into her.  Moaning loudly, Carl
spasmed again and again into her, finally collapsing on top
of her.
     Laying there, Lauren began to realize what had just
occurred and her mind raced with the consequences.  While
still burning from orgasm, she was quickly coming back to her
senses.
     "Oh my God," she thought.  "I've really screwed up this
time.  What am I going to say or do now."
     Laying on top of his stepmother, Carl was almost beyond
thought.  His mind was almost a total blank, all thought
driven out by the experience he just had.  He wanted to tell
Lauren that he loved her but felt too foolish to do so.
     The two of them lay against each other for a time.
Lauren could feel the beat of Carl's heart and the occasional
twinge of remaining orgasm come inside of her.  It had been
two years since she had last made love and she had almost
forgotten the feelings.  As she held Carl in her arms, she
felt somehow fearful and safe at the same time.
     Carl was the first to really move.  Slowly he pulled
what was left of himself out of her and lay down gently
beside her.  The silence was nearly deafening.
     "Carl."
     "Yes?"
     "I really can't believe what we just did.  I think we
both know that it wasn't right."
     Carl lay there in silence.
     "It's just that, well, it's been so long since your
father died and, well, you've really gotten to be an
attractive young man.  I guess I mean to say that I'm sorry
if I've scared you.  I really shouldn't have come in here in
the first place."
     Carl listened but somehow didn't hear.
     "Mom, I mean Lauren," Carl said, catching himself.  He
spoke slowly and deliberately.  "I love you.  I love you more
than anything on earth."
     With that, the two of them lay there in silence.  Lauren
lay her head on Carl's chest and listened to his heartbeat
and his breathing as she slowly dozed off to sleep.

--
