Archive-name: Family/widow2.txt
Archive-author: Sharon Sutton (with help from Lisa Cortez)
Archive-title: Widow's Family, The - 2


Chapter 3

     Lauren slowly came to as the first hint of sunlight
crept through the closed drapes.  Initially, there was some
confusion as she struggled to regain full consciousness.
Then the memories of the previous night came back to her.
She felt her arm laying over Carl's firm body as she pressed
against his back.  Still nude, the feeling of a warm body
against her again cause arousal to stir within her.  Lauren
lay there quietly for a few minutes listening to Carl's deep,
steady breathing.
     Lauren slowly let her hand slide down Carl's body until
it came to rest on his shrunken cock.  Still asleep, Carl's
body began to involuntarily respond and within a few moments
he was at full attention.  Lauren felt Carl's body tense as
he felt her hand on him.
     "Good morning lover," she whispered and gently squeezed
him.
     "Hi," was all Carl could muster in return.
     "How are you feeling?  From the looks of things, you
feel pretty good to me," Lauren giggled.  She felt Carl tense
up again as she let her free hand slip down his back and
slowly caress his ass.
     "I'm great," Carl whispered as he rolled over towards
her.
     Slowly, Carl raised himself over Lauren and slowly came
down between her legs.  Already moist, Lauren reached down
and guided him into her.  She felt the air rush out of her as
he slowly entered her.
     "Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm, slowly hon.  Slowly," she softly said.
Looking up at Carl's face, she saw his father over her.
Slowly, Lauren raised her legs over Carl's back and locked
them behind him, allowing Carl even deeper penetration.
Unlike the previous night, there was no rush, no hurry.
While Carl was still obviously a novice, he also somehow
innately knew what rhythm to maintain as he slid in and out
of his stepmother.
     The two made love, true love, for what seemed to Carl to
be hours.  Lauren felt him beginning to tense and sensed an
oncoming orgasm on his part.  While she was far from that
point, she felt warm all over much as she had many times
before with Carl's father.  Carl moved faster and faster
until he suddenly grunted and she felt him spasm deep within
her.  She gripped his shoulders and bit him lightly.
     Carl collapsed on her as he had the night before, still
buried inside of her.
     "I love you," he whispered in her ear.
     "I love you too, hon.  You know that," Lauren quietly
said.  "But we have to get up.  Your sister will be home soon
and we really don't need her to see us like this, do we?"
     The thought of Karen coming in and seeing him and Lauren
laying there entwined hadn't occurred to Carl.  Silently
agreeing, he kissed Lauren on the lips and withdrew from her,
going to his knees.
     Both quietly got up from the bed and embraced once
again.  As Lauren stepped back she saw Carl gazing at her
body and suddenly realized that this was the first time he
had seen her nude in the daylight.  With this she blushed and
quickly gathered her clothes and walked out of his room.
     Carl stood still for a few moments before gathering his
thoughts and heading to the shower.  Stepping into the
steaming hot tub, Carl's thoughts ran back to the night
before and this morning.  It all seemed like a dream.  He had
never even dreamed of what had taken place.  Now he wondered
to himself what the future would bring.  He wondered if all
of it had been a one time deal.  Just thinking about it all
brought his member back to full attention.  As he stood there
letting the hot water stream off of his body he heard a
familiar voice in the hall telling him to hurry up and get
done in there.


Chapter 4

     Karen's timing had been perfect.  She arrived home just
as Carl was stepping into the shower.  Having stayed up at
her girlfriends the night before, she was dead tired and
simply wanted to take a shower herself and head to bed for a
nap.  Now, as she waited outside the bathroom, she was slowly
nodding off while on her feet.  The sound of the bathroom
door swinging open brought her suddenly back to her senses.
     Carl walked out the door and smiled at her.  Karen
blushed at his glance.  Clad only in a towel, Carl stood in
front of her for a second before asking how the night had
gone.
     "Great," she replied.  "Only I'm really beat, we didn't
get hardly any sleep at all."  Karen's eyes kept darting down
Carl's body to that slight bulge hiding underneat his towel.
Carl couldn't help but notice and smiled slightly.  He was
kind of enjoying this.
     "What all did you do," he asked her, simply to prolong
the conversation.
     "Nothing much.  We just talked and watched some movies
and played some games and all."
     "Oh, right.  You talked about boys, watched some dirty
movies and then invited the boys over for some late night
games, right."
     Karen pushed her brother back against the wall and
walked past him in mock anger.  She couldn't ever be really
mad at him.
     Carl stood and watched his sister walk by.  As he did he
realized just how she had grown up the last six months or so.
It seemed just yesterday that she was 100% tomboy an always
dressed like one.  Now, as she paraded past him, she had
grown into a young woman.  Still girlish in features, she
nonetheless had developed what Carl considered to be a tight
body.  Her breasts were developing niceley, Carl thought and,
almost unconsciously, he pictured himself at them.  His eyes
quickly darted down to her jeans and he wondered just when
she ad developed that ass.  He suddenly became aware of
his thoughts and quickly tried to push them out of his mind.
     Karen turned to close the door behind her and was
surprised to see her older brother standing there gazing at
her.  As her eyes again dropped down to Carl's towel, she was
more than surprised to see that the slight bulge had grown to
be a large bump.  Turning red, she quickly closed the door.
     Walking across the room, Karen turned on the shower and
began to undress.  The thought of that bulge was still on her
mind as she stripped and looked at herself in the mirror.
     "No doubt about it, I have to lose more weight," she
thought to herself as she turned sideways to look at a
profile of her stomach.  Actually, Karen liked her body, at
least most of it.  Her breasts were a little on the small
side still but they at least were pretty even, unlike some of
her girlfriends.  The nipples were small but very dark and
almost perfectly round.  As her eyes dropped down, she
glanced at the light mound of hair between her legs and
slowly brushed herself there with her hand.
     "Not bad," she thought to herself.
     Last night HAD been a tough night.  Carl was closer to
right than wrong when he had said they had talked about boys
and then watched dirty movies.  Her friends parents were out
and she and her girlfriend, Carol, had sat and talked about
boys for a while.  Then Carol got up and got some videotapes
that she said were her fathers.  Putting the tapes into the
VCR Carol announced that they were X-rated and that they had
to be sure to listen for her parents car coming into the
drive.
     The beginning of the movie was pretty boring, Karen
thought, and the acting was horrible.  Then suddenly, there
was this guy and girl kissing.  After a second or two, the
girl pulled down the guys pants and took his cock into her
mouth.  All of the girls there had heard of blowjobs but they
all sat entranced by what they were viewing.
     "Gross." Carol suddenly split the silence. "I can't
     believe she's doing that."
     "Yuch.  Neither can I." Karen had joined in vocalizing
her disgust but neither of the girls moved to turn off the
machine.
     The oral sex scene continued for a few minutes before
the girl on the screen stood up and the two of them kissed
for a second.  The girl got undressed and lay down on the
floor, the guy getting down on top of her.  The guy starting
sucking at the girl's breasts while moving his fingers down
between her legs.  It only took a couple of seconds before
the guy had slid down and had his head positioned where his
fingers had just been.
     As the camera focused in on a close up of the guy's
tongue going at it, Karen and her friend once again expressed
disgust but continued watching.  Karen found that she was
getting very turned on in spite of herself.  She knew as much
about sex as any other fourteen year old and had heard of
things such as blowjobs but sat a bit in amazement at the
goings on.
     After a few minutes the guy positioned himself above the
girl and quickly guided his cock into her.  The next few
minutes were typical porno movie stuff with the guy
positioning himself all around the girl, top, bottom, back,
etc.  Karen and her friend sat, riveted to the screen.
     Then, at what appeared to be the height of the movie,
the guy withdrew from the girl and moved in front of her.
With that, the girl took the guys cock in her mouth and
resumed the blowjob she had started earlier.  It only took a
few moments before Karen was seeing the guy coming in and
around the girls mouth.  The whole idea was, at one time,
both disgusting and exciting.  Karen watched with amazement
as the girl licked her lips clean afterwards.
     The next scene in the movie was an immediate cut of a
cute blonde laying nude on a bed with her fingers between her
legs.  She was obviously enjoying herself immensely.  The
film's closeup shots gave pretty good instructions on exactly
what she was doing.
     Suddenly, Carol blurted out, "Have you ever done
anything like that before?"
     Somewhat shocked, Karen answered that she hadn't.
     "Well, it is really great.  You should try it," was
Carol's immediate response.
     The whole idea had Karen's head spinning.  She was
feeling as tense as she had ever felt before in her life.
This was even worse than the one time she had let a boy play
with her chest through her shirt.  That felt great and really
messed up her mind but this was incredible.  She felt like
she might burst.
     "Have you ever done that?"
     "Sure, I do it a lot.  I can't believe you haven't
ever!"
     "Who showed you?  I mean, how did you find out?"
     The blonde in the movie had been joined by another
blonde who progressed to give the first girl a helping hand.
And then a helping mouth.
     "What do you mean, showed me?  Haven't you ever touched
yourself down there?  I mean, it all just kind of happened.
Then when I saw this movie before it all made sense.  I
really had first thought that maybe I had discovered
something new!"
     Karen sat there just staring at her girlfriend.  She
couldn't believe that Carol actually did THAT.
     "Have you ever done anything else?" Karen asked her
friend.
     "You mean like going all the way or something?  No, I
haven't.  But I let a boy play with me down there once and I
helped him do it in my hand before."
     Suddenly Karen felt very young.  She halfway didn't
believe Carol but wasn't about to push it.  She wished she
had when Carol asked her if she wanted to go do it right now.
     "What do you mean?  Do it right now," Karen demanded.
     "You know......masturbate.  Just like we've been talking
about."
     "You mean, now?  Here?"
     "Well not here, silly.  We'll go to my room and put on
our pajamas.  That way when my mom and dad get home they'll
think we're already in bed."
     Karen thought for a second.  The thought scared her to
death.  She had, again, known about masturbation but had
never actually done it.  Still, a confident "sure" escaped
from her lips.
     Carol smiled and got up from the couch.  After putting
the VCR tape away, (the scene had expanded on the screen from
the two blondes to them and a guy), Carol walked over to
Karen and smiled.  She took Karen's hand and the two of them
walked to the bedroom.
     Karen felt she was in a dream sequence as she entered
Carol's bedroom.  Still holding Karen's hand, Carol quickly
closed and locked the door behind them and then turned to
face Karen.  Smiling, she slowly unbuttoned Karen's blouse
and softly tugged it up from her jeans.  Karen felt gentle
hands unclasping the hook on the front of her bra and felt
the cool air as her breasts were exposed.  Her skin burned
hot as she blushed deeply.
     Carol again took Karen's hand and led her to the bed.
With a soft urging from Carol, Karen slowly sat on the
mattress.  With that Carl backed off and slowly undressed.
Karen sat staring at the young girl in front of her, not sure
exactly how to react.  As Carol stripped away the layers of
clothing, first her jeans then her t-shirt, Karen felt
herself blushing once again.  Then, in another instant, Carol
was standing naked in front of her.  Karen and Carol had
known each other for years and had often showered together in
phys. ed., but never had Karen felt what she now felt.
     Karen lay back as Carol reached to remove her jeans.
Both jeans and underwear came off in one motion and Karen lay
there naked.  Carol lay down next to her and softly stroke
her hair.
     "Are you OK?" Karen heard her ask.
     "Uh huh," was the only sound she could utter.  Karen
realized with that voice just how much like a little girl she
sounded.
     "This is your first time, isn't it," Carol questioned.
     "I guess."
     "You guess?"
     "I mean, yeah, it is."
     "You know Melissa Turner?"
     "Yeah."  Karen realized they was speaking in such hushed
tones that she could barely even hear the girl laying next to
her.
     "Well, she and I do this all the time."
     "Really?"
     "Uh-huh."
     With that, Carol rolled over and lightly kissed Karen's
forehead.  Karen felt a chill down her spine.  She had kissed
a couple boys and had even let one boy put his hand down her
pants but this was different.  She never felt quite so turned
on.
     Karen felt Carol's hand slowly slide over her body,
feeling her breasts and her erect nipples.  Now kissing her
deeply on the lips, Carol let her hand slide down between
Karen's legs as she let her tongue slide into Karen's mouth.
Karen felt herself let out a slight moan, in spite of
herself.
     "That feels good, doesn't it?" Carol asked.
     "Mmmmmmmmmmm," was the only response Karen could muster.
     Karen felt Carol's head slide down until her mouth was
Karen's breast.  Carol's lips slowly encircled a nipple,
tickling it with her tongue.  Karen relaxed her legs and let
Carol's hand slide deeper between them.  She felt Carol
slowly and gently start to massage her from anus to clitoris.
She felt beads of sweat break out on her body and the room
begin to spin.
     Softly moaning, she closed her eyes and let Carol's hand
give her pleasure.  Nearly lost in a dream, she suddenly
realized that Carol's head was replacing the hand that
stroked her.  Karen shuddered as Carol's tongue came in it's
first contact with her clit.  She felt that she might explode
and involuntarily began rocking up and back.  Karen grasped
Carol's head and held it firmly in place as the room spun
faster and faster.  Suddenly she felt a spasm develop deep
inside and the whole world exploded in pleasure.  Spasms
erupted from her anus to her stomach and she moaned deeply.
Carol stayed with her as she bucked back and forth in both
pain and delight.  Then, slowly, she began to regain herself
and she felt Carol begin to slide back up her body.
     Slowly again, Carol kissed her lips and Karen tasted
something foreign to her.
     "Did you like that?" Carol whispered.
     "Mmmmmmmmmmm."
     "I can't believe you've never done it before.  Melissa
and I have been doing it for long time."
     "Really?"
     "Yeah.  I do it to myself almost every night."
     With that, Karen felt Carol roll away and again take her
hand.  Karen felt her hand being slowly guided down between
Carol's legs and a cool wetness there.
     "There, just start there," Carol whispered as she gently
rubbed Karen's hand.  "Just start there."
     Karen slowly started to massage Carol as Carol had done
to her just moments before.  It was an odd feeling as she
felt Carol moan under her touch.  Gaining confidence Karen
slowly slid down and lay her head on Carol's thigh only
inches away from her own hand.  As she gazed on, Carol became
wetter and wetter and Karen saw Carol slowly open up for her.
It was more beautiful than Karen had ever possibly thought.
Hesitantly, Karen inched up and let her tongue touch a little
bud of skin laying between folds of flesh.  She assumed that
this was Carol's clit.  The memory of the sensation that she
had tasted on Carol's lips was much stronger here and much
more aromatic.  Karen breathed it deeply in and let her
tongue begin to explore Carol's depths.  She felt herself
enjoying it all imensely as she realized that Carol was close
to orgasm.
     With a sudden explosion, Karen felt Carol tense in every
muscle and tasted a sudden flood of fluid.  Not wanting to
stop, Karen kept in place until she felt Carol pulling her
away.  Karen quickly moved up and kissed her deeply on the
lips.
     "You were great," Carol whispered.
     "Mmmmmmmmmmmmmm," was again the only response Karen
muster.

     Karen was shocked back into reality as she heard the
bang at the bathroom door.  She realized that she had been
daydreaming about the night before and that her hand was
soaked from being between her legs.
     "Hurry up in there," she heard her brother yell through
the door.
     "Alright, alright," she yelled back.  And slowly stepped
into the shower.

--
