Copyright © 1997, Big Daddy,     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.




by:  Big Daddy

My Wife and Brother

A SUPER fast starter. I particularly like cheating wife stories especially
when the woman is blatantly being a slut. This story is a prime example of
that.

	There was my wife, just like my brother said.  She was half naked on the
floor, her right breast hanging out of her loose fitting bra.  My brother's
fat cock in her hand, my wife gently licked the head of it while her
fingers played along his big balls.  His best friend Steve was between my
wife's legs, eating her pussy while he held her panties to one side.
	"I could fuck your wife anytime I wanted," he had told me.  
	"No," I insisted.  "If it was one thing my wife was, it was faithful. 
She'd never cheat on me."
	"Oh ya," my pigheaded brother insisted.  "How much you want to bet.
	Why I let my brother talk me into betting him $100 bucks my wife wouldn't
sleep with him I'll never know, but there I was, sneaking up my own
driveway to take a peak at what was going on inside.
	My wife put her leg up over Steve's shoulder so he could get a better
angle on her hot pussy and wiggled further down my brother's body so she
could get her mouth around his cock.  I watched in painful agony as my wife
stuffed her beautiful mouth with another man's cock.  A cock that was
nearly twice the size of mine in both length and width.  I wondered if my
brother would dare to actually fuck her when he knew I was watching, but
then again, it was a bet and the bet was on that.  
	I didn't need to watch anymore.  My brother had already long proved his
point.  Still, I found myself staring, watching my wife eagerly give my
brother head as the man between her legs licked her pussy and got it ready
for him.
	I saw my brother look over at the window at me and smile just before he
said something.  Steve quickly got out from under my wife's leg as she took
her mouth off my brother's fat pole and turned around to face him.
	By brother turned his body laying in such an angle that my wife had to
turn her back to me to get on top of him.  I watched with a sickened
stomach as my wife stood over my brother now and slowly pulled down her
panties, wiggling her cute little hips sexily as she tugged them down to
her ankles.
	She was going to do it.  My wife was going to fuck him and there was no
stopping her.  I could of course storm in and catch her in the act.  I
could have turned and went back to work, knowing what was happening in my
very own livingroom.  I could have got the gun out of my car and killed
them all.  But I didn't do any of these.  Instead I watched as my wife
kicked off her panties and placed her feet on either side of my brother's
body.
	Again I felt ill as I watched my wife bend her knees, put her hands on my
brother's hairy chest and reach between her legs to grab his fat pole.  I
stared mesmerized as my wife took my brother's hand and made him hold open
her hot tight pussy as she guided his big cock into it.
	My wife pushed herself down onto my brother's cock forcing it up inside
her as she let go of it's base and put her hands once again on his chest. 
I watched my brother's thick shaft plow through my wife's pussy like a
freight train, wreaking havoc along the way.
	My wife tilted her head to the ceiling, apparently gasping for air as she
crammed the last few inches of the behemoth cock inside her.  I saw her
resting there, her tight pussy stretched to the max. around the shaft
inside her.
	Steve stood up and began unzipping his pants as my wife slowly rocked back
and forth on my brother's shaft.  It was as if I could almost feel my wife
being stretched out by that bastards cock as she wiggled her hips back and
forth getting more comfortable each time she rocked back.  I watched my
wife move her hips forward more now, making my brother's cock slide out of
her a few inches before she rocked back on it and sank herself to his
balls.  I could see a thin trickle of yellow/white cum running down my
brother's cock from inside my wife.
	That bastard had only been inside her for maybe 60 seconds and she was
already cumming.
	Steve hurriedly unzipped his pants and pulled out a sizable cock himself,
though not as big as my brother's and promptly put it in my wife's mouth.
	I watched my wife swallow Steve's cock, still bigger than my own, like a
hungry wolf as she rocked back and forth on my brother's monstrous shaft. 
My wife was still cumming I noticed as more and more of her creamy cum ran
down my brother's balls.  I had never seen my wife cum so much, not even
when I ate her pussy like I usually had to get her to cum.
	Steve was pumping his cock in and out of my wife's mouth like mad as he
held her head still.  I could see by the look of concentration on my wife's
face that she was trying to make him cum.  My wife was moving her hips up
and down on my brother now making 7 or 8 of his 10 inches piston inside her
like a jackhammer.  She was trying to make both men cum at the same time.
	As I watched my wife's stuffed pussy leak her pretty thick cum she tore
off her bra and grabbed my brother's hands.  My wife made my brother grab
her firm breasts as she bounced on his huge cock and sucked off his best
friend.
	Steve was getting close as I could see his face contorting in pleasure. 
Next thing I knew Steve pulled his big cock out of my wife's face,
squirting thick white cum all over her mouth and neck.  My wife eagerly
opened her mouth to catch his jutting sperm on her tongue.
	About then my brother reached behind my wife's ass and pulled his cock out
of her just as his own thick cum erupted up her back side.
	Cum shot up my wife's back all the way between her shoulder blades. 
Quicky my wife lifted her ass and grabbed my brothers cock from between her
legs.  She carefully aimed it up at her own pussy and I watched my
brother's semen squirt up into my wife's well fucked pussy and pour back
onto his on stomach.  My wife vigorously jerked my brother's cock,
squirting his cum all over her tight pussy until the last of it dribbled
down over her fingers.  Standing up my wife stuck her hand in her mouth and
sucked my brother's cum from her fingers.  Thick cum clung to my wife's
well fucked pussy like fresh dew on a rose petal.
	Then in an act that took me entirely by surprise my wife turned toward me
and waved cutely at me.  I was stunned to say the least but the game was
over.  There was no need to hide any longer.  Reluctantly I opened the
front door and came inside.
	"Hi honey," my wife said tauntingly as my brother's cum still dripped from
between her legs.
	"How long has this been going on?" I asked numbed by all I had seen.
	"Oh you mean how long have I been fucking your brother?" she asked coldly
as she swiped at a string of cum on her chin and licked it off her finger,
"Oh, about a year now."
	My brother smiled up at me then shrugged, "I guess I win the bet?"
	"Why?" I asked.  I was not angry, but sick.
	"Why?" my wife laughed.  "Well quite frankly because he has a cock woman
only dream of."
	I felt weak in the knees and had to sit down.  "I don't understand," I
said.
	"It's pretty simple actually," My wife said as she sat on the floor next
to my brother and I watched him put his arm around her like she belonged to
him.  Under the circumstances I guess he did.  "You're brother got me drunk
one night and I asked him who had the bigger dick, you or him.  So he
showed me.   And he's been showing me ever since."
	"When?" I asked confused.  
	"Last New Years," my wife admitted.  "You were sleeping in the bedroom.  I
gave him head for about an hour then I fucked him till 5 in the morning. 
I'm surprised you didn't hear us.  I even came in naked once to use the
bathroom before I went back out to him."
	"I can't believe it," I groaned.  "All this time."
	"You even ate my pussy that morning when his cum was still in me," my wife
laughed.  "Did it taste good?"










--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....