--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 A Favorite Fantasy

Well, this is it! I finally convinced Sue that a threesome would be fun &
exciting! We decided to go out of town and find a good night spot, close to a
hotel, with a young crowd.

We found a hotel with a great sounding night club about 100 miles from home
and checked in. After we got into our room, Sue started getting ready for the
evening. She put on her black garter and panties set, a knee length skirt with
a slit up one side, a tight fitting sweater, no bra and a pair of spiked
heels. She looked great!!

We headed down to the club, and I couldn't help feel a sense of pride and
excitment at the looks she was getting from guys we passed on the way. After
we found a table and got some drinks, we started looking around the room for a
likely person to share our fantasy with. Sue spotted a good looking guy,
sitting alone at the bar, and asked what I thought of him. I said he looked
ok, and asked her if she wanted me to invite him over to our table. She said,
very nervously, OK. I went over and introduced myself, and said my wife wanted
to dance, but I had hurt my back and she wondered if he would like to dance.
He said sure, he'd love to.

He came over to the table with me, introduced himself and asked her if she'd
like to dance. I gave her a reassuring wink, and she said she'd love to! As I
watched them head for the dance floor, I noticed Denny eyeing my wife's fine
figure and all the leg she was showing through the slit in her skirt. The
first dance was a fast one, and Sue was really starting to enjoy herself. Her
firm breasts were swinging and bouncing, and every once in awhile, you could
catch a glance of garter as her skirt swung around. The next dance was a slow
one, and Denny had her held very close. As they danced longer, he started
massaging her lower back and working his hands down over her ass. By now I was
really getting excited and from the look on Sue's face, she was really
enjoying it too!!

When the dance finally ended, they both came back to the table, and Sue asked
Denny to sit with us. He said great!, and sat ond one side of her, while I sat
on the other. We had sat there for awhile, making small talk, when I noticed
Denny's hand was under the table and Sue was having trouble keeping up her
part of the conversation. I caught her eye questionably, and she just smiled
and winked!! With that, I suggested we all get another drink and go up to our
room. When we got there, Sue excused herself to the powder room, and Denny and
I talked. I explained to him we had never done anything like this before, and
that Sue was going to want to take this slowly. He said fine, he knew just how
to handle it.

When Sue returned, Denny and I were sitting in chairs and she went over and
sat on the bed facing us. You could tell by the look on her face, she was very
nervous!! I gave her a reassuring wink and told her Denny and I had talked and
he would take good care of her. She started to relax a little and crossed her
legs, showing alot of great looking leg.

Denny said, 'why don't we get things started, why don't you take the skirt
off, Sue?'. Sue, starting to get into the swing of this said, ' I'd rather you
hold me and give me some TLC first'! With this, they both got up, and Denny
put his arms around Sue's waist and started gently rubbing. I came over and
kissed her, told her I loved her, and everything was going to be OK. Sue then
put her arms around Denny's neck, snuggled in close and told him she loves
back rubs. Denny started moving his hands lower, slowly rubbing the cheeks of
her ass. He then reached around and undid her skirt, letting it fall to the
floor. Sue undid and removed his shirt. He then pulled her sweater over her
head, allowing her breasts to swing free. She moved in close, pressing her
breasts into his chest and rubbing his back. He says 'mmmmm, that feels good.
She starts running her fingersDover his chest, playing with his nipples and he
kisses her neck.

'Mmmmmmmmmmmm', says Sue. He flicks his toungue softly on her earlobe, and
reaches down for her soft ass, squeezing gently. She responds by moving her
hands shyly over his ass.

He says, 'how about some help with these pants'? She says, nervously, 'have
patience'. After some more rubbing and squeezing, she shyly and slowly unzips
his pants. He is running his hands down inside her panties and squeezing her
cheeks. She pushes his pants down as he brings a hand up and over a breast.
They begin french kissing while he gently massages her tits. She takes his
head and lowers it over a breast. He takes the nipple in his mouth and sucks
softly. Sue begins to moan lowly and arching toward him. He moves over to the
other tit and begins to softly nibble on it. Sue moves her hands down his legs
as he licks and sucks the valley between her breasts.

Denny starts kissing lower and lower, licking and sucking as he moves closer
to her waist. Dropping to his knees, he pulls her panties down. Sue lays back
on the bed, as he begins to kiss her thigh. I finally can't stand it any more,
and removing my clothes, I move over to suck on a breast. Denny looks up and
smiles, saying' Ah, we think alike!' Sue is moaning lowly now, as Denny
continues to lick and kiss her thighs, moving closer to her crotch. He buries
his face into her mound and licks slowly, back and forth, up and down. 'Mmmmm,
good', he says. Sue spreads her legs wider and arches up, to allow him greater
access to her clit. He licks and suck on her clit untill she begins to buck
wildly, having the first of many orgasms!! 'Faster and harder', she tells him.
'Ohhhh, that's great!!', she says, as she begins to come back down. Denny then
moves up and sits over her face, with his cock hanging right over her face. I
move down to take over where Denny was. As I begin sucking and licking her
clit, I hear Denny say, 'Mmmmm, suck me!'. I look up and see my wife sucking
on his cock! Sliding it in and out, and swirling her tongue around it, like
she does for me. Denny is moaning loudly, and reaches down to massage her
breasts. 'Don't stop now!!', he screams, 'I'm getting real hot'!

I move up between her legs to stick my cock into her hot, wet and tight cunt!
Sue is going wild now, trying to arch her cunt up to meet me, and at the same
time sucking Denny wildly!! I can tell she is really getting turned on by all
this attention, because she almost bucks me off!!

Denny takes her hand and places it on his cock, so she can pump him at the
same time. She reaches around and squeezes his ass while still sucking and
pumping him. 'Oh Yes!!', he says, 'make me cum!' I give a final push and
exploded inside her, filling her with my hot sperm!!! She is bucking against
me wildly, having another massive orgasm!! I slide off and sit back, exhausted
to watch her finish Denny off. 'C'mon, make me explode in your mouth!, that's
it, blow me!!, he cries. She takes a finger and sticks it up his asshole,
while bucking wildly against him!. 'Feels sooo good', he says. 'Cum in me!!',
she screams, and continues to suck even harder and faster!! Denny is now
moaning loadly and bucking against her! 'Getting closer', he cries! Sue gently
squeezes his balls, while still playing with his asshole. 'I'm cumming!!! he
screams! Sue sucking harder gets every drop that comes out!! Licking him
clean, we all collapse onto the bed, totaly exhausted!!!

I lean over to my wife, smile, kiss her deeply and tell her, 'I told you this
would be great'!! All she can do is smile back and say 'I love you too'!

----- END -----

