"My Wife, the Porn Star" By Craver

     It all started when I bought the camcorder.  Toni
was so excited the first night we used it to record our
performance in bed she came three times.  We did
everything in front of that camera.  Had the thing
hooked up to the TV, too, sitting on a tripod, so we
could see what we were doing right on screen while
we were doing it.  What a kick that was, to see my
wife sucking my cock, on the TV, and feel it at the
same time.  When I came all over her face she got so
hot just from watching herself getting jizzed on
television, she blew a wad herself, drenching her
thighs with wet coozy cunt cum.  She was so juicy
she actually made a little white puddle of cum right
there in the bed between her legs.
     She begged me to go down on her and eat it,
and I did it, too.  Made me so fucking hot I got hard
again.  This time I fucked her from behind, so she
could stare right into the TV while we got it on.  I
made her play with her clit, and she kept coming and
coming until I told her I was ready to blast off again. 
She turned her head half way toward me, still able to
see the TV, and made me come all over her fucking
face again, laying my shooting cock right on her
tongue, watching on TV while my spurting dick
coated her tongue with white goo.  When I was
finished coming, she turned to the camera, making
sure it captured her tongue with the puddle of come
on it.  Then, with an evil grin, she swallowed, real
slow.
     Afterward, we ran the tape again a few times,
jerking off slowly while we watched it.  I was through
for the night, and finally fell asleep, but Toni kept
watching and masturbating, watching and
masturbating, coming over and over again.  She can
do that when she gets totally hot, and believe you me,
she was on fire that night.  
     In the morning I asked her how many times she
came the night before, and she said she couldn't even
count that high.  I kissed her, told her to enjoy herself,
then left for the office.  I've got one of those lousy,
boring clerical jobs in an insurance company where
I'll never make any real money, but won't get fired
either.  I put in my time, make my $38,000 a year,
and live for the nights and weekends.  And Toni.  I
live for Toni.  She makes it all worth while.  How I got
her beats me, but I guess it had to be my big dick and
my willingness to experiment with any fucking sexual
deviation she wants to try, bar none.  Filming us
fucking is a typical example of the kind of thing that
turns Toni on.  I was sitting at my desk, and just
daydreaming about her was making my dick hard, so
with a sigh, I went back to work, wondering what
Toni would have planned for us to do that evening.
     When I got home, I called out to Toni, and she
came into the kitchen wearing the sexiest fucking
negligee I've seen in years.  She said it just arrived
that day.  Said she'd sent for it from one of those mail
order houses weeks ago.  Asked me if it was okay. 
Ha!  What would YOU say if your wife had tits as
large as melons, a waist as flat as a pool table, long
black hair, blue eyes, a great ass, legs that go from the
floor to the ceiling, sucked your cock whenever you
wanted, and was standing in front of you in a porn
star's negligee looking like the biggest fucking sex
goddess of all time?  I told her of course I didn't mind. 
That as far as I was concerned, anything she did was
fine with me, as long as she kept sucking my dick and
giving me her pussy.
     "Do you really mean it, Donny?  Anything I
want to do would be okay with you?" she asked,
tentatively.
     "I said it, didn't I?" I answered.  "As long as you
keep acting like my own private slut, whatever else
you do is okay by me, babe."
     "I did something naughty today," Toni said. 
"With Jill.  And her girlfriend Kelly.  I showed them
our tape."
     I felt my cock harden.  She could only mean
one tape, and I was surprised and excited she'd
shown it to them, especially Kelly.  I took off my tie,
walked to the fridge, and popped a cold brew.
     "What'd they say about it?" I asked, sitting in a
chair next to the kitchen table, my legs spread out in
front of me, my hard-on clearly evident.  Toni looked
at it, and I knew it would make her hot.
     "They loved it," she breathed, walking, or rather,
swaying over to me, kneeling in front of me, stroking
my cock.  "They especially loved this.  They told me
how lucky I was to have a cock like this to play with."
     "Did you say Kelly saw the tape too?" I asked,
my cock really getting hard now.  Jill, our next door
neighbor, is young, beautiful, and divorced, but her
girlfriend Kelly just turned 18, and she's a real cock
teaser.  Pouty lips, nice firm tits, cute ass... the kind of
girl any man would love to fuck.
     "Yeah.  Kelly.  Boy did the tape make HER hot. 
In fact, darling, if you'd like to see just how hot, come
to the bedroom with me," Toni said, a wicked grin on
her face, as she turned and walked out of the kitchen
toward our bedroom.
     When we got there, Toni told me to strip, and to
get in bed with her.  She hit the remote control,
turning on the TV and VCR, then went down on me
and started sucking my dick, slowly, teasing, not
trying to get me to come or anything.  Just getting me
more turned on.  She didn't have to try very hard. 
The video alone was doing that.  Right there on
screen, my wife and these two gorgeous beauties
were all naked, in our bed, and they were sucking
each other, forming a "daisy chain" circle, with Toni's
mouth buried in sweet young Kelly's cunt, while Kelly
ate Jill and Jill ate Toni.
     "Hmmm, baby, their pussies tasted so good,"
Toni moaned, half watching the TV, half watching my
cock growing larger.  "They got so hot, baby.  We had
such a good time.  Do you care?  Are you jealous,
lover?  Was it okay to show them the tape, and do
that?" Toni said, nodding her head toward the TV.
     I told her I loved it, and that I would give
anything to have seen it in person.
     "You can, if you want," Toni smiled.  "I told
them you wouldn't care if we all partied together.  I'll
even let you fuck them if you want, baby.  That would
make me so wet, seeing you fucking Jill, and Kelly. 
Want to?"
     What do you think I told her.  Of fucking course
I wanted to.  The next thing I knew, Toni called them,
and within maybe ten minutes Jill and Kelly were
walking into our house.  I was still naked, and Toni
was dressed in the sexy negligee.
     "Well, girls, here he is.  Isn't his cock beautiful? 
I told you you'd like it," my wife bragged, holding my
dick, pointing it at the two babes.
     "Hmmm.  I can't wait to taste it," Jill moaned.
     "Yeah.  It'll be nice to get fucked by a real man
for a change instead of all those dumb jocks who
come the minute their dicks touch my pussy," Kelly
breathed, squeezing her tits.  She was wearing a
small, and I mean small, half tank top of some kind,
which exposed the bottom half of her bare tits, her
stomach, and just a hint of blond pubic hair above the
edge of her micro-mini cutoff jeans shorts.  The shorts
were so tiny they exposed all of her thighs, and even
some of her cunt.  Long strands of pussy hair were
sticking out beneath the bottom edges of the high-cut
denim crotch, and it looked like the little bitch's
thighs were slippery already with cunt juice.  I
couldn't wait to taste and fuck these two beauties,
and neither could they.  We went to the bedroom
right away, and Toni continued to suck my cock
while Jill and Kelly got naked.
     "Let's play fuckaround," Jill said.  "Does he
know how?" she asked Toni.  My wife blushed, and I
asked her what Jill meant.
     "Sometimes we get together and fuck other
men, and we let them take turns with us, pulling out
then switching partners until they start to come. 
When they do, they have to pull out real fast so they
don't come in our pussies.  If they do, we take turns
eating their cum out of our cunts," Jill explained,
casually, like I knew all about this.
     "You been fucking other men?" I asked Toni,
and she blushed again.
     "You said I could do anything I wanted, and I'm
letting you fuck Jill and Kelly.  Is it okay, baby?" she
said meekly.  "Are you mad at me?"
     "Only for not letting me watch," I said,
grinning.  "Shit, baby, I told you, as long as you give
me what I need you can do any you want, and I
meant it."
     "Ohhh, Donny, baby, I love you so much,"
Toni said, french kissing me.  I could taste my cock
on her lips, and for some reason even that excited me. 
I wondered what it would be like to party with her
and a group of guys.  Then I felt another pair of lips
on my dick, and looked down and saw Kelly sucking
my cock.
     "Hmmm.  He tastes nice and sweaty, like a real
man," she purred, inhaling deeply, then moving
lower, licking my balls lovingly.
     "Oh fuck, baby, keep that up and I'll come all
over your face," I moaned, close to exploding all over
her.
     "Not until you fuck me," she said, sliding up my
body, rubbing my thighs with her rock hard nipples
and soft tits.  She pushed me back down onto the bed,
kissed me, then climbed on top of my cock and
started fucking me.  Her tight little pussy was like a
vice of warm flesh and for a minute I wondered if
she'd put my dick in her asshole, but she hadn't.
     "Oh yeah, oh what a cock, it's HUGE!" she
grunted, bouncing up and down on me.  Next to her
Jill stood there looking at her watch, counting....
     "Three... two... one... okay, times up.  My turn,"
she said, pulling Kelly off me.  I groaned, but instantly
Jill mounted me and started fucking me.  Her tits were
larger than Kelly's, and softer.  In fact, her entire body
was bigger and softer than Kelly's but I wasn't
complaining.  She really knew how to use her cunt
muscles.  Unlike Kelly, Jill didn't jump around all over
me.  Instead, she lay there, on top of me, barely
moving her body, but working those internal pussy
muscles so skillfully it felt like a long, soft, rippling
mouth was sucking my dick.  I've never felt anything
like it, and I had to fight as hard as I could to keep
from coming.
     "Uhhh... oh fuck... oh... ohhh, I've got to
comeeeee," I gasped.
     "Do it.  Fill my pussy with it," Jill growled, and I
did, exploding inside her pussy, shooting spurt after
spurt of hot, thick, sticky cum right up inside her cunt. 

     "Oh yeah, YEAH!" she screamed, still milking
my dick with those fantastic cunt muscles, jerking me
off with them, making my orgasm go on forever, until
finally, mercifully, I was able to begin to come back
down to earth again, floating, dreamily, all the way
down until I almost passed out.  It was one fucking
perfect come, I'll tell you that.
     "I got it, baby," Toni said, and I looked up at
her.  She was filming us with the camcorder.  I smiled
at her, and winked.
     "Damn that husband of yours can sure come a
lot," Jill said, getting off me, trailing a string of cum
across my thighs.  Her pussy was leaking cum, all
white and sticky looking, and when Kelly saw it, she
growled and pushed Jill over onto her back, then dove
between Jill's thighs and ate her, sucking my cum out
of the freshly fucked cooze.  I felt my cock jerk, and
even though I'd just come, it started getting hard
again already.  Toni was still filming us, and told me
to get behind Kelly and eat her while she was eating
Jill, so I did, playing with my cock as I ate the young
cunt from behind her while she continued eating Jill.  
     We were all moaning and groaning, and when
my cock got hard enough I fucked Kelly again, as fast
and hard as I could until I was soon coming in  her,
too.
     "Eat her.  Now!  Eat your cum out of her cunt,"
Toni said, excited, still filming the action with one
hand while playing with her pussy with the other.  I
did as she asked, dropping to my knees behind Kelly,
and began sucking my cum out of her slick pussy.  It
was kinky as hell, and I loved it.
     We continued like that all night, and later, after
they left, Toni and I fucked slowly while watching the
tape.  Next week Toni's inviting some guys over to
party with us, too, and she said she wants to see me
suck their cocks.  Who knows, I just might do it,
too....
