Wife
by deirdre

Since I started work I always thought Jim was kind of cute, but 
since he was married and all, I never thought anything would happen 
with him and me.  Also, he was pretty old--I figured he might even 
be 40.  I'd seen his wife Cathy a couple of times.  She is a slender, 
athletic woman, in really good shape for her age.  In fact, she has a 
body just made for good clothes and except that she is a bit flat, I'd 
love to have a body like hers.  I never have a really skinny waist 
(right now it's 29") but I do have more than average on top and I see 
men looking at me all the time.

Well, one day Cathy seemed to be hanging around work.  She talked to 
me more than she usually does.  At lunch time, she invited me out for 
a sandwich.  We went out to a restaurant nearby and she asked me 
something that surprised me to no end: she wanted to know if I was 
interested in having sex with Jim!  I told her that he was cute and 
all and the thought sounded pleasant, but that I didn't go after 
married men.  Well, she told me that she knew that Jim thought I 
was really hot.  I found that a little hard to believe--I had caught 
Jim looking at me before, but not nearly as much as some of the 
other guys.

Then she told me to think about having sex with Jim and that she 
would talk to me again.  I had never run into anything like *this* 
before.  I asked her if she wanted Jim to have sex with me.  She said 
she'd like to watch Jim make it with another woman and I would do 
just nicely.  I felt awkward on the way back to work, but Cathy 
seemed to be able to talk freely about everything.  When she left me, 
she told me again to look at Jim and think about doing it with him.

Well, whenever I saw Jim I couldn't help but start thinking about 
Cathy's proposal.  At home, I found myself imagining making it with 
Jim with Cathy watching.  It was all so weird--I had never thought 
about sex so much.  Two days later at work I got a phone message 
from Cathy asking her to meet me at noon at the same restaurant.  I 
went and as soon as I sat down with her I realized that even though I 
never made a conscious decision, that I was going to take her up on 
it.

Cathy was obviously glad to see that I came and seemed to know 
what I was thinking.  She told me that I would come to their house 
and I had to follow her instructions exactly.  She asked me if I was 
nervous about it.  I told her yes.  She said that was natural, but I'd do 
well enough.

She asked me point blank if I promised to do exactly what she said.  I 
was confused and I guess it showed--I sat there tongue-tied.  She 
told me that Jim was going to love it, that he really had the hots for 
me.  She asked for my promise again and I said OK, but without too 
much confidence.  She told me she would come by and pick me up that 
night!

She came by at 7PM but didn't take me to her house right away.  We 
went to a bar and she ordered us both drinks and told me to drink.  
After my second drink, she took me to their house.  I had never seen 
the house and it is nice--a suburban split-level.  It made me want 
more than ever to get out of my little apartment.

I didn't see Jim.  Cathy took me to the bedroom, handed me some 
clothes and told me to change in the bathroom.  When I got in the 
bathroom and looked over the clothes, I was surprised to find a 
rather conservative, long-sleeved green top--not very sexy at all.  
The black pants were tight-fitting though.  Looking at myself in a 
mirror, I could see that my shape from the waist down was obvious 
but from the waist up it was completely hidden.  But when I showed 
myself off to Cathy, she seemed pleased.  She took me down to the 
living room.  Jim was there.  He didn't seem as nervous as I felt.  
Actually, he was very gracious and didn't leer at all.

Then Cathy told me to kneel down in front of him and unzip his 
zipper.  I looked back and forth between them.  Jim was standing.  
Cathy encouraged me.  I edged up to Jim, knelt down, looked up at 
him.  He had a smile on his face that I couldn't figure out.  I looked 
back down at his zipper and unzipped it.  Cathy told me to take out 
his cock.  I couldn't believe I was doing this.  I pulled it out.  I don't 
pay lots of attention to cocks, but his was bigger than average.  
Cathy told me to put it in my mouth.  I have sucked men off but never 
just kneeling in front of a man like that, and certainly never with 
anyone watching!  But I did it.  And it grew and I realized that it was 
quite big.  Cathy told me to keep sucking.  I noticed that her voice 
was harder.  I wondered what she was getting out of all this.  But I 
kept sucking and I could feel Jim getting closer.  He was breathing 
harder and his hands were massaging my head.  Then I knew he was 
about to come.  Cathy told me to swallow.  Fortunately, that doesn't 
bother me so I had no trouble following her order.  Jim let out a 
couple of groans and it was obvious that he was in ecstasy.  I 
swallowed.  He came a lot.  Then his breathing slowed and I started 
licking his cock clean and I stopped a couple of times to look up at 
his face.  He certainly looked satisfied!

And that was it.  Cathy took me home.  She told me she would pick 
me up the next evening and that Jim and I would fuck.  I don't usually 
say "fuck" but that's the word she used.  That night my mind was 
racing.

The next evening, Cathy picked me up again.  She had brought some 
clothes and had me change at my house into an outfit just about 
exactly like the one I wore the night before.  She told me she would 
leave me some outfits.  When we got to her house, she gave me a 
drink.  I was just about finished with it when Jim came in.  Cathy 
immediately told me to take off my pants.  When I paused just a 
second, she hissed "quickly".  I wondered what I was doing there.  But 
I took them off.  And the panties too when she told me to.  I was 
fully dressed from the waste up and nude from the waste down.  
Cathy told me to lean forward over the dining table.  Jim came up 
behind me as I leaned and started massaging my cunt from behind.  
He had a soft touch and I was wet in a second.  Then I felt him 
rubbing my cunt with the head of his cock.  I turned around to look at 
him but Cathy told me to face forward.  Finally I felt his thrust, 
right into me.  I gasped--I was ready and raring to go.

Jim was good.  He did long slow strokes until I thought I'd die, then 
he gradually picked up the pace.  I was moaning and gasping and 
grabbing the other edge of the table as hard as I could.  Soon he was 
plunging into me so hard I thought I'd die of the sensations!  I came 
and came until I felt like a limp rag.

"Very nice" said Cathy and for some weird reason I felt pleased to 
hear her say that.  I felt so weird that a woman was watching me, 
possibly getting her kicks from it too.  What was going on here?

When she drove me home again, she left outfits and told me to drive 
over myself the next evening.  All the outfits were basically the 
same.  When I showed up at their door the next evening, Cathy had me 
strip off my pants again.  She told me always to remove them when I 
came into her house, but never the top.  Jim fucked me over the 
dining table the same as the night before and I was just as worn out.  
The next night she had me suck Jim while they watched television, 
then had me lay across his lap as if I were going to get a spanking.  
Actually, he brought me off with his hand and he really seemed to 
know what he was doing.

So I was going over there every night, and Cathy had me doing all 
sorts of things I never thought I'd do--I took it in the ass, I got 
spanked, I stood facing a corner while they ignored me, I let them 
videotape me masturbating.  And sometimes Cathy would undress and 
I saw here playing with herself a little a couple of times when Jim 
and I were getting it on.  Soon it actually seemed like they were 
going to invite me to move in with them.

A couple of times Jim started to take my top off, but Cathy stopped 
him and insisted that he leave it.  But one night he got it off while 
Cathy wasn't looking.  As soon as she turned around, she ordered me 
to put it on immediately and I'd never heard her sound so stern.  
Later on when she escorted me to the door, she told me to never ever 
take the top off in her house again.  Then as we stood facing her, she 
looked a little nervous looking at me.  She glanced down at my chest.  
Then she took my top and lifted it and looked down at my breasts.  I 
just stood there.  She just stared at them, with no expression.  She 
let it down again after about two seconds.  Then she told me again to 
always keep the top on in her house.  I started to turn to leave, but 
she grabbed my arm and pulled me back around facing her.  Then she 
lifted my top again!  This time after staring at them for a few 
seconds, she reached with one hand and started massaging one of my 
breasts!  I just stood there.  I couldn't believe I was putting up with 
this!

I realized that it felt good.  She pulled the top over my head, and 
started feeling my breasts with both hands.  Her eyes were locked on 
them.  Then she glanced around.  Jim wasn't around.  She led me to 
the couch, sat me down, then leaned over and kissed one of my 
breasts!  I discovered I was hot.  From a woman!  Soon she was 
sucking away on one of them and I was beginning to get really 
excited.  She stopped every once in a while and switched, sometimes 
giving one a quick lick, sometimes stopping to suck on it.  I saw her  
hand going to her own breasts through her blouse.  Something made 
me unbutton her blouse and soon her hand was slipping in while she 
was still sucking on my breast.  She seemed so driven.

Finally, I stood up and took off my pants.  I guided her head down to 
my cunt.  Never in all our sessions had I had my cunt licked.  She 
licked and licked--better than I had ever had before.  Soon I was 
ready to come.  I came, but I didn't let go all the way, I tried to 
remain in control.  I looked up and saw Jim watching us.

I spent the night with them that night--completely nude, between 
them in the bed.  Cathy continually went back to my breasts, but I 
got her to lick me two more times.  Jim and I made love with 
abandon--completely nude under the covers.  When we all got up in 
the morning, Cathy continued to stare at me and she begged me *not* 
to cover my breasts.

Jim is my husband now, but Cathy lives with us even though they are 
divorced.  She remains nude in the house now.  She's a good little 
housekeeper.  I've "trained" her to do all the things she had me do, 
plus she gets whippings with a little whip Jim got from somewhere.   
I love to watch Jim do her ass.
