		      Wifely Whipstress
					  (Part 1 of 2)

Bob and his wife Cindy worked for a small but prosperous wholesale 
distributer.  Gatz Distributers Limited had few employees and was 
primarily in the business of buying and reselling goods from various 
Pacific rim countries.  George Gatz, the sole owner, was seldom seen by
the employees.  Although, he was a fit and tan 45 year old man, he 
seemed to have little interest in the day-to-day affairs of the business;
even if it was making him a small fortune.  Cindy Johnson was the office
manager for the business.  It was Cindy's job to take care of all of the
adminstrative hassels; whereas, her husband, Bob, was the chief 
accountant of the business.  When George had hired the Johnsons three
years prior, he had specifically advertised for a husband and wife team. 
He had entrusted them completely with running the business and Bob and
Cindy could only recall a half dozen times that they had actually talked
with the man since.  That's why they were so surprised when he called
them out of the blue and asked them to his huge estate.  He told them
that he had a business proposition for them and invited them to discuss
it with him.  Gearge said that they should wear their swim suits as he
planned to combine business and pleasure with lunch and a swim in his 
in-door heated pool.

The Johnsons drove to George's estate with much anxiety.  They had no 
idea what George's proposition might be, but they had high hopes that 
some enticing finanacial deal would be offered to them.  Cindy was a 38 
year old attractive blonde.  Her long body-waved golden tresses framed a 
face that could have passed for a models.  Her 38-26-42 figure was 
remarkable for a woman her age and her French cut bikini showed it 
admirably.  Bob was likewise an attractive man.  He stood at 6'-3" and 
had short black hair set off by steel-gray eyes.  Although, he had a slim 
figure, he did not have well developed muscles.  Bob did not find much 
time for exercise.  What little he got he got from making love to his 
beautiful wife as often as he could.

The Johnsons drove up and parked their car and promptly went to the big
front door.  They were surprised when George himself answered the door.
George laughed it off, explaining that he had let "the help" have the day
off.  George was about an inch shorter than Bob, but he was a much bigger
man.  He easily out weighed Bob by at least 50 pounds and not one ounce of
it was fat.  George was something of a fitness nut.  He spent long hours
pumping iron in his private gym in his estate.

After they ate lunch they went for a leisurely swim.  Bob noticed that
George could hardly keep his eyes off his sexy wife's body.  Finally,
George invited them into his private gym where he said he had some papers 
to review with them.  The Johnsons eagerly looked over the comprehensive 
files that were neatly laid out on a table.  However, their excitement 
soon turned to shock and then panic when they realized what they were 
looking at.  George's files contained copies of bank records and receipts 
of all the money the Johnsons had stolen from his business in the last 
three years.  It was absolute and unrefutable proof of their embezzlement 
of George's profits.

    "Well, Bob and Cindy what do you think of my financial records?"

They were both too embarassed and shocked to reply.  So Bob continued:

    "My attorney tells me you will both get at least ten years of hard 
time.  Maybe only seven or eight, if you get lucky."
	
Their hearts sunk as each got a sick feeling in the pit of their stomach.

    "Of course, my business can't stand much of this kind of publicity.  
So I will offer you a one time only deal.  Take it or leave it."

Bob replied eagerly, although he suspected the deal would not be much 
better.

    "What exactly did you have in mind George?"
	
    "Well, I tell you what Bob, old buddy.  I have this little policy 
about people who try to screw me over.  I like to see them punished in 
some significant way, but, on the other hand, I don't want you two to go 
to jail.  Especially not you Cindy, that would be a horrible waste of
that wonderful body," he said while casting a glance up and down 
Cindy's scantily clad form.  "Since I know that Bob was the one that was 
really behind all this thievery, I am willing to be flexible provided 
that he is severly punished.  So, I will tell you what...We are going to 
hang Bob from the ceiling and whip the shit out of him with a leather 
strap for an hour. Not a minute more or less. After that is done, you 
both walk free no questions asked."

They both gasped in shocked disbelief.

    "You can't do that!", choked Cindy.
	
    "Oh, you're quite right dear.  I can't do it.  *YOU* have to do it,
I'm not going to touch him; and, furthermore, you both have to agree to 
this of your own free will.  I am not going to force you.  But, if we 
don't have a deal then all these records get turned over to the District 
Attorney and he will put you away for a long time.  Oh yes, I almost 
forgot, part of the deal is that I want you both buck naked while 
punishment is administered.  I want a little entertainment to compensate 
me for my losses.  Anyway, I'm going to go fix myself another drink.  
You two talk it over while I'm gone and let me know what your decision 
is."

George calmly walked out of the room.  He returned in about five minutes 
with drink in his hand and a big grin on his face.

    "Well?  What did you decide?"

    "We'll do it on three conditions.  First, all original copies of the
records will be destroyed.  Second, no permanent physical harm is to be 
done to me.  Third, you are not to touch Cindy.  And of course we are 
talking about one hour and only one hour right?"

    "Bob, Bob, Bob,...You are in no condition to dictate terms.  But I'll 
be reasonable.  I'll agree unconditionally to the first two requirements.  
As for the third, I can only agree that I will not in any way harm Cindy 
or force her to do anything against her will.  As for the time, we will 
start promptly at 2:00 p.m. and finish at 3:00 p.m.  There are a couple 
of requirements that I must insist on or we have no deal.  I have to be 
satisfied that Cindy is hitting you hard enough to appropiately punish
you, and we have to agree to forget this little session as if it never 
happened.  So do we have a deal?"

    "Okay!  I'll do it you fucking asshole!  Let's get it over with."

    "Great! We begin in five minutes.  I will fetch the leather strap.  
Cindy, if you look up you will see a wire rope with padded leather 
manacles on one end.  The other end is that hand winch on the wall.  Put 
those manacles on your loving husband and hoist him so that his heels are 
about 3-4 inches off the floor. That way he has to stand on his toes for
the whole hour.  Do you understand?"

    "Yes," she said guiltily.  Nevertheless she could feel excitement
stirring within her.

Bob left and returned momentarily with a leather strap that was 4 inches 
wide and about six feet long.  He found that Bob was hanging from ceiling 
as he had instructed.  He handed the strap to Cindy with a smile.

    "Remove his swim trunks, dear."

She complied without hesistation.  George smiled as he saw that Bob was
not as well endowed as he.

     "Now remove yours also dear."

Cindy turned her back to George and looked up at her husband as she 
removed her top.  She felt strangely erotic undressing for the benefit
of both men.  She could hear George dragging a weight bench over from 
the wall and positioning it so that he could get a good view.  Taking a 
deep breathe she lowered her swimsuit bottom quickly.  There she stood in 
all her naked beauty with leather strap held firmly in her hand.  Her 
huge naked tits bounced as she moved.  Her legs were joined with a golden 
mound of a true blonde.  She turned around to ask George when to begin 
but gasped in astonishment instead.  George sat on the end of a weight 
bench with his big muscles on display.  He was as naked as she and Bob 
were, but that is not what caused the gasp.  What had caused that was his 
enormous erection!  In her eyes, George's dick was massive!  She had never
seen any but her own huband's penis, so she had nothing to compare it to.
Not only was it longer but it was much wider in girth and its swollen
head was huge.  Forgetting herself, she stared in silent fascination.

    "I hate to distract you dear.  But you have ten seconds to commence 
punishement.  Whip the shit out of that sorry thieving wimp of a husband 
of yours...Hey Bob, Cindy looks great!  What a wonderful looking ass and 
those gorgeous big tits of hers are lushious.  Look how hard my dick is
from just looking at her.  She seems to like looking at it.  I bet she
wants to sample some.  But, first we have business to attend to.  This is
going to be the longest hour in your worthless life.  Okay, start Cindy."

Blushing from all the attention she was recieiving, Cindy gave Bob a 
half-hearted whack across the back of the thighs.  He yelped in surprise.

    "Oh shit, Cindy!  You're going to have to hit him harder than that or 
no deal!  Use some of the energy in that hot little body of yours honey."

The thought of spending ten years in jail was too much.  She hit Bob as 
hard as she dared.  This time it brought a yell of agony.

   "That's a good girl!  Whip your lover sweatheart.  I want to hear him 
beg for mercy.  Don't stop now..."


		      Wifely Whipstress
					  (Part 2 of 2)

Cindy commenced to whip her husband with new found energy.  She had no
desire to spend the next ten years of her life in jail.  Much to her
surprise she found that she was enjoying this.  She could feel herself 
getting aroused.  Her nipples turned hard and the juices in her twat 
were starting to flow in spite of herself.  She was walking around Bob 
as she whipped him leaving red whelts all over his back, chest, buttocks, 
and thighs.  She couldn't help but give George's huge shaft an eager
occassional glance as she carried out her bargain energetically.  Her
long blonde curly hair flew about and her large globes shook as she 
danced about Bob whipping this way and that with a develish grin of
pleasure.  She looked and acted like a beautiful demoness incarnate and 
you could see the muscles of her lovely form flow with each effort.

Bob was screaming, crying, and begging Cindy to stop.  Somehow this just 
drove her into a lustful frenzy and  she just hit him harder instead.  
Now she was really turned on.  Sweat covered her body and her firm tits 
heaved from effort.  Her cunt was steaming.  After about 25 minutes of 
this she couldn't stand it anymore.  She dropped the strap and in full
view of her crying husband she walked over to George.  She glanced back
at the hanging form of her spouse with a lustful smile; and licking her
lips, she gave George a gentle shove indicating that she wanted him to 
lay back on his back.  Then straddling him she reached down with both 
hands and pointed his massive organ at her blonde snatch.  Bob watched 
in sick horror as his beautiful sexy wife lowered herself slowly onto 
his swollen shaft.  She grunted with effort as she attempted to get 
George's oversized manhood inside her.  After several agonizing seconds, 
she succeeded in lowering her hot pussy so that the blonde curls of
her snatch were resting on his groin with his meat lodged entirely 
within her.  She had never felt so full in her life.
 
    "No Cindy don't do this please!" Bob cried out to his frenzied wife.

    "I think she wants something from me, Bob.  Perhaps another deposit
in her account," George replied mockingly with a chuckle as Cindy placed
both hands on his muscular chest to balance herself as she slid back up 
his pole.

    "Shut up you sorry bastard! I'm going to fuck you," Cindy moaned.

    "I think you already are dear.  That is your pussy that's wrapped
around my dick isn't it?" he laughed. 

Cindy began to slide up and down his dick.  Bob could see his wife's 
juices gleam on George's exposed shaft on each upstroke.  She was slowly
sliding all the way up until his cock-head nearly emerged and then 
quickly dropping down to the hilt again.  George did nothing except 
massage Cindy's big tits and tweak her rock-hard nipples with his strong 
hands, letting the lust-crazed blonde do all the real work.  Soon Cindy's
long stokes were replaced by a frantic humping and her long curls flew
in all directions.  Bob watched in shock and pain as he saw his wife's 
hot sweaty body shake in one orgasmic frenzy after another. 

    "Oh yeah, you little whore!  Take it all in your cunt!  Here it 
comes baby!  Ughhhh...," George finally grunted as he shot his load up 
into Cindy's hot channel.  But, she wasn't interested in George's 
pleasure; she was lost in her own.  She was making a great deal of
noise as she fucked George's partially stiff pole.  Finally she had 
a final mind-blowing screaming orgasm.  And scream she did!

After a moment to catch her breath, Cindy reluctantly slid off of 
George's semi-rigid member, making an audible popping noise as his large 
swollen cock-head came free from her well lubricated hole.  Bob could 
agonizingly see George's jism running down his amorous wife's thigh as 
she walked over to pick up the strap. Bob, she noticed, had an erection
in spite of the fact that he had just watched his adulterous wife fuck 
his boss like a wild animal.  She glanced back at George with a wicked 
smile as she caressed the leather strap sexily.

    "That's right my hot little princess.  You still have 30 minutes to 
go," he smiled as he said.

Once again Cindy launched into her savage whipping.  She covered every 
inch of his body with whelps.  She even popped him in the groin and 
across his dangling balls.  She was rewarded with a loud scream for that 
effort, so she did it again.  She had a develish smile on her face as 
she whipped her man.  Unable to cope with the craving in her clit, she 
fingered herself with her left hand as she whipped him and managed an 
orgasm or two in the process.  Bob, was really crying and begging now.  
After about 10 more minutes of this she paused to admire her work."

    "Cindy, please! Please stop!  I can't take it any more," sobbed Bob.

    "Bob, you know that your time is not up yet," interrupted George.
"But, perhaps you could suggest to her to do something else with the
remaining time, Bob.  Like for instance, maybe you could ask your wife
to fuck me again instead.  I'm sure she wouldn't mind too much."

Cindy didn't wait for a reply.  She started to savagely whip Bob again.

    "Oh god!  Stop Cindy!  Please stop!  Fuck George!  Please, I beg you
to fuck George again.  Aghhh!  Do it...Do it!  Fuck him..."

    "If that's what you want honey.  Okay, I'll do what you want dear," 
Cindy replied mockingly with a cruel chuckle as she dropped the strap.  
She turned and boldly strutted over to George; her sweat drenched body 
gleaming in the light.

    "Get up a minute asshole!  And don't say a word.  The only thing I 
want from you is what's between your legs."

George complied with a smirking glance at Bob's agonized face as he 
dangled in pain from the ceiling.  Cindy turned the weight bench 
sideways and laid down on it backside down.

    "I just wanted to make sure that Bob gets a full view of you fucking
me, George.  After all he did ask me to do it; or would you prefer that
I whipped you some more dear?"  Cindy asked Bob as she spread her legs
wide for George's benefit.

    "No! No! Do it!  I want George to fuck you.  Please!" groaned Bob.

    "Okay, if you insist, Bob," replied George with a laugh.

George promptly mounted Cindy.  Cindy turned her head to watch her
dangling husband with a taunting smile on her face.  She wrapped her 
long legs around George's butt and hooked her ankles behind it.  Her 
arms went around his strong shoulders as George sunk his meat with 
little resistance into her well lubricated and stretched love tunnel.  
George proceded without delay to pound her sexy ass savagely into the
bench with his thrusting hips.  It was obvious from Cindy's pleasurable 
moans and squeals that she did not object to this treatment.  From his
painful position Bob watched in horror as his boss vigourously screwed 
his cooperative woman.  She was clearly enjoying the attention of both 
men for different reasons.  He could see his wife's firm sweat-soaked 
nipples slide up and down George's muscular chest as he pounded her 
pussy with savage thrusts of his huge dick.  There was the strong musk 
smell of sex in the air and the squishy sound of the man's prick sliding 
in and out of Cindy's cunt was clearly audible in between her moans of
pleasure.  George's biceps rippled as he grasped her shoulder tightly on
approaching his climax.

    "Ughhh!  Here it is slut...take my cum deep in your hungry pussy
whore," George growled as he skewered Cindy's cunt and pinned her ass
to the bench with a final savage thrust.  

Cindy could feel the strong man's sperm shoot deep inside her.  She 
screamed in orgasmic bliss as it drove her over the edge.  It felt like 
gallons of his warm seed had burst from his hard rod.  She shook and 
clawed his back as she came.  They both lay there panting a moment as
they came back down from their respective peaks.  Then, while still
coupled in sexual union, they both turned to look at Bob and smiled at 
him.  Then  George leaned over and whispered something into Cindy's ear.  
A devilish grin came across her face as George unmounted to let her up.
Once again, a little of George's deposited seed ran down the inside of 
her thigh, and she momentarily walked bow-legged from her over-
energitic fucking.

    "We still have eight minutes left, Bob.  Do you want me to whip you
some more?" she laughed.

    "No god!  Cindy, please, anything but that!" pleaded Bob.
	
    "Okay.  Here's the deal.  We'll let you down and then you have to 
lick us both clean.  Deal?" asked Cindy.

    "Anything...just stop and let me down," pleaded Bob.

They let Bob down and unfastened his manacles.  He weakly crawled over 
to the bech where George sat.  With only minor reservations he began to 
lick the mixture of his wife's cunt juices and George's spunk off of the 
big man's flaccid tool.  George grabbed his hair and thrust himself 
inside his mouth so that he was forced to clean him thoroughly.

    "That's good dear.  You got him all nice and clean.  Now come over 
here and eat George's sperm out of my cunt," she commanded.

George crawled over to where his wife stood with her strap in hand, legs
spread wide apart and tentatively licked her pussy lips.  She too 
grabbed a handfull of hair and forced his face into her messy snatch.  
She whipped his butt with the strap and at the same time she savagely 
humped her pussy into his face.

   "I said eat it dear!  Suck me dry.  I want to feel that tongue of 
yours deep in me.  Do it or I'll whip your ass hard...Yeah that's the 
way.  Swallow every drop of George's sperm.  Did you like him fucking 
me?  Do a good job and just maybe you'll get to put some in their with 
his.  Would you like that dear?  Ooh yeah!  Lick my clit.  I'm comming...
aghhhhh!"  Cindy bucked her hips fucking her husbands face through 
another screaming frenzied orgasm.  Finally she stopped and pulled away 
exhausted from her husband's cum smeared face.  She turned to see a 
smiling George still sitting on the bench.

   "Well, that's it," said George.  "Time's up.  Consider the deal done.  
Oh...by the way, you're both fired.  Now get the hell out of here," said
George menacingly.  "Oh, yeah, don't forget this Cindy, its yours," he 
said as he tossed the strap to the freshly fucked blonde.  She smiled 
knowingly as she caught it.

As the Johnsons gathered their clothes and left George was already on the
phone with his attorney.

    "Okay, Jim.  You can destroy the records now just like the last time,
and you can start running an ad for another couple to run the business.  
This time see if you can't find me a red-head.  I'm starting to get bored 
with blondes.  You know the profile, wimpy greedy husband, hot sex starved 
wife.  I bet you can find me a another couple in under six weeks.  I'll
give you a bonus if you do."

A few months later Bob and Cindy got two final surprises.  First, they got 
new jobs based on a referrals from George; then, Cindy discovered she was 
preganant even though Bob had a vasectomy years ago!  Nonetheless, Cindy 
found that she could weild the leather strap just as well in spite of her 
swollen belly.

(End of Story)
