Archive-name: Affairs/wifedate.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Wife's Date


Well it's one thirty AM Friday night and I'm going stir crazy
waiting for my wife to return home. She just called and said that
she would be home around 2:30. You see tonight I gave her
permission to date another man. Not knowing what else to do I
decided to try to write down my feelings. I guess I should start
at the beginning.

My wife Susan and I married a little over six years ago.  They
have been a great six years. Susan looks fantastic.  We walk or
cycle almost everyday. Her body is firmer and tighter, now, than
it was when I met her.  She is 5'6", weighs about 110-115, and
measures in at an eye-catching 36-24-35.  She has deep green eyes,
a great complexion, and bright blonde hair cut in a short, stylish
bob. In a bikini at the beach every man drools when she walks by.

During our love making Susan and I often talk about inviting other
men to have sex with her. We have fantasized about who we might
ask and during those times our lovemaking has been fantastic.
Several times I thought Susan was ready to try a threesome but
backed out at the last minute. At least she did until tonight.

I arrived home at my usual time around 5:30. Susan asked if I
minded if we went to dinner early. She said she had something to
ask me but she didn't want to ask me at home. She seemed somewhat
nervous as we drove to a nearby steakhouse. We asked for and
received a table away from the other early diners.

I had no idea what to expect but I can say that every thought
imaginable was running though my mind. Susan hesitated asking her
question until we both nervously ordered our meal. Even then she
hesitated and it was not until our steaks arrived and were half
eaten did she begin.

"Honey, you know how we fantasize when we make love?" she began.
"You mean about you sleeping with another man?" I asked, feeling
my cock begin to stir. "Yes. Were you serious?" she asked. "Yes.
I think so." I answered. "Well are you sure? Because if you're
not.." She asked. "I'm sure. I want you too." I stopped her
sentence. "Why. Have you met someone you want to sleep with."
well, yes. Yes I have. His name is Rick and he's a salesman from
Charlotte. He's ask me out several times but I didn't know if you
really wanted me to." "What made you ask this time?" "Because.
Because he's sexy and I want to. In fact I think I need to sleep
with him." She said. "What do you mean you need to sleep with
him?" I asked. She told my about ne of her married co-workers that
had dated this man. She had told Susan how great he had been. She
went on to say how she had been told about the size of his cock.
Then she said "And I want him in me. I really want him to fuck
me."

"Well, if you really want to. I want you to go for it." I said,
then added. "Next time he's in town if he ask you to go out.
Accept." "I did." She said. "He came to town yesterday and asked.
I accepted for tonight. But if you don't want me.." Again I
stopped her sentence. "I want you to. I want you to screw his eyes
out." I said as I leaned over and kissed her lips. "There's one
other thing you should know. He's black." 

A vision of my beautiful wife with her tanned silky skin laying
under a black man. Both in a frenzy as they made love flashed
before my eyes. My cock was fully erect now. Straining at my
trousers to free itself. "I won't go if you object." Susan said.
Reaching over I took her hand and guided it to my groin. "What do
you think?" I said. "I think you're going to have sloppy seconds
tonight." Susan giggled.

Susan's hand remained in my lap, slowly massaging my swollen cock
as I paid the waitress. We then walked out of the restaurant.
Susan walking before me so I wouldn't be noticed. Not much was
said until we got back home when Susan said. "I want to make love
to you now but I had rather you wait until I get home. I want to
be fresh for Rick tonight." She then added that she would have to
hurry or she would be late. She had told Rick that she would meet
him by 8:30 or she would not be coming.

As Susan quickly showered she told me that she was going to meet
Rick at his hotel. She said that they did not plan on going out.
She said Rick had told her that he planned on 'cumming in'. I
asked if she planned on using protection with Rick. "We talked
about that." Susan said. "Rick feels like you. That too much
feeling is lost with rubbers and you know how I hate those
things." Stepping out of the shower she added. "Anyway, I want to
feel his hot cum inside me. Then I'm going to suck him off until
he cums in my mouth."

Susan dried herself as I watched then she went into the bathroom.
Through the closed door I heard as she cleansed herself with a
douche. The visions of Susan fucking this black stranger was too
much. My balls were beginning to ache. I needed relief myself and
I knew I would have the opportunity after Susan left.

Susan finished dressing, choosing not to wear a bra or panties. "I
would be taking them off in half an hour anyway." She said. Then
kissing me and saying our "I love you's." Susan drove off. She had
not gotten out of the drive before my cock was out. Within seconds
I exploded. The thick, white fluid shot from my cock with a force
I had not known in years.

That was about 8:00 O'clock. It's just after two now and I've
jacked myself to four other climaxes. It's almost time for Susan
so I'll close now and place this on the BBS for others to read. I
do hope Susan enjoyed herself. She should, after all she's been
fucking or sucking Rick for over five hours now. I know I am going
to enjoy a thoroughly messy, cum filled, pussy as Susan tells me
about her date.

Later.
--
