Archive-name: Family/wifedaug.txt
Archive-author: Bill and Joyce
Archive-title: Wife and Daughter Double-Date


My wife Joyce and I have had an open marriage for our entire 14
year marriage, we have decided to share our adventures with you,
the reader. 

After 14 years of marriage Joyce still looks fantastic.  We walk
or cycle almost everyday, she teaches an aerobic class at the
community center. Her body is firmer and tighter, now, than it was
when I met her.  She is 5'6", weighs about 110-115, and measures
in at an eye-catching 36-24-35.  She has deep green eyes, a great
complexion, and bright blonde hair cut in a short, stylish bob. In
a bikini at the beach every man drools when she walks by. 

Because of her body and looks Joyce receives many offers from men
wanting to enjoy her sexually. Joyce loves the attention and loves
to have sex with many men. I enjoy and encourage her to date these
men because I especially enjoy making love to her after she has
been with another man. I enjoy her telling me what she and her
lover did to satisfy their sexual excitement. Joyce dates several
men on a somewhat regular, two or three dates a week, basis. This
is a true story of Joyce and our daughter Cindy double-dating.

Cindy is a young mirror image of Joyce and is the product of
Joyce's previous marriage. She is a very beautiful 22 years. When
Cindy was 16 we noticed she had the same sexual appetite as her
mother so Joyce and I discussed the responsibilities of sex with
her. We did not forbid her to have sex with boys but we did ask
her to ask us for the pill before she took the plunge. Nearing her
17th birthday Cindy asked Joyce for the pill and as promised Joyce
arranged an appointment with the doctor who prescribed them for
her. She has been sexually active ever since. From age 18 we have
allowed Cindy to have her dates spend the night or weekend with
her. We feel that if she is going to have sex anyway it's better
to do so in the safety and privacy of one's home.

Cindy has known that her mother was sleeping with other men for
quite sometime. She didn't know that I knew of her mother's
affairs until Joyce started dating a man by the name of George.
This is the first man that Joyce went away for the weekend with.
Cindy had already turned 18 and had already had several boys over
on saturday afternoons but had not invited anyone for the weekend
yet.

One weekend Cindy asked if she could invite this boy from school
to spend the weekend. Joyce told her she could but that she would
not be home that particular weekend because she was going to be
spending the weekend with George. Joyce told Cindy this in front
of me and when Cindy looked shocked Joyce explained our
relationship and of my feelings regarding her dating other men.
Cindy asked if many men had the same feelings as I because the boy
she wanted to invite for the weekend had told her he often had sex
with one of his neighbor's daughter's after she had been out
having sex with her date. He had told Cindy that he had really
enjoyed that experience and had often longed for a replete.

We explained to Cindy that we believed that many men do harbor
fantasies of allowing their wife's to have a sexual relationship
with other men. We told her that we also think that for most this
remains a fantasy because of the insecurity of allowing their mate
enjoy the pleasures of another. Cindy said that when she was ready
for marriage that she hoped her mate would be as understanding as
I because already she had discovered that it was truly exciting to
be free to have sex without any incrimination.

Joyce did indeed go on her trip with George that weekend and Cindy
had her date spend the weekend with her. Since that weekend we
have been a truly open marriage in that we openly discuss sexual
matters freely and without guilt. Cindy sometimes tells us of how
her dates preform and Joyce in turn tells of her dates. Joyce also
gives Cindy advise on how to please men and I remember vividly of
the time Joyce was explaining how to give really deep oral sex.

Cindy was 20 by now and Joyce told Cindy that her current lover
was extremely well endowed and that while she had been in college
she had learned how to allow a man to enter into her throat
without choking. She told Cindy that the only problem was that one
couldn't breath well that way but that with practice one could
hold their breath long enough to allow a man to finish his climax.
She told her that when a man came that deep in one's throat that
there was no need to swallow. Cindy said she would practice the
technique with a dildo before trying it on her boy friend but she
doubted he was big enough anyway.

About two weeks later the subject of oral sex came up again. Cindy
said that she had practiced with the dildo and had gotten 'pretty
good' at it. She said that she had tried to super deep her date
but that he was only big enough to choke her and not go past that
point. Joyce jokingly told Cindy that she could borrow her lover
to experiment with if she promised to return him. Cindy took Joyce
seriously and so began the mother-daughter double date.

Joyce told her lover that she had a young friend that wanted to
meet him and introduced him to Cindy. The three of them went to a
motel for the evening where Joyce demonstrated her technique to
Cindy and Cindy, like an expert, repeated the demo. Joyce's lover
shot his load in Cindy's throat and like Joyce had explained Cindy
captured every drop of semen. Joyce's lover had really pounded
Cindy in the missionary position and Cindy had no trouble taking
every inch while wanting more. (That's just the way Joyce is).

Joyce and Cindy have often double-dated since then and sometimes
share their dates. In fact this evening Joyce and Cindy double-
dated and as I write this Cindy is in her room with her date.
Joyce and her date went to his place because he was uncomfortable
coming (cumming) here. Cindy told me that her mother didn't plan
to stay all night so I'll get sloppy seconds soon. From the sounds
from Cindy's room I think her date is getting seconds now. Too bad
they're his own seconds.

Bill

PS: From Joyce.

Hi all. What Bill has written is true. ccc and I do occasionally
double-date. I know that most will disapprove of our lifestyle but
I don't think any of us really care. I believe it's only right for
a mother to help her daughter experience life's joys and sex is
certainly one of life's more pleasurable experiences. Bill
certainly enjoys my bringing home a wet treat, like last night.

I realize many couples would like to experience extra-marital sex
but are afraid to approach the subject with their mate. This is
only natural but if the marriage is strong and both have love and
trust then I see no problem. Sure Bill is sometimes jealous of my
sleeping with another man but he has never let that be a cause of
trouble nor has he ever forbade me to sleep with whomever I
choose. He has often found dates for me. Only twice has he asked
me not to date certain men and I have respected those wishes.

For those who would like to experience this lifestyle I suggest
you approach your mate while making love. After all that's the
time when we are at our most loving and giving. You might say
something like. "Honey, have you ever fantasized about me being
with another man?". You men could ask. "Have you ever considered
having sex with another man while I knew or watched?". Once the
ice has been broken if your partner is interested there will be
further discussions.

If there is interest it is usually up to the man to find and
initiate contact with another man. A good swinger's magazine is a
good place to look. For the most part those who advertise are good
honest people who like to experiment with different sex partners.
Those we have chosen (yes we sometimes advertise) have, without
exception, been very nice, very clean people. 

We have always been very selective, although I select quite a few,
and discreet. We have never worried about AIDS but then, we do not
date gay's or bi-sexual. Although both Bill and I have been bi-
sexual at times we do not do so as a rule. Our bi-sexual
activities have always been in the heat of passion when we are
with another couple or when Bill and I invite another man to join
us.

Anyway we hope you enjoy our experiences. If you would like to
contact us we can be reached through our friends J & E in South
Carolina. Write to Bill & Joyce, c/o J & E, P.O. Box 3641,
Greenville, SC 29608.

Joyce

