	-WILMA  AND BETTY - 
	  -A FLINTSTONE STORY-
		-Part One-
			 by Ann Douglas


	"Fred Flintstone, one of these days I'm going  to kill 
you...."  The red haired woman said to herself  as she beat the 
tigerskin rug hanging on the  clothesline.
	"Problem Wilma?"  asked a voice from the  other side of the 
stone fence.
	"Oh hi, Betty....."  Wilma said as she turned  and saw the 
dark haired woman who had spoken. "Just the usual problem, the 
one that put Fred's  buddies before his wife."
	"What did he do now?"  Betty asked as she  leaned on the top 
row of rocks.
	"Well......you know Pebbles is away at camp  for the weekend 
with Bam Bam.  So I figure that  tonight being Friday night, it 
would be a great  chance for the two of us to spend an intimate 
 evening together."
	"And I guess he saw it differently?"  Betty  interjected.
	"Well, at first, he seamed to go along with  it." Wilma said 
as she removed the rug from the line.   
"That was until Joe Rockhead called and told him  there was an 
emergency meeting of the Water  Buffalo Lounge tonight. And out 
the door he went."
	"Emergency meeting huh?"
	"Yeh, the emergency being the Rocky
Slagstone fight on the TV tonight."  She said in  expiration as 
she folded the rug and dropped it into  her basket.  "One of 
these days he's going to go too  far."
	"I know how you feel, Wilma."  Betty said  sympathetically.
	"If its not the Water Buffaloes, its the  Bowling Team, or a 
big game at the pool hall." Wilma said as she moved over to 
Betty.  "Honestly,  sometimes I wonder how he was ever home 
long  enough for us to have Pebbles.  It sometimes seems  like 
that was the last time we were together. "
	Betty just shook her head in agreement.
	"You're so lucky that Barney isn't like that." Wilma said.
	"Not like that?  Wilma, where do you think  he is now.  Fred 
calls and away he goes.  Sometimes  I think they should've 
married each other, at least  they spend more than an hour a 
day together."
	Now Wilma just nodded knowingly.
	"Tell you want, Wilma."  Betty said as she  leaned over the 
fence and whispered to Wilma.  "As  I see it, we can either sit 
back and mope around or  have our own fun."
	"What do you have in mind?"  Wilma asked  cautiously.
	"Oh, nothing wild."  Betty reassured. "I just  figured we 
could rent a good film from the video  store and get a few 
snacks, maybe a little Rockberry  Wine.  Sort of  a girls night 
in."
	"Hmm, I guess that would be ok."  
	"Great, why don't you leave everything to  me."  Betty said 
with a smile.  "Just be at my house  in an hour."
	"All right, see you then."  Wilma replied as  she picked up 
the basket and headed back to the  house.


	An hour later, Wilma was knocking on the  door of the Rubble 
house.  It was dark inside and  Wilma was wondering if maybe 
Betty wasn't back  yet.  She was about to leave when Betty 
called out  from inside.
	"Be right with you, Wilma."
	Three minutes later, the door opened and  Wilma stood open 
mouth as she saw her next store  neighbor.
	Gone was the short blue dress Betty
normally wore.  Instead Betty wore a tight leopard  skin that 
more than highlighted her ample figure. Betty had always been a 
stocky girl, but Wilma had  always envied her large breasts.  
Gaining ten or so  pounds would be worth it if she could be 
sure that  those breasts would come with it.
	"Betty, that's some outfit...."  Wilma said as  she finally 
found her voice. "Where in the word did  you get it?"
	"Like it?"  She asked as she spun around and  showed off where 
there was....or more accurately  wasn't of the dress.  "I 
bought it at Fredrick's of  Bedrock for our Anniversary last 
year, but never got  to wear it.  You remember, that was the 
night the  boys had that big, important, not to be missed, 
poker  game.  I found it when I was cleaning before and  just 
felt like wearing it."
	"Well, it certainly is different,"  Wilma noted  as she 
stepped inside, wondering how she'd look in a  dress like that.
	"Have a seat, I just have to get a few things  from the 
kitchen."  Betty called out as she shut the  door and headed 
from the kitchen.
	

	Two hours later,  both the movie and the  snacks done, Betty 
and Wilma sat drinking the last  of the Rockberry wine.  
Glancing at the clock,  Wilma noted that it would be another 
half hour  before the Slagstone fight was only just  beginning, 
 so it could still be hours before their husbands came  home.
	"And they'll be too tired to do anything once  they get 
home.."  Betty remarked as she took a last  sip of wine.  "Not 
that Barney has ever been any  good in that department.  What I 
wouldn't give for a  good fuck! "
	"Betty Rubble!"  Wilma shot back in shock,  it was the first 
time she had ever heard Betty use the  F-word.  They'd had 
intimate discussions over the  years, but they'd always used 
more lady like code  words.
	"Oh come on, Wilma."  Betty countered. "Just a few hours ago 
all you could do was complain  about Fred's lack of attention.  
When was the last  time he spent more than five minutes taking 
care of  business.  They take more time polishing their  
bowling balls than getting us off."
	Reluctantly, Wilma had to agree.  With Fred  it was usually a 
minute of foreplay, following by a  few grunt and groans as he 
heaved onto of her. Then he'd roll over and go to sleep.  
	"I guess your right, Betty, but what can you  do."  Wilma 
shrugged.  "I mean its not like we're  going to run out and get 
boyfriends."
	"Wouldn't want a boyfriend,"  Betty said, her  speech showing 
a little of the wines effects.  Why  put up with the whole bull 
when you only want one  part - the best part."
	"I don't know what you mean?"
	"Wait, I'll show you..."  Betty whispered.
	With that she got up and disappeared into  the bedroom.  Wilma 
could hear her rummaging  through one of her dresser draws, 
looking for  something.  Then she reappeared, holding something 
 behind her back.
	"Ta da!"  Betty triumphantly announced as  she produced a  
highly polished saber tooth.  "Old  faithful, guaranteed never 
to let you down."
	"I don't understand?"  Wilma said as she  stared at the nine 
inch tooth.
	"Oh Wilma,"  Betty said, "Sometimes you  can be so dense."  
	With that she brought the tooth down and  positioned it 
against her pelvic area, rubbing it  against her dress.
	"Oh my!"  Wilma said as she brought her  hand to her mouth, 
suddenly understanding what  Betty was talking about.  "Oh 
Betty, I could never  do that."
	"You'd be surprised what you can do when  you find yourself 
home one cold night too many." Betty said.  "Very surprised."
	"Where did you ever get such a thing?"
	"From Shirley Rocstein, you remember her,  she used to work 
over at the supermarket."  Betty  said with a smile as if 
remembering private thoughts.  "She showed me a lot of really 
great things."
	"I don't know, Betty,"  Wilma said hesitantly,  trying hard to 
hide her curiosity.  "I don't think I  could ever do anything 
like that."
	"Well, I'm not trying to push you into  anything."  Betty 
said.  "But I'll tell you what, why  don't you borrow "old 
fang"  here.  Maybe you  might want to take him for a test 
drive."
	"Oh Betty I couldn't......"
	"I insist."  Betty replied as she dropped the  saber tooth 
into Wilma's bag.
	With that Wilma heard a car pull into the  driveway, a moment 
later she heard Fred's booming  voice.
	"Who'd have believed it, Barn,"  said the  loud voice.  "That 
new kid, Mike Tyroc puts  Slagstone's lights out 20 seconds 
into the first round. I tell you that kids going  places."
	"That's not what you said before the fight,  Fred."  Barney 
said.  "You said Slagstone was going  to wipe up the mat with 
the kid."
	"You just don't understand my betting
strategy, Barney."  Fred replied as he reached the
fence door connecting to his yard.  "No one bets on  the new 
kid the first time out, its bad luck."
	"Sure Fred,"  Barney countered as he opened  the door for 
Fred..  "I supposed that hundred clams  you dropped on 
Slagstone was good luck.  I can't  wait to hear how you explain 
that one to Wilma."
	"Child's play, Rubble,"  Fred grinned. "I'll  just give her a 
little of the old Flintstone magic and  she won't even ask 
about the money." 
	"Sure Fred, sure."  Barney smiled back.  "I  guess I forgot 
all about your magical charm."

	While Fred and Barney had exchanged barbs,  Wilma had snuck 
out the Rubbles front door and  entered her house from the 
street side.  She no  sooner stripped and jumped into bed when 
Fred  walked into the room.
	"Hey sweetheart, I'm glad your still up."  He  said as dropped 
his skin and eased into bed with her. "All night I've been 
thinking about how nice it would  be to snuggle up to you when 
I got home."
	Wilma smiled as she felt his hands close on  her breasts.  
See, Betty was wrong,  she told herself.  Fred could still 
surprise her.  Two minutes later he  parted her legs and  
entered her.  A couple of grunts  and  one Yaba Daba Doo later, 
Fred rolled over and  fell fast asleep.  Some things would 
never change  after all.
	For an hour after that, Wilma laid there away  and stared at 
the ceiling.  Every time she closed her  eyes, she starting 
imagining what kind of things  Shirley Rocstein had really 
shown Betty.  To her  surprise, the images left her wet beneath 
the sheets.

	After dinner Saturday night, Wilma had just  finished clearing 
the dishes when she heard Fred  humming contentedly from the 
living room. Curious, she peeked in and turned red with anger.
	Sitting in his big easy chair, Fred was  meticulously 
polishing his bowling ball.  Every few  second he would stop 
and pay special attention to a  small smudge he had overlooked 
before.  Looking  up at the clock she noted that he had been 
working  on the ball for almost an hour.
	"Now there's a thing of beauty."  Fred noted  as he finished 
clearing off the last smudge and lifted  the ball to eye level. 
 "Baby, we're going to wipe out  Kelly's tenpins tonight."  He 
said to the ball as he  bend down and kissed it.
	"Tonight....?"  Wilma said as she walked into  the room, 
dishtowel still in hand.  "I thought we  were going to the 
movies tonight?"
	"Sorry honey,"  Fred said as he gently put  the ball back into 
his bowling bag.  "They had to  move the Monday night game up 
to Saturday on  account of some benefit they're having on 
Monday. I can't let the guys down, if we win tonight we go  
into the championships."
	"I see....,"  Wilma said, hiding her anger. "Well who am I to 
stand in the way of you and the  guys."
	"Thanks sweetheart," Fred said as he dashed  by her and kissed 
her on the cheek.  "I knew you'd  understand."
	"Oh I understand,"  Wilma said to herself as  the door closed. 
 "Sometimes I'm just too damn  understanding."
	As she heard the car pull out of the 
driveway, Wilma began to cry.


	-WILMA  AND BETTY - 
	  -A FLINTSTONE STORY-
		-Part Two-
			 by Ann Douglas


	Ninety minutes later, Wilma turned off the
Television.  She couldn't get into the movie anyway. 
Walking toward the bedroom, she stopped at the
table where she had dropped her purse the night
before.  The purse with Betty's Saber Tooth.  She
stood there staring at the bad for a few moments,
then picked up the bag and continued on to the
bedroom.
	
	Laying back against the pillows, Wilma
spread her legs and ran the point of the polished
tooth across the outline of her mound.  Gently she
brushed the tip against the tight opening and eased it
slightly inside.  She sighed as she applied a little
more force and felt it rise up inside her.  Wilma had
to admit to herself that it felt good.
	With one hand she began to slide the tooth in
and out, finding reentry easier each time as the walls
of her pussy began to produce a steady stream of
lubrication.  Her other  hand began to explore her
body, rubbing her small breasts. With her eyes
closed she could imagine they were as large as
Betty's.  What would it be like, she asked herself, to
play with Betty's big breasts.
	The thought brought a tremor between her
legs and her free hand slid down to her clit, playing
with it between her fingers.  She quickened the pace
of the saber tooth, sighing louder now as she took
all nine inches inside her.  Touching parts of her
Fred had never reached.
	Soon, she told herself. She could feel her
body building to a climax.  Rubbing her clit as fast as
she could, she  pumped her pussy with her substitute
cock.  Her whole body had been taken over by the
rhythm as she moved to the driving pulse growing
inside her.  
	"Yaba Daba Doo!"  She screamed as her
cunt gushed all over her hands and the saber tooth. 
It was the first orgasm she'd had in months. 
	She continued to frantically pump herself as
she felt a second wave rush through her.  In all her
years with Fred, she'd never had a second climax.
	"Yaba Daba Fucking Doo!!!!!"  Wilma
screamed louder than the first time as her entire
sweat covered  body trembled then exploded.
	It was better than the first time as she closed
her eyes and just let herself drift in orgasmic delight. 
As each succeeding wave lessened in intensity, she
began to just lay there.  Her cum covered hands  to
stroked  her pussy as she gently continued to fuck
herself  with her new toy.  Oblivious to the world,
she hadn't heard the new figure enter the room.  It
was a good five minute before she finally calmed
down and opened her eyes - to find Betty standing at
the foot of her bed. 



	"Betty!"  Wilma exclaimed as she jumped up
naked in the bed.
	"Well hello neighbor..."  Betty said with a
wide smile on her face.
	Wilma pulled the sheet up around her, her
face a bright red with embarrassment.
	"I heard you yelling and ran over here to
make sure that you were all right, I knew the boys
had gone out bowling."  Betty said in a calm
monotone voice as she bend down and picked up the
cum covered saber tooth.  "I see that you're more
than all right."
	With that she brought the tooth to her lips
and began to lick the cum off of it.  Wilma watched
in fascination as the dark haired woman worked her
tongue across the tooth, alternately taking it into her
mouth like a lollipop.
	"Mmmm"  Betty purred as she licked the last
drops of girlcum from the tip of her lollipop and
scooped it into her mouth. "Delicious, even better
than good old Shirley."
	Wilma continued to just stare at her best
friend, feeling a little complimented that she tasted
better than Shirley.
	"Of course, there's nothing like tasting it
right from the fountain."  Betty grinned as she
dropped the saber tooth to the floor and took a hold
of the edge of Wilma's sheet.  
	With a gentle tug, she began to pull the sheet
off the bed and Wilma.  She moved the sheet slowly,
giving her friend ample time to protest if she wanted.
	No protest followed as the sheet joined the
tooth on the floor and Betty sat down on the edge of
Wilma's bed.  Reaching down, she ran her fingers
across Wilma's breasts, gently playing with the erect
nipple.  Encouraged by the small smile forming on
Wilma's face, Betty leaned over and kissed the
redhead.
	The kiss was soft at first, just a suggestion of
touch.  Then their lips came together again, this time
a little harder.  Wilma felt Betty's tongue pushing
against her lips, hesitated a second, then opened her
mouth to admit it.  Fred had never liked tongue
kissing so she was surprised how nice Betty's tongue
felt against her own.  
	Betty cupped Wilma's small breasts as she
kissed her again, her thumbs continuing to play with
the nipples.  She moved her head down to Wilma's
pert tits and took each nipple into her mouth, one
after the other.  Softly sucking on them, she sent a
pleasant tickling through Wilma, so unlike Fred's
rough and quick foreplay.
	"Oh Betty..."  Wilma said, finally breaking
her silence.  "I want you to love me, I want to love
you so much."
	Gratified at hearing those words she had
wished for so long, Betty broke mouth contact and
stood up again.   She reached up and undid the
strings of her blue dress.  As it fell to the floor, she
stood naked, giving Wilma her first unobstructed
view of those breasts she had so admired.
	"They're so beautiful...."  Wilma whispered
as she reached up to touch them.
	Betty guided Wilma's hands, placing one on
each breast.  She smiled as Wilma squeezed each
one, playing with the large aureoles.  Moving
downward, Betty took a hold of her breasts and
guided them to Wilma's waiting mouth.
	Betty let Wilma take her time, enjoying the
feeling of her wet mouth as it took a turn at each of
her breasts.  Many nights she had dreamed of this
moment, and now that it was here it was meant to be
savored.  She ran her fingers through Wilma's  red
hair, undoing the small hair-bone, letting the long
hair fall free around her shoulders.
	Satisfied that Wilma had her fill, Betty
removed her nipple from her mouth and turned to
kiss Wilma's smaller breasts.  She licked each nipple
for a few moments but this was only a pause on her
journey downward.  Lifting her legs apart, Betty
brought her mouth to the cum covered mouth
between.  Unlike her own black bushy mound,
Wilma had only a small wisp of light red hair around
her cunt.  And even than had been matted down by
the earlier eruptions of cum.
	Parting the wet walls with her fingers, Betty
drove her tongue deep within Wilma.  An electric
spark ran up through Wilma's body at this first
touch.  Betty then began to cover the entire area
with her probing tongue, savoring the taste of her
friend.  
	"Like I said, much better at the source." 
Betty laughed as she continued to lick away,
bringing a new wetness to Wilma.
	As Betty continued to lick away, Wilma
reached down and began to probe Betty's own
mound with her fingers.  She was surprised to find it
already wet. Lubricating her fingers with the
wetness, she slid them inside.   Betty smiled at this
entry, it was the first independent action Wilma had
taken.  A second finger followed the first, then a
third.  In no time at all, Wilma had all three fingers
buried in Wilma up past the second knuckle. 
Keeping in time with the movement of Betty's own
tongue on her now saturated pussy, Wilma began to
finger-fuck Betty in earnest.
	After a little while, Wilma moved to replace
her fingers with her mouth.  Eager for her first taste
of her girlfriend, she buried her face between Betty's
legs.  A light film of cum quickly covered her face as
Wilma jerked her face from side to side.  Betty
reached down and motioned her to take it easier,
leading her to just the right spot to lick.
	Swallowing her first taste of another woman,
Wilma was pleased to find it different than her own. 
It made each woman different and special.  After a
few minute she had steadied into a relaxed rhythm
and was rewarded by soft moans from Betty.  It felt
so good to be able to take her time, to stretch each
pleasing moment to as long as she could make it
last.
	Between her legs she could feel Betty's more
experienced tongue guiding her to yet another
eruption.  She began to gyrate her pelvis, trying to
keep time with the thrusts of Betty's tongue. 
Knowing it would be the first time she would be
coming for her best friend, she wanted it to be the
best.  She now wished that she hadn't wasted her
time and juices with the saber tooth.
	But Wilma wasn't to be disappointed as a
new rush of girlcum filled Betty's mouth.  Rather
than swallow it,  Betty tried to hold as much of it as
she could in her mouth.  A small stream of girljuice
ran down her jaw as she moved from between
Wilma's legs and kissed her new lover as hard as she
could.  Using her tongue she pushed Wilma's own
juices into her mouth, letting it mix with what was
left of Betty's own.  
	Wilma used her own tongue to give Betty
back some of the mixture as they embraced and
kissed again and again. The two women laid there
for another ten minutes, enjoying the touch of each
others naked body.  Finally the chime of the clock in
the living room told them their husband would soon
be home.  Leading Betty into the bathroom and the
shower, Wilma began to wash and lick Betty's body
clean.
	"I wish I could've made you cum."  Wilma
said to Betty apologetically.  
	"Wilma, dear, this was only your first time." 
Betty replied as she planted a gentle kiss on her lips. 
"You'll get plenty of chances to try again.  In fact, I
wouldn't be surprised if the boys wanted to go out
again tomorrow night."
	"If Fred doesn't, " Wilma said as she returned
the kiss. "I'll kick him out the door myself."
	Betty just smiled and held Wilma tight,
enjoying both the steady stream of hot water and the
embrace of her friend.

END      
