Archive-name: Amazon/wilson.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Mistress Sheila


	Wilson Sparing was bored with his life. He was rich, by anyone's 
standards. Owned two houses, an advertising network, and had interests 
in many other areas, but Wilson was not happy. He longed for the 
strange, the bizarre. Sex had always eluded him. Sure, he could buy 
almost any girl he wanted, and frequently did, but he always went away 
from the encounter unfulfilled. The girls always knew who he was, and 
what he had, and as soon as that was known, he felt they acted 
differently towards him.
	One day Wilson found himself in one of poorer areas of the city. 
He was down there scouting out some property, which he was sure he could 
turn for a profit, when he came upon a decrepit building housing an 
adult bookstore. Wilson always enjoyed going in the adult bookstores 
whenever he could. It seemed he could loose himself in the erotic 
fantasies. He could forget the pressures, the demands on his time, and 
find himself in another world; a world of pleasure.
	Wilson was browsing the different books and magazines in the 
bookstore. A seedy old man was sitting behind the bulletproof cashiers 
station smoking a cigar. Wilson said hello to him, but the old man only 
grunted, his eyes never even looking up. "Man, do I wish I could meet 
this one!" Wilson said, putting down a magazine of a leather clad 
dominatrix. "How come I can never find ladies like these!" he said with 
a smile on his face. It was then that the old man behind the counter 
spoke up. "You want some excitement, eh?" the old man said, a twinkle in 
his eye. "Well, I'll tell you a place where you can meet that kind of 
'lady' and more! That is, if you think you're man enough to handle one!" 
the old man rasped. "No problem!" said Wilson. "Ain't no woman ever 
could handle me!" he said. "These ain't your ordinary woman!", said the 
old man. "You'll see! It's been said that some men who go there are 
never seen again!" "You mean, they get bumped off?" asked Wilson, his 
enthusiasm dimming somewhat. "No!", said the old man. "They stay for 
life strictly on their own accord. At least until they're worn out, and 
they ain't much good to anyone after that!" After a little more talking, 
Wilson got the address of this mysterious place from the old man, and 
slipped him fifty dollars for his trouble. The old man's eyes went back 
to reading his newspaper and smoking his cigar, and Wilson found himself 
out on the street in search of this new adventure.
	The afternoon had turned grey, and a slight drizzle had begun to 
fall. Wilson found himself walking in the seedier part of town. The 
neighborhood was marked with abandoned buildings, gang graffiti, and the 
like. Wilson came up to the address. It was a large building, that 
looked like it had seen better days. Outside was a dirty sign that 
looked like it had been neglected for years. The sign said: "Chambers". 
Wilson went up and opened the creaky rusty door. A fairly attractive 
blond woman came up to him immediately. She was about five foot six, and 
didn't smile. "Here for the action?" she said. "Well, it'll cost ya six 
hundred bucks, take it or leave it!" "Just what is the action?" Wilson 
said. "Guaranteed action!" said the blond. "If ya ain't completely 
satisfied, we'll even give ya your money back. 'Course, I been her eight 
years, and no one ever wanted their money back!" Wilson thought a 
second, and whipped out six hundreds and gave them to the blond. "Right 
through that door sir." she said.
	Wilson found himself in a lavish room full of people. You'd 
never have thought from the outside that a place like this could exist 
in this neighborhood, but there it was. The air was thick with blue 
smoke as the men laughed and talked among each other. They were packed 
up against the bar where a fat bartender was dispersing drinks. Ordering 
a scotch and soda, he stepped back only to have another guy bump into 
him. "Sorry." he said. "That's alright." said Wilson. "I can't wait for 
the evenings entertainment to begin!" the man said. "What is the 
entertainment?" Wilson said, not trying to seem too dense. "Just about 
the best bunch of catfighting woman you ever did see!" said the man. 
"You mean I paid six hundred bucks to see a stupid womans wrestling 
match!" said Wilson, his anger rising with the idea of him being duped 
for six bills. "No, man!" said the stranger. "This ain't like that! You 
wait and see! Your gonna love it!"
	Wilson settled into a comfortable chair and watched the X rated 
movie on the big screen. After about an hour, the bartender pulled out a 
microphone. "The main event will be starting in the upstairs gallery in 
20 minutes. Gentlemen, take your places!" Wilson followed the crowd 
upstairs and into the gallery.
	The gallery was set up like a regular sized boxing rink, except 
it was like a pit. All the seats rose at a gentle angle and everyone got 
the feeling that they were on top of the rink. From where Wilson was, it 
seemed like he was no more than ten feet away from the action. The level 
of excitement was rising as each minute passed. The men next to him were 
busy taking and making bets. Suddenly the lights grew dimmer and dimmer, 
and a ladies voice came over the sound system.
	"Gentlemen, for your entertainment this evening, we are going to 
feature two bouts. The first, features two ladies, each one undefeated. 
For you newcomers, I'll describe our system: Each of our contestants is 
a dominatrix who has never been in  submission. Winning is by submission 
only. The winner may use the loser for a period of a half hour after 
victory. The loser can not refuse anything the winner tells her to do. 
If she does refuse, Cletus here acts." With that, a giant of a man, 
about six foot, four, stood up holding what appeared to be a vicious 
looking whip with spikes on the end. "Cletus has only had to act once." 
said the announcer.
	"Our first to contestants are rival dommes. Mucho Mary, in the 
near corner, and Caroline the Conqueror in the far corner. Ladies enter 
the ring!" shouted the announcer. All hell broke loose as the 
contestants entered the ring.
	 Mucho Mary was about six foot tall and weighed about two 
hundred plus pounds. She had red hair, and great big tits, and an 
equally proportioned ass. She wore a leather harness, that cupped her 
tits leaving the outside and the nipples exposed. The harness belted 
around her waist, and ran around each leg, with a strip running between 
her asscheeks, leaving her pussy completely exposed. Mucho Mary entered 
the ring and started to flex her gigantic form. For a woman of her size, 
she wasn't really fat, just awful mean looking.
	Next came Caroline the Conqueror. Caroline was about one hundred 
ten pounds and about half the size of Mucho Mary. She had short brown 
hair that was cut in a pixie like fashion, She was wearing a small white 
bikini, that came up between her buttcheecks. Her tits were small, and 
her ass was small also, but it was very well proportioned. Caroline just 
smiled and waved at everyone, and everyone responded by cheering her on. 
Wilson instantly liked her, but found himself feeling sorry for her, as 
it appeared she was greatly overmatched.
	The bell rang, the crowd cheered, and the match was on! Mary 
circled Caroline and went after her right away. Caroline wisely 
sidestepped the charging bull, and leaped on her back as she went by. 
The crowd laughed as Mary tried to shake off Caroline who had Mary 
around the throat, cutting off the air. Mary was tiring, and her supply 
of oxygen was dwindling, Suddenly, Mary sprung backwards with Caroline 
underneath her back. Mary crashed down to the mat and the only sound 
that came from Caroline was an"oomph". Mary rolled over making Caroline 
release the grip on Marys throat.
	Mary flipped Caroline over on her back and then ran to the other 
side of the ring. She then ran towards Caroline and leaped through the 
air landing spread eagle on the already stunned Caroline. Caroline was 
too dazed to react to the slamming, and merely laid there not moving. 
Mary got up and with both legs on either side of Carolines head, held 
her head so her nose was pointing straight up, and sat on her face. Poor 
Carolines nose was imbedded halfway up Mucho Marys pussy, and Mucho Mary 
was just laughing. Wilson thought it was just a matter of time until 
Caroline passed out or submitted, and a hush fell over the crowd.
	Suddenly, Caroline began kicking and flailing her arms, bouncing 
her ass up and down on the mat. Then, with a loud bellow, Mucho Mary 
jumped off Carolines face. It seems that Caroline had just bit Mucho 
Mary right in the pussy! "You've had it now bitch!" screamed Mucho Mary 
rubbing her sore pussy. "We'll see about that!" said Caroline still 
shaking off her near smothering. Just then, Caroline jumped, turned 
backwards, and kicked Mucho Mary right in the pussy. Mary bellowed in 
pain, and Caroline followed up with two kicks to the midsection, and two 
more, right on the pussy. Mucho Mary went down holding her gut, and her 
pussy.
	Caroline was on her like a cat. Wrapping her legs around Mucho 
Marys neck, and crossing her feet at the ankles, Caroline applied 
pressure. Mary jumped up, hauling Caroline with her, her legs still 
locked around Marys throat. Swinging wildly, she did everything she 
could do to shake Caroline, but to no avail. The end was coming, as she 
dropped first to one knee, than both, than finally on her back. Caroline 
was pouring it on, and finally, Mucho Mary went limp on the ground, 
unconscious.
	Releasing the hold, Caroline sprung to her feet, a wide, beaming 
smile on her face. She put one foot up on Mucho Marys stomach, and 
raised her arm in victory. The crowd went wild. Mucho Mary was just 
regaining consciousness, and knew what the end result was. No point in 
struggling now, no point in resisting. Submission to her smaller 
conqueror was the only option. Mary just lay there silently awaiting her 
fate.
	She didn't have to wait long. The crowd fell silent. Each man 
was wondering to himself just what Caroline was going to do to Mary. A 
look of fear now crossed Marys face as Caroline strutted around the 
room. Going over to the corner of the ring. Caroline produced a sports 
bag, and from the bag producer two large dildoes.
Walking up to Mary, she said, "Here you go lard ass! We'll just fill 
that gaping hole of yours you call a pussy with this! And this other one 
will fit right up your smelly asshole. She then stuck the dildoes right 
up her ass and pussy, and reaching over, turned on the switch.
	Mary just laid there buzzing with the dildoes inside her when 
Caroline stood over her face. "Eat me bitch!" she said sitting down on 
Marys face. Mary complied and started thrusting her tongue in and out of 
Carolines brown haired pussy. The crowd got quiet, and each man could 
feel his manhood rising and getting harder by the moment. Wilson could 
feel the drops starting to form at the end on his cock, and it was all 
he could do to keep from coming in his pants. Mary was moaning now and 
getting more and more aroused at both Carolines pussy and the vibrating 
dildoes. Caroline just kept pumping her cunt up and down on Marys face 
until finally she exploded in waves of orgasm. Getting off Mary, she 
removed both dildoes and told Mary to lick each one of them clean. Mary 
did what she was told. "Who's the superior woman?" Caroline asked. "You 
are, Mistress!" Mucho Mary said. "That's right!" Caroline said. "And 
now, you're going to lick my asshole for all these nice folks to see!" 
"Yes, Mistress!" said Mary.
	Caroline pushed Mary back down, and this time squatted over her 
face, pushing her asshole right up to Marys lips. Mary sucked for all 
she was worth which seemed like about five minutes. "Two minutes to go!" 
came the voice over the PA. Caroline looked at Mary. "Open your mouth, 
bitch!" said Caroline. Mary complied. Caroline than slipped her ass 
backwards, so her pussy rested right on Marys open mouth.
"If you spill one drop, I'm gonna spend my last minute kicking your fat 
ass as hard as I can! Do you understand, bitch?" "Yes Mistress!" said 
Mary. Then a hush fell over the crowd, and Caroline the Conqueror began 
to slowly pee in Marys mouth. Mary gurgled out a moan, but she complied. 
Caroline just smiled cruelly, looking down at Mucho Mary. She peed hard, 
her piss coming in spurts, until finally, the flow fell to a trickle, 
and then drops. Mary swallowed it all.
	"Times up!" came the voice over the P.A system. With that 
announcement, Caroline and Mary got up and left the ring, to the wild 
cheers of the crowd. Wilson was very excited, and found himself looking 
forward to the next bout.
	"Our main bout of the evening features two extraordinary dommes! 
Neither  has ever lost a bout in a combined 50 matches! This fight is to 
the submission with no holds barred!. A first here at Chambers; a mixed 
match! Entering the ring is our first contestant; Master Victor!"  
Victor, was a smallish, about 5'4", with an arrogant look about him. His 
hair was dark, and he was impeccably groomed. His body was in 
proportion, but not over developed. He waved to the crowd, and the 
crowd, being mostly male, acknowledged him with friendly cheers.
	"Now entering the ring, his opponent; Mistress Sheila!" A red 
spotlight hit the back of the room. Stepping into the spotlight was 
Sheila. Sheila had medium length, light blond hair. She wore a diamond 
sequined bathing suit, with a long glittery cape draping over her 
shoulders. Her legs were long and and her body was perfectly toned, the 
result of many an hour working out. Her face was very beautiful, but had 
a cold, hard, element to it. With her came two smallish sized men, each 
one holding the trail of her cape, to keep it from touching the ground. 
She was truly an erotic marvel.
	Wilson felt his manhood tug at his shorts as he settled back to 
watch the bout. He fantasized that he was the man, and what it would be 
like to be put in a struggle with such a dominant woman. He wondered 
what he would do to her if he won. Or, what she would do to him if he 
lost. Either way, it would be very exciting, he thought, and settled 
back in his chair to watch the match.
	The bell rang, and the two opponents circled one another. Victor 
assumed a low crouch stance and waited for Sheila to make the first 
move. Sheila circled slowly adapting a martial arts sort of pose. Each 
flicked out an occasional kick or punch that missed the mark, and caused 
no damage. Suddenly Sheila sprang quickly at Victor. A flurry of punches 
to Victors midsection landed so quickly, that Wilson could hardly see 
them. Victor sprang back crying out in pain. Sheila retreated and went 
back to her corner. Victor stayed in his corner rubbing his sore ribs. 
Shiela then surprised everyone by quickly stepping out of her bathing 
suit. Her naked body was absolutely fantastic, and the crowd applauded 
in admiration. Sheila responded by flexing her hard body for the crowd.
	Victor, seeing his opportunity attacked Sheila. He grabbed 
Sheila,  in a bear hug and began to squeeze with all his might. Sheila 
just grabbed both his arms and slowly overcame his grip. She pulled both 
his arms apart and away from her body with what seemed like no effort at 
all. A look of fear suddenly came upon Victors face, as he realized that 
he was no match for the better conditioned and stronger woman. Sheila 
than turned him around and like lightning, punched him three times right 
in the belly. She then karate kicked Victor with a quick kick to the 
jaw. Victor recoiled, in a daze and great pain. Sheila then proceeded to 
slowly but surely wear Victor down. She would approach quickly, land a 
blow and withdraw, before Victor could even react. Over and over, she 
did this, each time the barrage taking it's toll on the hapless Victor. 
Finally, Victor was getting dazed. His reactions were slowing each time.
	Sheila than stepped in for the coup de grace. Circling from the 
rear, Sheilla stepped out in front of Victor and pasted him like a 
punching bag. Eight blows in a row to all parts of Victors body. Victor 
could barely protect himself, his arms flailing to stop blows that had 
already landed. Finally, and mercifully, she held Victors chin in one 
hand, and with her right hand, launching a blow to Victors jaw. Victor 
hit the canvass like a ton of bricks, not moving, unconscious, and 
defeated.
	Putting her foot on Victors stomach, Sheila raised her arms in 
victory. Quickly and efficiently, one of the men in her corner handed 
her four restraints. Each restraint was fastened to one of Victors arms 
and legs and he was tied off at each corner of the ring. Sheila then 
walked over to Victors head, and squatted over his face. She then 
lowered her pussy to his face and strained for a second. A hot stream of 
yellow piss shot out of her pussy, spraying all over Victors face. 
Victor woke up almost instantly. Seeing his predicament, he struggled 
against the restraints, quickly realizing he was powerless to stop his 
stronger opponents antagonism. Resigning himself to his situation, a 
dull moan escaping his lips.
	Sheila never acknowledged him. It was as is she knew exactly 
where he was physically, and what he would stand. She walked over to one 
of the men in her corned and produced a large candle. The man servant 
lit the candle and Sheila walked with it over to the tied Victor. 
Turning her back to him, she sat on his stomach, facing his feet, and 
proceeded to drip the hot wax directly on his cock and balls. Victor 
tried to hold back the pain, but before long, found it unendurable, 
crying out in a long wail. Sheila  turned around and slapped him hard in 
the face. "Shut up!" she said, "Or I'll take a knife and cut them off 
permanently!" Victor quieted down, and Sheila went back to dripping wax 
on his balls. She did this for another couple of minutes with Victor 
stifling the pain, but not crying out.
	Looking out to the crowd, Sheila asked, "What do you want me to 
do to this poor excuse of a man?" One man cried out, "Smother him with 
you pussy!" Another yelled, "Piss on him again!" And a third cried out, 
"Fuck him in the ass!" Sheila just grinned. "I'll do that and more! 
Anything for my fans. But I never do things in a small way. Just make 
sure you keep that in mind!"
	Sheila than walked up to the tied up Victor and squatted her 
pussy over his face. "Eat it, dog!" she said. Victor complied tonguing 
and kissing her blond pussy. He worked on her pussy for a couple 
minutes, when she suddenly stood up. "You can't fight worth a shit! You 
can't even eat pussy worth a shit!" With that she produced a big 
strapping dildoe which she proceeded to shove up Victors ass. Stepping 
away, she beckoned to the back of the ring.  "OK girls," she said, "Give 
it all you've got!" With that, about twenty girls, all naked, stepped 
into the ring. One by one, the straddled Victors face. lowered their 
pussys to his lips and peed on his face. Each girl was different. Some 
were fat, some were thin, some black, some white, even an oriental. One 
black girl peed on Victors face for what seemed like an eternity, 
starting and stopping the stream over and over again. "This is really 
fun!" she said. "I've always wanted to piss on a white dude!" she said. 
Everyone broke into laughter. Poor Victor was practically getting 
drowned in pee, but the ladies just kept coming.
	Finally, the last one straddled Victors face, lowered her pussy, 
and peed. She got up, and kind of sauntered away, her hips swaying from 
side to side. Sheila then mounted Victors face, lowering her blond pussy 
to his face. "You're going to have to drink mine!" she laughed, as she 
forced Victor to open his mouth. "I hope you enjoy this, just as much as 
I'm going to enjoy giving it to you!" she said.
	With that, Sheila started peeing very slowly right into Victors 
open mouth. First, just dribbles, then, a stream. Sheila controlled the 
flow so that Victors mouth was always full, but never overflowing. When 
the last hot, burning, drops off pee had leaked out, Sheila suddenly 
shoved her pussy right over Victors face. Her cunt was smothering him, 
and he just gasped for air. Sheila toyed with him, keeping him starved 
for oxygen, on the verge of passing out, but raising her ass up just 
before he did, letting him gulp for air. Finally, she just sat there, 
bumping and grinding her cunt mercilessly on his face, until his body 
went limp.
	"Times up!" said the voice on the PA. With that, Mistress Sheila 
got off the face of Victor, and walked to her corner of the ring. Her 
menservants quickly pulled out towels, which they used to blot her pussy 
dry. Victor still laid there, unconscious, tied, and laying in what 
looked like an ocean of pee.
	Wilson could hardly believe his eyes. He had never seen 
domination like that, and it scarred him. It also aroused him in a way 
that he had never been aroused before. He was determined that he would 
meet Mistress Sheila. Maybe he would be the one to conquer her. Looking 
over at Victor, he realized what the consequences could be if he lost, 
but he felt the risk worthwhile. Besides, he was in much better shape 
than Victor was, and thought that Victor and Sheila was a mismatch 
anyway.
	Leaving the gallery, Wilson made his way down the corridor, 
where he had seen Sheila disappear with her entourage. He came to a 
dressing room, and cautiously knocked on the door. "Come in!" said a 
voice from within, which he immediately recognized as Sheilas'. "So, 
you've come!" said Sheila, her blond hair protruding from under a towel. 
"How did you know?" asked Wilson. "I could tell from the way you were 
watching me." said Sheila. "You think you might be able to make me 
submit to  your desires." she said. "Well, many have tried, and none 
have succeeded. All were to weak. All were humiliated and degraded. Is 
this what you want?" she asked. "I'm not sure." said Wilson. "Well, be 
sure of this!" she said. She suddenly grabbed Wilson by the hair, 
pulling his face into her pussy. "Suck it!" she said violently. "Lick 
it! Kiss it! Make me come if your man enough to!" she said. Wilson 
thought he'd lose half his hair if he didn't comply, so her started 
licking. Her cunt still smelled of pee, but he could also smell the 
smell of an aroused Sheila. He could taste her cunt juices starting to 
flow as his tongue rolled in the slipperiness of her cunt. Wilson had 
never seen a woman produce so much lubrication in such a short time, and 
found himself licking and kissing her pussy for all he was worth. Her 
cunt slowly started to contract, until Sheila found herself coming in 
waves of pleasure. Her pussy spasmed and shot a load of slippery juice 
into Wilsons anxiously waiting mouth. "That's a good boy!" said Sheila, 
a smile coming slowly to her face. "Well, I'm glad to see you're good 
for something!" she said. Leaning back, she lit a cigarette, and took a 
long drag.
	"You can stay with me for tonight." Sheila said. "After that, 
we'll see." Wilson was delighted. Sheila then led Wilson through a long 
winding corridor, up some stairs to an old Walnut stained door. Turning 
the key, she led Wilson inside. The apartment was lavish by even Wilsons 
standards. The furnishings were only the finest and it looked like there 
were at least ten other rooms off the main living area. "Nice place 
you've got." Wilson said. "It's not bad, but I've been thinking of 
moving into something that better meets my needs." said Sheila in a 
rather pleasant manner.
	A man servant appeared and carried a tray with cold beer and 
mixed drinks on it. He was completely nude, save for a dog collar which 
he wore around his neck. "Refreshments, Mistress?" "Yes, I think so." 
was the reply. "I always like a few cold beers after testing my athletic 
prowess." said Sheila. "And you. sir?" "Whiskey." was Wilsons reply. 
Raising her glass, Sheila said, "To Female Superiority!" Wilson raised 
his glass  touching hers.
	Sheila then dismissed the manservant, telling him to leave the 
cart and tray there. He quickly bowed and excused himself. 
	The conversation touched a number of subjects. Sheila told 
Wilson that she had been a dominatrix for about five years. She said she 
was happiest when she could use a man strictly for her pleasure. She 
made no bones about  herself and was completely honest. "I could have 
killed that man in the rink tonight." she said. "I could have ripped his 
balls off, and left him a eunuch for the rest of his life. I've seen it 
done here before, but that's not my way. I prefer to humiliate my 
victim; to make him pay through every fiber of his masculinity; to make 
my pussy his master." "Why did you choose to fight that guy, Victor?" 
Wilson asked. "Because, he tried to steal one of my menservants!" Sheila 
said. "I gave him every opportunity to apologize, but he would not, so I 
challenged him to the contest." she said. "I knew his male ego wouldn't 
let him pass it up, and I was right, and look what happened to him!" she 
said. Wilson smiled at the memory. 
	"My rules are simple." said Sheila. "If you can beat me, you can 
have me. If I beat you, I will have you. I have never been beaten. There 
are no rules to this contest. Do you wish to try?" "Yes." said Wilson. 
Sheila clapped her hands twice. A naked manservant appeared."Prepare the 
workout room!" she said. The manservant nodded and quickly left the 
room. "Well now, Wilson, drink up, and we'll see what kind of man you 
are!"
	Sheila led Wilson down the hallway into another room. This room 
was set up with weights, workout machines, and a center padded mat; the 
type used for high school wrestling matches. "This is my conditioning 
room." said Sheila. "Take off your clothes." said Sheila in a bland yet 
demanding voice. Wilson complied. "Well then," said Sheila, "let's go!"
	Wilson cautiously circled Sheila, remembering her lightning 
quick speed and strength. Sheila instead directly approached Wilson and 
immediately got him in a headlock. Wilson winced at the pain, and using 
all his strength, picked Sheila up off the ground. Sheila just poured on 
the power and Wilson could feel his neck muscles weaken. Sheila suddenly 
released her hold and swung Wilson around and grabbed him right by the 
balls. Sensing the very dangerous position he was getting himself int, 
Wilson responded by grabbing Sheila's pussy and inserting three fingers 
inside. Sheila quickly released Wilsons balls, but Wilson held on to 
Sheilas pussy for dear life. Sheila screamed out in pain as Wilson 
pulled and stretched her pussy lips. Wilson smiled to himself, thinking 
he had this bitch right where he wanted her. Leading her by her pussy 
lips, he pulled her down toward the mat. Letting go of her pussy, Wilson 
jumped on top of her, pinning her arms with his knees and shoulders. 
"Give up!" yelled Wilson triumphantly. Sheila just smiled and in a flash 
stretched her long legs over Wilsons shoulders pulling him backwards. 
Now she was on top of him, and in an instant turned backwards, pushing 
her beautiful, bare ass over his face and sitting down hard.
	Wilson found himself staring directly at her brown asshole. He 
could smell her asshole, and the feel the heat coming from her sweaty 
pussy. Sheila laughed with scorn, and said, "I told you no one has ever 
beaten me, and now you know why!" Wilson suddenly felt fear, yet found 
himself feeling aroused at the same time. Sheila just inched herself 
backwards until her cunt was directly over his mouth. "I want you to eat 
my pussy!" she said. Wilson immediately complied. 'This isn't so bad', 
Wilson thought to himself, and started licking her pussy. Once again, 
the copious liquid began flowing, and Wilson lapped it hungrily. He 
could feel Sheila star to stiffen with her arousal, and after a while 
felt her tense in orgasm. Sheila still just sat there on his face, her 
pussy resting gently on his lips.
	Suddenly, he felt something else. Sheila was stroking his cock. 
He couldn't believe how adept she was. Stroking in long even strokes, 
his erection grew and grew. He felt the spasms of orgasm beginning, and 
he came in a torrent of cum, his jism spurting over and over again. His 
body relaxed and went limp. But that wasn't what Sheila had in mind. Not 
even before the last spurt of cum was out of his body, Sheila began to 
slowly pee on Wilsons face. Wilson opened his mouth and began to drink 
her pee greedily. What started as a trickle, was now a torrent, and now 
Sheila tormented him while she peed. "You like having a strong woman 
like me peeing all over your face, don't you?" she asked tauntingly. 
"You like me to degrade you with the contempt of my waist, like the scum 
you are! Tell me you're not worthy even to taste my piss!" she demanded. 
"Please, Mistress Sheila," said Wilson, giving in to his deepest urges, 
"Please, piss on my face! I am only worthy to be your slave! I'll eat 
your pussy whenever you say! I'll drink your pee, whenever you want! 
I'll be your slave, forever!" said Wilson imploringly.
	With that, Sheila let loose one last spurt off hot piss, which 
Wilson lapped up, and got up off of Wilsons face. Wilson crawled towards 
her on all fours. Sheila spread her legs apart, and Wilson licked the 
last drops of pee and cum from her cunt. Sheila then handed him a dog 
collar. "As a reward for making me cum, you are now a member of my 
harem! Wear this as long as you stay here at Chambers. You will serve me 
only! Any disobedience will be met with instant discipline. From her on 
you shall be my human toilet! You will drink my piss, or even eat my 
shit if I so decide! Do you understand and accept this?" Shiela asked. 
"Yes, Mistress!" Wilson said.
	Wilson followed Mistress Sheila back to her room, and lay down 
at the foot of her bed, a slave, but happy within himself, because he 
had finally achieved his dream.
                               THE END

--
