Copyright © 1998,    Schulzie.     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this entire notice attached (both header & footer).  The 
author may be contacted by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.















Grandma's Window: Part Two (M/f+; teen; exhib;young femdom)

by Schulzie


I slept with a smile on my face that night. I had just finished putting on a masturbation show for four girls watching me through my grandmother's bedroom window, then listened to their comments as they sat out front near the living room window.

"I couldn't believe it," said one of the girls, "he was rubbing his dick right in front of us...four feet away."

"That was even better than last night," said another. "Even more shot out this time!"

"How about those push-ups he was doing? It looked like he was having sex with the Invisible Woman!" said one of the other girls. The other girls laughed.

One of the girls who had been there the night before was curious. "I still don't understand why he doesn't realize he's playing with his dick in front of the window with the curtains open. Anybody could walk by and see him. Do you think he knows we're watching him?"

The other girls couldn't believe the question. "If you were a guy," one girl offered, "would YOU play with yourself in front of an open window if you thought someone was watching? Wouldn't you be embarrassed?"

The other two girls agreed he must not have been thinking about the window or the possible display he might have been putting on.

One of the girls said, "You could tell he must have been really horny. Did you hear him moaning and groaning? And that grunt he made when he came? Uhhhnnn!" The group giggled when she imitated the sound of that last grunt I had made when I unloaded all over myself.

Still the first girl had her doubts. "Yes. If I were a guy, I'd be so embarrassed about playing with myself in front of another person. But I'm not a guy. And you know how guys are. Remember Billy Holton who used to live across the street? Remember how he was always trying to get us down in the laundry room to show us his dick? I know we were all embarrassed about seeing it and afraid of what he might do, which is why we never went down there with him. But some guys like showing  their dicks. Isn't it possible he showed us his dick on purpose?" 

"C'mon!" said the others, in unison.

Debbie, the only one whose name I knew, piped up. "That's different. Billy only wanted to show us his dick. This guy actually played with himself. He made himself come. No guy's gonna do that if he knows a bunch of us girls are watching, right?"

The first girl countered, "How do you know Billy wouldn't have played with himself in front of us? We never took him up on his offer to let him show it to us. Maybe if we had, he would have played with himself, too."

Another girl interrupted. "Look. What difference does it make whether he knew we were watching or not. I thought it was pretty awesome. He's got a great bod! Did you see his butt when he was doing those push-ups? God, it looked so hot going up and down."

"Yeah," said Debbie, "and I thought his dick looked good, too. I had always thought dicks were pretty dorky looking, but I'd never seen one hard before. God, it's so big! How are we supposed to fit that inside of us down there?"

The other girls roared with laughter and said, all at the same time, "One size fits all!" And the raucous laughter continued.

Inside the apartment, I listened to their discussion of my little show. From all they had to say, it was apparent they had enjoyed what they had seen. It was quite an eye opener for them, and it didn't do me any harm either. I looked at it as a mutual public service. They broadened their sexual knowledge, and I satisfied my exhibitionist urges. Pretty good deal, I thought.

But I was curious about the one girl who seemed to have an inkling that I had done the whole thing perfectly aware of them standing by the window and watching. I had, of course. But her skepticism worried me a little. It didn't seem to bother her that she got a free peek at me jerking off, but she seemed somewhat less than enthused that I might have done the whole thing on purpose. I couldn't think of why she was so obsessed with figuring out if I had planned the show.

But I got turned on by listening to the rest of their conversation as they recounted in great detail all that they had seen and heard as they had their noses up against the window screen. Even though they were teenagers, I still found them to be very attractive and appealing in their young, inexperienced way. Knowing what I know now about girls, I would love to have the chance to take each one of them and introduce them to the wonderful world of sex. Each one was so beautiful in their own different way. The skeptical one was a well-built brunette, very shapely, with long legs and a sexy little smile. Her friend who had been with her the first night I put on a show was blonde, a little on the skinny side, but with a terrific tan that seemed to cover every inch of the parts of her body that weren't covered. Debbie was the prettiest of all of them. She had very light, almost strawberry blonde hair that was long enough to reach nearly down to the small of her back. She was petite, with dainty little fingers. Her face was immaculate and clear-skinned, unlike the other girls who had varying degrees of adolescent blemishes. The fourth girl, the one who had joined the group last, was somewhat non-descript. She was a mousey, dirty blonde, very quiet and shy, who seemed not to fit in with the other girls.

As much as I was enjoying fantasies about having sex with these young creatures, I knew that now that I was in my early twenties these girls were strictly jail bait. None of them looked to be over 16, and I wasn't about to risk my future just to satisfy my sexual desires. Besides, I wouldn't be around too much longer. My grandmother would be home in a few days, I'd stick around another week or so until I knew she could manage for herself, then I'd be gone.

As it got later, the girls began to part company, going their own separate ways. Still turned on by the combination of their conversation and my fantasies, I had grown hard again. As I laid down on the sofa, I proceeded to stroke my cock for a quickie. It took me no time at all to jerk myself to an orgasm, and I fell asleep.

The next day, I got up around 10 a.m., showered, and headed out to shop for groceries and cleaning supplies. I had just about depleted Grandma of her available food since she had been in the hospital and wanted to replenish her pantry before she returned home. I also wanted to surprise her by cleaning the apartment from top to bottom so she wouldn't have to worry about that when she got home and recuperated.

A couple of hours later, I returned to the apartment complex. The trunk of my car was filled with bags of groceries and supplies, and I knew I would have to make several trips back and forth from my car to the apartment. As I pulled up to the front of Grandma's apartment building, there were the girls. All four of them were sitting on the front steps, talking and carrying on as usual. As I pulled up and turned off the car engine, they got quiet and began whispering to each other. I was obviously the topic of their secret conversation. I got out of the car, acting oblivious to their attention, and went to open the trunk to grab a couple of bags for the first trip. As I approached the building, they were quiet, pretending not to notice me at first. I acted as I normally did.

"Hi girls," I said, cheerfully as always.

"Oh, hi!", they said.

"Nice day, huh?" I added.

"Uh-huh."

That was the extent of the conversation as I made my way past them, opening the door to the building and stepped inside. Just as the door was about to close behind me, I heard them begin to snicker and giggle.

I dropped off the first of the bags I had carried in and headed back to the car for my second round. As I stepped outside the building, one girl - the skeptical one - said to me, "That's a lot of bags you've got in the trunk."

"Sure is." I responded.

"Can we help you carry them in?", asked Debbie.

I looked at them for a moment. All but the shy one looked back at me. They all seemed eager to help. I guess now that they "knew" me a little better than they had a few days ago, they felt a little freer to engage in more than just a "Hi, how are you?" type of conversation.

"Sure. Thanks," I said, "that would save me a lot of trips."

And with that, the girls followed me to my car. I grabbed some bags and each of the girls picked up a share of the remaining bags. Closing the trunk, I led the way to the apartment with the girls close behind. When we got into the apartment, I told the girls to set the bags down on the kitchen table and chairs.

"Thanks, girls." I said as they finished placing the bags down, "By the way, my name's Danny."

"Hi Danny!" said the skeptical one. "I'm Amy."

"Hi Amy."

"I'm Shannon," said the lithe blonde.

"How ya doin', Shannon?"

Debbie stuck out her hand. "You can call me Deb."

"Okay, Deb" I replied.

The shy one mumbled, "My name's Beth."

I repeated their names. "Okay, let's see. That's Amy, Shannon, Deb and Beth. That should be easy to remember. Thanks again for helping me."

"No problem," said Amy. "We've been meaning to say hi' since you moved in, but this was our first chance."

I corrected her. "You've said hi' before."

"Well, I mean, we wanted to introduce ourselves to you. That is, Shannon and I did. Deb and Beth hadn't seen you until..." she stopped herself, realizing she was about to say "last night" and finished by saying "...recently."

For a moment, there was a bit of tension in the room when Amy almost slipped. The girls had made eye contact with each other at Amy's near mistake, then breathed a quiet, collective sigh of relief as she recovered from the near disaster.

Shannon spoke up. "When did you move in, Danny? We didn't see any moving vans. There used to be a little old lady that lived here, but we never saw her move out. Hope she didn't die."

I laughed. "No. She's still alive. That's my grandmother. She's in the hospital for a couple of weeks. I'm just taking care of the place for her while she's away. You don't think I'd live in this apartment with all these little knick-knacks around, do you?"

The girls laughed as they looked around the apartment at what were obviously furnishings more suited for a sixty-five year old widow than a twenty-something year old guy. 

We talked for awhile. The girls asked a lot of questions about me. So I talked about college and stuff while they talked about high school and stuff. Shannon, Deb and Beth stuck close to me as we chatted. I had worn my skimpy cutoffs and I caught them checking my crotch out as we talked. Their glances didn't last long, but it was fun watching their eyes go up and down from my face and back down to my cutoffs every so often, as though they expected my cock to pop out and explode right in front of them.

Meanwhile, Amy was walking around the apartment checking things out. If I didn't know better, I would have thought she was a thief casing the place. She stepped down the hallway and peeped in Grandma's bedroom. When she wandered back into the living room, she said, "So, do you sleep in your grandmother's bed since she's not here? I notice there's only one bedroom."

"No," I told her, "I sleep out here on the sofa."

She cocked her head, and gave me a curious look. Then she grinned. I continued talking to the other girls. Quietly, Amy pulled Shannon aside and whispered something in her ear. They both exchanged whispered messages back and forth with each other until Shannon looked at Amy and mouthed the word, "Really?"

I was curious about their secret discussion and it didn't take me too long to find out what it was.

"Danny?" said Amy.

"Yes?"

"Does your grandmother know you play with your dick in her bed?

Time froze. The other girls stood there, mouths open, looking at Amy. They were in total shock, disbelieving what they had just heard Amy ask me. I looked at Amy and she just stood there looking me right in the eye. Shannon stood next to her, smirking.

"Amy!", gasped Deb.

Beth just turned beet red.

I tried to get words out, but they were slow coming."Amy, I don't know what..."

She cut me off in mid-sentence. "Danny, a couple of night ago Shannon and I were out back taking laundry off the line. We could see you in your grandmother's bedroom playing with yourself. We could see everything. I mean EVERYTHING."

Shannon added, "Yeah, we saw you come."

Amy continued. "And then last night, all four of us were back there, and you were playing with your dick again. Isn't that right, guys?" Shannon nodded in agreement while the others just stood there silent.

"We could hear and see everything, Danny," boasted Shannon. "We watched you rubbing your dick and saw you come again."

"And then," Amy said, taking the conversation back over, "we started talking about it, and I said I thought you did the whole thing on purpose. I told the others that you knew we were back there the whole time. You were masturbating for us. You wanted us to watch you, didn't you?"

I lied. "I did no such thing. How dare you peep in other people's windows!", I said, feigning contempt.

"Most people would close the curtains, maybe even turn off the lights if they're doing something private like having sex or...playing with themselves," added Amy. You did it on purpose. Admit it.

Again I denied her accusation, though I'm not sure I was very convincing.

Amy grinned mischievously. "I wonder what your grandmother would think if we told her what we saw you doing in her bedroom."

"You wouldn't." That was all I could say as I realized she was plotting a little blackmail scheme. I began to wonder what she was going to demand for my silence. I didn't have any money to speak of and most of my possessions were back home.

"Tell the truth, Danny. Weren't you deliberately putting on a show for us?"

All four girls stood there waiting for my answer. Even if I were innocent, they had me. The last thing I wanted was for them to tell my grandmother that they had seen me jerking off. I'd be so embarrassed if she knew. Maybe she wouldn't believe them, but hey had seen the room, knew what furniture was in there, knew how things were laid out, and if they gave her enough details, she might just believe them. There was no way I wanted Grandma to find out I had exposed myself - and jerked off - in front of these girls. I was prepared to pay just about any price to keep them quiet.

I looked down, embarrassed, and came clean. "Okay. Yes. I knew you were there the whole time."

"I told you so," said Amy to the others.

"You're not going to tell my grandmother now, are you?", I pleaded.

"No, we won't tell your grandmother, Danny. We won't say a word, will we?", Amy said, looking at the others. "If..."

Here it comes. I knew there would be a condition in return for them keeping their mouths shut.

"Excuse us a minute, Danny. We need to discuss this among ourselves."

And then, Amy gathered the girls around her in a little huddle. Very quietly, Amy whispered something to her little co-conspirators. As she talked, the girls listened intently, eyes widening, big grins forming on their faces. I wish I could've heard what Amy was saying but her whispers were way too low in volume for me to pick up a single word. The other girls were obviously enjoying the plan she was hatching. They began to giggle as she explained to them what she had in mind. At one point, Shannon looked at Amy and said, "You wouldn't?!", and Amy just nodded and grinned an evil grin.

"Agreed?" Amy inquired of the others.

"Agreed," they affirmed, giggling and giving each other high fives as the huddle broke up.

Amy led the others back over to me and spoke for the group. "We've discussed the matter over very carefully," she said, entertaining her friends with her business-like demeanor. "We are prepared to make the following proposal. We promise not to tell your grandmother if you..." she said, pausing for dramatic effect, "...put on another show for us."

I was immediately relieved. Put on another show? Is that all they wanted? Couldn't they already figure out I had enjoyed giving them a show last night?

"Didn't you get a show last night? Wasn't that enough? You want another show? Is that all?" I asked, not believing I was getting off that easy. There was nothing that would have please me more than to do it again; to let them watch me jerking off. This was way too easy a price to pay for their silence. "What's the catch?"

"Only that this time we get to be in the room with you, and that this time EVERYBODY gets to see EVERYTHING from start to finish," Amy explained.

"Oh, and if we decide we want to touch your dick, you'll let us, right?"
If these were their terms, how could I possibly turn them down?

"You want to get started right now?" I asked.

Amy shook her head. "How about tomorrow around noon?"

"I'll be waiting."



to be continued




OTHER STORIES BY SCHULZIE CAN BE FOUND AT:  www.mrdouble.com/schulzie.htm
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....