Copyright © 1998,    Schulzie.     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this entire notice attached (both header & footer).  The 
author may be contacted by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.

















Grandma's Window: Part One (M/f+; teen; exhib; solo mast)

by Schulzie


When I was in college, I had to spend part of a summer at my 
grandmother's apartment because she had to be hospitalized for a few weeks. 
Part of the time I spent at the hospital visiting her, the rest of the 
time I stayed at her apartment, feeding the cats, watering the plants, 
etc.

My grandmother lived on the first floor of an apartment building. Her 
bedroom window faced the back where there were clotheslines for those 
residents who preferred the fresh air approach to drying clothes as 
opposed to putting them in the dryer.

There were a couple of teenaged girls who also lived in the building. They 
were cute, and from their conversations on the front steps that I could 
overhear from an open window, they were also boy crazy and very curious 
about all things sexual. From time to time, they would be sitting on the front steps of the
apartment when I would return from the hospital. Though I had never introduced myself to them,
we always exchanged greetings. I was not that much older than they were so I still found them close
enough in age to be reasonably attracted to them. I think the feeling was mutual because I always
had a feeling they were checking me out as I approached them.  Once or twice I had heard some
giggles after I had gone into the building that confirmed they found me attractive, not to mention
the fact that from my grandmother's front windows, I could hear some barely whispered remarks
about me and various parts of my body.

Late one morning I happened to see one of those girls in the back 
hanging up clothes on the line. I briefly considered flashing her, but 
realized that with the way the sun was shining, it was highly unlikely 
she would be able to see me unless I came right up to the window, which 
would be too obvious.

Later that evening, after I had just taken a shower, that girl and one 
of her friends were sitting out front talking when I heard her mother 
yell out of an upper floor apartment window to go get the clothes that 
were still on the line. The girl asked her friend if she wanted to come 
along. She said "yeah", and the girl went up to her apartment to get a 
basket for the clothes.

This was my chance. Since the sun was close to setting, there was still 
a little bit of light left outside for me to see them and, if I turned 
all the lights on in Grandma's bedroom, they would be able to see me. I 
quickly undressed and threw a towel around me. I went into my 
grandmother's room, left the curtains open, pulled the shades down about 
halfway, and made sure the windows were open so I might hear them and 
vice versa.

I waited in the room with the lights off, sat on the edge of the bed 
stroking my cock into a partial erection and waited for them to come to 
the back of the apartment building. Within a minute or so, I could hear 
them approaching the clothes line. They were having a conversation, and 
I peeked out to see if they were in a position to see the windows. Yes! 
They were facing in my direction so I got up, turned on the lights, and 
pretended I had just come from the shower. Within seconds of turning on 
the lights, their conversation stopped when I heard one of the girls 
say, "Look."

There I was walking around with nothing but a towel on, my semi-erect 
dick sticking up a little bit under the towel, and I knew I had their 
attention. I didn't dare look in the direction of the windows so it 
wouldn't seem I was aware of their presence. I went through the motion 
of putting on some deoderent, then came the big moment. I took off the 
towel and began to began to dry my hair with it. I could hear them 
whispering, though I could not make out a word they were saying. I 
paraded around the room for awhile to give them a good show. I made sure my cock was facing the
window as much as possible. I would also give it an occasional tug to keep my partial hard-on as
long as I possibly could.

Prior to this incident, whenever I had flashed a girl, I had never done 
anything other than show off my cock. But since I had an interested 
audience, I decided to take this event to a higher level. I've always gotten a bit of a thrill showing
myself off to girls who I thought might be unacquainted with the male body. From some of their
conversations I overheard, it seemed obvious these girls were either virgins or very sexually
inexperienced. I suppose I took it upon myself to provided some sex education they normally don't
get in school.

 I threw the towel to the floor and laid down on the bed. I started jerking off for 
the girls. I started slowly, almost lazily stroking my cock. As I did, 
the whispering stopped and I could hear, faintly at first, the sound of 
footsteps slowly coming closer to the window. I only hoped that they 
were the only ones back there and that nobody else had come along. I 
could hear the "crunching" of their feet on the grass in the back, and 
was sure they were pretty close to the window. I proceeded to pick up 
the pace, which caused my dick to grow to a full erection. In later 
years, I learned how to slow the action down to enjoy the experience a 
little longer, but since this was the first time I had ever masturbated 
for an audience I was a little nervous and made quick work of it. I stroked my cock a little faster,
pulling it upward and at such an angle that they would get the best possible view of it from their
spot outside the window. After a few minutes of concentrated rubbing, I came, made a few
intentionally loud moans and groans in the process, and shot my load all over my chest and
stomach. I just laid there with my eyes closed afterwards until I could hear the sound of them
quietly walking away.

I got up a minute later and turned off the lights. Looking out through 
the window, now that I could not be seen, I saw them hurriedly take the 
rest of the clothes off the line and start to head toward the front of 
the building. I rushed out to the living room and stood near the front 
window to listen to them. When they got to the steps they were talking 
with excitement in their voices.

"Did you see that?", one asked.

"Yeah, and could you believe how much came out? I didn't know that much 
came out!"

"I can't believe we just saw him playing with his dick. Didn't he know the curtains were open?"

"He must really have been horny!"

Then the first one began to imitate me stroking my dick and made 
grunting and groaning sounds. Both girls giggled. 

They started to go into the building and one of them said, "We've got to 
tell Debbie about this. Maybe he'll do it again tomorrow night. If we 
can get her over here, maybe she'll see him, too."

Well, Debbie did come over the next night. As they sat out front, I 
could hear some of their whispered conversation from the living room as 
I stood near the window. The two girls from last night were describing 
in great detail what they had seen the night before. Peeking through the 
curtains, I could watch them as they talked. Debbie asked them how big I 
was (referring to my penis), and one of the girls made like an 
exaggerating fisherman and held her hands wide apart. (This was 
flattering, but as an aside, I am much closer to seven inches than I am 
to two feet.)

Debbie wanted to know if they were sure they had actually seen me cum.

"Jesus," said one of the girls, "we were practically right up against the window. We could see the
head of his dick start to swell up while he was playing with himself, and then..."

"...it shot out of his dick, all over him," said the other girl, finishing her friend's answer. 

Then one of the girls said, "Let's go see if his lights 
are on." They started to walk toward the back when from a distance I 
heard another girl call out their names. The girls waited for the fourth 
girl. When she caught up to them, they let her in on what they were up 
to, and all four of them started to head to the back of the building.

Four girls! Being a compulsive exhibitionist, this was too good to be true. I had never deliberately
exposed myself to that many girls at once. Now there were four girls who wanted to see my cock
and watch me jerk off right in front of them. I quickly got 
myself prepared with the old towel trick, and had the light already on 
when I could hear them quietly approach the window.

When I could tell they were in position, I walked around the room in full view of the window. For
all they knew, I was totally unaware of their presence right outside. I tried to act as normally as I
would if no one were in the room. I walked over to the dresser and began to brush my hair. In the
mirror, I could see the window. Through the window screen, I could barely detect their faces off in
the darkness of the evening. The light coming from the room was shining enough through the screen
that it very slightly illuminated the features of their faces. I tried not to glance in the mirror at
them too much, but I could see their was a look of excitement and anticipation on their faces as they
watched and waited to see if I was going to drop my towel anytime soon. I could see Debbie, one of
the newcomers, whisper something in the ear of one of the girls who had been at the window last
night. They exchanged whispers back and forth a few times and I'm sure my cock was the topic of
conversation between them.

The idea that the girls were anxiously awaiting a show from me made my penis start to harden. At
this point I still had my back to them. Maybe, I thought, I should tease them a little tonight. I
continued brushing my hair, but stopped for a minute to take the towel off, exposing my ass to
them. I peek at them in the mirror and saw their faces light up and eyes widen as they inspected
my naked ass. I saw one of the girls poke another with her elbow as they looked me over from top to
bottom. My cock was continuing to grow from the excitement I felt, and I immediately came up with
an idea.

I finished brushing my hair and turned around, exposing the front of my body to them.
I wanted them to get a longer show than the one I gave them the night before. So I dropped to the
floor and began to put on a little exercise demonstration for them. I positioned myself on my back
with my cock and my balls down near the window, and proceeded to do some sit ups and crunches.
By doing so, I forced them to take a few steps forward to get a better view. And what a view it was.
They could now get a very clear, close-up view of my partially erect cock and my balls as I
exercised in front of them, grunting as I did, and flaring my nostrils in what I hoped would be
sexually suggestive to them. By the sound of their footsteps on the dry grass outside, I could tell
they were stepping closer to the window. I could swear I heard bearly audible breathing from the
window. The thought that they might be getting turned on watching me go through my little
exercise routine was turning me on. I wonder if they were noticing that my cock, which had been
flopping around in front of them, was beginning to rise and stiffen, as my excitement continued to
grow.

I thought it might be time to give them a different perspective. I finished my sit-ups and turned
over to do some push-ups. Now, they could see my ass close-up as I began to do a series of
push-ups for their benefit. As I did, I tightened my ass muscles as I lowered myself, then unflexed
as my ass came back up. I wondered if they could picture me on top of a girl fucking her pussy with
the up and down motions I was showing them. If so, I decided to help them along a little bit. Every
time I thrust downward, I grunted. Up and down, "uhh". Up and down, "uhh."  By now, I had a
complete erection. I adjusted my position again so they would have a side view of me doing my push
ups.
Instead of doing standard push-ups, I guess you could say I was doing "push-ins," as I started to
simulate intercourse by thrusting my cock forward into an imaginary pussy, still grunting as I
did, only a little louder and with more emphasis than before. My arms were starting to get a little
tired, but I think I had accomplished what I had set out to do. I knew I had their undivided attention.

Now was the time for the grand finale. I stood up and headed for the bed. Unlike last night, I lay
across the bed with my head near the side closest to the window. I figured they might be bold
enough to get right up against the screen knowing I wouldn't be able to see the window. Now they
would be able to see the head of my cock facing them and when I did come they would be able to see
it fly out of my cock...right in their direction. And with everything now in place, I grabbed my
hard-on.

From outside, I heard someone whisper: "Look. He's gonna do it again." Followed up with another
voice going, "Shhhh."

That was all I needed to get started. I began stroking my cock very, very slowly. I wanted this
display to last much longer than last night's did. My right hand rubbed slowly, up and down the
length of my shaft, and as my fingers reached the head I'd give it a little squeeze. I also added the
occasional hip thrust to bring my cock an inch or two closer to their eyes. 

Then I worked my cock a little faster, keeping up a steady pace, and allowing my breathing to keep
pace with my strokes. I knew the girls were as close as they could possibly be without actually
being in the room because every now and then I could hear the sound of the window screen being
pushed slightly, probably the result of their noses pushing up against it.

Now, I reached down with my left hand to play with my balls. I rubbed my scrotal sac gently as I
started to stroke my cock with greater speed. I decided that if the girls wanted a show, they were
going to get one. I began putting everything I had into bringing myself off. I started to grind my
hips and alternated that with very forceful thrusts as I worked my cock for all it was worth. To
give them a little sound, I started to grunt and groan, mumbling for their benefit, "Oh, God, yeah"
and "Oh, fuck, this feels so damned good." I was stroking madly, and I could very distinctly hear
them breathing at the window. My excitement was turning them on even more, and their
excitement was bringing me to the point of no return. I knew I wouldn't last much longer.

I wanted to alert them that the show was nearly over. I lifted my hips up off the bed and began
moving my hand along the shaft of my cock as fast as I could. My left hand was still on my balls, and
my vocal noises were becoming more urgent. "Oh, Jesus. Oh, yeah. God, I'm gonna cum. Oh, God,
yeah. I'm coming!!"

Cum was shooting out of my cock causing me to grunt loudly. At almost the exact second, I heard
several audible gasps from my audience. My hot white semen was blasting out all over me,
covering my chest and stomach with a coating of my creamy goo. A few drops of that first blast had
even shot high in the air and landed on my face. I continued stroking my cock, grunting, and just
generally being out of control as a few more waves of jism were fired off from my cannon-like
cock. I slowed down my rubbing until, at last, the final dribbles made their way from my pisshole
to my fingers and finally landed on my stomach.

I was exhausted. What had started out to be merely a little show for the girls had turned out to be
one of the most powerful orgasms I had ever had. My hips fell back to the bed, my hands fell to my
sides, and my eyes closed as I recovered from the pleasure I had just given myself...and the little
audience outside.

I knew they were still out there. I could hear breathing and vague whispering coming from the
window. They must have been taking in the sight of my nakedness and the numerous little puddles
of cum on my chest and stomach. The knowledge that they had stood there and watched as I brought
myself off to such an explosive cum was an exciting thought to me. I didn't know how long I could
continue lying there being watched by those four cute teenagers, but I was enjoying the attention
for as long as I possibly could.

In a few minutes, I began to hear their footsteps. They were moving away from the window and as
they slowly walked away, I could hear them begin to talk among themselves as they turned the
corner to go to the front of the building.

It was now time to move to the living room window to hear the "critic's reviews."


To be continued

OTHER GREAT STORIES BY SCHULZIE CAN BE FOUND AT: www.mrdouble.com/schulzie.htm
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....