They landed in Denver, it was overcast and gray. The rental agency had their
four-wheel drive vehicle ready, when they arrived. It was a little more than an
hour trip to Winterpark, their favorite ski location. They rented a place in
the same part of town, like they did every year. After stopping at the managers
office, they proceeded up to the condo.

It was a small one bedroom place, but since they spent most of their time on
the slopes, they didn't need anything bigger. As long as they could re-heat
leftovers and fix a hot drink or two, they'd be fine. 

They unpacked and settled in for the night, a big day of skiing waited for
them, tomorrow. They were both accomplished skiers, having both skied most of
their lives, no rented equipment for them. Unpacking, she examined her ski
outfit, one piece coverall, jacket, gloves, thermals, bikini ("only if it's
warm enough", she thought) and boots. Meanwhile, he built a cozy fire to warm
up the place.

He put on a pot of coffee for the khalua, as the fire's warmth spread through
the livingroom. She came into the room wearing only her thermals, they clung to
every curve of her body. He always liked the look of her tight body in a sock,
he poured the coffee and khalua for both of them. Sitting on the couch facing
the fire, they discussed tomorrow runs and drank the hot brew. They decided to
go to their favorite diamond run around noon, it would be warmest then...

Starting on their third round, the room became very warm, he removed most of
his clothes leaving only his thermals. They moved to the floor in front of the
fireplace, kissing and snuggling on the heavy rug. They held back from all out
passion, as they would need their strength tomorrow. "But he always sleeps
better after he's been satified", she thought, stroking him through the warm
thermals. He stared into the fire, knowing what was coming, waiting, wanting...

She could feel him harden under the garment, a small spot appearing in the
front. She didn't want his clothes to get soiled, so she pulled the bottom part
of his thermals down to exposed him. He leaned back, spreading his legs out to
give her access. She hummed softly, like a child looking at a lollipop. She
stretched out on the rug, pulling herself up on her elbows, directly over his
thickening sex. She knew how he liked it, over the years she'd lost count of
the number of times, she always like the taste of him. Slowly she flicked her
tongue, teasing him. He relaxed against the couch, watching her work. She
nibbled down the hot shaft, sucking his skin into her mouth at the bottom, back
up to the top. Taking it into her mouth, she looked up into his eyes for his
reaction, he rolled back his eyes, as always, groaning in pleasure. Cupping
him, between his thighs, she began a long slow stroke, tongue working back and
forth, then around the top. back down, taking nearly the entire length into
herself. He ran his fingers through her hair as she found her rhythm. She came
up for air, licking her lips, staring him in the eye, her hand caressing the
his sex, slick from her attention. He couldn't hold back any more, his legs
went rigid, she knew his time had arrived. She quickly took him back between
her lips, pumping furiously, anticipating every drop. He exploded, sending his
load to the back of her throat. She greedily drank it down, squeezing him for
it all.

She sat up, licking her lips, making sure she didn't miss any. He was breathing
hard, looking at her from his colapsed position. "Wait till I get you on the
slopes tomorrow", he managed, between gasps. She giggled, "I'm going to bed
now, I guess I'll need all the rest I can get." With that she got up, put away
the cups and headed to bed.

He sat awhile, recovering from another great encounter with the woman of his
dreams, staring into the fire. He smiled, life was good, He would make her
happy tomorrow. Her fantasy would once again be fulfilled...

He woke to the smell of fresh coffee brewing. He smiled, she's really
something, he thought. She entered, carrying a tray with muffins, (no not
hers), brie cheese, cherry preserves, and of course, hot coffee. She wore a
very small, and tight, maids outfit!

She remembered!, he thought. In her worst french accent, she purred, "Here is
your breakfast, sir, can I interest you in any other services before I clean
up?" 

He could barely contain himself, her bare skin peeked out from beneath the
ruffled bottom of the short maid mini! The sheet began to rise in front of him,
she noticed, "Sir!, allow me to take care of that nasty problem for you." He
leaned back, smiling, allowing her to tend to her duties. She paced her hands
over the bulge in the sheets, pulling the cloth tight over his hardening sex.
She began slowly stroking it through the thin film, took the whole thing in her
mouth, bit gently, then out. She giggled, as she noticed the effect she was
having on him. She began wiggling her exposed derriere in his face as she
pulled the sheet loose from the foot of the bed to uncover him.

He opened his eyes to behold her glisening lips in his face. He grabbed the
edge of her uniform, and slowly pulled her opening to his face. As his tongue
entered her, as she uncovered his manhood. She sucked air as she lowered her
lips to him, they began breakfast...

The muffins were cold by the time they got to them, but they didn't care. He
spread the brie and cherries two, handing one to her. His twinkling eyes,
wrinkled in the corners, said all the thanks she needed. After coffee, they got
dress and pack their gear for the slopes. The four-wheel drive vehicle came in
handy as a foot and a half of new snow had fallen during the night. Parking,
they suited up, grabbed their skis and headed for the lifts. They skied for
most of the morning in the advanced runs, warming up for the diamonds. After a
light lunch, and plenty of hot coca, they headed for the western most diamond
run, double diamond...

It was early afternoon when they reached the top of the run, she quivered in
her warm suit, he knew she would be itching to get going. He teased her by
waiting, poised at the edge, grinning at her. She yelled, "I'm going, if your
late, I'll start without you!", she kicked up and down she went...

A second later, he leaped off the edge and went nearly vertical, snow whipped
past his head as he cut, cut again. The thrashing began, turning fast and
furious. He began running father to the right, near the edge, looking for her
trail. There!, no, cut, cut, yes, I see it now, he thought. Near a boulder, the
size of a house, and a huge sugar pine was a small opening. A single faint set
of ski trails led through the opening, he followed.

Around the boulder he went, he had to be careful, the snow was deep and
powdery. After the boulder, the hill rose slightly, then turned again to the
west, he followed. At last he entered a clearing, set back into the mountain,
she was there. The opening sloped gently down, but was almost flat. It offered
the most magnificient view of the Rocky Mountains in Winter Park, and only they
knew about it...

She was spreading a down sleeping bag on the slope, she looked up as he turned
the corner. "So, you made it", she said, teasing him. She wore her ski suit,
all her gear was leaning against the mountain's shear cliff overhang. She
reclined on the bag and pulled the zipper on her suit fully half way down,
exposing her bare skin to the sun, gleaming off the deep snow pack. He looked
funny, trying the walk fast in his ski, with his suit sticking out in front.

He put his gear away and joined her on the bag, she had her eyes closed,
feeling the cold air caressing her cleavage. She pulled the zipper down to just
under her crotch. Her nipples stood rocky hard, straight up, as she leaned back
in the snow. He was staying in his suit, watching her enjoy the view, the snow,
the cold, the fantasy...

He pulled his glove off and gently stroked her now fridged body, cupping each
breast, covering the cold nipples. With her head back, eyes closed, she started
breathing deeply. He ran his hand down her tight belly, ran his finger around
his navel. He plunged his hand into her crotch, probing her recesses with his
finger. As he suspected, she was a swamp in her own juices, hotter than july in
Death Valley.

Sitting up, he pulled her zipper down to her knee, she laid limp, lost in her
frosty world. He tasted her breasts, licking each one in turn, flicking them
with his tongue, nibbling ever so gently. With half his body off in the snow,
he moved between her thighs, a musky odor reached for his senses. He rolled
each fold of her around his tongue and lips, chewing lightly here, there,
biting the hidden point, sucking. She moaned, far away, deep...

His ears stung from the cold, but it didn't affect her in the least. She bucked
against his searching, probing mouth. She came to life, clutching his head,
pulling him tighter into her seething valley. Holding her legs, he continued to
caress her point, making it grow, swell inside his mouth. Her back arched as
she bit her lip to stifle the scream rising in her throat. Reaching out, she
sunk her hands into the snow, as her body jerked to the tune he played inside
her. Wave after wave of fire washed over her body, melting the ice within her
mind, cleansing her soul.

She smiled as her heavy lidded eyes opened to see her man, that understanding
face, loving eyes, and hot tongue! "God, I love him", she thought. She sat up,
toying with his zipper, "How about we wrestle in the snow for bottom rights?"
Smiling, he said, "Now, now, you're the one who likes the cold, not me." She
smiled back, "Alright, but hurry up, I'm so horny, I could do my ski poles."

He quickly removed his boots, suit, gloves, all, burying himself in the goose
down bag. He pulled the bag over his feet and half way up his legs. She
giggled, watching him shiver in the cold, she would warm him up soon enough...

Removing the rest of her clothes, she straddled his exposed hips. She laid down
on his chest, nuzzling his neck, feeling the cold air on her back. He gently
kissed her temple, stroking her hair, holding her to him. She felt so warm, it
didn't seem possible, considering where they were. But it was fact, he could
feel her warmth radiating down his thigh, hot as lava flowing from within
mother earth. Slowly she began sliding up and down his body, rubbing her hot
love over him. She could feel him filling with hot blood, swelling in size,
getting ready...

She knew how to tease him, she slid only far enough to wet him and caress him.
He loved every minute, finally, he could take no more, grabbing her hips he
pulled her up and let go. She slid down, like a ship heading for dock, he
plunged into her belly. They gasped together, feeling the fires start, deep
inside. She turned her hips to get the most of him she could, feeling his every
contour. She slowly slid up and down, planting her knees in the snow, holding
on to his shoulders. He cupped her cheeks in his hands, pulling her up, letting
her slide down, up, down...

She pushed herself up to a sitting position with him completely within her. He
reached up, placed his hands just under her breasts for support. She started
bouncing, gently at first, then harder. Cold wind blew through her hair,
whipping it around her face, she looked like a wild animal, in heat. With each
landing she drove him deep inside, he could feel the weight of her on his
hands. He reached up with a thumb to caress her nipples, they were so hard!

She moved her hands to his chest, taking each of his nipples between her thumb
and hand, squeezing as she rode her man. She loved to be on top, she could
drive him so deep! His hands moved down to her hips as he began rising to meet
her flesh as it asailed his body. He could feel them settle as their heat
warmed the new powder under them.

Her body warmed under his hand, he knew she would soon erupt. He slowed their
pace, wanting to love her forever. He could feel his own surge coming, it would
be worth waiting all year for! Her head snapped back as her throat gurgled
incoherantly. The savage passion written on his woman's face was to much for
him, his release came almost immediately, without warning, like a dam bursting.
He screamed into the bag, his head grinding into the fabric, he nearly bucked
her off. She hung on, feeling the super hot fluid enter her, Oh god, again,
yes, AGAIN. She squeezed him again, a tidal wave of fire washed over her again,
harder this time, fuller, hotter, better...

In his excitement, his mind forgot to tell his sex to let go, he stayed hard,
very hard. She slowly sank down to his chest, sliding as far down as she could,
impaled as she was on him. She worked her hips, massaging him slowly, slipping
into another world, the cold closing in on her, the light fading...

He pulled the bag over their exhausted bodies, careful not to disturb her
slumbering form. He slipped into darkness himself, feeling her muscles twitch
inside her, giving him reason to maintain the hard link, tying their bodies
together, forever. As he sank into the abyss, he noted that he really didn't
mind the cold all that much... 


