						 Wishes


      Leigh and Hugh had been married for 7 years and while they had a
good, solid marriage, the sparkle seemed to be gone.  Or at least that is
how Leigh felt.   She yearned for the romantic early days of their
courtship and marriage.  She tried to explain to Hugh how she felt but
couldn't quite seem to make him understand.   He was content and didn't
see why she wouldn't be.  Leigh just resigned herself to a comfortable, if
slightly dull, marriage.  To try and satisfy her desires, at least
vicariously, Leigh spent a lot of time buried in historical romances.  Oh
how she longed to be adored and manhandled!  She craved passion!  If she
couldn't have it in real life, then she was going to have it in fiction,
even if it meant ignoring Hugh's snide remarks about her choice of reading
material.

     This was the state of affairs when Susan, a friend of Leigh's, opened
Pandora's box and introduced Leigh to the Internet.   More specifically,
Susan gave her a printed list of Usenet groups.  Leigh could hardly
believe that there were so many different interest groups.  Both Leigh and
Susan had an interest in gourmet cooking and Susan suggested that she take
a look at rec.food.recipes and said that there were a lot of interesting
recipes posted.   Leigh promised her  that she would take a look and then
get back to her about it.

      Because Leigh had a fledgling desktop publishing business, she spent
a great deal of time in front of her computer.  So the very next day after
she got the list from Susan, she started going through it while waiting
for some proof pages to be printed.  She couldn't believe some of the
listings.  Since she was generally an open-minded person, she just shook
her head and thought each to his own.  She did a double take when she saw
one of the listings- alt.sex.spanking.  Leigh couldn't believe that there
was actually a listing for group devoted to her secret interest!  She
could hardly believe that there were other people who shared her interest,
enough for a newsgroup even.  It was hard for her to comprehend that
people would talk about it.  She had never told a living soul about her
special interest, even Hugh.   *Especially not Hugh*!   He meant too much
to her for her to ever risk telling him and having him think that she was
some kind of weirdo.

      Leigh's printer finished with the pages that she was waiting for and
she got back to work but the words alt.sex.spanking kept running through
her head.  She kept wondering what went on in the group.  What kind of
people would be involved?  She tried to keep her mind on her work but it
was useless; she just had to find out what it was like.  Since she already
had Internet access through a commercial account and knew how to access
the newgroups, it wasn't long before she got a look at a dazzling array of
subject listings.  A few were listed as being stories and she went to
those immediately.  The first one told of a first time spanking involving
a couple who met through email.  Leigh could barely sit still while
reading it!  It was just too delicious!  Leigh could imagine every smack
that the girl got and the man in the story mixed sexual stimulation with
the spanking.  Oh God, it was almost more than Leigh could handle!   She
was getting wet and frantic from just reading the story!  She couldn't
help it; she reached into her shorts and made herself cum.  What a
release!  Afterwards she just sat in her chair for a little while until
she realized that she was still on-line.  Coming to her senses, Leigh knew
that  she had better stop wasting on-line time so she hastily exited. 
Once off-line, she continued to just sit in her chair and think about what
she had just read.

	Leigh had always devoured any spanking scene that she had come
across in her reading.  Each one she read over and over, committing it  to
memory.  She had kept several books for years because they had her
favorite spanking scenes in them.  She had them well hidden away but got
them out from time to time to enjoy when she was alone.  She was
especially prone to do this when Hugh was away and she was horny.  The
story she just read was different somehow, though, from the ones she was
used to but she wasn't sure why.  Suddenly, it hit her- this story seemed
more real.  It seemed like something that could actually happen.  She
wondered if real people did things like this.   Maybe people wrote about
their actual experiences too.  She sure hoped so!   She couldn't wait to
find out and went back to the computer to find out.   She kept trying to
get into her commercial account but it wouldn't let her on.  It was
driving her nuts!  After about 10 minutes she finally got on and back to
the newsgroup.

	There they were, all 1453 subject listings.  She wasn't sure if
she should just start at the beginning and start reading or try and be
selective.  She decided to start at the beginning.  The first one was
entitled Spanking as Punishment.   She started reading and was fascinated
to see a woman say that she always had to feel that she was naughty and
deserved a spanking.  Leigh could identify with that.  She often wished
that she could be naughty and merit a spanking.  Sometimes, she even tried
to provoke Hugh in hopes that he would do something masterful.  She hadn't
necessarily had a spanking in mind but now that she thought about it, that
was probably  just what she wanted.  Going on to read more posts, Leigh
discovered that a lot of the people had similar stories to her own.  They
had been interested in spanking from an early age and had collected as
much source material as they could.  What a revelation all of this was! 
She wasn't the only one; there were other people with feelings and desires
just like hers!  She was awestruck!  She kept reading and reading and
before she knew it, Hugh called out that he was home.  Leigh looked up at
the clock and couldn't believe that it was almost 6 PM.  Kind of late to
start supper, she thought, and instantly decided that pizza would be an
excellent idea.

	 Hugh was tired and didn't pay much attention to the fact that
Leigh was only half there during supper.  As Hugh flopped down on the sofa
to watch TV, Leigh headed back to her office.  She couldn't wait to get
back on-line and start reading again!  Leigh was totally overwhelmed by
what she was reading!   These seemed to be nice ordinary people who were
writing these articles- people she would be comfortable talking to.  In
fact, they were a very intelligent, articulate group!   It was a pleasure
to read what they had to say as much for the style as the content.  And
the stories!  Wow!  There was some real talent out there!  Leigh just kept
reading and reading. 

	 After what seem like just a hour or so, Hugh walked into the room
and asked if  she was ready to go to bed.  Sleep?   Sleep was the last
thing that she wanted!  She was so keyed up that she felt that she had to
just keep reading.   Telling Hugh  that she still had some work to finish
and that she would be along in a little while, she turned back to the
computer.  Before she knew it, she got an on-line message that the system
was shutting down in 15 minutes and wouldn't be up again until 6 AM. 
Looking up at the clock, she was startled to realize that it was 3 AM.  
Then she realize that she had been on-line for *hours*.   She was going to
have the on-line bill from hell!  Oh well, she thought, it's worth it!  
She did realize that she would have to do something about being on-line so
long but she was too tired to think about it right then.  

	Leigh dragged her tired body up the stairs, got undressed and
slipped into bed.  Tired as she was, sleep eluded her.  Her body was tired
but her mind just kept racing along a mile a minute.  She just couldn't
sleep!  Looking at the clock every 15 minutes or so,  she kept track of
the time going by until it was 6 AM.  She got up just before 6 and went
and made a pot of coffee.  Even before the coffee was ready, she was back
on the computer.  She was deeply involved in reading a story, when Hugh
walked into the room and asked what in the heck she was doing.  Startled,
Leigh hit the screen saver hot keys and replied that she had remembered
something that she had forgotten to do last night and wanted to do it
while it was fresh in her mind.  This sounded feeble even to her but Hugh
accepted it without comment and said that the coffee was ready.  After
getting her coffee, Leigh returned to the computer and a.s.s. as Hugh went
upstairs to get ready for work.  She barely heard him as he called out his
good-bye.

       The day flew by as she read post after post.  All day long she felt
like she was going to explode.  She was so wet and horny that she could
barely stand it.   Stroking her little bud of desire, she made herself cum
but it wasn't really satisfying.  She wanted more!  She wanted to be
spanked!  She wanted a sore bottom and then to be taken!  She wanted to
scream in frustration!!!!!  Hearing the telltale slam of the front door
that announced that Hugh was home, Leigh hurriedly turned off the computer
and went to greet him.  Realizing that once again there wasn't anything
ready for supper, Leigh decided that maybe he might like a little
appetizer- her.  She really needed him about then.  Hugh was surprised at
Leigh's unusual behavior but was very happy to accommodate her.   She took
his hand and dragged him up to the bedroom and pushed him down on the bed
and proceeded to make love to him.  After it was over, Hugh said that he
didn't know what had gotten into her but he certainly did enjoy it.  
Leigh then suggested that they go out for Chinese since it was too late to
cook supper.  Hugh happily agreed.

       After they got back from the restaurant, Leigh again was back on
the computer and stayed there until 1:00 in the morning.    She actually
stayed there until her eyes were burning and she could no longer read what
was on the screen.  Reluctantly, she headed off to bed and managed to get
a few hours of sleep before she woke up again with the urge to go back to
the computer and read some more postings.   She managed to talk herself
into staying in bed until 4:30 and then it was too much for her.  She got
up and went to make a pot of coffee and then started in again reading more
posts.  The day went about the way it had the day before.  She was
enthralled reading all the things that the people with the same passion as
she had were posting.  And the stories!  She felt like it was Christmas
and almost every one was a present!  The personal ads were also quite
interesting- some wanting email friends and some wanting real life
relationships.  What Leigh found most fascinating and frustrating were the
accounts of real life spanking relationships.  This wasn't something that
she thought that she ever could have but now that she knew that it was
possible, she wanted it and wanted it *very much*!

	As Leigh worked her way through the posts, several days went by
with her mostly glued to the computer screen.  When not at the computer
she walked around in something of a daze with only one thing on her mind
and a constantly achy, frustrated feeling between her legs.  When Hugh
tried to talk with her, she was impatient with him and only interested in
getting back to the computer.  When he asked what she was doing , she told
him that she had a lot of work.  He told her that he hoped that whatever
she was working on would be done soon.  She just replied that she hoped so
too.

       A week went by and  Leigh felt that she had the hang of how things
worked with the newsgroup.  She decided to de lurk and post some comments.
 They were favorably received and she was encourage to post more.  Not
only that but she started getting email.  She loved getting the letters
and wrote right back to the people who sent them to her.  She was a little
surprised at this since she had never liked writing letters but now she
couldn't wait to hear back from people!  No sooner did she get a letter
than she was writing the reply.  It wasn't just getting the mail, though,
she was meeting such interesting people- people that she probably wouldn't
get to meet in real life.  

	It wasn't long before Hugh started to get impatient with her.  She
knew that he had a point but she just couldn't help herself.  Her new
world was just so fascinating!   She didn't want to leave it or the
friends she had made.  Hugh started coming into her office more frequently
than normal and asking all kinds of  annoying pointless questions- things
he wouldn't normally bother her with.  Since she didn't want him to see
what she was doing, Leigh was constantly hitting the screen saver hot
keys.  This pattern went on for weeks and the tension built up more and
more between them.  Even though Leigh was in a constant state of arousal,
she just didn't want to be with Hugh to satisfy it.  That was stupid she
knew but it was the way she felt- distant from him.  She knew that her
behavior was awful  but what she really wanted was to be spanked for it. 
It was constantly on her mind.  She craved it as she had craved nothing in
her life before!  On and on the pattern of her days went with the rest of
her life deteriorating.  She was obsessed!  

       On a Saturday about three months after Leigh had first looked at
a.s.s., she was seated in front of the computer as she was almost all of
the time these days.  Hugh walked into the room and  Leigh automatically
reacted by hitting the keys for the screen saver.   Hugh told her that
that wasn't really necessary since he already knew what she was doing.  It
took a moment for what he had said to register.  She sputtered and asked
him what he meant.  He told her in a tone that she had never heard from
him before that he knew what she wanted and what she was going to get. 
Before she could say a word, he picked her up and carried her into the
living room.  She was in a panic and started kicking him and asking him
just what he thought that he was doing.  He informed her that she would
very soon find out.  When they got to the living room, Hugh sat down on
the sofa and set Leigh on her feet but still held onto her arm so that she
couldn't go anywhere.

       Leigh was afraid and angry.  She had never seen Hugh behave like
this- he was a stranger.  She wasn't used to being treated like this!  She
asked him just what in the hell he thought he was doing and told him to
let go of her.  Hugh just tightened his grip on her and used his other
hand to undo her jeans and pull them down.  Oh my God, she wondered, what
is he going to do- rape me?  Next thing she knew he was pulling down her
panties.  Panic really set in then and she began to struggle like a
wildcat but before she knew what happened, she was face down over his lap
and he was holding her in place with an iron grip.  She screamed out
asking him just what he thought that he was doing.  Instead of answering,
he forcefully hit her bare bottom with his open palm.   SMACK!  Leigh was
totally startled!  Then it dawned on her that he was going to spank her.  
 She wasn't so sure that she liked this idea in practice as much as she
did in theory and asked him again what he thought that he was doing.  This
time he answered her.  He told her that since lately she seemed to prefer
the computer to him that he had decided to check out the competition.  
When she was otherwise occupied he had started reading some of the things
that she had downloaded.  While he was surprised at her interest,  he did
find that the treatment of bratty wives depicted in the stories held a
great deal of appeal.  In fact dealing with one particularly bratty wife
in that manner was extremely appealing- so much so that he decided to put
the idea into practice.  He punctuated the last statement with another
hard smack to Leigh's bare bottom.  

      Before Leigh could protest or argue, Hugh began spanking her in
earnest.  He kept smacking her and smacking her all over and her bottom
began to really sting.  As the pain increased, she started to squirm and
tried to protect herself with her hands.  Hugh told her that if she didn't
behave it was going to be worse.  Somehow, Leigh remember reading those
words in more than one story and then cursed herself for have save the
stories or for not having hidden them.  Hugh stopped for a moment and
Leigh thought that he was done and she started to move off of his lap.  He
asked her where she thought that she was going and said that he had just
begun her spanking.  Uh oh, she thought.  He soon had her back in position
and resumed the spanking but this time he wasn't using his hand.   He was
using a ruler!  If she thought that his hand hurt, the ruler was much
worse!  He kept bringing it down hard, covering every square inch of her
bottom!  On and on it went until her bottom felt like an inferno and she
was on the verge of tears.  It hurt so very, very much!  Finally, one of
the swats did bring the tears.  They just started pouring out.  In fact,
Leigh was crying so hard that it took her a moment to realize that Hugh
had stopped spanking her.    

     The next thing she knew she started to feel a different sensation. 
Hugh's hand was on her again but this time he was moving it between her
legs and she realized that she was very wet.  This brought a little smile
to her face.  With all the daydreaming about spanking she had wondered if
the real thing would work the way that she imagined that it would.  It
did!  Her bottom was oh so sore but the sensations between her legs were
oh so wonderful!  Before she could do too much thinking,  Hugh had her on
her back on the sofa and was undoing his own pants.  Then he was on top of
her and inside of her and it was an incredible mix of sensations!  It was
totally wild lovemaking and they simultaneously exploded in passion.  Soon
afterwards, Leigh became aware of her very sore bottom and ask Hugh if he
would please get up.  Leigh quickly followed since the upholstery felt
like sandpaper on her tender bottom.

       Leigh started to tell Hugh how wonderful it was when he  looked at
her seriously and interrupted her.  He told her that her punishment wasn't
over yet.  There was something more.   Leigh was startled by this and
asked him what he meant.  Hugh told her that since she enjoyed writing
letters and posting so much that she was going to write a little account
of what just happen, omitting the lovemaking, and explaining how obsessed,
bratty wives get treated and how from now on if she misbehaved she was
going to get more of the same and that her husband was going to be reading
the newsgroup to get tips and pointers and keep an eye on her.   Having
said that he took her arm and marched her into the office and made her sit
down and start the computer.  Leigh complained that it hurt too much to
sit down so Hugh told her that she could very well do it standing up but
do it she would.  Leigh quickly stood up and turned on the computer.  She
really didn't want to do this and started to beg Hugh not to make her do
it.  Before she could get two words out, he smacked her bare bottom and
she yelped.  Leigh knew then that her life had changed forever.  With this
she smiled and  thought, *wishes sometimes do come true.*
