				      Witch

	  

	   I discovered that Elizabeth was a witch many years ago, though
      she did her best to hide the fact.  She told nobody.  She was a young
      girl with a terrible secret, and so she kept to herself.  Yet somehow
      I knew.  She was different, and something in me understood why. 

	   It was her mysteriousness that made me suspicious.  No, not
      suspicious, exactly.  My parents, my ancestors, were foreigners.  Our
      family migrated from country to country, never staying in one place
      for very long, and over the many generations, we had forgotten our
      origins.  We were strangers, always and everywhere.  We understood
      what it meant to be the victims of hatred, the fear and hatred that
      every society has for strangers.  We knew what it felt like to hide
      in the cellar while villagers raided the house looking for someone to
      lynch, someone to blame for all the hunger and sickness and crime in
      their little world.  After centuries of being feared and hated by
      everyone, we learned to pretend.  We learned to blend in, to hide. 
      It took a lifetime of practice. 

	   I adopted her after her parents died of tuberculosis.  She was
      too new at the game.  She was the first witch born to her family. 
      She made mistakes.  She didn't fit in. 

	   "There's something unnatural about her," the villages would
      whisper to each other.  "She's far too clever.  She knows things she
      shouldn't."

	   And then the rumors started.  We lived in a small town where
      everyone knew everyone else.  A single unkind rumor could start a
      whole avalanche of them.  It was the way a small town treated a
      stranger in their midst.  It was vicious, stupid. 

	   "She's bad luck.  She passed by my house yesterday, and my cake
      fell.  That's the third time this happened to me."

	   "She's immodest.  Doesn't she know that she is a beautiful girl?
      You should have seen what she wore at the dance!  How she flirted
      with the men!  I had to practically drag my husband away from her
      before she seduced him."

	   "She cursed her, I know it, that's why she's sick.  Elizabeth
      has always been jealous of Cathy and how popular she is."

	   In the end, it wasn't the little accidents and rumors that did
      her in.  It was her compassion for the weak and the evil.  She loved
      those whom others despised and she had no regard for those whom
      everyone respected.  She had no regard for me. 

	   For that, I hated her. 

	  

	   Earlier that night, I caught her touching herself.  Every night
      for the past week, right after she took her bath, I could hear her
      soft moans as I walked by her room.  Tonight I watched her. 

	   She knelt on her bed and closed her eyes.  She breathed deeply
      for a minute. 

	   Almost casually, the fingers right hand brushed her left wrist
      and moved upwards along her arm.  Her hand stopped at her shoulder to
      rub there, gently, then continued upwards to caress her neck and
      ears.  Her head leaned towards her hand langorously as if touched by
      a lover.  She was smiling.  Who or what was she imagining? 

	   Her finger traced circles on her nightgown around where her
      nipples poked into the fabric.  She came closer and closer to her
      nipples without quite touching them.  She loved to tease herself. 

	   Slowly, her knees spread.  The fingers of her left hand caressed
      her inner thigh and moved upwards under the hem of her nightgown. 
      Two fingers disappeared inside her and she moaned.  Her right hand
      reached under her nightgown and rubbed her hard nipples as if they
      hurt. 

	   She pinched her nipple hard.  She whimpered in pain before she
      could bite down on her lip to stifle the cry.  Her hips thrusted
      back and forth against her hand. 

	   "Hurt me," she whispered, trembling. 

	   I knew then that she was thinking of the devil.  I couldn't
      stand it any longer.  I dashed in the room and slapped her face just
      before she could come. 

	   "Witch!" I cried. 

	   She leapt out of bed, but I reached the door before her and
      locked it. 

	   Elizabeth stood in front of me with her arms at her sides.  The
      tears that streaked her face so beautifully sparkled in the
      flickering candlelight.  She was crying quietly.  What right did she
      have to feel sorry for herself?  Angrily, I tore the nightgown from
      her body.  She stood naked, without pretense.  Her body still steamed
      from the moist heat of the bath and the sweat from her sexual
      exertions made her body glisten.  Please, she spoke in a raw
      whisper.  At once, I wanted to protect her and ravish her, to hold
      her in my arms tenderly and feel her struggling as I entered her.  I
      wanted to make her feel pleasure against her will and to open her and
      touch her and feel her vulnerability and humiliation as she came.  It
      was delicious, the violence and tenderness I felt for her at that
      moment. 

	   Taking her left nipple between my fingers, I dragged her back to
      the bed and shoved her face down into the mattress.  I tore her
      nightgown into strips and tied her wrists and ankles to the bedposts
      with them.  Then I whipped her with my belt until she begged. 

	   I pushed myself into her anus, knowing the tension in her
      buttocks from the whipping would make the pain of penetration
      unbearable.  She cried out several times as I struggled to enter her.
      I lay on top of her, not moving, for a moment.  I could feel her
      wince, her muscles tightening around me involuntarily, every time my
      cock pulsed inside her. 

	   I stroked her hair softly as if to comfort her.  It's alright, I
      said.  I held her as gently and as lovingly as when she came to my
      room after a nightmare.  My lips covered her neck with kisses and
      tenderly I kissed the tears from her face.  I rubbed and kneaded her
      back until she finally relaxed.  I whispered in her ear and told her
      that I loved her and that I would always love her, I would love her
      forever.  Something inside her mind snapped, then.  The fear and
      willfulness were all stripped away, and only the love and the pain
      remained.  She was open and truly naked.  Innocent. 

	   I began to move inside her.  She was still deliciously tight,
      but it no longer hurt her.  Her mound pressed into the bed in time
      with my thrusting.  She began to pant and gasp.  Her eyes were shut
      tightly but the tears still streamed down her face.  I licked at them
      greedily, caressing her face and listening to her gasps slowly become
      moans, growing louder and louder. 

	   "Stop, it's too much.  Please, I can't stand it, I..."

	   All of a sudden she cried out and her hips shuddered powerfully
      against the mattress.  Her fingers clenched and unclenched as her
      arms strained against her bonds.  She contracted rhythmically against
      my cock and I came inside her with a shout. 

	   Afterwards, I untied her.  She lay limp and unmoving, exhausted.
      Her face looked drained and surprisingly expressionless.  I couldn't
      even begin to understand what she was thinking.  I just held her
      quietly as she fell asleep. 

	  

	   She ran away not long after.  She knew she couldn't keep her
      secret forever in a small town like ours.  I hope she fares well,
      wherever she is. 

	   I love you, you little witch. 

