A Winters Tale

It was a dark and stormy night.  Ok, ok, I know, but it was a dark and
stormy night.  It was snowing quite hard but there was little wind, so
I wasnt really surprised when the phone rang and it was Tom.  He
said only one thing, "Tonight?".  My reply was "Yes."

I got out my pack and loaded the things into it that we had already
planned on, then took my clothes off - except for boots and waited.
It took him a few more minutes than I had expected, maybe the driving
wasnt too good, maybe he was being nice and warming the van up.  When
he arrived in my driveway he beeped the horn and I grabbed the pack,
ran out and jumped in the van.  It was warm enough in there which felt
nice.  Sitting next to him in the warm van I found that I had an
erection - not one of those civilized comfy sorts of erections, but
one that was right on the edge of painful.  I reached down and took it
in my hand, but Tom saw this and spoke sharply, "No!"  I took my hand
away.

The road out of town wasnt too bad, though there was about two inches
of snow by now, and we made good time.  A few miles up the road we
turned down a dirt road toward our destination and parked about half a
mile up.  We were now in a small canyon and our goal was about half
way up the side of the canyon where there was a small shelf in front
of a deep, half sheltered hole in the rock face, almost a cave.  The
canyon itself was empty and far enough from any habitation to make
visitors on a night like this unlikely.

Tom looked at me and asked if I was sure I wanted to do this -- I
wasnt, it looked very cold and nasty out the windshield, but I
hesitated and while I was thinking it over my erection, which had
subsided on the ride up, sprang to life again.  I guess I didnt even
need to answer verbally as Tom looked at it, shrugged, and said "So be
it."

I put on my pack again and we started up the hillside.  The snow was
falling quite hard now and the wind, while not hard, was quite strong
enough to chill me (nude as I was) very quickly.  The only way I could
stay warm was to walk faster, but as the slope became more steep, the
desire to be warm and the need for oxygen competed.  The erection was
long gone.

On the shelf I could rest - but then the snow made me colder, so I
busied myself with building a fire.  We had collected firewood during
the autumn and had quite a pile of it back in the half-cave where it
stayed more or less dry.  (Actually, _I_ had collected it, (nude of
course) while Tom sat and watched, sometimes encouraging me with a
riding crop, but thats another story...)  I lit the fire using the
charcoal starter which I had carried in my pack, so when it started,
it flamed quite high.  Tom approved with a nod.  I gave him my pack
and he took out our equipment.  We are both climbers, and I had packed
some climbing gear for our expedition.  He used one inch webbing to
stretch my arms out and attached the webbing to holes in the walls of
the half-cave.  My feet were stretched out and attached to more
webbing.  I couldnt move either my arms or legs by more than an inch
or so.  Finally he gagged me.  We had discussed a blindfold, but part
of the interest of this particular scene was the visual effect.  The
snow came down outside the ring of light from the fire and made a kind
of white wall against the rest of the world.  The fire, by now quite
high, melted the snow before it could reach me.  I can't say I was
warm, but I was warmer than a couple minutes before.  At least because
of the fire and the overhangin rock, I was out of most of the snow.

Tom bent over the pack and rummaged a bit, then came toward me and
ducked under my arm to get behind me.  He was carrying something I
couldnt see.  When he was behind me the fact that I couldnt see him
was scary in a way as I didnt know what more he had planned - all we
had discussed was getting to this point.  He reached through my legs
and grabbed my balls and pulled, I wanted to cry out, but the gag
prevented me.  He pulled them back far enough so I couldnt see them,
then I could feel him tying a piece of nylon cord around them.  Then
he put some sort of weight on it, it might have been a rock, it was
pretty heavy.  He adjusted the cord so that if I bent my knees ever so
slightly the weight would be on the ground, but if my legs were
straight, the whole weight would be on my balls.  I tried
straightening my legs, but the pain was enough to convince me that it
wasnt a good idea.

He reached around me with both hands and grabbed my cock.  I had sort
of half an erection now, but his hands were full of snow and the cold
made me gasp.  He rubbed the snow on my belly which now felt the cold
snow combating the heat of the fire.  He grabbed my nipples with both
hands and rubbed his body against my back, it was warm, but the wool
he was wearing itched and scratched.  I could feel his hot erect cock
against my ass and tried to push my ass back against his pelvis, but
he backed off.  Then I felt his finger against my asshole, he pushed
it in gently and then a second one.  I was frantic with desire now, my
erection hard and upright - so I started pushing back onto his hand,
but I pushed back far enough to brind the weight back onto my balls.
He withdrew his hand and slapped me (hard!) on the ass then again.  I
wanted to cry out again.  Then something else was entering my ass, it
must have been a dildo.  He pushed it in, then attached it with a cord
so it wouldnt come back out.  It was a big one and the feeling of
fullness was almost overpowering.

He came around in front of me again, his cock erect and poking out of
his fly.  He stood on the other side of the fire and started to jerk
off, manipulating his cock slowly and deliberately.  I was in a frenzy
of desire now, wanting to suck it, to hold it, to be fucked by it, but
I couldnt move.  He knew it, he knew the strength of my need, so he
pushed his cock back in his fly and zipped it up.  He grinned.  "We
are only getting started."

I watched as he attached more cord to the roof of the half-cave
slightly in front of me, moving carefully to stay away from the fire,
then he put clamps on my nipples and attached them to the cord and
tightened the cord.  If I moved forward, the pull on my nipples would
ease, but the pain on my balls increased, if I moved backward, the
pain on my balls would ease, but that on my nipples would increase.

"Cold?" he asked.  I didnt know how to answer, my back was cold, but
the heat from the fire kept my front almost hot.  "Well, we will just
have to warm you up."  And he put more wood on the fire and used a
stick to push it toward me.  The heat from the fire was powerful - it
was hot enough that I tried to move backwards.  That was a mistake,
the tug on my nipples was enough to convince me of that.  He poked at
the fire for a bit and then took out a stick -- the end was a mass of
flame -- and came toward me.  I trusted Tom, but the look on his face
right then and that burning stick made me wonder if I was entirely
safe.  He pushed the stick toward my genitals and I jerked back - OW!
- on my tits.  I reacted by jerking forward again - OW! - on my balls.
Now I want out.  This is too much, but there is no safeword this time.
I relaxed, consciously trying to balance the pains, trying to ease it
up a bit.  I closed my eyes, but as soon as I did he grabbed my cock,
which was having a hard time deciding whether to be limp or hard, and
twisted hard.  I opened my eyes again.

Tom grinned.  He put the stick back in the fire.  I felt like I could
maybe get through this.  Maybe.  He came over to me and took my cock,
now far from erect, into his hands and rolled it back and forth.  The
erection returned.  "Good.  I though I'd lost you."  He picked up the
stick from the fire again and held it in the falling snow until the
flames were out and there was only a coal burning red hot on the end.
He came over to me again and held the stick so the coal was only a
hairs breadth from my cock.  I could feel the heat in the head of my
cock.  Strangely, this time it wasnt frightening, it was instead very
stimulating - just on the verge of pain.  He took it away then and put
the stick back in the fire.  "Like that?"  I shook my head.  "Maybe
its an acquired taste.  We should try it again."  The stick came back
out of the fire.  Again he doused the flames, this time he threatened
my left nipple.  Then he slowly moved the stick across my chest - I
was trying to draw away but that just increased the pull on the tit
clamps.  When the coal reached the center of my chest he pushed it in
slowly till it scorched the hairs there - but just missed my skin.  I
could smell burning hair.  Then it was the right side's turn.  He
waved the stick around in the air, turning the coals on the end back
to red hot.  The coals approached me again, this time aimed at my
balls.  I strained to get away from the threat, but could not move
without increasing the pain somewhere.  Now my knees were starting to
hurt from the continual bending - but when I straightened them my
balls got it again.  He warmed my balls for a moment then moved
away.

He tossed the stick on the fire.  I sighed in relief, but the relief
was short-lived.  He picked up another stick with a burning end and
ducked behind me.  I could now feel the heat from the flame on my back
when he suddenly pulled the dildo from my ass.  No, I thought, he cant
put it up my ass!  But I could feel the heat from the flames moving
slowly down my back.  Suddenly a shock of sensation from my ass hit me
and I jumped forward - but only far enough to pull my balls even
harder.  It was with great relief that I realized that he had just
pushed a small snowball up it - at first the cold had felt like heat.
He laughed.  He pushed himself up against me again.  Evidently he had
unbuttoned his shirt and lowered his pants some as I could feel his
skin, warm and smooth against mine.  I pushed my ass back against his
cock.  "You want that?"  I couldnt answer in words so I wiggled my ass
up against him.  "I guess you do."  He then pushed his cock up against
my hole and left the head just sitting there, teasing me.  I couldnt
push back any further without getting my nipples torn off.  He kept
teasing.  Finally, he reached around with both hands and grabbed me by
the hips and pulled.  An instant of pain and he was inside me.  I
pushed back, thrusting his cock deep within.

On every thrust I could feel the cords attached to me pull, first the
tits as I pushed back, then the balls as he shoved me forward.  He
fucked me good, and when he finally came it was with a final deep,
furious thrust that pulled all the things attached to me, but instead
of pain it was a pleasure overwhelming.  He kept his cock inside me
while he untied the cord around my balls.  The release of pressure was
in itself almost as painful as anything had been.  He pressed up
against me harder and took off the tit clamps.  Then he reached down
to my cock and started jerking me off.  It didnt take long for me to
climax and my cum sizzled in the fire.  

He untied me and got out the extra clothes I had put in my pack.  I
dressed and finally felt really warm again.  He pulled out the bottle
of wine and we snuggled up into the back of the cave and sipped and
watched the snow fall.

Next time, its my turn.  And do I have revenge planned!
