Archive-name: Casual/wo-name.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Sex Without Names


     I like to dance.  Going out to a club to hear the latest music
is a good way to spend a Friday night for me.  The dance floor is
always packed with guys and girls just doing their own thing.  Some
of the girls are really hot while others are not.  But it's fun
just to be there.
     The last time I went to the local club (the only one anywhere
near the small town I'm from), a peculiar thing happened.  The
music had just ended for the night (it was midnight, the local
curfew for those under 18) and all the patrons were filing off the
dance floor toward the exits.  I was walking with my arms down at
my sides.  All of the sudden, I felt a hand pinching my ass. 
Instinctively, I swiped back with my hands to catch whoever it was. 
Since this has happened twice before, I'm really curious to find
out who keeps groping me.  I caught a wrist and held on tightly. 
I didn't look around at who it was right away, but I dragged her
with me despite her protests.  When I finally came to a place that
I could confront her, I stopped and wheeled around, still holding
onto her wrist.
     What I saw surprised me.  Totally.  I looked down into the
greenest eyes I have ever seen.  She was about 5'6", had long blond
hair, and she was really tan.  Her face was totally hot.  I was
almost mesmerized by her eyes.  But I couldn't forget the business
at hand.
     "So, can I pinch you, too?" I asked.
     "I don't think so."
     "Well, it seems only fair, since you pinched me..."
     She sat there and considered for a little while, then nodded
her assent.  So I reached around and made like I was going to pinch
her.  Instead, I groped her.  I basically took her whole ass cheek
in my hand and squeezed it gently, massaging it with my fingers.
     "Hey!  That's not a pinch!"  But the smile on her face and
especially in her eyes told me that she wasn't displeased.  Her ass
was very firm and very tight.  So I didn't let go.
     She stood on her tiptoes and whispered a proposition into my
ear.   I, with no other plans, agreed.  We cruised out to my car
and hopped in.  She gave me directions as I drove, leading me to a
place out by her house that is really secluded and that the police
rarely patrol.
     And did we go out in the boonies.  I thought I lived in a
rural area.  My neighborhood looked like New York City compared to
hers.
     After a couple of dirt roads we arrived at the spot.  It was
beautiful.  The car was framed by several fir trees.  Through the
boughs we could see a small pond, shimmering in the moonlight. 
Very romantic.  What we were about to do almost seemed degrading to
such a beautiful setting.  Almost.
     I turned off the ignition and turned to face just in time to
catch her attack head on.  If I hadn't turned, her tongue would be
buried in my ear.  We sat and kissed for a few minutes, then we
played tonsil hockey.  I won.  Our hands didn't stay idle for long. 
Hers started roving up and down my chest, caressing me.  I lightly
massaged her back before moving down to her ass again.  I took a
cheek in each hand and kneaded them.  A soft moan from her throat
told me that I was on the right track.
     Pretty soon each of us lost our shirt.  I fumbled with her bra
clasp before finally mastering it.  We parted long enough to remove
the bra from between us, then resumed our embrace.
     I kissed from her mouth back to her ear.  I nibbled on her ear
lobe, around her earring, before sticking my tongue in her ear.  As
soon as my tongue entered her ear, she grabbed my chest and sucked
in a quick breath.  I continued nibbling on her ear.  Meanwhile, my
hands had found her breasts, which although they were not very
large, they were high and firm.  I massaged them, starting from
where they met her ribs on the bottom.  I slowly worked my way
inward, stopping just before I reached the nipples.  I teased her
for a while, touching her everywhere but her nipples.  She finally
grew so frustrated that she tried to move her breasts into my
hands, making me touch her nipples.  When I finally pinched her
nipples, the effect was electric.  Her fingernails dug into my
chest and she nearly screamed in my ear.  I could feel her hips
churning against me, cueing me that she was coming.
     After she had settle back down, she climbed onto me, pushing
me up against the car door.  I slid down on the car seat so that
she was laying on top of me.  We resumed kissing.  I moved my hands
down to her pants, slipping one inside of them to caress her ass
and attempting to undo her pants-button.  I got it undone and then
pulled down her zipper.  I began pushing down her pants and she
wriggled back and forth to help me remove them.  Her panties soon
followed her pants.  With much effort, we rolled over in my front
seat without falling to the floor.
     I proceeded to kiss my way down to her breasts, sucking on
each nipple, then down to her belly button, where I stuck my
tongue, and finally down to her pussy.  The soft V of blond hair
pointed the way.  I spread her lips with my fingers, exposing her
inner lips and her clit.  I flicked my tongue out and hit her clit,
resulting in a moan from her.  I then got down to work.  I fastened
my lips to her clit, alternatively biting, flicking, and sucking on
it.  Two of my fingers were working in and out of her vagina.  Her
hips gyrated in rhythm.  All of my motions became faster and
faster, and she began to build to orgasm.  Just before I felt her
clench up, she screamed softly, "Oh yes!  More!  Faster,..."  She
then paused.  It was then I realized that she didn't know my name,
and I didn't know her name.  She paused because she was trying to
think of my name.
     Again, we rolled over, and she proceeded to remove my pants
and underwear.  My penis was rock-hard.  As soon as she freed my
penis from its prison, she stuck it in her mouth, sliding almost
all the way down to the base.  A few quick strokes and she had me
on the edge.  I stopped her, claiming that I had a better way to
use my hard-on.
     We repositioned ourselves, me sitting on the passenger side,
and her straddling me.  She eased herself down onto me, sighing
with pleasure as she did so.  She pumped herself up and down my
shaft, utilizing the full length.  Soon, she was digging her nails
into the back of my neck and nearly deafening me as she came.
     Again we repositioned ourselves, this time me taking her from
behind.  I started pumping into her, getting closer and closer to
the brink with each stroke.  Finally, I could hold off no longer
and I pumped furiously into her, filling her.  She, feeling the
release of my hot semen inside of her, began to orgasm with me. 
When the tremors passed, we collapsed together.
     When we had calmed down enough to regain our motor skills, we
redressed ourselves and I drove her home.  I dropped her off at the
end of her block (didn't want her parents to see the car drive up). 
Since then, I have seen her a couple of times at the club where we
met, and we have had similar sessions in the same place.  But to
this day I still don't know her name.

-- 
