Archive-name: Bestial/wolfed.txt
Archive-author: Lupophile
Archive-title: Wolfed!


     The following story is constructed from a dream I had not too
long ago. Indeed there are places where I improvised and changed
things to make the story a bit more interesting, but I did not change
much.  For one night I LIVED this!
                                   		          -The Lupophile


     I had come to realize that I had basically wasted my life for a
dream that would never come. I put hope and faith in a power I never
had, and It brought me to my knees. Now twenty years after my failed
attempt live my dream began, I was lost and in many ways miserable. As I
would soon find out, however, the dream I had tried so hard to fulfill
would soon be realized.
     I lived in Montana, alone, and without most of the conveniences of
modern living for I had made my life in nothing more than a log cabin.
The  only things of value to me, outside of the land on which I lived,
were an old pickup truck and my pet wolf, Destina. I basically got by on
what was left of a trust set up by my great grandmother. After buying
the land I had but enough money to pay taxes on the property, and make
an occasional repair.
     So the day in which I decided to go to an Indian trade  show
that was taking place some 250 miles away was a different one indeed,
and for what reason I don't know I brought my life savings with me. All
$2300 dollars of it. The show was large, and Destina did not like the
crowd nor did she like the lead I placed her on, but together we moved
on through the rows of displays and people.
     I felt that I had been a fool for driving out this whole
distance for basically nothing. I could not possibly imagine what
could be so desirable that I would spend the money that I had done such
a slow job at earning. Yet, I found it, or *it* found me. 
     A wolf hide... Probably the last thing I truly wanted, or at
least until I saw this one. Now don't get me wrong... I would have
refused to put money into something so immoral as the useless death of
an animal, especially one so dear to me as the wolf, BUT could not
remove my eyes from it! Subconsciously I decided I had to have it no
matter what the cost.
     I went up to the rather elderly Indian fellow at the booth and
asked, "How much for the hide ?"

     The reply was less than cordial.
     " It's not for sell'n. " he said coldly     
     I looked more closely at it. It was a beautiful grizzled gray,
probably an Alaskan timber wolf , and rather large for the average
wolf of that species, measuring better than seven and a half feet
from tip to tail by my estimate . 
     Though I was far away I still managed to see a tag and a price.
I the said, " The tag says $5000 " not really taking note of the
whopping price I had just read.
     " I said it's not for sale", the man replied sternly, looking me
over with acute precision. 
     He looked in my eyes, then at my hands ,taking care to note the
numerous wolf rings that I wore. The belt buckle, the necklaces, the
shirt, all had a wolf on them. He then looked down at Destina and
appeared to be in deep thought.  I decided to leave and return later.
     Destina and I spent much of the day playing in a nearby field, but
all the while the hide was on my mind. I returned as he was packing up
his things to leave. 
      He was the first to speak asking, " So, why are you interested in
that hide anyway? Seems a price like I put on that thing would
discourage most folk, and I even told ya it wasn't for sale."
     "Is it for sale?" I asked with hope  in my voice.
     He replied in a stern voice," Answer what I'd ask'cha "
     "I... I want the hide for spiritual reasons", I replied and almost
chocked. Actually I couldn't think of a reason why, but I THINK that my
reply was what I was feeling.
     He then looked at the hide, and then looked me over as he had
done before and said, " Spiritual reasons eh?   what kind a SPIRITUAL reasons?
     My lips trembled and whispered ," Skinwalking ", and I had hoped he
had not heard me. I then asked, " Why are you so against selling it?
",in the hopes of avoiding what I had previously said.
     He looked me square in the eyes, " I aint against sell'n it."
     I replied, " Then why the big to do about price, ask'n me
questions about what I'm gonna do with it and saying its NOT for sale"
     " That hide was meant for others of my culture. It does not
belong in the hands of fools who can't appreciate the gift that it
contains !! ", he shouted in a fit of anger and then grabbing himself
realizing he had said something he didn't want to.
     "Gift? " I questioned...
     " Ok, damn it! You got the five thou?" he asked, obviously
trying to get me to forget what he had said before, and make me leave
without asking further questions.
     "No,"I replied, feeling like an asshole
     "Then what the hell are you even ask'n me about the damn thing
for?!", he responded with a revived anger.
     " I... I have a 1987 pickup and twenty three hundred in cash", I
said, not realizing what I had said.
     " Oh, and how you going to get home?" , he questioned with an
aroused interest.
     " I don't know.", was all I could say.
     He thought for a while and then looked me with an appearance
that was of worry rather than anger. He then said, " All right, I'll
sell you the hide, but I'm not gonna take your truck. Gimme the
$2300"
     I reached for my duffel bag but before my hand was upon it, he
grabbed me. I looked up at him with an expression of fear. His
expression was no different. I asked "What are you doing?"
     " I need to tell you something." he responded with a serious
tone.
     " Tell me? Tell me what?" I said
     " Be careful with the hide. Do NOT make things out of it, whatever
you do, and please do NOT wear it unless..." his voice failed him
     " Unless ?!" I questioned
     He picked up with a different sentence, " The hide offers you a
new path. It is up to you to take it. Take it, and you will not
return from it."
     "Pa...", was all I could get out before He said ," Ask me
nothing more. I can't be responsible for you"
     I handed him the money and returned with Destina and the hide to my
truck. My mind was in a whirl of uncontrolled thoughts about what the
man spoke of, the morality of my actions for purchasing the hide of an
animal sacred to me, and the money I had lost!  Then it occurred to me
that Destina was a bit upset by the the hide. She held her tail between
her legs and didn't want to be within ten feet of it. I felt sorry for
her and thought to make it a point to get it away from her when we got
home.
I
had
      Only now did I notice some subtle differences in the hide to
many others that I had examined over the years. The hide was cut in a
rather odd manner, in a semi breach fashion. The hind legs were opened
all the way down, but this was not the case for the front. The underside
of the head was not cut either. The hide felt different. The skin was
tanned yes, but It lacked the leathery feel of even the finest leather.
I was intrigued, but I was also tired and decided to put it away and
bring Destina in for an evening romp before bed.
     Destina was more than a pet to me. I had become a victim of my own
desire as my love for the wolf progressed into a love for
love that had, in time, become sexual, and while in the
tried hard to keep my sexual desire for her at bay... I soon gave in. I
conditioned her to my advances, slowly, after her second year, she was
receptive to copulation as an almost daily occurrence, though that
seldom happened. She was all I ever wanted as a  consort. To me she had
a beauty matched only by other wolves, and not many at that. Destina was
now in her fourth year, however, and I had become aware that her life
was passing her, and I was not really doing any favors to give her what
she really needed. A wolf mate. A WOLF family.
     I was excited from the day. Thinking about the wolf hide sent
desire to be a wolf running through me. It made me desire
she had the ability to make me feel like a wolf.
     I laid on the bed, stripped bare, and softly called to her.
She
scratched her ears and then beckoned for her to get in the bed. She
understood what we were going to do.
     I laid her down and embraced her, her soft fur caressing my
dreamed of being a wolf, gently nuzzling her with my face.
I caressed her breasts. She rolled over and spread her legs to permit me
to caress her pelvic area. I slowly made my way to her vulva. It had
been enlarged from all of our previous love making, and had become moist
from her anticipation of what was to come. I gently caressed her vulva
as I kissed her muzzle and embraced her neck, and she licked my face
lightly in acknowledgment. I then began to enter her with a gentle
finger.
     I turned around and began  mouthing her labia, the muscles
her trembling with each motion of my tongue. She whined and then got up
and began to copulate on nothing. 
     After what seemed only a brief period of time I  decided it was
and then gently inserted my penis into her causing her to copulate in
convulsive movements. I continued to gently thrust back and forth
dreaming of being a wolf, and indeed I felt like a wolf, but the
position we were in didn't let me enter Destina as well as usual and
after a brief spell I decided to try something new. I dismounted her and
then had her position herself on top of me. Slowly, with my guidance, 
she lowered herself onto my already lubricated penis. I felt a little
resistance, but it quickly ended upon fully entering her. My penetrating
her sent spasms running through her and she began to copulate with
vigorous thrusting. She groaned and tightened up around me making me
shoot my load. Not long after she began to slow up she had become so
tight that it hurt!
      Panting, she lay on top of me, my penis still firmly within
hugged her once again, and caressed her gently with words and rubbing.
We stayed like that for ten minutes or so , and it was
beautiful moment I had ever shared with her. I
was her lack of movement that held me in,
dick to throb briefly. Quick as the
kissed her and fell asleep at her
     The next morning I awoke feeling better than usual. I thought
about our night before and then rolled over to find that she was not in
her place beside me. This worried me for even on nights when we did not
have sex we always slept together. I found her laying under the kitchen
table, and upon seeing me whined and raced over to meet me. I wondered
why she had not stayed with me in bed, but the answer became apparent
when I returned to my bedroom. She entered behind me, but upon glancing
at the hide on the dresser across the room she ran out with her tail
between her legs! 
     Her fear of the hide made me curious. I knew her to be afraid of
strange objects before, but it would never keep her out of a room! I
went over to the hide, picked it up and carried it into the kitchen
where once again I found Destina still holding her tail between her
legs. She whined at me, and trembled, but as long as I was holding the
hide she didn't leave my side. I did not wish to cause Destina distress.
Thus I decided to put the hide out of sight. She soon calmed down, but
she wouldn't go near the chest that I placed it in. I felt sorry for her
and spent most of the day comforting her. I decided that I would check
the hide out more carefully later, when Destina was outside.
     That evening, I let Destina out for her second run of the day
and it was then I decided to take the hide out for a closer look. The
hide was beautiful, I looked it over and made all of the observations I
had before. The hide felt so warm, almost as if it were producing heat
of its own, It reminded me of embracing Destina the night before. Oh,
how I wished I could have been a wolf for her. I found myself wishing I
could have fathered pups for her. My mind drifted back to the hide.
Surely it would be neat to dress up in it once, I thought to myself. I
then began to think of the Indian man who sold it to me. My curiosity
was aroused when I though about what he had said to me. His words seemed
so corny, like something you would have seen in an old horror flick...
Yet I was non the less uncertain about the whole thing, the way Destina
acted frightened me, or at least worried me.
     Still, I wanted to see myself in the hide. I wanted to feel what
it was like, to see what it was like, to be a wolf. If I could. So, I
went into the bathroom, which had a giant mirror that stretched from
floor to ceiling... and there began my "transformation".
     I removed all of my clothes. Everything, my underwear to my
rings and necklaces, and then began the tedious task of putting on
the hide. I struggled, but managed to force my arms into the fore
legs. It was tight but the skin stretched to accommodate my size.
Actually the hide did not have to stretch much as it was almost as big
as me. My arms in the hide I now had only the head to make an attempt
at. With much deliberation it managed  to fit over my head, but the fit
was not comfortable by any means, and it really didn't match up well
with my structure.
    Alas, I looked at myself in the mirror. I looked hideous, I
and a feeling of stupidity came over me. I then decided I
would get on my "paws" and knees. Upon doing so the difference was
unbelievable. The hide covered all of the skin that showed while I
stood. I looked wolfy enough to suit me, and the feelings of regret left
me.
     I just sat there looking at myself in the mirror, mesmerized by
the beauty of the fur that surrounded me, and living far off dreams of a
life as a wolf. Hours passed and it was time to let Destina in, but I
did not notice her whining at the door, nor had I noticed what was now
happening to me. After a bit I broke from the hypnosis and  lifted my
self to my feet, shaking off the weary feeling I was left with. I had a
dull itching feeling in my underside that I wanted to scratch. I tried
to, but it was useless. The hide restricted my movements and I could not
scratch myself for fear of ripping the hide. Then it hit me that I was
stuck in the hide! In a panic I began to use one "paw" to attempt to
pull the skin off of the other arm, but it was useless, the skin was too
tight. Then I looked in the mirror again...
     What I saw next put me in shock. My chest was bleeding at the
points where the skin was in contact with my own. The itching, that I
now associated with those points was now a burning. I fought with
renewed vigor to get the hide off, but now it had become painful to do
so, and I sunk to my knees and gave up. Meanwhile the pain got worse and
moved throughout my body. My legs gave out from under me and  I fell to
my back.
     An hour passed, and then two. I was now in so much pain that I did
everything I could to stay perfectly still for it made it much
move. I became aware of the pool of blood that I was now laying in. It
had begun to coagulate and become sticky. It was matted in the hide and
stained it terribly, but my mind was no longer on the hide. I was lost
to the crushing  pain I was feeling, and still the pain got worse. I
ventured to turn my head to the mirror  so that I could see what was
happening. I did, and I screamed out in the torturous pain that
succeeded. The pain I experienced caused me to wince, which in turn
caused me to have another stab of pain much worse than before and again
I yelped out in pain. My mind could not handle any more and I went numb.
I could no longer move, but I was aware of what was going on around me.
All I could do was stare at myself in the mirror. I watched the split in
the hide that ran along my chest slowly close up. Slowly my eyes shut.
The last thing I consciously remembered was hearing Destina whining
loudly and scratching at the door.
     What followed was a nightmare. Dreams, thoughts, feelings and
memories spun through my head uncontrolled and disorganized. I
remembered things in my life that I thought I had long since forgot.
Memories of sights and sounds from the past near and far flew through my
mind in a whirl of color and buzzing that I really could not make
anything out of. Time and time again I would see images of wolves flash
through my mind. I recognized Destina. Yet there were others, including
pups. I saw the wolf that I had recognized as the hide. With sporadic
repetition I saw celestial images of him standing over me... protecting
me... reassuring me, his occasional presence the only comfort I received
in my nightmarish world of uncontrolled thought. I saw myself mating
with Destina again and again, and then the images changed in a slow
progression, but I could not pick up on what it was that was different.
As time went on my mental disarray got worse, and then, all was gone.
There was no thought. All of the images, and all of the sounds left me,
and I fell into an even deeper sleep. The only memories to follow me to
the end of my unconscious were those surrounding my most recent
experiences,  Destina, and my love of her. 
     I awoke to find myself still lying in the same place and
position as I had when I was out. Feeling had returned to me and I hurt
everywhere, leaving me afraid to move. An extremely pungent odor hit my
nose with an intensity unmatched. Further scrutiny of the scent revealed
it to be that of rotten carrion and feces. I looked in the mirror and
what I saw didn't register on first glance. I saw a wolf hide, and at
first that was all I thought I saw. No, not a wolf hide... a WOLF ! My
discovery sent a stab of pain through my heart as anxiety took over. My
breathing increased and my heart pounded. Only  then did I notice that I
was breathing at an already heightened rate, and my heart was beating
faster than ever before. I could not bear it anymore! I had to move pain
or no pain. I had to find out if this was real!
     I tried to turn my neck. What  little motion I managed to make
excruciating, and my neck felt so weak, but I saw it!  I saw
the mirror, and it was me! Suddenly I felt my face being licked. It was
Destina, and I quickly realized that she must have broken a window to
get in. I scanned my eyes over her hoping that she did not get hurt. 
She was exceptionally excited, and she nuzzled and pawed at me, whining
in hope of coaxing me to get up. 
     I now made an attempt to get get up to my feet. It was a
and I whimpered in pain as I slowly began to pull my legs under me.
While pulling myself onto my chest the fur that had matted itself in the
dried pool of blood quickly pulled taunt and was ripped from my side
causing me to let out a loud "Ipe!". Finally I was ready to push myself
up to my feet. I pushed down upon the floor and felt my chest lift up
ripping out even more fur, and making me exclaim once more. Desinta all
the while whining softly and staring at me from a distance. After what
seemed forever I had finally managed to stand fully erect on all FOUR of
my feet. I was wobbly and it was a struggle to continue to stand,
painful as well. Looking into the mirror I was amazed at how large I
was, and moreover how beautiful I was. I tried to make a step forward,
but almost as soon as I had lifted my right paw I collapsed with a yelp
of both pain, and fear. I decided to make another attempt and this time
I never made it to my feet for I had become exhausted from the previous
attempt. Again I
frightened eyes. She walked over to me and laid down at my side. Without
any further movement we fell asleep side by side, fur to fur, wolf to
wolf, our love for one another now completed by a twist of fate.
     Over the next couple of days I quickly gained the use of my new
form, though adjusting to it was difficult, and as time went on I began
to forget all that was human in me. Yet in the beginning it was
extremely awkward. For one thing, while I had forgot most of my life as
a human, the few memories I did posses were still that of a  human, and
though that was changing slowly with time, I had much trouble
communicating for I had not learned the body language.  Some of my human
character managed to follow me, though the human qualities that remained
for any length of time were far and few between.
     As soon as I had become strong enough, my sex drive returned,
it was just as strong as it was  when I was human. Upon the
sexual interest in Destina I became uncontrollably
slipped out of its sheath and I tried hard to get
for I kept thinking that I was not supposed to
that still remained from my earlier form. I could not help it. My
erection would not go away, and the more I thought about it the more I
got excited. I gave in to my erotic
penis. I was amazed at how sensitive it was to my lapping tongue. I
looked at the knot that was growing near  the base of it and then took
the whole thing in my mouth and suckled on it sending sensations like I
had never felt running through my body. I began to thrust back and forth
with my pelvis, getting closer and closer to ejaculation. I could
already taste the presemen that was now flowing steadily from me, and
then I came sending spasms throughout my lower back causing me to thrust
even harder. My mouth filled with thick jizm and it dripped from the
corners of my black lips. I continued to suckle on my penis while I
continued to cum for some time. Then I began to clean myself of the
salty cum that had dripped all over my thick fur.
      About that time I looked up to see Destina staring at me, and
I
that funny "inquisitive wolf" look and whined softly. I
felt
my legs inviting her to check me out. She did so, her tongue licked my
wolf ejaculate from my fur. She continued to lick and sniff me for a bit
yielding most of her attention to the tip of my sheath. It did not take
long for my erection to return, and when it did, Destina did not
hesitate to display herself to me, tail at her side. 
     I gently mounted her, and I felt my penis strike the bottom of
belly. I pulled back and thrust forward a couple of times hoping to find
her vagina. Finally after many attempts I was successful, and inserted
my cock into her thrusting back and forth quickly,  shifting  my weight
from one foot to the other. I felt my knot begin to swell, and I pushed
myself deeper into her while slowing down my pelvic thrusting. She
quickly began to tighten up around me and the pressure caused my knot to
swell even bigger. Then I climaxed, my wolf body went into fits of
copulation, my swollen penis throbbing as it shot its load into her.
Indeed it made my oral experience just moments before seem as lacking as
all the experiences I had as a human. I continued copulate for a few
moments and then stopped holding myself insider her as she further
tightened around me, and my knot continued to swell inside her. I then
dismounted and turned myself end to end with her, and we laid down. As I
laid there I thought of the life I now had. A life that was complete. A
love that could now be fulfilled.
     We continued to mate at least once a day for a couple of seasons,
but we both began to change with the coming of spring and the new
responsibilities that were now placed upon us. Destina was pregnant and
we had moved out of the cabin into the wilderness. Destina had selected
a denning site and the responsibility to find food became more and more
my task for Destina could no longer hunt with me. I no longer looked at
things in a human way, the wolf had finally taken over me. Yet I was
never so content as now, for I had a mate who I was now able to give the
love and life she deserved, and a family that I could take pride in.
     I can not say why or how any of this happened to me. Having a life
as Destina's mate was all I ever came to want in life, and
was so much more than I could ask for, that  I did not
On occasion I catch a glimpse of the wolf who I
he is always watching me. The wolf who brought my Destina to me.


--
