Copyright © 1998,    Candy Kane     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.


WARNING: This story is a work of fiction that contains descriptions of explicit sexual acts between females.  If this type of content offends you, or you are under the age of 18, do not read it.






WOMAN2WOMAN by Candy Kane

My name is Christine.  I'm twenty-six, single and work in marketing support for a high-tech computer company.  I had to go to Las Vegas for a four-day trade show, and at the end of the first day of standing in heels talking to customers for ten hours, my feet and legs were killing me.  One of our sales reps, an attractive brunette from Seattle, asked me if I wanted to share a cab back to the hotel.  We had struck up a friendship during the day, and I was happy to have her company.

Her name was Laura and she appeared to be a year or two older than I was.  During our brief lunch break together, I found out that she was divorced and lived on her own.  She had been with the company for three years and was very good at sales.  While working the booth, I caught myself admiring Laura's slim figure: her legs were long and she wore her skirt about mid-thigh.  She got a lot of second looks from the men that wandered on to our booth.  Her eyes were a deep shade of green and her dark hair flowed down below her shoulders.  Between the two of us, we seemed to spend more time turning down propositions for dinner than discussing computer technology.

As the cab pulled away from the convention center and headed towards the Vegas strip, Laura said, "If I had one more guy hit on me today . . ."

"Tell me about it," I said.  "Is getting laid the only reason these guys come here?"

"I spend all my time fighting them off."

"I just want to get to my room and collapse," I said.  "My feet are killing me."

"I feel the same."  Laura brought her right leg up and took her high heel off, rubbing her foot.  Her long legs parted and her dress rode up her bare thigh.

I'd kill for those legs, I thought, realizing I could also see a hint of her black panties.  I was very proud of my legs but seeing hers made me determined to start working out again.

"Think I'll order room service," I said, trying not to be obvious that I was staring.  "That way I don't even have to go out again."

Laura caught me looking and smiled.  Then she said, "Hey, I've got an idea.  Why don't we order room service together?  We'll get a bottle of wine and just relax.  It'll take our minds of the show."

"I love it," I said, intrigued with the idea of spending the evening with this beautiful woman who gave me a more than casual glimpse at what most of the men at the booth were dying to get at.

All the people from our company were staying on the same floor of the hotel, so when Laura and I got off the elevator and found that our rooms were adjoining, we started laughing.  "You didn't plan this, did you?" she asked with a wink.

I wasn't sure what she meant, but it did make for a very convenient evening.  "I'll meet you inside," I said as we unlocked our respective doors.

I tossed my purse on the bed, slipped my heels and pantyhose off, removed my earrings and bracelet, and then went and opened the door between our rooms.  Laura did the same on her side almost simultaneously and we both laughed again.  I really liked the way she smiled, it made me feel warm and at ease.

"So what shall we have?" Laura said.  We sat side by side on the couch; she placed her arm around my shoulders and leaned into me to study the menu I held open in my lap.  She had applied a subtle perfume before she let me in, one that I didn't think she was wearing in the cab.  Was it just to freshen up or was it meant for me.  Either way, the delicate fragrance was enticing.

After scanning the selections, we chose a couple of Italian dishes and a bottle Chianti.  Waiting for the food, we relaxed and talked about the show, the company, and life in general.  I felt very comfortable with Laura and I thought she did the same with me.  She told me about her divorce and how she hadn't dated much since.  While she spoke, she brought her leg up, resting her foot on the edge of the couch.  Again I received an alluring view of the inside of her thighs and a hint of her crotch.  I assumed she was just relaxing and I tried not to stare as I gave her the rundown on all my failed romances too.  I had to admit I was intrigued with what secrets might lay hidden just out of view.

The food arrived and it was delicious.  We quickly killed the bottle of wine and ordered a second.  I don't drink much and the alcohol went right to my head.  Judging from Laura's silly giggles, it was having the same effect on her too.

Finally, we just sat and stared out the window at the Vegas strip below.  "If my feet would only stop aching," I said.  "I can't believe I've got to endure this for three more days."

"I've an idea," Laura said and placed a gentle hand on the back of my neck.  "I used to work as a therapeutic masseuse.  What if I give you a massage?  I guarantee I can make you feel better."

"Laura, that sounds wonderful."  Despite the pain of my feet, I was feeling very warm and relaxed from the wine.  I figured a quick massage and I'd be off to bed.

"Okay, but first, you've got to get comfortable," Laura said.  "I want you to strip down to your underwear."

"Just to do my feet?" I asked.

"Christine, I said I was a therapist.  If I can make your feet feel better, think what I can do to your legs, back and arms."

"This is sounding better all the time," I said, thinking how much I needed to relax before having to do the show again tomorrow.  Without hesitating, I slipped out of my dress and blouse.  Standing in my bare feet with only my panties and bra, I turned around to find that Laura had taken off her clothes as well.  I couldn't hide my surprise as I looked at her shapely body.  She was more beautiful that I imagined.  Her skin was a flawless olive color, her breasts filling her black silk bra fully.  She wore string bikini panties that tightly clung to the sexy bulge between her legs.  So much so, that I could see the distinct lips of her vagina through the thin material.

"Are you all right?" she asked.

"Sorry," I said, shaking my head.  "I stood up too fast and the wine made me dizzy."  What was I doing? I thought.  Here I was alone in a bedroom practically naked with this beautiful woman and I was staring at her crotch.  Suddenly, my body was hot and I felt a tingle between my legs.  I couldn't believe I was getting turned on.

"Okay," Laura said, "lay down on your stomach.  

It was a king size bed and I moved to the middle and rested my head on my arms.  I felt her climb on behind me and I closed my eyes and wondered where this whole thing was going.

"Now relax and breath normally," she said.  "Let me do all the work.  You just enjoy, OK?"

"You're the boss," I said as I took a deep breath.

At first I didn't think she was going to do anything at all.  It was a full thirty seconds before she touched me.  Finally, she took my left foot and started rubbing it, kneading the bottom and gently working the tender flesh.

"That's nice," I said, amazed at her ability to make the aches go away so quickly.  She massaged each toe and them my heel.  It was wonderful.  Then she took my right foot and did the same, quickly relieving the pain and replacing it with pleasure.

I was floating on a cloud, letting my mind drift with the warmth of the wine and enjoying her gentle but firm touch.  Then Laura went back to my left foot.  This time, she brought my foot up so my lower leg was sticking up in the air, bent at the knee.  I felt her scoot her body up, positioning her bare legs on each side of my.  The touch of her warm skin against mine made me aroused.  Next, she let my foot rest on her chest, and with a surprise, I realized the top of my foot was touching her naked breast.  Now I knew what she had done in the thirty seconds before she started.  She had stripped naked.

Laura positioned my foot so her nipple was resting on my big toe.  As she continued the massage, she swayed her body so her nipple gently rubbed across the top of my toes and I could feel it grow hard.  Then she slid her hips forward until my knee was in her crotch.  I felt her moisture on my skin and I gasped.  I had never touched another woman there in my life.  She was wet and didn't seem to want to hide the fact as she rubbed herself on me, using my knee to masturbate.

I felt my pulse quicken and my breathing increase.  What was happening?  Should I stop her?  Between the wine and her wanton touch, my body was on fire.  I didn't know what to do.  I had never been intimate with a woman before.  Did I want to keep going?  Was she seducing me?  Planing to make love to me?  Did she have any idea how turned on I was?

Then, ever so gently, she took my big toe in her warm mouth and caressed it with her tongue.  This sent me over the edge.  My mind raced.  I was so aroused, I couldn't think straight.  I was burning up with the forbidden desire to have sex with her.

I opened my eyes and looked toward the dresser.  In the mirror, I could see Laura making love to my foot.  Watching her was the sexiest vision I had ever seen.  Then she turned her head and looked into the mirror and our eyes met.  With one glance, I knew this had been no accident, no spur of the moment idea.  From the instant she had parted her legs for me in the cab, she had planted the seed of lesbian lust.  The spider had its victim, I thought, and the victim was dying a happy death.

While she watched me watching her, she took each toe into her mouth, licking, sucking, running her tongue between them.  With my foot resting on her breast she brought my other one to her mouth, kissing, licking, loving.

Her hips moved in a sexy motion as she ground her pussy into my bent knee.  I could hear her breathing increase and I felt her wetness flowing out onto my leg.  Then she slowed and moved my leg from between hers.  She leaned forward, and with the touch of a feather, she took the top of my panties and slid them over my bottom and down my legs.  Slipping them off my upturned feet, she then spread my knees apart and started rubbing the back of my calves and thighs.

As she worked her way along my legs, she bent over and I felt her breath on my bottom.  Then she kissed my cheeks and her tongue was in my crack.  When she found my anus, she moaned as she spread my cheeks.  "You smell so good," Laura whispered.

I watched her reflection in the mirror through a sexual fog knowing that I never wanted her to stop.  She was electrifying my body, setting me on fire.  My desire for her was overwhelming.

Laura probed my anus with the tip of her tongue, letting her warm saliva drip onto it before licking me clean.  She pushed her nose in my crack and spent what seemed like hours just smelling me.  Then she spread my legs wide and laid down between them.  Her hot, wet mouth moved down until she was lightly kissing my pussy.  I was about to explode as the heat built between my legs.  I couldn't wait for her to put her tongue in me.  My clitoris was throbbing, begging to be sucked.  The inside walls of my vagina quivered in anticipation of her entering me.  I could feel my love juice flowing out.  My heart raced.  I closed my eyes and let her take me to a place only two women can go.  As I experienced the first lesbian orgasm of my life, I couldn't wait to hold Laura in my arms, smother her with kisses and spend the night making love.  And that's exactly what we did.

The next day at the show, I could think of nothing but her.  As we talked to customers or wrote up orders, we would sneak a smile or wink at each other.  Once, she was standing next to me, and over the noise of the crowd, she leaned into my ear and whispered, "If you're not too busy tonight, maybe we could get together and fuck each others brains out."

I hoped no one could see me turn bright red.

We found ourselves alone once in the small employee break room, and for a delicious thirty seconds, we French kissed.  I adored the sweet taste of her lipstick, the allure of her perfume, the softness of her breasts pressing against mine.  Another time, Laura squatted down behind a counter to get some brochures out of a drawer.  When she saw me a few feet away watching her, she slowly spread her legs and my eyes grew wide as I realized she wasn't wearing panties.

"Are you trying to make me come right here?" I whispered to her a few moments later.

"Of course not," she whispered back with a giggle.  "I going to make you come tonight after dinner.  I just wanted you to see what you would be eating for dessert."

Each day, we played little sexy games all day and then rushed back to the hotel to make love.  It was a tearful scene at the airport when we finally had to say goodbye at the end of the week.  We had made love that morning in bed and again in the shower, and almost missed our planes.  We spend our last moments together kissing in a stall of the ladies room.  As we kissed, Laura reached under my dress and caressed my pussy.  "God, I'm gonna miss you," she said.  "Especially my girlfriend down there."  She had started calling my pussy her girlfriend, and now she used her finger to push the thin material of my panties in between its folds.

"I'd die if I thought I wouldn't see you again," I said, holding her tight.

"There's a trade show coming up next month in New York.  Will you be there?" she asked.

"Only if you will."

"I can't wait," she said, working her finger into me and getting it wet.  Then she brought it to her nose and said, "Oh Christine, I want you so bad."

"I know," I said, desperately wanting to make love to her again.

Then she said, "Promise me you won't fuck anyone between now and then.  Save it all up for me."

"I've already started," I said.

We headed for our planes, and as we hugged goodbye, Laura whispered in my ear, "Christine, I love you."

Then she broke from my arms and ran down the concourse.  As she turned and waved, I knew I was just as much in love with her, and couldn't wait for her to be in my arms again.

Send comments to rytr33@hotmail.com
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
