	They had been tracking her movements for weeks. Wonder Woman had 
defeated the "Warlord" many months before by forcing him through a 
dimensional portal, which closed before he could return to this world. 
She had thought the issue settled then, and had moved on to other crises. 
Unfortunately, she hadn't been aware that, before battling her, he had left 
behind a Servant to care for his hideout and equipment. Through this 
equipment, he had contacted his servant with a plan for his revenge. 
Following his master's instructions, the Servant had built up a good 
dossier on her background, her fighting techniques, and her movement 
patterns and tendencies. He also had assembled the equipment needed for his 
Master's plans. Now, all was in readiness.

	The servant waited patiently on the skyscraper's roof. The dossier 
indicated that she would be flying by this 'scraper soon, as she always did.
He looked around, at the twin beam machines and the mini-helicopter he 
had used for transport...and for escape, he thought, if things went wrong.
He shivered at that thought; no, if he failed, with a super being like 
Wonder Woman, there would be no escape. His thoughts were interrupted by 
the tracking radar hooked to the beam machines: a plane moving at high 
velocity and following the same approach she usually followed. He 
scrambled to the helicopter, dug out a pair of night-vision glasses, and 
rushed back to the radar. He looked up, waited. Then he could see her 
appear, apparently piloting her 'invisible plane' through the night sky. 
He set the tracking program for the first weapon, energized it's coils, 
and fired.

	A high-frequency sonic burst enveloped her plane. He could see her 
put her hands to her ears to try to ward it off, but the shock was too 
powerful, and she slumped in her cockpit, unconscious. As the plane began 
to fall from the sky, Servant activated the second beam machine, and a 
tractor beam caught the plane and brought it in for a touchdown on the 
rooftop. Servant moved to the cockpit, fumbled around for a handhold, 
then found a grip and opened the cockpit "canopy". He lifted the 
unconscious Wonder Woman from the plane and carried her to the 
helicopter, where he quickly placed manacles on her wrists, for all 
Amazons lost their strength when chained by a man, the Princess Diana 
included. The Servant set a bomb to destroy the evidence when he had 
left, placed Wonder Woman across his lap, and flew off into the night sky.

***************************

	Servant looked at the controls in the cavern, and smiled. Yes, 
everything was going as planned. He swept his gaze across the room: it was
a triangularly-shaped cavern, with his part of the room spanning one side 
of the triangle and separated from of the rest of the cavern by a thick 
pane of glass. On the other side of the glass, a state of anti-gravity had 
been established, with the intersection of the other two walls shrouded in 
darkness; otherwise the cavern was well-lit.

	Diana/Wonder Woman was in the anti-grav part of the room. She was 
naked and chained, spread-eagle, within a circle of iron. This ring of iron 
floated about the anti-grav chamber but was prevented from colliding with 
the sides by magnetic spikes which rimmed the iron ring; they reacted with 
sensors in the walls to constantly keep the ring moving slowly in three 
dimensions. Her "magic lasso of compulsion" was secured near the dark corner.

	Servant had prepared her upon their arrival. First, she had been 
injected with a drug which would keep her in a mental state halfway between 
consciousness and unconsciousness; his Master explained this as "while 
her mind is her most dangerous weapon, it can also be our window into her
psyche...". Second, she had been chained so that her bonds would drain her 
strength, as the manacles  had done. Third, and most important, he had 
attached a device called the "mesmerizer" to her. This was a device which 
covered her eyes and ears, and so created a feeling of sensory deprivation,
as well as serving a more...sinister use, which would manifest itself 
shortly. 

	She gently floated and spinned within the anti-grav chamber, her naked
body exposed in all it's beauty and vulnerability. As the shock from the 
sonic blast abated, she almost recovered her senses, but then fell into the 
semi-conscious state induced by the drug. For long moments her head moved 
around groggily, searching for clues to her situation but finding none, 
thanks to the limits on her sight and hearing. She tested her limbs and 
found them bound. She had a vague sense of floating, but this only added 
to her disorientation and confusion. 

	Seeing that she had awakened, Servant activated the link to his 
Master. On the view screen before him, a figure nearly invisible in darkness 
appeared. Servant hesitated, as he always did whenever confronted with 
the Warlord's presense, then asked "Master? She has awakened, and appears 
ready. All you have instructed has been done."

	A deep, foreboding voice responded: "Excellent. Energize the portal... 
and activate the mesmerizer."

	With the flip of a few switches by the Servant, two things occurred. 
The darkened portion of the triangle within the anti-grav section began to 
glow, then to alternate colors, as if in a rainbow river. Also, the unit 
which had thus far served to deprive the woman of sight and sound, activated.
A small computer in the headset switched on, and began to track her eye 
movements. A series of low-intensity eye beams locked her gaze and 
followed her eyes wherever they ventured. The beams then changed in their 
intensity, and the computer began to slowly probe her mind. A powerful 
light-sound matrix of images, commands, and whispered suggestions poured
forth from the mesmerizer into Diana's mind in a program designed to 
weaken her will, lower her resistance, and make her vulnerable and 
mallable to another's will. This was an Amazon, though, and even though 
the beams held her eyes, and though the computer was designed to attempt 
multiple patterns of probing and attack, in her weakened state she was 
still strong enough to ward off the machine's attempt to penetrate and 
infuse itself with her psyche. The strain began to show through her 
body, though, with every muscle tensed and tight as she fought this 
inner battle. 
 
	Meanwhile, the rainbow portal behind her had reached a crescendo of 
colors and light, then froze in mid-stream. Through it, a large masculine 
figure emerged, dressed in warrior's gear which strained against his muscles,
gloves of leather and steel, loincloth, and a mask like grinning death: 
the Warlord had returned. He seemed immune to the effects of the 
anti-gravity, or at least was very skilled in navigating that environment.
He floated near the iron ring imprisoning the princess, and admired her 
for many long moments. Her body was well-muscled, but also exuded femininity
and vulnerability, especially naked and chained as she was. By most men's
standards, she was beautiful, and though they were enemies, the Warlord could 
appreciate her beauty, and want her. She was totally helpless and in 
his power, as he had planned.

	The Warlord extended his hand, and lightning lept from his 
fingers to touch the spikes on the edges of the ring, and the ring 
stopped floating and bore it's captive before the Warlord. He smiled as 
he noted her tense, taut body and how her head writhed slightly from side 
to side, seeking release from the mesmerizer's psychic assault but finding
no respite.

	He floated to the edge of the glass, where the Servant waited for 
his command. "Slave, you have done well. What does the mesmerizer report?"
The servant consulted the control panel before him. "She is presenting 
substantial resistance, but her will appears to be gradually wearing 
down with fatigue, as expected. She appears ready for conversion into the 
desired molecular patterning." The Warlord nodded. "Reduce power on the 
mesmerizer. It must not be damaged during conversion". As his servant 
sped to fulfill the command, the Warlord floated back before the ring.

	As he floated close again, he noted that even in her struggle 
the woman was vaguely aware of her surroundings, moving her head now in 
attempts to seek out why her floating sensation had abated and why the 
intensity of the attacks on her mind had lessened considerably. He 
extended his arms wide, and lightning enveloped the ring and it's 
captive. She cried out and redoubled her efforts against her bonds. 'The 
first conversion,' he thought to himself. 'It converts material objects, 
but only partially shifts flesh. Thus, more is needed...' He dropped his 
arms and the lightning ceased. She was now breathing heavily, and sweat 
began to cover her body in evidence of her ordeal. He moved the ring so 
that now she was slightly above him and her back to him.

	He placed his gloved hands a few inches from her feet, and more
concentrated electric shafts began to caress her flesh, beginning her 
molecular conversion to the Warlord's dimension. He slowly moved up her 
body, and the chains holding her feet tinkled slightly as she moved her 
legs in response to the sensation she was feeling. The hairs on her legs 
rose to touch the currents which kissed and teased them even as they did 
their work. She could sense that something was *happening*, was *changing*,
but could not tell what. Her legs, her thighs and ass, then her back and 
arms were touched and changed by the electricity. He grinned in anticipation
as he rotated the ring, so that now her front was to him.

	He began again with her legs, which repeated their sensuous dance 
with the electricity. He moved up, with the white lightning tracing her 
lips then gliding around her head and the soft curves of her neck, 
causing a slight shutter to run the length of her body. He shifted to her 
arms and shoulders next, then halted for a moment. He moved closer, and 
placed his hands just above her breasts. Electric tentrils enveloped her 
breasts, eliciting a sharp intake of breath from her. The tentrils 
snaked out to encircle her waist, and playfully approached, then 
entered, her femininity. She leaned her head back, nearly overcome by 
the flood of sensations which cascaded over her and poured into her mind.

	After a few moments, he lifted his hands and the electric tentacles
withdrew, then disappeared. Diana's head fell into her chest; she was 
obviously weakened. He turned to the glass. "Slave, was the conversion a 
success?" "Yes, Master. The instruments indicate she is fully converted 
to your side." "And her physical condition?" The servant consulted 
another panel of instruments. "Weakened, but that plays into your plan. 
She should be able to endure...the remainder." Warlord drew himself up 
imperiously. "Excellent. You have done very well. Power is yours, in full 
measure. You shall be my emissary in this world." Servant fell to his 
knees, overcome. "Master, thank you, Master!". "Now go, and begin 
preparations for the next operation, as I described before!" The servant 
scurried off, and the Warlord turned back to the woman.

	He floated close, and reached out to adjust the mesmerizer. 
"No...no..." she whispered as the mind probe returned with even more power,
now seeking to stimulate her sensual and sexual centers. The Warlord 
drifted back and released his loincloth, revealing an erect penis, obviously 
oiled and lubricated in preparation beforehand. He floated to her and 
grasped her fisted hands, forcing her fingers apart with his. With this 
leverage, he captured her legs with his own and moved against her body. 
Her breasts touched his chest, which caused his erection to grow even 
further. He moved his face near hers, so that she would smell and taste 
him with every breath. Slowly, he began to move into her. She realized 
what was happening, and tensed her muscles to resist. As she concentrated 
on this, though, her resistance to the mesmerizer was lessened, and her 
will began to collapse. At the machine's bidding she slowly began to 
climb to orgasm. Her nipples began to harden against his chest, and he 
could feel her vaginal muscles start to lose their resistance. Caught 
between the Warlord's assault on her body and the computer's assault on 
her mind, she reached a threshold, then her resistance collapsed.

	She cried out as her muscles relaxed and he thrust deeply into 
her, then her muscles contracted to hold him tight. They floated thus for 
many moments, he slowly and deeply thrusting in and out of her. He rubbed 
his chest against her breasts, then released one hand and cusped one hard 
nipple in his leathered hand. He caressed and teased it, reveling in her 
vulnerability and helplessness. All this while, the mesmerizer was following 
it's program: with full access to her mind now, the Warlord's program 
implanted subliminal triggers and explored her subconscious, coaxing her 
to new depths of sensuality and releasing parts of her sexuality long 
hidden from herself...a seduction of the soul as complete as the 
Warlord's ravashing of her body. They climbed to orgasm simultaneously, 
he propelled by his own desire and she pulled by the mesmerizer's 
machinizations. She arched her back and surrendered her flesh to him, 
moving now in rhythm to the Warlord's thrusts into her, in the ageless 
dance of need and desire. Their sweat mingled and pooled over her belly. 
They climaxed at the same time, both crying out as he filled her body. 
She felt drowned in the sense of *him* as her womb filled with his seed, 
overwhelming her sense of self and being.

	After a time, finally spent, the Warlord withdrew and examined his 
captive. Diana was covered with sweat, and her pubic region was wet with 
oil and desire. He was satisfied, a good start. He retrieved his 
loincloth from its drifting, and moved toward the flowing portal. As he 
passed the ring, he reached out with the lightning and began to drag the 
ring, and her, with him towards the dimensional portal. As she moved 
towards it, some last vestige of resistance welled up within her and she 
desperately moved in her chains, trying to escape from being drawn 
beyond a portal she could sense but not see. He moved into the portal, 
waited from the ring to catch up to him, then grasped her naked body. As 
he pulled her through she screamed, then collapsed in his arms, unconscious.

*****************************

	She awoke in a bed chamber, feeling drowsy and disoriented. She 
remembered the past day as a druglike fog... her head felt strange, 
though, almost as though someone *else* was these. She sat up, and found 
that her uniform had been replaced by a delicate satin bra and a lace 
string bikini, nothing more. Her bracelets were bound together by silken 
braids. She was surprised by this, but had no time to apprise her 
situation further as she heard the door to the chamber open. A muscular, 
well-tanned man entered with one hand behind his back, and he smiled at 
her menacingly as he approached her.
	She stood up shakily and, clutching a sheet to herself, asked 
"Where...am I? Who are you?" She looked down at her body. " Why...am I 
dressed like this?" "To make you more used to your condition, my dear." 
he answered, then quickly whipped her magic lasso from behind his back 
and threw a loop of its golden rope over her. "Wha...oh." she murmured as 
the lasso whispered around her bare shoulders to rest just above her 
breasts. He addressed her, "Now, you will obey my commands, correct?" 
"Yes...the lasso compels me to...obey." Her head fell as she felt his 
mastery sweep over her and resonate with the subliminals the mesmerizer 
had placed in her. "Good. Drop the sheet". The covering fell to the 
floor as she released it, to reveal her smooth, sensuous body to 
him.  He drew a knife from his belt, moved to her, and cut the silk 
which had been holding her bracelets. He moved back and said,  "I 
command you to  offer no resistance to my commands, whether circled by 
the lasso or not...unless I command you to resist. Now come before me 
and kneel." She did so. "Now bow your head and embrace your master." As 
she embraced his legs and leaned her head against his bulging groin, the 
Warlord knew he had won. He touched her face, and she sighed and closed 
her eyes. He lifted her in his arms and carried her to the bed. He laid 
her down, stripped off her bra and bikini, and began her training in how 
to be a lover and slave to a man.
 
	In the following weeks he trained her and completely dominated her 
with the help of her lasso, the mesmerizer, and his own will, turning her 
into a sensual lover and slave. Eventually, she became a lethal weapon in 
the Warlord's forces, her uniform now a cut as a black leather falcon 
which covered her enough for action, but was carefully revealing enough to 
ignite the Warlord's passion every time he saw her. She was a new woman, 
with her strong body the only link to her past as she fought against 
those she once fought with, in the name of the Warlord, her Master. 

	And thus it came to pass that Wonder Woman was captured and seduced 
by the forces of darkness, whom she serves to this day.
