                    My New Room-mate
                   by Susan M. Hodges


     Well, I finally finished moving into my new house about
two months ago. And boy, what a job.  I am glad all the boxes
and everything are unpacked and put away.
After moving from my college apartment and leaving my
two roommates behind, I really looked forward to moving to Denver
and starting a new life on my own.

The new job was really great, but the night life was a
little slow.  One thing about my new house is that it's so quite
all the time.  About a month ago I met another neighbor in the park
and she had the most beautiful Dane I have ever seen. She bought him
from someone else for companionship, but admitted he was a pretty good
watchdog to have around also.
She came over to my new house for a visit, and admitted she
really was in a fix though. Her job sometimes required her to go out
of town for overnight jaunts, and she hated to leave her dog alone.
Of course, I really didn't feel that I was set up for a dog
so large, but leaving him alone seemed so cruel. So I told her the
next time she had to go, ring me and I might be willing to "dog-sit"
for her.

Well, right then she mentioned that on the next Thursday
she was leaving for Kansas City, and would be back Monday afternoon.
So, I agreed to give it a try, and off they went, happy for the
time so well planned.

Well, Thursday afternoon, she brought Damon over. Along with
him came a large leash of course, and his food and water tray. She
promised to be back as soon as possible, and left for the airport.
Damon sat at the door for a while, as if waiting for her
to walk back in, but after a while he started nosing around the house
and found himself a comfortable spot on the living room floor.

After we both had our dinner, I went into the living room for
some television. Damon came over to my feet and curled up around my
ankles. That night, he slept at the foot of my bed.

Friday afternoon after work, I had almost forgotten he was
there. When I came in through the door, Damon jumped up on me, almost
scaring me to death, licking my face.  He followed me all around the
house, watching me as I had a few beers and began to fix dinner.

After our dinner, I sat on the couch in the living room.
About 10 or so, ( and 10 or so beers ) Damon jumped up on the couch
and lay down beside me. I didn't mind him on the couch really, as his
coat is short and he is very clean.
He was chewing on his toy, and I playfully took it away and
tossed it across the living room floor. He chased after it, all 150
pounds of him. He brought it back to me and layed it in my lap for
another throw. We played toss for a while until he tripped over my
beer and it spilled over on the floor on the carpet.
I went to the kitchen and returned with a towel to wipe it up.
I rubbed the beer out of the carpet and the bottle rolled up under the
couch. I had to get down on my knees to reach under to get at it.

I really hadn't noticed Damon. When I got down on my hands and
knees, he mounted me!  At first I was concentrating on reaching the
bottle and I thought he was still playing. But as I reached up under
the couch further, I could feel his forepaws reach around my waist.

As I began backing out, I could feel him start to hump against my rear,
making motions like he was really fucking me!!!
I blushed as I got up from the floor, and returned to the
kitchen. I threw the bottle in the trash and got another beer from the
refrigerator.  As I turned around, there was Damon, and I couldn't
help but look at him after that encounter. He was just watching me
making no further advances.

I returned to the living room and sat down with my beer.
Damon stood in front of me for a moment, and then jumped up, placing
his forepaws on my shoulders. I had a view of his undersides and GOD,
there was the most huge hard-on I had ever seen, standing stiff and
erect with a large ball about 8 inches from the tip!!!

I was almost afraid to move him, but I reached up and took
his paws from my shoulders and told him to get down.
He jumped right back up in my face, licking my neck and
pushing all his weight up on me.  As I tried to squirm out from under
him, I pushed out sideways on the couch.

Damon immediately came on stronger, bringing his body weight
up on me until my legs gave way and my thighs opened up, giving him
further encouragement.

I held onto his collar, holding his face up out of mine,
but I could feel him starting to hump me again, making hard enough
thrusts that he was forcing my legs open further and his huge dick
was searching for satisfaction.

I felt a burning shame in my mind......what if he ???.....
no....I couldn't......but he just kept jamming his dick into me leg...
...and I started to get slightly dirty pictures in my mind......
of Damon taking me....satisfying his drive in my......
GOD.....this was un-natural....or was it. Damon seemed to
somehow know what I was thinking.....he wouldn't stop thrusting....
....the picture was clear in my mind now.....and I found myself looking
down again at his dick.

It was as huge as ever...and I took one hand away and reached
down under him and rubbed his chest, quickly working my way down his
stomach. He quieted down....waiting???...as I finally reached out and
grasped his dick....I felt how hard it was....he didn't move away...
I had a quick thought, and brought my hand back and spit on it.
Then I grasped his dick again and started slowly stroking it.  I only
had to stroke it a few times to realize what I was doing.....and I made
up my mind.......

Damon got down and let me remove my panties. There was no need
for teasing or foreplay on my part.....my mind was racing, my heart was
beating so hard I could hear it out loud...and my face must have turned
eighty shades of red as I thought of what my desires were suggesting...
Al least with Damon I didn't need to worry about HIM telling...

I quickly undressed right there on the couch and wondered how I should
do this.....on my back ???....on my hands and knees ???...
But Damon was no longer watching....he could smell me....
smell my pussy .... like a bitch in heat......that's what he saw in
me.....a bitch in heat !

I got down on the floor in front of the couch on my hands and
knees....spreading my knees apart and lifting my ass into the air....
wondering if he could be coaxed onto my back.....when
Damon mounted me again....this time there was no turning back...
I knew there would be no way to stop this animal once he started....and
that only seemed to turn me on more......

Damon's forepaws wrapped around my waist....I could feel him
getting into position....his dick was already thrusting...then....
the head of his dick found it's way to my pussy.....THIS WAS IT!!!!

IT WAS REALLY GOING TO HAPPEN !!!!.....My mind was going crazy with
nothing more than pure lust.....lust....I WANTED to be fucked by him ???
I wanted to be fucked by this animal !!!.....this picture in my mind
was driving me crazy with desire.....BEING FUCKED BY A DOG....
Damon's dick was just barely entered into me now....I could
feel him start to hump a little hump and then ...BOOM.....he rammed
it in !!!!!

NO STOPPING like my boyfriends ..... right away everything was
just rammed in .......deep.....and almost all the way out......and then
IN AGAIN....Damon's 150 body just continually kept ramming his dick into
me......I spread my knees further, lowering my ass..and then I could
feel it getting deeper into me.....it was so BIG !!.....GOD........
he was bucking against me wildly now.....I was close to getting off too.
...Then I felt something strange.....the ball on his dick....it was
ramming up against my pussy opening....he was trying to get that in
too.....

No....god.....I can't open up that much.....but Damon kept
right on ramming me.....oh....oh...no.no....the only thing to do
was try and get him off of me.......but Damon GROWLED when I tried
move....and then it was IN....shit....shit.....christ ....he had his
entire dick jammed into me !!!
I buried my face in the carpet.....letting him take me....
there was no way to get him to stop.....oh god....I didn't want him
to stop....he was really close to cumming in me now....I could feel
his thrusts were quicker....I raised my ass higher....offering him
more access to my open pussy........

OFFERING HIM MORE....GOD......I can't believe this !!!...
And I wanted him to !!....my pussy was so wet....I was just beginning
to fully realize I was being fucked.......oh god......now that his dick
was in me all the way.....it was really turning me on more......
He was bucking wildly now......I could feel his strokes
speeding up......oh..it feels so good......and then his dick rammed into
me all the way......he was cumming !.....I could feel it exploding into
me !......

I raised my ass higher offering him all the room I could....
....god....it felt so GOOD to feel him squirting in me !..........
I kept lightly humping back and forth on his dick while he
held still.....squirting all of his cum into me........
