Archive-name: 3plus/workoutt.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Teacher's Pets 


At the risk of sounding conceited, I'll say that I'm a better-than-average-
looking 33-year-old divorced woman.  I'm also a physical-fitness nut.  Knowing
this is what made my next-door neighbor Arty ask me if there was a way I would
help his friend get in shape for his senior year of college football.

Because of our conflicting schedules during the week, I told Arty to have him
come over Saturday.  My spacious basement is an excellent place to exercise.
Besides, I thought it would be more convenient than the public gym.

My alarm was set for eight o'clock, but the persistent ringing of the doorbell
woke me before it went off.  What made it worse was that I was right in the
middle of a very erotic dream.  As I slipped into my bath-robe and grudgingly
went to answer the door, I was acutely aware of the wetness between my legs.

When I opened the door, there stood my neighbor's friend and a buddy of his.
The sight of these two young, muscular bodies standing in front of me with
their cut-offs and tight T-shirts quickly jarred me out of my sleepy daze.

"Sorry to wake you, Ms. Elliot, but Jeff and I are anxious to get started,"
said Brad, my neighbor's friend.

"I am too!"  I said in my sexiest voice.  "You guys go down to the basement,
and I'll be down as soon as I put something on."  Both of these gorgeous hunks
had their eyes riveted to the spot where my loose fitting robe left a large
portion of my 38D tits showing.

When I exercise, I usually wear tights underneath a one-piece bathing suit .
But I wanted to look sexy.  I slipped into a string-bikini bottom and a cutoff
T-shirt that barely covered my bare breasts.  My sensitive nipples were clearly
visible, as were a few strands of blond pubic hair.  "Perfect," I said aloud,
as I pressed the thin bikini up into my wet slit.

When the guys saw the way I was dressed, Brad dropped a dumbbell on his foot
and Jeff tripped while skipping rope.  I spent about 15 minutes trying to teach
them basic aerobic exercises, but it was impossible to hold their attention.
Every time I raised my arms, my tiny T-shirt would ride up, thereby exposing my
tits completely.  When I bent over, the flimsy bikini slipped so far up my
crack that I might as well had been wearing nothing at all.  All of this caused
the bulges in their shorts to swell to the point where they were in pain.

Finally, I giggled and said.  "That's enough for today, guys.  Everyone
upstairs to the shower."

"Did you say everyone?" Brad asked in a shocked voice.

"That's what I said.  The coach needs a shower too," I cooed, taking ahold of
their sweaty hands and leading the way.  Once in the shower, I soaped them both
up, paying special attention to their dicks, which were sticking straight up
from between their legs.  They in turn lathered me up, spending a lot of time
on my blond mound and aching tits.

Finally, I could sand it no longer.  So I instructed Jeff to sit down on the
end of the tub and Brad to get behind me.  While the water sprayed over our
naked bodies, I took Jeff's huge cock deep into my mouth and motioned for Brad
to fuck me doggie style.  Within seconds Jeff filled my with his delicious cum
and Brad blasted his load deep inside my womb.  As for me, I had been having
one gigantic orgasm after another ever since we got under the water.

Later, in my bed, the guys changed places, and I sucked and fucked them both
again.  I must have dozed off, because the telephone woke me, Brad and Jeff
were gone.  It was Arty, my neighbor, on the phone.

"Hi, Angela, sorry to bother you, but Brad told me what a terrific instructor
you are.  I was wondering if you'd be interested in working out with me?  I'm
especially interested in the shower exercises."  His sexy voice left no doubt
as to what he meant.

"Ummm, I'd love to work out with you," I whispered seductively.

"I'll be there in five minutes," he promised.

He was and we did.  As a matter of fact, we "worked out" all afternoon and most
of the night.  I guess I'm pretty good, because he and the guys are thinking of
nominating me for coach of the year!.

--
