Copyright (c) 1997 Drifter .   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@airmail.net


SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL              NOT INTENDED FOR MINORS
               

                    Back To Work  

			by Drifter
			
                       Part 4

     The next day Jenny got home and rushed to her room where she
stripped and jumped on her bed eagerly waiting for Steven to get
there for their daily fuck.  She was even hornier than usual. 
When the phone rang she grabbed it and it was Steven.  He had
gotten in a little trouble at school and would be really late. 
When Jen hung the phone up she swore.

     But she was still horny and she lay back and idly began to
play with herself, thinking about fucking Steven, and Jack and
Stan and Sammy and her Dad....  Her hard little nipples perched
nicely on the top of her large mounds of tit flesh, felt so good
as she played with them.  The other hand was on her clit.  Her
bedroom door was wide open when Karen walked down the hall.  She
looked in and stopped.  Fascinated as she watched Jen do all the
things she enjoyed so much.  Without a word she walked in and
stood beside Jen's bed.  Jen was still unaware since her eyes
were closed tightly.  Karen slowly dropped her clothes to the
floor.  Now nude as Jen she reached out, like Beth had done to
her, and slid one finger into Jen's wet pussy.  Jen's eyes opened
wide as she looked up at her little sister with a grin.

     "Hi baby sister, that feels really nice, want to join me?"

     Karen silently lay beside Jen and began to fingerfuck her
sister slowly.  Their lips met and their tongues danced.  Jen's
fingers were soon in Karen's cunt also.  then after a few moments
of this Jen said,

     "Want me to eat your pussy Karen.  It feels so good."

     Karen just nodded yes and Jen was down on her, her tongue in
Karen's cunt before Karen knew what she was doing.  Karen loved
it, learned fast and soon ate Jen in return.  Jen directed her to
all the sweet spots and soon Jen was coming as hard as Karen had
moments before.   

     Jen was now 17, Karen 16 and Steve 15.  the last year had
been one of real awakening for their entire household.

     As Jen and Karen lay there Karen sighed.  

     "That was so good, first Mom fingers my g-spot and now you
eat my pussy.  It felt so great big sister. Where did you learn
that?"

     "From Mom... Karen... she showed me just recently.... tell
me baby sister, are you still a virgin?"

     "Yes..."

     "Why? ... Don't you know how great it feels to get fucked by
a big hard cock?"

     "Obviously not Jenny."

     "Wait here baby."

     Jen dashed from the room and returned shortly. Karen looked
up at her and she had on her Mom's strap-on dildo with an 8" cock
attached.  She smiled at Karen and said,

     "This will open up your passageways."

     In her hand she had a large tube of KY.

     Soon Karen was chanting with each fuck stroke by Jen,

     "Yes... yes... yes... harder big sister...."

     That was how Beth found them.  As she watched them she went
to the phone and called Bill,

     "Bill, go pick up Steven at school, then the two of you go
out to dinner.  Stay away til about 8:pm.   I am going to teach
Karen and Jen how to eat pussy and how to fuck each other with a
dildo.  When ARE you going to fuck your darling daughters?  If
you want in Karen's little pussy before Jack you better do it
before next week.  I am going to Denver with Jack this week end. 
I will be his hostess in a guest suite in the hotel at the
regional lawyers convention. When we get back I am going to let
Jack fuck Karen. So my darling husband, while I am in Denver
fucking Jack and some of his friends, you better be fucking your
daughters."

     Bill picked up Steven as Beth suggested and he and Steve had
a great time at dinner.  As they enjoyed their meal they talked
about sports and the things they normally talked about, then Bill
said,

     "Steve I'm not sure how to say this... but last night I
watched as you fucked your Mother."

     "Oh shit Dad.... oh shit...I don't know what to say."
     
     "Don't be upset that I know about it son. I have been pretty
sure it was happening for some time.  But last night I watched.  
You were pretty good Steven.  I was proud of you.  I also
understand you are fucking your oldest sister."

     Steve smiled and nodded.  He couldn't figure out why his Dad
wasn't mad at him.  Then Bill smiled and said,

     "Relax son, you see I came from an incestuous family too.  I
had two sisters just like you, and a hot Mom.  From the time I
was 15 I was fucking all three of them just like my Dad was.  I
understand.  My Mom and Dad were swingers and thought we all
should enjoy sex at every chance."

     "Wow Dad.... I thought you didn't know any of the stuff
about the house, about  Mom and Jack and us kids."

     "No I knew and approved...."

     "Dad... why aren't you fucking Jenny and Karen?"

     "I plan on doing that this week end.  Your Mom will be gone
with Jack for the weekend.  What do you think Steve, shall we
have a foursome while she is gone?"

     "Wow, yeah, that would be far out.  You know Karen is a
virgin."

     "I know... I look forward to taking that."

                    ******

     When Bill and Steven got home at 8 the girls were in their
rooms studying, Beth was sitting on the couch in a loose robe
that didn't cover much of anything.  Her large tits could be seen
as her robe gaped open and her legs and cunt were also in clear
view as the robe lay on each side of her ass.

     Steven and his Dad stopped and stared at Beth.  Beth seemed
to be in a daze.  Then Steven said loudly,

     "Mom?"

     Beth looked up at them and smiled.  She seemed zonked and
she said in a slurred voice, 

     "Jenny and Karen and I smoked some stuff Jenny had....
wheeee.  I never did that before..."

     Bill and Steve laughed as they realized Beth was stoned out
of her mind.   Then Beth spread her legs and rubbed her pussy as
they both watched saying,

     "Would you two sailors like to have a good time?"

     Bill and his son looked at each other and grinned.  Bill
scooped Beth up in his arms and carried her to their bedroom with
Steven right behind him.  They closed the door this time and for
the next two hours father and son fucked Beth every way they
could.

     Beth woke up the next morning and looked on each side of
her, her son and her husband and she recalled how they had double
fucked her the previous night.  As she crawled out of bed she had
this huge smile on her face.  It was Friday and she had to get
ready, pack for the weekend with Jack.

     When she was ready she woke Bill and kissed him goodby. 
Bill sat up and looked over at Steven still sleeping.  Then Beth
kissed Bill again gently and said,

     "I loved last night darling.  I loved being fucked by my
husband and son at the same time. Things have never been so good.
I want this regularly as part of our sex life.  But I want you to
fuck his sisters even more.   Do it before I get back Bill, both
of them please.  I will see you Sunday night."

     "Have fun at the convention Beth.... how many men do you
think you will fuck?"

     "All of them that want me Bill.  You really like this don't
you, me fucking other men?"

     "More and more as time goes by.  I was a little shook at
first but then I just got turned on by it."

     "Bill honey, I will tell you all about every cock I fuck
when I get back OK?"

     Bill reached over and slipped his hand under her short
miniskirt  onto her bare pussy and just patted it gently.

     And she was gone.

     Bill reached over and picked up the phone and called his
office to tell them he wouldn't be in that day.  Then he called
the kids school and told them the same.  It was 7:30 in the
morning.  He got out of bed, slipped into a loose robe and went
to the kitchen to make coffee.  He was eager for his kids to wake
up so the orgy could begin....

     He was standing looking out the window as he sipped his
coffee.  He heard a noise behind him.  He turned his head and
there stood Jenny, his beautiful 17 year old daughter.  he ran
his eyes over her full young body.  She had on white sheer
babydoll nighty.  Slowly he ran his eyes over her large tits so
clearly displayed through her thin nighty, with her large
nipples.  Then he dropped his eyes to the crotch of her panties
and her blonde little cunt was in clear view also.

     "Daddy... you like looking at my body huh?"

     "Yeah baby, you are all grown up.  And from what I hear you
are enjoying it a lot."

     Jen smiled at her handsome Dad and cocked her head to one
side as she spread her feet shoulder width and with a mischievous
look on her beautiful face said,

     "What have you heard Daddy?"

     Bill's body was still facing the window away from Jen.  His
cock was growing rapidly as he enjoyed looking at his effectively
nude sexy daughter and realized she wanted to play verbally. 
Bill smiled and winked at her and said,

     "I have heard that you enjoy that sexy body of yours with a
number of young men and a couple of ladies.  I heard that you
loved to fuck."

     "True....Daddy I'm glad you think I am sexy, tell me more
who are you talking about... what did you hear I did with them?"

     "OK sweetheart, I understand that Stan took your cherry and
that now you can teach him a lot about sex.  I heard that Jack is
the one you have learned the most from.  That your brother Steven
helps you daily plus your little sister and then there is
Sammy.... and your Mother.... and others."

     Jen's tits were raising and falling as her breath came in
heavy gasps she was so hot.  She wanted her Dad to fuck her so
bad....  Then she licked her lips and said,

     "What did your hear I did with these people Daddy?"

     Bill chuckled and turned facing her, his big hard cock stuck
out through the opening of his robe.  Her eyes dropped to his
cock and she smiled, a twinkle in her eye to match her Dad's and
she blew him a kiss.

     "Kitten, I heard that you fucked and sucked the guys and
sucked your Mom and little sister.  That you were very good at it
and loved it all."

     "That's true Daddy... I do love to fuck and everything else.
But there is something missing.... I haven't been fucked by my
Daddy yet.... I hope you plan on fixing that."

     She walked over to him and her fingers wrapped around his
hard cock and their lips met.  His hands covered her full tits
and then her ass and then her pussy.  Bill picked her up and sat
her on the edge of the kitchen cabinet and spread her legs wide
as her kissed her hard nipples sucking gently and then kissed her
navel and then his mouth found her open cunt.  Jenny pulled his
head into her pussy and moaned,

     "Yes Daddy... oh so good... "

     When she came Bill stood up and his cock was at the right
height to slip into his daughters wet cunt.  Jen took it in one
hard thrust and she wrapped her legs around his ass and sighed,

     "Oh yes Daddy,  hmmm your cock feels so good in me.  I have
wanted you to fuck me for so long.  I thought I was going to have
to rape you Daddy."

     He fucked her hard and fast and she came a couple of more
times as his cock repeatedly hit bottom in her tight cunt.   The
Bill said,

     "Shit baby I'm cumming...."

     He filled her and it overflowed in a puddle on the cabinet
beneath Jen's hot wet cunt.  Bill slowly pulled his limp cock out
of her.  As it popped free Jen caught it in her hand as she
kissed her Dad passionately and said,

     "Oh Daddy I knew it would be so good with you.  I'm just so
sorry it took you so long to fuck me.  We aren't going to wait
long before the next time are we?"

     "About a half hour baby....."

     "I think I can get him up quicker than that Daddy. The men
say I am awfully good with my mouth.  I want you to fuck my ass
Daddy... I love that."

     She slipped off the counter and dropped to her knees in
front of her Dad and took his limp pussy soaked cock in her mouth
and began to tease, lick and suck on her Daddy's cock.  It was
only seconds until she had it fully hard again.  Bill laughed and
said,

     "You are good at that baby, you must love it."

     "I do Daddy but now I want you in my ass.  Steven put some
KY in that cabinet above you."

     Bill found it and soon had his cock and Jen's ass well
lubricated.   Jen was on her hands and knees in the middle of the
kitchen floor as her Daddy slowly eased his big cock up her tight
ass hole.   She moaned and screamed and came repeatedly as Bill
pounded into the depths of her ass.  When they both came Bill
pulled out with a huge smile on his face.  He had finally fucked
his oldest daughter the way he had dreamed of for years. Then he
heard another feminine voice say,

     "Now it is my turn Daddy."

     Jen and Bill looked up to see Karen standing there nude, one
hand squeezing her tit as the other was fingering her little
cunt.  Bill stood up and pulled her into his arms and kissed her
heatedly, their tongues playing together.  When the kiss broke he
said,

     "I can hardly wait Karen but your sister has fucked me hard
and I have to wait a few minutes."

     Karen smiled,

     "Here Daddy, let me do what Jen did to get you hard again. 
I'm dying for you to take my cherry Daddy, in fact all of my
cherries. Especially since you didn't get any of my slut sisters
cherries."

     She smiled and winked at Jen.  Bill and Karen looked
into each others eyes for a moment then she slowly kneeled at his
feet and took a cock in her mouth for the first time.  Bill
groaned and looked at Jen laying nude, sprawled on the floor
watching them,  he told her,

          "Honey... go wake up your brother... I can see I am
going to need help in satisfying my two hot fucking daughters."

                    ******

     When Sunday night arrived Beth walked into her home after
her wild weekend with Jack at the convention.  It was so quite
and it was only 9pm.  She walked through the house looking for
someone... anyone.  Finally she noticed the light on in the rec
room.  When she walked through the door she stopped in surprise
at what she saw.  Two king sized mattresses had been placed
together in the center of the big room.  Steven, Jen, Karen, Bill
and Jill, Bill's hot secretary, were sound asleep on the
mattresses, their nude bodies all entangled.  There was cum all
over all three girls.  Beth smiled broadly and then noticed the
video camera was still running.  She turned it off and hit
rewind.... this had to be a tape to enjoy. But Beth was so tired
herself she just turned the lights out after taking the rewound
tape out of the camera and headed for her bed and some much
needed rest.

                    end part 4























 
--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....

