Copyright (c) 1997 Drifter .   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@airmail.net



SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL         NOT INTENDED FOR MINORS



              Back To Work

		by Drifter	
	
                 Part 5


     Beth awoke in a fog.... not sure where she was... she had
been in so many different hotel rooms and beds over the weekend.
Then she realized she was in her own bed in her own home but
alone. Where was Bill?  Then she remembered the scene in the rec
room.

     She lay there nude, sprawled out alone in their big bed, her
being alone in a bed was a really unusual event lately.  She
thought about what had obviously happened over the week end with
her family and smiled. As she lay there she reflected how things
had changed in the last year.  A year ago she was a typical
mother/wife who was overweight and all she thought of was her
family.  Now she was fucking all four of her family members and
almost anyone else that looked interesting.

     She slowly got out of bed and realized she was sore.  'So
many cocks', she thought. She stood and looked at herself in the
full length mirror.  Was this hot sexy wanton woman the same lady
who wanted just to get a job to fill her time a year before?????
Well she had filled her time, as well as a lot more.  Then she
decided to see what had been recorded on the tape.  She popped it
in the VCR in the bedroom and the TV came to life.  Beth smiled
and her eyes got big as she watched Bill and Steve double fucking
their youngest daughter who was obviously loving it a lot.  In
the background Jen and Jill were in a wild 69.

     She shut it off... why watch a tape when the real items are
so available.  But she was starved.  She made her way to the
kitchen still nude.  She started the coffee bacon and eggs with
toast for everyone and then walked into the rec room.  She
grabbed Bill's limp cock and pulled gently on it until he woke
up.  She smiled down at him and said,

     "Well you did it darling, I am proud of you.  We both have
stories to share but first wake everyone up.  I will have
breakfast ready in a jiff."

     Bill stood up and pulled Beth to him and kissed her warmly
and then said,

     "This has been the wildest weekend I have ever enjoyed
honey.    You were right... we do have a wild fucking family."

     He patted her cute bare ass and she slipped away. Beth was
delighted with how Bill had followed her lead.    Now anything
could happen.

     Everyone slowly moved into the kitchen.  Steven kissed and
felt up his Mom before he sat down and started to wolf down his
food as if he hadn't eaten all weekend (pussy doesn't count, no
calories).  Jen came in and french kissed her Mom and followed
Steve's example.  Karen came in with a enormous grin on her face.

She hugged Beth and whispered into her ear,

     "Mom I got fucked about a zillion times since you left. In
every hole. I do love this new game."

     Jill and Bill came in together.  Jill looked at Beth and
seemed terribly timid or unsure what was going to happen.  After
all she had fucked this woman's son and husband, not to mention
her two daughters for most of the week end.  Beth picked up on
her fears and walked over and kissed her passionately as she
fondled Jill's big tits.  When she broke the kiss she said,

     "Thanks for taking care of my family while I was off fucking
my boss and his friends."

     Jill perked up and smiled and hugged Beth tight saying,

     "It was my pleasure Beth... anytime... only I hope you are
here too next time. I've wanted to get it on with you and Bill
for a long time."

     "I will be Jill...  I hate missing an orgy."

     Everyone laughed and the food was devoured.  They had not
stopped to eat all weekend.  Steven spoke for them all when he
said,

     "Fucking is too much fun."

     By noon everyone had showered and dressed and made it to
work or school, even if they were a half day late.

              *******

     That night Beth and her family sat around the diner table,
talking about all that had happened, and Bill said,

     "Tell us Beth, we all want to hear all the details about
your week end."

     The kids chimed in agreeing with their Dad.  Beth smiled
and started,

     "OK my darlings ... but be prepared.  You Mom was VERY busy
this week end."

                Beth's Weekend

       "As you know Jack picked me up here and we drove to
     Denver to the hotel where the regional Lawyers convention
     was being held.  I was dressed in my briefest outfit, no
     bra, no panties.  I sat with my left leg up on the seat and
     Jack had a clear view of my pussy as we drove.  He kept
     glancing over at me and his cock got hard. I knew it would.
     I had already decided to give him a blowjob before we got to
     Denver.  I laughed and slid over and pulled his hard cock
     out and slowly sucked him off.  It took me almost 30 minutes
     before I let him cum in my mouth.  I love doing that.
     Truckers can      see right down into the car and they
     always honk and wave.

       I sat up and resumed my position knowing the truckers
     could see me as well as Jack.  It only took us an hour and
     we checked into the hotel and stowed our stuff in the suite
     Jack had reserved for us and the curtesy room for the
     convention.  He had arranged for a bartender and the works.
     The suite had a huge bedroom with a bigger than king sized
     bed in it.  Jack pulled me down on the bed and ate me until
     I came a couple of times... he is so good... hmmm it felt
     sooo good.  Then we cleaned up so we didn't smell like a
     whore house and went down to register for the conference.
     It didn't start officially until the formal dinner that
     evening.

                end part 5

Comments, constructive criticism, suggestions would be greatly
appreciated but be gentle....  where would you like to see this
story go...?

The End... for now...






