Archive-name: Amazon/workhim.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Work Him Over!


     "Don't look now, June, but our peeping tom is at the back
door again," Susan said as her roommate came into the house.
"Mmm," June responded, "he seems to be dropping around often."
     The two girls lived in a comfortable one-story bungalow in a
quiet part of the city.  June was a glamorous-looking dark-haired
girl who was a featured dancer in one of the city's best night
spots.  Her specialty was an exotic number that showed off her
5'7", 130 pound body to perfection.  She moved with a grace and
fluidity that belied her above-average size.  Susan was a
beautiful blonde who modeled lingerie for a large department
store.  She was 5'5" and 118 pounds, and boasted an enticing
figure.
     While both girls were used to having men admire their
figures, and indeed enjoyed it, they were getting concerned about
the peeping tom.  They had first noticed him peering in through
the rear door one night about three weeks ago.  Their first
reaction was to scream, but they had remained silent, hoping he
would go away.  He had left after a few minutes, but had been
coming back, and for increasing periods of time.  He could no
longer be ignored.
     June and Susan now sat in the living room and pondered what
to do.  "He's getting on my nerves," Susan said in a low voice so
the peeping tom could not hear her, "and I'm sure he's the one
that's stolen all those panties of mine off the clothesline out
back."
     "Yes, and I've lost several pairs of nylons to him," June
said.  "Apparently he's going to keep on bothering us unless we
do something."
     "But what?" Susan asked.
     June paused before answering.  "I don't think it will do
much good to call the police.  We don't even know his name.  I
think it would be best to take matters in our own hands.  Suppose
we could lure him into the house on some pretext, pin him down,
maybe take off some of his clothes so he can't escape, and then
work him over until he's so scared and embarrassed he won't think
of bothering us again."
     "Sounds okay," Susan agreed, "but how do we do that?  After
all, he's bigger than either of us, and we might get hurt trying
something like that."
     June shifted her position on the couch, showing a good flash
of nylon as she did so, muttering, "might as well show our
visitor something to keep him occupied while we plot his
downfall."  She continued, "I think, if we work together, we can
handle him.  I'm big and strong enough to give most men a good
tussle, and if I have to get dirty I can be murder on a man in
the clinches - as some of the wolves in this town have found out
the hard way.  And I know you're stronger than you look, and know
a little something about handling a man.  Remember that creep in
the movie lobby?  He's probably still hurting from that knee you
rammed into his stomach?"
     "I still don't know, June.  I don't think we can take him on
straightaway, even together," Susan said.
     "Well, let's use a little strategy and some feminine
weapons," June said.  "I've been thinking about a plan since last
time he was here.  First, to lure him in here, I think we have to
make it seem like there's only one of us around.  He probably
would be too uneasy with both of us.  Now, suppose you pretend to
leave on an errand.  I'll toss some curves his way to get him
really hooked, then 'accidentally' discover him without letting
on I knew he was out there peeping.  Once I get him inside, I'll
turn on the charm and get him in a necking session.  I'll start
unloosening his clothes until he discovers what I'm up to, then
call for help.  You come out from where you've been hiding, and
we'll get him down, sit on him, and take off his clothes.  That
should slow him down.  Then we can tie him up and work him over."
     After listening to June's plan, Susan still had some doubts.
June argued, "the sooner we do something, the better.   He's been
harmless, if creepy, but who knows when he might decided to get a
little more aggressive when one of us is alone.  Besides," she
grinned, "I'm itching to get my hands on him.  It might be fun to
teach him a lesson.
     Susan finally agreed and prepared to "leave" the house to
inaugurate the plan.  "So long, I'll be back in a few hours," she
called out, loud enough for the man to hear from the rear of the
house, as she picked up her purse and strode towards the front
door.
     "Good night, Susan.  I'll do a few chores around here before
going to bed," June answered.  She took a long, leisurely stretch
on the couch, knowing it provided a good show for her prey.
After languishing a few more minutes on the couch, she arose and
began to clean up the room, picking up magazines and
straightening furniture.  She knew the stooping and bending would
be appreciated by him.  She pretended dissatisfaction with the
position of the couch, and gave it a few tugs, but could not move
it to where she wanted.  She sighed, then strode rapidly toward
the back door, apparently to get something from the rear of the
house.  She saw the face disappear quickly and knew he was
fleeing.  But she reached the back door and flipped on the switch
to light up the backyard a few seconds later.  As she stepped
through the door she pretended to notice him for the first time.
He had had time only to get several strides away from the house.
     As June let out a little "oh," he stopped in confusion,
realizing that he was close enough to be recognized and that his
nocturnal peeping might be spoiled because of it.  He turned and
faced her, trying to regain his composure, and said, "Hello, I
was just cutting through your back lawn to save some steps on the
way home.  I'm sorry if I scared you."
     "That's okay," June said breezily, "anytime."  She was
sizing him up, and saw a light-haired man, probably in his mid-
twenties, of about average size.  He was smiling at her, but his
whole demeanor was one of deceitfulness.  She disliked him more
than ever.
     "Say, if you're not in too much of a hurry, could I borrow
your muscles for a few minutes?" she quickly asked.  "I want to
move a couch and can't by myself.  I was going to get a crowbar
or something from the garage, but I'm sure you'll do a better
job."  She accompanied her request with a dazzling smile, one few
men could resist.
     "Uh, well, I just..." he stammered, but June cut in.
     "Oh, it will only take a minute.  Pleased," she coaxed.
     "Okay," he agreed, "if you're really in need of help."  He
followed her into the house and in a few minutes had the couch
where she wanted it.
     "Why, thank you very much," she said.  "Say, I don't even
know your name."
     "Jim.  Jim Weston," he replied.
     "Well, thank you, Jim.  It was very kind of you.  Now
perhaps I can repay you with a kiss."
     She moved close to him as he stood before the couch.  Before
he could say anything, she put her arms around him and gave him a
long, vigorous kiss.  Her hands roamed over his body, and she
ascertained that he was not particularly muscular.  Just average.
     She ended the kiss and grasped his shoulders.  "Mmm, that
was delicious," she said.  "Shall we try some more?"
     Without waiting for a reply, she embraced him again, only
this time she leaned her full weight against him and made him
stumble backwards onto the couch, her body atop his.
     Jim was thoroughly mystified by her aggressiveness.  Never
had such a beautiful, desirable woman thrown herself at him with
such abandon, and he wondered what had possessed her.  His first
thought was that it might be related to his peeping activities,
yet the girl had given no sign of doubt when he had explained his
presence in the backyard.  What, then?
     He had little time to think about the reasons, for June was
forcing his attention elsewhere.  Her tongue was exploring his
mouth, and her hands were roaming over his body again.  She could
feel his initial stiffness and uncertainty melt under her expert
ministrations.  He was apparently, and understandably, beginning
to enjoy it.  His arms went about her and began to explore her
body.  She overcame her feeling of disgust at having him handle
her this way by thinking of how short his pleasure would be.
     As soon as she felt that his hands were busy on her and that
his attention was fixed thoroughly on the pleasure of the moment,
June started to work.  She kept one arm about him while she
sneaked one hand down to his waist to undo the clasp on his
trousers and ease his zipper open.
     Now the more difficult task of working his trousers over his
hips.  To accomplish this, she began to move and toss about,
ostensibly to add variety to their necking.  This made Jim move
too, and every time he raised a hip she gave a slight tug on that
side of his trousers.
     But by the time she had his trousers pulled halfway down his
thighs, he noticed what she was doing.
     "Hey, what are you up to?" he yelled, pushing her off him
and grabbing at his pants.
     June knew her curves no longer were effective, but, feeling
confident of a victory, she grabbed at his trousers and said
angrily, "Just a little reverse panty raid, Mister.  You like to
steal our clothes, so we're about to steal yours.  Come on,
Susan, let's get him."
     Horrified, Jim struck out angrily at her and clipped her
chin, tumbling her off the couch and onto the floor.  The blow
hurt, and June knew he would not hesitate to hit either girl,
hard, to prevent his capture.
     "Quick, Susan," she cried, as he hurriedly arose, pulled up
his pants and fastened the clasp.
     Susan rushed from the bedroom, where she had been hiding,
and jumped Jim from behind, throwing one arm around his neck and
grabbing his hair with the other hand.  He started throwing
elbows violently.  One caught Susan in the stomach, and she
sagged to the floor.
     Temporarily free, Jim started running to the back door and
freedom.  But June, still on her back from his shove, stuck out a
foot and tripped him, sending him sprawling on his stomach.  Both
Jim and June scrambled to their feet and raced each other to the
door.  Jim reached it first, but as he turned the knob June
stopped him by grabbing the top of his trousers in the middle of
his back with both hands.
     "Whoa!" she said.  "You're not going to get away now!"
     To his amazement, Jim could not pull her off him.  He could
not believe this lovely creature was strong enough to hold him.
He was further amazed when she planted one foot against the side
of the doorframe and began straightening her leg.  He was pulled
away from the door, and he heard the clasp of his trousers break
from the tension.
     He reached down to redo it, and June took advantage of this
to reach down and grab both of his cuffs.  She jerked up and his
feet flew out form under him.  He tumbled to the floor, rolling
onto his back before he could stop his momentum.
     June crouched over him like a tiger and noticed that her
last tug had pulled his trousers down halfway on his thighs.
With a gleam in her eye she slammed a high heel to the floor in
the space between his crotch and the top of his trousers, then
knelt to place one knee on his stomach as she tried to wiggle her
let through the opening between his thighs, to that he could not
pull his trousers up.
     Jim tried to rise, but June caught his chin with the heel of
her hand and jolted his head back.  He was knocked flat on his
back, and his head rang as it struck the floor hard.
     This took the fight out of him for a few seconds, and a look
of panic spread across his face as he now realized that he was
going to lose the battle.  This lovely, exotic creature atop him,
whose name he did not know but whom he had admired and watched
secretly for weeks now, seemed determined not to let him get
away.  She was a strong, efficient, deadly foe.
     As she shifted position so that she sat with her full weight
bearing down on his hips and thighs, she laughed, "Now, you
sneak, we have you where we want you.  Let's see how much fight
you have without your pants!"
     Jim tried to toss this devilish creature off, but she was so
firmly seated that he could hardly budge her.  She pinched and
tickled him until he gave up and ceased struggling for a moment.
     By this time Susan had regained her breath and was eager to
get even with Jim.  She now stood over his head, and June said to
her, "Good, girl, back to the battle.  I've got him under
control.  You sit on him up there and I'll remove his pants."
     "Only glad to!" Susan said.  Looking up, Jim saw another
girl with fire in her eye.  She wasn't as big as the vixen
pinning his hips, but she seemed as determined.
     With a cry of delight she said, "I have just the way to do
it, June.  Since he likes my panties so much, I'll give him a
first-hand view of the pair I have on!"
     She hitched up her skirt and, with a rustle of silk and
nylon, began to sit down on his face.  Jim started to yell and
raised his hands to ward her off, but she grabbed his wrists and
sat hard on his face.  His protests were cut off, and his vision
blocked as he was squashed by a pair of silk panties and
surrounded by a jungle of nylon, skirt and negligee.  He could
hardly move or breathe, and Susan added to his discomfort by
bouncing up and down a few times.
     "Beautiful, beautiful!" June said.  "How appropriate!"
     Jim could feel her shift her position and start to remove
his trousers.  He bucked desperately, but got nowhere.  Nearly
250 pounds of shapely but surprisingly strong womanhood was
seated strategically atop him, and he didn't have a chance.  The
girl on his head was only of average size, but she knew how to
pinch and claw and pull at his hands and fingers so that he could
not get a good hold on her.  And every place he did grab seemed
to be covered by slippery nylon or fragile undergarments that
frustrated him further.  The girl on his hips knew exactly how to
use her weight to prevent him from kicking.
     June now had his trousers at his ankles and pulled them off
his feet after removing his shoes and socks.
     "To the victors belong the spoils!" she shouted, as she held
his trousers aloft triumphantly.
     "Three cheers for us," Susan added.  They then teamed up to
remove his shirt.
     He was now wearing only his shorts, and Jim felt June grasp
the top of them.  With a wink she asked Susan, "Shall we remove
these, too?"
     Susan answered shyly, "Let's let him keep them awhile.
Maybe later we'll find it necessary to take them off."  She then
rose from her seat on his face.
     Jim let out a double sight of relief, but June quickly moved
up to straddle his chest.  She was not laughing now.  As Susan
gathered up his clothes, June said firmly, "Now, Mr. Weston,
let's have some explanations as to why you've been peeping on us
and stealing our clothes."
     He looked exceedingly embarrassed, and when he did not reply
for several seconds, June grabbed his shorts and said menacingly,
"Talk!"
     "I didn't mean any harm," Jim stuttered.  "You're both so
attractive, I just couldn't help watching.  And I was afraid
you'd turn me down if I asked you for a date."
     "You're right there!" June responded.  "Neither of us can
stand creeps.  But why steal our nylons and panties?"
     Jim was really sweating as he answered, "I just considered
you had the best pair of legs I'd ever seen, and she had such a
beautiful figure, I wanted something to remind me of them."
     "How disgusting!" said Susan, who had, unnoticed by Jim,
locked the doors so he couldn't run out.
     "I agree," said June, "now what to do with this...thing?"
     "Please, please, let me go!" Jim begged desperately.  "I
won't bother you again.  I won't peep, I won't take your things.
Please, I was only admiring your figures."
     His pleas were so fervent and appeared so sincere, that both
girls started to soften.  As he continued to beg, they looked at
each other and decided that perhaps they had taught him enough of
a lesson.  Much as she would like to continue, June thought that
he had, in his perverse way, paid them a compliment.
     "Okay, you can go, if you promise not to bother us again,"
she said as she arose from him, "but don't ever let us see or
catch you around here again!"
     Jim got up slowly, gathered up his clothes in his arms, and
then walked to the rear door.  He paused there, turned, and the
fury that had built up inside him as the girls had taken him down
and taken off his clothes exploded as he said, "You can be sure
I'll never be around here again, you devils!"
     THen, as the girls listened in amazement, he started calling
them names that brought blushes to their faces.  Their amazement
turned to fury, and they started walking toward him.  He grabbed
the doorknob and said, "You'll never catch me!  I know my way
through the backyard, even in the dark!"
     He pulled he knob, but nothing happened.  He pulled again,
and it still did not budge.  Frantically he jerked as the girls
closed in.
     "Don't bother, buster, it's locked!" June said.  "Now you'll
really get what you deserve!"
     He whirled to find two grinning girls.  He dashed between
them for the front door, but found it locked too.  He turned and
found himself being stalked like jungle prey by two tigers in
high heels.  He dropped his clothes and started moving
frantically so they could not corner him.  And he looked
desperately for a route of escape.
     "What's the matter?" June cooed.  "Afraid of a couple of
girls?  Why you're bigger than either of us."
     Jim saw a door and ,hoping it led to the outside, opened it
and dashed through.  A peal of laughter arose from both girls,
and too late he realized he had entered one of the girls'
bedrooms.
     They chased him inside, then June shut the door, locked it,
and said, "Now I've got you in my room.  And you'll wish you
never saw it before I'm through!"
     Seeking any out he could, he said, "That's not fair, two
against one!  You wouldn't be so brave alone!"
     June replied, "We're not interested in being fair to you.
Only in fixing your little red wagon and your vile tongue.  But,
if you insist, I'm very happy to take you on - alone!"
     She began unzipping her dress,and as she stepped out of it,
Jim realized why she was so strong.  Her attire of a brief, sexy
bra and panties revealed a flat, firm stomach, strong muscles
along her thighs, and a well-built pair of shoulders.  She was as
solid as a rock, and incredibly curved.
     "Susan," she said, "Get a pair of nylons out of the dresser.
Since he likes mine so much, I'll use a pair to tie him up!"
     Jim eyed Susan as she went to the dresser and wailed, "Tie
me up?  What are you going to do?"
     June said confidently, "I'm going to take you down and tie
and gag you so you won't be able to move a muscle.  Then we'll
decide what to do next."  She was confident that he was so
confused and scared, she could handle him fairly easily now.
     As he backed away from her, she mocked, "Afraid of even one
girl, big boy?"
     He tried to break by her, but she grabbed a hand, sat back
on the nearby bed, braced one foot against the bedboard at the
foot of the bed, and began pulling.
     Jim saw the muscles along her leg bulge as she straightened
her leg.  Though he tried to pull away, her let was too strong
for him, and he felt himself being pulled steadily toward her.
     "C'mon to bed with me," June taunted, "there are a few
things I want to try with you!"
     With one big, final push of her leg she tumbled him into bed
beside her.  Before he could recover she was all over him.  She
pinched him cruelly in the ribs, jerked his hair hard, twisted an
earlobe, then smashed a knee into his stomach to double him over.
She pushed him onto his stomach and jumped astraddle his back,
then snaked an arm around his neck and applied a tight
stranglehold.  He tried to roll her off, but she rode him
expertly.  She squeezed hard for several seconds, and when she
let go his head bobbed limply.
     "Give me a nylon," she ordered Susan, and while Jim tried to
regain his breath she turned around and sat on the back of his
legs as she deftly wound a nylon around his ankles and tied a
knot.  His legs were now immobilized.
     "Now, let's tie those arms behind his back," she said, as
she again straddled his back.  She reached for his hands, but in
desperation he clutched them together under his body.
     June only laughed at this futile move and said, "That won't
stop me!"
     She reached under, grabbed one of his little fingers and
began to bend it back.
     "You bitch!" Jim cried, as pain shot through his entire arm.
     Her bending made him release his hold, and June dragged his
arm from under him and twisted it behind his back.  She took the
other nylon from Susan and wrapped it around his wrist, then
moved a knee up to pin his wrist against his back.
     Then she reached under and extracted his other arm by the
same grip on the little finger, pulled it behind his back, and
knotted the wrists together.
     Jim started to sob at being so manhandled, and June said,
"Why, our big man is crying like a baby!  And I've hardly
started.  I think we must wash out his mouth with soap for those
names he called us, Susan!"
     Susan replied, "You bet!  I'll get the soap."
     By the time she returned with a bar o soap, June had rolled
Jim onto his back and was kneeling at the back of his head,
facing him, a knee at each side of his head.  She took the soap
and ordered, "Open up."
     But Jim clamped his mouth shut.
     "That's no trouble either," June said as she clamped his
nostrils shut with one hand.  As his supply of air faded, Jim
shook his head violently, but her knees restricted his movement.
He was finally forced to gulp for air, and June shoved the bar of
soap in.  He tried to spit it out, but she held a hand over his
mouth.
     The soap taste filled his mouth and made him choke and gasp
violently, as the girls laughed.  It seemed like an hour before
June removed her hand and he could hobble to the bathroom and
spit out the soap.  They even held a glass of water for him to
rinse out his mouth, and bubbles cane once again.
     But his trial was not yet over, for June then jammed a pair
of rubber falsies into his mouth and secured them there by a
bright red silk scarf, which she knotted behind his head.
     Now he was both bound and gagged with the type of feminine
articles that he coveted so secretly.  June and Susan gazed down
in triumphant satisfaction at their helpless, miserable victim.
     "Lovely job, don't you think?" Susan asked.
     Next Susan returned with her camera and flash unit.  Jim
tried to roll off the bed to escape this final humiliation, but
June took a firm grip on his two ears and twisted him back onto
the pillow as one bulldogs a steer.  Then she plopped her firm
and shapely buttocks, clad in their lacy black panties, fully on
his chest, adding to his discomfort in having his nylon-bound
arms beneath the weight of his body by putting her own full
weight on it.
     She raised her clenched fists up and outward in the
traditional pose of the victor, causing her lovely, full breasts
to jut out over her foaming, gagged prey like a canopy.
     "Smile for the camera, you helpless, woman-whipped sissy!"
she said, turning her head for a pose.  "We'll make several
copies of these, Jim Weston, and keep them handy to post on you
company bulletin board or publish in the plant newspaper if you
ever bother us once we release you or don't do exactly as we say.
There's a lot of information about you in your wallet
identification cards."
     Gagged as he was, all that the poor man could do was
register an expression of fear and shake his head to let them
know how completely he was at their mercy.
     "Maybe by now Mr. Weston would like to apologize to us, "
Susan suggested.  She took the gag off and untied him.
     Dry-mouthed and rueful, the sore-muscled, exhausted man
could only lie there gasping.
     "You've had us living a life of terror for a long time now,
uncertain when the peeping tom would show up again or strike or
steal something of ours or maybe hurt us.  Now you can know a
little of what it's like!"
     "I'll try to do whatever you say," he said cringing.
     "Good!" Susan cut in.  "Now go outside and get your things
on.  Then stick this pair of nylons we had you all bound with in
your pocked so that the tops and feet show fully and prominently.
We want everyone you pass to notice them.  And don't put them all
the way into your pocked until you get home!"
     Scarlet with embarrassment, the man in the panties with the
lipsticked mouth went into the yard and got dressed.  He was
careful to arrange the nylons as they had ordered in his breast
pocket and walked away.
     The dangling nylons seemed a flag of victory to the girls,
and they grinned with pride as their victim slouched home with
his tail between his legs, or his nylons hanging, as it were.

--
