Copyright (c) 1997 Drifter .   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@airmail.net



SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL              NOT INTENDED FOR MINORS

               Back To Work 

		by Drifter

                  Part 6

          I got lots of stares from men and women and I knew this
     was going to be a fun weekend.  I leaned over and whispered
     in Jack's ear,
     
          "Everyone is looking at me like they could eat me.  Are
     there any special rules boss?  Or do I just fuck everyone?"
     
          He laughed and whispered back, 
     
          "You know how I like you to behave ... just enough so
     we don't get arrested.  I expect our courtesy room to be the
     envy and talk of the convention because of you.  Who you
     fuck is up to you as long as you take care of me."
     
          Beth looked up at him and smiled very mischievously.
     Then she kissed him on the cheek and said,
     
          "I will see you later in the room boss."
     
          Jack noticed everyone turn to look at this gorgeous 
`    sexy lady with the short, short skirt and the big firm tits
     damn near overflowing her low cut blouse.
     
          Beth walked to the elevator not sure what kind of
     trouble she was looking for, just that she was looking, ..
     hunting.  As she walked up to the elevator a couple stood
     waiting.  Beth looked them over and was impressed, both of
     them were gorgeous and dressed to spell money in capitals. 
     She was, though well dressed, a sex bomb in disguise.  But
     not too much disguise.  The skirt hugged her trim ass like a
     second skin and her long legs were mostly revealed under
     her brief skirt.  The two of them were looking her over as
     she scanned them.  Their eyes met and they all smiled almost
     nervously.  Beth's eyes met hers and Beth instantly saw a
     kindred spirit.  There was pure lust in her eyes.
     
          The elevator opened and the three of them stepped in. 
     Out of the corner of her eye Beth saw the gorgeous brunette
     turn to whisper something to her companion.  To Beth's
     surprise she could hear her clearly.  Somehow the elevator
     corner reflected the sound and Beth heard her say,
     
          "Robert I WANT her."
     
          Robert turned and looked at Beth.  Beth smiled and
     winked at him.  Beth was getting very wet very fast.  Then
     Robert said,
     
          "Hi... are you working the convention?"
     
          Beth was confused briefly then realized he thought she
     was a hooker.  A high priced hooker.  They were usually
     around the Law Conventions.   Lawyers made big money and
     liked to party.  Beth smiled at them and replied,
     
          "Yes.... you interested?"
     
          "WE are, is that a problem?"
     
          "Not at all, when?"
     
          The brunette spoke up quickly,
     
          "Now Robert... lets go to our room now."
     
          Beth was amazed at the lust she saw in her eyes.  Now
     she wanted this woman as much as she seemed to want her. 
     Then Robert spoke,
     
          "I assume you are available now but let's get the
     preliminaries out of the way,  how much for the day?"
     
          Beth almost choked as she thought, 'they really were
     willing to pay to fuck her'.
     
          She smiled and said,
     
          "For the two of you until 5:00pm, $1000."
     
          "Done, I assume cash will be acceptable."
     
          "Very acceptable Robert, I am Beth and I am yours until 5:00pm."
     
          "And Paulette's."
     
          Beth stepped up to Paulette and their lips met.  Their
     tongues danced their hands roamed and Paulette and Beth were
     gasping for breath by the time the elevator reached their
     floor.  Paulette had two fingers in Beth's cunt and was
     finger fucking her rapidly gasping into their kiss,
     
          "Cum you hot fucking cunt.  Cum."
     
          Beth did just as the door opened.  They stood there
     finishing the play as Beth came down.  Robert watched and
     soon the three of them rushed to their door.
     
          Inside Paulette stripped Beth and then herself.  Robert
     was doing the same.   Soon Paulette said,
     
          "Robert darling, I want you to fuck her while she eats
     me, then I want to eat your cum out of her cunt."
     
          Beth knew who would be calling the shots.  She looked
     over at Roberts cock and smiled.... she was ready.  Robert
     mounted her dog fashion his cock buried to the hilt in one
     stroke and Paulette lay on her back so Beth's mouth was at
     her cunt.  Paulette raised up and kissed Beth hard again
     jamming her tongue in Beth's mouth as Robert fucked her
     hard...driving into her deep. Beth responded to both of them
     and then Paulette laid back and said,
     
          "Oh suck me good, pretty Beth... eat my cunt now..."
     
          A bit later while Beth sucked Roberts cock Paulette put
     on a strap on dildo and drove it into Beths tight ass
     thrilling both ladies.  The day was spent in unbridled sex
     of every description possible with three people.
     
          Beth earned her money and at 5:00pm, freshly showered
     Beth left them with ten one hundred dollar bills tucked into
     her purse.  As she opened the door to the suite she laughed,
     and thought,  $1000 for doing what I love, damn is this a
     great country or what?  Who said hookers were dumb?
     
          Beth changed clothes.  She knew they were going to a
     formal dinner that night.  She got out a floor length velvet
     gown that fit her glorious body like a glove,  The top was
     low cut exposing just the right amount of her tits. It was
     slit high up one leg revealing her great looking legs each
     step.  High heels and matching sheer hose that didn't need a
     garter to stay in place.  No panties, no bra. She looked
     like a million dollars in it.  Beautiful and grand and very
     sexy. The choice word was elegant! She dressed and laid out
     Jack's tux and accessories.  She was starting to get a
     little worried as Jack was late.  Then he came rushing in. 
     He jumped in the shower and dressed and they were out the
     door.  At the elevator he looked at her and exclaimed,
     
          "God Beth you are gorgeous in that dress.  I just
     slowed down enough to notice..... every guy in there tonight
     will be envious of me."
     
          Beth kissed him and thanked him and thought, 'Well
     maybe one couple won't be too envious.'  In the elevator
     Jack asked how she spent the day.  She smiled and said,
     
          "I made $1000 for fucking this couple all day."  
     
          She gave him all the details.   Jack was delighted.  He
     laughed and laughed with Beth and said,
     
          "Well I know they got their moneys worth. Who were
     they?"
     
          "I don't know but their first names were Robert and
     Paulette."
     
          "No... are you serious?  He's tall damned good     
     looking, reserved.  She is a brunette, tall built out of
     this world, like you only taller?"
     
          "Sounds like them Jack, why do you know them?"
     
          "Know them? Paulette is my sister.  I went to Law
     school with Robert.  God this is priceless.  My sister and
     her husband pay for you to be their hooker for the day.  Oh
     get ready darling... we are sitting with them at dinner."
     
          Beth stopped mid stride as they were walking from the
     elevator to the dining room as Jack told her that.  She
     looked at Jack and smiled,
     
          "Is this going to be a problem?"
     
          "I have no idea my love."
     
                    *****
     
          We entered the large dining room and looked for our
     table. They were identified by number signs on little
     stands. Jack saw our's and led the way. I followed him by a
     step.  Then I noticed Robert and Paulette were already at
     the table.  They saw Jack and jumped up to welcome him. 
     They hugged like old friends or relatives then Jack said,
     
          "I want you to meet someone very special to me, this is
     Beth, my law assistant."
     
          They turned to see me and I had to work to keep a
     straight face.  The looks on theirs was beyond description. 
     But they quickly regained control and pretended not to know
     me as Jack introduced us.  We sat down and I noticed they
     both kept glancing at me hungrily, and curiously.  We had
     quite a day and it was obvious both of them wanted more but
     they had no idea how to react to the new situation.  The
     conversation was animated and soon we were all chatting like
     old friends. Jack was effusive in his praise for me and how
     valuable I was to him.  Then I said I had to go to the  ladies
     room and looked at Paulette and asked if she would like to
     join me.  She jumped up eagerly.  You could tell she
     was dying to get me alone for some answers.
     
          We had the ladies room all to ourselves and Paulette
     said,
     
          "Beth... what... who... how....?"
     
          I laughed and replied.
     
          "You and Robert just assumed I was a hooker.  I had
     dressed the part to please Jack.  To tell you the truth, you
     looked so good to me, so did Robert, I couldn't resist going
     along with it.  Then I had to take the money to keep from
     ruining the rest of the day.  It was fantastic.  One of the
     best days I have ever spent in bed.  Profitable too."       
          
          Paulette was laughing so hard her dress popped open and
     her large breasts fell out.  We both stood there looking at
     her bare tits and her hard nipples and she said,
     
          "Darling Beth, would you like to help me put these back
     in my dress?"
     
          "No, I want to strip you and replay this afternoon."
     
          Paulette smiled and started to tuck her breasts back in
     her dress as she said,
     
          "Me too Beth... what about you and Jack, how close are
     you two?
     
          "Everything you can think of Paulette.  Your brother is
     very talented, or did you already know that?"
          
               "I have always suspected that was so.  He always
     had a string of sexy young things around him.  But no... no
     first hand experience with my big brother."
     
          "Too bad Paulette, I can just imagine the four of us in
     bed."
     
          "Hmmm Beth... so can I ... but I don't think Jack would
     be interested in me."
     
          "Paulette you know that's a crock.  You are one of the
     sexiest women I have ever known. When I saw you I wanted
     you.  Jack would love to fuck that tight cunt of yours.  Not
     to mention all the other areas."
     
          Paulette's nipples were hard and showed clearly.   She
     kept closing her eyes and licking her lips hungrily.  Then
     she said,
     
          "How...?"
     
          When we get back, dance with him, close, real close.  I
     know he will get a hard-on on the floor.  Do that a couple
     of times then after that we will all go up to our suite and
     I will make sure it happens.  I can hardly wait... should be
     a fun foursome."
     
          "God... yes Beth... the truth is I have wanted him for
     years...."
     
                         *******
     
          Back at the table I saw Paulette smile at Robert and
     wink and nod her head.  Robert looked over at me and I
     winked.  Then the band started.  Paulette pulled Jack to his
     feet saying,
     
          "Come on big brother, show me your stuff..."
     
          Jack followed his sexy elegant little sister to the
     dance floor.  I noticed his eyes glued to her trim ass which
     she was swinging nicely for him.  When they were gone,
     Robert asked me to dance.  On the floor he pulled me
     against his firm body and I felt the beginning of his hard
     cock again that day.
     
          "Beth darling, what the fuck is going on?"
          
          "Robert, I didn't tell you I was a hooker.  You just
     assumed.  I dressed slutty for Jack's pleasure this morning. 
     He loves that.  Loves to show me off to others."
     
          "Does Jan know about you two?"
     
          "His wife knows I work for him.  She doesn't know I am
     his mistress.  Doesn't know he fucks me almost every day or
     that we swing occasionally with other couples.  Speaking of
     that, did you know your wife was dying to fuck her big
     brother?"
     
          "I'm not surprised.  Paulette is always horny, has a
     huge appetite for men and women.  We have been into swinging
     for a couple of years now.  Are we going to party after this
     is over?"
     
          "Yes... in our suite... I can hardly wait to watch Jack
     fuck his little sister.  I can tell from the feel of your
     cock against me that you sort of like that idea too."
     
          "I do Beth.  Not to mention I am eager to fuck you
     again.  Today was fantastic."
     
          "Oh, remind me to give you your money back."
     
          "No darlin' you keep it.... I sort of like the idea you
     were my whore for a day."
     
          I hugged him tight and replied,
     
          "Robert... I will be your whore anytime you like."
     
          The band stopped and they returned to the table. 
     Paulette and Jack were there already and Paulette was
     flushed, her nipples hard and showing.  Jack had a strange
     smile on his face.  Paulette said,
     
          "Could we all go up to your suite now?"
     
          I looked at her and then at Jack.  He smiled and I knew
     they had already come to an understanding.  We all got up
     and headed for the door.  Jack walked with Paulette, his arm
     around her small waist.  Robert slid his arm around me and
     we followed them.  Robert smiled at me and said,
     
          "She is ready.... "
     
          "Aren't we all."
     
          As the elevator closed with just the four of us, Jack
     pulled Paulette into his arms and kissed her deeply.  We
     could see their tongues moving in and out of each others
     mouths.  Paulette was hunching her pussy against Jacks cock
     as we heard her moan and sort of growl.  Robert was standing
     behind me grinding his cock into my ass, his arms around me
     his hands full of my tits as we watched them.  At our floor
     we had to interrupt them.  They broke and headed for the
     suite.
     
          Inside, clothes were flying and in no time the four of
     us were all nude.  Paulette was on her knees as she sucked
     her brothers huge hard cock as deep into her mouth as she
     could.  Robert was a voyer like me, and he entered my
     dripping pussy dog style, fucking me hard as we watched
     brother and sister having sex.
     
          
               end part 6



Comments, constructive criticism, suggestions would be greatly
appreciated but be gentle....  where would you like to see this
story go...?

The End... for now...
