Copyright © 1997,  Rich Humus,   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.




                        "Workin' on the Chain Gang"
                         by Rich Humus

"Ok, fellows, there are only two rules - one, if you're in her pussy,
you're in a rubber. Don't worry, I brought plenty. And two, you gotta cum
ON her face or IN her mouth, ok?"  The cheers rang out around us. I grinned
down at my somewhat helpless wife, Devon. But, I guess maybe I should start
at the beginning.

My lovely wife of 26 has a somewhat bizarre nature. She likes rough, kinky
sex, but only when she's restrained and can't resist. I guess that makes it
seem less of a voluntary thing for her, and it's easier to justify (as if
you needed to justify rough, kinky sex, eh?) She didn't mind almost
anything done to her, as long as she was bound in some way and couldn't
resist. This has led to some rather wild times, as I'm sure you can
imagine, and I thought I'd tell you about one of them.

We'd been driving along the interstate for some time, looking for one thing
in particular. Our state has recently been utilizing prison labor for
road-side cleanup and maintenance, and we thought we might find a bus full
of convicts and see what came up, so to speak. After about 45 minutes, we
passed the signs that said "Road Maintenance Ahead", and Devon started to
squirm in her seat. She couldn't do much else. She had on a short brown
leather miniskirt that stopped at mid thigh. Just high enough so that when
she sat down or bent over, you could see the sexy tops of her thigh-high
stockings. She had on a teenager's red tube-top that did little to restrain
her 36C breasts, unencumbered as they were by a bra or anything like it.
Her hands were cuffed behind her back, and she had a small ball gag in her
mouth.  In the back seat was our "Head-Lock" , as we called it. This was a
nifty little gadget that I'd cranked out in my workshop. It was like a pack
frame that started at her shoulders and extended up about four inches above
the top of her head. Padded restraints on the frame fitted snugly to either
side of her head, below her chin, and across the top of her head. Two small
straps separated by chrome bars split across her face, and when she was
strapped into it, the device had the effect of completely locking her skull
in a fixed position. The small straps acted to force her mouth open and not
allow her to close it. She has perfected the art of swallowing (almost
anything…) without closing her mouth, and if you think that's easy, you
should try it sometime with a mouth full of (well, you fill in the blanks…)
About the only thing she could perform with any body part above her neck
was close her eyes.

After a few hundred yards, we saw the bright blue buses off to the side of
the road. There were two of them. I pulled the car up behind the last one,
rolled down the window on Devon's side of the car, then got out, locked the
doors, and walked up to the door at the front of the bus I was behind.

"Hey, how're you doin'?" I nonchalantly asked the burly (aren't they all?)
guard, sitting on the lower step with a riot gun cradled across his lap.  I
think I scared him out of his daydream a bit.

"Hey, man, what'cha doin'? Who're you?" he grunted, fingering the gun
nervously. I held up my hands, palms out.

"Whoa, whoa, ease up. No problems here. But I got a proposition for you, if
you're interested."

"Huh?"  Prison guards are not usually noted for their snappy conversational
abilities.

"See that car back there?"

"Yeah"

"See the woman in it?"

He craned his neck back to look in the window. Devon's long red hair was
blowing out the window, but you could still see in. Her gorgeous face
looked back at him.

"Yeah - not bad, buddy."

"Well, she'd like to do her part for convict rehabilitation and, shall we
say, relief of tension. "

"What?"  Man, this guy was dull.

"SHE'D LIKE TO FUCK ALL YOUR PRISONERS! You too, if you're interested."
That got his attention.

"You shittin' me?"

"Nope. Go ask her yourself."

He did. He ambled back to the car, stuck his head in the window, and I
could see him ask Devon something. Whatever he asked her, she must have
answered correctly, because he straightened back up, turned to me, and
smiled broadly. He walked back up to the front of the bus where I waited
for him.

"Ok, man, if that's your thing. Tell ya what, it's about time to break for
lunch. There's a roadside pull-out about 2 miles up the road that's for
official vehicles only. Meet us up there. I'll get the prisoners rounded
up." I nodded and walked back Devon.

"What'd he ask you?" I said, as I started the car and pulled out on the
highway.

"Mmm mmm". Ooops. Forgot the ball gag. I reached over and unstrapped it.

"He asked me did I want to fuck and suck all his guys. I just nodded." Dev
said, after massaging her jaw for a second. "How many are there, anyway?"

"Looks like about 40 or so, babe. You're gonna get the shit fucked out of
you today, that's for sure…" I grinned over at her.

"Yeah, and you love it, you bastard…" she scowled half-heartedly.

We reached the pull-out and I drove the car to the very end of it and
turned it around facing the road. While we waited, I let her give me head.
She's very, very good at it. In about 10 minutes, the two buses rumbled in
to the dirt and pulled sideways next to each other.

"Showtime, baby. Let's go."  I pulled her head, reluctantly, off my cock
and got out to help her out of the car. After she was out, I reached back
and grabbed the "Head-Lock".

I made a big scene of lowering it down over her shoulders and attaching and
tightening all the straps. When I was done, her face was locked straight
ahead, her head unable to move up or down, or to either side. Her lovely
mouth gaped open about 3 inches. I reached into her bag, found the lipstick
tube, and applied a fresh coat over her slightly sweaty lips.

"Here, you rubbed a little bit off on me. Gotta look good for all the guys,
eh?" I grinned.

I reached into the car, grabbed the video camera, took her elbow and we
walked up to the buses. I met my friend the guard.

"Ok, let's go to the back and get going, shall we? Don't want to keep the
guys waiting." We walked down the narrow aisle of the bus. The men in there
could only gape at us. There was about a 70-30 split of blacks and Latinos
and white guys. The all looked fairly tough, as I guess most prisoners do.
I could feel Devon's excitement start to mount. When we got to the rear of
the bus, I saw that it was set up just as I'd hoped. There was a long bench
seat across the entire rear door, about 7 feet long. The guys sitting back
there got up as we arrived, and moved out of our way up the aisle. I sat
Devon down on the back bench. I motioned for her to stand back up. When she
did, I reached out and pulled her miniskirt off. The second her shaved cunt
came into view, the guys around us hooted and hollered like maniacs. I
guess most of them hadn't seen live pussy for quite a while. Devon
reddened, but didn't resist. Then I set her back down again.

"Can I borrow a  couple sets of cuffs from somebody? We only brought one
pair." I said, chuckling. The guard handed over a set of his. I cuffed
Devon's wrists to bars on either side of the seat, and pulled her feet out.
She was half-laying, half-sitting on the bench, her ass just on the edge of
it and her arms held out to either side. Then I cuffed her ankles to the
bottom rails of the seats in front of us. Now she was pretty effectively
restrained from any movement. I left her tube top on, for various reasons.
She has very sensitive nipples, with rings, and I was concerned about some
of the guys getting a little rough with her if we weren't careful. Besides,
its fun to watch her suck the sperm out of her clothes during the ride
home.

I made my announcement about the rules as I set up the camera. I always
captured all our adventures on tape, and had quite a library building up
back home. "Line up, one by one, and have fun, ok?"  I grinned over at
them.

And so it started. In about thirty seconds, we had a bus full of hard cocks
looking to empty their stored up loads in and on my lovely wife. I looked
down at her and winked. "Thirsty, dear?"  She nodded as best she could,
knowing what kind of drink she'd soon be tasting.

I reached into her bag and handed the first lucky guy a rubber. He walked
up and with hardly any preliminaries, shoved the first of many hard cocks
right up Devon's snatch. She was already wet, as I knew she would be.

I turned the camera on, and sat back to watch. The first guy lasted about 3
minutes before he pulled himself out of her with an audible "plop" and
stood up, stripping the rubber off his cock. He aimed it well.  The first
jizz jet of the day landed right along side Devon's wide open mouth and
fell in a long stripe of white up her cheekbone and across her eyes into
her forehead. She grunted and orgasmed. I've gotten her trained so well.

Four more jets of hot cum rained down on her before the guy was empty. Two
of them he managed to shoot straight into her mouth. I looked in as he
stepped away and watched her swallow roughly.

"Good girl, that's what we want." I love women who swallow, and Devon could
drink cum like it was water.  The next three guys were pretty much the same
route, a couple of minutes thrusting deeply into my bride's wet pussy, then
a quick withdrawal and a jerk-off in her face. One guy did manage to shoot
six good sized wads of nut-juice into Dev's mouth before he was finished. I
watched as one huge gob of solid slime clung to her top teeth a few seconds
before it dripped down into the pool of white sauce simmering in her jaws.
I could feel my cock get hard. We all watched her swallow again, her Adam's
apple bobbing in her neck. I could just imagine the wad of wet stuff
sliding down her slim throat and dripping into her stomach.

The fifth guy asked if her ass was available. Well, it was, kind of, since
her hips hung over the edge of the seat like that.  "Sure, " I said, "just
let me prop her up a bit. We scrounged up a small pad of foam and I slid it
under her hips, bringing the little brown and red pucker of her rectum into
view, and accessibility.  "Rubber?" the guy asked. I looked down at Devon.
The best she could do was roll her eyes back and forth. No.

"Nah, just stick it in there. You might want to juice up a bit first,
though."

He did. He unwrapped a good sized cock and slid it right into the balls up
Devon's clasping cunt tunnel. He slid it back and forth a bit, you could
hear the ‘sluuuurp schluuup" noise it made. After a minute or two, he
pulled it out and placed the head of his cock at my wife's asshole. Then he
pushed it in, about four inches all at once. "Unnnnnhgg" she grunted in
pain/pleasure. Devon didn't often go in for anal play, but sometimes I
thought she enjoyed it in these kinds of situations. Even nastier than
normal, I guess.

He slid in and out of her ass several times, each time going a little
deeper in and a little farther out. Finally, he began sawing his entire
cock, probably a good eight inches worth, in and out of my honey's hiney.

"Hey, dude, I bet that's better than Faggot George's butt, eh?" rang out a
voice from farther back in the line. Everybody around laughed at that.

"Huhh..Yeah….huhh…this….bitch…is…tight…as…a…muthafucker…" he grunted
between strokes, each word punctuated by a bottoming out in Devon's bottom.
She was grunting and groaning with each thrust, and I'm sure was near
another climax when the guy suddenly pulled out and slid up towards her
mouth. I'm not sure if he planned to slip his slimy shaft between her
semenized lips or not, but I said it anyway.

"She really doesn't like the taste of shit, so keep it out of her mouth,
ok?"  I needn't have worried. His cock spit a huge rope of sperm right at
her face before I even finished the sentence. It struck midway across her
forehead and splattered right into her flaming red hair. The next jet
bounced off her nose and splattered in half a dozen globs all over her
cheeks. Then he drooled a long, drippy, slimy mass of it right into her
open mouth.

By now the semen on her face was really starting to pile up. Since the
padding around her cheeks and chin didn't let it slide off, there was
nothing for it to do but slowly puddle up where the cushions met her skin.
There was a good tablespoon or two on the right side of her face, and at
least that much if not more on the left side. The puddle at her chin was
just under the lower lip already.  I had cleverly molded the padding so
that it would tend to puddle any moisture on her face up or over towards
her mouth. Hell, I'd seen her once after about 60 guys came on her face,
and she could barely be seen under the mask of white. It almost looked like
plaster of Paris, with just her nose and eyebrows poking up out of the
sperm lake. She had to continually swallow it as it dripped into her mouth.

She rolled her tongue around the sperm in her mouth and swallowed again as
her first ass-fucker moved away. He looked at me, grinned, and winked.
"I'll be back." he said. "Fine by me!" I responded with a laugh.

The next guy wanted something a bit different. He was a bit smaller than
the other guys, and clambered up until he was straddling her chest.

"I wanna fuck her face, man."

"Go for it."

He slid his cock right into her mouth. Now, I should tell you that Devon,
in her young life, has mastered the art and science of deep throating like
no other woman I've seen. I've watched her take huge eleven and twelve inch
cocks right down her throat and milk them with her tonsils without even
missing a beat. She somehow manages to breath through her nose and open up
her throat to any size invader.

This guy started moving back and forth, slowly at first, then when he
realized that Devon was taking it all without a whimper, started speeding
up faster and faster. He grabbed the chrome bars of the "Head Lock" behind
her ears, and started viscously fucking her in the mouth. His ass moved
back and forth like it was attached to a motor. After a few seconds, a
foamy white froth built up around her lips as she sucked for all she was
worth. I knew that the inside of her mouth was full of tongue and cock and
semen and saliva. The froth dripped down her cheeks. Sweat started to bead
on her forehead, watering down the sperm on it, making it slide downwards
over her eyebrows and across the bridge of her nose. Then the guy slid
slowly all the way into her mouth. We could see the outline of his cock
halfway down her neck.

"Ahhhhh….Christ…I'mm…cumin'..cummin'..cummin'.."

I guess he was cumming.

We watched his ass cheeks clench seven times. Seven times his cock spat a
wet slime of sperm into my wife's stomach.  We call this a "Direct
Deposit". Slowly, he pulled himself out of her mouth, gasping like a gaffed
carp.  "Oh shit that felt good, man."

"Glad you liked it"  I looked down at Devon and grinned. She was gasping
for air herself. The rim of white froth around her mouth looked like
somebody had sprayed her with a foam fire extinguisher.

"Next!" I called out.  It went on like that for about 20 minutes. Guys
would fuck her pussy or mouth, occasionally her ass, and cum on her face or
in her mouth. The sperm on her face started really adding up now. I'd
forgotten how pent up some guys get in prison, I guess. So had Devon, I'm
sure. She was really getting filled up. She swallowed as much as she could,
when she could. She came probably about a dozen times in that first half
hour.  As the time went on, and the guy's lunch break was ending, the
guard, who had been about number 15 or so, came up to me.

"Hey, man, we gotta be getting back to work pretty soon. The inspectors
come along and if we're not out there, I'll get hell when I get back to the
prison. "

"Yeah, I can see that. OK, guys, speed it up a bit. Some of you may not
have time to fuck her or anything. But feel free to jerk off and cum in her
face or mouth if you'd like. There's room on either side of her if you want
to climb up on the seat, you know."

That gave them an idea. There were still about 20 guys in line in the bus,
and I could tell that the last ten or so would never make it in time. I saw
the guys in back messing around with something, but couldn't really see
what it was. I didn't care, I was too busy watching my wife get fucked.

We went through about three sets of three guys at once, one in her pussy or
ass and two on either side of her. They'd all manage to try to cum at the
same time and plaster Devon's face with three funky sperm shots, one right
after the other.  Her face was covered by now. Sperm lay in trails all up
and down her cheeks and across her forehead and in her hair. There were
droplets drooling down her chin and rolling off to either side of her nose,
and all the time it was being fed into her mouth as well. I'd don't know if
you've ever seen a woman who's just taken nine fucking cum shots in her
face within the space of about five minutes, but believe me, it can be a
real mess. Especially when some of these guys hadn't drained their balls
for some time, as was the case.

Every time she swallowed, we'd watch with interest as her throat bobbed up
and down and we imagined the sperm flowing down into her stomach. She loves
to swallow cum, as I've said before, but usually only when it seems like
she's forced to. Strange gal. Finally, the guard blew his whistle and
announced that they'd have to be going back, and for everybody to "finish
up, you fuckers, and get the fuck back to work." The last guy in her pussy
pulled out, jerked his cock a few times and shot several streamers of sperm
up over her tube top and across her immobile face. Cum was drooling out of
her nose and laying in long thin streams all over her face by now. Then the
guys at the back of the line came up.

"Hey, man, have her drink this. It's the best we could do." One of them
held something out to me. It was the tin cup that they use for getting
water from one of the large thermos jugs. Three guesses as to what was in
it. No, Chocolate Yoo-Hoo isn't right. There was at least five or six
ounces of bubbly, frothy, slimy, lumpy semen. A cum cocktail. I took the
cup and turned to Devon with it. I watched her eyes widen in alarm. She
knew even without looking what it contained. I could see her try to pull
back away, but her cuffed arms and legs rather prevented that.

"C'mon, babe, one last sip for the guys. Shall I just pour it right in, or
should I slowly drool it in your hot slut mouth for you?" I chuckled. She
couldn't answer, of course. I decided to pour it right in, all at once and
see how filled her mouth got before she swallowed it. I adjusted the camera
to make sure we got a close-up, then leaned over her and upended the cup.

The sperm splashed down into her mouth, splashing out again all over her
lips and chin and nose, then filled her mouth. I saw her tongue working to
swish it around, then she swallowed once, twice, and a third time to
finally clear it all out. I peeked in. The inside of her mouth was still
clotted with a fine white sheen of sperm, as was her tongue. But she
managed to keep it all in, trouper that she is. I put the cup down on the
sheet, reached out and fingered her clit through three or four orgasms for
her.

Finally, we finished up. The guys all stood around as I uncuffed her and
helped her slowly stand up. She was stiff and sore and could hardly stand
without support. Cum drooled and dripped down off her face onto her chest,
dotting the tube top with wet spots from nipple to nipple. I unhooked the
"Head Lock" and slowly pulled it up and off her head. The guys all cheered
lustily as she shook her head from side to side to unkink her neck muscles.

"...gawd....fuckin'....damn!" she croaked hoarsely, then smiled at me
weakly. I knew she'd had a good time. We walked back up the aisle of the
bus to the cheers and yells of the now-satisfied prisoners.  On the way
back to the car I held her arm to keep her from trippping, the camera, the
"Head Lock" and her skirt in my other hand.

"You know, honey, I think I know where we can spend our vacation next
month...." I whispered.

"..Um, where...?"

"I hear there's a very nice tourist attraction up in upstate New York. I
think it's called....oh yeah.  Attica?"

Devon just groaned. I smiled.

The end.

--
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....




