Copyright (c) 1997 Drifter .   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@airmail.net


SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL              NOT INTENDED FOR MINORS


                  Back To Work

			by Drifter

                    Part 2b
               
     She felt his cock swell even larger and and then he grabbed
her and flipped her over.  Now he started to pound into her. 
Each time he would pull out until the head just rested inside her
outer labia and then he would thrust as hard as he could until
his cock hit bottom.  Beth wrapped her legs around him and lifted
to meet him with each stroke as he drove her into continuous
orgasm.  She loved being fucked so hard, so deep. She had
forgotten how good Bill was at sex.  The feeling that overtook
her was a orgasmic high.  All she could do was focus on the
feeling in her cunt and wish it could go on forever. But soon
Bill went rigid, pressed his cock hard into her as he exploded,
flooding her cunt with his cum...   As Beth lay there she guessed
Bill had decided to join her.  He said nothing when they cuddled
to sleep except,

     "You are a great piece of ass Beth."

     They laughed and cuddled closer and Beth retorted,

     "Yeah, everyone says so....."
 
                       **

     The next morning was Sunday and Beth was in the kitchen
alone when Jenny came down, still in her sheer pj's looking for
her Mom.  She poured herself a cup of coffee and sat down beside
Beth and she said softly,
     
     "Mom, I couldn't believe you brought Jack into my bedroom
last night.  I was almost naked"

     "Relax baby, Jack has seen lots of nice bodies like yours.
He told me later he thought you were really beautiful and a very
sexy young lady".

     Smiling Jenny looked at her Mom with a big question,

     "You don't object?"

     "Like I said baby, you have a great body.  Be proud of
it.  If someone like Jack stares at it, just enjoy the way he
looks at you."

     "He really stared at my titties and hard nipples. Does he
look at your tits like that Mom?"

     "Well baby, I never wear a bra anymore and with my low cut
blouses sometime I am sure he sees my breasts."

     "You don't wear panties either Mom, does he see your pussy
too?"

     Beth looked at her daughter and realized both of them were
getting worked up sexually over this. She was pleased with these
new developments. Jenny apparently already had hot pants like her
Mom.  Beth smiled at Jenny and said, 

     "Possibly, in fact I am pretty sure of it.  My skirts are
pretty short.  I think I have a pretty pussy.  I don't mind if
Jack or other men catch a glimpse of it. I think you might enjoy
boys and men like Jack, peeking at yours too. It really is fun
knowing guys are trying to look."

     "Mom, are you for real?  You sound more like my girl
friends than my Mom."

     "Yes Jenny I am for real... I have changed a lot I know but
I don't plan on changing back.  I have decided to enjoy life... a
lot.  You may be in for a lot of surprises."

     "You really wouldn't mind if Jack saw my pussy"?

     Beth saw Jenny's nipples swollen so huge and her daughter
touching them. Jenny's breath was irregular and husky.

     "Why would I mind?"

     Then their conversation was interrupted as Steven came down.
Jenny dashed for her room not wanting to deal with her younger
brother at that moment.

     Beth looked at her handsome son as he ate breakfast and all
she could think of was how he looked as she watched him screwing
Cindy.  In fact all weekend she had new eyes for Steven.

     All day Saturday and into the night Bill was very attentive
to Beth.  She loved it and teased him sexually every chance she
got.  Saturday night as they crawled into bed, both nude, they
were both turned on and eager. Bill kissed her and fondled her
hot body and as Beth moaned and responded, wrapping her fingers
around his erection, Bill said,

     "Tell me about one of your 'others'."

     Beth leered at him and squeezed his cock saying,

     "You want me to tell you a hot story about some other guy
fucking your wife?"

     "Yes... I do"

     As Beth spread her legs and guided Bill into her hot ready
cunt, she told him slowly and in great detail about how she had
been stopped for speeding by this hunk of a motorcycle cop.  How
she had been horny and feeling pretty frisky and started flirting
boldly with the cop.  She had flashed her fine tits at him... and
then her pussy.  She related to Bill how the cop had suggested
she follow him down a side road nearby and then how she had let
him fuck her... a couple of times and how she had given him a
blow job in between.  She told Bill she expected to see him again
since he took her name and address and phone number off of her
license. Beth and Bill had both gotten off just at the end of her
hot story. When they came back down to earth Beth asked,

     "You liked my story didn't you?"

     "I did.... it makes me hot thinking about you fucking around
with other men.  I guess that is strange but it's true."

     "Bill I admit it does the same to me about you and Jill.....
Would you like to watch me get fucked sometime?"

     "Yeah... I think I would like that a lot."

     "I would like to see you and Jill go at it too.  How would
you two like to have a foursome with Jack and I?  Would Jill go
along with that?"

     "Yeah she would... we swing a little with some of her
friends....."

     "Why Bill... I am surprised... and pleased.... let's do it
soon. OK?"

                    ***

     Monday morning came and Jenny slipped into the bathroom with
her Mom just before she left for school.  As Beth looked at her
beautiful daughter, Jenny raised her skirt and Beth saw she wore
no panties.  Then she noticed Jenny was also without a bra.  She
looked ravishing, damned sexy as she spoke,

     "Mom I feel so nasty and so sexy.  I love it."

     "I know, so do I. You are beautiful and your sweet little
pussy is lovely. You are going to make a lot cocks hard today
baby".

     "Isn't that a little dangerous Mom?"

     "Of course, just don't let any of them catch you.  At least
not yet".

     "Mom, you really have changed since you went to work.  I
love the way you are now.  Not so up tight."

     "Honey I got tired of not having a life.  I like what I am
and do now.... besides I figured you were no longer a virgin."

     Jenny smiled at her Mom and said,

     "Your right."

     And then Jenny dashed off to school. Anxious to hear how her
Mom would react to her last comment.

      Beth sighed deeply and for the first time admitted to her
self that she was turned on looking at her daughters silky cunt. 
She had watched women going at each other in porn films but had
never had the opportunity.... till maybe now.


                    End Part 2b


Comments, constructive criticism, suggestions would be greatly
appreciated but be gentle....  where would you like to see this
story go...?

The End... for now...
