Workout
by parker

"One, two... one, two..."

Even now, almost half an hour into the class, I was able to keep
up without breathing hard. Well, not *too* hard anyway. I'd been
attending aerobics classes for over a year now and, despite the
approach of middle age, I was in good enough shape to get through
the beginner's class without difficulty. Really, I shouldn't have
been in the beginner's class any more. I wouldn't have been if it
hadn't been for Susan.

"One, two... one, two... keep those legs high..."

She had started leading classes at Workout World about twelve
weeks ago. I had been drawn to her from the first moment she'd
walked into the gym. Susan couldn't have been more than nineteen
or twenty - close to half my age. She had a nice enough face, I
suppose, but what really caught my attention was her body. You'd
expect an aerobics instructor to be in pretty decent shape, and
Susan was no exception. With her long, muscular legs and tight,
round ass, she looked every bit the athlete she undoubtedly was. 

But it was her breasts which attracted my attention. The way they
filled out the tight tank top she always wore to class; the way
they moved as she led us through the various exercises; the way
her nipples hardened and gradually stood out through the thin
fabric of her top as she began to perspire... After her first
class, I placed myself at the front of the room and had been
there ever since. When I found out that she would only be taking
the beginner's class for the next session, I signed up for it,
despite the fact that I'd already been in intermediate.

"OK, reach down... stretch..."

Finally, the class ended. "Good work everyone," Susan called out.
"See you on Tuesday." She turned and left the gym. 

I watched as she moved out of sight, feeling strangely empty. It
was Saturday; three days 'till I saw her again. Sighing, I joined
the line of women heading towards the changing rooms. I showered
and quickly got dressed. They all laughed and chatted, but I kept
to myself, my thoughts on Susan: the way she moved; the way her
spandex outfit pulled at her crotch in a tight vee...

My heart quickened as I walked up to the front desk on my way
out. Susan was standing there, still in her damp exercise outfit,
talking with the woman who ran the gym. She turned and smiled at
me as I approached. "Beth. Just the person I wanted to see." I
almost threw up. She gestured towards a piece of paper on the
desk. "I'm offering some individualized workouts." The paper had
a number of empty slots with times written beside them. "They
start Monday. Want to sign up?"
I fought to keep my voice steady and casual. "Uhm... sure. Can't
have too much exercise." I took the pen from her and signed up
for the first available time.

"Great," she said, smiling. She dropped her hand to my rear and
end and gave it a little pat. "See you Monday, then." I tried to
return the smile, gave up and almost ran out the front door. The
feel of her hand on my ass stayed with me the rest of the
weekend.

I arrived at the gym at the appointed time, changed and ready to
go. I felt a little tired - I hadn't really slept well the last
couple of nights - but full of nervous energy at the thought of a
private workout with Susan. The gym was dark and empty. I asked
at the front desk, and they told me that Susan was running the
private sessions out of a converted office in the back of the
building. 

I found it without too much trouble. The door to the office had
the list pinned up on it. The list was full, with my name at the
top. I knocked. Susan's voice told me to enter and I did.

There she was. Still dressed in the same exercise outfit that
showed her breasts off so effectively. The outfit was damp, as if
she'd been working out, which was odd since I was the first
person on the list, but I wasn't complaining. Her nipples were
firm and hard, and clearly visible as she stood up and moved
towards me. I remembered the feel of her hand on my rear end.

"Ready for your workout, Beth?" I swallowed and gave a small nod.
I tried to tear my gaze away from her breasts - her nipples - but
I couldn't. I'd never really been this close before. All I could
do was stare as she walked closer and closer. 

"You like what you see, don't you?" she asked. She sounded
amused. Once again, I nodded. I couldn't take my eyes away. My
breathing began to get heavier. She reached around and pulled my
face down into her breasts. I let out a small moan as her nipple
touched my mouth. Instinctively, I opened my mouth and began to
suck at it. "Yesss," she hissed. "You *do* like that, don't you."
I just sucked harder. "You *are* ready for your workout."

I felt her hand on my shoulder, pushing me gently downward until
I was kneeling on a mat in front of her. I let out a small groan
as her nipple left my mouth, but didn't resist. In a daze, I was
helpless to do otherwise than stare upwards at the girl's
wonderful breasts.

"Do you want more?" she asked, smiling down at me. 

I nodded.

Still smiling, she pulled out a headband and slipped it over my
eyes so that it became a blindfold. I moaned as those wonderful
breasts were lost from sight. "Put your hands behind your back."
I obeyed without thought. She slipped what felt like a wristband
around both my wrists; the elastic held my hands in place,
although I could easily have slipped it off. "If the blindfold or
wristband is off before the end of the workout," she warned.
"It'll be your last one. Do you understand?"

I nodded.

"Are you ready for your workout?"

I nodded again, and almost immediately felt her crotch push up
against my face. She must have taken her bottom off, because I
felt her pubic hair brush up against my face and tasted her juice
on my lips. With a moan, I opened my mouth and stuck out my
tongue. It was the most wonderful thing I'd ever tasted, almost
as good as the feel of her nipple in my lips. I sucked and sucked
until she let out a little cry and stiffened against my face. A
hand gripped the back of my head and pushed my face hard against
her pussy as she came. I swallowed.

She moved away and I heard a quiet giggle behind me. Someone else
was in the room! I turned my head, almost pulling my hands free,
but I remembered Susan's warning. And I remembered the taste and
feel of her...

Another pussy was pushed into my face and I began to suck. The
woman, whoever she was, came quickly and moved away. Before I
could say anything, however, I heard the door close and it was
quickly replaced by another. "Good girl." It was Susan,
whispering in my ear! I felt a hand rubbing the back of my head
as my tongue began to move. "That's a girl. You'll work out just
fine." Warmed by this praise, I continued my work. Kneeling and
blindfolded, I licked and sucked and swallowed as pussy after
pussy was offered to me. 

Finally, it was over. A hand grasped my blindfold and pulled it
away. I stared at myself in a long mirror set up against the
wall. I looked ridiculous; my exercise outfit had been pulled
down so my breasts hung loose and my was face was red and sticky
with pussy juice. I reached up to wipe it away, but only
succeeded in smearing it all over my fingers.

"Time for that later." I looked up. It was the woman from the
front counter. She pulled me to my feet and opened the door, not
even giving me a chance to cover my breasts. I caught a glimpse
of the list as she dragged me down the hall; all the names had a
mark beside them. The entire class. We reached the front lobby.
"Run along now," she said, giving me a firm pat on the ass.
"Sue's waiting for you."

I looked out the front door. Susan was waiting at my car, still
dressed in her exercise outfit. The engine was running and she
stood behind the open trunk. "C'mon girl," she called, patting
her leg. "C'mon..."

I broke into a run...
