Copyright (c) 1997 Drifter .   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@airmail.net



SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL              NOT INTENDED FOR MINORS

               Enough of This
                    Back To Work - Part 1a

     Beth and Bill had been "happily" married for some 16 years. 
Things had gone quite well for them in just about all possible
departments....  financially, personally,... they enjoyed doing
just about everything together.  In the beginning it all was very
good, especially the sex.  They both loved sex. They would spend
entire weekends in bed screwing in all it's many variations. 

     Beth had been a virgin when she first started dating Bill. 
She had relinquished that in the back seat of his car on one
sweet night when she was 17.  After that night she couldn't get
enough of a lot of things with Bill, especially sex.  Unknown to
Bill she frequently supplemented the cock he gave her with that
of her younger brother.  But those are other stories.

     They had been married when Beth was 17 and Bill 20.  Beth
had gotten pregnant within a month of their wedding.  Three kids
had come in rapid succession, one each year as they made it
through college together.  Then Beth had her tubes tied, three
were enough.  The kids seem to demand all of her attention for
the next few years.

     Then one day shortly after Jenny's 15th birthday, she
realized she and Bill hadn't had sex for several months. She
wasn't really sure how many. She had stopped screwing her brother
years before when the kids started coming. She could not remember
when she had sex last. 

     That day she took a long look at herself in the full length
mirror and decided if she were Bill she wouldn't want to have sex
with that women either.  Then she wondered where Bill was getting
laid.  It was sure that he wasn't doing without... not Bill.  As
she looked herself over again in the mirror she really didn't
blame him... she was curious though who he was screwing?

     Her "renovation" as she called it started immediately and
within a year she was the same size she was when they married
(38-23-35), gorgeous with long red hair and beautiful green eyes.
She and Jenny looked a lot alike.  Jenny at 15 was a young copy
of her Mom.  Beth used Jenny as her model in her "renovation". 
She knew she was getting close when she could wear Jenny's
clothes.  Not that she would want to except for a few of them.
They were pretty funky for Beth. 

     She also she was getting back to her old self as she seemed
to be horny all the time lately.  Then one day as she was working
out in a skin tight exercise outfit, her now 15 year old son,
Steven, had whistled at her and said, 

     "Wow Mom you are really getting to be a babe, I wish my
girlfriend looked like that."

     Beth glowed within and gave her son a big hug of real
appreciation. It shocked her when as she held Steven close to her
she felt her pussy start to get wet.  'Damn I have to get laid, I
am getting turned on by my own son.'

     Even their youngest daughter Karen, at 14 now, had commented
how "Fab" her Mom was looking.  

     "I hope I look more like you soon Mom, maybe then the boys
will notice me."

     Karen already had a great little body.  Only her boobs
hadn't quite gotten to the size of Jenny's or her Mom's. It was
only by comparison that Karen was a little behind. 

     Everyone noticed the new Beth but Bill.  To Beth's great
disappointment he seemed to have lost interest in sex, certainly
in sex with her. He was almost totally wrapped up in work and
sports.  He had gotten in the habit of falling asleep on the
couch most nights.  Then waking up just long enough to fall in
bed and sleep again.   Beth figured it was either that he was
screwing his sweet young secretary or that she was boring,
probably both.  Her only exposure to life these days was as a Mom
and a housewife.  Not too exciting she had to admit.

     But with her new body came new energies.  The kids pretty
well took care of themselves now and they were good about helping
around the house.  Then one night Beth announced that she was
going to get a job.  Bill looked at her and smiled, 

     "If that's what you want to do Beth, fine."

      And that was all he had to say about it.  Two weeks later
she was the receptionist for a lawyer in town named Jack Roach. 

     Jack was about the same age as Beth and she thought him
quite handsome.  Her duties were to look inviting, answer the
phone and greet his clients.  The office consisted of her outside
office/waiting room with an equipment closet and Jack's larger
very well appointed office, complete with a huge desk and a huge
leather couch, assorted chairs, a bar and stuff.

     Jack and Beth got along great right from the start. Jack was
extremely nice to her, frequently telling her how nice she
looked, and what a lucky man her husband was.  He also was very
appreciative of her work, how she made his clients feel right at
home, and how he was always eager to get to the office because
Beth was so pleasant to be with.  Beth of course ate it up,
coming from her boss, a good looking hunk he own age.  It had
been so long since any one had been so "sweet" to her that she
too was always eager to get to the office.

     She even enjoyed the way he looked at her full firm body. 
Frequently she would catch him looking down the front of her
blouse.  Her reaction to this was to smile to her self and
thereafter she made sure that one or two buttons were undone so
that he might have a nicer view.  'If he was interested enough to
look then he should have something to look at', she thought to
herself.  It had been some time since anyone, well anyone but her
teen age son, looked at her beautiful breasts with interest. She
replaced all of her 'servicable' bras with new, half cup
transparent lacey ones of all colors.  They just barely covered
her nipples.  She learned that if you folded the bra a little the
nipples were exposed.  That made her feel so sexy.

     It wasn't long after that until Beth started fantasizing
about having sex with Jack.  It became more and more frequent and
soon Beth sat at her desk with her panties slightly wet most of
the time. 'Oh if he would just try something with me....', she
thought to her self.  That surprised her as she realized she was
ready, hell eager, to be unfaithful to her husband of 16 years.
Then she thought, 'I wont be giving away anything he uses
anyway'.
  
     One afternoon when things were really dead, Jack asked Beth
into his office and handed her a glass of wine and said, 

     "Beth sweetheart, this is your sixth month anniversary.  I
thought we should celebrate with a glass of wine."

     She loved the recognition and soon they had another glass of
wine, and then another and Beth was feeling very relaxed, i.e. no
pain.  She surprised herself when Jack ran his eyes over her trim
body and mentioned what a great figure she had and commented how
he was envious of her husband, having such a gorgeous and sexy
wife in his bed.

      She had surprised Jack and herself when she replied, 

     "He wouldn't know if he had an elephant in bed with him
Jack.  He falls asleep every night on the couch.... and he hasn't
touched me in years."

     Jack looked down at her as she lewaned forward on the couch,
her twin beauties nicely in view and sighed,

     "What a waste sweetheart.  You are lovely and your body sure
turns me on.  I can't believe your husband.  How can you stand to
do without sex?  Jan, my wife lost interest in sex when our only
child was born. Is that something that just happens when a women
has kids?"

     Karen laughed, 

     "No Jack, some of us get even hornier.  Sure makes it tough
when no one wants you."  

     The phone rang then and perhaps delayed the inevitable.  It
was Karen, in dire need for her mother to help her find something
critical like a blouse.  Beth told her she would be right there
and hung up.  It was almost quitting time anyway.

     Then she stood up and said to Jack, 

     "You asked how I could stand to do without sex.  I didn't
think I had any option... until lately.  How do you cope with
it?"

        Jack smiled, 

     "If I tell you do you promise not to hate me?  If you
promise, in the morning I will share my secret with you, but now
Karen is in dire straights I gather, so git."

     Beth walked up to Jack and gave him a big hug saying 

     "Thank you for being so sweet to me." 

     Jack held her close for a second with his hands resting
lightly on her trim ass saying just lightly patting, 

     "Maybe I have an ulterior motive fair damsel.  Perhaps you
should be leery of my sweetness."

     She squeezed him again in the hug thinking how good it felt
to be held in a man's arms again but she said, 

     "I don't even care Jack.  I like the attention, I really
need the attention."

     She kissed him lightly on the lips and left.

                 ***

     As she drove home the wine slowly wore off and she began to
wonder how Jack coped with lack of sex with his wife.  She smiled
and thought, 'he must have a mistress, maybe several'.  The
thought of Jack with one or more women in bed really turned her
on.  For a moment she fantasized about one of them being her.

     The next morning when Jack came in, Beth poured them both a
large cup of coffee and walked into his office.  She gave him his
coffee and she looked at him and said, 

     "Your court case this morning has been postponed until next
week, your next appointment is after lunch.  And OK I promise." 

     Jack smiled and looked at her appreciatively thinking,  'She
really looks good this morning.  Tight skirt really shows off her
great ass, and that blouse really hugs those big tits.  Damn I
would love to share those with her.'  but he said, 

     "You promise what"?

     She smiled and replied, 

     "You said if I promised I wouldn't get mad at you, you would
tell me what you did to handle it when Jan lost interest in sex. 
OK I promise."

     Jack smiled and felt like he had let the wine talk.  He
didn't want to lose Beth.  She was good and he liked her a lot. 
She made the office a welcome place all the time. And he loved
looking at her hot body.  He smiled at her and said,

     "Listen Beth, I shouldn't have said that, I really don't
want to lose your respect."

    Beth looked him in the eye and said, 

     "Jack, if you had an affair or two I could understand.  God
knows I think about it.  Sometimes it get so hard.  Please share
with me."

     "Ok Beth my love, but you promised you wouldn't hold it
against me." 

     He paused briefly then 

     "As you know I do mostly divorce work for young women from
25 to 40.  Your age group.  Well a large number of them are so
pissed off at their husbands when they first come in here that
all they can think of is getting back at him.  To a lot of them
that means fucking some other guy as soon as possible.  I am real
convenient and I can be so very accommodating."  

     Beth smiled and then laughed delightfully.   Jack's use of
the word fuck excited her.  She had banned that word from her
house since the kids were born.  She rolled it on her tongue and
liked the way it felt and said, 

     "Jack, how convenient, you fuck your clients.  Maybe you
should put that on your business card."


          end part 1a
