Copyright (c) 1997 Drifter .   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@airmail.net


SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL              NOT INTENDED FOR MINORS

               

                    Back To Work 

			by Drifter

                       Part 3

     At the office Beth lay spent under Jack, his cock still deep
in her pussy as she shared with Jack all the new developments
with Bill and Jenny.  As she told Jack about the possible
foursome with Bill and Jill and about Jenny going off without
panties and bra and how turned on she had become looking at
Jenny's young pussy, Jack's cock got hard again and soon they
were once more fucking wildly.   Later as they dressed Jack
smiled at his beautiful lover and he said,

     "I love how adventurous you have become Beth.  You are the
only woman I have ever known that was as "ready for anything" as
I am".

     "I seem to be that.   Sometimes I think there isn't anything
I wouldn't do."

     "Like eat your daughter's pussy?"

     There was a long pause and then Beth smiled,

     "OK... yes Jack, I admit it. I do want to do that."

     "And like fucking Steven? I saw the way you were staring at
his cock while he fucked Cindy."

     "He does have a nice cock."

     "You should let Steven fuck you Beth.  It would be a hell of
an education for him."

     "Hmmm, I just might... am I to believe that you are fucking
Cindy?"

     "Yes,...... for about a year now."

     "I thought so,.... hell I hoped so."

     "Are you going to help me fuck Jenny."

     "Oh Jack, you bastard, I can't believe it but that turns me
on so much.... imagining you fucking my Jenny."

     "Will you help me fuck her?"

     "Yes"

     The phone interrupted.  Joan Blitz was on the line. When
Jack hung the phone up he looked at Beth and said, 

     "Beth...... Joan is bi-sexual, would you like to join us in
my office. I love to watch women in a hot 69?  I know she would
welcome you.  Shall I call you in after things get going?  You
can practice for Jenny...."

     "Yes.... I would like that... I think... time to find out".

     Beth had on a very low cut blouse that showed a lot of her
upper breasts.  Her mini was also very brief.  When Joan arrived
Beth felt her looking at her body and enjoyed it a lot.  Beth
smiled at Joan warmly and leaned toward her knowing she was
getting a full view of her great pair of tits.

     It wasn't long until Jack buzzed her on the intercom.  Beth
had just watched Jack fuck Joan dog style. And then she heard
Jack ask Joan if she liked Beth and would she like Beth to join
them in a threesome.  Joan was quick to say yes.  When Beth
walked in Joan surprised her by meeting her and kissing her
deeply without a word.  Jack enjoyed watching the two explore and
as he expected a hot 69 was soon in progress.  After Joan had
left Jack said,

     "You two were hot".

     "Hmmm Jack I loved eating her pussy, I guess I am bi"

     "Great, several of my other lady clients will love you, if
you want them too"

     "I do Jack, I do.  What else is going to open up?"

     "Would you like to fuck some of my male clients.  They would
love you.  We could have a party.  You could be my "hostess"."

     "Perhaps, I would like that soon..... but I have several
other things to take care of first."

     When she got home that evening, Bill was going to be late. 
Steven was at baseball practice, Karen was in her room doing
homework and Beth stepped into Jenny's room locking the door
behind her.  She smiled at Jenny and said, 

     "Well did you have an exciting day Jenny?"

     "Mom you wouldn't believe the reactions I got.  The boys and
several of the teachers really looked and were so nice to me."

     "I can guess Jen."

     "I have to admit Mom I have been wet all day as guys looked
at my pussy and my tits when I let them."

     "I bet so.  It makes me damp thinking about it."

     "Mom, one of the women teachers, Ms Johns, she is fresh out
of college, a real sex boat, well she seemed to be terribly
interested too."

     "Jenny, women frequently enjoy other women".

     "I have heard about that but don't you have to be a lez?"

     "No dear, lots of women are bi-sexual, enjoying men and
women.  In fact most women would be bi if they just relaxed and
tried it."

     "Well it sure made me hot the way Ms Johns looked at my
pussy.  After class she suggested we get together sometime to
talk about college."

     "She wants to eat your sweet pussy my baby.  I think you
would enjoy it."

     "MOM!"

     "Shhhh ... just relax, and close your eyes."

     As she complied Beth dropped her hand to Jenny's leg and
lightly began to stroke it.  Beth could see Jenny's nipples grow
larger. As Beth slid her hand higher Jenny relaxed her legs and
spread them. Sliding her hand even higher Beth said, 

     "Jenny, I see you like what I am doing, the way you spread
your legs honey,  I am going to show you how nice it feels when
another female touches your pussy.  Even better than when you
play with yourself."

     "Oh yes Mom, your hand feels so good"

     "Get ready darlin' Jenny, I am going to play with your sweet
wet pussy."

     "Oh fuck,  MOM.... oh, oh, oh yes...."

     "Do you like the way I'm finger fucking your pussy Baby?"

     "Yes, it's better than when Stan does it....faster Mom
please... I'm about to get off..."

     "No baby, not yet, I am going to eat your pussy and make you
cum over and over..."
     .
     .
     .
     "Oh shit that is even better ...fuck....fuck....oh yes suck
my clitty."

     Later as Beth raised up and looked down at her sexy
daughter who had just cum forcefully, her legs spread wide open,
her pussy open and wet from her juices and her mother's saliva,
Beth said,

     "You are one hot fucking little cunt Jenny."

     "Mom, that was so good.  I have wondered about girl sex,
thanks for the introduction.  I think I like being a hot fucking
little cunt Mom."

     "Me too Jen. Would you like to try eating a very hot ready
pussy.  I have one that is sooooo ready."

     "Teach me  Mom, lay back so I can eat your cunt like you did
mine."

     Much later Beth was hugging Jenny to her telling her how
good she had was at eating pussy.  They lay their in a warm
afterglow, their pussys very happy.  Then Jenny said huskily,

     "Mom..... is Jack fucking you?"

     "Yes ..... do you mind?"

     "No....., but what about Dad?"

     "He fucks me too honey. He knows about Jack and I.  He is
fucking his secretary Jill too... and others."

     "I'm glad.  Are you fucking any one other than Jack?"

     "A few."

     "Do you and Jack fuck at your office?"

     "Yes and other places."

     "Where else?"

     "We have been to several motels and last time they were over
here, Jack fucked me in the basement just before we came into
your room and later again, in my bed."

     "Wow... that is so hot Mom."

     "Would you like to watch Jack fuck me sometime baby?"

     "Oh yes, could I?"

     "Jack and I would both enjoy that.  Having an audience makes
sex even better."

     "Mom you know I'm not a virgin.  Stan and I have been doing
it for about a year.  I love it a lot, I keep thinking about
having sex with others."

     "We just did sweetheart."

     "I mean I want to fuck other guys, several other guys?"

     "Yes, I think you would love that, you will love it a lot if
its done right.  You are so much like your Mom. But honey young
boys are too horny to please a woman as well as an older man.  It
is good but not great?"

     "Who then Mom?"

     "Would you like for Jack to fuck you baby?"

     "Oh yes, would he?"

     "He is dying to fuck you."

     "Oh yes, I would love it, when?"

     "Why don't you stay home from school tomorrow.  I will call
Jack and have him come over here.  You can watch us and then you
can fuck Jack."

     Beth got off the bed and straightened her clothes. Then
Jenny said,

     "Mom do you know about Steven and Cindy?"

     "Yes I think so.  I watched for a little the other night as
he fucked Cindy.  Is that what you mean?"

     "Yeah that and more.  He told me about fucking Cindy and
said he wanted to fuck me, and he pulled out his cock.  It was
big and hard and I loved the look of it. It is bigger than
Stan's.  I really wanted to find out what it would feel like in
my pussy.  He let me play with it and stroke it but he came
quickly all over my carpet.  I loved watching him shoot off. He
was all limp then but he said he would be back later.  Mom, he
said he wanted to fuck me... and Karen.... and you too."

     "Wow Jenny, I guess your little brother is as horny as we
are."

     "Yeah, Mom.... would you let Steven fuck you if he tried, if
you let Steven fuck you, can I watch?"

     "I plan to fuck your brother soon, maybe tonight since your
Dad will be out late.  I loved the look of his cock in Cindy.
After I fuck him a few times, you can watch us."

     "Is it OK if Steven fucks Karen and me?"

     "Yes, but wait until after Jack has fucked you a few times. 
Then you will know how to tell Steven to please you."

     "Mom, will Jack fuck Karen too?"

     Beth smiled at Jen and whispered,

     "As soon as I think she is ready but a little later,
meantime you can introduce her to girl-sex if you like."

     "Mom, what about Dad?"

     "What about him?"

     "Sometimes I day dream about him fucking Karen and me."

     "Baby if you want to fuck your Dad go ahead. He will try not
to, since you are his daughter but he will love it. Just be
discrete so no one else finds out."



     When Beth left Jenny's bedroom she was smiling to herself. 
Things just got better and better.  What else was going to
happen?  She stopped by Karen's room and chatted for a while. 
She stood behind Karen who was sitting at her desk reading and
slowly stroked her hair thinking that soon she would be
introducing her youngest daughter to all the fun she was having. 
Then she leaned down and around and kissed her lips lightly,
warmly and told her how much she loved her and how proud of her
she was and how beautiful and sexy she was becoming.

     Beth leaned down and slid her arms around her youngest
daughter, 'accidentally' brushing her firm young tits that were
now a nice handful and hugged her again and let her hands
accidentally brush across Karen's small nipples.  Karen jumped
and her nipples swelled instantly. Beth thought to herself, 'Get
used to your Mother's touch dear Karen.  You will feel it a lot
from now on.'

     Then they both stood up and Karen turned and looked at her
Mom strangely. Beth hugged her again standing and slowly patted
Karen's ass lovingly as she held Karen close to her saying,

     "Karen you have a great ass".

     Karen blushed only a little as her Mom held her.  She felt
flushed, turned on, confused, not sure what to say or do.  She
liked her Mom's attention.  She started to say something but her
Mom kissed her as she opened her mouth and Karen felt her Mom's
tongue dart into her open mouth.  She liked the feel of it but
then it was gone and her Mom turned her loose and winked at her
and left. Karen wondered what had gotten into her Mom.  But she
liked it.

     Beth then went to the kitchen and started supper as she
thought,  'God I have become such a slut.  I love it.  I wonder
if there is anything I won't do?'  

     It wasn't long until Steven came home.  He gave his Mom a
big hug and Beth held him a little longer than usual as she
recalled the sight of him shoving his cock into Cindy's pussy.
Knowing she wanted what Cindy had received. Knowing she was going
to fuck her studly young son as soon as possible.

     When she turned him loose he stepped back and sat down at
the table across from her.  Beth thought, 'Might as well turn my
sweet son on today too.'  And she turned to the sink quickly
knowing her brief skirt would fly up showing Steven her bare ass,
if only briefly. Beth smiled to herself thinking, 'That should be
enough to start a teen age male thinking about pussy.'

     In a moment she opened a coke and put it in front of Steven
bending over enough to bare her full tits for her son's eager
eyes.  Beth wondered, 'How much will it take before Steven gets
the idea his Mom wants to fuck him?'  She glanced at his pants
and sure enough his young cock was standing up rigid straining
against his pants.   She smiled to herself and said,

     "Honey it seems like you and Cindy are getting pretty close.
I wondered if you had any questions or anything you wanted to
talk about..... maybe about birth control."

     Steve looked at his Mom. 'Did she know he was screwing
Cindy?  Was she guessing?  She didn't seem upset.  She is such a
fox.  What would Mom say if I told her I was fucking Cindy.  I
bet Mom is one hot lady in bed.  I would like to be Dad for a
night.' he thought but he said,

     "Mom... I know about that stuff."

     Beth smiled to her self and turned and bent at the waist
straight legged and opened the bottom drawer with her ass pointed
at Steven.  She knew he had a great view of her bare pussy lips
showing between her legs.  She stayed in that exposed position
for sometime then she straightened up and looked at Steven.  He
had this wide grin on his face.  Beth smiled back at him.  Steven
said,

     "Mom you need to be more careful, when you bent over then I
could see everything you have real clear.  Damn you are pretty
down there."
     
     "Why Thank you Steven.  I understand that mine isn't the
first pussy you have looked at closely.  I know you filled
Cindy's recently."

     "MOM.... shit..... how did you know?"

     "I opened your door briefly the other night when the two of
you were in the middle of fucking.  You looked like you knew what
you were doing so I watched for a minute and then just closed the
door quietly.  I thought you looked pretty damned good at using
that big thing of yours."

     "You don't mind that I am fucking Cindy?"

     "No, should I?"

     "Gosh no, only I thought Mom's were suppose to object to
that stuff."

     "Dear,  Mom's love it too.  Especially this Mom.  How do you
think you were started? You looked like you enjoyed fucking
Cindy.  I would like to have watched you two more but I was
afraid I would disturb you.  It made me so hot."

     "Wow Mom you are so cool and such a sexy babe"

     "Thanks hot shot.  I like that you think I am a sexy babe. 
I like the way you stare at my body."

     "I love looking at you Mom, you look so hot."

     "If you keep talking to me like that I really will be hot...
and wet.  I can see your big cock all stiff and hard through your
pants Steven and that turns me on." 

     "No shit Mom, seeing my cock makes you hot?"

     "Of course, just like seeing my tits and pussy turns you
on."

     "Wow, you don't mind that I like to look at you like that?"

     "No, in fact I like it.  I like it a lot Steven.  You are a
pretty sexy young man.  I loved watching you fuck Cindy. I was
jealous ... I wanted it to me you were fucking."

     Beth walked and stood beside Steven.  

     "Have you ever thought about me that way baby?"


          end part 3


This is one of my first postings,  Comments, constructive
criticism, suggestions would be greatly appreciated but be
gentle....  where would you like to see this story go...?

The End... for now...
