Nenim 5, 0534

	I heard footsteps behind me, and from the cadence of his steps I 
could tell it was Aaden.  I was far too wrapped up in the work on my 
terminal to turn around, casually dismissing his presence as friendly 
and familiar.

	That is, until he came up behind me and put his hands on my 
shoulder, gently rubbing away the entire day's frustrations.  "Oh, 
that feels so good, Aaden, but you're distracting me.  I'll give you 
just half an hour to cut that out."

	He chuckled gently and leaned over, kissing me on the back of 
the neck.  "Love you," he said gently.  "How've the kids been?"

	I reached up over my head and wrapped my arms around his neck.  
"Oh they're fine.  Ember's got them outside right now.  Love you 
too," I said gently, kissing the furry underside of his muzzle.  My 
hand trailed 
down along his body to his legs, not really seeking his crotch, just 
taking full measure of his wonderfully hard body.  "You're all hot."

	"Been working out."

	I looked up at the clock and said, "Ohmifa, is it really 
fourteen already?"

	"Mm-hmm," he said.

	"Damn," I cursed.  "I've been working for nine hours already and 
I feel like I've gotten nothing done."

	"What are you working on, anyway?  I've never seen you get so 
intense."

	"You haven't lived with me long enough.  I've been doing some 
genecoding work, thinking about a few things."

	"Such as?" he said with a little sing-song.

	"Oh, this'n'that.  Structural variations for Centaurs.  Skin 
tone controls for Humans, Centaurs."

	"A new species?" he asked.

	I smiled.  "Yeah, that too.  Been thinking about it.  Now that 
the   Pendorian races are as established as they are, I wonder if 
going with more 'classical' anthropomorphs wouldn't be 
inappropriate."

	"So what kind are you working on?"

	"Mustelids."

	"Very interesting.  I still say you're working too hard.  
Getting intense is one thing, but I think you're overdoing it."  He 
smiled.  "Besides, I need a little help."

	"With what?" I asked. 

	"I want you to spot me."

	"I thought that's what AI's were for."

	He shrugged.  "I'd rather have you do it."  I laughed.  
"Besides, it gives me a chance to see you.  Haven't been doing much 
of that, recently, between your project and the kids."

	I nodded.  "Okay, it's a deal."  As if he really needed someone 
to spot for him.  Still, safety first.

	We wandered out of the office and back towards the residences, 
where Aaden had set up a separate bedroom.  P'nyssa and he and I now 
had three whole residences to ourselves, with most of the walls 
knocked out again.  The center room was still the nursery and 
playroom, with the farthest room being the "spare" bedroom.  We had 
decided not to call it "Aaden's room" because I don't ever want to 
imply that Aaden is separate from P'nyssa and me.  In fact, P'nyssa 
spent as much time there as Aaden.  The funny times were when two of 
us spent the night in the spare room.

	But we had converted the living room of the third residence for 
a variety of purposes.  My old drafting table and workbench occupied 
one corner, the other kept Aaden's weights.  There was also a low 
table covered with a green cloth.  Under the cloth Aaden kept his 
seedling and sprouting jars-- the cloth was both to keep in the 
humidity and to shield outside eyes from the UV lights.

	Aaden threw a hundred fifty kilos or so of weight onto the lower 
bar, I didn't bother to really look at how much.  I had long ago 
ceased to be impressed or confused by how much or how little he used 
in his sessions.  All I know is that he keeps his body in magnificent 
shape, and although it wouldn't really make much of a difference to 
me either way, I do love the way he looks.

	He laid down and said "Ready?"

	"How warmed up are you?" I asked.

	"I've been warming up for about twenty minutes, Ken.  I just 
needed you for this part."

	"Oh, okay.  I'm ready then."  I planted my feet and waited, 
handing him the bar slowly.  He pressed it to his chest then extended 
vertically, breathing hard with every stroke.  He began to do 
repetitions, lots of them.

	I watched as he exercised, enjoying the sight of his muscles 
expanding and contracting, his chest rising and falling in pattern 
with the repetitions.  I started to notice that he was pushing 
himself hard, because sweat had broken out on his muzzle and his fur 
was matting down.  Then I noticed something else--  With every 
exhalation I felt his breath  blowing up my shorts and over my balls.  
It tickled.

	I leaned up against the higher bar-rest, the one intended for 
Uncia and Tindals (who have longer arms or tentacles, respectively), 
and said, "Are you teasing me?"

	"What do you mean?" he grunted on a downward stroke.

	"You're breathing up my leg," I said, smiling.

	He glanced up, taking a good look into my shorts and said, "You 
seem to be enjoying it."  He landed the bar onto the lower rest and 
lunged for my shorts, his muzzle licking against the head of my cock 
briefly.

	"Ack!" I yipped, stepping back.  "Rabid Mephit!"

	"Hey!  Bring that back here," he said with mock-indignity.

	I stepped back into range.  "Lower," he said.

	"Would it help if I took my shorts off?"

	"It would," he said, smiling.  He has a handsome smile.

	I complied, taking off my shorts and stepping out of them.  Now 
the only thing I wore was my T-shirt, a silly shirt I acquired during 
a brief stint teaching physics at Rocchodain University.  It was a 
beautiful airbrush of the Ring, over which were the words "Pendorians 
don't understand the gravity of the situation," and the equation for 
tension in a string caused by centripetal accelleration.

	I bent my knees slowly, lowering my not-quite-erect penis to his 
muzzle.  He lunged again, and I withdrew.  "Uh-uh," I teased.

	"Give," he said.  "Please?"

	I smiled and bent my knees again, feeding him the length of my 
cock.  He closed his muzzle around it, forming his thin lips into a 
seal around it, his tongue pressing against the top of my cock.  I 
held onto the weight bar, giving me balance.  He stroked my cock 
easily, sending wonderful shocks up into my brain.  I closed my eyes 
and sighed.  "Gods, Aaden," I whispered, "I love you."

	I think he said "I love you too," but it wasn't clear as he said 
it around my cock.  I also needed to lean over because my erection at 
full length doesn't like to bend downward.  I wanted to lean over 
farther, to  get at his cock as well, but I didn't have the reach to 
undo the string holding his gi bottoms, and even if I were to reach 
it I wouldn't have anyplace to put my hands to hold myself up.

	So I was stuck, bent over and barely balanced, able to do 
nothing but close my eyes and enjoy the soft friction of his mouth.

	He laid his head back against the bench, letting go of my cock.  
It whipped up and slapped against my belly.  "I'm not that strong," 
he said, panting.  "I can't hold my head up like that forever."

	I laughed and said, "So?"

	"So why don't you mount me instead?"

	I laughed, walking around to the other side of the weights 
bench, sitting down between his legs.  I undid the string and pulled 
at his pants from the knees as he raised his hips to help.  I threw 
them aside, grabbed his legs at the knees and pushed them up.  He 
took over, planting them firmly against the weight bar, exposing his 
asshole.  I smiled and bent over, licking his balls softly, trailing 
my way down to his hole, getting him slick and ready for me.

	I leaned forward and aimed my cock, pushing against him gently, 
sliding into him.  His asshole closed around my cock, pulling me in.  
I leaned over further, pressing my chest against the backs of his 
legs, feeling the fur on them against me.  He reached up and put his 
hands on my cheeks, staring at me.  His eyes were wide and he was 
panting hard.  "I love you," he said in a loud whisper.

	"I love you too," I said, bucking against him, sliding into him.  
We'd made love hundreds, maybe thousands of times, and it was always 
just as special.  Feeling his hard buttocks striking against my hips 
with every stroke, his body jerk with every thrust.  He let go of me 
and held onto the bars, keeping himself in place as I approached 
climax, wanting to get ever deeper into him.

	He was staring at me, entranced, and I returned the stare, 
looking into his eyes.  I wasn't sitting on the bench anymore; I had 
raised myself off and was driving myself into him, using my legs to 
go ever deeper.  My orgasm was inevitable, and I knew it, so I 
suddenly stopped moving.

	"What's wrong?" he asked.

	"Nothing," I gasped.  "I'm..." Slowly I stroked into him.

	"Right..." Slower, pulling out.

	"There... YEAH!" I screamed as I slammed into him one more time, 
coming, shooting into him.  I bucked against him hard, once, twice, a 
third time, draining myself of strength.

	I collapsed against him, lying across his broad chest.  A paw, 
unsteady and unsure, fell across my back.  "You're not tired, are 
you?" I asked.

	"Well, getting ravished is certainly a good way to end a couple 
of dozen reps."

	"Oh."  I'd almost forgotten that he'd been exercising even 
before this.  I think orgasms give me amnesia.  "You are okay?" I 
said.

	"Fine," he said.

	We had lain there for a few minutes, me on top of him, when a 
voice interrupted our cuddling.  "Daddy, here you are."

	I raised my head unsteadily and looked over at the door.  "Hiya, 
kiddo," I said, crooking a finger in her general direction.  She came 
running over with all the typically overabundent energy of a 
five-year-old.  "How's my little 'Lizbeth?" I said, leaning over to 
kiss Aaden's daughter gently on the forehead.  "Aaden's daughter" 
biologically; she was growing up in my household, and she was my 
daughter as well.

	"Fine.  Daddy Aaden, you promised to help me with my drawing."

	Aaden picked his head up, looked down out our precocious little 
child and said, "In a second, sweetheart.  Daddy still has to clean 
up from exercise."

	"'Kay," she said.  As she skipped out I heard Alexi's voice from 
the other room say, "Grownups.  Always hugging."  I looked down at 
Aaden and smiled.  He laughed.

	"Come on," he said.  "Let's get cleaned up.  Besides, aren't you 
supposed to cook tonight?"

	"Is it my turn?" I asked with a smile.

	He nodded as I slid off of him and stood up woozily.  "Oh, 
hell," I  said.  "What should I cook?  What are you in the mood for?"

	"Lasagna."

	"Lasagna?" I asked.  "Okay, lasagna it is.  I thought you were 
on a diet."

	"Who says?" he said.  I laughed.  I bent over to grab my shorts 
and he shot out a hand to stroke along the cleft of my butt.  I 
sighed.  "You're looking for trouble.  Come on, let's go and clean 
up."

	He laughed and said, "Yeah."

	I stood back up straight and helped him to his feet, hugging him 
close.  "I love you."  We headed down for the bath.

	"Love you too."

--
"Working Out"
The Journal Entries of Kennet R'yal Shardik, et. al. 
are copyright (c) 1989-1994 Elf Mathieu Sternberg.  Distribute freely 
via electronic media.  This copyright permits individual users to 
make single hardcopies for their own use.  The Journal Entries may 
not be sold or otherwise distributed for profit.
