Copyright (c) 1997 Drifter .   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@airmail.net


SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL              NOT INTENDED FOR MINORS


                  Back To Work

			by Drifter


                    Part 2a
               
     "I know, that makes it even hotter Beth."

     Beth looked at him and he slid his hand up under her short
dress onto her pussy, sans panties.  Beth closed her eyes and
loved his familiar touch. She could see into the living room over
his shoulder where Bill and Jan were in her view.  Bill's body
blocked their view as his fingers entered her very wet cunt.  She
stood there in plain sight as he finger fucked her slowly.  Then
she opened her eyes and smiled at him and said, 

     "You are a bastard my love, I guess I could show you our
basement."

     She lead him down the steps and over to a dark corner.  They
could see the stairs clearly without being seen.  Jack raised her
leg up on a box and Beth felt his hard cock slide all the way
into her already wet pussy easily.  He pulled her low cut blouse
to her waist baring her great tits for his hands.  As he began
stroking it in and out she sighed and said,

     "Oh Jack, I love this. I love you fucking me with both
of our families upstairs...... I wish you could fuck me while
Bill watched."

     Jack continued stroking his hard cock in and out as Beth
panted.  Then he whispered,

     "Beth, I want to fuck you while Jenny watches......... Then
I want to fuck Jenny while you watch."

     Beth gasped as her cunt spasmed tightly around her lovers
cock as she thought about her sweet sexy 17 year old watching
while her boss/lover fucked her.  As she thought of that she came
harder than she ever had before.

     Later as they walked back upstairs she wondered if Jenny was
still a virgin. She was pretty sure that Jenny wasn't, she was
Beth's daughter after all. Beth hadn't said a word since Jack had
mentioned Jenny and now she wondered if Jenny could take Jack's
big cock?  She realized then that without any hesitation she was
plotting how to get Jenny ready for Jack to fuck.

     They strolled around the house looking into the different
rooms finding Karen asleep in her room when they opened the door.
She was laying spread out on top of the bed. Her t-shirt nighty
had worked up to her waist.  One leg was cocked up and they had a
clear view of her young pussy lips. Jack looked at Beth and
whispered, 

     "She looks so nice open like that, all you ladies are very
sexy.  It would be sooo hot to fuck you and both of your young
daughters."

     Beth shivered and looked at her youngest in a new light. As
she stood there Jack cupped her full tits.  Then he said,

     "You know it makes you hot to think about me fucking your
girls.  You know you want to help me fuck both of them while you
watch us."

     It excited Beth and she knew he was right. She lead him out
of Karon's room not saying a word .  She closed the door and
headed toward Jenny's room, thinking about Jack and Jenny having
all kinds of sex.  Jenny was in her room in sheer baby doll pj's
that showed everything quite clearly. When Beth opened the door
and walked in with Jack, Jenny's eyes got huge as Jack's eyes
enjoyed Jenny's effective nudity.  Beth said to Jenny, 

     "Hi baby...Jack is thinking about buying Cindy a new bedroom
suite like yours.  You don't mind him looking at your stuff do
you baby?"

     Beth knew Jack would appreciate the pun.

     "No Mom, but I'm not really very dressed."

     "It's Ok baby, Jack has a daughter almost your age.  Besides
don't be so modest, you have a great body honey.  I am sure Jack
appreciates it."

     Jenny noticed Jack's gaze at her large tits and she couldn't
resist pulling her shoulders back showing them off even better.
She like the way he looked at her.  She thought he was so cute
and sexy.  A lot sexier than the guy she was dating.  She bet
Jack's cock was bigger than Stan's too.  She loved to fuck Stan
but now she wondered what Jack would be like.

     Then Jack walked up behind Jenny's chair and as he caressed
her shoulders lightly he stared down at her tits, as her nipples
hardened.  Beth watched this and found herself wet thinking about
what Jack had said as he fucked her in the basement.  Then Jack
leaned down and kissed Jenny on the neck and said, 

     "You are beautiful Jenny.  Your body is as perfect as your
Moms."

     Then Beth and Jack walked out closing the door behind on a
hot confused teen.   Next they slowly opened the door to Steven's
room ....and a shock.  Cindy and Steven were on the bed but were
far too involved to notice them.   Steven knelt between Cindy's
wide spread legs humping her hot pussy as she said, 

     "Yeah Steven, give it to me. Shit I love to fuck." 

     From their vantage point they could see Steven's large young
cock plunge in and out of Cindy's cunt. After a few seconds they
backed out quietly and pulled the door to.  In a moment Beth
said,

     "Wow, they sure seem to know what they were doing"

     "I know, I have caught Cindy fucking several different guys.
I got our Doctor to put her on the pill and now she is on the
road to becoming a real hot little slut, a lot like you. I am
really proud of her."

     "Ummmm Jack, all this has really turned me on.  The way you
were looking at Karen's young pussy and then Jenny's bare tits
and now watching Steven fucking Cindy, take me to my bedroom and
fuck me darling".

     He did. Some later they walked out of the bedroom as Jan
called, 

     "Jack are you ready to go home yet dear?  Cindy is down
here."

     "I'm ready Jan, Beth showed me some of Karen's and Jenny's
things tonight. I think I will look into them more.... for
Cindy."

     and he winked at Beth.


     Later after Jack, Cindy and Jan had left, Bill and Beth went
to their bedroom.  Beth noticed the cum spots on her side of the
bed where Jack had fucked her just minutes before.  She wondered
if Bill noticed and decided she didn't much care if he did.  Bill
said nothing but started undressing.  His eyes seemed to be
unable to leave Beth.  After a moment he spoke, 

     "You are looking real hot lately Beth."

     "Thank you honey, I take that as a compliment.  I had gotten
to be a real slob.  Do you like it Bill?"

     "I do Beth... you are like your old self when we dated. It
has been a long time since we made love."

     Beth looked at him and started to slowly remove her clothes
as he watched. When she stood there nude she smiled at him and
said,

     "Bill..  I don't want to make love... but if you want to
fuck me... hard... I am ready for that, in fact I am ready for
lots of that lately."

     He ignored her reference to being ready for sex often
lately.   He just looked at her solid sexy body and dropped
the rest of his clothes on the floor in a pile.   Stepping over
to her he pulled her to him.  As he kissed her and fondled her
full tits he said,

     "I had forgotten how sexy you could be."

     She pushed him over on the bed and her mouth found his hard
cock.  After a few minutes of giving Bill great head she raised
up and moved forward until she could ease her hot cunt down on
his cock.  Beth smiled to her self as she realized Jack had just
cum in her minutes before.  Now Bill was soon to make his
deposit.  As they settled into a delicious slow fuck Bill said,

     "You are still as good at fucking as you were when we
dated."

     "Hmmmm I have always loved to fuck Bill... you know that..
maybe I have been getting a lot of practice recently."          
     
     She felt Bill suddenly stop meeting her thrusts.  She
wondered if she had fucked up admitting she had been unfaithful
to him.  Would he now divorce her  ... or what.  She preferred
they didn't divorce but if he insisted she was prepared for that
too. They hadn't had much of a marriage lately anyway.  She
continued fucking him slowly as he just lay there, loving the
feel of his cock spreading her. In a moment Bill started
thrusting up to meet her again, only now it was hotter and
harder... more demanding. Beth shortly moaned loudly and came but
Bill didn't even slow down.  After a couple of moments Beth
started humping to meet him again. She was lost in the sensations
when Bill asked simply, 

     "Who?"

     Beth squeezed her dripping cunt on his cock tightly making
Bill groan with pleasure.  She could not remember Bill's cock
being so huge.  She looked into his eyes and saw pure lust as he
waited for an answer.  Beth raised up sitting on his cock and she
put his hands on her large firm tits.  he squeezed them hard and
Beth gasped. She smiled at Bill and tilted her head,

     "Are you sure you want to know?"

     Bill pinched hard and pulled on her swollen sensitive
nipples.. and continued humping as Beth moaned... then Bill said
softly,

     "Yes... I do ... I want to know who has been fucking my
hot sexy wife?"

     "My boss Jack .... mostly ... a few others."

     "I suspected something was going on.  The way you have been 
dressing lately.  I thought it was Jack.... others?"

     "Yeah.. others... not a huge number... guys that the
opportunity hit when I was horny and in a wild mood. I wanted to
get laid and they were handy. I'll tell you about them sometime
if you like.  You might get a kick out of them, I did. I figured
you knew I was screwing around ...I didn't hide much but you
didn't say anything.  I guess you were too busy fucking your cute
young secretary."

     With that Beth winked at him.  He smiled guiltily and Beth
stopped moving and looked down at him and said,

     "Bill I don't care if you fuck your secretary or anyone
else that appeals to you.  In fact I hope you do.  We can either
get a divorce over this or we can have the wildest time of our
lives.  I plan to continuing fucking Jack regularly.  And other
men when it pleases me.  You can ignor my fucking around and
pretend it isn't happening, you can divorce me, or you can join
me.  Hell I would love for you to watch and join in while other
guys fuck me.  You can even bring Jill your secretary, or others
home with you if you like.  We can send the kids off and we can
have some hot weekends.  Maybe we can even include the kids some
day."

               end part 2a