Copyright (c) 1997 Drifter .   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@airmail.net
SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL              NOT INTENDED FOR MINORS


          Back To Work

		by Drifter

          Part 1b

     Jack watched her closely as they laughed at her joke for any
sign of displeasure but found none.  She smiled and said, 

     "I have noticed some great looking women coming in here. 
You must really enjoy your work. But tell me Jack, how do you
keep up with them all?  How can you fuck so many of them?"  

     He smiled and said, 

     "A funny thing about me Beth dear, the more I get the more I
want.  I seem to be damn near insatiable.  Twenty minutes after I
get off I am eager to go again with the right partner." 

     He let his eyes roam over Beth's full body in a obvious
manner.  Beth was flushed and realized her panties were wet from
the conversation.  It turned her on something fierce thinking
about Jack fucking his clients on the big leather couch.  'Maybe
I ought to get a divorce and let Jack service my needs' she
thought only half teasing herself.

     Jack stepped up to her and pulled her slowly into his arms. 
Beth could feel his semi-hard cock against her and she relaxed
and let her body melt into his.  He held her for a moment then he
said, 

     "Beth sweetheart, you aren't mad at me are you.  I don't
want to loose you as a friend or as an employee." 

     "No Jack I'm not mad, maybe a little envious.  I would
love to be in your shoes.  I find the idea of you fucking all
those women exciting."  

     Beth felt Jack's hands slid slowly down to her trim cute ass
cheeks.  He patted and squeezed her ass briefly then pulled her
harder against his cock as he said,

     "Beth I find you terribly sexy.  I admit I have wanted to
take you on that couch since I first saw you."

     Beth sighed loudly, 

     "Oh shit... Jack, I haven't had sex with anyone but Bill for
some time.  I have wanted to but I never have been able to get up
the courage to go through with it.  You know I want to right now
so bad I could taste it, no pun, but I don't know if I could
handle what I might become afterwards.  I fear it might open the
flood gates Jack.  I used to adore sex.  Before Bill and I got
married I was pretty active."   

     Jack moved one hand up and cupped a large breast and pinched
her hard nipple gently.  Beth moaned making no move to stop him
and he said, 

     "Beth I love the feel of these and your great ass.  I love
everything about you. You know I am dying to fuck you, but it has
to be right for you too.  How can I seduce you Beth?" 

     He covered her open lips with his own as his tongue probed
finding hers eager to dance too.  They kissed passionately for
some time. Beth was involuntarily hunching her hot cunt against
his hard cock and it felt so good to her. It had been sooooo
long. She wanted to be fucked. She needed to be fucked.  Then
Jack broke the kiss and led her to the couch.  Beth followed him
in a sexual daze.  As he pushed her down on the couch she felt
his hand push her skirt up and without hesitation she raised her
ass to let her skirt up around her waist. He covered her cunt
with his hand through her wet panties saying huskily,

     "I want you so bad Beth, I have to fuck you."

     "Yes ..., I want it too, oh damn you Jack... fuck me...."

     Then they heard the outer door open.  They both jumped up
and hurriedly re-arranged their clothing and shortly Beth walked
out into the outer office.  It was Jane Gall, one of the sexy
young ladies Jack was doing divorce work for.  Beth looked at
her, at her sexy body dressed revealingly and guessed she was one
of the ones Jack was fucking.  Beth told her to go right in and
closed the door after she had entered.  Beth was so horny and her
pussy actually dripped, soaking her panties.  Then she stepped
into the closet off of her office and flipped several switches
and put on a pair of ear phones.  Jack had her listen in at times
to client meetings with an audio monitoring system when he wanted
a witness.  She could hear everything in Jack's office clearly
and she heard Jane say,

     "Jack baby, I have missed you.  I needed to talk to you
about that son of a bitch"
     
     "You mean your husband?"
     
     "Yeah that rotten bastard is fucking some 18 year old"
     
     "Lucky man"
     
     "You are suppose to sympathize with me Jack"
     
     "I do darling, I love that dress, your breasts almost pop
out the top when you wiggle"
     
     "I know, I love the way men look at me in it"
     
     "And out of it"
     
     "Yes, and out of it, want me to take it off?"
     
     "Yes"
     
     Beth heard a brief rustle of material as the  dress
obviously was removed.  Then she heard Jack say,
     
     "I love women who don't wear underthings."
     
     "Oh Jack what is that in your hand?"

     "Something for you to suck my lovely Jane"
     
     For the next ten minutes Beth listened to slurping noises as
Jane noisily sucked his cock.  Then she heard her say, 

     "Jack fuck me now, I need it so bad.  I admit I don't care
if he is fucking an 18 year old or a rhino as long as I get
fucked too"

     "Lay down and spread those great legs hot pants."

     "Oh yes Jack, oh.... yes your cock feels so good.  Oh fuck
me hard."

     The phone rang then and Beth quickly dropped the ear phones
and dashed to the phone.  It was another of Jack's "harem" as
Beth now dubbed them.  She set an appointment for her at 3:00p
after listening for a long time to her bitch about her "fucking
ass hole husband" and Beth looked forward to listening to her
boss fuck that one too.

     Shortly after she hung the phone up Jane Gall walked out of
Jack's office followed by Jack, only a little disheveled.  When
the outer door closed behind Jane, Beth looked at Jack with a
huge grin on her face.  Never would she have believed that
listening to a man fuck a woman would turn her on so.  Jack
smiled back and said,

     "You listened didn't you?"

     "Yes, do you mind?"

     "No, did it make you hot?"

     "Yes"

     "Would you like to join me in my office?"

     "Yes"

     "Lock the outer door after you put out the lunch sign"

     "Yes sir"

     "And Beth I want you to strip before you come in my office. 
I want you to be naked and ready to fuck when you walk in the
door."

     "I am already very ready to fuck Jack. I will take care of
the other detail immediately."

     Jack walked into his office grinning.  Beth fixed the door
and the sign and then stripped rapidly as she thought about
sucking Jack's cock, and him eating her wet pussy, and fucking
her pussy and maybe even her tight ass hole.  Not one thought for
her husband Bill or her kids or anything else. Her only thought
was "I'm going to get fucked".  And she did. Just as she wished,
and in all those places.

                      ***

     After that it became an office ritual, Beth would be there
waiting when Jack arrived.  They would have sex every morning
first thing and then open the office for business.  Beth listened
in often as Jack fucked one of his clients and she loved the way
it made her feel.  She was surprised that she wasn't the least
jealous, not as long as Jack satisfied her too.  Then at her
request they put in a one way mirror so she could watch Jack
fuck his harem.  After each client she was dying for his cock or
tongue and she got it.

     Jack bought her several extreme mini-skirts and very low cut
blouses.  She looked so hot in them.  She had objected briefly
saying, "What will my family think?"  but Jack easily convinced
her knowing she was dying to show off her hot body.  

     Her family had noticed how happy she was with her work and
they all had commented on it.  The first day she wore the low cut
stuff and the mini skirt Jenny had said,

      "Yea Mom you look hot"

     Steven had stared and Beth thought she saw his young cock
grow in his jeans as he said,

     "Wow Mom".

     Karen had said, 

     "Can I wear those sometime Mom?"

     Then Bill saw her and ran his eyes over her noticing her for
the first time, saying 

     "You look beautiful Beth.  I bet your clients eyes drop
out when they see you in that."

     Beth had hoped that something might come of this
conversation and she smiled coyly at Bill as she said,

     "Some of them seem to enjoy the view Bill, jealous?"

     "Maybe a little... I know I have ignored you too long."

     His eyes roamed over her once again hot body frequently
after that but he made no moves to Beth's regret.  She thought it
would be fun to fuck both Jack and Bill regularly.

     Shortly after that one day when they had just had great sex,
Jack asked her to not wear panties or bras anymore.  At first she
said,

      "Oh Jack no, my family will think I have become a real
slut." 
 
     Jack smiled as he caressed her bare tits, 

     "What's wrong with being a hot fucking slut if you enjoy
it"? 

     Beth smiled and spread her legs and said,

     "Just come fuck your hot fucking slut again Jack".

     Things were hot and got hotter.  Beth found herself horny
all the time and on several occasions found herself having sex
with a few new "friends" while Jack was in court. For example,
a lawyer from the office next door, the UPS delivery man, the Fed
X delivery man and a couple of others but more about those later.

     Jack and his wife Jan and their 15 year old daughter Cindy
started coming to dinner at Beth's and Bill's occasionally and
vise versa. Jan and Bill enjoyed discussing politics and Jack and
Beth walked around talking and sipping wine.  Then one night Jack
whispered into Beth's ear as soon as he had her alone,
     
     "I want to fuck you tonight, ....right now,.... here in your
house while everyone else is here.  Like right now"

     "Are you crazy Jack?.....It sounds like fun but we could get
caught"


               End Part 1b


Comments, constructive criticism, suggestions would be greatly
appreciated but be gentle....  where would you like to see this
story go...?

