Copyright (c) 1997 Drifter .   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@airmail.net



SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL              NOT INTENDED FOR MINORS

                       Back To Work 

			by Drifter

                            Part 7

     Later Jack and Paulette lay on the big bed, nude, wrapped in each others
arms, his spent cock still in her warm cunt.  I heard Paulette say,

     "Dear big brother, why didn't we do this years ago?"

     "I had no idea you would be open to it darlin. I used to jack off occasionally in
high school thinking about fucking you.  When did you start being so hot?"
          
     "Robert taught me, slowly, after we were married.  Although I knew he was
pretty open before we wed.  I had always wanted to be but was hesitant to try
anything.  When Robert started encouraging me to flirt with, and then fuck other men
I did so eagerly. Then he encouraged me to try women and I loved that too.  Now I,
and we, are open to almost anything sexual as long as it is safe."

     The night was a delight and the four of us tried to do it all before dawn.  When
we parted it was with eager plans to get together again soon.

                              ******

     Beth ended her story about her weekend there  and Bill said,

     "That was delicious Beth, but now I would like the five of us to go into the den. 
It is time that we had our own family orgy.

     After that things were wide open.  Jack brought Cindy over for a weekend with
Beth and her family plus Jill.  Jen, Jack's wife, was out of town visiting her parents.  

                         ******

     Then one day at work a client of Jack's came in the outer office with a huge
Great Dane.  He was a beautiful animal, slick and shiny.  Obviously very well cared
for.   Shortly Jack buzzed Beth on the intercom to show them in.  Beth was busy
getting out the billings and didn't listen in to the conversation this time.  It wasn't long
until the women left but without her dog.  Beth was wondering what was going on
when the intercom went off,

     "Beth darlin would you come in here please."

     In Jack's inner office the dog was sitting off to one side.  Beth looked him over
and then sat down waiting for Jack.  After a moment Jack told  her that he had to
keep the dog,Thor, for a short while while his client tried to make things up with her
husband.  It seems that Thor was the cause of the break up, a very talented dog,
particularly when it came to fucking women.  Beth sat up wide eyed and looked at
Thor again.  Jack continued saying that the lady's husband had caught her letting the
dog fuck her.  He had stormed out and filed for divorce.  But his wife didn't want a
divorce and promised not to do it with the dog anymore.   She wants me to keep her
dog until she sees if she can work it out with hubby.  If not she wants Thor back.

     Beth sat silent for a moment and then asked if Jack was serious.  He assurred
her that he was.  Beth kept looking at Thor and Jack smiled knowing what she was
thinking,

     "Would you like to try him?"

     "Jack, your kidding... he really fucks women?"

     "I haven't seen him do it but that is what she said,  I guess her husbands knows
for sure....  why dont you call him over to you, pet him and open your legs and see
what he does."

     Beth looked over and said softly, tentatively,

     "Thor... come here boy... lets see what you can do fella."

     The dane was on his feet and paddled over in front of Beth.  He looked at Beth as
she opened her legs a little and pulled up her skirt baring her cute cunt.  She felt his
nose between her legs.  Jack spoke,

     "Spread your legs wide darlin', see if he likes to lick pussy."

     Beth slowly let her legs spread.  Thor was between them instantly and his long
tongue was running from the bottom of Beths exposed pussy to her clit.  She let out a
squeal of pleasure.  She slouched down in the chair and pulled her skirt up higher
giveng Thor even better access.  She looked at Jack and gasped,

     "Damn Jack, his tongue feels fantastic."

     "Do you want him to fuck you Beth?"

     "I don't know Jack... it sounds wild... I have read about this..."

     "Strip and get on your hands and knees Beth.  Lets see if it is true.  You know
you will never forgive yourself if you don't try it."

     Beth only had on a one piece brief little dress and that was gone in a flash. 
She stood up and noticed for the first time Thor's huge cock out of his sheath ready. 
She got down on all fours and without hesitation, Thor reared up and locked his front
legs around her shoulders and Beth felt his big cock thrusting, hitting her ass but
missing it's real target.  Without waiting a second Beth reached back and guided him
into her wet cunt.   He thrust hard and in one stroke buried his large cock deep into
Beth.   Beth gasped loudly as she thrilled to this strange penetration.  Thor started
humping rapidly and Beth gasped and groaned as he thrust hard into her depths,

     "Oh Jack it is great.   damn...so good... So fast and deep...."
          
     Beth came repeatedly and it wasn't long until Thor shot his wad deep inside her. 
Then as she felt his cock swell she came in a semi-continuous flood of passion until
several minutes later . Thor finally began to go limp and his big cock slipped out of
Beth's well used pussy and Beth fell spent on the floor.  Thor curled up in the corner
satisfied, licking his cock clean.  Beth rolled over on her back and looked up at Jack. 
He was standing over, her his cock in his hand.  Beth smiled and said, 

     "Come give that to me... ever had sloppy seconds after a dog before."

     Beth learned that day that Thor was ready to go about ever thirty minutes if
encouraged.  By the end of the day Beth and Thor were really good friends and Beth
had agreed to keep Thor at her house, hoping the lady decided to go back with her
husband....Beth thought,  Karen and Jen will love him.

               end part 7 for now....

Where do you want this to go?
