Copyright (c) 1997 Drifter .   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@airmail.net


SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL              NOT INTENDED FOR MINORS
              

                    Back To Work 

			by Drifter

                       Part 3b

      Steven couldn't believe his Mom was so hot toward him and 
he replied,

     "Yeah  oh yeah... lots... I have thought about sex with you lots
Mom." 

     "Would you like to feel my pussy and see how wet you have
made your Mom with your looking and talking."

     She gasped as her son's finger found her hot slit and slid
deep inside her. Then she moaned softly,

     "I said feel me baby... I didn't mean for you to fingerfuck
me.....Oh yes Steven that feels so good.  God I want you to fuck
me baby.  Would you really like to fuck your Mom the way you did
Cindy?"

     "Oh hell yes Mom."

     "Tonight after everyone is asleep I will come to your room
and you can show me how you fucked Cindy, OK?"

     "I can't believe this is happening Mom.  I have jacked off a
hundred times thinking about fucking you."

     "Yes my love and tonight you will fuck me, and a whole lot
more baby.  Your Mother has wanted to fuck her son for a long
time now."

     Then Beth leaned down and gave him a dep french kiss as he
continued to played with her cunt and tits.  She slid her hand
inside his pants and squeezed his hard cock. After a moment or
two she stiffened and said,

     "Oh do me harder baby I'm cumming."

     In a few more minutes she stepped away from her son and
tried to reclaim her senses.  She had loved stepping across the
threshold with Steven.   Now nothing had to be held back.

     She continued fixing supper knowing Steven was still looking
at her tits and pussy every chance he got... she made sure he saw
a lot eager for the evening to pass so she could get in bed with
her son.  She frequently walked over and stood beside him so he
could feel her up.  Then Steven pulled his cock out and said,

     "Mom would you suck me off please?"

     "Hmmm I would love to baby."

               *****

     After dinner she joined Jenny in her room and they called
Jack with Jenny listening on the portable phone. Beth told Jack
all that she had done, eating Jenny and touching Karen and
playing with Steven and she asked him to come over and join she
and Jenny at 8:00 the next morning. 

     "Beth darling, you know I am dying to fuck Jenny."

     "And you will baby.  In the morning but me first."

     Jenny was so excited she was about to burst.   Beth hung up
the phone and kissed her deeply and left her to her thoughts.

     Then she sat and watched TV with Bill.  Ever since she had
admitted to Bill she was fucking Jack and some other men, Bill
was as turned on all the time as Beth was and he loved to hear
about Beth's experiences.  As they watched TV Bill slid his arm
around her and cupped one of her big breast.  Beth sighed her
pleasure and put her hand on top of his and pressed it into her
tit harder. Then she unbuttoned her blouse and slid his hand in
on top of her bare beauty.  She dropped her hand into his lap and
wrapped her fingers around his hard cock through his pants.  Bill
whispered,

     "Did Jack fuck you today honey?"

     "Yes... and something new happened.  I had sex with another
woman today.  I like that too I find."

     Just then Jenny walked through to the kitchen and Beth
continued stroking Bill's hard cock obviously.  Jenny stopped and
watched for a moment and then smiled and walked on to the
kitchen.  When she was gone Bill said,

     "You didn't even try to hide it."

     "Jen is a big girl.  She knows the facts honey.  Didn't you
know she was fucking her boy friend?"

     "No... damn... I guess it is to be expected."

     Beth smiled at him wickedly and unzipped his pants and
pulled out his cock and started stroking it again.

     "Beth Jen will be coming back through here any minute."

     "I know...."

     As expected Jen walked back into the room with a coke.  When
she saw her Dad's big hard cock out in her Mom's hand she stopped
and stared as she smiled broadly. She watched for a couple of
minutes as Beth delibrately and slowed stroked up and down her
fathers cock as she looked back at Jen.  Jen kept licking her
lips and stroking the coke can imitating Beth's movements,  then
walked to her bedroom reluctantly.

     Beth said,

     "I hope you have noticed what a beautiful sexy young woman
your daughters have become.  Men are going to be after them a
lot, not just kids, but grown men.  Like Jack.  He said he would
love to fuck Jenny."

     "You aren't thinking about letting that happen are you
Beth."

     But his cock swelled larger in her hand.

     "Maybe... he would be a good teacher.  Too bad you aren't
available to teach your girls how to fuck."

     He just looked at his wife in semi-disbelief... only he knew
she was serious.  The idea of Jack fucking Jenny was damned
exciting to Bill.  The idea of him fucking her was even more
exciting.

     When they got to bed Bill was so hot he was easy to please
with just a blow job and he was soon asleep.  Beth slid out of
bed when she heard his regular breathing and walked down the hall
to Steven's room, her heart racing wildly.  She stood outside his
door.  Her transparent gown hid nothing,  Her large firm tits
rose and fell with excitement.   Her nipples were erect and
terribly sensitive already,  her cunt was dripping and she could
feel her lubrication running down her leg.  She stood there and
thought about fucking Steven the rest of the night and she smiled
and whispered to herself,

     "Yessssss!"

     Then she stepped inside his room and closed the door behind
her.  She stood for a moment so Steven could get a good look at
her.  Dropping her night gown to the floor she crawled up on the
bed with Steven, nude, lying on his back with an enormous hard-on
waiting for her. 

     She smiled and lovingly slipped her lips over the head of
his rigid young cock.  Steven moaned and Beth raised her head,

     "Shhh darling, we don't want to wake anyone.  We have too
much to enjoy."

     Her mouth returned to his cock eagerly.  She sucked him,
bobbed up and down on him, drank his cum.  She pulled his head to
her pussy and straddled him as she fucked his mouth and tongue.  
She spread her legs wide as he shoved his big cock deep into his
Mom's cunt. They came and came and came.  She lay on her back as
Steven sat on her chest, his hard cock between her tits, as Beth
pressed them together around his cock as he fucked her full soft
now slick tits.  They rested and Beth said,

     "Baby there is only one place your big cock hasn't been...
want to fuck your mom in the ass."

     He was hard instantly and Beth got on her hands and knees
for him.

      Three hours after Beth had entered his room, after Steven
had cum in her mouth, in her cunt, on her chest and in her ass,
as well as eating her pussy till she came several times, Beth 
sat up and said,
     
     "Darling you are fabulous, you must keep your mouth shut
about this.  I loved fucking you and we will do it any time you
want to.  I think sex is the greatest and expect you to fuck a
lot of girls.  But especially me.   And I will help you fuck all
the others when I can."

     "Mom I want to fuck Jenny and Karen too"

     "Yeah I thought you would..... Ok, but wait until I bring
them to you.  They will be ready soon Steven. Very soon I will
bring Jenny to you and help you fuck her."
     
     Beth slipped her nightgown back on, kissed her son and
returned to her bedroom.  She didn't know it but Bill's eyes were
open as she slipped back into bed and cuddled up against his ass.
She smelled of sex and cum and Bill recognized it.   Then it hit
him... his wife had just fucked their son.   

                      ***

     When Jack arrived the next morning, Beth met him at the door
nude.  She stripped him and led him to her bed.  To his delight
Jenny was on the bed without a stitch of clothes on.  Shortly
Jack was fucking Beth dog fashion as Jenny watched intently. Then
Beth pulled Jenny around so she could get her mouth on Jenny's
pussy and as Jack fucked her, she brought Jenny off several times
with her tongue.

     Jack pulled out of Beth's cunt and pulled Jenny to him and
slowly caressed her young body as he kissed her lips tenderly. 
Jenny was already so hot she was going wild but Jack wanted this
to be a time she would remember fondly.  Beth placed Jenny's hand
on Jack's hard cock and pushed Jenny onto her back telling her, 

     "Open wide and say ahh darling."

     Jack eased his cock into Jen's mouth and was delighted at
how eagerly she sucked on it and bobbed up and down on it
rapidly.  then he stopped her and buried his face in her sweet
pussy. He kissed, he licked and tongued, he sucked.  jenny came
and he didn't even slow down.  he got Jen off three times in
quick succession before he moved up her body and sunk his huge
cock slowly into her cunt.  Jen shuddered, moaned, begged for
more as Jack eased into her.  She came again before it was all
inher.  It stretched her, filled her so wonderfully.  Jen was
hoping this would never stop.  Then she started to come again and
groened,

     "Oh shit Jack, I just thought I had been fucked before..."

     By noon Jenny had nothing left that Jack had not sampled,
Jack fucked her tits, her cunt, her mouth and her tight little
asshole.  Jenny loved it all and wanted seconds on all of it. 
Jack was happy to oblige for as long as he could.  Beth loved
watching her oldest daughter get so well fucked.  
     
     "When Jack had left Jen and Beth lay in each others arms and
Jen said,

     "God Mom, no wonder you fuck a lot.....  Is Daddy that
good?"

     "Yes he is baby..... you should find out for yourself."

                    *****

     That night after fucking Bill to sleep, Beth went by Jenny's
room and pulled her out of bed saying,

     "Lets go fuck your brother"

     The next day Steven and Jenny skipped school to stay home
and fuck all day. 

                    ******

     Beth continued to touch and love on Karen a lot.  Then  she
accidentally walked in on Karen one afternoon when she had come
home from work early, to find Karen masterbating.  Beth watched
through the open door until she came and then walked in as Karen
lay on her bed, her legs spread wide with her fingers still on
her bare pussy, her panties on the floor.  Karen started to jump
up but Beth put her hand on her tummy and held her down saying,

     "You were beautiful when you came darling.  Don't be
embarrassed, we all do it.  Have you found your little G spot
yet?"

     Karen looked up at her beautiful Mom, her low cut blouse
showed her tits all the time, her brief skirt was pushed up and
Karen could see her bare pussy.  She knew her Mom was one hot
lady and figured she was messing around on her Dad.  Now she
was amazed as her Mom was talking to her about how to masterbate
better.  Karen felt a tingle return to her clit and she touched
it openly as her Mom watched and she said,

     "I have heard about it Mom but I can't seen to find it.  My
girlfriends say it is really fun."

     To Karen's amazement Beth smiled at her and said,

     "I'll help you find it baby."

     Karen felt her Mom's long finger slide inside her wet little
cunt and twist to reach up behind her clit only a little deeper. 
Karen jumped and Beth laughed and said,

     "That's it baby."

     Beth continued to stroke it.  Karen was immediately totally
turned on and was hunching like crazy into her Mom's hand as her
Mom finger fucked her and stroked her G-spot. She moaned,

     "Yess.. Oh Mom that feels so good... please don't stop."

     Then she exploded as never before and fell limp on her bed. 
Her eyes barely open, she saw her Mom pull her finger out of her
cunt and smell it with a smile and then take it into her mouth to
suck all of Karen's juices off of it.  Then Beth said,

     "Karen baby,  your Mom doesn't plan on stopping.  We have
just begun...."
                         ******
     That night as Beth and Bill sat watching TV again, Bill's
hand inside her blouse on a bare tit.  Beth was stroking Bill's
cock, which was out of his pants in her hand in clear view of
everyone who wanted to see. At Beth's insistance Bill and Beth no
longer closed their bedroom door when they had sex either which
seemed to be every night lately.   Then Bill said softly,

     "You are fucking Steven aren't you?"

     "Yes.... he is very good.  His cock is already as large as
yours."

     "God Beth.... is there anything you won't do?"

     "I don't think so.... maybe you ought to visit Jenny and
Karen in their bedrooms.... you know you want to fuck both of
your daughters."

     Bill couldn't help himself he started to cum.  The first
shot went out on the carpet but Beth caught the rest of it in her
mouth.  When she straightened up she said,

     "Darling, I guess it is time for you to know what a slut I
am getting to be and what a hot fucking house you live in.  I
have been fucking you each night.  After you go to sleep I go to
Steven's room and let him fuck me. Sometimes I go to Jenny's room
and we eat each other's cunts until we cum. I am teaching Karen
how to masterbate the best ways.  I love to fingerfuck my baby.
Her little cunt is sooo tight.  And I fuck Jack most days. 
Jenny's cunt is tight too but Jack has opened it up a lot with
his big cock.  He says her little cunt feels soooo good.  He has
fucked her about a dozen times now. Jenny loves to fuck everyway
possible.  Steven and Jenny fuck almost every afternoon before we
get home.  

     She hasn't said so yet but I think Karen has been watching
them. I know she is dying to loose her cherry.  Jenny is also
fucking Stan her boyfriend and a couple of his buddies.  You have
a lot of eager pussies in this house.  You are missing out a lot. 
Tonight I want you to follow me and watch while I fuck our son
and eat our oldest daughter.  After that it's up to you.  But you
are crazy if you don't fuck the girls."

     Bill was hard again and rolled over between Beth's legs and
fucked his wife in the living room as his kids walked back and
forth to the kitchen watching them.

     Bill did follow Beth that night and watched her secretly in
action with all three of their children.  But Bill still
hesitated to do anything himself.  Who can figure?

          Things continued for them all like that for weeks. 
Jenny would drop by the office occasionally to fuck Jack but
Steven fucked her everyday after school keeping her very happy. 
Stan her boy friend enjoyed all the new stuff she had learned but
never asked any questions.  Stan didn't know it but Jenny was
fucking his best buddy Sammy since he had hit on her at school
one day.  Everyone thought it couldn't get much better.... but it
did.


          end 3b