Archive-name: 3plus/wrapprty.txt
Archive-author: Karin Lee
Archive-title: Wrap Party, The


(c)1989 Kayle Sea Productions
All Rights Reserved

-one-

"Roll tape!"  "Wait for speed!.......okay!"  "Okay, now 
start the transistion and then.....no! Wait for 'Action', 
Karin!.....okay, again. Start the transition and then go 
into the Flying V, just like we ran through......and.... 
Action!".

I began the slow transition scene, trying not to rush (but 
how the hell are you suppose to time these things, anyway?) 
and rolled out of the somewhat strained position that I had 
been holding. Mark's cock plopped against his thigh as I let 
it slip from my mouth and rolled over onto my back. He got 
to his knees and grabbed my ankles, pulling me to the edge 
of the bed where I threw my legs up in the infamous "Flying 
V" position. Mark stroked his cock a few times, to regain 
his erection, then plowed directly into my pussy.

"Cut!!!!" yelled all five of the crew members at once. The 
director shook his head sadly. "Look, Mark, we've got this 
one scene left to do. That's it. All we have to do is get 
some good penetration and then we can all go home, okay? So 
take it fucking SLOW, alright!?" "Yeah, okay already! Slow! 
Right, I got it......" Mark mumbled something under his 
breath, something about being such a professional. Right. 
"Okay, lets try again! Positions..........right. Let's get 
it this time, okay? Roll Tape!" "Wait for speed.......speed!
"Action!".

This time, everything went fine. Finally. After three hours 
working on one scene, we were finally finishing the damn 
scene, the movie, the whole ball of wax. "Okay, Karin, you 
need to be louder, honey........that's better......good 
Mark, really stroke it! Give her the full length, that's 
what it's about, babe!... Yeah, that's it.........Keep your 
legs up, Karin........Tell him how much you want it honey...
...yeah, that's good.........keep going, keep going......." 
Robert continued coaxing us to our best, softly hinting at 
what he would like to see, directing dialogue, and generally 
being an annoyance.

"Okay! That should do it.....Cut! How long was that!?" "Oh, 
we got 11 and a half minutes." "How much is good?" "At least 
two minutes, two and a half, tops!" "That's great! Good job 
guys, Karin! Okay, that's a wrap! Let's get out of here!" 
The crew had already begun shutting down. They knew that the 
footage was good. We spent the next hour taking care of bus- 
ness, getting paid, taking showers and getting dressed. I 
came into the waiting room looking much-the-worse for wear, 
my hair still damp from the shower, black-brown curls cling- 
ing to my face and neck. You got up from the couch where you 
had been waiting, came over to me and kissed me long and 
hard. "Let's go, babe. I'm so horny I could pop in the car!"

"Please, Darren, give me a break, okay? I need to rest! That 
may not sound like work, but you haven't been on this 
fucking set for thirteen hours, either! I'm fucking tired!" 
You looked at me with love and lust mixed in your eyes. Love 
slowly gained the upper hand, and I could see the resig- 
nation creep onto your face. You smiled gently at me. "Yeah, 
babe, I understand. Let's go home and you can rest for a 
while.......Oh, yeah....Susann and Richie are coming over 
later. Thought that you would feel like celebrating after 
you finished. You know, like a 'wrap party'!" I smiled as I 
settled into the car and snuggled up next to you. "That 
sounds nice, honey. Wake me up when they come over." I 
drifted off to sleep as the car sped along the highway, 
heading for our apartment.

                     * * * * * * * * *

The room was dark and quiet, the only sound being the soft 
ticking of the bedside alarm clock. I suddenly realized that 
I was awake, and for a moment wondered where I was. I had 
been dreaming about the movie, and wasn't exactly sure 
whether we had actually finished it or not. Slowly though, 
the surroundings became familiar, and I relaxed. I felt 
refreshed, reborn, and I stretched and yawned, then slipped 
out of the bed and realized that I was naked. Funny, I 
didn't remember getting undressed; but then I didn't re- 
member getting into bed, either. I went to the door and 
opened it, starting to go down to the livingroom as I was, 
when I heard voices downstairs. Susann and Richie! Shit! I 
quickly shut the door and went back to the dresser to pull 
out a night-gown. God, that was close! A good thing that you 
had been talking, or I might have wandered naked into the 
room!

In a few minutes I was more-or-less presentable, and left 
the bedroom. Susann and Richie were sitting on the couch, 
playing gently and innocently with each other as you sat on 
the loveseat, looking a little uncomfortable. No, not un- 
comfortable; horny. And lonely. You perked up as I walked 
into the room, though, and Susann smiled warmly. "Hi, 
Karin!" she said happily. "How are you feeling now? All 
rested?" I smiled back and went to kiss her hello. "I'm 
doing fine! I feel *great*! Like a brand-new girl! Hi, 
Richie!" "Hi, sleepyhead! You look good!" I looked at 
Susann. "Keep him" I said, smiling "he has excellent taste!" 
I gave him a kiss. "MMMmmm....he tastes good, too!" Susann 
laughed, and Richie looked embarassed. "I know!" she said 
happily "and he proves it to me every day!".

"Hey, you, what about me!?" "Don't worry honey, I wouldn't 
*ever* forget about you!". I snuggled up next to you on the 
loveseat and nuzzled your cheek softly. "Miss me?" I asked, 
teasing your stomach with a fingernail. "No, not really! 
Rich and Susann have been wonderful company! I'm glad they 
got here when they did, 'cause you were dead to the world 
when we got home!" "Hmmmm? What do you mean?" "Well, you 
wouldn't wake up, so Rich helped me get you upstairs...... 
you were cute, too! You kept calling him 'Mark' and telling 
him to fuck you harder!" 

"I did not! God, you guys are terrible!" Susann giggled as 
she came over to us and gave my hand a squeeze. "I'm afraid 
you did, honey! You really *were* cute, though! Don't worry, 
we made Richie leave before we got you out of your clothes. 
It's a good thing, too, or you might have attacked him!" I 
looked sheepishly around the room. All three of you were 
grinning at my embarassment, and I couldn't help but blush. 
"God, I can't believe this! You're blushing!!?? The woman 
spends thirteen hours fucking and sucking for the camera, 
and gets embarassed just because we undressed her and put 
her to bed. Alone. By herself!". You shook your head, chuck- 
ling softly. "Okay, baby, that's alright, I guess *everyone* 
has *some* kind of modesty to deal with!" "Well, it's not 
really that I'm embarassed by *that*, it's just that, well, 
I could have, you know, embarassed Richie and Susann.......I 
really am a slut, you know!"  The chorus was almost deaf- 
ening. "WE KNOW!!!!"

-two-

The evening was very pleasant. We sat together in the hot 
tub, sipping the champagne that Richie had picked up for the 
occassion, chatting and splashing each other with the warm 
bubbling water. The view of the Valley was beautiful, and 
the soft new-age music playing on the stereo helped to set 
the perfect mood. Susann and Richie played and nuzzled each 
other, and you and I followed their lead, being the perfect 
host and hostess that we are. We had talked about being in a 
situation like this before, but had just kept it to our- 
selves, using the fantasy as a spark to add a bit of variety 
to our sex life. But this was no fantasy. It was real, and 
was following more-or-less the same lines as our fantasies 
had. Your hand played with my nipples under the water, and I 
gently stroked your cock through the fabric of your swim 
trunks. Occassionally you would drop your hand to my crotch 
and play with my pussy, rubbing it in just the right spot to 
drive me crazy.

I stroked Susann's foot with my toe, and caught her eye, 
smiling at her. She smiled back and winked, then stroked my 
leg with her foot. I started to feel that tingling sensation 
in my pussy and got a liitle light headed as I realized that 
we were very close to fulfilling our private fantasy. I 
turned a bit to get a better angle, and responded to 
Susann's tentative advances. My foot slowly, cautiously 
working it's way higher and higher, untill my toes were 
gently teasing her cunt. She closed her eyes and moaned 
softly as she eased down lower into the tub, closer to my 
teasing toes. I worked my big toe underneath her bikini and 
caressed her clit with it. She moaned out loud, and Richie 
looked at her with amazement. "What are you carrying on 
about!?" "Mind your own business!" she said, smiling at me. 
Richie looked at me, then back at her. "Is there something 
going on here that I don't know about?" "Of course not, 
dear" I replied softly "now mind your own business".

"Darren? What is going on?" "Hmmmmmmmmm.......it looks to me 
like Karin and Susann have decided that they want to play 
for a while.....is that right, honey?" I looked at you and 
smiled, then looked toward Richie. "Only if it's okay with 
you guys, right Sugano?" "I don't care if it's okay with 
them or *not*! What's a little harmless playing between two 
girls?" You smiled and took another sip of your champagne. 
"That sounds perfectly reasonable to me! What do you say, 
Rich? Should we let them play? We could watch them and take 
pictures!" "NO PICTURES! This isn't work, okay? I don't need 
a fucking director telling me how to screw in my own hot 
tub!" "Uh....how about if we do it quietly?" "Well, I guess 
it's up to Susann and Richie........okay, guys?" Richie and 
Susann looked at each other, then smiled and shrugged. 
"Okay, that sounds good to us!"

Richie moved around in the tub, and I slid closer to Susann. 
Gently caressing her cheek with my fingers, I softly pulled 
her closer and kissed her tentatively. She responded shyly, 
slowly warming to my kisses on her cheeks, her neck, her 
ears and finally on her lips. Probing gently, more like a 
question, my tongue found her lips. She moaned softly, then  
her lips parted slightly and I felt the tip of her tongue 
touch mine. She gave a light gasp and opened her mouth 
further. As our tongues met she wrapped herself around me 
and began to kiss me passionately, and I responded in kind. 
My hand cupped a breast and kneaded it lightly, teasing her 
nipple with a fingernail. I slipped my hand under the strap 
of her bikini and pulled it off her shoulder, letting the 
fabric fall away from her tit. 

We held each other and kissed feverishly, touching, car- 
essing, probing each other, searching for those special 
spots that elicit pleasure from deep within. Getting closer 
to each other than we had ever been, each of us learning 
intimate secrets about the other. You and Richie sat and 
watched appreciatively. "Can you believe that just five 
hours ago she was completely fucked-out, Rich?" "That *is* 
pretty hard to believe! She is one horny bitch, huh?" "You 
got *that* right! Lets get some pictures of this! You left 
for a moment and returned with a camera. "Okay, baby, I said 
that I wouln't direct, and I won't........but let's go into 
the house so that we can get better shots, okay?"

We got out of the hot tub and wandered back into the living-
room. As soon as we were there, Susann and I fell onto each 
other, taking off each other's bikinis. Falling to the deep 
plush carpet, we continued exploring each other, my tongue 
burying itself in her hot, wet pussy, her tongue licking at 
my inner thighs. I breathed in her aroma and licked eagerly 
at her clit, pushing first one finger, then two, into her 
hot dripping cunt. She stopped eating me and fell back on 
the floor, panting heavily and moaning with pleasure. "God 
Karin, don't stop! That feels soooooooooo gooooood!!!!" 
Knowing that she was enjoying my tongue so much made me even 
hornier, and I demanded attention. "Darren......I need to be 
fucked right now, and I don't care who does it, but 
*somebody* had better start paying some attention to me!"

"Rich, I think Karin needs to be fucked! Would you care to 
oblige her? I would, but somebody needs to take pictures!" 
Richie hesitated for a moment. "Uh, Susann? Would you mind 
if I fuck her?" Susann came back to earth for a moment, and 
looked at him sternly. "Richard, if you *don't* fuck her, 
I'll never speak to you again!". Richie quickly took off his 
trunks, and approached me from behind. His cock was rock- 
hard, and stood nearly upright. Kneeling behind me, he 
spread my legs apart and gently eased a finger into my 
aching cunt. Running it in circles around the inside of my 
pussy, he felt so good that I couldn't stand it. "God, 
Richard! Will you fuck me *please*!?" "Alright baby, get 
ready 'cause I'm gunna ram it in!" "Quit talking about it 
and do it!"

Richie rubbed his cock against my waiting lips, pushing it 
in between my cunt lips. Grabbing my hips with both hand, he 
thrust hard into me, burying his cock deep within my body. I 
screamed uncontrollably as he rammed his manhood into me 
again and again, fucking me as hard as he could. I was no 
longer able to concentrate on eating Susann, and rested my 
cheek against her thigh as Richie pounded his cock into my 
cunt. My pussy was hot and dripping with my juices and 
precum from Richie's cock and I was on the verge of cumming 
when you interrupted with news that we were out of film. 
Susann sighed happily. "Good! Karin, do you mind if I take 
Darren?". My answer was unintelligible, but you laughed and 
answered for me. "Of course she doesn't mind! She's in 
heaven! 

Richie pulled his cock out of my cunt, and I spun around and 
engulfed his waiting meat in my mouth before he had the 
chance to complain. You lay down next to Susann and stroked 
her tits as she started to suck your throbbing cock. She 
slipped her hand around the base of it and continued to suck 
and lick you while I did the same for Richie. Almost as if 
we were in competition. The United States Olympic Cocksuck- 
ing Team in action and going for the gold. In minutes, our 
efforts were rewarded, as you and Richie managed to achieve 
simultaneous orgasms. Cum was everywhere, as it spurted 
violently out of your throbbing cocks, dribbling down our 
cheeks, chins, and tits. Sucking you both dry, Susann and I 
then turned our attention to each other, licking cum off our 
bodies and playing with each other again.

"I'm really worried about them, Darren!.....I think they may 
be turning into.......lesbians!" Susann and I looked at each 
other and laughed, then gave each other a quick but deep 
kiss. "No chance of that, Richie!" I replied happily "I do 
love Susann, but she can't take the place of a nice hard 
cock in my pussy! For that matter, she can't take the place 
of a nice hard cock in my ass, either!". You looked at 
Susann and she laughed lightly. "Susann, honey, would you 
mind if Richie and I made a sandwich out of Karin? A state- 
ment like that just *can't* go ingnored!" "I don't mind at 
all! Just save some for me!"

Richie lay on his back, his cock stirring with new-found 
strength. I climbed on top of him and lowered myself onto 
his now rock-hard cock, impaling myself with his meat. You 
knealt behind me and pushed me forward, then worked a finger 
into my tight asshole. Finding it dry, you cupped your hand 
at my cunt, now dripping with juice as I rode Richie's cock.  
Soon, you had plenty of slippery fluid for your cock and 
fingers. Again you pushed a finger into my hole, lubricating 
it with my own juice and making it loose enough to accept 
your now throbbing cock. Rubbing my juice onto your meat, 
you held my hips and pushed against my tiny puckered ass- 
hole, pushing slowly but steadily untill you were fully 
inside me. I could feel the strange sensation of two cocks 
bumping each other through the walls of my ass and pussy. A 
very strange and very wonderful feeling, much better than 
being fucked by only one cock at a time.

Matching your strokes to Richie's, you soon had me cumming 
hard, unable to control my shaking and quivering body. My 
breath came in short pants, and I was unable to talk, so I 
collapsed onto the floor with a smile of contentment on my 
face as you fell on top of me. "Hey! how about some warning 
before you drop out on us, okay?" "MMMmmmmmm.......s'rry..."
I replied, but I really didn't care if anyone was unhappy 
with my performance. "Well, Susann? It's your turn!"  I 
glanced over at the three of you through sleepy, contented 
eyes, and watched as you and Richie double-fucked my new 
girlfriend. I smiled at her as our eyes met, because I knew 
what she was feeling while you fucked her violently in her 
pussy and Richie attacked her poor virgin asshole. She 
suddenly moaned and screamed and started to buck wildly as 
she rode the waves of an orgasm. The added motion of her 
body was all it took, and you came gushing into her cunt 
while Richie pulled his cock out of her ass and shot his 
load all over her back and her nice round ass.

The three of you collapsed on the floor next to me, and I 
kissed each of you hard and deep, snuggling in to be as 
close as possible to all of the people that had just fucked 
me.  "MMMMmmmmmmmmmmm................that was nice......... 
we'll have to do it again sometime!" I said sleepily. Susann 
looked at me, smiling. "So you get paid for this, huh?...... 
Where do *I* go to sign up?"

-end- 

The Wrap Party 
by Karin Lee 
(c)1989 Kayle Sea Productions
--
