Archive-name: Bondage/wrestpnr.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Wrestling Partner


I work for a computer firm in Seattle. The area is beautiful, nice and
green from all the rain we get up here. I like it here, but being a single
male in a neighborhood full of families, it gets pretty boring too.
One Friday nite not too long ago, I decided to go out instead of staying
home. There's a sports bar near my house; I figured if nothing else, I could
go watch the Mariners lose.

I walked into the bar..the place was crowded..people were everywhere..
women..men..some attractive..some not so attractive..some..oh never mind.
When from across the room a woman approached me..a gorgeous woman with
nice, firm boobs, tight ass accented by the short skirt she was wearing,
high cheekbones, blue eyes, long dark hair, about five-foot-eight or so.
I could tell she was ready for some action. Our eyes met..I knew this was
the woman I'd been waiting to meet for so long..she said, "What'll you have
to drink?"

After ordering a beer, I sat down to watch the Mariners. Sure enough they
were losing (8-0 in the fourth inning) and things were getting ugly.
People were yawning (the few who were watching the game)..it was obvious
they had decided the game was over.  I noticed a phone # etched in the table.
It said, "For a good time, call Bubbles 679-8075." Then I suddenly realized
that was the phone # for the local bottled water company. Someone trying to get
free advertising. "What's this world coming to," I thought.

Other than the game, not much was happening, outside of the fight going on
in the other room, some drunk guys singing college fight songs in time to the
disturbance, a few others placing bets on how bad the Ms would lose, and guys
trying to hustle women. In otherwords, just a typical nite. I decided to
leave, and as I was walking out, the waitress said, "Come again." I thought,
"heh-heh, that what's he said ar ar ar".

I decided to check out another bar that featured female mud wrestling,
definitely a spectator sport that's more entertaining than baseball. No
"three strikes you're out" stuff here. After paying a hefty fee, I walked in
and got a table near the front. There was a big pit, and they were starting
to pour dirt in..then some water..yep mud alrite. Then two women approached
and started going at it. After they stopped slugging each other, they got
into the pit. They started wrestling in the goo..pretty soon they were covered
with it. "All right", I thought, "this is gonna be good!" Well, the mud
started flying and I thought "someone's gonna get hit". At that moment,
I heard a loud SPLAT! I looked down and my shirt was covered with mud.
I wasn't too happy at the thought of driving home with a muddy shirt
and having to clean off all that sludge. YECCH!

The two women stopped and ran over to me. Both of them were pretty good-
looking; one of them was in her twenties, brown hair, decent looking body.
She told me to go in the backroom, where she helped me clean off some of the
larger mud patches. She said she had to go back out front, but asked me to
wait for her back there. About ten minutes later, the "match" was over and
she returned. "Hi," she said, "My name is Lori. But my friends call me Lori."
I excused her lack of intelligence as an occupational hazard and we exchanged
in small talk for awhile. I asked her if she needed to go back out front, but
she shook her head. "My partner Janice isn't feeling too good, so we stopped.
Besides, I kinda like talking to you better." Needless to say, I was feeling
better about getting the mud on my shirt! It quickly became obvious there
was a mutual attraction (either that or I was just horny).

I decided to take this floozy, er I mean lady home. After she cleaned up, the
drive took about 15 minutes. When we got there, the house had a definite feel
to it. I would describe the atmosphere as late 60s poverty. Kinda reminded me
of the place I had in college..what made me feel especially nostalgic was
the lack of furniture. I noticed she also had exquisite taste in
beverages. "Want some Annie Green Springs wine?" she asked. I hadn't had
any for yrs. In fact, the stuff was so bad I'd always thrown up every time
I'd drank it in the past. I tasted it..yep stuff still tasted awful.

"So, how long you lived here," I asked. "Oh, about six months. I'm thinking
about getting furniture so when my friends come over, they don't have to sit
on the floor," she said.  Good idea, I thought. "Yeah, I like it here. There's
some privacy so when I walk around naked, nobody's watching. Though that might
be kinda fun, knowing someone's watching me!" I almost spilled my drink when
she said that.

She must have noticed because she smiled and said, "I grew up in a liberal
family. We believed nudity was natural and that sex was also a natural
thing. I had my first experience at 16..it was wonderful..I saw a dog."
She put her hand on my arm and said "I believe sex can be the most
beautiful thing two people can give to each other." She moved towards me.
"Ouch!" she suddenly exclaimed. "What's wrong?" I asked. "Oh, just an old
roller derby injury. My arm gets stiff every once in awhile." "That's not theonly thing stiff rite now", I thought to myself, while pondering what she
meant by an old roller derby injury! "Anyway," she continued, "when I saw you
walk in tonite, you struck me as the type that would understand that. And when
we accidentally flung that mud at you, I figured that would be a good time to
break the ice. In fact, let me take that shirt off you and put it in the
washer." Before I knew it, she had my shirt off and was running her fingers
up and down my chest.

The room was spinning (must've been that cheap wine!). I had an idea of what
would happen next, but I was too startled to do anything. Maybe it was the
cold floor, I don't know. All of a sudden, she took her shirt off, saying
that way we were even. She was beautiful (and her boobs weren't bad either).
She had on a black lace bra, which accentuated her light body even more.
I felt the room getting hotter, my blood pressure going up higher, and I
started breathing harder. She must have noticed, because she whispered in my
ear in a sexy voice, "You must not be feeling well. I know how I
can make you feel better." "What a line," I thought, but at that point I
didn't care. She took my hand and led me into her bedroom. Fortunately, it
was well furnished, but the "1989 Telemarketer of the Year" award sitting
on the shelf didn't make me feel any better.

By this time, I had all these questions in my head. How can this woman be
so mature about sex and at the same time be such an idiot? Why isn't the
front room furnished? How did she get all these strange jobs? Where the hell is
this story going? I quickly forgot all these questions when she reached over
and gave me one of the wettest and slow kisses I've ever had. I felt all
inhibitions melt as she lowered her hands and undid my pants and underwear."Oh, you have a nice one." she said. "Let me show you what I have." She undid
her bra doing a slow striptease. Then off came her pants and panties. She
was indeed quite beautiful naked, even if she had no brains.

I walked over to her and we fell down together on the bed. "I don't go
chasing after guys very often.  Only about once a week or so." "Uh-oh," I
thought, "what if she has a STD? Oh, SHIT, I don't have any rubbers". Just
then, she pulled out a package of condoms, a brand I'd never seen before.
"GLOW IN THE DARK condoms", said the package. "All my lovers use these," she
said. "That way, they can see their way to the bathroom after we finish!"
There were different colors..red, white & blue, orange, etc.  I chose green,
after all I'm Irish. After putting the condom on, I noticed her starting to
chew some gum.

I ignored this and started kissing her, first on her lips, then her chin, then
her neck. As I started down her neck, she threw the gum away.  I ducked to
avoid being hit by the gum and then continued my way down her valley of
loveliness. I spent some time playing with her beautiful breasts..licking and
sucking them. From her moans of pleasure, it was obvious she enjoyed what I
was doing. I really enjoyed playing with her nipples. What momentarily
distracted me was the tattoo of the state of Oregon on her left breast. I
have fond memories of my days in Oregon and I started getting sad that
they had to end. But I quickly remembered my real reason for being there and
continued on.

I continued on down her body (can you actually believe I'm writing this
trash?) until I arrived at her beautiful pussy. It was nice & hairy, just theway I like them. She moaned her approval, as I started tonguing her. I felt
her pussy getting wetter and wetter..she was moving and gyrating every which
way, but loose! I felt her come and then she pulled my face up to her and
she said, "put it in". I wasn't sure what "it" was, but I found out as soon
as she grabbed my cock and eased it into her cunt. It felt so nice and
slippery. We soon began a steady rhythm, in & out..in & out..well, you get
the picture. I was real hot by this point, so I knew I wouldn't hold out
very long. I felt myself about to come, I yelled out and she did the same.
"AHHHH....OHHHHHH..CHEEEEESSSSEE (so I talk funny when I come, you wanna
make somethin out of it, bucko?).

After I came, we held each other. I decided to use the bathroom. Yes, the
"glow in the dark" condom did help me see. But not well enough unfortunately.
She forgot to tell me about the box in front of the bathroom that she
hadn't put away. I fell over it with a loud thump. "Oops, sorry," she said.
After I'd finished my business in there, I limped back into bed. I finally
summoned up the courage to ask her how she got into mudwrestling. "Oh, I
just kinda fell into it," she sighed. "Besides, I meet some really interesting
people this way. Last week, I met this guy who had a 10-inch dick and.." I
quickly interrupted her, because I didn't want to hear the rest of that
story! So we lay there and drifted off to sleep.

I awoke the next morning, she cooked me breakfast (did a good job, too!),
then I went home to reflect on the nite before. I still see Lori once in
awhile, though now I'm chasing after an aerobics instructor at my gym who
keeps promising me the "ultimate workout." She hasn't told me what she
means by that, but she has been real nice to me lately! But I know anytimeI want to get "down and dirty", I can still look up Lori.


                        "TIE YOU WHICH WAY?"

I consider myself a good looking guy, mid 30s, decent job, and I occasionally
catch the eye of the ladies. But I definitely wasn't prepared for Stephanie.
Stephanie is a cute lady also in her 30s, tall (5' 10"), great figure (works
out a lot), long dark brown hair, tight boobs and butt, and probably has
one of the sweetest dispositions of anyone I know. She also enjoys some
unusual indoor activities, as I quickly found out. We met through a mutual
friend. I really wasn't looking to get involved at the time; I'd run the gamut
of singles clubs, ads, bars, failed relationships, and I was sick of the whole
thing. Though I value friendship first in a relationship, I was at the point
where a quick fling was looking real good!

A mutual friend named Joan asked me to meet them one night at a local
restaurant.  Steph had recently broken up with someone and was feeling rather
depressed about it. When my friend told me this, I tried to beg off, I mean
I'm not good at mending broken hearts (mine or someone else's), but she said,
"No, I think you two would be good for each other. Besides, I've told Stephanie
all about you and she really wants to meet you!" "Oh God. Another blind date
to wrangle out of," I thought. "Let's see, what excuse can I use this time?"
Since I couldn't think of any and resisting the urge to strangle her, I
finally agreed to meet them. I got to the restaurant and was very pleasantly
surprised when I met Stephanie. She looked real cute in her business suit.
She said, "So you're John, I've heard some good things about you." I said,
"well, Joan tends to exaggerate now and then, but I always enjoy hearing
things like that." Joan rolled her eyes and said, "Oh brother! I'm gonnaget a drink."

"Oh great," I thought. "Now I'm stuck with something to say. Let me see, uh,
hey how about them Lakers. Naw probably not a sports fan. Come here often? no,
that line went out with Nixon. What's your sign? Naw, probably not into
astrology." Sweat began to form on my forehead..I had to think of something
to say. "Uh, that's a cute coat you're wearing. Where did you get it?"
She smiled, obviously finding this as awkward as I did. "Oh, there's a
great clothing store near where I live where I got it." Then, I asked the
next famous question (no, not that one. I barely knew her at this point!)
"What kind of work do you do? "Oh, I work as a training coordinator for
Miliken Systems. I do training classes." "Oh, how neat," I said. "Now, I
can let her talk", I thought. She talked about her job and after a few minutes,
we were engaged in a lively conversation.

Finally, I asked her what had happened with her ex-boyfriend. I mean, she
was quite attractive and intelligent, and I didn't want to pry, but I mean,
her ex was a fool for letting her go. "well," she said, we just had too
many differences." I said, "that's too bad." "It happens," she said. So we
continued talking and discovered we shared some common interests and made
plans to get together. I looked over at the bar and saw Joan smiling at us.
I had to admit, she was probably right about us getting along.

So we went out 2 or 3 times and had a great time. Then, one nite after we'd
gone out, she invited me in (well dragged me in. I'm rather shy! :-)) her
place. Things got hot and heavy after that..suffice to say I spent the
night there and was treated to some wonderful sex. God, that was nice.
The next weekend, we were together again and we were cuddling in her bedroom.
I figured the next step would be another round of fucking, when all of asudden she said, "tie me to the bed!" I said, "Huh?" She looked straight at
me and said in a sexy voice, "I want you to tie me up. I really get off on
that. There's some rope in the drawer." "But I don't even know Boy Scout
knots," I said. "Don't worry.  I'll show you," she said. "oh god, what have
I gotten myself into? Oh well." I thought, as I got the ropes out. I gotta
admit, there was a look of lust in her eyes and I felt myself getting excited.

The ropes were real long and I was scratching my head, figuring out which
end was which. Panic quickly filled my mind. "hey, hon," she said, "let me try
it on you first." Uh-oh, I thought. What had I gotten myself into with this
woman? I always wanted women who were wholesome, the kind that married dear
old dad, that cooked you brownies, gave you back rubs, and oh sorry I
forgot it's the 90s. Women like that don't exist anymore!  Anyway, she tied
this wild looking knot around my wrists, that was real hard to undo. "This
is the kind I like and it's not that hard to do, but once it's done, IT'S
DONE!! Now I hope you learn quick, because I want you to do that to me! So I
took her arms and started to tie her wrist to the bedpost. I did remember
most of what I was supposed to and managed to tie both her arms up. I started
to walk away, and she said, "hey come back here. You forgot my legs!" "Oh
yeah. right." I said and I tied her legs to the bedposts.

This had the potential to turn into something fun. I repressed an evil laugh
as I thought of other things I could do to her. Hmmmm, any feathers,
whips, or rubber snakes around? "Hey Stephanie, what do I do with you now?" I
asked in a half-mocking tone. "You don't have any TOYS lying around that we
could play with, do you?" "Check the middle drawer," she said. So I opened it,
expecting to find a rubber ducky or inflatable pool toy (POOL TOY, not PULLTOY!). What I saw in there blew my mind. All kinds of leather thingies,
some vibrators, but no rubber snakes. OH DARN! I pulled out this cute feather
boa. "Now run that all over my body." she said, "mmmmmm" I heard her moan
as I ran the boa across her. I noticed her nipples standing on edge and just
a faint tinge of wetness on her cunt. I did this a few times and she
shivered every time I did that.

I went back to the drawer and found her collection of vibrators. I chose one to
use on her. I think it was a Panasonic or Oster or something you could get
at K-Mart. I'll bet they never intended for people to use it this way, heh-heh.
I turned it on and repeated the process, using the vibrator to go around and
around her beautiful body, around her nipples, up and down her torso, her
legs, and oh yes, her cunt which was soaked at this point. I could tell she
was getting frustrated, so I asked her how she was doing. "I'm fine. In fact,
I'm wonderful!" she sighed. I was really starting to enjoy this. To have a
beautiful woman at your mercy has got to be one of the ultimate male ego trips.
I felt she was getting too hot, so I went out to the kitchen and got some ice
cubes out of the frige to "cool her down." I rubbed the ice over her nipples
and down her body towards her cunt. "OOOOHHHHHHHH", she screamed, "it's so
cold." "Well, I had to cool you off a little. I don't want you getting too
hot too soon!" I said.

I noticed that I was getting real hot too. My cock had "risen" to the
occasion, and I wasn't sure how much more of this I could handle before I
just jumped on top of her. So I decided to play with her some more. I
started kissing her forehead, playing with her hair, playfully biting her
earlobes, breathing into her ears (this got her so excited she almost broke
her ropes). I then moved down to her nipples. They looked so hard they
probably hurt. I pulled at them just a little and gently nibbled on themwith my teeth. Stephanie moaned her approval and I moved down her body.
I looked at her face right before I dove in on her pussy; she looked
completely enraptured by what I was doing.

I flicked my tongue around her pussy, starting right above it, then moving
to her upper thighs, then back to her pussy..around and around I went,
brushing against her lips and clit. I did this for a few minutes. Then I
decided to take pity on her. After all, she'd been such a good sport about
this. I couldn't deny her one good orgasm after all this time. Or could
I? I pondered this and the fact my dick was pounding. I decided to hell with it.I untied her legs and her arms and fell on top of her. Her pussy was so wet
it gobbled my cock up in about 3 seconds and she grabbed me with all her
might. God, it felt so good! She grabbed me so hard I thought my back would be
broken. We were screwing so hard and so fast, I knew I'd come within a few
seconds, but I didn't care! I felt my cum spurt out into her hot cunt..I think
she came right after that, but I was too far gone to tell. We probably woke
the neighbors with our screams, but it was worth it!

Afterwards, she told me it was one of her best "scenes" ever and that she was
going to enjoy teaching me how to play with her. After all, even though I was
the "master" and she was my "slave", she was the one who decided how far
things would go. We made love two more times that nite, but what I remember
most is her warm, tender embrace while we lay together.

Since then, we've grown closer and closer and I'm thinking of asking her to
move in with me. Whenever we're together now, she almost always is nude (she
obeys my orders without question :-)) and we always have hot sessions both
with and without the rope-tying! She says, some night she's going to turn
the tables on me! I'm not so sure about that, since I prefer being the onein control.  She says she loves being "my playmate" after having to work
hard all day and be responsible for others. It's absolutely fantastic to be
with a woman who adores me, cooks me brownies, and gives me the most
incredible backrubs. She may not be the type of woman that married dear old
dad, but three out of four ain't bad!

-- 
