Archive-name: Changes/wrkgirl1.txt
Archive-author: Kathy Harrison
Archive-title: Working Girl - 1


The New Job

This is a story about John Ricks and how he found happiness in his
new job.......

I was not a happy man. My job was going nowhere. Being a paste-up
artist in the new world of computerized advertising art was getting
me nowhere. I was taking computer layout courses, but I just didn't
seem to be getting the knack of it. My boss is a real bitch! She
constantly berates me. She is very competitive and does not seem
to like men who do not have the same competitive drives as she
does.
She dresses for success, very fashionably, with a little more flash
than most businesswomen, but after all... this is advertising.
I found myself doubting what I could do to correct my situation.
I had interviewed with several other companies and had gotten
nowhere. It was time for my annual review. I dreaded this day!
Marie, my boss, had scheduled our meeting for 5:30pm after almost
everyone had left. I came into her office and she asked me to sit
down. For the next half hour she told me that I had little future
in what I was doing and I had better wake up. With that I couldn't
take it anymore, I broke down and started to cry. At first Marie
was not very sympathetic, but then she sat down next to me and told
me it was alright. She held me to her and said she would help me. 
I couldn't believe it! This woman who was normally so cold you
could get frostbitten just by being near her had a warm side. 
Marie then stood up in front of me and said "John you are obviously
not able to face your problems as a man. I will help you, but you
have to swear to me that you will follow everything I say, or I
will dump you in a minute. You will have no job, nothing and I know
you can not make it out on the street." I was a little taken aback,
but agreed to her demands. She told me to get cleaned up and meet
her back in her office in half an hour. I went to the washroom and
washed my face. I felt a bit strange, not knowing what I had gotten
myself into, but agreed that it had to be better than where I had
been. I went back to Marie's office and she said that she had to
do some shopping, I was to come with her. Later she would start
working with me. 
We left the office about 6:30 and headed to the mall. Marie and I 
entered Macy's and she proceeded to go on a shopping frenzy. I had
to follow her everywhere. We first went into the Lingerie
department. I felt strange standing there, as Marie went through
and selected several items. Many times she had me hold up nighties,
slips, camisoles and other selections, just for her to stand back
and see them more clearly. She occasionally asked me my opinion of
certain items, but her taste was obviously much more refined than
mine and all of her selections were exquisite. She spent some time
talking to the saleswoman, out of earshot. The only thing I heard
was that she would be back on Saturday morning. 
We went to other departments and she went through the same routine.
While we were shopping she was telling me that my personal taste
in clothes was less than acceptable and she would have to do
something about it in the near future. She asked me what size shoes
I wore and my other measurements for a future shopping excursion.
She giggled at my measurements, being only 5'6" and 145lbs. She
kept on making comments about the fact that I was not the right
shape or size for a man. I just hung my head knowing that I
couldn't argue with her. By the time we finished the store was just
about to close. I had about 10 bags and boxes to carry out to the
cab. I had a hard time maneuvering but was able to make my way. 
Marie hailed the cab and took us back to her apartment. I made my
way up the stairs with all of the packages and entered the front
hall of her apartment. It was a beautiful old Victorian home. With
high ceilings and beautiful woodwork. She had me take all of the
packages upstairs and put them on the bed in the guest room. It was
a beautiful room done in peaches and white. A canopied bed took up
much of the room and a large white dressing table with many crystal
perfume bottles in front of the large mirror left a quite feminine
look about the place.
Marie took my hand and had me sit down at the dressing table.
"John, it is obvious to me that you are never going to make it in
this world as a man, but I think with a great deal of my help, you
can make it as a woman!" I was dumbfounded, I felt like running at
first, But I knew that Marie would kick me out in an instant. Where
would I go, what would I do. Here I was, a 23 year old little wimp.
Maybe she was right, maybe I would try this, how bad could it be?
Marie said " John if you follow everything I say, I guarantee you
will become successful beyond your possible imagination, I will
help you every step of the way. In two months you will re-enter the
business world as a successful young female Account Executive with
one of our new upcoming agencies, and will probably be making 6
figures within the year. It's up to you, I will train you,
transform you and help you become successful. You must be available
to please me and my friends during this transformation period and
you must pay me back at a rate of $10,000 per year for five years.
I didn't know what to do, my head was spinning. After what seemed
to be an eternity, I acquiesced and agreed. With that Marie smiled
and held my face in her hand and said "I am going to make you into
a beautiful woman and you will love me for it. We are going to have
a lot to do in the next few days so we must get started. First your
name. I had a cousin about your age who fell into the wrong crowd
a few years ago and died of a drug overdose in Columbia. Her family
is out of the country and I know it will not be difficult for me
to get hold of her papers. Her name was Victoria Alicia Escovar
and her father was my fathers brother. She died at 18 and would be
24 today. You are now Vicky!" My blood was pumping a mile a minute,
sometimes I had fantasies of what it would be like to be a woman,
but never like this. Marie had me strip down and stand in front of
a tri-fold mirror that she had in her dressing room. She walked
around me examining me from head to toe. She made comments about
my lack of body hair and my slender torso, saying that we would
have to get me into the "proper" shape to carry this off. 
She examined my crotch and noticed my rather small cock and balls
and smiled, knowing that she felt I didn't have much use for them.
I felt exceptionally naked standing in front of her, being looked
over like this, and was very self conscious of my rather
androgenous appearance. "Vicky dear, you are going to do well."
Marie said as she led me into the bathroom. I think that was the
first complement she ever gave to me. She drew a hot bath in the
oversized tub and filled the tub with fragrant oils and soaps. She
helped me into the bubble filled tub and left the room. It felt
wonderful. My tiny apartment only had a stall shower. I haven't
taken a bath for years, I've never taken a bubble bath. After about
a half an hour, Marie came back in and helped me out of the tub.
She had me go over and stand in the shower stall while she
proceeded to spread a creamy liquid over most of my body. I had to
stand there for almost 25 minutes before I was able to wash off the
mess. I turned off the shower and found that what little body hair
I still had was gone except for the rather long hair on my head and
my hair around my pubes. Marie now wearing her robe had me sit down
in her recliner while she shaved my pubic area into a soft furry
little mound. She also took out a small flesh colored g-string  
like garment made of spandex and had me put it on. It pulled my
cock and balls up and under me, making my crotch quite smooth.
She then brought in a garment that she called my "Night Cincher"
It was a highly elasticized waist cincher. The garment was
extreamly tight and pushed whatever excess flesh I had either down
to my hips or up to my chest. I could barely breath at first. But
after a while I got used to it. My waist, normally about 29" had
been brought down to 24". While the flesh pushed down around my
hips bulged to 34". The cincher had half cups built into it and
Marie pushed and pulled the flesh on my chest until I had pretty
little 34 A breasts jutting out above the corset. "Vicky, we are
going to have to help your body along in order to have you truly 
become the woman you are destined to be. You will have to suffer
a little bit, all in the name of beauty." She gave me some pills
to take and told me they would help me grow accustomed to my new
body. Just as long as it would relieve the tension of this corset,
I would do anything! Marie led me back into the guest room and
said, "Vicky this will be your new room. I have thrown out your old
male clothes, You will not be needing them anymore. I am also going
to call your landlord in the morning and give up your apartment. 
Any items worth saving will be put into storage, I will give away
your clothes to goodwill. The shopping trip that we went on tonight
was for you! This is just the start, you no longer have your job
at the agency. I told everyone that I was firing you. If you follow
the proper training that I have lined up for you, you will have a
job as an Account Executive for our new startup agency specializing
in Fashion Merchandising in two months. You will live here as
Vicky, my cousin, until you are able to go out and have your own
apartment. Tomorrow we will start your training so you need a good
night sleep. I will help you get ready for bed." Marie had laid out
the beautiful silk floral camisole and tap pants that we had bought
earlier, for me to wear as well as a matching short silk kimono.
They fit wonderfully. I felt my nipples harden against the silken
top as I filled out the cami quite nicely. The tap pants were cut
high on my leg, my legs looked very sexy while my crotch looked
most feminine and inviting since all of my maleness was neatly
tucked away. I put on the kimono and sat down at the dressing
table. Marie proceeded to pluck my eyebrows creating a soft
feminine arch. She then brushed my hair which had grown quite long
over the last few months. It was long enough that she could pin it
back in barrettes in the front and tie it back in the back into a
ponytail that came almost down to my shoulders. "Vicky, we are
going to have to do something about your hair...
It's a mousey brown and has little style. I am going to have to
make an appointment for you at the salon, tomorrow, if we are to
get anything accomplished." I panicked.. I was not ready to go out
in public this soon. How could I do this. Marie gave me a
reassuring hug and said. "Honey, don't be worried I will be with
you." Under any other circumstances this would not be all that
reassuring, but somehow I felt comforted by Marie's warmth and
loving tones.  She had me put some moisturizer on my face, hands,
arms and legs, and dusted my shoulders and breasts with perfumed
dusting powder. With that she helped me into bed and kissed me
goodnight. My mind was racing, but it was late and I was so
exhausted that I quickly fell off to sleep. 
I awoke the next morning a little disoriented and a little
nauseous. It was almost 8:30am and my first instinct was that I
was late to work. I don't think that I should go to work looking
like this! Marie had left a note on the night stand to take the
pills that she had left for me they would make me feel better, wash
my face, she would be back by 9:00.  
I did what I was told and actually did begin to feel better. All
except my nipples, which were quite sore and swollen, although they
did look quite sexy pushing into the silken camisole. I was
beginning to like the feelings that I was having. I was awakened
out of my daydream to find Marie rushing in, "Come on Vicky, honey,
we have a big day ahead. You have an appointment for a full
makeover at my salon at 10:00. I have to get you dressed and over
there right away." The panic that hid me at first was overcome by
the rush to get going. Marie helped me out of my clothes and
released the cincher, I never realized how much relief I could feel
all at once. She put a shower cap on my head and I hurried into the
shower and washed off. I got out and Marie wrapped the towel around
my chest and sat me down at the dressing table. "Vicky, we do not
have time for a lesson now, I'm just going to touch you up with a
little makeup." She put on some mascara and liner, a coppery shadow
and pink-red blush. She spent a little time on my lips, first with
lip liner then with a brush filling in my lips giving them a sexy,
pouty look. She then put a coating of gloss over them. She then
helped me to get dressed. First I put on the g-string, pulling my
male organs back and up inside of me. Then I put on a quite
formidable corset that pulled in my waist to almost 23". I was
having a hard time breathing as Marie tied the final lace of the
garment. She let me catch my breath for a second before continuing.
Into the cups of the garment she placed silicone filled breast
forms that gave me a full 34C-cup form. The strapless bra on the
corset had demi cups and the nipples in the breast forms jutted out
over the bra cups. With every move I felt my new formed titties
jiggle. She handed me a pair of black lace pantyhose that were
beautiful. I pulled them up my soft shaven legs and noticed how
they clung to my feminine form. Next I put on a gorgeous red silk
teddy. It fit to my every curve and covered the corset fully,
making me look like one sexy girl. I adjusted the bodice and
noticed how the nipples of the forms were straining against the
garment and moved with my every breath. I snapped the crotch strap
of the teddy in place and stood to look in the mirror. Staring back
at me was a beautiful, sexy young girl. "Vicky, we don't have time
for that right now, we must get going." I snapped out of it and
finished getting dressed. I put on the pair of Chic jeans that we
had bought last night, the fit me like a glove. They had little
bows at the ankle and no pockets. On top I put on the red angora
sweater we had bought and a pretty gold belt. Catching a glimpse
in the mirror, I looked like a young co-ed on her way to a date. 
Marie had me step into some mid-heal black pumps that were about
2" high. "Vicky, get used to these now, you will have to wear the
higher ones later." I looked down and saw my lace encased feet in
the pretty black pumps. Marie handed me a purse and we headed for
the street. Outside we walked the three blocks to the salon.
I was in such a rush, I hadn't realized that I was outside dressed
like this. We passed people on the street and all we go were some
admiring glances, especially from some men unloading a truck who
loved the fact that my titties were bouncing from the swiftness of
our pace. I had only a little difficulty negotiating the sidewalk
except for an errant grate and found the bounce in my walk
exhilarating. A few minutes later we were at the salon. It was
called Feminine Expressions and catered to the more fashionable 
and trend conscious business woman. Marie was good friends with the
owner Karla and as we entered they kissed each other on the cheek.
Karla turned to me and said,"This must be Victoria. How pretty you
are. A good foundation for us to work on to make you beautiful."
Marie turned to me and said "Vicky, Karla knows about our little
secret as well as one of her assistants. They are the only ones who
know." A sinking feeling came over me again, how could she tell
them, I guess it was too late for me to be upset now. Marie turned
to me and said, "Don't worry, both Karla and her assistant Lori are
very supportive of what we are trying to do, they will take good
care of you. I have to go to the office for a few hours, I will be
back before you are done. Karla knows what I want, just be a good
girl for her." With that Marie left. I was very upset. How could
she leave me here, like this, with these strangers. Karla put her
arm around me and said, "Victoria, dear, I think its a wonderful
thing that Marie is doing to try to give you another start, lets
make her proud by having you become the beautiful young lady that
you are meant to be." She kissed me on the cheek and I felt much
better. Karla was an attractive woman in her 30's. She was dressed
in a straight blue skirt and white silk blouse that was in a wrap
style. She wore high blue pumps and had on lace stockings much like
the black lace pantyhose that I had on. She was blonde with a very
stylish cut, shorter but not too short, overall quite attractive.
She brought me into a private area of the salon to meet Lori, her
assistant. We passed through the main area of the salon and saw
many women in various stages being assisted by as many as 10 of
Karla's operators. We got to the back and were greeted by Lori.
She was stunning. She had long chestnut colored hair that cascaded
in curls down her back. She wore a short red sweater dress that was
cut to be worn off the shoulders and clung to her every curve. At
her waist was a wide black patient belt and her long sexy legs were
covered with sheer black stockings. She had black patient pumps on
that must of had 5" heals. Her makeup was perfect and she wore
several necklaces and bracelets as well as a gold ankle bracelet
with a little gold heart. She had on large hoop earrings in one
piercing in each ear and diamond studs in the other. I couldn't
help but to stare. "Victoria, this is Lori. You won't believe this
but Lori was once my nephew!" My mouth must of hit the floor. This
is the type of girl you usually find on the cover of Cosmo, this
certainly was no man. "Lori was 15 when she came to live with me.
That was four years ago. I changed her from a boy who could do no
right, to a girl who can do no wrong. She is a sophomore at the
University and is home for break. I'm sure you will have alot to
talk about. I will leave you two to get acquainted and for Lori to
help you get undressed for your session." Karla left and Lori
closed the door. "Vicky, I know how uncomfortable you must feel,
but I can assure you that everything is going to be wonderful." 
This was not a boys voice I was hearing. This was a sensual young
woman. I just stared at Lori and did not know what to do. I asked
her, "Why did this happen to you?" While she got me undressed, she
told me of how she was always getting in trouble in school and how
her mother had caught her dressing up in her sisters clothes on
day, her Aunt Karla spoke to her mother and felt that she could
straighten out the problems he was having with school and see
whether or not the crossdressing showed deeper inclinations. Since
Lori's father had left them when she was young, s/he had no role
model to follow. S/he became rebellious as well as less masculine
than his/her playmates. Karla took her in and helped transform her
into what she is today. She is an honors student studying
psychology
and is a cheerleader. She loves who she is and what she is. She has
been on hormones for two years and had breast implants done about
a month ago. She is seeing a doctor to complete her transformation
into womanhood after she graduates. I couldn't believe what I was
hearing, this perfectly adjusted young lady was once a boy. She
talked all while I was being prepped for my session. She stripped
me down to my g-string and put a short robe on me. She waxed my
legs and bikini line and started electrolysis on my face and
eyebrows. The needle stung as she touched each follicle. She pulled
the wax from my legs and I let out a yelp. I'm sure I was heard
through the salon. Lori said, "Vicky, we have to work on that voice
of yours if you are going to pass." She started giving me hints on
how to speak. She found if I talked with a slight spanish accent
I sounded the most feminine. Being Victoria Alicia Escovar, that
was perfect. She pierced my earlobes and placed gold studs in the
piercing. I was beginning to feel much more relaxed until she took
out a syringe and stuck it in my behind. That is a booster for the
hormone pills that Marie is giving you. I didn't know anything
about hormones. "That's why you felt a little queasy this morning,
it was morning sickness. The prescription that I take has been
duplicated for you. If you keep up with your dosages, you will feel
fine." This was going much too fast for me. Lori gave me a pair of
lace panties to wear, a long terry robe and a pair of healed
slippers and took me over to the sink. She washed my hair, then
gave me a facial, which felt wonderful. She left the pack on my
face and tied my hair up into a towel. I was led into the main
portion of the salon and sat down in a chair where I saw an
operators name plate Sandy. I was petrified. I felt that before
this no one else would know about me. Lori came over and introduced
me to Sandy, I said hello with the slight spanish accent that Lori
had rehearsed with me. Lori leaned over and said that Sandy was
going to do my coloring and my cut and style. She knows nothing
about me and will never have to know if I act properly. Sandy had
me sit in the chair next to her station that had a sink and put a
vinyl coverup on me.  She turned the chair and tilted it back
taking the towel from my head, she started the coloring, by the
time she was done I went from a mousey brown to a stunning reddish
brunette.
She dried me off and let the color set. Lori washed the pack off
my face and put on some moisturizer cream. Finally I was led back
into Sandy's chair and she started my cut. She finished the cut
and turned me around in the chair to set my hair. While sandy set
my hair in what seems like 100 curlers, Lori sat in front of me
and gave me a pedicure. Lori had finished removing any callouses
from my feet and gave my feet and nails a hot oil treatment. When
Sandy had me move under a dryer while Lori finished. When she was
done, my toes were pretty as a picture. I returned to Sandy's chair
and she finished my styling. I opened my eyes to see a fantastic
transformation, even without makeup, a beautiful girl was staring
back at me. " Vicky, we still have alot to do, don't be gawking at
yourself." as Lori led me over to the manicurists station. The
manicurists' name was Tiffany. She was a bit airy but cute. I found
myself falling into my new role. We talked as she gave me the full
treatment, oil, tips, wraps and several coats of "Love that Red!"
On each nail she put a fine gold line under the final clear coats.
I liked talking to her, she liked my accent, I told her that I was
from Miami. We talked about fashions and men! I had to make up some
experiences, but I thoroughly enjoyed myself. I found myself turned
on talking this way. I never thought about boy's as a boy, As a
girl, it didn't seem unnatural. Tiffany finished and Lori came over
and brought me to a makeup station. The cosmetologist name was
Gina, she was a knockout. She was Hispanic, only about 5'3" tall
and dressed to thrill. She wore a red leather mini with red pumps
and dark stockings. She wore a black leather bustier and a red
bolero jacket with gold brocade trim. Her make up was perfect and
her jet black hair cascaded in curls over one shoulder. She asked
me about my preferences in color, as soon as I started to talk in
my spanish accent, Gina said," Girl I know what you want. Leave it
all to me." Gina talked and I listened, i picked up nuances in her
voice that I needed. She was a great talker, so I didn't have to
say much. She started with a foundation and then a powder. She made
a comment that I needed to have some skin work done, because of
enlarged pores, I grimaced a little hoping that she didn't discover
me. She said that the foundation would help smooth out any problems
for now, but if I wanted to wear anything lighter or shearer in the
future, I would have to come in for the treatments. She colored and
contoured my brows and started working on my eyes. In golds and
mauve she applied shadows to my lids. Coats and coats of mascara,
lengthening and filling out the top and bottom lashes. Eyeliner
defined the contours of my eyes, giving them a cat-like appearance.
A mauve-pink blush was applied to my cheekbones, raising them in
a more feminine form. She did my lips by drawing them way beyond
their normal outline in a deep magenta lipliner. She then painted
them in several deep red coats. Finally, she topped them off with
several coats of gloss. A few touches here and there and she handed
me a mirror. I was spectacular, sexy, gorgeous, sensuous, words
could not describe how beautiful I felt. I was a beautiful
brunette, with red highlights, cut in a very feminine cut framing
my face coming down just above my shoulders in the back. My makeup
was perfect. I had a slight Latin look, with deep sensuous eyes
and dark pouty red lips. I felt wonderful. Lori took me back into
the private room to help me get dressed. Marie would be back any
minute and she wanted me to be ready. Marie had brought some
clothes for me to wear when I was done. I had no idea what they
were, Lori took them out of the shopping bag and started dressing
me. First I was hooked into a black lace corselette. Lori pulled
the laces down tight till my waist was 23" again. This was one part
I didn't like. Next I put on seemed black lace stockings. I had a
difficult time with them now that I had my new manicure. Lori
helped me. I fastened the garters to the stockings and straightened
the seams. Lori then gave me the prettiest bikini panties I had
ever seen. They were all satin and lace and were seemed in the back
to just barely cover my derriere while showing my every curve.
Lori handed me a short black silk full slip.It felt dreamy as it
fell down around my body. The hem of the slip came barely to my
stocking tops. The bodice was trimmed in lace and was given a most
feminine form when filled out by the gel filled breasts.
I was then given a red satin blouse with black pin striping. The
blouse was quite tailored and had black pearl buttons and a stand
up collar. I put the blouse on and started buttoning the buttons
up and Lori stopped me and had me leave the top four buttons open,
showing my cleavage and a small bit of the lace from my slip.
Next she took out a black leather straight slim skirt and had me
step into it. It was fully lined and beautifully tailored in dark
supple leather. It was short but not a mini, coming a few inches
above the knee. I zipped up the zipper and felt the leather wrap
around me. It was great, I felt sexy and beautiful. The skirt was
tight and slit in the back. Lori gave me a wide black belt with a
large bow-buckle. I fastened it tight around my slender waist.
Finally she gave me the sexiest, highest black patent pumps I had
ever seen. They were shiny and cut with a sharp angle to the arch.
They had bows on the back of each heal. I gingerly stepped into
them and had a hard time at first. After a few minutes I got used
to them. Lori then handed me three rings and three bracelets to put
on, including Marie's diamond tennis bracelet. I was shocked that
she would let me wear it. She then took out my gold studs and
replaced them with large gold hoops, telling me to be careful with
them because of my new piercing. Finally she gave me a beautiful
gold necklace with a large ruby drop pendant. It was spectacular.
I looked down to see the pendant hanging into my cleavage. The lace
of the slip outlining the pushed up flesh on my chest, the satin
blouse straining against the size of my breasts. I looked down
further to see my sexy legs surrounded by lace coming down out of
the tight leather skirt. I was walking about the room with the
clicking of my 5" heals on the tile floor. I saw myself in the
mirror and knew that I would make any man weak in the knees. I felt
better than I ever had before.  I went out front to wait for Marie,
Sandy, Tiffany and Gina all came up to me and said how great I
looked. I had never gotten so many complements in my whole life.
Karla came up to me and gave me an air kiss, wanting not to smear
my make up. "Victoria, you are stunning. You will make Marie so
happy." Just as she said that, Marie came in the door. She was
smiling from ear to ear. "Vicky, you look better than I could have
imagined. Perfect, just perfect." Marie walked around her and took
her all in. I said in my most feminine tones, "Marie, i'm glad chu
like it. I love feeling pretty." Marie hugged me whispering in my
ear that she loved my accent. Marie brought her black leather and
fox fur jacket for me to wear. It had gotten cooler and she didn't
want me to catch a chill. I said goodbye to everyone, especially
Lori. I told her that I would see her before she went back to
school. With that Marie turned to me and said,"Vicky, I told the
guy's that we would meet them in the bar at the Hilton at 7:00. We
don't want to keep our dates waiting."    I froze. What next?

(To be continued)

--
Archive-name: Changes/wrkgirl2.txt
Archive-author: Kathy Harrison
Archive-title: Working Girl - 2


In the prior episode, a miserable graphic artist, John, was told
by his boss, Marie, that he was not performing at a level
sufficient to retain his job. John, having no luck in trying to
find another job, broke down sobbing in front of Marie at his
review. Seeing that John had no success in his masculine role,
Marie saw as a challenge, to take John in and retrain him to become
a successful advertising Account Executive, a FEMALE Account
Executive. And so continues the story of the new "WORKING GIRL".
****************************************************************
I couldn't believe what I was hearing. Marie actually said we were
meeting the "GUYS" at the bar. Here I was, dressed in a tight black
leather skirt, a satin acetate, quite fitted, red  blouse with
vertical, fine black pinstripes. It was open to give a glimpse of
the top of my black lace slip and my flesh was squeezed together
by the tight corset I was wearing to form ample cleavage. A wide
black patent belt surrounded my nipped in 23" waist. I had black
lace stockings and the sexiest black patent 5" heals that caused
me to take short feminine steps. Marie had handed me a 3/4 length
black, embossed leather jacket to wear, with red fox trim. It had
gotten quite cool outside in the autumn air and she didn't want for
me to catch cold. 
Getting back to the subject at hand, going through all of this
feminization was something I could handle, meeting guys was
something entirely different. I wasn't gay! And I wasn't going to
go out with any guy. Marie got us into the cab and told the cab
driver to take us to the Doral Hotel. She then turned to me and
noting my firm resistance to go out said, "Vicki, listen and listen
good... You have no choice in this matter. We are going to meet the
President and CFO of my newest customers, Devon Fashions. They are
one of the largest catalog and retail clothing distributors in the
northeast. I have been dating Don Mortonson the President for a few
weeks, when I first landed the account I met the CFO Roger Colter
and we went out once. He is bi and was not my type., But he is
definitely YOUR TYPE! And if you want not to be left on the street
and try to make it on your own you better cooperate...GOT IT!"
I got the message loud and clear. I was petrified. How could I pull
this off. Marie stopped scolding me and took my hand and said,
"Vicki, dear, everything will be fine if you just relax, she gave
me a valium and I began to calm down. We arrived at the Doral and
the Doorman helped me from the cab. I had left my purse on the seat
and reached around to grab it. Marie commented to me later that the
doorman was really an "Assman" because his eyes practically bugged
out looking at my derriere encased in the tight leather skirt.
Marie looked quite the fashion plate herself dressed in her new
grey checked suit that I new was a Fioria original. It was quite
tailored and she wore a black silk camisole, sheer stockings and
charcoal suede spiked pumps to complete the outfit. She had her new
fox coat on and looked wonderful. We went into the lounge in the
hotel and checked our coats. The bar was quite long and everything
was done in fine woods and reeked of opulence. I never had been in
the classier places in town and could get used to this quite
easily. I saw Marie wave to two men at the far end of the bar. She
took my hand and led me through the crowd to meet them.
Don was a very professional looking man. Rugged features, and a
6'2" athletic frame, dressed in a classic blue pinstripe suit.
Greying temples gave him the look of the consummate corporate
executive in his forties. Roger, on the other hand, was more of the
Yuppie type. Tall and thin, he was wearing a light grey, double
breasted Armani suit. He had sandy blonde hair and was wearing gold
wire frame glasses. He was in his thirties and was very handsome.
Marie introduced me to Don first, "Donald this is my cousin
Victoria Escovar." Don took my hand and said, "Victoria its a
pleasure to meet you." I noticed how different men shake women's
hands than mens hands. He was soft and gentile with me, I like
that. Marie then introduced me to Roger as Vicki. Roger took my
hand and kissed it. I must of turned 16 shades of red. "Vicki, you
are a most attractive woman, I am most pleased to make your
acquaintance." I was totally flustered by this situation. Here was
this most attractive man, who most women would die for, making goo-
goo eyes at me...a man dressed as a woman. I felt a little light
headed. Before even saying anything, I staggered and Roger caught
me in his firm strong grasp. He and Marie helped me up on a bar
stool and got me a drink of water. Feeling better I said, "Thank
you very much, I don't usually faint upon meeting such handsome
men." I was trying to be complementary and apparently it was
working.
Roger put his arm around my shoulders and said, "I'm the one who
should be captivated by your beauty." Feeling better, Marie
suggested that we go to the powder room to freshen up for dinner.
She asked Donald to order an Absolut martini for her and a
Chardonnay for me, as she hurried me off to the ladies room.
Once there, Marie took out a tissue and wiped the perspiration from
my brow. I was shaking and didn't know what to do. "Vicki, you must
relax. Roger and Don like you very much, Roger in particular. I
told him about you before we got together tonight, although Don
doesn't know of course. Roger is totally captivated by you. Right
before we came in here, he whispered in my ear that you were
perfect. Just relax and enjoy yourself." I took a deep breath and
started to calm down. Marie opened my purse and took out some of
my makeup and gave me a touch up. A little more mascara, some
powder and plenty of lip gloss. I grabbed my purse and we headed
back into the lounge. I felt much better as Marie led me to a table
in the lounge where Don and Roger were waiting for us. Roger got
up and helped me with my chair and I smoothed my skirt which hiked
up exposing my lace encased thighs as I sat down. I crossed my legs
as femininely as I could and sat back in the lounge chair. Roger
couldn't seem to keep his eyes off of me. Marie started the
conversation by telling Don and Roger that I had just left a small
agency handling local retailers in Miami. After I had gotten myself
settled here in New York, she wanted me to interview at their new
creative group to handle fashion direct marketing as a Junior A.E..
I may even be able to work on some programs for Devon. Especially
in their Hispanic niche marketing group.  I knew enough from my
three years at the graphics studio, and thank god I was relatively
fluent in Spanish, given Don's attempt at Spanish conversation (bad
High School Spanish) to be able to hold my own in the conversation.
After about five minutes of shop talk. Marie took the conversation
on to other subjects. Thank god she did, because I was running out
of things to say. We talked for about a half an hour, Don left the
table for about 10 minutes and when he returned he had made 9:00
reservations at The Four Seasons for us. I got a little nervous,
because I thought the night was going to end with drinks. We went
outside and Don had a stretch limo waiting at the hotel, to take
us to the restaurant. We had reservations in one of the dining
rooms. I lost track of the name of the room, but was captivated by
the grandiose surroundings of the famous restaurant. The maitre d'
seated us and was quite gallant. I loved all of the attention we
were getting. I began to think that there are many advantages to
being a woman, particularly attractive ones. At dinner I tried many
things that I never tried before; caviar, escargot, quail and
truffles. I only tried small morsels of each, not thinking my
corset would allow me any more.
The conversation was stimulating, Don talked of his trip to China,
I was fascinated. Roger talked about skiing and playing tennis and
the trip he was planning to St. Moritz in December for Christmas.
I listened and added, where appropriate, what I could, but mostly
I was enthralled by these successful people living life to the
fullest. I had never even dreamed of some of these experiences. 
I tried sking once and was not very good and I wasn't a very good
tennis player. As coffee was served, Marie and I excused ourselves
to go to the Ladies room and we left.
Marie turned to me as I turned the corner into the powder room,
"Your doing wonderfully, what do you think of Roger?" "He's quite
a fascinating man. I like listening to both of them." Marie
said,"That's not what I mean. What I said was ...What do you think
of HIM? Do you like him, don't you think he is a great looking
guy?" I knew what she was getting at and I couldn't think straight
about it. They were both very attractive men. They lived lives that
I could never dream of. As a "woman" I could not help but be
attracted to them, especially to Roger who was being so nice to me.
I couldn't help thinking that I was living a masquerade and that
as a man, I could not really be attracted to him. I replied to
Marie, "I don't know, I'm very confused, I guess so." Marie said,
"Thats great, because I know he likes you. He hasn't taken his eyes
off you all night. I want you to relax and enjoy him. In your new
roll you owe it to yourself to take advantage of any opportunity.
Roger and Don can help you be successful in your new position. 
Roger likes you and finds you attractive. The more time you spend
with him and the better you make him feel, the more opportunities
you will have. Also as my account, the more you will be part of my
ability to lock Devon in as a long term client. I'm sure that you
will be very satisfied if you relax and have a good time." I looked
at Marie and skeptically said "OK". Last second touches to my
makeup and adjusted my skirt and we went back into the restaurant.
Don and Roger had ordered us after dinner drinks. Don knew Marie
liked B&B and Roger was drinking cognac and had ordered the same
for me. I had not tried it before and although it was strong, I
liked it. I sipped the drink that was served in a brandy snifter
slowly at first. Don suggested that the night was still young and
that he and Roger offered to take us up to the Rainbow room at the
top of Rockefeller Center for some Midnight dancing. I looked to
Marie who was smiling from ear to ear and realized that we were
going so I didn't resist. I just looked down and finished the
brandy in one swig...all of it! We accepted their invitation and
they escorted us to the car. The combination of the drinks that I
had and the valium that I took earlier had gotten me most relaxed. 
We talked and laughed and I found myself sitting quite close to
Roger in the back seat of the limo. He had his arm around my
shoulder and was holding me close to him. I felt so relaxed that
I gave in and snuggled down with my head on his shoulder. Marie
smiled at me and winked. I looked back and then closed my eyes. I
didn't really know what was happening to me...but I liked it.
We got to the Rockefeller Center and Don had the limo wait for us.
In the cool fall air, Don put his arm around Marie and Roger around
me and we walked over to the edge of the ice rink. They were just
closing up and the final sparkle of the lights shown down on the
ice. It was beautiful. As the lights started to go off, Don and
Roger escorted us into the building and up to the famous Rainbow
Room. The place was a dream, all done in art deco. This was my
favorite style, I had studied much about the period when I went to
art school. We were escorted to a table and sat down. Don ordered
us another round of drinks. I felt that I couldn't possibly have
another and begged off. Roger ordered another cognac and said we
would share, I agreed and he pulled me closer to him on the seat
of the booth. The band started up and Don grabbed Marie and took
her out onto the dance floor. It was a fast song, being scared to
dance (particularly in these heals) I begged off and stayed at the
table. Roger waited until Marie and Don left and started talking
to me, "Vicki, you are a beautiful "WOMAN" and I know, that you
know, that I know your little secret. I have to be very careful in
my position not to allow my sexual preferences to come into my
business life. You are the type of "girl" that can let me have my
proverbial cake and eat it too. I like you and want to keep seeing
you if you let me and I'm sure that I can do alot for both your and
Marie's career. Besides, based on what Marie has told me, I'm sure
that you would enjoy this type of life alot better than the one you
had been living." I looked up at Roger and saw in his deep blue
eyes someone that before this night I could of never imagined
having a relationship with. But I had gone through alot of changes
in the last couple of days and this was a life that I could grow
comfortable with. I looked into Rogers eyes and gave in to him. He
tilted his head and kissed me. At first I didn't respond
at all. I was petrified...how could this be happening to me. but
here I was, dressed as I was, enjoying myself in places and doing
things that I had never dreamed of before. Here was an obviously
successful person, who could have anyone, and he wanted me. The
fact that he was a man complicated matters, but considering my
outward appearance, it was obvious that I was the farthest thing
to being male that you could imagine. As his kiss grew more
passionate, I began to respond. I raised my hands and at first put
them on his shoulders, he held me closer to him. I was caught up
in the moment and responded to him. I put my hands behind his head
and held him nearer to me. I had succumbed to his advances and
there was little turning back now. I felt totally vulnerable as I
never had before. I even felt a sense of warmth that I had not felt
in years. We kissed once or twice more and sat at the table holding
hands. The band started playing "Someone to Watch Over Me", and
Roger took me out onto the dance floor. It was a very slow song and
we danced, holding each other closely. At first Roger held my right
hand in his and put his left around my waist. My hand felt so small
and petite in comparison to his. After a while I put both my hands
around his neck and rested my head on his shoulder. Many times his
hands drifted down to my leather clad bottom and then surrounding
me hugging me close to him. We stayed out on the dance floor for
almost an hour. Every once in a while I caught glimpses of Marie
and Don dancing and Marie smiling at me. It was almost 1:30 by the
time we returned to the table. Marie and Don were nowhere to be
found and there was a small note waiting at my seat. 
 " Vicki, I saw what a great time you and Roger were having out on
the dance floor. I knew you would be the perfect couple. Since I
was so confident you two were going to hit it off, I took a few
liberties and had a weekend planned for you and Roger that I was
going to go ahead with based on how you two got along. It's obvious
that you are most compatible, so why wait? I had the limo driver
stop at the apartment and pick up the bags I packed for you. They
are in the trunk of the limo. I have even bought some new things
for you that are something special. Don and I have taken a cab back
to his place on Park Ave. The limo will take you to Roger's. Have
fun, see you Monday. Love, Marie"  
I looked up at Roger and said "You knew about this all along,
didn't you." He looked at me and said, "Vicki, dear, I only wanted
to go along with it if I felt you wanted to. I think you do. I want
you to. It can be a most enjoyable weekend for the both of us. I'm
sure Marie would be most pleased. Will you spend the weekend with
me." I thought about it for a moment and what else could I say. As
a quick retort I replied, "I hope you don't believe that I go home
with every man I meet on the first date." We both laughed and
headed for the elevator. Once in the limo I sat close to Roger, he
lived in Westchester, so it was a long drive. I was still most
apprehensive. The fact that Roger just cuddled with me and didn't
try to maul me in the back seat of the car made me feel alot more
comfortable. We talked all the way back to his house. He told me
how his wife left him for a business associate of her's last year.
She just took off and he retained custody of their three daughters,
Sandy, who was 14 and the twins Lisa and Lori who were 4. He and
his wife, Ellen, had been married when they were still seniors at
Dartmouth. And were both also quite ambitious and the stress of two
most competitive lifestyles was too much for their marriage. "Ellen
also was into playing the field. Having the kids was not her idea
of fun. They had a governess almost since they were born. In the
first few years with just Sandy it was OK, but after the twins were
born, Ellen stopped being a responsible parent. I ended up doing
alot of the parenting and later found Ellen to be having
extramarital affairs. She ended up taking off with one of her
clients and is now somewhere in Italy doing whatever she wants." 
I felt sad for Roger, he obviously loved his children and wanted
to have a happy marriage. He didn't seem to object to Ellen's
ambition, in fact he seemed to encourage it. She just took
advantage of him. His lawyer was obviously very good, because he
retained custody of the children, not that Ellen seemed to want
them, and most of the joint assets. I told him of my life, not that
there was much to tell. That I was brought up by my mother, Louisa,
who was a Cuban emigre, that came to America after Castro came into
power. She married my father, George Ricks, who left my mother when
I was only 3. I was her only child. I guess she did the best she
could, but it was hard. I remember that there was always alot of
men visiting my mother, I never thought until later that they were
possibly paying for her services. When I found out, I left home.
At first I hated her and all of them. Over time my attitude
softened. I went to a local art school and found I had an affinity
for art. I was no real "artist", but I developed a good sense of
space and design. I ended up at a junior college down near Ft.
Lauderdale. Between trying to keep a job and live, there wasn't
much time for college. I took four years to get a two year degree
in Business and a minor in art. That was last year. For the past
year I have been working at the agency for Marie. In fact Marie
didn't hire me, her predecessor did and Marie was not all to happy
to inherit me. She is very much into the use of computers for
layout and design, I don't have that experience, nor do I have much
of an inclination for it. She must see something in me though, or
why would she be going to all of this trouble. 
Roger ended up telling me why Marie had such an interest in me.
"Marie and I went out on two or three dates, She is quite a woman
and tends to be on the "Domineering" side as you probably well
know. She found me to be not her type that she could develop a more
intimate relationship and also found out I was Bi. She liked me and
wanted to do something for me, besides the fact I was her largest
account (although, knowing Marie, that was her primary motivation).
And said that she knew someone who she thought would satisfy "all"
of my needs, apparently you were her challenge to do so. I know she
felt she would be able to always retain my vote to keep her on as
the primary agency for our account if she was able to deliver. I
found that tonight I feel totally differently. You are not just a
fantasy, you are real and betytr than I could have imagined. I
could never have a relationship, outwardly, with a man. But I am
not totally sexually satisfied with a woman. You can fulfill my
desires completely. I looked at him and knew that eventually that
would come true, but said, "Roger please be slow with me. I have
had so many things happen to me in the last two days, my head is
spinning. I need time." Roger held me closer and stroked my hair
and said, "There there, I will take care of you. You don't have to
do anything you don't want to. Just keep an open mind." I felt much
better and started to relax. A few minutes later we were at his
home. It was a beautiful large colonial somewhere in Scarsdale, I
didn't really know where we were. He helped me out of the car and
the driver went around and got my bags from the trunk. I didn't
know how long Marie thought I was staying but she packed a large
suitcase, a garment bag and a Cosmetics case. The driver brought
them up to the front porch and took off. It was dark, and I
couldn't see much of the house, but it seemed quite large. Inside
I saw how large it really was. A palatial center hall that had a
staircase that went up to a large landing with a huge window and
wound around to the second floor. There was a large living room
with a grand piano and a beautiful formal dining room. Roger said
that I must be tired and brought my bags up stairs. The girls were
staying at his mothers for the weekend. She was dropping them off
early monday morning before school. We entered the master suite and
saw a beautiful four post brass king size bed. French provincial
furniture was everywhere, and this was all the real thing. He
brought my bags into a huge dressing area that had its own private
bath and large walk-in closets that were bare. "Vicki, this was
Ellen's dressing area. If you want to get freshened up, use
anything you want. I need to take care of some things downstairs,
it should only take me 20 minutes or so. Why don't you get ready
for bed and remember, you don't have to do anything you don't want
to. 
I felt nervous and excited as well. He is a most loving person and
I was quite fond of him. In the next 20 minutes I had to decide
whether or not I was going to sleep with him. 
I unpacked my suitcases and again wondered if Marie thought I was
going away for a year. I unpacked the Cosmetic case first. It was
filled to the brim with everything I would need. Although I had not
had alot of practice with putting on makeup. Marie left some notes
in the bag to help me and I watched enough that with a little
practice, I thought I could get the hang of it. Then I unpacked the
suit case. It too was filled to the brim. Stockings, panties, bras,
slips and cami's. Two corsets and a corselette. Three teddies and
several other nities and peignoir sets. A bathing suit, (I don't
know how or where I was going to use that) as well as a black
bikini!
Two denim skirts and several sweaters. About eight pairs of pumps
and other shoes including a pair of tennies. Lots of accessories
and jewelry, a pair of sexy high heal boots with bows all over them
and several other knit dresses, skirts and slacks of various styles
and fabrics, jeans and a couple of mini skirts in white and blue
leather and another skirt in denim. At the bottom of the case there
were two dresses, one a strapless hot pink leather and the other
a soft grey knit mini that was backless. I had no idea how Marie
expected me to wear them. Also a white tennis dress with a pair of
ruffled panties pinned inside. Roger liked to play tennis, I guess
I was in for some lessons. In the garment bag, Marie packed her
mink coat with a note, "This is on loan! Must be returned!" as well
as a denim jacket that was airbrushed and jeweled. There was also
a short bustier dress with a black velvet bodice and hot pink 
organza short skirt with toule flounces and a large pink satin bow
at the hip. Also there was a tailored grey wool suit with a nipped
in waist and a peplum as well as several silk blouses and a jade
green silk jumpsuit. I hung the clothes up and found that my
wardrobe was complete for some time. I guess I was in for the long
run here. Marie packed some notes for me to read, I was going to
go over them in the morning.
I went into the bathroom and cleaned myself up. 
Finally I made the decision I would sleep with Roger that night.
If I was going to do it, I would do it right. I changed out of my
clothes and put on a red waist cincher that Marie had packed for
me. I took out the red teddy that I put in the draw and put it on.
I brushed out my hair and touched up my makeup. Without my inserts,
my breasts were small, but the cincher pushed up whatever loose
flesh I had and the Teddy helped mold them into about a large A-
cup. I went into the bedroom. dimmed the lights, took a deep breath
and got into bed. I waited nervously for Roger to arrive. I had
decided to be his woman for the weekend.
   
(To be continued)
 
--
Archive-name: Changes/wrkgirl3.txt
Archive-author: Kathy Harrison
Archive-title: Working Girl - 3


In our previous episodes, John, a low level employee at an ad
agency had been given a horrible review by his boss, Marie. 
Knowing full well that he had no other opportunities, John broke
down and asked for Marie to give him an other chance. Marie offered
to do more than that, she offered to make him a successful Account
Executive with one of their new start up divisions. One hitch, he
was to become a FEMALE account executive!
John has been transformed into Victoria Escovar, a beautiful
Hispanic young woman, who, as Marie's cousin, is being trained to
fulfill Marie's offer to John. In Vicki's first public encounter
with men, she meets Don and Roger, executives with Marie's largest
account. Don has developed a relationship with Marie, while Marie
has set up Roger with Vicki. Vicki is Rogers type of "GIRL",
knowing of her recent transformation. Vicki ends up going home with
Roger and takes the final plunge into womanhood. The previous
episode ends with Vicki waiting for Roger, dressed in a sexy red
teddy, under the covers of Roger's king sized brass bed.
*****************************************************************
One of the things that I never felt before was that "I" was the
prize, the treasure of a sexual conquest. I had always had to
almost grovel to my partner to receive the pleasure of their sexual
company. For the first time I am the jewel to be cherished. I am
the one that this person wants to embrace. As I waited for Roger,
I became excited and nervous at the same time. My heart was pumping
a million miles a second. The door to the room opened, and Roger
came in carrying two glasses of champagne. He smiled as he saw me
lying on the bed and said, "Darling, I'm glad to see that you want
to be with me." He put the glasses down on the nightstand and bent
down to kiss me, "You look so beautiful, what an incredibly sexy
outfit." I kissed him again. He handed me a glass of champagne and
I took a sip. I slid my legs around and stood up beside him. He
lifted my chin to kiss me again and we locked in a most passionate
embrace. I practically tore his shirt off him and began running my
fingers through his dense chest hair. I sucked and teased his
nipples, they grew hard to the touch of my lips. He pulled down one
of the shoulder straps of my teddy as he began to kiss my shoulders
and neck. I lowered myself to my knees and began to unbuckle his
belt and drop his trousers to the floor. His cock was rock hard,
straining against his shorts. I thought to myself, there is no
stopping now, as I released the massive organ from its confines.
Slowly I licked the long shaft and the underside of his massive
balls. He became week in the knees and sat down on the bed, I
positioned myself so that I could continue to pleasure him. I
slowly took the head of his huge organ into my mouth and gently
sucked. I found that I could apply more pressure and started taking
more and more of him in until the tip of his cock was touching the
back of my throat. I started to gag and pulled back, slowly I
repeated until my throat relaxed. I couldn't get all of him in me,
but he seemed to have no problem with what I could do because, he
started to shake and moan and finally came in a flood that I
quickly tried to swallow what I could. Some streamed out of the
corner of my mouth and I caught the residual in a tissue from the
nightstand. He pulled me up close to him and rested my head on his
chest. I continued to slowly stroke his cock with my feminized
hand. Seeing my hand, small and petite, with deep red nails,
wrapped around his throbbing member, stroking him gently, made me
think again about what I was doing. I kept on thinking that
something was wrong, but there wasn't. He kissed me and whispered
softly in my ear, "Now I want to give pleasure to you." He turned
me over and gave me a pillow, which I tucked under my tummy. My
bottom was raised in the air awaiting his advances. He reached down
and unsnapped my teddy. My male organs, which had been pushed up,
fell in the release of the snaps. He gently kissed my derriere and
finally reached the small puckered hole that was to be my love
canal. "Vicki your "pussy" is so tight, you must relax." Roger
reached into his night stand draw and took out a tube of KY jelly.
He lathered his cock and massaged my "vagina" with the slippery
gel. Coming up behind me, he touched the head of his hard cock to
my virgin opening. Slowly he entered me. At first there was
considerable pain . Roger was slow and careful. As I began to open,
he slowly entered me further and further. After about 5 minutes,
I had opened enough that I could take in almost all of him. There
was less pain and more pleasure. Roger slowly began to pump his
steely rod in and out of my backside. I began to respond to his
pumping. I was being "fucked" by a man and loving it. But it was
not "fucking", but loving, as Roger was making love to me. I was
the object of his sexual desire and I was giving myself totally to
him. Our thrusts became more and more heated. I was screaming with
lust. Asking him to push harder and faster, until finally both he
and I exploded in a massive orgasm. 
I shivered for about 10 minutes and felt that I was coming and
coming over and over again. Finally Roger pulled out of me and
collapsed at my side. I huddled next to him still shivering and
cooing with delight. That was the best sex that I could ever have
imagined! Roger seemed equally pleased. I had made a little mess
and also felt Rogers cum draining from my backside. I got up and
went to the bathroom. I through a towel to Roger and went in to
clean myself up. I washed off and looked at myself in the mirror.
For now on I was a woman, and I was bound and determined to be
Roger's woman. I undid my cincher and went into the dressing area
and put on a cute little pink baby doll and matching bikini and
climbed back into bed with Roger. He loved the fact that I dressed
to please him. We cuddled and fell asleep in each others arms. 
The next morning I woke up resting on his shoulder. I woke him up
by gently sucking him awake until he was rock hard in my mouth. He
pulled down my panties and lifted my legs over his shoulders. Thank
god I was limber, because he entered me facing him, with my legs
over his arms. It didn't take long for him to cum and we both
collapsed in a heap. We continued to play most of the morning. 
About 11:00 am we got up. Roger showered and shaved and went down
stairs to take care of some chores, he wanted to go into town to
buy a birthday present for Sandy, his eldest daughter. I got
cleaned up to go out.
I took a long shower and touched up any errant body hairs. I washed
my hair and realized that I would have to set it after I had
already gotten it wet. That was going to be interesting. Guess you
have to learn sometime. I patted myself dry and dusted myself with
some of the Lancome dusting powder that Marie had packed for me.
I noticed how swollen and sensitive my nipples had become and was
reminded to take my pills. I had a little morning sickness, but not
too bad. Next was the part I didn't like. I put on my white corset
and laced it tight. I had noticed that in the past couple of days,
it had become a little easier to achieve the desired results and
this corset was more elasticized than the others, but it was still
no picnic. One hint I had found, if I crossed my arms, right over
left and reached around and pushed my flesh together, I could form
a quite substantial cleavage that would stay in place
with the tension of the corset. I would put the smaller inserts
into the C-cups of the corset.  The inserts would be totally
covered by the bra cups and the pressed together flesh of my chest
would form around the top of the corset, giving me an even more
feminine appearance.  After I had everything in place, I fastened
a pair of light tan stockings to the garters of the corset. A white
lace pair of Vanity Fair panties completed my lingerie. 
I threw on a short terry robe and started my first attempt at
cosmetics and hairstyling. I had a set of the flexible rollers that
were self heating, I used some setting lotion and proceeded to set
my hair into a cascade of curls in the back and left the front
alone. I started my makeup and did a foundation coat as I had seen
Gina apply at the salon. I was going to be in pinks for the day so
I selected pink tones for my makeup. Blush and highlighting, pink
to violet eyeshadows and plenty of mascara. I took lots of time
with my lips, a dark pink liner, then a brighter ice pink to fill
in my lips, blending carefully to achieve the perfect look that I
desired. My face was done, then for the hair. I took out the
rollers and saw that I had gotten the curls right, but was not sure
what else to do. After experimenting for a while, I took a banana
comb and pulled back my hair, after using a considerable amount of
hairspray on the front I was satisfied at the look. I was very
"cute", which was just what I wanted! Being that we were going to
be shopping and in and out of the car, I chose a more casual outfit
for the day. I put on a pretty pink sweater that was in a chain
knit. It had large white buttons in the back and was cut with a
deep V in the back and scoop neck in the front. The sweater was
longer and I wore it with my white leather skirt and a wide white
belt around the sweater. To finish the outfit I wore a pair of pink
pumps that Marie had bought for me. They were "only" a 3" heal and
were easier to walk around in. I put on a pretty gold necklace with
a heart pendant and a matching gold ankle bracelet with a smaller
pendant. I wore Marie's tennis bracelet that she had lent me and
a gold ladies watch. I almost forgot my earrings when I checked
myself in the mirror. I decided on a pair of gold and pink topaz
drops that finished the look. Here I was a sexy young lady out for
a day of shopping with her man.
I went downstairs to find Roger just finishing up on the phone.
He turned and saw me and was most impressed. "Vicki, you look
sensational. I always wanted to date a sexy little co-ed, you fit
the part." I put my arms around his big strong shoulders and gave
him a kiss. "I love being your girlfriend, I never thought I would
say that, but after last night, that's all I want." Roger kissed
me again and held me close, "Vicki, I want to be with you, I enjoy
your company. I have to be careful and know that we would be
accepted by my family, friends and business associates. You must
understand." I was a little taken back, but I understood. I needed
to make sure that I had no slip-ups and was perfectly accepted as
a total woman, if I was to be Roger's girl.
I went upstairs and did a few final touch-ups to my makeup. I
Sprayed on some Joy perfume and put everything I would need into
my white purse. Now I know why women need such large purses. My
large bag held everything! I went down stairs and Roger and I went
out through the kitchen to the garage. I had not realized how big
this house was, the kitchen was huge. I saw the family room and it
was real big as well. Roger had a projection TV and a large leather
seating area for viewing. We went into the garage and saw that
Roger had a beautiful white Poreche Carrera convertable and a
Mercedes. We got into the Poreche and went into town. 
The downtown area was very well-to-do. All boutique shops and 
small offices. We walked around and did some window shopping. 
I even did some shopping for myself. Roger was most pleased,
I bought a beautiful white angora sweater dress with a cascade of
jewels and sequins over the shoulders and a pair of black suede
pumps with rhinestones covering the heal. I loved trying on all of
the pretty things in the stores. Roger carried the bags and I put
my arm through his and held him close to me. I had not felt this
good in a long time, I hoped that everything would work out. We 
still had not found a gift for Sandy. We happened by a record shop
and saw that they had tickets on sale for George Michael. Roger
mentioned that Sandy would die for a chance to see a concert like
this, but his business schedule would not allow him to go. I
thought for a second and said, "Honey, Let me take her. You want
to have things work out and I would like to have the opportunity
to get to know your daughter better." He thought about it and said,
"If Sandy and you get along, OK. She has had a hard time since her
mother left and has not taken well to any of my female friends."
I assured him that it would be alright and he finally said YES. I
jumped up and kissed him. This was fun. We went in and bought five
tickets, one for Sandy, one for me and three more for three of her
girlfriends that she could invite. Roger still wanted to get a few
more things for her birthday, he was so generous, I talked him into
a beautiful set of gold earrings and a matching necklace. He also
got her a new walkman to wear while she ran, she had just gotten
into jogging. (He suspected that she was into running because she
had the hots for the captain of the track team at her school.)
We grabbed a quick bite of lunch. (I could only eat a small salad
and a Perrier, all of the walking and my corset didn't agree with
each other.) and we headed home. When we got home the phone was
ringing, it was Roger's friend Alex. Alex and his wife Karen had
tickets to the opera for that evening and the other couple that
they were going with had a last minute problem and had to back out.
Alex wondered if Roger wanted to come along. Roger replied, "Only
if I can buy the other TWO tickets off of you, I would be bringing
a date." Alex, knowing the problems that Roger had been having and
wanting him to go out into the mainstream dating world again, was
ectatic. "Of course that would be great, would you be able to join
us for a late night dinner after the MET." Roger accepted the
invitation and came into the living room to tell me. I was taken
back. How could I prepare for an evening out, with people I didn't
know, for a very formal night. The only formal evening wear I had
was the strapless dress that Marie had packed for me and I wasn't
ready to be seen in something like that. Roger hugged me and said,
"Everything is alright. I have a friend name John who is gay and
owns a local salon. We had a relationship some time ago and I know
he would be most trustworthy." I didn't know about this, but before
I could refuse, Roger was already on the phone to John setting up
my appointment. They talked for a few minutes and after a few
cryptic exchanges, Roger said goodbye and hung up. It's all set,
he will see you before closing and seems very intrigued to meet
you. I didn't know whether to be mad or what. How could he be so
cavalier to believe that I would just go anywhere, I kept thinking
to myself, if this is going to work, I was going to have to deal
with it. Getting over my displeasure with Roger, he hurried me
along to the car so I could make it to my appointment. We went back
downtown to the same area we were shopping. In the middle of the
shopping area was a very trendy salon called Reflections. Roger
escorted me inside to meet John. John was a very effervescent
individual and the greetings were all kisses and hugs. He escorted
me inside to the main salon room and had me take a seat while he
and Roger went inside to John's office. I was a little uptight and
seeing Roger with John didn't help. I was actually jealous. I
thought they had been lovers at one point, Roger was supposedly not
into "MEN" as it were anymore. Roger came out and kissed me and
said, "Everything will be fine dear, John and Sara will take care
of you." I didn't feel much better and was pouting, John thought
I was cute and kissed me on the forehead and said, "Be a good
kitten and lets have some fun tonight. OK." I said Ok and kissed
him goodbye. With that John came out and introduced me to his
assistant Sara. I was their last appointment for the day and the
other operators were just finishing up on their clients. I sat down
at John's station and he began to play with my hair. John liked to
talk and today was no exception, "Vicki, dearest, John has
apparently gone gaga over you. I would love to know your secret,
or I guess that's quite apparent, ha. Honey, you are quite some
package, if I knew that this was what it would take to land
Roger... well....but I could never carry it off as well as you have
done." I was beginning to lighten up and laugh along with John.
Just then Sara came in. She was very trendy with a severe short
hairstyle and funky clothes. John introduced me and we talked. Sara
washed my hair and brought me back to John's station where John
finished his evaluation of what style I wanted. I explained to him
that we were going out and I told him about my dress, he was quite 
excited about the fact that I was going to dare to go out dressed
so boldly. He asked if I had ever thought to wear my hair up, I
hadn't thought of it and said why not. He went to work. First he
set my hair, saying that he felt that I should have a perm, but
there wasn't time. He set it in tight curls and put me under the
dryer. To save time Sara did my nails while I was under the dryer.
I was wearing long gloves, but John was a perfectionist and said,
"You must be prepared to show off what you got dear!" Sara used a
hot pink polish to match my dress. When finished, She brought me
back to John's station and he took the curlers out. Time was of
the essence, Alex and Karen were picking us up in two hours. John
was moving and talking a mile a minute, he was asking me about the
opera we were seeing and I said, "I don't even know, everything was
going so fast." John finished with my hair and started on my
makeup.
He was a master and found the perfect look for me. When done, I
looked like a princess. My face was aglow in pinks and violets.
My lips were pink and pouty, very kissable. My eyes were "doelike"
and much more mature looking than I had done. I felt as if I had
stepped off the cover of Vogue. My hair was upswept on one side and
had soft bangs in the front. The back was braided and turned under
and pinned in place, most feminine. I looked like a model. Just
then Roger arrived. When he saw me, his jaw practically hit the
ground. " He hugged me and kissed me and said I was a vision.
John yelled at Roger, because he didn't want him to mess up my
makeup. John did a few touchups to the damage Roger had caused and
we were off. 
When we got home I ran upstairs to get dressed. I moved pretty good
considering I was still wearing my pumps. I took off my clothes and
put on my black bustier. I filled the cups with my smaller inserts
and did my little exercise to push my cleavage together. Satisfied
that I had succeeded, I hooked the final clasp and saw that I had
achieved 23" without lacing, what a relief. I snapped the garters
to a pair of beautiful black silk stockings that were seamed and
had tiny rhinestone bows at the ankle. Straightening the seams, not
an easy task, I put on a pair of lace panties that were a little
more than a g-string. Satisfied that everything was in place, I
took out my dress. It was beautiful, The bodice was black velvet
and covered only slightly more than my bustier. The dress had a
drop waist and a hot pink tiered skirt in organza and tulle. with
a big pink organza bow at the hip. The skirt was short, shorter
than tea length and also had an additional pink petticoat to keep
its fullness. The dress had a side zip and with a little
negotiating, I got it closed. I stepped into the petticoat and
pulled it up. Adjusting myself, I turned and looked in the mirror. 
It was like a fairytale. I was a beautiful woman. My shoulders
looked most delicate in comparison to any males that I could
imagine. My coiffure was perfect for the overall look, of a
sophisticated lady. The dress fit me like a glove and the cleavage
that I had formed was quite apparent and emphasized by the bustier
dress, which gave me a most feminine contour. The drop waist was
most figure flattering. The skirt was adorable and fulled out by
the petticoat. I stepped into my new black suede pumps. They fit
perfectly, I loved seeing the rhinestone heels and the little
rhinestone bows on the back of my ankles. I went into the bedroom
to see Roger getting dressed in his tuxedo. I was so hot, I wanted
to make love right there, but there was no time. Roger took one
look at me and I knew he was thinking the same thing I was. But 
Alex and Karen were to be there any minute. He said, "You are the
most beautiful creature, but I have something that would make you
even more beautiful. He went to the vault behind a picture on the
bedroom wall. He took out a small jewelry case and opened it for
me. Inside were the most beautiful things I had ever seen. I pair
of diamond drop earrings and a diamond necklace. I turned around
and Roger put the necklace on me and I fastened the earrings to my
lobes. There must have been 50 carats of diamonds! Roger kissed my
neck and whispered romantic things in my ear. I wanted him right
then, but I knew I would have to wait. What a little vixen I was
turning into. I took out the long black gloves that went with the
dress, after some maneuvering I got them on, I was thinking, what
alot a woman has to go through to be beautiful. I sprayed on lots
of Halston Night and put Marie's tennis bracelet around my gloved
wrist, after all diamonds are a girl's best friend. As I was doing
the final touchups, the doorbell rang. It was Alex and Karen. Roger
got the door and asked them in for a drink. I made a proper
entrance down the stairs and was introduced to our guests. Alex was
a very handsome swarthy type, particularly in his dark tux. Karen
was beautiful. She wore a Midnight blue  dress that was backless
and dotted with rhinestones. The dress was short with large puffy
sleeves and had a lace bodice that was cut in a deep-V to her
waist. She wore very high matching pumps with ankle straps and dark
blue stockings. Her hair was auburn and she wore it in a matching
deep blue bow. We said our hello's and they immediately opened up
to me and were quite warm. Karen and I hit it off wonderfully, she
was delightful. after one drink, we were off. Alex had his BMW, the
girls sat in the back and the boys in the front. we were two furry
things in the back seat, me in Marie's mink and Karen in her
beautiful sable. We chatted the whole way about everything and
nothing. I couldn't believe that I could be so conversant in
womanly issues. I've read alot of Cosmo in the last few days. Karen
was very active in local affairs, she was on the PTA and was a
member of the local woman's club. She was Alex's second wife. Their
children were his by his first wife who died of cancer. She loves
the children as if they were her own. I had thought she was young
to have a high school aged boy and two younger girls. I found out
she was only 28 and had married Alex when she was 24. She wondered
if I had met Rogers children yet, I had not, she assured me that
I would find the twins totally darling and Sandy difficult. "She
is the most beautiful 14 year old young lady you have ever met. But
she is stubborn and strong-minded. She is having a difficult time
with her mother leaving and because of her looks is also more apt
to be hanging around with older kids, Roger's worried about her."
I told Karen about the birthday present we got her and how I was
taking her to the concert. She thought that was great and could
help considerable in Sandys' acceptance of me, she said, "That's
particularly important because I get the feeling Roger wants you
to hang around for a while." We talked the whole way into the city
and practically until we were in our seats at the opera. I finally
snapped out of it when we checked our coats. Here I was, in a
beautiful strapless dress, looking quite provocative, attending the
opera on the arm of a most attractive man. I loved looking around
at all of the other women and what they were wearing. I found
myself to even be kind of competitive with them. It was a mixed
crowd. Some people were dressed rather casually. I made a comment
to Karen about the general attire and she replied, "I wish things
were as they were years ago, this type of evening used to be where
everyone dressed up. It sort takes some of the fun out of it." I
agreed with her. The opera began, it was La Traviata. I had never
seen an opera before. Placedo Domingo was the lead male and he was
wonderful. I found myself looking at men differently now. I was
seeing him as a woman would see him. He was most sensual in his
role. The opera was wonderful. I thoroughly enjoyed it. We left the
MET and went across town to a restaurant on 2nd Ave. It was a
pretty little French bistro. We sat at a table and enjoyed wine and
cheese and a lite dinner. The conversation was stimulating the
company was wonderful. We left at almost 2am. Roger was serenading
me as we walked to the car. Karen and I laughed as Alex and Roger
made fools of themselves. I fell asleep in the back of the car,
huddled up against Roger while he played with my hair and
occasionally kissed my forehead on the way home. Karen and Alex
said goodnight as they dropped us off. We all kissed and hugged and
then Roger said that we should all meet at the club in the late
morning for a game of double. Karen and Alex seemed game. I was too
tired to disagree. We went upstairs, Roger carrying me across the
threshold as it were and dropped me on the bed. I was tired, but
noticing the bulge in Rogers pants, I was always eager to please.
He pulled me to him and unzipped my dress, which fell to the floor.
Dressed fully in my bustier, stockings, panties and heals, he was
a wild man with me. He lifted me to the edge of the bed took off
my panties and lifted me to his awaiting cock. In a steady, pulsing
series of thrusts he entered me, standing while I was lifted to him
off the bed. I wrapped my legs around him, kicking my heals off to
gain a firmer hold. He lifted me completely off the bed and brought
me to him while he turned himself to sit on the bed. I was sitting
on his steely rod facing him, sucking his tongue and licking and
sucking his nipples, with his manhood buried deep inside of me.
Lustfully kissing him, caressing him, riding his organ. He lifted
me and pushed me down further onto him using me as a piston for his
desire. My silk clad legs wrapped around him gripping his every
pulse. My gloved hands caressing him as he kissed and licked my
neck and breasts. Finally I felt him tense as he came deep into me.
I felt the warmth of him flowing into my body. It was ecstasy. We
collapsed, exhausted and satiated, our sexual desires fulfilled...
for the moment. He slowly shrank inside of me and my body relaxed
releasing him. Too exhausted to get up, we slept as we were. I fell
in love that night.
The next morning I got up first. I took a shower and fixed my hair
and makeup. Marie had bought me a flesh colored cincher that had
a little more give to it.  I got out a padded bra, noticing that
my chest had developed enough that I didn't require anything else
to be just about a B-cup. I put it on and threw on an exercise
outfit Marie had packed. It was a yellow french leotard with a
black exercise panty and black tank top. I wore my black tights and
aerobic shoes. I went down stairs and turned on the workout show
on the television in the family room. After a brisk, 20 minute
workout. I put on some coffee and made a lite breakfast for Roger
and myself. He came down in his robe and gave me a hug and a kiss. 
I gave him some coffee and handed him his morning paper. He made
a wisecrack about what a good wife I would be, for which I
retaliated by showing him. I climbed beneath the table came up
under the newspaper and gave him what he later called the best
blowjob he ever had. "Maybe that would prove what kind of wife I
would be," I thought brazenly to myself. Roger smiled and went
upstairs to get changed. He threw on his running gear and we went
out for a quick run. I couldn't keep up with him and mocked him out
for being so macho as he tried to egg me on. We walked back to the
house and got freshened up to play tennis. Marie had bought me the
cutest tennis dress. It was a short white dress, with wide straps
over the shoulders that crossed and buttoned in the back. It had
a curt pleated skirt with pink ribbon trim at the hem. I wore my
cincher with the small inserts and the ruffled tennis panties that
came with the outfit. I tied my hair up in an eyelet ribbon that
Marie had packed along with the dress and put on my tennies and a
pair of  pink trimmed ladies tennis socks. I looked darling in the
outfit, hopefully my tennis would suffice. Thank god Karen wasn't
much better than I was. We played doubles for a while and then let
the men play a set of singles. Karen and I went to the clubhouse
and sat down in the players lounge. She was quiet all morning and
didn't seem to want to talk as she had the night before. Finally
she turned to me and said, "Vicki, I know who you are. Or at least
what you are, and you are not the beautiful girl that you would
have everyone believe you are, come straight with me." OH MY GOD!
She knows, what was I to do, I felt like running, where would I go.
She saw me panic and sat next to me to console me. She knew who I
was and still was being nice to me. "Vicki, don't be afraid, I'm
not going to tell on you or anything. I was just, well, surprised
when I figured out the kind of girl you are. A while ago, Roger was
going through a period where he was seeing men. He tried to keep
it from Alex and me, but he wasn't as discrete then as he is now.
I think he was more confused than truly desirous of other guys.
With you though he seems happy. He has not been happy for a couple
of years. I want him to be happy and not getting hurt again. Do you
understand." I did understand and was very confused. I didn't want
to hurt Roger, but if Karen could read me, others could as well.
I told her the whole story, from the beginning. The guys were
playing a few more games, so we had time. Karen just sat there
listening, I had no idea what she was thinking. When I was finished
she sat for a second and then said, "Vicki, I honestly believe that
you care about Roger and would never consciously hurt him in any
way. But I believe that you need a little more time to fully
develop as a woman, both physically and mentally before you can
accept a role as close as you seem to be moving with Roger. He is
vulnerable right now and is susceptible to any form of affection.
I will help you make this transition, but you need to slow down and
guarantee me that you will do everything in your power to protect
him from any harm." I looked at her and was crying. I agreed and
she hugged me. I don't know how she really felt about me, I guess
I still needed to earn her respect, but I wanted it badly and
realized that she cared and wanted for Roger to get over the
marriage problems that he had been having and to lead a normal
life. She took out a tissue and dried my tears. I went into the
ladies room and fixed my makeup, my crying had caused my mascara
to run, I looked like Tammy Fae. After I was reorganized we went
back out to the courts and met the boys. I felt uncomfortable but
knew that I would have to put on a proper front. The guys went in
to get freshened up and we grabbed some lunch at the club. We said
our goodbyes there and I reconfirmed my promise to Karen. 
When we returned home, Roger sensed something was wrong, I was
hesitant at first to tell him and said I had alot to think about.
We had no other plans for the day, so I went upstairs and changed
into a pair of jeans and a sweater. I thought about what Karen had
said to me and realized that she had not told me to hold back from
telling Roger about what we discussed. I came back downstairs,
Roger wanted to play, I was not in the mood. I sat down on the
couch with him and told him of my conversation with Karen. He was
upset, he had no idea that I would be read, he didn't even think
of it. (Which was foolish on both of our parts.) And agreed with
what Karen had said. We agreed that we would only date until I was
more comfortable with my new role and then would decide if it
should go any further. We sat in each others arms for what must
have been hours. I got up and fixed a lite dinner of salad, soup
and some cheese and fruit and we went to bed early. We didn't make
love that night and just fell asleep in each others arms.
We got up early the next morning. Rogers mother was bringing the
girls over and He had to get into a meeting early. I got up before
5:30 and got into the shower. I noticed how my nipples had grown
in the past few days and how swollen my breasts were. I decided not
to wear the breast forms today. I put on my cincher and fastened
the hooks at the tightest point. Pushing everything into place, I
found my form becoming much more feminine, my hips were fuller and
my breasts were enlarged with areolae the size of silver dollars
and my nipples were erect and blossoming like rosebuds on my chest.
I was going into the city to meet Marie at the office before I was
to visit the doctor today and was to dress appropriately. I put on
a pair of suntan pantyhose, sheer to the waist, and my ivory cami
and tap pants. I didn't even wear a bra. The cami was too snug for
me to wear with my padding, without it fit perfectly. I had a very
feminine shape, almost a B-cup without any help. I was very happy
with my progress. I sat down at the dressing table and took the
towel off my head. After about half an hour of blow drying my hair
and using a curling iron, I was pleased with the look. Quite
business like. I took a large black bow-clip and gathered the back
into the clip. I loved the feeling of the bow in my hair. I did my
makeup. The requisite foundation, today softer than I had been
wearing, I used alot of powder. A blusher and a little coverup for
under my eyes. I used a lighter pink to gold shadow and my usual
amount of mascara, liner and a final clear mascara coat. I did my
lips in a more subdued red, bordering on a burgundy and since I had
some time, I did my nails in a matching color. Today I was going
to wear my grey suit. Marie had packed for me a beautiful cream
silk blouse with faux pearl buttons down the back and a high
collar. The sleeves were gathered high on the wrists and the blouse
had three button cuffs, also in faux pearls. The suit had a
tailored jacket with a moderate peplum to the single breasted
jacket. The skirt was business length, tapered, with a slit up the
back. I put on the blouse and had to have Roger help me with the
buttons. I decided to wear a half slip and put it on. The skirt was
snug, but the slit allowed for movement. With the skirt, I wore a
2" wide grey reptile print belt and a pair of matching Charles
Jordan cut away pumps with a 3 1/2" heal. Faux pearl drop earring
jackets with my real pearl studs, and my 20" pearl necklace. I wore
a small bracelet an a gold Cartier watch. I felt I was set for the
day. It was almost 7:15 and we had to catch the 7:45 train, I went
outside to wait for Roger at the car not wanting to be there when
the girls arrived. 
I saw Rogers mothers car drive up and the girls get out. The twins
were adorable, they were so cute in their matching school dresses.
Sandy got out and I saw what Karen meant. She was wearing a grey
stone washed denim skirt and a pair of matching pumps. She wore a
black sweater with leather patches and tassels. Her hair was long
and blonde, almost to her waist. She was obviously quite well
developed for her age and the tight sweater definitely showed her
attributes. I heard them go inside and talk to Roger. From the
sound of his voice, he was obviously happy to see them. There was
a pause in the conversation and all of a sudden I heard Roger come
out to me and say, "Vicki, I want you to meet my mother and my
daughters." I didn't know what to say. I thought Roger wanted to
hold off and slow things down. I hesitantly went into the kitchen
and met the girls and Rogers mother, "Ladies, this is Victoria
Escovar a business associate of mine, who is also a friend, we are
riding into the city today together and I wanted to introduce you."
Both Mrs. Colter and the twins were most gracious, Sandy was a
little stand-offish but was not rude. I introduced myself and
reminded Roger that we had a train to catch. I could see if I was
going to have any chance of having a relationship with Roger and
his family, I had a lot of work to do. We took the train into the
city, it was an uneventful ride. Roger hailed a cab at Grand
central and dropped me off at Marie's office. I had forgotten that
this was also MY office, or at least John's office. Roger told me
to relax and not to worry, he said I looked great, no one would
know. He kissed me goodbye and said he would call me later. I said
goodbye and entered the lobby of the building. I went over to the
phone in the lobby and saw people I knew at the newsstand. I began
to get nervous as I called Marie. She was not very understanding
and said I should come up to the reception desk to meet her. I
hesitantly got on the elevator and saw Larry one of the traffic
managers for the agency standing there with a couple of other
people. I got on the elevator and thought that Larry was undressing
me with his eyes. He had a reputation for being a leach, but until
you've experienced it as a woman, you do not know what the word
means.I went into the reception area and saw Lisa, the
receptionist. She was, as unusual, a knockout, dressed in a cute
short black sheath dress, but a real bubble head. She asked who I
was going to see, and I told her Marie. She asked me to take a seat
while she paged her. I sat down and crossed my legs. It took some
time for Marie to come out for me. I must of been looked over by
half the men in the agency. I hoped it was because of my looks, not
because they were trying to figure out where they had met me
before. Marie finally came out and was quite pleased with my
appearance, "You look wonderful Victoria, I have to show you around
the agency." 
I thought Marie was doing this to unnerve me. I was not going to
let her. I reluctantly took my purse and followed Marie around
while she introduced me to everyone I already knew. She made a
point of saying that I was interviewing for the Junior A.E.
position next week at the new creative group. I seemed to pass the
test until I got to the studio. I had worked there for over a year
and Marie took her time to show me around. I just wanted to get out
of there. Finally she introduced me to Kim, the girl I had worked
next to for so long. Kim was always kind of aloof with me, I
thought she was a Lesbian, although she was always well dressed and
very pretty, not the butch type, she was not very close to any men
that I knew of. Kim was most glad to meet me and was very
conversant, I think she said more words to me today than she had
ever said before. Marie left me in the studio while she took a
call. Kim kept talking to me and started questioning me if she had
known me before, I assured her that she hadn't and was getting a
bit nervous until Marie came back and rescued me. Noticing Kim's
attraction to me, Marie said, "You two girls seem to get along, why
don't you grab lunch together this week. I'm sure Vicki would love
to have a friend in town and you two i'm sure have alot in common."
How could she do this, Marie was putting me in particularly
difficult situations on purpose. What was this, some kind of test?
I said a halfhearted goodbye to Kim and Marie and I left to go to
the doctors. I had a ten o'clock appointment and was a little late.
The nurse brought me into the examining room and asked me to remove
my clothes and put on a dressing gown while I waited for the
Doctor. I had no idea what Marie had planned for me now. I was
uncomfortable in the cold room and did not have much solace
exposing myself in this feminized state to another person. 
Dr. Tullis came in, she was very clinical and did not have the
greatest bedside manner. She put me up into stirrups and poked and
prodded all around my groin. She examined my breasts and felt all
over my neck and back. She then had the nurse prepare several
injections, most of which were given in my backside. Upon finishing
her examination, she asked me to get dressed and join her and Marie
in her office. I knocked on the office door and entered the office.
Marie and Dr. Tullis had been talking for some time. Dr. Tullis got
right to the point. "Victoria, you are an excellent candidate for
reassignment. We are going to start the procedures in the next few
months. You will be on increased dosages of hormones until you are
prepared for reassignment surgery.
I expect that this is what you want?" I was shocked that they were
talking surgery. I thought about what I had promised to Marie, what
I promised Karen, the fact that I was falling in love with Roger.
My present physical appearance, and what would happen to me if I
said no. I looked at Marie and then at Dr. Tullis and said, YES.
Marie came over and hugged me and said, "Vicki, honey, you will
never regret this decision." I wasn't sure about surgery, but,
considering everything that had happened, I was prepared to become
a woman in every way.

(To be continued)
      
--
Archive-name: Changes/wrkgirl4.txt
Archive-author: Kathy Harrison
Archive-title: Working Girl - 4


In our previous episodes, John had been transformed into Vicki by
his boss Marie. Marie feels that not only can she gain some
personal gratification from dominating and transforming this
pitiful male, but by making him/her successful, she could
financially benefit from Vicki's success. In the last episode,
Vicki falls for Roger, a successful, divorced, business executive
with Marie's largest client. Vicki has decided to accept her new
role and go through with Marie's plans. And now the continuing
story of the Working Girl.
**********************************************************
I left the doctors office, a little apprehensive about my future.
Marie had to go back to the office, she left me with her credit
card and said that I needed to go shopping for some more clothes
for work, she said that I better get the right clothes and be
acceptable for my new job. I took a cab uptown to Bloomingdales and
spent the rest of the afternoon spending a fortune on all sorts of
outfits. I bought a white linen suit with a short slim skirt and
a very fitted button front jacket that had a stand up collar. It
was quite elegant. I bought a beautiful black silk oriental dress,
with gold trim and a slit skirt. The dress fit me like a glove
showed off all of my attributes. I bought several more business
suits, a blue pinstripe, a red Halston with a severe silhouette and
a pronounced peplum, a pretty royal blue jacket with a matching
blue sheath dress, a herringbone suit with a shorter jacket. I also
bought several dresses, a jade green silk dress with a full pleated
skirt and a drop waist, a pink floral dress, with long sleeves and
tapered skirt, a tan shirtwaist, a beautiful two piece white on
white with a short skirt and a peplum top. I went wild in the
sweater department and bought several of the prettiest sweaters I
had ever seen and a white angora sweater dress the I would
definitely be Rogers "kitten" in huddled next to him one night by
a roaring fire. I bought several bras, panties, camisoles, garter
belts, two new corsets, a sexy merry widow, several pairs of
stockings, two baby dolls, a black teddy and a beautiful long black
lace nightgown. I bought a kicky black sequin backless mini dress
and a pink satin bustier dress with a wide peplum and a short tight
skirt. I bought several pairs of pumps in assorted heights and
colors, particularly a pair of pink satin pumps with 5" heals and
a matching clutch to match my new dress. I bought a beautiful pair
of white high healed boots and a pair of black riding type boots.
I picked up a couple of pairs of jeans and a pair of black stirrup
stretch pants. I even bought a black leather coat with a embossed
print and a long wool pant coat in a pretty fawn color. I spent
several hours in the jewelry department and bought seven pairs of
earrings, two bracelets and a set of black onyx beads. By the time
I was done, I was exhausted from all of the time back and forth
from the fitting rooms and I had spent almost $8,000. Marie said
to get what I needed, I was praying that she would not be too mad.
I had the things sent over to the apartment and stopped over at the
office to meet Marie for dinner. She ended up having a business
appointment and said that I should just go home and wait for her. 
At about 9:00 she called and said to get dressed, very sexy, I was
to meet her at Obsessions at 11:00, I asked if she had seen Roger,
she said no and hung up. I was confused, what was going on, not
protesting, I went upstairs and took a shower. I got out and tied
my hair up in a towel. I went a little wild on my makeup
particularly my libertine use of violet eye shadow and sexy red
pouty lips, I was really going to town and after about 20 minutes
with a blow dryer, a quart of hairspray and a lot of brushing, my
hair was a wild mane of red. I put on my black corset and pulled
it tight, I put on my black lace stockings and straightened the
seams then attached them to the garters on the corset. I pulled on
my black g-string panties that only have the bow on top of the
crack of my ass. I put on my skin tight red leather bustier dress
and zipped it up. It fit me like a second skin. The skirt was
short, almost to my stocking tops. I wore a short black satin
bolero jacket and my highest black patent pumps, almost 5 1/2
inches. I put on huge gold hoops and a gold cuff, lots of Opium
perfume and I was off. I arrived at the club about 5 minutes late,
Marie was waiting at the bar impatiently. "Where were you?" she
said peevishly, as she looked at her watch. "I had to get finished
getting dressed, you wanted me to look my sexiest." I replied, "You
should of hurried, but you look exactly the way I wanted you to,
so its OK this time. I wanted you to come down here because I need
you to take care of one of my out of town clients, I didn't know
what to do when he showed up with his Italian associate. That one
is crazy and doesn't want to stop partying. I wanted to talk to my
client, but the Italian guy, Antonio, wont leave me alone. I want
you to take care of him. I need to keep him happy in order for my
client to be happy and I also need to keep him out of the way. Take
care of him and just get him back to the hotel by morning so that
he can catch his plane. And remember I want him happy!" I felt very
cheep, Marie was using me and I didn't like it. She looked at me
and said, "I spoke to Roger today, he likes you alot, but I need
you to do this for me and I promise I wont ask you often, OK?" I
reluctantly agreed. Marie snickered and said, "Besides, you never
really know if you are in love with a man until you have a few more
men inside of you to get a REAL comparison!" With that she
introduced me to her client Bill, an older man about in his mid
50's and Antonio, a VERY Italian black haired, mustached man in
his mid 40's, wearing too much cologne and about 4 gold chains
hanging down onto his very hairy chest. Considering how I was
dressed, his cock almost ripped through his tight pants as he took
my hand to kiss me hello. Marie started right in talking to Bill
leaving Antonio to me, he had very broken English and started
playing grab ass as soon as I sat down with him. I figured we would
be safer out on the dance floor so I led him out to the middle of
the floor where I thought it would be safest. I was right until a
slow dance came on and I found myself plastered to him again with
his hands grabbing my leather encased ass and grinding his
obviously huge cock into me. I figured that if I was going to live
up to my deal with Marie, I had better play along with him. We
danced for about two hours, Marie and Bill had already left,
Antonio, the chauvinist that he was, took my hand and said we were
going back to his hotel. I was very uncomfortable about this . I
didn't think he had any idea of what kind of girl I was, I was
hoping that he was so drunk, that by the time we got back to the
hotel, he would pass out. We arrived at the Helmsley Plaza and he
took me up to his suite. He ended up not being that drunk after all
and I got nervous. He didn't waist any time, as soon as we got into
the suite he grabbed me and started kissing me deeply, I felt so
vulnerable with him. The animal in him both disgusted me and
slightly turned me on. I was still scared to death of him finding
out, but there was nothing I could do. He forced me to my knees and
unzipped his fly and pulled out the largest cock I had ever seen,
It must have been all of 10" and very thick. He looked down at me
and said "Suck it bitch", I slowly took the huge member in my
mouth. I withdrew for a second to catch my breath and noticed my
lipstick mark surrounding the massive member. He pulled my head
back and stuck his rod in my mouth again, shoving it deep in my
throat. I did all I could do to keep from choking on it. Slowly my
throat relaxed and I was able to take more of him. I had my hand
wrapped completely around its base and I still had 6" in my throat.
He grabbed my head and began fucking my face, pushing my hand away
so that he could get more inside of me. I gagged and gagged as the
cock was forced all the way down my throat. Finally he pulled out
and let me catch my breath, starting up again as soon as he thought
I was ready. Finally he let loose a torrent of cum into my mouth,
pulling out to spray my face and titties with his gooey fluid.
Laughing as he left me on the floor catching my breath. I felt
totally violated, but I had not felt anything yet. He picked me up
off the floor and brought me into the bedroom. He reached behind
me and pulled down the zipper on my dress. letting it slide to the
floor. I stepped out of the dress and sat on the bed. He started
kissing me again and played with my small pert breasts, he even
licked his own cum off my face and chest. I couldn't believe it.
He asked if I liked the taste of cum. He had been with both men and
women and had learned to like it himself. I was shocked at what I
was hearing, As his hands probed my body, he figured out that I
wasn't the GIRL he thought I was, although that didn't stop him,
as a matter of fact, it seamed to get him even more turned on! 
He reached into his suitcase and took out several items. I went
pale when I saw them. First he bound my hands behind me with
leather wrist restraints. I was going to scream until he put a ball
gag in my mouth. He put a wide black leather belt tightly around
my waist and a leather collar around my neck. He then undid my
wrists and ended up putting another wrist restraint on my other
wrist and bound my wrists to my ankles. He then spent about 20
minutes elaborately tying me, with ropes, into a series of screw
eyes that he had put in the doorway to the bedroom. When he was
done, I was suspended in the doorway, hung from the ceiling and the
sides of the doorway by the ropes that were fed through the brass
loops on the harnesses that bound me. My legs were spread wide and
my ass was raised high in the air. My head was held up by a rope
through the collar. My ankles were tied wide apart to the base of
the doorway and I was perched on my heals that were actually locked
to the floor by an elaborate device. I could not move. I was so
scared I thought I was going to faint. He cut my panties off and
stood behind me rubbing his hard cock on my little rosebud. Finally
he plunged into me and I let out a yelp, straining against the
ropes as he jammed his massive rod into my backside. He began to
pump and push almost all 10" into my body, it hurt like hell, I
thought he was going to rip me apart. Finally after what seemed
like an hour, I loosened up and he came, finally, into my bottom.
He caught some of the cum that came out after he pulled out of me
and rubbed it on my face and tweaked my sore nipples. I was hanging
there crying as he rested, waiting to defile me again. He fucked
me several more times before dawn. At one point he pulled a chair
in front of me, sat down, removed the gag and lowered my head to
receive his cock. He grabbed my hair and forced himself into me.
He came one more time and I must of passed out, because when I woke
up, I was lying on the bed, with none of the restraints on. He was
gone, and I thought that my whole body was covered with his dried
cum. My ass was incredibly sore and cum was dripping from it as
well as my mouth. It was even caked in my hair. My nipples were
sore and red from being sucked and bitten and my little cock was
even sore, he must have sucked me off after I passed out.  He left
$200 in the bra of my corset, like I was some cheep whore. It was
after 11:00 am and he must of left to catch his plane. I started
crying uncontrollably and ran into the shower to wash off the mess.
I slumped down in the shower and sobbed for almost an hour. I had
been raped, it was a horrible experience. I was furious with Marie
that she would ever put me in this position. I hated her for doing
this to me. I couldn't call her, but I couldn't leave, I couldn't
find my dress, he must have taken it. My stockings were torn and
my panties were ripped. I was about to have a nervous breakdown,
finally I picked up the phone and dialed. The phone was answered,
I called Roger's private line, I was bawling uncontrollably when
he answered. I was incoherent until he got me to calm down. When
I finally told him what had happened and where I was, he rushed
right over. He got to the door and I was both hysterical and
embarrassed, he held me, and at first I pushed him away. I had been
violated! I didn't want him to be so close. Finally I relaxed
slightly and he gently held me and stroked my hair, whispering that
he would protect me and that I would be alright, I was his Kitten
and no one would hurt me anymore. I began to feel better. When he
felt I would be OK, he went down to the ladies shop in the Hotel
and bought me a gorgeous cream lace dress with a Victorian lace
bodice, a drop waist and a full skirt, a ivory corselette, a
beautiful pair of ivory lace panties, a pair of cream lace
stockings and a pair of pretty, strappy, winter white high healed
sandals. He also brought me some assorted cosmetics and hair care
accessories. When he came back I fixed my makeup the best I could,
fixed my hair and tied it back in a cream colored ribbon that
matched the dress, I put on the outfit and it fit as if I had tried
it on. I buckled the dainty straps of the sandals around my ankles.
I felt pretty and safe again. Roger was my protector and I loved
him. He took me out of the Hotel and brought me over to the company
apartment on Park Ave. No one was scheduled to be there all week
and I could stay there until he could work something else out. I
called Bloomies and asked to have my things delivered to the
Apartment instead of Marie's. Roger called her and explained what
had happened. She was very sorry and apologetic, but Roger
explained that she should stay away for a couple of days until I
had calmed down. She said that she understood and said she would
call by the end of the week. Roger had to go back to the office
that afternoon. I said that it was alright, even though I knew I
would be a basket case. Roger had done too much already, I didn't
want to take anymore time on account of me. I kissed him goodbye,
he said he would stop by later. When he left, I sat on the bed and
cried. About 4:00 the packages arrived and I changed into jeans and
a oversized sweatshirt I had bought. I sat around and watched
television until Roger showed up. I was so glad to see him and he
seemed most happy, "Vicki honey, I think you need something to
concentrate on to get your mind off of this. There has been an
opening in our internal account management group and I want you to
take the job. If you want it, its yours. You need a little more
room from Marie and I want you to have something to do sooner
rather than later. I thought about it for a second and agreed. I
would start training tomorrow. I didn't want Roger to leave, but
I knew he would have to. Before he left, he turned to me and said,
"Darling, I want to be with you all the time. Give me a couple of
weeks to work things out and then you can come live with us, i'm
sure I can work it out with the girls, the Twins will love you and
i'm sure we can convince Sandy to accept you. Then we could be
married!" I jumped up and kissed him, thats all I wanted to hear. 
 
(To be continued)
--
Archive-name: Changes/wrkgirl5.txt
Archive-author: Kathy Harrison
Archive-title: Working Girl - 5


This is the continuing story of Vicki and her transformation from
being a miserable man, working as a paste up artist for Marie, a
tough and beautiful boss, to being a beautiful young woman. In
our last episode, Vicki went through a harrowing experience in
which she was raped. Roger, her boyfriend, came to her aid and
has started to help her through that difficult experience.
And now the continuing story of The Working Girl..........
************************************************************
It was still early when Roger left and I didn't want to be alone.
I picked up the phone and called the one person who I knew would
understand how I felt. Lori, the beautiful young "NIECE" of the
salon operator that Marie had taken me to. Lori was once a boy as
well and was now a beautiful young college co-ed. Lori was most
sympathetic and said that she would be right over to spend the
night with me. I felt much better and 20 minutes later there was
a call from the doorman that Lori had arrived. I met her at the
elevator. Lori was more beautiful than ever. She wore a green
pucker-knit mini dress and black patent pumps. She wore her hair
up and her features were more beautiful than I had remembered
them. She was not wearing a bra and her large, firm breasts were
straining against the stretch material of the dress, her nipples
quite apparent through the fabric. We hugged and kissed each
other in the hall and Lori turned to me and said, "Don't worry
Vicki dear, everything is going to be OK. I'm here and will stay
with you until you are feeling better." We went into the
apartment and Lori put away her overnight bag. I fixed her a
drink and began to recount the horrible story of last night. Lori
became very disturbed with Marie for putting me in that position
and did not seem too happy with Roger for leaving me alone for
the night as well. I asked her not to be too mad with Roger, he
had to get back to the children, their governess was ill and
could not take care of them. Lori understood and apologized for
being so angry with him. Besides he had gotten me the apartment
and did come to my rescue. 
Lori suggested that I take a long hot bath and she would do my
hair for my first day of work tomorrow. She said I should wear a
french braid with a large velvet bow. I said that would be a
wonderful idea. She fixed me a bubble bath and got me undressed.
She noticed that my breasts were coming along nicely. Almost a
full B-cup, she asked if my mother had large breasts and I said,
"Huge... almost legendary," as I remembered the services my
mother used to provide to the many men who visited her. Lori said
good, you will fill out quite nicely. I didn't realize that my
genetic makeup would dictate the development of my breasts, I
don't think I could handle it if they were as large as my
mothers. Lori went inside to get ready for bed as I took the
wonderful bath that she prepared for me. 
As I was lying in the tub, Lori entered the bathroom. She stood
there stark naked. Her body was unbelievable. Her breasts were
large round globes with perfectly formed nipples protruding from
them. Her waist was thin and perfectly proportioned against her
wide, feminine hips. She still had quite a substantial cock
protruding from her crotch, although her balls were being
chemically reduced through the hormone treatments. Her hair was
pinned up exposing her perfectly proportioned neck. She was one
beautiful woman. She knelt by the tub and started to bathe me
with a soft cloth. I moaned as she touched my stiffening nipple
and relished her touch. The tub was very large and I asked her to
join me. In no time she was next to me and we were touching and
kissing each other. I loved feeling her next to me and her touch
was overwhelming. After about 20 minutes of foreplay in the tub,
we couldn't take it any more. We got out, quickly dried ourselves
off and jumped into bed to continue our lovemaking. I started
sucking on her nipples and she on mine. We were two women in
heat, lusting for each other. We finally positioned ourselves in
a "69" and started sucking each others cocks. After the horrible
experience of the other night, I thought I would have a problem
with intimacy, but this was something else entirely. I loved the
feelings that she gave to me. After a considerable amount of time
sucking each other, we came and fell exhausted on the bed.
I awoke huddled up against Lori, her arms around me and my back
to her. She was kissing my earlobe and playing with my nipples.
While I was asleep, she had lubricated her cock and was slowly
touching it against my little rosebud. She wrapped her arms
firmly around me, kissing my exposed neck and started to push her
cock inside of me. I was a little sore at first, but I quickly
opened up to accept her. She felt so good inside of me. After
making love to me for about 20 minutes, we switched and I entered
her. She felt wonderful as she pulled me deep inside of her. I
finally came into her backside and collapsed beside her. It was
getting late and I had a big day coming up. My hair was still a
little wet, she finished drying it and showed me how to do a
french braid. I braided hers as well. We looked like sisters, it
was such fun. I wore my jade green teddy to bed she wore a black
lace one and we fell asleep in each others arms. 
I awoke the next morning early, Lori was already up and was
wearing a cute workout unitard. I still couldn't believe how
perfect her body was. We sat and had some coffee for a few
minutes then I started to get ready for work. Lori didn't have to
be in for classes until noon so she could help me. I took a quick
shower and shaved any errant hairs, A light dusting of powder and
I put on my paisley silk robe. Lori helped me with my makeup. She
gave me an appropriate business look, coppery eye shadow, a dark
pink blush and a rust shaded lipstick. Lori even did my nails in
a matching color. I looked great, quite the businesswoman when
she was done. I was going to wear my new brick red suede suit
today and the suit was cut to be worn with or without a blouse. I
wanted to wear it without, so I needed the appropriate under
garment. I had a beautiful copper satin cami and tap set with
deep rust lace trim that would be perfect.  
I first put on my waist cincher and Lori adjusted the ties and
helped me down to a 23" waist. after catching my breath I
attached the garters of the cincher to beautiful new dark tan
stockings that I had bought. They were extreamly sheer and made
my legs look oh so sexy.  I pulled on the tap pants, they were
cut high on the leg and were very pretty. I pulled on the
camisole and found it to fit a little snug. I still needed to
lose a couple of pounds to be a size 5. The camisole covered my
breasts and extenuated their contours. I was taking on quite a
feminine form. My nipples showed clearly through the filmy
fabric. I put on the skirt, it was fully lined so I decided not
to wear a slip. It fit wonderfully. It was a straight cut and
came just above the knee with a slit in the back. The jacket was
a short cut and was double breasted without lapels. It was very
femininely tailored and had squared, padded shoulders. The jacket
closed with two gold buttons and the final look was quite
businesslike, but sexy as well, with a bit of my cami showing as
I moved. I stepped into the matching pumps that I had bought for
the outfit. They were 4" cutaways with ankle straps in the same
rust suede. I wore my large gold knot earrings, a beautiful new
18" gold chain necklace that Roger gave me with a matching
bracelet and my gold watch. Lori fastened a black velvet bow onto
my french braid. I felt and looked gorgeous! It was cold out
today, so I decided to wear Marie's fox coat that she loaned me,
after all I wasn't THAT mad at her that I wouldn't wear her
clothes. I had purchased a Feragamo suede purse that was a close
match for my outfit. I gave myself a generous spray of Halston
and I was off for the office. 
I arrived at Devon just after 8:30 after a cab ride downtown to
the office just off 7th and 37th. in the middle of the Fashion
district. I went up to the offices and waited for Roger. He
kissed me hello and whispered in my ear, "You look so good, I
want to make love to you right now," I giggled and whispered
back, "Roger, we must keep up our business appearances you know."
We both laughed and he escorted me back to the account group.
When I got back there, there was already an office set up for me
with my name out front "Ms. Victoria Escovar." I got to meet my
co workers and was assigned to a Senior Account Rep. named 
David Schwartz. David was a nice man, but was not exactly what
you would call a dynamic personality. He was from the "old
school" of the garment district. And everything was done a
certain way, the way it had always been done. I could see a
potential for problems here. I was assigned a secretary named
Julie Meyers, she was fresh out of secretarial school and seemed
more nervous than I was. She was very cute and quite personable.
I was introduced to my new boss Al Grogan. Al certainly had an
eye for the ladies and his eyes were all over me. I think he
didn't like the idea of having me hired without his review, but
after he got a look at me, I don't think it really mattered
anymore. I began to realize as the morning went on that my
appearance was both a benefit and a burden. I was given a lot of
benefit of the doubt, in terms of my credentials and background
for the job, because of my relationship with Roger and my looks.
But I thought I may have a problem being taken seriously. I found
that being a woman in a man's world, and I didn't realize how
much the apparel industry was a man's world, was not so easy. 
I might just be becoming a feminist. At 11:00 we had a group
meeting for all of the A.E.'s. I was introduced as the new
associate and met my co-workers. There was Jill Stewart, she was
very much like Marie, tough, smart and beautiful. John Grossman,
he was sort of the lecherous type. He reminded me of Dan on Night
Court. Joyce Snyder, Joyce was a very large, very boisterous
woman. She was very nice to me and I liked her. David, my new
associate and Jonathan Jordan. Jonathan was another story
altogether. For the first time, I looked at a man as a lustful
woman would. Not that I didn't love Roger, but Jonathan was
gorgeous. He looked like Mel Gibson, WOW! When I was introduced
to him, he kissed my hand. I got weak in the knees. Jill gave me
a bit of a scowl, I think that they have something going. I would
have to watch myself around Jill and Jonathan. I was assigned two
new retail chains that we were distributing to. Most of my work
was done on the phone and David showed me the ropes. I picked up
quick and really began to get the hang of it. Most of what I was
doing so far was following up on David's orders and making sure
that inventory was correct. It wasn't hard, but took a little
getting used to the system. By the end of the day I was tired,
but happy. I really liked this job and I think I was pretty good
at it as well. Roger came back and checked on me at the end of
the day. I thanked him profusely for the opportunity and promised
him I wouldn't let him down. He had to be back home again that
evening, but promised me that I could come stay with him again
for the weekend, while the children stayed with his mother. We
stopped for a quick drink at his club before he had to catch the
train home and he got me a cab home for the night. I kissed him
goodbye and didn't want to let him go, but I had to. Never in my
life could I have thought that I could have the feelings that I
was having. For Roger, and I loved him so, for Jonathan, which
was purely a sexual attraction, and for Lori, in a caring
relationship, woman to woman. So many things were happening to me
and I knew so many more would continue to take place that I could
never imagine.
(To be continued)

--
