WORKING STIFFS

     Donna and I work in different departments at work, but because our offices
are close by, we see each other a lot. When I first met her, we seemed to hit
it off quite well. I still remember the nervous thrill I felt the first time I
asked her out to lunch. From our conversation, I found that we had a lot of
mutual interests, and we soon became good friends.
      At first I kept our relationship platonic, intending to be faithful to
my wife. Donna and I always enjoyed each other's company, and I always felt
buoyed up by her carefree attitude toward life. Over time, however, we started
flirting. Donna is an outrageous flirt - sometimes she'd ask me to guess what 
color underwear she had on, then after teasing me for a while, she'd finally
give me a glimpse of the edge of her panties under her business suit. Sometimes
I'd get a nice look at her gorgeous legs as she'd lift up her skirt. Other
times she would unbutton her blouse to show me her bra strap, and I would see
the soft curves of her fantastic breasts. My favorite bra was tan and 
transparent; it would treat me to the sight of her hard dark nipples trying to
poke through the thin fabric. What really made me crazy was the way she teased
me with her eyes. Donna is a beautiful blonde with dramatic eyes that are 
always nicely enhanced by makeup. Even now when she looks at me, I feel that I
could just melt and float away.
     One time, after we had been teasing and flirting with each other for a
year, we went on a business trip together. In the brief spare time we had on 
the trip, we had a great time talking, laughing, and enjoying each other's
company. At one point, I was sitting in a chair next to her in her hotel room,
watching TV, when she took out a bottle of body lotion and rubbed it all over
her smooth legs. Her legs looked just fine that evening in her white shorts,
but all I could do was sit next to her, quiver, shake, and pretend that I
wasn't affected. She could probably tell by the way my hands twitched that
I ached to rub in the lotion myself, but I must have known subconsciously that
once I got my hands on her, there would be no stopping. That night after I went 
to my room, I masturbated to a sweet, powerful orgasm while dreaming about
Donna wrapping her soft, smooth legs around me.
     On the way home, we had some pleasant private time on the plane. Because
of flight delays, the airline provided drinks, and we had a few brandies. We
laughed and giggled at everything we talked about, and had a wonderful time.
During a tender moment, something came over me, and I got up enough courage to
reach over and hold her hand. It seemed to signify something special, and I
could see her flush deep red. I felt red myself, and my heart  pounded away.
She looked so sweet that I could have eaten her up right there on the plane.
To this day, she still gives me a hard time about waiting until we were on the
way home before I touched her. 
     We learned it would be about two weeks before we'd have the chance to be 
alone again on a trip, and until then it was the longest, most exquisite
foreplay I've ever had. We teased each other unmercifully at work, and kissed
and hugged in the car whenever we'd have the chance. At lunch I would gaze in
her eyes and melt from the sensuous look she'd give me. We'd both flush from
the thought that the wait was almost over.
     Finally, our next trip was arranged. The first night, we took our clients
out to dinner. Since everyone pleaded being tired afterward, they headed home
while Donna and I went back to my hotel room. I pulled her to me for a kiss. She
kissed my cheeks and neck while we hugged and squeezed each other. Then we used
our tongues to explore each other's mouth in a deep, sensuous kiss. "It feels
so good to hold you close," I whispered. She sighed her agreement as our bodies
meshed closer. I rubbed her ass and held her tightly, pressing my hard-on 
against her. She pushed back and whispered, "You feel warm in there."
     I started rubbing her chest through her blouse, and Donna moaned her
encouragement. When I gently pinched her stiff nipples through the thin material
of her blouse, she closed her eyes to enjoy the sensation. I unbuttoned her
blouse at a leisurely pace, teasing her to pay her back for what she'd been
doing to me these past months.
     Donna let go of me, allowing me to slip her blouse off her arms, then in
a quick motion, she unsnapped her bra. It slid off her shoulders and arms,
treating me to the sight of her breasts, full and heavy, capped by dark
nipples now stiff with arousal. But before I could bend down to kiss her nipples
and lavish attention on her tits, Donna dropped to her knees. She pulled off
my shoes, unbuckled my belt, and unzipped my pants. When she pulled them off,
my hard cock bulged inside my boxer shorts. She reached inside the fly to
tease my balls, then smiled wickedly as she looked up to see my reaction.
     After a moment, she pulled the waistband of my boxer shorts down, gently
easing them past my erection down to the floor. She stood up, and I unbuttoned
and removed her skirt before pushing her back on the bed and climbing on top of
her. As her nipples rubbed against my chest, my cock pressed against her soft
stomach and her silken panties. She spread her legs so I could make better
contact against her mound. She moaned appreciatively as my swollen member slid
up and down between the lips of her slit with only her wet panties separating 
us. I quivered as her lips seemed to grab at me through the moist fabric.
     I rolled onto my side, touched her under the chin, and moved my hand down
her neck, caressing her between the curves of her breasts. As I circled down
around her navel, she became perfectly still, and her breasts rose and fell
with her increased breathing. When my fingers moved back and forth under the 
elastic of her panties, her hips wiggled and she spread her thighs a bit more.
I pulled her panties down, letting my fingers trail lightly over her damp hair.
She raised her hips to help, and I tossed her dripping panties off the bed.
     I bent over to kiss her on the neck and worked my way down to her chest,
licking and nibbling her breasts. Saving them for last, I delicately tongued
her nipples, lightly flicking the hard tips. I thought it would be best if I
teased her this way for a half hour or so, but within ten seconds, I was 
firmly sucking on her left nipple, using my tongue and the roof of my mouth to
stimulate the hard point. Soon I switched to her right breast, which I gently,
then firmly, sucked and rubbed. "Oh, that feels so good," Donna sighed. I
worked back and forth on her nipples, listening to her moan in pleasure.
     Donna reached down to lightly caress my balls with the tips of her 
fingers, and I shifted over a little to make it easier. My cock felt as hard as
a rock as she lightly moved her fingers up and down my shaft. Then she 
squeezed the head, rubbing it with the precome that oozed out of the tip. I
couldn't moan, what with a mouthful of soft, sensitive breast, but my whole
body tensed and shook as she continued to rub the head of my cock. I applied
myself more to her tits, pressing them together so I could lavish my lips and
tongue on both nipples at once.
     Then I moved on top of her, feeling her pubic hair graze my balls as we
pressed together. I shifted so my penis was between her legs, rubbing directly
along her slit without entering. As I moved up and down, sliding my cock along
her wet opening, Donna moaned and pulled me tighter. At the start of each
movement, the head of my cock would press against her opening, then slip down
without entering. The feeling was exquisitely intense and pleasurable. Every 
time I came close to entering her, Donna would tremble and I would moan and
whimper louder and louder. I intended to tease her for as long as possible, 
but there was no question as to who was teasing whom.
     Finally, my throbbing penis slid inside Donna, and she pushed her hips up
as I thrust inside her to the hilt. She wrapped her legs around me as we merged
in a love rhythm, her hips and ass rising to meet my every thrust. The
sensation was incredible, better than in my wildest dreams! Soon Donna's whole
body trembled in orgasm as I pushed harder and faster. She twitched and quaked
as the pressure built up inside me. I felt like she was squeezing the whole
length of my cock with some tight muscle inside her. The pleasure was so 
intense. Then she whispered in my ear, using her most sultry voice, "I'm
going to squeeze you harder and harder. I'm holding you inside me, milking
your penis for the juices. I want your juices inside me, and I'm going to hold
you and squeeze your penis until I get it."
     I could feel my need to come building up, like a thermometer registering
a high fever. "This is what you get for teasing me," I said. "Every time you 
tease me, this will be the consequence." "Promises, promises," she replied. She
pushed against me harder, and I strained to get inside her as deeply as
possible. "I'm going to come," I moaned as I slowed down, feeling the pleasure
wash over me.
     I squirted inside her, and moaned loudly with the intensity of it. My
sweat was dripping onto her face and neck. She continued to squeeze and milk 
me inside her. I felt so sensitive it almost hurt, but I couldn't actually
pull away enough to escape the heavenly feeling.
     We lay together petting and whispering to each other, basking in our 
juices. After a while, we moved to the dry side of the bed and fell into a 
deep, satisfying sleep, enveloped in each other's arms.


