"Oh no!  No you don't!  Do not dare to tickle me!"  She shrieked and ran
from the living room, her unbuttoned blouse sailing out behind her as
she sped down the hall, laughing loudly.  "Get away from me, I tell
you!"  She turned around, her face red, and laughed back at him as he
chased her into the bedroom.  "I'll scream, I swear!"

"Scream away."  He caught her and pinned her up against the wall.
"You'll be screaming soon enough anyway."  He gave an evil chuckle and
pressed her body against his.

"You bastard."  She said happily, and let his mouth cover hers.  He
inched her across the wall toward the bed, his hands running under her
shirt to massage the muscles in her lower back.  She purred low in her
throat with pleasure at his touch and let him slip the covering from her
shoulders, leaving her naked.

He climbed onto the bed and pulled her down beside him, still making
threatening moves toward her ticklish spots.  She cackled and squirmed
up against him, rubbing her breasts against his chest.  "Oh well, drat.
You caught me.  Guess I'll just have to let you have your way with me."

She put a hand to his face, trailing a finger lightly over the stubble
on his chin.  It was a face she had loved from the first moment she saw
it, and time hadn't diminished the feeling, but had actually intensified
it.  In the beginning of their relationship she would never have been
able to feel so at ease, so comfortable as she did with him now.  It
made her love him all the more - even if he did like to tickle her.  For
a moment she still grinned with the thought of flying through the house
with him in pursuit, but the sight of him lying naked next to her made
the familiar feeling well up inside of her, and her gaze softened as she
looked at him.  The bright eyes, the tiny wrinkles around them from
smiling, the generous curves of his mouth which felt so good pressed
against her own, the long length of his warm body, all made her melt up
against him and hold him tightly.

He pulled back a moment to look at her.  Her skin flowed pale from her
face into the shadows of her breasts, where his shilling hung on a
chain.  He had given her that long ago, and it had never left her touch.
What had she said about it?  That she would never let it leave her until
he took it from her.  He picked it up for a moment, feeling its worn
surface between his fingers.  Years of rubbing against the soft skin of
her breasts had worn down the strings of the harp, the horns of the
bull.  He felt a sudden rush at the thought of one day holding it in his
hand, the surface completely smooth.

In the half-light of the room it seemed to him that her skin glowed, her
nipples hard knots on her breasts, surrounded by aureolae of pale coral.
Her breasts fit perfectly into his hands, strong hands holding delicate
flesh;  he fondled them now, pushing them up from below, his thumb
moving in slow circles over her nipples.  His mouth found hers again,
and he kissed her deeply;  he sensed her breathing change from that of
exertion to that of arousal.   He had always loved this moment, when he
knew that once again the prize was his, the question answered and the
answer confirmed.  His kiss traveled from her lips to her throat and
down to her cleavage;  he ran his tongue in the cleft, pressed his face
to her cool skin.  Her fingers slipped into his long brown hair.

He shifted slightly to free his other hand, and pressed her breasts
together, presenting her nipples to his mouth.  He put his lips to one,
feeling its elastic hardness with his tongue.  The skin around it was
smooth, and its surface slightly pebbled.  He licked it, then pulled
back a fraction of an inch and blew a cool stream of air onto it.  He
felt the press of her fingers in his hair, the slightest of pressures,
urging him onward.

He circled her nipple with his tongue, teasing it to greater hardness;
he felt her grow restless under his touch.  He pulled the nipple into
his mouth, sucking lightly upon it, varying the amount so that it slid
over his tongue backward and forward by tiny degrees.  He felt it
distend in his mouth, and a small sound escaped her;  he heard it as a
tiny purr inside her chest.  He sucked harder, pulling part of her
aureole along with the nipple into his mouth.  The pressure from her
fingers wavered slightly, and she clutched lightly at his hair.  He let
her flesh slide gently from his lips, then turned his attention to her
other breast.  His fingers touched and teased her as he cherished her
with his mouth.

"Oh, Sid."  Dawn sighed.  "Oh, that's so lovely."  She put her hands to
each side of his head and pulled his face from her breasts, guiding him
back to her mouth, and kissed him long.  His hands fondled her, tracing
patterns on her skin;  she stroked his tiny erect nipples, each movement
sending a wave of intense pleasure through him.  She put her lips to one
and ran her tongue over it, breathing deeply of the scent she loved so
much, the scent of his warm skin and the faint trace of his cologne.
Her hand strayed over his stomach and down to the soft, tight curls of
hair below.  She made a sound of approval in her throat.

"I think I see something I need to take care of right away."  She curled
her body forward, taking his cock into her mouth.  She sucked at it
hungrily, running her tongue around the head and down the shaft, tasting
the faint muskiness of his sex.  She pushed his length further and
further into the soft flesh of her throat, groaning with the pleasure of
his cock between her lips, her hands kneading his balls, every movement
designed to make him come in delicious spurts down her throat.  Her lips
were smooth and tight on him, and he watched her head move deliberately
between his legs, taking his cock into her.  He loved to watch her as
she drew his length into her mouth, to feel her quiet moans of pleasure
at having him deep in her throat;  the thought of her doing something
wholly for his pleasure delighted him as much as the feel of her tongue
pressed against the head of his cock.  She had protested over and over
how much she enjoyed it when she tasted the hard feel of him between her
lips, how she craved the feeling of him stroking in and out of her
mouth.  One of her hands gripped the base of his cock, pulling at it
gently as she moved her head downward to meet her fingers;  the other
cupped his balls, pressing upward, kneading them.  She wanted him to
come in her mouth, he could feel her tongue teasing the head of his cock
just where it joined the shaft, urging him to lose himself in the
sensation of his cock being engulfed by her.  He put his hands to her
hair, directing her strokes, her head moving faster as his breathing
deepened and his muscles tensed.  It felt as if his cock became hard as
stone, and he shouted out hoarsely as his cock spasmed with pleasure and
he ejaculated hot torrents of come into her mouth.

She sucked at the head of his cock, loath to let a drop escape, holding
his cock in her mouth as his orgasm subsided, swallowing the last drops
from him, licking him clean.  She looked up at him and smiled, a purring
sound in her throat sounding in contrast to his heavy breathing.

"Oh my.  I like it when you do that.  I like it a lot."  She let her
body flow up against his, rubbing her breasts against his chest.  "I
like your cock in my mouth."  She whispered in his ear, stroking the
object of her ardor.  "I like it when you come in my mouth, too.  Next
time I want you to let it splash all over my face."  She licked his
earlobe, then teased it with her teeth.  "Matter of fact..."  She slid
her body downward a few inches, and then up again, rubbing herself
against him, shuddering at the feel of the soft hair on his chest
stroking her.  "Matter of fact, I like the thought of you splashing me
all over."  She crawled up beside him on her hands and knees and leaned
down, kissing him, a thin strand of his come escaping her mouth as they
kissed.

He felt his sex brush against her thigh, and her lips murmur against his
neck.  She seemed to be speaking, but he couldn't make out the words.

"Hmm?"  He asked her, smiling, guessing at her whispered comments.

"So nice..." She said, leaning back and looking into his eyes.  "So
nice..."

They lay there for a few moments, running their hands over each other's
body, loathe to give up any contact.  He whispered things into her ear
that made her giggle, and he laughed as she undulated against him.

She reached down and took his hardness into her hand.  "Still?  Mmm."
She squirmed up against him.  "So you were telling the truth..."

"Yes, still."  He pushed his cock into her grip gently.  "Always, around
you it seems."

"Do you think..."  She asked, pulling him toward her.

"Yes."

He knelt between her legs, her knees raised high and split wide.  He ran
the head of his cock deep inside the lips of her pussy, feeling its heat
and silky smoothness, then moved downward to her opening, and pushed his
hardness slowly inside of her.

"Good?"

"Oh yes.  Very good."

She gazed up at him, a look of adoration on her face.  Sometimes she
felt as if before him she had never made love, and perhaps she hadn't,
although she had had sex hundreds, maybe thousands of times.  There had
never been this feeling, not just the joy of his cock inside of her, but
of the rest of him being inside of her too, in a way, of holding all of
him.  That was what, as much as the slide of his hardness inside of her,
which made her clasp him to her and cry out his name.  Her eyes would
slide closed for a moment as she savoured the feeling of him, of knowing
that he was loving her with more than just his body, but always they
returned to him.

He looked down at her.  She lay beneath him, her face and breasts
flushed with exertion, her chest rising and falling with her heavy
breathing.  With each stroke of his cock inside of her she moaned, her
voice soft with love and pleasure, her cunt tightening around him as he
pulled back for another long push into her hot, swollen flesh.  He loved
the way he could make her writhe under him, her legs split wide and
press against him, her hands clasp his hardened biceps as she rocked
with his thrusts into her.

She smiled up at him, her lips parted, her tongue darting out to lick
them.  "You know I love it when you slide up into my cunt."  Her eyes
flashed at him as he groaned and let his actions follow her words.
"Your cock feels so good inside of me..."

Her head arched back into the sheet, her hair flattened against the soft
cotton;  her shoulders rose slightly from the bed, and he let his weight
settle onto her, slipping his arms through hers, locking her to him.
His body rubbed her full length as she wrapped her legs around his
waist, clinging to him.  Her breath was hot and moist on his skin;  he
kissed her ear, her neck, her cheek, finally letting his lips find their
goal of her mouth.  She gasped as his tongue entered her mouth and then
sucked at it hungrily, thrusting against it with her own in rhythm to
the thrust of his cock between her other lips.

She tore her face away from him and took a deep, ragged breath.  "Oh
god."  Her voice had dropped to a deep rasp which sent shivers through
him.  "Please."  She whispered.

"Please what?"  He whispered into her ear, and then lifted himself to
his knees.  He teased her with the tip of his cock, just running it
barely inside of her opening and then back out, his hand seeking out her
distended clitoris, her juices making his fingers slide easily over its
surface.

She twisted beneath him and her eyes opened again briefly;  he could see
the glints in their dark depths in the half-light of the room.  Her look
pierced him, the look of lust and love and longing on her face, her
cheeks seeming to blush furiously, tiny beads of sweat dampening her
hair.  "Oh god yes..."  She caught her breath as he slowly pushed his
entire length into her and rubbed a finger upward over her clit.  He
could feel her pulsing around him as he made tiny thrusts deep within
her.

"Is this what you wanted?"  His voice husked out a whisper.  She had
started to shudder and then had stopped, her hips still against him, her
breath shallow, her entire body vibrating silently as he brought her to
the edge;  she quivered there, tiny sounds escaping her.  "Is it?"  He
demanded.

She wailed aloud and curled her body upward toward him, her arms out to
him as if in supplication, and then fell back, her hands finding her
hair and burying themselves in it.  Her head rolled from side to side as
if denying the inevitability of her climax.

"Oh yes..."  Her face seemed to implore him, even more than her words.
"God, I want to come..."  Her voice lowered as she strained out the
words between breaths.  "Make me come Sid, make me come..."

His cock seemed huge inside of her tight, wet tunnel;  the rhythm of her
muscles now pushing against his thrusts, then pulling on his hardness as
if she never wanted to let it go.  Her clitoris was fully exposed under
his hand, and he teased it just as he knew she liked, tiny flicks across
its surface and then a hard stroke with his thumb upward over it, just
enough to make her jerk and moan aloud beneath him, but not enough to
make her come.  The feel of her hot pussy around his cock was too good
now;  if he felt her orgasm make her cunt shudder around him as he
pushed into her over and over, heard her shriek as she came, he knew it
would throw him over the edge.  He gritted his teeth and pulled the
length of his throbbing cock out of her, ignoring her cries of protest.

He threw himself onto the bed next to her, his arms reaching out and
pulling her over him.  "Your turn."

She threw her leg over him and settled down over his cock, letting it
slide slowly up inside of her.  She looked down at him and smiled.
"Wanna watch me come again?"  She gasped out between breaths.  She
leaned down and kissed him, her eyes wide, a smile tinged with lust on
her face.  "And then I'm going to fuck you until that beautiful cock
creams all over me."

She leaned back, her knees grasping his sides for support, her hips
moved in a circular motion, his cock stirring deep inside of her.  She
took his hands and placed them on her breasts, the let her own hands
draw the lips of her cunt wide, exposing her sex, wet and glistening.

He felt her tighten around him like a hand making a fist as she rubbed
her clit;  her hips rocked barely forward, barely upward, a hot, tight
ellipsis around his cock.  Her breasts filled his hands, cool and firm,
her nipples hard under his fingers.  She urged him on as he pinched
them, begging him to do it harder and harder as she rode him in tiny
thrusts, all her concentration on the feel of his cock filling her, the
burn of her clitoris under her own hand, his hot skin against her
breasts.  Her hips made themselves still, and he felt the familiar swell
of her around his cock as she started to shudder;  her head was thrown
back, her breath rasping through her mouth.  She moaned aloud as he felt
her cunt start to convulse around his cock, and then she threw herself
forward over him, groaning in time to the pulling of her climax, each
contraction around his thickness inside of her pulling on her clit,
prolonging her pleasure.  He thrust up against her savagely, fucking her
clasping cunt, drawing her orgasm out to a frenzy.  She grasped him, her
nails digging into his flesh, her pelvis rising over him and then
plunging downward, her flesh slick with her come, the slide of her pussy
over his cock drawing him closer to what she wanted.

"Feel how tight I am."  She purred down at him.  "Doesn't it make you
want to come?  Don't you want to come deep inside of me?"  She put one
hand to his chest and teased a nipple with her fingernail.  "Your cock
is so huge inside of me, and it wants to come so bad..."

He threw his head back, feeling his orgasm build inside of him;  the
sight of her labouring over him, her breasts swaying as she thrust
herself down over his throbbing hardness making his cock swell inside of
her.  He felt himself pass the point of no return and grabbed her,
bunching her breasts in his hands, his come spurting up into her as she
ground down upon him.  Her cries mingled with his as she felt his come
bathe her with its heat.

She lay over him, her heart racing, her breath hard.   He clasped her to
him, still inside of her, his body trembling with the last tremors of
his climax.

He raised his head and kissed her on her lips, his hand stroking her
cheek.  She groaned and opened her mouth, letting his tongue caress
hers, then let her body slide down to rest by his side.

"I think it's your turn again."  Sid said, putting a palm between her
breasts.  "I think it's time I got my nose wet, what do you think?"

"I think I'm the one who would rather be wet."  Dawn said, a sly look on
her face.

"Mmm.  I think you are already."  Sid's hand moved down to her sex to
check the veracity of his statement.

"Yes, but I can get wetter."  She laughed and then turned a furious red.
"Come see."  She bounded up from the bed and stood beside it, holding
her hands out to him.

"You're going to think I'm a pervert."  She whispered as he took her
into his arms.  "But you know what?"  She giggled and stood on her toes
to reach up to whisper in his ear.  "... I am."

She lead him into the bathroom, first turning on the light to flood the
room with glare, then finding the nightlight and turning it on, leaving
the room illumined only by its soft glow.

"Sid?"  Dawn's voice had sunk to a whisper again, and he came closer to
her to hear her.  "I want to ask you to do something."  She put her arms
around him and buried her face in his chest.  Her breathing was heavy;
she seemed highly aroused.  He wondered if it was the flush from his
explosive orgasm inside of her a few moments before, but for some reason
he felt that there was another note of tension, an expectancy.

"Anything."  He kissed the top of her head, his half-erect sex pressing
up against her.

"Okay..."  She gave him a sly smile.  "How about a nice hot shower
first?  I'll soap up your back-"

"Only if you let me soap up your front."  He ran a finger between her
breasts.

"Deal."

With an invitation like that, Sid could not do anything but play the
gentleman, and he let Dawn lead him, her hand wrapped firmly around his
lengthening erection, to the side of the tub.  She let her hand slide
deliciously down his length as her arms moved to her hips, pulling her
to him.  He kissed her and she laughed pulled away as he ran his hands
down her sides, knowing her ticklish spots.

She leaned over to turn on the faucet and he saw the pretty display of
the lips of her sex from behind, compressed between her thighs.  Her
skin was the shade of heavy cream, and the short curling hair between
her legs like shaved chocolate. It glistened with their mingled juices,
one milky droplet of his come running down the inside of her thigh.  His
cock gave a little kick as he contemplated the various wonders contained
therein.

She started the water, soothingly hot, the steam starting to fill the
bath as the water streamed from the shower head.  She gave a little
shriek and jumped in, and Sid noticed her breasts sway as she did so,
the shilling on its chain now hidden between them, now exposed.  He
laughed and followed her under the hot spray, watching the water run
over Dawn's body, beading on the coolness of her skin.

"Hang on a sec."  Dawn said, reaching for a washcloth.  She let the
water splash full on her face and then scrubbed at it with the cloth,
washing her makeup away, leaving her cheeks pink.  "Hey, don't I look a
fright with no makeup on?"  She smiled.

He drew her to him gently.  "No."  He ran his hands over the soft curves
of her body, his eyes searching her face.  "No, you look beautiful."  He
watched her smile fade and her eyes close as he lowered his head to
hers, and touched his lips to her own, the warm water washing down over
them.  Her breasts pressed against his chest and her arms held him
close, her mouth opening to his insistent tongue, feeling almost cool
compared to the steaming spray of the shower;  water ran in rivulets
from their chins and down to where their bodies pressed together.  Her
ran his fingers through the dripping strands of her hair.

"So."  He stroked her back as she lay her head on his chest, the feel of
her body warm against him, even under the fall of water.  "Just what is
this thing you want me to do?  You've got me curious now."

She squirmed against him.  "Well..."  She looked up at him, an enigmatic
smile on her face.  "It's something we talked about a long time ago."
She ran a finger in circles around one of his nipples, her gaze lowered
to watch as it traveled around the tiny knot of flesh.  "Something you
said that one day you'd like to try."

"You'll have to give me a hint."  He could feel her tense up against
him, but the smile was still on her face.  "I know it's got to be
something good."

She blushed and giggled, hiding her face in his chest.

"Okay,"  he laughed.  "So... show me."

"Well."  She switched her hips against him, rubbing the soft, curly hair
between her legs against him.  "Did you know..." she said teasingly, the
tip of her tongue peeking out from between her lips as she smiled, "that
sometimes I can come just from holding myself back from peeing?"  She
took his hand in hers and guided it between the lips of her cunt, hotter
even than the water beating down on them.  He felt the swollen nubbin of
her clitoris under his finger, and she shuddered when he dexterously
applied his attentions to it.  "See?  Just the thought of it is
incredibly exciting."

Sid reached up and angled the hot spray against the wall, out of their
eyes, and leaned Dawn against the warm fall of water as it splashed down
the tile.  "You just lean here, and think about how good it feels to
have all of that inside of you just begging to get out."  He hissed in
her ear, barely audible above the rush of waters.  His hand moved inside
her sex, circling her clitoris, teasing it, occasionally slipping down
just a millimeter to press against the tiny opening of her urethra,
almost hidden inside her inner lips.

Her hand found his throbbing cock and stroked it, pushing the foreskin
back gently, exposing the deep plum of the head;  the skin of the palm
of her hand was like warm, wet satin against its sensitive surface.  He
remembered their conversation about this long ago, the very one she had
mentioned;  even the thought of being here with her had aroused him
then, and the thought that she would be willing, even asking, to do this
for him now made his heart race, and his cock start to stiffen.

He could see the muscles of her abdomen contract with her effort to
remain standing, and to not let the muscles of her bladder go;  her grip
tightened as his fingers continued to caress her, urging her toward her
orgasm;  the rushing of the water and the hiss of his breath in her ear
seemed to make her struggle all the harder to retain all of the wine she
had drunk earlier.

"Mmm."  She said, her lips opening and her tongue flicking across them.
"If you don't stop that I'm going to come."  Her voice had dropped an
octave, and its husky rasp sent little shivers down Sid's spine.  He
redoubled his efforts on her clitoris, letting his index finger stroke
her urethra, making it burn.

She started to shudder, and the hand on his cock moved with slower and
slower strokes, more deliberate in its movements.  Her free hand rose to
her breasts and pinched a nipple;  he watched it rise and seem to pout,
as if sulking from lack of attention.

He saw her lean all of her weight against the wall, sliding down just
enough to make the lips of her sex open wide.  "I'm gonna come, you're
making me come!"  She said, gasping.

Sid moved his body up against hers, water washing down around her
shoulders and trickling down   between her breasts.  His fingers worked
frantically on her clit until he saw her bite her lower lip, hard;  she
gave a little cry and started to come, and as she did so she let go with
hot streams of pale yellow, washing over his hand as he teased her
orgasm out to great length, the heat of her body making it warmer, more
silky, than the water flowing from the shower down the wall and around
her.  The sight of her, the sound as she came and let her piss stream
down onto the back of his hand,  made his cock jut forward, demanding
attention.  It was if she had come in a flood, and it bathed him in its
heat, running in rivulets down his forearm, arcing from his elbow.

After a moment when her gasps had subsided and the flow from her
streaming cunt was done, she opened her eyes and smiled at him
lasciviously.

"Wow."  She laughed a bit breathlessly.  "That was... nice."   She
rubbed the back of her hand gently against him;  his half-erect cock
swayed under her hand.  "But... now it's my turn."

Dawn dropped to her knees,  the spray from the shower splashing against
the wall and throwing droplets onto her;  bright diamonds of water
trembled on the ends of her lashes are she looked up at him, her eyes
dark and glittering.  "This is what I wanted."   Her breathing was
steady but deep;  a flush covered her from her cheeks to her breasts.
She seemed to be struggling between lust and shyness for a moment, and
then she grasped his cock and inched forward, settling back on her heels
just inches from him.  "I want you to spray me with piss just like you
did with your come.  I want you to cover me with it.  I want you to
watch me as I drink it down."  She looked up at him, impatient, heated.

For a moment he hesitated, long inbred prohibitions against this sort of
play in his mind, and then he remembered the hot feel of her piss as it
ran down his arm, the look of ecstasy on her face as she came under his
hand and let it run freely out onto him, splashing over him,
surrendering herself to the pleasure.  He put a hand against the wall,
steadying himself, and then he felt the rush of heat move through him,
through his cock, arcing out into the air, spattering Dawn on her chin.
She moved his cock slightly with her hand, letting the stream run over
and between her breasts, one hand rubbing it into her skin;  her eyes
were closed, her head thrown back, her lips parted and moving slightly,
her whisper lost in the rush of the shower.  Suddenly she lowered her
head and angled his cock so that his piss splash directly across her
mouth, her tongue snaking out to lick at the drops of pale gold.  Her
free hand, dripping with his piss, moved between her legs and her
fingers slipped inside of her swollen cunt.  He groaned as he watched
her, the sound reverberating against the tile of the walls;  the burning
in his cock was furious, excruciating, a sharp stab of pleasure.  He
felt the pressure subside, and the burning start to fade;  Dawn took his
cock in her mouth greedily, sucking the last drops of his piss from him,
stroking his already hardening cock in and out of her mouth.  He grabbed
her hair and pulled her head away.

"Stand up."  He said roughly, bending down to slip a hand beneath her
arm, pulling her to her feet.  "Bend over."

She leaned forward, her hands resting flat on the sides of the tub, her
legs spread as far as the narrow space would allow.  Sid stood for a
moment and watched water spray across her back and run down her sides,
her thighs quivering as she waited for him to slide his cock into her.
He pushed against her opening and felt the silky slide of her pussy
around his cock, and then slipped deliciously into her into her cunt,
hot and engorged.  He could hear her breathing over the hiss of the
water;  he gripped her hips and pulled her body backward to meet each
stroke as he pushed the swollen head of his cock into her depths.  The
steam of the shower made the sweat bead on his forehead, trickling down
the side of his face.  He marveled at the feeling inside of him, the
urge to take her, to fill her with his come, to make her wholly his,
completely, irrevocably;  he had thought that it was impossible for him
to come again, not after the long, shuddering orgasms he had had, but he
felt it building inside of him, driven by the sight of her ass in front
of him, the heaving of her breath, her hoarse cries as her legs started
to tremble as she too neared orgasm.  He closed his eyes, thinking of
her writhing beneath him in the tumbled sheets of their bed, of her head
lowering over his cock as she pushed him into the hot wetness of her
mouth, the sight of her teasing her clit as she slid his erection to the
hilts inside her body, her breasts bobbing above him as she rode his
hardness.  She bore down upon him;  he could feel how close she was to
her own climax as she pushed back against him wildly, meeting every
stroke.  The thought of shooting his come deep inside of her, the
thought of how she had begged for him to spray her with his piss as she
had begged for his come, made him gasp and then shout out to her.

"Come with me."  He demanded, his voice hoarse and strained.  "I want to
feel you come when I come."  His voice trailed off as he felt her hand
bump up against the base of his cock;  she was crooning to him as she
fingered her clit.

"Oh god..." Her voice got louder as she felt his cock inside of her,
pulling on her clitoris as she teased it with her fingers.  "Oh yes...
I'm coming again.  Now, Sid, now!"

He felt her muscles contract, squeezing his cock, pulling at it, as if
she could draw his climax out of his body by sheer force.  He pulled out
of her, the head just at the opening of her spasming vagina, and then
pushed hard into the tightness, his sudden orgasm making his cock leap
inside of her, the force of it making him roar out with its strength.

He let his grip loosen on her and he pulled away, leaning against the
wall of the shower, his knees unsteady, breathing heavily.  She had
leaned up, her forehead against the wall, her palms flat on either side
of her face.  He could see her tremble.

"Good god."  She gasped out a little laugh.

He smiled and reached out for her and pulled her into his arms.  "If
this is what they call good clean fun, I'm all for it."   He reached
over to the little shelf and took down a bar of soap, lathering it up
between his hands.  "I think I could get used to this."  He ran the soap
over her back and massaged her shoulders.  "There's just one bad thing
about it, though."

"Hmm?"  She leaned back a bit and looked at him, a smile on her face.
"And just what is that, may I ask?"

He raised his soapy hands and wiggled his fingers at her.  "My skin is
getting wrinkled."

She laughed.


