Letters from WS  Pt.12

From Zeta
           Reproduced from "Wet Set" magazine by kind permission
           of the publishers.
           Wet Set, P O Box 392 Turramurra, NSW 2074, Australia.

Baby Joanne

I'd like to write from my own personal experiences of wetting. I
am a bedwetter, and just love the smell of wet sheets. Just
smelling a wet sheet or wet panties turns me on so much. I love
to rub my face into my mess in the mornings and if I have some
wet panties I put them over my head and breath deeply. I love to
wet my panties during the day and when I get home I sniff them
while rubbing myself to a huge orgasm. My bed sheets are still
wet when I get home at night, and the smell is just so exciting
I can hardly wait to jump into it and orgasm again.

Being a bedwetter led me to wear diapers at night and I am
hooked on them because they smell so good when they are wet!
Putting them back on again at night when they are smelly is a
delight. In the mornings I smell like a toilet but I reckon it's
better than any perfume.

I used to hide from relationships because of my wetting and my
love of it. After all, who would want to sleep with a diaper
wearing and bedwetfing girl? I have found that there are plenty!
Other bedwetters and adult babies have found their way here on
occasion, but only a few are willing to put their face into the
soaking sheets or diaper and breadi deeply. And few are willing
to wear already wet diapers.

Sex is definitely better when both partners (or more) are wet
and the bed is wet. Waking up lying next to an adult baby in
soaking baby clothes is fascinating, especially when I check his
diaper and he checks mine. Being screwed by a wet adult baby in
a wet bed is an excellent way to start the day. I hope you have
other letters from people who love to sniff wet beds, panties
and diapers.

***

From: Glenn, New York

My name is Glenn, and I've just finished reading your letter and
ad in the latest issue of Nugget. I too find pants wetting a
great turn on, and I am always on the lookout for accident
situations such as at amusement parks and football games, and
just recently found a local stock car racing track to provide an
opportunity to catch someone accidentally pee her pants.

I had never wet my pants on purpose until a few years ago when I
started going with Lynn. She was a gorgeous little brunette I
had met through a friend. Anyway, we had made plans to go out
for dinner one Friday night, and because I only worked a half
day that day I decided to go over to her place early and maybe
have a couple of drinks before going out. When I got to Lynn's
place she wasn't home from work yet because, as I found out
later, she and a couple of other girls in the office went out to
a bar after work.

I waited around for a while and pretty soon she came driving
into the parking lot, and pulled her red Mustang into the
carport next to her apartment. She didn't get out of the car
right away, and as I walked up to it she looked at me with a
funny look on her face and told me kind of sheepishly that she
had had an accident on the way home. So as I looked up and down
the side of her car not noticing any damage, she said that she
had to go to the bathroom so bad on the way home that she
couldn't hold it any more and ended up pissing her pants. Sure
enough, when I looked into the car there was a large wet area
around her crotch.

I can remember getting so turned on that I was shaking as she
got out of the car. I followed her into the apartment as I
stared at her wet butt encased in a tight pair of tan corduroy
pants which were soaked from her belt loops almost to her knees.
She told me she was really embarrassed. I then admitted to her
that it really turned me on, and gave her a few smacks on her
wet behind. Lynn enjoyed getting spanked, and it always led to
great sex, and this time was by no means any different. We did
end up going out to dinner that night, but much later than we
expected. The wet pants conversation we had at the restaurant
didn't do much for my appetite because I was too turned on to
want to eat anything.

After dinner we went across the street to a bar and had a few
more beers before heading back to her place. On the way home
Lynn said she had to pee again and wanted to go in her pants,
but only if I would too. I readily agreed. So when we both were
straining to hold it we went down to the laundry room, and while
facing each other we proceeded to wet ourselves. At first I
didn't think that I would be able to just freely go in my jeans,
but soon realised that it was very easy. That warm flood of pee
spreading over the front of my pants and down my legs was quite
erotic as I watched Lynn do the same.

From that day on our preoccupation with pants wetting became
more and more varied. Lynn had quite an imagination and used it
regularly in different places and situations. Because we engaged
in this game quite often I could go on here for ages, but this
is just an example of one day over a period of time. By the way,
I have a couple of good diaper stories I can relate that involve
Lynn as well as another girl.

I'd be very interested in your newsletter and could contribute
some situations that have happened that I'm sure would be of
interest to anyone liking this kind of activity.
