ACTUALLY DEMUFFINING A DISK: Using Castle Wolfenstein as an
example. (I used this because it is the only thing that I that
have that wasn't cracked!)

 1) Boot up Castle Wolfenstein.  Before the cursor appears press
    CTRL-C. The one character buffer in the keyboard will
    remember it and when DOS asks for a character it will give
    the CTRL-C. The CTRL-C will cause Castle Wolfenstein's hello
    program to break into BASIC after it is loaded.

 2) Enter the monitor with "CALL-151". Enter "4000<B800.BFFFM"
    this will move MUSE's RWTS down to a "safe" area of memory.

 3) Insert a "slave" disk in drive one and boot the disk with
    6 CTRL-P (If your disk drive is in slot 6 of course).  Press
    RESET when the prompt (]) appears.  This will prevent your
    "hello" program from erasing MUSE's DOS.

 4) Insert a disk with at least 10 free sectors on it.  Save out
    the RWTS with "BSAVE MUSE-RWTS,A$4000,L$800".

 5) Brun Advanced Demuffin.  Move the light bar to "LOAD A NEW
    RWTS MODULE" and press RETURN.

 6) Type the page number to load the RWTS at ($B8).  Then type
    the file name that you saved it under and press RETURN.

 7) Move the light bar to "CONVERT DISK" and press RETURN.  You
    do want to change default values.

 8) The disk is a thirteen sector disk, so enter a "3" for
    the question "SECTORS PER TRACK? (13/16)".

 9) You want to copy from track $03,sector $00 to track $22,
    sector $0c.  The increment is $1. (you are copying from track
    $03 because you don't need MUSE's DOS.)

10) You might encounter some errors, so use "1""as the number or
    retries.

11) If you have two drives in the same slot, enter a "2" for
    drive to copied to.

12) If you only have one drive, enter a "1" for drive to be
    copied to.

13) Insert the proper disk(s) when Advanced Demuffin prompts you.


Advanced Demuffin will then start converting the disk.  After the
disk has been converted, and Advanced Demuffin displays this
message "PRESS ANY KEY TO CONTINUE", you should write down all
the sectors that read errors on them.  If you have a printer, all
you have to do is press the slot number of the printer, and
Advanced Demuffin will dump the screen to the printer.

You should then re-convert the sectors that had read errors (use
at least 2-retries).  If those sectors don't convert this time,
they are probably just un-written DOS 3.2 sectors.

Use Super Copy III or Master Create to copy dos on to the target
disk.  You should then rename the "hello" program from ^HELLO to
HELLO.

You should then have (hopefully) a cracked copy of Castle
Wolfenstein!


