Lost Treasures of Infocom 

     M i n i  M a n u a l


     The Lost Treasures of Infocom ("LTI") was, originally, released by Activision for PC in two sets: Lost Treasures of Infocom and Lost Treasures of Infocom II. The Big Red Computer Club licensed a couple of interpreters and obtained the right to sell an Apple IIgs version of the first Lost Treasures collection.

     Priced at $59.95 (for 1.25MB IIgs running GSOS 5.04 or later), LTI-1/gs is on three 3.5" diskettes. Contrary to on-box info, the set includes 19, not 20, games. The IIgs Reference Card (the yellow 'card' in the box) explains that Zork Zero is not runnable in this set because it requires a special interpreter which Big Red did not license.

     The LTI-2 collection of eleven adventures was not released for Apple II. Happily, it is only necessary to move the 'game' file from PC to GS (e.g. via NULL modem) and set correct file type information in order to run an LTI-2 adventure using one of the two LTI-1/gs interpreters.  (If you are wondering why a PC user would bother, it can only mean that you have not had a chance to compare playing the adventures on the two platforms. Play is _much_ better on a GS.)

     Both LTI collections include complete documentation; however, with the exception of maps and a few other papers, this is chiefly in the form of B/W reproductions in a large manual. You do not, for example, get such goodies as Sorcerer's "Infotator" or the "miniature space fleet" of Hitchhiker's Guide'. On the other hand, LTI-1 does include a good Hint Book covering the games in the collection. (LTI-2 does not include a Hint Book.)

     To play a game, you start one of the 2 executable interpreter files. LOST1.SYS16 is the "Standard Interpreter"; LOST2.SYS16 is the "Advanced Interpreter":

Standard Interpreter ("SI"): Game text appears in the standard desktop window with scrollbars and options to select fonts. Saved games include the 8K window display buffer (i.e. stuff you can scroll through at time of a save will be available when the saved game is restored).

Advanced Interpreter ("AI"): Game text is in 'text mode' with no font options and no scrollbar.  This interpreter allows "switching games" without need to quit and reload program. The Advanced Interpreter does not save a text buffer and, when loading a game saved under the SI, it ignores text buffer information.

     When you start an interpreter directly (e.g. by double clicking on its icon), it shows the LTI title screen and then lists the games it finds in the current folder which you can run via the interpreter. For the AI, this could include all of the adventures. Most players prefer the SI; however, it cannot run all of the games.

     Games saved running one interpreter may be restored and played using the other so long as the game is playable on the selected interpreter.



Lost Treasures' II on the IIgs

     As noted earlier, it is possible to move the LTI-2 games from PC and play them on your IIgs. Once on the IIgs (e.g. on hard disk) all that is necessary is to set the filetype and subtype for each game using a utility like the new desk accessory named "File Manager".

     Correct filetype is $F5 for all LTI-1 and LTI-2 adventures.

     With two exceptions all of the LTI-1 games have subtype $8003. The two exceptions are ...

Beyond Zork-	$8005
Hitchhiker's- 	$8005.


LTI-2 subtypes are ...

AMFV-       	$8005
Border Zone- 	$8005
Bureaucracy- 	$8005
Cutthroats- 	$8003
Hollywood-   	$8005
Nord & Bert- 	$8005
Plundered-  	$8003
SeaStalker-  	$8003
Sherlock-    	$8005
Trinity-    	$8005
Wishbringer- 	$8003.


     For example, after the PC-to-GS transfer, Wishbringer might show up as a binary type file on the GSOS Finder. Using File Manager or some similar utility, you would change file Type to $F5 and Subtype to $8003. You could, then, play Wishbringer on the GS.

     The SI can run all games with subtype $8003 but not games with subtype $8005. The AI can run all of the games.



Installation on Hard Disk

Note: Programs use resources; so, copying via the normal GSOS desktop with Preferences set to Save Finder Information is recommended.

     1. create a folder (such as "Infocom") for your Infocom games
        and interpreters
     2. copy interpreter files LOST1.SYS16 and LOST2.SYS16 to the 
        folder
     3. copy Game files (e.g. those files with names like "Deadline",
       "Starcrossed", etc.) to the folder



Infocom Icons (in file InfocomIcons.shk)

     When you want to play one of Infocom adventures using a Lost Treasures interpreter, a nice convenience is being able to start a game by just clicking on its icon. The two game icons in the Infocom.icons file descriminate adventures according to subtype. Games runnable via the Standard Interpreter ( LOST1.SYS16) show with a green "I"; those runnable only under the Advanced Interpreter ( LOST2.SYS16) have a purple "I".

     Clicking a game's "I" icon automatically launches the associated interpreter and starts the adventure .

     To use the icons, edit the "application pathname" part of each icon's attributes using an icon editor like Icon Ed. Change the "volname" part of the pathname to the name of the volume on which the games reside. The rest of the pathname assumes the interpreters are in a folder named "infocom" located in the volume's main directory. Modify this if your setup is different. Save Infocom.Icons in the ICONS folder on the system disk you boot to play the games.



Where to Start?

     If you're new to Infocom text adventuring, then, coming suddenly upon so many choices may, itself, be daunting. You could start at the beginning, with Zork, in a forest clearing near the legendary small white house, and continue on to Zork II and Zork III. Or, you might begin with the best of Zorkian questing at Enchanter. On the other hand, a newbie to text adventures might want to start with Wishbringer.

     Of course, 'Infocoms' can take you to many realms. Sci-fi fans may want to start with Planetfall. Other excellent choices include Plundered Hearts-- you're a damsel thrust amongst a crew of pirates-- and Infidel, which sends you into a puzzle-laden pyramid.

     Today, companies like SSI and Origin continue to 'create worlds' wrapped in SVGA color and wave-table audio. Part of the unique fun of Infocom adventuring is that your input is just text plus, sometimes, a map, letter, info wheel, or similar item. The characters, scenery, and sounds 'happen' in your head.


Rubywand, 1997
