Archive-name: Bondage/abduct1.txt
Archive-author: The Writer
Archive-title: Abduction, The - 1


It was late at night, when I took my position in her van in the parking
garage. I had been watching this one beautiful woman that worked in an
office upstairs. She was a lawyer for a large firm, and always wore a
no nonsense business suit. Her looks had turned me on the first time I
had seen her. I had delivered a box to the office, and saw her as she
was talking to some men. She started a fire in my balls, and I knew
that I would possess her to the fullest. Today, while checking her out
further, I overheard her say to someone, that she was going to be away
at a cabin in the mountains for a week. A week of no phones, no
neighbors, and no people. This sounded like a gift straight to me, so
there I was waiting for her to appear.

It was after 9PM when the elevator doors opened and there she was. The
garage was deserted as she walked towards her van. Not a standard van
either! This was one of those large Vans that was all set up like a
house on wheels! It had a table and some nice chairs bolted to the
floor. But now, it was full of boxes of food, drinks, and all the stuff
a woman has when she is going to be away for a week. I had no trouble
hiding in the back. She got in and didn't even look around. As we
started off, I settled down for what might be a long drive.

And a long drive it was. Nearly 3 hours before the bumping around told
me that we were getting close. Another 30 minutes, and the van stopped.
It was full dark now, and I heard her get out. I peeked out the window
and saw her walking towards the door of a large log cabin. The windows
were all dark, but lights came on after she entered. I quickly got out
of the van and hid in some bushes near the door. She returned and
started to unload the van. I waited until she had everything inside,
and then looked thru a window. She was there unpacking a few items.  I
watched her make a drink and then go to another room. At another window
I saw that she was in a bedroom. She started to undress. First slipping
out of her blouse. Her large breasts were still confined by her bra,
but looked even bigger than when she was dressed. Next came her bra. As
her breasts came free, I could see her nipples sticking out. They were
enormous. She ran her hands around and over them, and my cock throbbed
with desire. Then her pants, and finally her panties. As she stepped
out of her panties, I saw her black thatch. It looked good enough to
eat........ and I would!

She went into another room that I saw was the bathroom, and I heard
water running. She was going to take a bath! Well, that would fit my
plans just perfect. As she got into the tub, I left for the door. I
tried the knob, and the stupid bitch hadn't even locked it! Easing it
open, I entered and tip toed to her bedroom. Since there was only one
door, and the bed was near it, I waited while she went about her bath.
Soon I heard her get out of the tub and a smile crossed my face as I
knew that she was in for a shock.

As she came into the bedroom, she had the towel over her face as she
was drying her long hair. She was only about 4 feet from me, when she
removed the towel and saw me sitting there.

She jumped back like I was a coiled rattlesnake and a loud scream came
from her. I just sat there watching her. She kept looking between me
and the door, and I knew she was going to make a try for it. Sure
enough, she bolted to the door. I grabbed her by the hair and jerked
hard enough to snatch her back and onto the floor. She tried to cover
up a bit, but she had too much to cover. She crawled to the wall, and I
followed her. She whimpered a bit about not hurting her when I reached
down and grabbed her wrist. I pulled her to her feet. One hand held her
by the hair while I kissed her hard on her red lips. I wanted to fuck
her right away, but I knew that I had all week ahead of me. I would
enjoy her completely before the week was done. I held her breast in my
hand, and the nipple between my thumb and finger. I pinched it rather
hard, and tho she winced, she didn't scream. This woman had
possibilities!

Still holding her wrist, I dragged her out to the main room. In a
suitcase there, I found some red scarves and used these to tie her
wrists behind her back. I shoved her into a large chair while I looked
thru the other things. Among the sacks and boxes were enough food and
drink to last the week for both of us. But when I found a small luggage
case, I saw her eyes get bigger. When I opened it up, I saw why! Inside
were a whole bunch of sex toys! There were 4 dildos, a couple of small
butt plugs, some nipple clips, a set of four leather cuffs, a soft
rubber ball with a strap running thru it, and a large roll of some kind
of soft rope. With a wicked smile, I took two of the cuffs, and
fastened them on her ankles. Then tied the cuffs to each leg of the
chair. This spread her legs nicely and left her pussy open to view. The
other pair of cuffs, I put on her wrists then tied them behind the
chair back. She was truly immobilized now and I wouldn't have to worry
about her getting away. I let my hand slide across her breasts, and
down to her pussy. Her hair there was wet, but it might have been from
the bath. My finger slipped into her so easily that I knew it was not
from the bath! This bitch was getting hot from being tied up! Damn! I
walked around the cabin to get an idea of the layout. Besides the
bedroom and the main room, there was a kitchen, and a storage room. The
storage room had a bunch of junk in it that looked like leftover
furniture or gym equipment.  something that looked like a vaulting
horse, and some weights.

When I returned to the main room, she was still in the chair, but she
had moved it a bit towards the door. I went in from of her, and told
her that I didn't appreciate her trying to get away. I reached down and
grabbed a nipple in each hand.  Looking her in the eyes, I began to
pinch and twist them. It took quite a bit until she started to yell.
When I stopped, she had gotten the idea. But just in case, I told her.
Any attempt to get away or to do ANYTHING I didn't like would be
rewarded with pain! I pulled the chair with her in over to the kitchen
table. As I made something to eat, I watched her. Her eyes went all
over the room looking for something to help her get away. I sat in
front of her and ate. Finishing up, I untied her and led her to the bed
room. Once there, I tied her wrist cuffs to the headboard of the bed.
As she lay on her back, she looked even more defenseless and desirable.
My cock was throbbing from desire for her. I removed my clothes, and
when my cock sprang into view, I saw her lick her lips almost in
fright. I crawled on bed between her legs, and started to lick her
pussy. It only took a moment of this before she was very wet again! A
few more minutes of licking and sucking at her clit brought forth a
soft moan. I moved up to her breasts and sucked on the nipples. This
made her even more aroused. As I rested on my hands, my dick was poised
at the entrance to her cunt. I pushed forward just a bit and the head
of my cock slipped just inside her. Looking in her eyes, I suddenly
slammed into her! I rammed as deep as possible!  In one stroke, I had
buried my cock all the way in her wet hot pussy! As I did this, Her
eyes got larger, and she moaned. I started to stroke in and out of her.
Her cunt made wet squishing noises each time I plunged in! Her head
started to go snap from side to side. Soon, her legs were wrapped
around my waist, and she was bucking as hard as I was. With a last deep
thrust, I started to flood her cunt with my cum. Each spurt seemed to
last forever! She was cumming too! Her pussy seemed to snap at my dick
and milked even more cum out of it. At long last it was over. As I
looked at her, I thought that this was going to be a week to remember!
I rolled off of her, and smiled. Her eyes opened and she started to
cuss me out! Such language! She was calling me every name in the book!
Feeling a bit upset, I reached over and backhanded her across both
breasts! That shut her up a bit.

It had been a long day and I was tired. But what to do with her while I
was asleep. hmmmmm..... I ended up by letting her go to the bathroom
and getting cleaned up. and then I remembered the vaulting horse in the
storage room. I brought it and her into the bed room. I made sure that
the horse could not be moved, and placed it next to the bed. I bent her
over it, and tied her cuffs to each leg of the horse. Now I could sleep
without worrying that she would get away. As I walked by her on the way
to bed, she again cussed me a bit. Taking my belt, I gave her upturned
ass a few hefty smacks! Only about 8 or 10 strokes and her ass was
bright red. I saw that her pussy was wet again from this, but when I
touched her asshole, she tried to move away. Well, I thought, tomorrow
is another day.



DAY TWO -------

I awoke refreshed and a bit horny as I do every morning.  Looking to
the side, I saw her still bent over the horse, and asleep. I got up and
went over and let my hands roam over her body. When I played with her
nipples, she moaned even in her sleep. From behind, I could see her
pussy was wide open, but not really wet tho. so deciding to awaken her,
I gave her a couple of swats with the belt again. She woke up with a
scream! A few more hard strokes and her ass was turning red again!
Stopping for a minute, I played with her pussy and cunt. All too soon,
she was wet once more. Standing behind her, I entered her cunt.  Her
pussy was just the right height for my cock to slip into her. It only
took a few strokes and she was responding! But then this was for my
pleasure and not hers! I slapped her ass a few times, but this seemed
to make her hotter. I continued to plunge in and out of her, until with
a rush, I started to cum again. I hosed her lovely pussy with my cum
and soon felt drained. She was still moving as best she could, which
wasn't much! She was close to cumming, but hadn't yet. Pulling out of
her, I walked around in front. Patting her on the cheek, I left the
room. I was gone almost and hour when I returned and let her free. I
led her to the bathroom, and told her to get cleaned up. While I had
been gone, I had closed the heavy wood shutters from the outside, and
nailed them shut. There was no way she could escape by a window now. I
had also put a hasp on the doors and locked them. This cabin would be
her cell until I decided to let her out. I heard her try the window,
but knew she wouldn't get away so I continued to make some breakfast.

When I heard the water stop, I waited a few minutes and then called to
her to come here. She didn't come, so I had to go get her. I found her
trying to push open the shutters and grabbed her by her hair.

"Now listen bitch!", I said. "You come whenever I call and do whatever
I want when I want it! For trying to get away, you've earned yourself
some more pain!"

Dragging her back to the horse, I bent her over it and started to whip
her ass with the belt again. This time I didn't stop until her ass was
bright red, and tears were running down her face. I stood her up, and
grabbed hold of a nipple. Using this as a handle, I pulled her into the
kitchen. I made her sit in the chair facing me, and picked up my
coffee. She started to ask something, but I interrupted her.

"When you address me, you will say Sir or Master." I said.

I could see that this didn't go well with her but she started again.
"Sir, I am very hungry and thirsty. May I have some breakfast?"

"Now that's better! Oh course you may have some breakfast. You may move
around and make whatever you wish."

She got up and moved around the kitchen making breakfast for herself.
As she sat down, I told her what I expected.

"Now then. Each morning from now on, you will make breakfast for the
both of us. You will ask what to make, and then make it. If you do
well, then a reward will be given to you, otherwise, more punishment."

She just nodded. "What are you to say???"

She swallowed quickly, and said "Yes Sir, I will. May I get dressed
after breakfast?"

"After you have cleaned up the kitchen, I will select some things for
you to wear."

An hour later, when the kitchen was clean, I led her to the bedroom. I
brought her suitcases with me, and looked thru them. I had her put on a
blouse that was buttoned up the front, and some socks. A picked up a
pair of blue jeans and could see that they would be very tight on her.
Leaving her there for a moment, I got a fair sized dildo from the other
bag. I had her spread her legs, and then pushed it up her pussy!. Then
had her put on the blue jeans. It was a lot of work for her to do that,
but she got them on and zipped up. The jeans held the base of the dildo
completely inside her cunt. I made her keep the leather cuffs on her
wrists and ankles, and also put a red scarf around her neck. I tied it
in a strong knot that wouldn't slip.  Then taking a length of the soft
rope, I fastened it to the scarf. Now I could lead her around on a
leash. I reached in the case once again and got the nipple clips and
put them in my pocket. I jerked on the rope and made her follow me.
After unlocking the door, I lead her out for a walk. We walked down a
trail and around the area. After about an hour, She complained that she
was getting tired. I stopped in a grassy place under a tree and sat
down. She had been quiet so far, but now she started to talk. She tried
to scare me by saying that I would get caught, and go to jail, but I
just let her ramble on. When she stopped, I Turned her around, and
using a piece of rope, I tied her wrist cuffs together behind her back.
Then turning her around again, I opened her blouse and pushed it off
her shoulders.

Her nipples were standing up so I got out the clips! I noticed that
these clips had a spring in them, and also a small screw that could
tighten them even more. There was a chain between the clips.I put one
on her nipple, and then began to tighten the screw. It only took a few
turns to get a response from her. then the same with the other clip. I
unfastened the rope from her neck and tied it to the chain between the
nipple clips. Now when I pulled on the rope, it pulled her nipples. I
jerked the rope a couple of times, and saw her wince each time.
Getting to my feet, I lead her back towards the cabin. About a hundred
yards short of the cabin, I had her sit on the ground. I removed her
shoes and socks and then get back up. This time, I lead her between
trees, over branches, and finally across the gravel drive to the cabin.
At one point I thought she would stop, but a few jerks on the rope and
she came along. Once inside with the door locked, I removed the clips.
I took each nipple and sucked on it. I played with the nipple with my
tongue and nibbled around the breast. I worked her jeans off, and
removed the dildo from her pussy. I noticed that her pussy was
extremely wet! This woman must get off from pain I thought.

Meanwhile, My cock had gotten hard again. I released her hands, and had
her sit in the large chair. I told her to play with herself, but not to
cum. I sat on the couch and watched her. At first she was hesitant to
do much, but after a bit, I could see that she was getting aroused. Her
finger went in circles around her clit and pussy lips. Back and forth,
back and forth. every now and then slipping inside her pussy. I saw her
face was getting flushed and my dick was hungry for her too. I stopped
her, and led her to the bedroom. Once there, I removed my clothes and
lay on my back on the bed. I had her sit on top and slide her pussy
down onto my dick! It was so hot and tight I could have cum with no
trouble at all. She bounced up and down on it. When I was getting
close, I had her stop. I attached the nipple clips again but this time
they made her moan as I tightened them. Once they were on as tight as I
dared, I had her turn around so her back was towards me. I handed her a
dildo, and told her to put it in her pussy! Once there, I lifted her up
a bit, And guided my cock at her asshole. When she felt it poking at
her ass, she tried to move away. But a few jerks on the nipple clips
stopped that. But still she wouldn't let herself down on my dick! When
I tried to pull her down, she twisted and avoided my dick. Getting mad,
I pushed her off the bed, and jumped up. I grabbed her by the hair, and
forced her over the vaulting horse beside the bed. I quickly tied her
hands to the legs of the horse, and started to whip her ass again!
This time I struck her ass as hard as I could. Welts quickly formed,
and her ass was fiery red! I stepped between her legs, and poked the
head of my dick at her asshole once more. Holding her hips with each
hand, I pulled myself into her ass! At first, only a little bit slipped
in. And she yowled in pain! I kept pulling and a bit more was forced
in. Her yowl turned to a scream and she tried to get away! As more and
more of my prick disappeared into her ass, her screams tapered off.
With a last hard thrust, I was all the way up her ass! I stopped there,
and reached down and wiggled the dildo in her pussy. As I did that, she
moved her hips a bit. I continued to wiggle the dildo without moving my
hips. After a bit, I slowly pulled out of her ass until only the head
was still in. Then again pushing in her.  after about 10 strokes of
this, her yowls had turned to moans, and I speeded up. Quickly I was
humping her ass for all I was worth! She was moaning constantly now,
and almost ready to cum.  I reached around her and grabbed the chain to
the nipple clips.  as I pulled on them, she bucked as hard as she could
and started to cum! I could feel her ass muscles tightening on my cock
with her spasms, and I only stroked into her a couple of more times
before I started to cum. As I felt the first spurt starting, I screwed
as deep into her ass as possible! As the cum spurted from my dick, it
caused her to cum again! A few more jerks on her nipple clip chain and
she was cumming once more! This woman was unbelievable! All too soon, I
had finished spurting my load of cum inside her. As I pulled out of
her, her asshole stayed open for a few seconds. I quickly slipped the
dildo from her pussy to her ass and pushed it in as far as it would go!
I then released her from the horse and let her fall back on the bed. I
tied her wrists to the headboard, and left to clean up and relax.

This was going to be a great day and it was only 2 pm so far with lots
of time to go.

As I was drying off, I walked back towards the bedroom.  Just at the
door, I heard the crunch of tires on gravel from outside. I raced to
the window, and saw a small blue car pulling up. I reached into the
case, and grabbed the ball from it. Into the bedroom, and forced the
ball between her lips and into her mouth. I tied it securely in place
as I heard steps approaching the door.

Quickly pulling on some pants, I went to the door. When I opened it, I
saw lovely young woman standing there. She looked as surprised to see
me as I was to see her! We looked at each other for a moment, then both
tried to talk at the same time. I let her go first. She said that she
thought that this was Cathy 's cabin and that she was going to meet her
here. Now the food and drink enough for 2 people made sense. I told her
that Cathy was out walking in the forest, but that I was a friend that
she had invited over. I asked her in, knowing that the ball gag would
keep Cathy quiet. She brought in a suitcase and another small luggage
case. I had her sit down, and offered her a drink.  She agreed to a
martini, and I fixed it all the time wondering if I dared to grab her
too. Her name was Linda and she was a knockout too. Brown hair, green
eyes, and a figure that looked perfect. As she drank her martini, she
wandered around the cabin. She looked out the door for Cathy to return,
and then back to her chair. Her eyes seemed to examine me like a
doctors.  She smiled as her eyes centered on my crotch. I was getting
hard again from the excitement of another beautiful woman. I took her
luggage into the bedroom where Cathy was secured. Cathy 's eyes seemed
to show fright as I looked at her. She made some kind of sound, but the
ball gag stopped it. I opened Linda 's case out of curiosity, and was
not too surprised to find some more sex toys. Coiled up among them was
2 black whips that were a surprise tho. There was a set of sliver
handcuffs there that I slipped into my pocket.Closing the case quickly,
I returned to the main room.  Linda was over by the door looking out.
As I came close, she handed me her glass, and said that she wanted to
freshen up. She walked towards the bedroom door, and I followed close
as if I was heading to the kitchen. She opened the door and took a step
in before she really saw what was in there. I stepped inside and shut
the door behind me. I saw her eyes widen as she looked at Cathy on the
bed. Before she could begin to do anything, I grabbed her hands and
fastened the handcuffs on them. She started to yell and cuss at me, but
quickly stopped when I slapped her face. I pushed her over to a chair
and made her sit down. As I sat on the bed, I watched her face. At
first there was a look of fear, and then one of satisfaction, and
lastly a small smile on her lips. She looked at Cathy on the bed, and
back to me.

"Now this is a change. Usually I am the one that does the tieing not
the one tied. I see that you and Cathy have been having fun."

 "What is this?" I said. "Are you trying to tell me that you and Cathy
usually play these sex games between yourselves?"

"Why of course." She said. "Both of us are submissives, but once in a
while we meet here and take turns being the Master. It is not as much
fun, but we relax and enjoy it. You look like someone that can use a
strong hand." With that there was a catty smile on her face.

Making sure that Linda could not slip out the door, I moved aside and
undid Cathy 's ball gag. "Is this true?" I asked her. "Do you and Linda
like to be dominated?"

At first she looked a little embarrassed, but then replied. "Yes we do
like to be dominated a bit."

"HAH!" said Linda. "She loves it! And the harder the better. I am
usually the one that plays Master cause she loves to be forced into
sex. You must have noticed that by now!"

I moved next to Linda and unlocked the handcuffs. "If you like it this
way, then you know the correct position to assume." I said. I wanted to
check these two out before I made up my mind. Cathy had seemed to get
turned on by rough handling tho.

Linda quickly dropped to her knees on the floor and sat back on her
heels. she spread her legs as far as her skirt would allow and her arms
were crossed behind her back. Her head was bowed with her chin on her
chest. In this position, the material across her breasts was pulled
tight and I could see that she was not wearing a bra, and that her
nipples were standing out.  Deciding to take a chance, I released Cathy
from the headboard, and she quickly went beside Linda and got into the
same position.

This was a dream come true! Two beautiful woman willing to be my slaves
for a week! I felt that I had died and gone to heaven. I told Linda to
get undressed. She stood up, and started on her blouse. As it came
free, her breasts were as good or better than Cathy 's! The skirt came
next and her black thatch showed thru her white panties. As she stepped
out of her panties, I saw that her pussy was glistening with moisture.
As soon as she was naked, she dropped back to the floor and went into
the same position.

"Are there any other people coming up this week?" I wanted to know.

"No Master." Cathy replied. "We don't know all that many people that we
would trust here. Slave Linda is an executive with a bank, and I am a
partner in a large law firm. If anyone found out about our likes, we
would lose everything."

"Why didn't you say something about this earlier to me." I asked
Cathy.

"I was enjoying it Master, and I was still a bit afraid that you would
discover our secret. I thought that when slave Linda showed up, you
might leave and never know."

"What is your favorite way of being fucked?" I asked.

"Master," Said Linda. "I like all kinds as long as it is hard. But
slave Cathy only likes to it when she is forced and it combines pain
with it. That's why I am usually the one that plays as the dominate
one."

"Is this true slave Cathy?"

"Yes Master." She replied in a very soft voice. "I don't understand
why, but pain increases my pleasure."

"Well then, slave Cathy get over the horse there, and grab your
ankles." I ordered. Once she was there, I took my belt and gave her a
couple of hard slaps with it. She didn't make a sound. "Slave Linda,
get a whip for her ass. and whichever one you pick, the other will be
used on your ass!"

Linda went to her case and returned with a short whip that ended in 6
or 7 ends. Deciding to watch for a minute, I told Linda to begin
whipping her. As she moved next to the horse, I started to get
undressed. By the time I had removed my pants, Linda had laid into
Cathy 's upturned ass with a vengeance! Her ass was bright red, and
criss crossed with thin welts. Cathy still had not made a sound tho. I
took the whip, and started to work on her ass. After a few strokes, I
started to moved down her legs. Soon not only was her ass welted, but
the back of her legs were too. By working on her legs, Cathy started to
respond. Soft cries escaped her lips, and her hands almost let go a
couple of times.

I told Linda to get on the bed on her back. Then I had Cathy lay on her
stomach between Linda 's legs and lick her. I watched for a minute,
then whipped her ass some more. Just a few licks. I stopped and went to
the case and got out the largest butt plug there. I had Linda lick it
until it was good and wet, then started to push it into Cathy 's
asshole. Cathy did not like that, but had no choice! It went in slowly.
a little bit at a time. I knew that she was clenching her ass to
prevent it, but just pushed harder. When it was all the way in, I
picked up the whip again. Linda was now moaning and holding Cathy 's
head against her pussy. This time as I brought the whip down, it was
much gentler. But I made sure that every stroke hit the end of the butt
plug. Linda was about to cum when I stopped, and lifted Cathy 's ass. I
pushed my cock deep into Cathy pussy! Now every time I lunged forward,
my hips bumped against the butt plug in Cathy 's asshole, and Cathy 's
face and tongue were mashed against Linda 's cunt. My strokes had
brought Cathy close to cuming also, and was moaning around the pussy in
her face.  Watching these two had really turned me on! It only took a
few strokes, and I was slamming into her as deep and as hard as I
could. Both slaves were moaning and close to cumming! With a powerful
lunge, I slammed deep into her cunt, and started to shoot my load of
cum deep into her! Just then, both slaves started to cum. All three of
us were cumming at the same time.

When the last spurt had been shot into her pussy, I rolled off of her,
and told them to clean up my dick. Both of them quickly moved around
and started to lick me clean. Then I had Linda clean up Cathy 's pussy
with her tongue. Cathy was getting hot all over by the time Linda was
done. After this, I needed a drink, and some rest, but an idea came to
me. I had the girls stand up by the bed while I went to the case and
found a set of 2 nipple clips that were connected by a chain. I snapped
on clip on Linda 's right nipple, and the other clip on Cathy 's left
nipple. I told them that they were to remain that way, until I decided
to let them free. I told them to follow me and I went out to the main
room and sat down. I told them to fix me a drink, and one for each of
them. when they had returned I had them resume their kneeling position
on the floor, but allowed them to drink.

As I sat there looking at these two beautiful and desirable slaves, I
wondered who would be too exhausted to move by the end of the week. I
had a feeling that it would be me!

 By now it was getting dark out, and I had them make dinner for us. I
don't know which one was the cook, but the food was delicious! By 9 PM,
we were all a bit tired, and I suggested that we go to bed. I had
released the clips by then, and had one slave on each side of me as I
drifted off to sleep.



DAY THREE ---------

I woke slowly and noticed the smell of bacon cooking. I just lay there
with my eyes closed, enjoying the feeling and remembering yesterday. My
nose itched and I went to scratch it but couldn't! My eyes snapped
open, and I saw I was tied to the bed! What the hell was this? I pulled
as hard as I could, but the ropes held. I hollered at them and Cathy
came into the room with a large smile on her face.

"I see that you are finally awake." She said. "We decided that it would
be only fair if the tables were turned a bit. so today you are going to
be OUR slave!"

"Like HELL I will!!" I yelled. "Get this damned rope off me RIGHT NOW!"

"Now that's no way for a good slave to talk." She said as she walked
further into the room. She picked up a different whip than I had seen
before. It was smaller, and had only 3 tips on it. "If you keep on with
your language, then we will have to change your mind!" With that she
swung the whip towards my dick!

I had awakened with a large hard on, and the whip snapped against it!

"AAAIIIIEEEEEEE!!!!!" I yelled! That HURT! Damn! What was going on
here. Another stroke, then another! Each one brought a scream of pain
from me. She stopped and looked at me.  Then said.....

"We agreed that tomorrow morning we would be your slaves once again,
but today you are ours! So get used to the idea. If you are good, we
may feed you."

Thinking fast, I decided that I didn't want that damned whip going
again so I agreed with her. "OK, OK!" I said. "Have your fun, and
tomorrow I'll repay you in spades!"

"That's sort of what we were looking forward to. But you must be
reminded to call us MISTRESS!" With that another lash at my raging hard
on!

"YYYIIIEEEEEEE!!" I yelled! "Yes Mistress Cathy.  Whatever you say!"

With a smile, she left be there. I pulled at the ropes, but they held
fast. I was angry, and aroused at the same time.  My hard on was still
rampant, and needing attention, but until I was let go, or one of the
girls did something, it would have to wait.  Soon both women returned
and Linda was carrying a large plate. Breakfast! Now was my chance to
turn the tables on them.  If my hand was free to eat, I was sure that I
could get myself untied. But no such luck! They cut the food up and fed
me! As much as I pleaded with them to let me feed myself, they
refused.  It took nearly an hour for me to eat everything, and the time
passed quickly. I only forgot to say 'Mistress' once, and received a
lash to my dick for it. When I got free, they were going to pay for all
this! While feeding me, they mentioned that they might take me for a
walk later. Again, I was devising plans to escape! But again all my
plans were ruined!

After returning the plates to the kitchen, they returned with two
longish thin ropes. They tied the ends of them in slip knots, then put
them around my balls! One rope leading out from the front, and one
between my legs and out from the back. they untied my feet, and one
hand. Before I could so much as move, they were at the ends of the
ropes and had pulled them tight!  The pain was tremendous! Knowing that
if I moved, I would lose that which was dear to me, I lay still! They
told me to untie my other hand and then to stand up. I figured that I
could grab the ropes, but if I slipped,  Bye, Bye balls. I figured that
a better time would have to come, so I did exactly as they said.  Using
the ropes, they led me to the storage room. My but they had been busy!
It was now empty and they had put some bolts on each wall. When I was
in the middle of the room, Linda tied her rope to the eyebolt. the
moved around to Cathy's side. Once the bolt was thru that eyebolt,
linda pulled it tight and cathy tied it off! I was stuck! If I tried to
move, one or the other rope would snub me up quickly! As for pulling
the eyebolts out of the wall, they looked too sturdy for that.

"Mistress Linda. This is not fair! If I slipped and fell, I could be
ruined! Please let me go! I will do whatever you say!" I said. A part
of my mind was devious! if I got loose, I had plans for them no matter
what I said now!

"Hah! You will remain our slave until tomorrow morning, and won't be
given any chance to get free. you say that you would do as we want, but
we aren't taking any chances! As for slipping,........ DON'T!"

Cathy, meanwhile had left and now returned. She had a wide leather belt
with a couple of 'D' rings sewn on it. She put the belt around my waist
and snugged it up tight! I fleetingly thought about grabbing her, but
the risk was not worth it. She fastened wrist cuffs on me, and then
snapped them to the belt 'D' ring in back.  Undoing one of the ropes,
they left the one in front attached. using it like a leash, linda took
it and started out the door of the storage room. I had no choice but to
follow! One jerk on that rope convinced me that a struggle would be
harder on me! She led me into the bed room, and tied off the rope to a
leg of the bed. I could move around a little now, but only about three
feet. Both Cathy and Linda began to get dressed. They knew they had a
captive audience, and they took their time. Stroking their breasts, and
pussy mounds for my benefit! They got their desired effect as my cock
quickly sprang to attention. Once dressed, Cathy this time took the
rope, and led me outside. As she walked off, And naturally I HAD to
follow, she said something about payback for her earlier walk.  Stark
naked except for the belt, I followed her where ever she went. At first
it wasn't too hard as the ground was smooth, but soon, she turned from
the path and led off thru the brush.  Anytime I slowed down, another
jerk of the 'leash', brought me in line. After more than an hour of
this, I was limping badly! I was a city boy, and my feet were used to
shoes. By the time she led me back to the house, I could just barely
limp. The pain in my feet and legs was terrible. But in my mind
constantly, was the thought of revenge!

Once inside the house, I found that Linda had been busy!  In the center
of the room, were tow sawhorses, and a sheet of plywood over them. Near
the center was a small hole. Linda had me lay on my back on the
plywood, and Cathy put the rope from my balls thru the hole. She tied
the other end of the rope to something under the plywood. When she was
done, they both stepped back to look at me.

"Now slave, lets see you go somewhere." With that, they released my
hands, and stood back. The rope was pulling on my balls, and I grabbed
it and tried to pull it from the hole. I moved the rope about 1 inch
and felt a bump on the plywood from underneath!

"Nice try!" Said Linda. "The other end of the rope is attached to a
large 5 lb weight! You can move your hands and do whatever you wish,
but not get off the plywood!  Have fun!" With that remark, both girls
left for the bed room. I pulled and twisted, and tried everything, but
the rope held me fast to the wood! The 1 inch of slack was not enough
to get the rope off my balls, and I was stuck there! When the girls
returned they had changed clothes. Cathy had on a silky nightgown, and
Linda wore one that was blue. Cathy came next to me and started to
stroke my cock. It rose to the occasion quickly! As she played with it,
Linda leaned over me and guided her breast to my mouth.

"Now this is more like it!" I thought. I quickly started to suck and
lick her breast! As it became hard, she pulled it away, and brought the
other one to me. I reached towards Cathy, and slid my hand up her leg,
and stroked her cunt. By now, Cathy was sucking on my cock and making
me hotter and hotter! At one point, I flexed my hips to drive my cock
deeper into Cathy's mouth, but the rope jerked at my balls and stopped
that idea. As long as I lay quiet, no problem. But no bucking was going
to work. As I played with Cathy's pussy, I felt it get wet. When I
slipped a finger in it, there was no resistance. Then another finger.
Pushing them in and out, brought moans of pleasure for her. I put my
thumb against her asshole intending to slip that in too, but she moved
away to prevent it! Linda had been enjoying my sucking, but now wanted
more too. She too my free hand and put it on her pussy! Knowing what
she wanted, I started to finger her too. I was so close to comming that
not moving my hips was agony! I wanted to drive up into Cathy's mouth
so bad!  She must have known this, cause she sucked even harder and
took more of my dick into her mouth. I was on the verge of cumming,
when she suddenly stopped!

"No, No! slave." She said. "You may only cum when we are both thru with
you." With that she started to slap and pinch my cock! As I yelled in
pain, she just smiled and kept on. When she thought I had been forced
away from cumming enough, she climbed on the table. Linda reached over
and guided my cock to Cathy's wet pussy. Cathy slowly lowered her pussy
don onto my cock.  Slowly....... slowly,......... slowly! Just a bit at
a time.  When she was fully impaled on it, she stayed there, and
wiggled around for a bit. The again slowly,... lifted off of it. Linda
held my dick straight up, and Cathy repeated the slow movements.
 But only three or four times. Then Cathy started to bounce up and down
on me and linda wasn't needed. Cathy was riding me for all she was
worth! I reached up and held her breast as she bounced around. A few
pinches on her nipple seemed to make her move even faster. Meanwhile I
was in agony! I couldn't move! I had to lie there and just be used!
That damn rope around my balls prevented me from doing anything! With a
extra hard bounce, Cathy started to cum! Her moans had gotten louder
and louder as she had moved, and now were nearly a scream. As she came,
I wanted to thrust up into her or at least move my hips around, but
that DAMN ROPE AGAIN! I felt like I was simple a flesh and blood
machine for them to use. When Cathy had finished cumming, Linda quickly
mounted me! He pussy was even tighter and wetter than Cathy's. She had
a different way of enjoying herself. She would thrust forward and back
instead of up and down like Cathy. But the effect was the same. She was
soon on the tip of cumming! I held both nipples as she moved, and now
she screamed at me...

"PINCH THEM SLAVE!!! PINCH THEM HARD!!!!" SHE CRIED!

I did as she wanted, and mashed and twisted her nipples.  This was the
last bit she wanted! She started to cum with great shudders. She ground
her pussy against me until I thought she would push me through the
wood. But still, I HADN'T CUM! My Dick felt like it was on fire with
the wanting to cum. My balls seemed like they were full of cum ready to
shoot into her, but not quite yet. As Linda calmed down, I kept trying
to move the little I could against the rope. With a smile, she got off
of me, and I pleaded with her.....

"PPPlease Mistress Linda, PPLEASE!!!  Help me CUM!!!!"

She stood there and smiled and at last nodded at me. "OK Slave, I will
help you cum, but first I will make sure that you cum as I want you
to." She reached under the table and brought out a 6 inch dildo. She
lifted my legs and started to poke it at my asshole.

"No!!! NOOOOOO!!!! Not that!! I begged."

She stopped for a moment and I thought she had changed her mind. But
all she did was to smear some KY Jelly on the dildo, and then start all
over again pushing it inside me.

"NNNOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!   AAAAIIIIEEEEEE!!!! NNNOOOOOOOOOOO!  PLEASE NOT
THERE!!!! NO!!!!!!" I BEGGED AND CRIED!

With all the grease she had put on it, it was easy for her to push it
deep in my ass! Once there, She lowered my legs, and sucked my dick
into her mouth. In only a few seconds, I was ready to cum. She knew it
and stopped. I begged with her, but to no avail! She waited until I had
calmed down a bit, then started sucking again! She did this to me three
or four times and each time I built higher and higher before she
stopped. Finally, she kept sucking as I started to cum.. And did I CUM.
My dick spasmed and bucked in her mouth as it started to shoot. She
swallowed all that I shot into her! And after the third spurt, she
grabbed the dildo in my ass, and jerked it out! It was almost like
cumming again! I spurted even more cum into her waiting mouth. By now,
I was nearly delirious with pleasure. I felt my balls emptying into her
hot mouth and wanted it never to end................. But.......... in
an all too soon time, I was finished. My dick was limp, and I lay there
exhausted.....  Linda lay her head on my stomach and rested also.

After a time, Cathy reappeared with what looked like a short curtain
rod. She fastened it to each of my ankles and I found that the rod kept
my legs spread apart. They fastened my wrists to the belt again, and
then Linda untied the rope from the weight, and from my balls! They
made me get up, and walk to the kitchen. Walking was hard! I had to
swing my feet in a wide arc, and be careful I didn't lose my balance.
Once there, they had me face the sink, and again tied my balls to a
eyebolt in front of the sink. They released my hands, and I was
commanded to wash all the dishes. Not having any choice in the matter,
I did as they commanded! At first I did them in a rather haphazard
manner. But Linda checked them, and they were all dumped back into the
sink. She also, had gotten the small whip from the bed room, And
slashed my ass with it! She counted 20 dishes, and said that since they
were still dirty, I would get 20 lashes.  She did just that! My god how
that hurt! Twenty hard lashes! By the 10th one, I was grunting with the
pain. By the 20th, I had tears in my eyes, and was howling. Cathy had
sat and watched throughout the whole thing, and that made me feel a bit
humiliated. When she was done whipping my ass, she had me start again
doing the dishes. Believe me, this time they were clean!!!!! My ass
hurt and was welted from the whip!

After doing the dishes, I was given a vacuum cleaner and told to clean
the cabin. The afternoon and evening passed this way. After the
cleaning the main room, I was required to clean the storage room, clean
the bathroom, and even to rake the front yard. I felt like a servant,
but in a small part of my mind, the hot fires of revenge flamed! By
evening, I had done all they commanded, and was at last led to a wooden
chair in the main room. Once sitting there, they again tied my legs to
the chair legs, and put a rope around my chest and tied it to the back
of the chair. One hand was also tied to the chair arm. The TV was
turned on, and they sat or laid on the other chairs and couch.
>From time to time, one of them would approach and play with my
dick, or have me suck on their nipples for a while. One time, Linda
even knelt on the chair arms and had me lick her pussy until she came
in my face. Other than that, for the most part they ignored me. Like I
was a piece of furniture to be used or not as it suited them.  The time
rolled around to 11 PM and I was untied and led into the bedroom. Once
there I was again tied to the bed, and they lay on each side of me.
Soon after, they were both asleep, but I stayed awake for another hour
or two planing my revenge! I wallowed in the  plans of pain and agony I
would cause them tomorrow! They would rue the day they decided to make
a slave out of me! With these heady thoughts going thru my mind, I
drifted off to sleep......

(continued)

-- 
