Archive-name: Bestial/abduct.txt
Archive-author: Mit Retsof
Archive-title: Abducted!

ABDUCTED!  BY THE "ANIMAL LOVER" ADAPTED BY MIT RETSOF FOR ALL^
FANTASY MINDED ADULTS.


   ...They removed the blindfold, but not the gag.  My eyes quickly
adjusted to the low light, and I could make out stalls, and hay.  A
barn.  Why the fuck would they bring me to a barn?
   My captors (3 in number) were dressed all in black, and were all very
nondescript.  I thought the tall one (under other circumstances, of
course) could be very attractive.  The other two were too rough, not my
type at all.
   They were totally silent, though I could see a lot of silent
communication going on, with the eyes, the winks, the nods.  And it was
obvious that they had something pretty wild planned for me.

The more attractive one stripped me while the others pinioned my arms
legs so I could not move,then he shaved me all over my body,legs,chest
arms,balls,ass and then as the other 2 held me tight he shaved my beard
eyebrows and my head.i just could not believe this was happening then
they oiled my body and tied me to a table and a pad was forced over my
face I gagged then slid into unconciousness.

when I came to I was alone in the barn and still tied to the table,but
with my legs in "stirrups" like gyaenacologists have,I was aching all
over but i could see my toes and they had been painted pink!.I studied
the rest of my body as much as I could see,my penis had been pierced
and my nipples as well and judging from the dull ache in my head my
ears had been pierced as well.

All three of them came into the barn and with them was my wife with 3
other young blond men,she was dressed in black leather mini skirt and very
high heel shoes.She explained that for as long as she liked I was her
"friends" prisoner and they could do what they like,and she added the 2 tall
guys were medics one in fact was a surgeon,little did I know how relavant
this was to be!

   The blond guy was leading a small pony, totally black, toward a
sling-like contraption, the use of which I had no idea.  The other two
were holding me up, though I was in no shape to run off, what with being
bound as I was.  Still, there was something erotic, maybe even sexy,
about the whole abduction.
   It soon became clear to me what was about to happen, and I was
scared.  The two big ones started to untie me, keeping a tight hold, and
the third started to pull on straps that made up this sling into which
they were going to place me.  I tried to struggle, but was too weak, and
they eventually got me tied into the thing.  I was positioned faced up,
with my legs spread and raised a bit, and my hands tied underneath me.
The blond was greasing up my asshole with something really slick
(vaseline, I imagine) and the other two were pulling on the pony's dick,
which was growing longer.  And longer.  My eyes grew wide, such that one
of the thugs grinned and nudged the other.  He only looked at me
quickly, then away.
   One of them moved between my spread legs, and replaced the blond's
fingers with his cock.  he shoved it all the way in, causing me to moan
at the pressure and size.  It hurt only a moment.  I was really into
getting my ass reamed out (I wonder if they knew that?) and it started
to feel really nice... His dick pumped in and out, and he looked quite
happy.
   He was replaced by the blond, whose cock was thicker, but short.  It
filled my rectum rather nicely, and I hated to have him cum almost
immediately and pull out.  The third thug, with a long, skinny member,
was last.  Well, not the last, actually....
   After Skinny pulled out, the three of them crouched under the pony.
They pulled on his dick-sheath, and licked at his balls, and his
horse-dick started to lengthen, and thicken, and hung down lower and
lower....
   Blondie led the pony up so that he was standing over me, and
(unfortunately) his huge dripping dick was positioned perfectly for
penetration.  The horse seemed to need no encouragement, only a helping
hand to find my gaping anus.  That he got from Skinny.
   The head of the big pony cock met my asshole, and pushed into me.
The girth of the dick was incredible, and I wanted to scream out, but
couldn't.  I was being stretched farther than ever before.  The pony's
dick seems to twist and buck, and was going deeper and stretching me
wider than even my largest dildo had ever done.the pain was incredible
and the pony just kept moving and thrusting very quickly it gave a
snort and I felt the warm gush of fluid as it came,they immediately
moved it away to get a better camera shot as the cum dribbled down
my thighs.

My wife had been watching and now I was forced to sit in the "punishment"
chair with my legs stretched apart and my arms held with my head in a
restraint.I watched as she fucked,fondled and sucked her three boys
then let each one fuck in turn,without condoms,something she always made
me wear as humiliation I think.

When she had finished she stood up the cum dripping onto her shoes and feet
"Soon we will have more entertainment and you will do the work but there
is another operation you will have to endure and just keep thinking this
will get worse more humiliating and more painful..enjoy..!"

With that she left the barn and I was taken over to the main house and
into the cellar complex..........

THIS WILL BE CONTINUED AND I HOPE THE "ANIMAL LOVER"APPROVES!

