                                ABUSED
                                      by
                                        Karyn Risini


          Well it was Thursday afternoon. Almost the end of another long
     day at work.  As Amy passed my desk she said, "Cheer up - dinner time
     soon." She and I had begun to share dinner together on Thursdays as we
     are almost neighbors and, being recently divorced, enjoy visiting. I
     replied with a tired smile, "I know - if I can survive that long!"
     Little did I realize what was soon to be in store for me.

          Five o'clock came after what seemed an eternity and we heading
     home together in the car. As we came inside the house, she said, "Why
     don't you go ahead and change, I'll start the pasta?" I agreed and
     went off toward the bedroom. I began removing my blazer suit: hung my
     blazer in the closet; unbuttoned my blouse and tossed it into the
     laundry basket; kicked off my pumps and wiggled my tired feet;
     unzipped my skirt and put it over the chair; unrolled my hose and
     tossed them on top of the blouse, removed my bra and panties and
     tossed them also. I went to into the bathroom to wash up but before I
     could start the water Amy came in. "What are doing?", I asked
     demanded. She had never seen me undressed before now. She grabbed my
     wrists and before I could react she had handcuffed my wrists together
     behind my back. "What the fuck are you doing!!" I yelled. She
     answered, "I'm going to give you what you deserve slut. I'm tired of
     the way you tease the men at work! You and your slutty clothes!! Where
     do you get off coming on to the guys like you do?? Wearing no bra, and
     skirts to show off your pussy - you must be a slut or whore!!". I was
     shocked speechless by what she was saying.

          She pulled me over to the bed and tied my ankles to the corner
     bedposts She then tied a piece of cord to each wrist and then to
     each bedpost at the headboard. As she unlocked the handcuffs, she
     pulled tight on the cords and my wrists were then securely tied also.
     I was very scared and began struggling against the bonds she had tied,
     but it was no use - they were very tight. She then placed a ball gag
     in mouth and fastened it with a leather strap. I was very terrified
     now. There I was: tied spread-eagled to the bed & gagged. I couldn't
     move or yell!

          I watched as she left the room and soon returned my a black
     nylon bag. From the bag she pulled out a short leather crop. I
     thought, "My God, she is going to whip me!" Sure enough, she began
     caressing my legs, thighs, stomach, and breasts with it. If I could
     have screamed I certainly would have. She announced, "Are you ready
     slut?". I watched in terror as she raised the crop and began to whip
     my legs. I nearly jumped a foot off of the bed in pain as it landed.
     She continued by criss-crossing my legs with lashes from her crop. She
     began to move her lashes up my body - hitting my thighs, stomach, and
     then my breasts. It all hurt so much that soon I lost all sense of
     pain; it seemed to blur together as she kept up her merciless attack.
     Suddenly she stopped, and put the crop down. The pain I had tried not
     to think about I could no longer avoid as it flooded into me in the
     absence of any new pain. Tears rolled down my cheeks and I managed a
     gagged sob when I raised my head up a little and saw my body covered
     with welts.

          I then watched as she went into the bathroom and returned with a
     razor and a can of shave cream. "Oh shit what is next??" I thought,
     through the pain. As she climbed between my legs, she said "I'm going
     to shave your cunt, whore. Whores must be kept clean." "I wouldn't
     move at all if I were you; I wouldn't want to slip and cut something
     off." As much pain as I was in I don't I could have moved if I tried,
     but nonetheless I did not move. She lathered up my pubes and all over
     and around my pussy opening. She set the can of cream aside and began
     to stroke with the razor. She made long, sweeping strokes on my mound
     and soon it was gone. She made shorter strokes along side of my labia.
     She pulled my labia out firmly and she even made sure to shave that.
     She continued by shaving around the opening and around my clit. After
     another minute she announced I was now "clean." She got and went into
     the bathroom. She got a wet handcloth and came back and wiped away the
     remaining lather. My pussy felt so open, so vulnerable, so very
     exposed. And I could do nothing.

          She brought her nylon bag over closer to the bed. "I have now
     punished you for what you have done and for what you are. You are and
     have been a slut and whore. I'm about to punish you for what you might
     do." She brought out of her bag a bottle of rubbing alcohol and a very
     sharp but oversized needle. I had no idea what she was going to do
     with that but I now knew it would not be good. She crawled to between
     my legs and sat cross-legged. She pulled out firmly on my outer labia.
     "Jeeezzz what fuck is she going to do??" I wondered silently. I knew a
     second later when the needle passed through both of my labia. The pain
     was so sharp and sudden, I felt very light-headed and sooo faint......

          I awoke several hours later. The room was dark and I was under
     the covers. I flicked on the nightstand light. I wasn't tied. The room
     was quiet. Did I imagine all that?? I threw back the covers and looked
     down at my body. No, I certainly didn't. My entire front from breasts
     down to my knees was a cross-checking of welts. I then remembered what
     she was last doing to me. I spread my legs and looked at my pussy. It
     was very naked and hairless. Then I saw what she did to me. "My God
     that fucking bitch!!" She had pierced through both my large labia and
     had inserted a small gold ring. My labia were essentially stapled
     together at that one point. I felt very faint again.....
