"A CLOSET VIEW"
by David Lee and Karen

	I saw through the louvered closet door a sight that 
made my knees almost buckle. He's taking her to our bed! 
I almost screamed out, but managed to choke it to a 
whimper that was covered by the sagging of the bed. But, 
another part of me was getting wet, and I had to see 
more.
	Just then he reached in the night stand, taking my 
semi-sweet strawberry oil out, and pouring the warm 
liquid all over her almost too thin body. She's moaning 
and groaning as he let his hands wander completely over 
her body, from her midsection, spreading the oil down her 
thighs to her toes. "Pop", it's a little toe cracking as 
he pulls on it.
	Giggling, she's stretching her long body, hands 
pushing the head-board and pushes her feet to him. "Oh, 
my Goood God!" Rose screams.
	"I wonder where they imagine I've gone?", I think, 
as he's working her feet almost to the point of pain.
	My mind feels like a tennis ball volleying back and 
forth between "Why is David doing this", to "Yes... that 
looks so hot, and I'm just a little perverted to enjoy 
it".
	"He drops her feet, cups her breasts with both 
hands, slides them to the nipples and stretches them 
almost too much!"  (The tennis match now defaults to my 
pussy, which is leaking down my thigh).
	"My fingers have got to get down there, spread those 
juices to my clitoris, and slip into..... ohhhh, it feels 
so warm and wet. Funny, no thoughts of David and Rose for 
several seconds. I'm not even watching!!" 
	By now David's sliding his thin, long cock between 
her breasts, his head's titled back, and he's gritting 
his teeth. I can see the sweat from his lewd motions 
rolling down his back, to the crack of his buns. " Oh... 
he's going to come.. no.. I can tell he wants to save it. 
(I know him so well). Yeah, he's bending forward, 
releasing his meat, clutching her breasts with both 
hands, then sliding his red-oiled fingers to her small 
opening in her stomach, through her pubic hair (which 
almost matches his strawberry fingers), and into her 
already wet cunt!!
	My fingers began moving in and out of my own 
opening, in time to the ever increasing tempo of his two 
fingers pumping into her. Now her back is arching, as if 
she were approaching her climax... "(No, no; she once 
told me that it takes a long time for her to come.)"   
David's stops, he thinks she's going to come, and wants 
to torture her a little.
	"Don't stop!", she cries, "I'm going to come, 
pulleez!"
	"No, I want you to stay like this for awhile. Your 
sooo HOT!"
	I can hear him quite clearly, even with my heavy 
breathing. 	"I WANT MYSELF IN YOU!"  David's getting too 
loud. Our neighbor Tom might hear.
	Her long legs stretch toward the ceiling, spread 
wide in open invitation. "Do it." "Yessssssssssssssss."  
His back is to me and I actually see an opening the size 
of a quarter between her legs. He's teasing her, giving 
me time to notice how wet and open she is. David's 
right... She is hot!!
	Well, he's not much of a tease. He's moving toward 
her, guiding his eight inches toward her 'not so secret 
hole', slipping all the way into her. Slowly, I see his 
meat exposing itself to me again... (He is a tease!), 
until I see the bottom edge of his penis-cap, and back 
into her. And back out, back in, out, in......
	"Ohhh, nooooo" the disbelief is in his voice, and on 
his face that's tilted back so far I could see it! "K A R 
E N!"
	Only this instant did I realize I had leaned forward 
into the light of the room. David's standing there;  
("God, the come is spurting from the tip of his cock, to 
as far as two feet in front of himself!") shock etched 
into his glistening face.
	Come and sweat and oil now drip from his shrinking 
cock. He's frightened and babbling "Karen, I'm 
sorry......", but then started smiling as he realized my 
hand's up my skirt, playing with the heat between my 
legs. Immediately his manhood started twitching and 
rising!
	I looked at Rose, she's completely stunned, her chin 
hanging down to her flushed oily breast, and watches me 
drop to my knees. I wanted to lick the sweet musty juices 
from his dick.
	Soon he was again hard, and of course his confidence 
returned with his erection, and he (almost roughly) picks 
me up! Now he's laying me on the bed, spreads both Rose's 
and my legs, and hungrily licks and sucks both sweet 
pussies, bouncing from one to another.
	Suddenly, Rose and I are holding hands, smiling at 
one another, and softly caressing each others face, neck, 
breasts, and stomachs.
	The sounds in itself are almost too much of an 
erotic rush. He sounds like a freaked out, sucking, 
boiling, rushing, remote creek, and we're moaning and 
laughing, with tears almost coming out of our eyes, not 
only from the sexual tension building, but also from the 
realization that so much joy can come from not being 
possessive. 


	

(CHAPTER TWO)

	David now knows that everything is cool and loose, 
calmly walks to the phone on the night stand, dials, then 
speaks, "Tom... David here, I need some help. Can you 
come over right away?;  ...Thanks, see ya soon."	
	"It is okay?".... his eyes on me. Now there's a 
smile on my face. (He doesn't know that I've been lusting 
after Tom's sweet buns for years."
	I turn my head and look at Rose. She's smiling! She 
knows how I feel. We all start babbling about sex, 
strawberry oil, birth control... Suddenly, I realize that 
a few minutes have passed since the phone call.
	"David, you better put your pants on to answer the 
door. He only lives across the street."  No sooner than 
spoken, when the doorbell chimes.
	"Fuck it." he says as he's walking to the door.
	The surprise look on Tom's face; looking from 
David's blonde head, to his blonde pubic hair, over to 
Rose's red pussy, to my soft brown bush;  was absolutely 
precious! 
	"Damn, what's going on?  I mean, are you serious? 
This place smells so sexy, can I join in?  Oh, you want 
my help......"
	I had to interrupt him. "Drop your pants."  (I can't 
believe how slutty I'm feeling. Hmmmm, not a bit of 
shame, either. And I'm not drunk.)  "Jeez, your slow."  
I'm not thinking now as I help him undress, throwing his 
clothes as far as I can, as if he might change his mind.
	Thinking again:  "Tom's penis is so big around, not 
as long as David's, but hard and beautiful. Will my mouth 
fit around it. Yes... Hmmm, God it's so soft yet hard. 
What a paradox...."  
	Wave upon wave of sensual desire sweep through me. 
No more thoughts. Just erotic joy. Ohhhhh...
	Again Rose's "Yesssssssssss...." fills the room. I 
had been so enrapture with Tom's body, (so different from 
David), that I had forgot about them! David's face is now 
between Rose's legs, her thighs squeeze his head, then 
open wide, then clutch his head again.
	"Oh-oh", I thought, "Tom's going to come to soon! I 
better stop sliding my mouth over his huge helmet". My 
mouth popped as it left his cock.
	I'm Stand up, (a little stiff from being on my knees 
so long), pull Tom with me, and lay on my back next to 
Rose. At the same time, David gets on his knees between 
hers, and slams his meat into her almost violently. Tom's 
trying to push his penis (it's almost as big around as my 
wrist) past the lips of my comparatively small pussy. He 
pushes my knees farther apart and it tightly slips into 
my juicy heat.
	"God, I'm so horny, it doesn't hurt at all."  That's 
the last thought I have, as the energy leaps from my cunt 
to the top of my head. "Ohh, I'm coooommmiiiing!"  
"Eeeeeeee......" " Fuck, fuck, fuck me!!"  Now that 
energy is back in my cunt, pulsating around his cock.
	"LOOK OUT!!!"  Tom's yelling... "Ahhhhh!!!"
	The guys are harmonizing with lewd sounds, my 
shrieks piercing on top. What a group...... Rose (she'd 
came earlier) lay there laughing at our joy, thus adding 
her part into the band.


 
	(CHAPTER 3)

	What a scene we must be making. All four of us dazed 
and spent for a short time, just a little embarrassed, 
but temporarily satiated.
	Shortly though, David still had not had enough of 
the taste now flowing from Rose and my pussies. "Karen, 
would you lie on top of Rose with your cunts together? I 
want to lick you both at the same time."
	We both cry "yessss" almost at the same instant. Shy 
at first, were looking at each other, smiling, and then 
moving into position.
	Tom moves to a large chair in the corner and begins 
to play with his fat six inch cock, his mouth open in 
amazement, licking his lips, feeling hornier than he'd 
ever felt in his life.
	Meanwhile David's eyes are closed, on his belly, 
licking from the soft brown hair between my legs, to the 
curly strawberry taste and color of Rose.
	She and I squirming and moaning became too much for 
Tom, the white fountain spurted from his member as he 
held it as tight as possible to let as little of it 
escape as possible onto the chair and floor.
	Later I wanted some time alone with Tom, and I could 
see David was happy with his mouth slurping at all the 
liquid flowing out of Rose's gaping hole (I again was 
amazed to see that open pink hole, as David backed off 
for air)!

COPYRIGHT c HomZin Box 50552 97405 Thank you for Donations
 



 

 




1





