Archive-name: School/actress.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Familiar Faces - a true encounter.


"Hi Craig." she said as we passed in the hallway, "remember me?" It 
isn't that I didn't recognize her, it's just that I didn't expect to ever 
run into her again.  Hilary had graduated from the university some 
four or five years earlier, and it is pretty unusual for former 
students to return to visit beyond a year or two after graduation. 

"Well hello Hilary, what are you doing here?"  I replied, a little 
surprised, since I didn't remember her being overly friendly with 
me, especially since I was merely on the staff at this university, and 
not one of the faculty.

Hilary explained that she had been invited back to give a guest 
lecture to the current students on the life of a working actress on the 
road with bus and truck musicals.  

These are revivals of old standard musicals, usual a performing 
vehicle for some fading variety star of twenty years ago, like Robert 
Goulet or Debbie Reynolds.  They go from city to city playing 
anywhere from one day to a couple of weeks.  It can mean being on 
the road for months at a time. The name comes from the fact that the 
scenery travels in a truck, and the performers in a bus.  The hours 
are long and the work grueling, and the hotel rooms are all the same.  
However, the pay can be excellent, and competition for the roles is 
tough.  If you can last it out on the road for any length of time, you 
are good, and you are tough.

And Hilary was tough.  When she was a theatre student, she was not 
one your stars-in-the-eyes innocent acting students.  Quite the 
contrary, as the daughter of professional performers, she knew what 
it took to succeed, and because of that she worked hard at her craft. 
After four years of intense study, she had developed into a talented 
singer, actress and dancer.  

Her biggest drawback as a performer was that she was small.  Petite 
is perhaps a better word.  Standing barely five feet tall, Hilary was 
not the standard show girl type.  All the more need for talent and 
sheer will to get ahead in the business.

Her small stature was never a drawback in my book. Being on the 
short side of average height myself, I always had a preference for 
small women.  And Hilary fit my ideal almost to a 'T'.  At five foot, 
she may have weighted ninety five pounds or so, but her small body 
was exquisitely shaped and well packed to boot, her shape reminded 
me of Jennifer Grey in Dirty Dancing.  When she was still a student 
I can remember watching her rehearse, and being fascinated with her 
small taut round thighs and her pert tits, that jiggled so nicely 
when she danced.  My pulse would quicken  rise whenever she was 
dancing on stage and an actor would lift her so that her costume 
would rise to reveal her high round butt encased in lycra and lace.  
She was the kind of vision that would occupy both my sleeping and 
waking dreams. I spent much of my time back stage watching her 
great little ass.

During her student years, I kept my hands (and thoughts) to myself.  
Although I was a staff member and not faculty, it still isn't a good 
idea to 'mess around' with the students.  There is always the danger 
of getting tangled in a sexual harassment suit or something similar 
that could be detrimental to both ones career and paycheck . None 
the less Hilary had been an outgoing student and there were many 
occasions that we chatted about this and that or found ourselves in a 
group at a restaurant or party.  The division between student, faculty 
and staff being somewhat less formal in theatre departments than in 
other academic fields.  In addition, my job as production manager 
put me in contact with the students on various levels. 

There was more than once in those encounters that she stood very 
close to me or accidently rubbed up against me, but at the time I 
thought nothing of it, but just enjoyed it, and let it pass.  In 
retrospect, maybe I should have paid more attention.

We stood and chatted in the hallway for ten or fifteen minutes, she 
telling me abut her experiences on the road since she had left school.  
I told her of the past plays that we had done over the years.

Suddenly, she looked at me and "Show me the theatre.  I've got at 
least two hours before I speak to the class, and I'd like to have 
another look at it after all these years."  I thought that this was a 
little strange, considering that she had spent the better part of the 
last few years in one theatre or another, but, enjoying her company 
and not being one to disappoint a visiting alumni I grabbed my keys 
and headed off to the theatre. 
 
The theatre is the large modern auditorium that is used for the big 
musicals that are done every year.  It seats about 1600 and has a 
large stage and  a regular rabbit warren of dressing rooms.  
The theatre was empty as we walked in on stage, there wasn't a 
show scheduled to move in until later in the week. The cavernous 
theatre was totally dark, except for a single lightbulb on a stand in 
the center of the stage, and the red glow of the exit signs one 
hundred feet distant from the stage. 

"You know, Craig, either you are really dense, or I am a total failure 
at telegraphing my feelings. When I was a student here I was hot for 
your ass, and I did just about everything I could to get you to pay 
attention to me.  Nothing seemed to work.  This time I'm not going to 
be so subtile."

With that comment, she turned, reached up, and kissed me hard on 
the mouth, almost ramming her tongue down my throat.  In the same 
motion she reached down and cupped my cock and balls with her 
right hand.

I was surprised, but not so much as to not respond to her advances.  
I returned her kiss with an equal passion, and in response began to 
caress her ass.  I could feel through her skirt that she was wearing 
stockings and a garterbelt, but there was no evidence of panties.  

"I always wanted you as well" I said breaking from the kiss, "but you 
know how it is these days,- students and staff and all that stuff"

"Shut-up!" was the reply, as she rubbed my now growing cock a little 
harder, and continued with the deep kisses.

I slid my hand down below the hem of her skirt and ran them up her 
thighs beyond the stocking tops.  Her flesh was smooth and cool to 
my touch and that butt that I had watched so closely in rehearsals 
quivered as I ran my hands over it.  I gently kneaded her ass cheeks, 
and as I did so I realized that she was wearing a g-string made of 
some silky fabric, that had a thin ribbon that ran up the crack of her 
ass.  She shook her butt, rubbed her thighs together and moaned in 
my ear as I tugged lightly on the g-string ribbon.

Her hand began to fumble with the zipper of my pants.  Within a few 
seconds she had released my cock from my pants and began stroking 
the now raging hard on.  I moved my attention to her small but firm 
round breasts.  I could feel her nipples harden beneath the fabric of 
her bra and blouse.  My hand had found its way inside her blouse 
and I rolled her nipples between my fingers   Her stroking of my 
cock continued, occasionally she would squeeze the head, rolling her 
hand around as she did so.  I was in ecstasy, and Hilary was enjoying 
herself as well.

After a few minutes of this, I looked around; here we were standing 
in the middle of the darkened stage illuminated only by the single 
light that stood about four feet away from us, and me with my prick 
hanging out.  If anyone were to walk into the theatre now, there 
would be no mistaking what was going on, and that would be the 
end, job,  career, the works 

Just as I was about to suggest that we find somewhere else to do this, 
she slid down onto her knees, saying, "I always wanted you, and I 
always wanted to do this on stage." With that comment, she gave the 
head of my cock a big wet lick and proceeded to suck it with great 
abandon.

"Hilary! I want you too, but we can't do this here."  I protested but 
her expert ministrations were clouding my judgment.  Despite my 
protests, I made no attempt to make her stop.  In fact I began to 
stroke her blond hair and slowly pump my hips to match the rhythm 
of her expert mouth and tongue played as they played upon my dick.  
It felt so good that my knees were on the verge of buckling, and my 
mind was going blank.

Suddenly she stopped sucking, "You're right, we can't do this here", 
she said, "there's no audience, and besides, we need a little furniture.  
I've got an idea.  Stuff that back in your pants."

Not sure what she had in mind, I managed to jam my swollen and 
sensitive dick back in place and zip my pants.  Hilary readjusted her 
clothes only slightly.

"Follow me. "she grabbed my hand,  and we headed to the back of 
the auditorium and out into the lobby.  

Perhaps the most striking feature of theatre is the lobby, which is a 
large airy space approximately 140 feet long and 40 feet tall.  The 
outer wall is made entirely of glass that has a mirror finish on the 
outside so that people in the theatre can see out, but those on the 
outside cannot see in.  The lobby fronts a small park like area that is 
crossed by foot paths and is a favorite place for students to sun 
bathe. It was a beautiful spring afternoon and there were perhaps 
forty or fifty people lying about the lawn.  

"Here!" she said, pointing to a polished wooden bench along the 
outside wall of the lobby of the theatre.  The bench that Hilary 
pointed out was about one foot from the glass and maybe three feet 
from a group of six or eight people lying in the sun.  With a dramatic 
flair she stepped onto the bench, and lifted her skirt.  Shaking her 
ass at the one-way mirror and the people beyond it, "I want to have 
you right here," she growled.  With one hand she grabbed the top of 
her red g-string and gave it a tug upwards which buried the point of 
it in the lips of her pussy, tufts of blond hair curling around its edges, 
I could see that it was already saturated from her pussy juices.

Taking the initiative I walked up to her and unbuttoned the rest of 
the buttons on her blouse, revealing her lace encased tits to the 
daylight.  With my face now at tit height, I popped the center clasp 
on her bra and laid my tongue on her pink nipples.  It only took a 
moment of licking and nibbling them before they were erect and 
turning crimson from the attention.  

Hilary was still holding her skirt up around her waist the entire time 
that I was paying attention to her tits, she seemed transfixed, lost in 
herself.  I shifted my attention to he crotch.  Gripping the backs of 
her thighs I began to lightly chew the fabric of the G-string, she 
spread her legs slightly and pushed he pelvis forward to better 
accommodate my actions.  I found the head of her clit through the 
fabric and nibbled.  I pulled the fabric aside and began licking and 
sucking her clit directly.  Her pussy was saturated before I started, it 
tasted musty but sweet.  Several times her knees nearly buckled as I 
worked her pussy.

"Let me sit down, before I fall down."  And with that she sat on the 
end of the bench with her crotch right at the edge.  I sat on the floor 
between her legs, and dived into her pussy again.   This time I came 
up with a mouthful of her G-string, which I pulled away from her 
pussy with my teeth.  I worked the damp piece of fabric down her 
legs and completely off entirely with my mouth, revealing a blond 
encased pussy lips with a rather pink and protruding clit.  I returned 
my attentions to that clit, licking, nibbling and sucking, occasionally 
darting my tongue into her cunt.  Hilary's squirming and bucking 
increased in frequency and intensity.  She grabbed my hair as if to 
hold on, leaving her skirt draped over my head.  Finally, she simply 
laid back on the bench, too distracted to sit up any longer.  This gave 
me even better access to her pussy, I positioned her legs over my 
shoulders and I began to probe the depths of it with my fingers 
while I continued to lick and nibble her clit.

After a few minutes of such attention to her pussy, her hip bucking 
changed tempo, her thighs clamped hard around my head and she 
forced her cunt down hard on my fingers.  She let out a long cry, and 
held that position for what must have been thirty seconds.  Slowly 
she began to relax, her pussy and thighs twitching slightly as she did 
so.  I knew that I had brought her to orgasm.  

During all of this my cock had been pressing hard against my fly, 
straining to escape the confines of my pants.  I reached down and 
undid my belt and fly, finally releasing my cock.  It sprung forth 
ready, the head almost purple from the internal pressure.  I slid 
Hilary toward the end of the bench, and lifting her legs in the air, I 
plunged my cock into her pussy.

Her pussy was like heaven, hot, wet, and tight.  I had fantasized 
about her years before, but I never though that I would actually 
have an opportunity to actually fill her hot hole, especially under 
these circumstances.  With her legs in the air I was able to bury my 
cock to the hilt with every stroke.  Hilary almost howled each time 
the head banged into her cervix.  I was hot and desperate and the 
pace of my fucking was relentless.  She kept sliding back on the 
bench from the force of the strokes, finally she gripped the end of 
the bench to hold herself in place.  

We continued at that pace for what seemed to be several minutes.  
She was responding to my thrusts with equal intensity I could feel 
the cum rising in my dick, but I wasn't ready to pop my load yet.  

"My ass, in my ass!" she panted loudly.  I looked around, still unsure 
that we wouldn't be seen through the mirror glass windows.  I guess 
I was surprised to hear that from her, but on the other hand, I 
always remember her as being precocious.  I didn't want to leave the 
confines of her pussy, but I slowly withdrew from her cunt.  

Hilary stood for a moment, I removed my jacket and laid it on the 
floor so that she would have something to kneel on.   With that she 
knelt facing the end of the bench, and leaned over so that her torso 
and tits were laying on the bench.  She shifted her ass in to the air a 
little higher.  Her face was pressed into the bench and she gripped 
the sides tightly.  Spreading her ass-cheeks, her asshole was staring 
at me like a little pink button, surrounded by a few wisps of light 
blond hair.  She was a small woman to begin with, and I wasn't sure 
that that tight little sphincter could accommodate my regulation size 
dick, but, If she wanted it, I was game.  Since the lobby of a theatre 
isn't the place you'll find a tube of K-Y, I reached under her and wet 
my hand with some of her pussy juices and rubbed it around on her 
asshole as lubrication.  With my index finger I massaged around the 
rim and gently pushed it into the opening.  She moaned a bit and 
raised her ass to meet my finger. I worked it in and out for a 
moment and then added another finger.  She took the second one as 
eagerly as she did the first.  I added a third.  She clamped her 
sphincter tightly around all three.  I rotated my fingers around and 
pumped them in and out, her ass raised to meet the movement of my 
hand, and Hilary groaned loudly with every stroke.

Thinking that such an accepting asshole would be a better place for 
my cock, I withdrew my fingers and readied my dick for penetration.  
I again dipped into her sopping pussy for more lubrication, this time 
swabbing my dick head as well as her asshole.  

She moaned as I placed the head of my cock against her asshole and 
pushed gently.  It didn't give at first in spite of the earlier occupation 
of my fingers, so I pushed a little harder, and slowly her sphincter 
opened and I watched as the little pink began to accept the tip of 
my throbbing dick.  All at once it gave and she gasped loudly with 
satisfaction as her asshole accepted the head of my cock.  She tightly 
gripped the edge of the bench as I slowly slid the rest of my length 
into her now relaxed ass.  It is hard to describe the sensation of her 
delectably tight asshole.  Different from her pussy, it was hot and 
dry, her ass muscles griped my cock tightly as if someone had their 
hand wrapped firmly around my dick.  

Slowly at first, I began to stroke in and out, she tightened her ass 
muscles with each out stroke, relaxing them for the thrust in.  I 
noticed how the few blond hairs that surrounded her asshole would 
stick to my dick in the out stroke, and slide into her ass along with 
my dick on the in-stroke.  She was still on the high from her 
previous orgasm, and she began to shudder, squirm and moan 
rapidly as the pace of my strokes into her ass increased.  I was 
having a little trouble getting a good position behind her, with my 
pants down around my knees, and my shoes slipping on the tile floor.  
Oblivious to the students sunbathing just five feet from us on the 
other side of the window,  Hilary began to cry out loudly with each 
stroke as I banged in to her butt, at times muttering "yes, yes, do me 
fuck my ass!" .  It didn't take long before the incredible sensation of 
her heavenly asshole began to take it's toll.  I was visibly shaking 
from the effort to keep from coming.  

She sensed that I was about to come, and as I began to spurt, she 
cried "Pull out, I want to feel your cum on my ass.".  I did as she 
instructed.  The first two spurts were shot inside her rectum but the 
last few shots hit her ass hole and dripped down on her cunt. 
cumming more jism than I can ever remember,  I was almost 
howling with pleasure as I shot my load into and on her.  I shook and 
groaned with utter satisfaction completely oblivious to the people on 
the other side of the window. 

Hilary collapsed on to the bench flat on her stomach, with her ass 
still pointing into the air.  I fell on top of her in exhaustion and lay 
there for a moment.  "That was terrific" I whispered into her ear.  
Then it dawned on me what we had just done.  Fucking in the lobby 
of a public building.  As I began to get up I glanced over to the 
window.  There were ten or twelve people standing at the window, 
with either their ears cupped to the glass, or shielding their eyes 
trying to see through the mirror surface.  I could see from their 
movements the we had been making enough noise that they had 
heard us through the glass and were trying to listen to the activities. 

Hilary began to gain her composure, I slid back and licked my own 
cum off of her pulsing pussy and tongued her ass once for quick 
measure.  We quickly stood and began to reassemble ourselves.  A 
little embarrassed at the passion of the moment, we both sheepishly 
glanced at each other and smiled.  Quickly we dressed, as the 
commotion outside the window subsided.  There weren't many words 
to say after that performance on both of our parts. As we headed 
towards the door of the theatre, Hilary turned to me and said, "I'm 
staying with Kay Jenson while I'm here, give me a call after you're 
done with work, and maybe we can find some time to continue our 
explorations."

Kay was the dance instructor for the acting students, and a very 
attractive woman... this could be interesting.  I would definately 
make that call.  And with that thought we walk out of the theatre 
and into the day light.

To be continued....

