Archive-name: 3plus/actwoods.txt
Archive-author: Rick Restless/Derek Higgins
Archive-title: Action in the Woods


    I don't  know about  you   but what really turns me on is watching
and participating  in hot  bisex action.  The following  situation oc-
curred nearly  three years  ago now   but  I still  get a raging stiff
hard-on every time I think about it.

    I was  working in the Bracknell area at the time and I stopped off
in this  car park  after work  to go for a run. Its quite a well known
trolling area  and I  made sure  I was  wearing a sexy pair of running
shorts in  case any interesting opportunities arose (something's aris-
ing right now actually as I recall what happened).

    I parked  the car  and was  just catching  the end of a radio pro-
gramme I'd  been listening  to when this XR3 pulled into the car park.
It made  a couple of circuits of the car park and then came and parked
right next  to me. Inside was a young blond guy of about 25 and a girl
of about  20. They were obviously hot for it because no sooner had the
car stopped  than they  were groping and feeling one another. This was
making me  really randy and my cock was uncontrollably bulging against
the thin material of my shorts.

    After about  five minutes  they got  out of  the car  and came and
stood right  by my  window, the  boy feeling  the girl's tits and then
slipping his  hand up under her mini-skirt and under her knicker elas-
tic. He  was wearing  this really tight pair of bleached Levi's - real
come-fuck-me's, they were. She had her hand round feeling his arse and
pressing her  body against  his by now obviously throbbing prick. They
then went  off into  the woods and I assumed this was the last I'd see
of them  and that  they had just been teasing me. However I noticed in
my mirror  that they  turned round to look in my direction a couple of
times as  they walked  into the  distance and as I was going for a run
any way I set off shortly afterwards in their general direction.

    I could  find no  sign of them and was about to give up and resume
my run  when I  heard these  most  incredible  grunting  and  groaning
sounds. They  came from a group of bushes a few yards away and I crept
forward into  a clearing  and there he was - pumping and pounding away
with his  hot stiff  cock in  her lovely  cunt. I must have stood on a
twig or something as they suddenly turned and looked at me. I must say
I didn't  quite know  what to do so I just stood there staring at this
beautiful sight.

    "Well don't  just stand  there," said  the boy, "get it out. Marie
loves the  sight and  feel of  a good hard length of meat." Well, that
was it  - I needed no more persuading I can tell you and anyway if I'd
not actually  released my  cock at  that moment  I think it would have
burst right  out of my shorts all on its own. Marie made me kneel down
in front  of her  and she  sucked away on my cock taking it right down
her throat.  All the while Alan (that was his name) was thrusting away
at her  and I  stretched out my hand and gently stroked his arse as it
gyrated up  and down.  Then, moving  my hand  down between his legs, I
fondled his hairy balls and that lovely hard cock slipping and sliding
in and out.

    By now  Alan was licking away at my cock as well and I was getting
really turned  on by  my unexpected  stroke of  luck. "God I'd love to
fuck you"  I said,  or words  to that  effect and Alan gently slid his
cock out and stood up.  He made Marie lie down on her side and told me
to fuck her from behind so he would get a better view. I gently pushed
my cock  right up  her receptive  cunt and  then just  lay there for a
while hardly daring to move for fear of coming. The lovely warm sensa-
tion surrounding  my cock was just indescribable and the sight of Alan
jerking away  on his  huge throbbing  dick with his Levi's down around
his ankles made me quite delirious. "Let me do that I said to him" and
I started  to wank him with long steady strokes. Pretty soon his whole
body seemed  to stiffen  and go rigid. By now I was pounding away into
Marie getting  nearer and  nearer to  the point  of no  return.  Marie
started coming and coming with muffled cries and gasps of pleasure.

    The sound of her cries triggered Alan's monumental orgasm. He shot
a stream  of creamy white cum all over Marie's tits. Spurt after spurt
seemed to  come until  he eventually  fell down exhausted. Meanwhile I
gave several  long last  thrusts, each  one longer and deeper than the
one before,  and then,  just in  time I  pulled out  and let go my hot
steamy load all over the two of them.

    Alan and  Marie were  really beautiful and I often visit Bracknell
Woods hoping to bump into them again but so far I never have.

--
