Copyright © 1998,    Baron Darkside.     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing BaronDarkside@mrdouble.com.


(1)  Disclaimer One:  This Is A Work Of Fiction; It Is Not True!

(2) Disclaimer Two:   If You Are Underage (Under The Age Of Eighteen (18)), Or In Locations That By Law,  Preclude You From Reading Sexual Material, You Should Stop Reading This Material Now!!

(3)  Disclaimer Three:  If You Are, Now Or Have Ever Been,  Offended By Sex, Incest Or Any Other Subject Of A Sexual Nature, Please Avoid This Story.  (I Would Also Suggest You Seek The Services Of A Psychologist.)

(4)  Disclaimer Four:  This Is For Adults, And Contains Adult Oriented Material.  If You Are Not An Adult, Either Chronologically, Mentally Or Sexually, Please Do Not Read Any Further Or You Will Probably Be Offended.

(5)  Disclaimer Five:  The Author Of This Story is Baron Darkside and I retain All Copyrights. 

I Hope That You Enjoy This Story and if you did please let me know at:

barondarkside@mrdouble.com. 
INCESTUOUS FANTASIES ABOUT MOTHERS AND SONS
FROM THE CRYPT OF BARON daRKSIDE
Fantasy Number 61A
(THE ADDICTION)
(Part One - A Near Miss)
A Tale of Incest by Baron Darkside

"Why can't you want sex two or three times a month like other women?" Donald snarled.
"Wha..." Gloria gasped.
Throwing the covers off, she flounced out of the bed.  Fighting back tears, she threw on her nightrobe and fled out of the room.  Humiliated to the quick by his stinging slur, she slipped into the guest bedroom and closed the door, locking it behind her.
Then the tears came flooding down her face as she fell on the bed.  Deep, shuddering sobs shook her body as she cried.
She had seen It coming for a long, long time.  Now it was finally out in the open.
She had made many sacrifices to save their marriage but this, this was the last straw.  It was over as far as she was concerned.
Suddenly a peacefulness settled down over her as the sobs slowly subsided.  
Faced with the finality of it all, she thought back on her marriage to Donald. 
They had met in college.  Donald had been the handsome, young business major who was out to own the world and she had been the buxom, young lawyer to be that was going to right all of the world's injustices.
They had hit it off almost immediately and after a whirlwind courtship, they had impetuously married. 
Everyone had called them the perfect couple when they had married. Then after college, reality set in.   David, their son, had come along and Donald had started gaining weight.  Donald, once a compact, 5 foot, 10 inch, 175 pound sex fiend had over time, ballooned into an obese, 5 foot, 10 inch, 325 pound slob.  His 34 inch waist was now a 48 inch waist.  Hell, she couldn't even see his dick anymore because of his obese, swollen monstrosity of a stomach.  It was definitely not sexy and with the gain in weight came a lessening of his libido.  Now it was all he could do to crawl on, grunt a few times and crawl off.  In fact, he was so out of shape she had to get on top most of the time.  He was so out of shape, he could barely make it up the stairs much less mount an extended assault on her nether regions.
She had always known that she had an abnormal sex drive, but when she and Donald had first married, they had made love two or three times a day.  She thought she had finally found the answer to her dreams. 
But, the heavier he got, the less they made love.
First it had slipped down to once or twice a day then once every other day.  That was when she had first started having trouble controlling her abnormal desires.
Aside from the amount of sex, early in their marriage, she had found she would have to put aside her longing for novelty in her sex life. This came after she had suggested a pornographic movie to add some spice up their lovemaking.  Maybe it would give them some ideas for something new, she had implied.  He had exploded.  Angrily, he had told her clearly what he thought of her idea.  His penis, he had told her belonged in one place and in one place only.  And, he had gone on, her vagina had one use and one use only.  She had gotten the message and hadn't brought it up again. 
Finally, she had resorted to the use of sexual toys to try and mollify her ravenous craving for sex.  Ironically, she had to use them because of his inability to satisfy her, but she also had to keep them a secret, afraid that he would find them offensive, too. Still, the more she wanted, the less he provided and then tonight came the final, cutting blow.
Hell, if he wasn't such a slob, maybe he would want to do it more than two or three times a month and she wouldn't need the toys, she thought.  She couldn't help it if she needed it once or twice a day.  There was just something inside of her, driving her, inciting her.  She couldn't make it go away.  It was like an itch deep inside of her that could only be relieved by sex.
She had quietly endured the lack of novelty while the frequency was there, but now, she had neither. 
But tonight was the last straw.  If he couldn't satisfy her needs, she would find someone who could. 
Now, she wanted to be wild.  She had wanted to try it all.  The odd, the bizarre, the risqué.  The very things that Donald had pronounced there would be none of in their marriage.
Her thoughts immediately went to Brad.  He was a young stud at work who was always hitting on her.  He had asked her to join him for a drink after work on several occasions, but she had declined his offers.  She knew that his interest in her was definitely not platonic, by the way his eyes devoured her body every time he saw her.  She had rebuked his advances in the past, but not any longer. 
Then she remembered the party they had planned for Tuesday night.  She would invite him.  Maybe she would have the opportunity to show him around her bedroom, she grinned as her hand stole down to her tingling clitoris.  
Funny, she thought as she fingered herself, only minutes earlier she had been devastated by Donald's denunciation, but now she had put it aside and was eagerly looking forward to a rebirth of her sexuality.
"Let the games begin," she laughed as she roughly rubbed her clitoris...

The next day, she had invited Brad to the party.  His eyes had lit up like a Christmas tree.  Then for three days, she had to endure the secret touches, fondles and suggestive whispers he lavished on her.  What she had found as a nuisance before, now only served to heighten her need for sex.  She was afraid she was going to wear her vibrator out as she had to use it several times a night to quieten the growing impatience between her legs.  
She and Donald barely spoke anymore and the temperature inside their bedroom had plummeted to freezing.  In fact, she was planning to move into the guest room after the party.  How ironic, she thought.  She was addicted to sex and needed a daily fix of it while Donald could take it or leave it and only wanted it a couple of times a month.  Now she was going to cut him off.  She would never ask him for sex again.  He would have to come to her.  And even then, she didn't think she would go to bed with him anymore.  No, she could feel their marriage decaying around them, but she didn't care enough to try and save it now.  
After the party, she would decide what to do.  First, she needed to placate the smoldering fire in the pit of her belly...

Brad had come to the party alone.  Donald had met him at the door and coldly invited him inside.  After a perfunctory dismissal, Donald had turned and walked away leaving him standing by the door alone. 
Gloria had seen him and strolled over to him.   After a while, they had furtively slipped up the stairs and into her bedroom without being seen.  They had kissed long and hungrily as they had pawed each other obscenely.  She had been surprised at his impatience.  Before she could stop him, not that she would have anyway, he had one of her breasts out and was sucking on it.  Then as she had yielded to his hungry mouth, she had felt his hands on her butt, cupping her and pulling him against her.  Then his hands were under her dress.  He seemed incited to rashness by the fact she wasn't wearing any panties.  She hadn't worn them so they wouldn't have to take the time to remove them.  Then suddenly, she had felt his finger inside of her.   It would only have been a matter of time before they would have consummated their affair on her very own bed.  The very same bed that had grown so cold when Donald was in it.  But, at the last moment, just as they were about to tumble back onto it, they were interrupted by a loud crash from downstairs.   As they had flown apart, she had thought she had seen someone dash away from the door.  But, by the time she had gotten her breast stuffed back into her dress and her dress pulled back down around her hips, there had been no one in the hallway.  But she had been so shaken, she didn't want to risk further exposure.  After another long, deep kiss, she told Brad that she would talk to him at the office the next day.  They would make plans to spend time alone and truly finish what they had begun.  Then they had sneaked back down stairs and rejoined the party...

 David clomped in the front door and tossed his bookpack on the floor.  Hungry, as always, he headed straight for the kitchen.  Throwing open the fridge door, he peered inside.  The shelves were brimming with leftovers of every imaginable form, shape and color.  They were the castoffs from the big party his parents had hosted the previous night.  Rubbing his hands together with gleeful anticipation, he selected several plates of food and placed them on the table.  Cutting off two slabs of homemade bread, he ceremoniously spread a thick coating of mayonnaise over both pieces.  Then, setting the knife down, he began to build the sandwich.  His hands became a blur as he slapped on a dash of this and a smattering of that on the growing mountain of food.
Finally, he stopped and took a step back.  It was a work of art.  A Dagwood sandwich that Dagwood himself would have endorsed. Grinning, he opened the fridge again and grabbed a cold Coors.  Popping open the beer, he turned it up and downed half of it with one long, thirsty gulp.  Life was good, he thought to himself.  Pulling out a chair, he sat down and began to devour the sandwich. Champing on the sandwich and washing it down with an occasional sip of beer, he had soon reduced it to one last morsel.
Belching loudly, he popped the last remaining bite into his mouth and licked his lips. 
"There, that ought to last until supper," he laughed to himself.
Patting his full stomach, he picked up his bookpack and headed up the stairs to his room.  Stepping into his room, he dropped his pack onto his desk and slipped off his shoes and socks before he flopping down onto his bed.
It was too bad that Debbie had gotten religion, he thought.  He was used to fucking her at least two or three times a day, but recently she had joined the church and now she only let him have it every two or three days.  It just wasn't enough.  He was always thinking of sex, now.  Before he had been able to have an occasional lucid thought about something else, but now, he couldn't.  
Every woman he saw, he mentally undressed.  Then as he wondered what she looked like naked, he wondered what kind of fuck she would be.  He was one more sick puppy now that he didn't have his daily fix of sex.
He had read somewhere that some men had a medical condition called satyriasis and he wondered if he was inflicted with it.  The term apparently came from the ancient Satyrs, who were mystical beasts.  They were half goat and half man and apparently were always chasing after women and screwing them.
In fact, he talked about so sex so much, his buddies at school had nicknamed him "Horny."
Lying there, digesting the sandwich, he unconsciously reached down and unzipped his pants.  Spreading them apart, he dug down into his shorts and hauled out his big, flaccid cock.   Slowly, he began to stroke the hardening column of meat found and then found himself thinking about what he had witnessed at last night's party...

The drinks had been flowing quite freely and David had imbibed a few beers himself.   Around nine-thirty, the beers had driven him upstairs to recycle the beer back into the water system.   As he had started down the hallway toward his room, he had heard a moan come from in his parent's bedroom.  Stopping to listen for a moment, he thought the voice sounded vaguely familiar.   Curious,  he quietly stole down the hallway.  Stopping outside, he had taken a quick peek inside.  He had been thunderstruck by what he had seen.
He had caught his mother, Gloria in the embrace of another man.  And it wasn't his father, Donald.  It was the man from her office that she had invited to the party.  They had been kissing and groping each other obscenely when he looked in.   The neckline of his mother's black, clinging dress had been pulled down and one of her big, white breasts had been pulled out. The big, white breast with its big, dusky areola and swollen nipple wiggled and quivered as it bulged out hugely in the brief moment before the man bent down and sucked it into his mouth. 
Gawking at them incredulously, David had been paralyzed with mortification as he had watched his mother make a fool out of herself right before his eyes.  The man had had his arms around her, cupping her tight, firm ass in his hands and pulling her belly up against his as he loudly sucked on her tit.  With her head thrown back, her long blond hair cascading down her back, she had been thrusting herself against him in rhthymic movement to the beat of the music blaring down stairs.  Then, they had stopped dry-fucking as the man had dipped his hands down and slid them up under her tight, clinging dress.
David had felt like he would pass out.  He had never witnessed anything so wickedly exciting.  His heart had been pounding a thousand miles an hour as his mind had swirled in a fog of disbelief.  Then slowly, the man had inched his mother's short, tight skirt up around her narrow waist, revealing her beautiful, bare, perfectly round ass.   Then, the man had grabbed her by the hips and forced her sideways giving David an unobstructed view of his mother's nether regions.  Then as David had watched the man lovingly caress her belly, David realized his mother wasn't wearing any panties.
David had been stunned.
He hadn't been able tear his eyes away as he watched the man grope her.  He watched on in stunned amazement as the man explored the kinky patch of dark blond hair between her milky white thighs with his fingers.  The frilly black straps of her garter belt bracketed the white softness of her belly and lent more eroticism to the scene he had witnessed.
Then David had felt himself growing hard as he had run his eyes down his mother's long, curvaceous legs encased in the soft, shimmering blackness of her hose.
David hadn't been able to remember every being so excited by anything in his whole life as he had watched the man's hand blunder down over the forest of curly blond pubic hairs covering her soft vulnerable underbelly.
David had felt like he was watching some cheap porno flick as the man slowly, almost leisurely, extended a finger and eased it up inside her cunt.  The man had actually stuck his finger inside his mother's cunt.
David had had having trouble breathing as he had watched the man slowly finger-fuck her.  Then, even more unbelievably, he had watched his mother's soft, feminine hand slip down and quickly unzip the man's pants.  He had felt like his legs were going to give way at any moment as he had watched her hand disappear into the opening in the man's pants.  Then his cock had pounded with so much excitement, he had thought he was going to cum as her hand had reappeared wrapped around the man's big, thick cock.
David's mind had been in chaos as he had watched her lovingly stroke the jutting hardness of the man's impatience.  
Never in a million years would he have guessed his mother capable of such a thing.  
Then, slowly, but unmistakably they had begun to move toward the bed.  The man was insistently guiding her toward it and she was not resisting.  In fact, it looked to David like his mother was the instigator, pulling the man toward the bed.
Then, all at once there had been a loud crash from downstairs.  His mother and her friend had flown apart like they had been doused with a cold bucket of water.
Hoping they hadn't seen him, David had lurched back and stumbled down the hallway to his room.  Easing the door closed behind him, he had hurried across the room and quickly ducked into his bathroom.  He had quickly plopped out his granite hard cock.  He had had to urinate so badly, he could almost taste his urine in his mouth.   He had strained hard, and finally a little stream of urine trickled out.  Slowly the stream had grown and shortly the room had been filled with the loud splashing of piss into the water.  Finally, the stream had slacked off and stopped.  Still unable to believe what he had witnessed, he crammed his aching cock back into his pants.
Slowly opening the door, he had peeked outside and saw no one in the hallway.  Furtively, he had crept back down to the bar and opened himself a beer.  
He had just held the beer up and tool a long, deep swig of it when his mother found him.
She had wanted to know where he had been and he had blushed and told her he had been using the bathroom.
She had smiled and told him that they had to fix one of the tables that had collapsed out by the pool.  She had also told him that he had to do it because Donald was drunk and besides that he was just too damn fat to slide under the table.  David had definitely detected an undercut of hostility in her voice.  But that had been going on for several days.  He just couldn't remember how long it had been going on.
He had followed her out to the table admiring the way her delectable rearend undulated from side to side with each step.  He had been so intent of the lovely swell of her firm ass underneath the tight, clinging dress, he had almost run into her when she had suddenly stopped by the broken table.  His mother had given him a flashlight and told him to slide under the table and replace one of the bolts while she held it up.  
He had slid under the table and rolled over onto his back.
That was when his mother had lifted her foot and straddled him.  Then, as she lifted the table, he had shined the light up at the underside of the table.
As he had, the beam of light had swept up between his mother's long, sculptured legs.  As she had stood waiting for him to fit the pieces of the table back together, he had covertly sneaked a peek up at her exposed pussy.
She hadn't said a word as he had fumbled with the table and the light.  But he had kept the light trained where the beam of light partially fell on her pussy.
The big, fleshy lips of her vagina had been gaping open and glistening wetly in the bright light.  He had quickly found himself growing hard once again as he furtively sneaked glances up at the deep, wet entrance to her yawning sex.   He didn't think he would ever be able to fit the nut onto the bolt as he fumbled with it awkwardly.
As he had muddled with the nut, the beam of light had danced around her fur covered juncture exposing the dew covered lips of her vagina that glistened erotically in the light.
 "Are you having problems down there?"  She had suddenly asked him.
 "Uh, yeah, but I think..." He had groaned, tearing his eyes away from her beautiful pussy and finally fitting the bolt onto the nut.
"Got it," he had told her as he had slowly ratcheted the nut down.
Tightening the nut down snugly, he had sneaked one last look up his mother's dress before he flicked the flashlight off.
 "I was beginning to wonder..." She said.
"Huh, uh, wonder what?" he had stuttered.
 "Oh, never mind," she had said as she slowly lifted her leg and stepped back away from him. 
Had she known that he had seen her and her friend?  Had she known that he had been looking up her skirt?  
Then she had given him her hand and helped him to his feet...

Lying in his bed thinking about it, he felt a spasm of excitement course through his cock as he slowly ran his hand up and down its steely hardness. 
Then he sat up.  Looking down at his watch, he saw that it was only three o'clock in the afternoon.  Neither of his parents would be home for another couple of hours at least.  
With his cock sticking out of his pants like a devining rod, he slipped out of bed.  Now would be a great time to check out his mother's underwear collection.  He hadn't explored her lingerie drawer in several months.  What with Debbie satisfying his sexual needs recently, he hadn't had the need to seek sexual satisfaction by jacking off with his mother's panties for several weeks. 
But with the recent drought of sexual release and what he had witnessed last night, he welcomed the opportunity to revisit his old habit.
Brazenly parading down the hallway with his semi-erect prick slashing wildly from side to side, he headed for her room.  There was just something about the way his cock flounced around, he smiled.
Stopping at the door of his parent's bedroom, he took a deep breath.  Sucking in the erotic scent of his mother's perfume, he felt a giddy sense of excitement trickle through his swollen maleness.
Looking around, he saw that the room was neat and tidy, as always.  Just like his mother, he thought as he strolled over to her dresser.   With her, everything had to be in its proper place at all times.  She was almost obsessive about it.  But last night, she hadn't worn her panties.  Then again, he didn't know if she was accustomed to going around without panties or not.  He had never been confronted with the evidence one way or the other.  Whatever, last night she had not been wearing any panties.  He knew that for double damn sure.  Knowing this about her made her more worldly.  More seductive.  More alluring.  More woman and less mother.  It changed the whole way he thought about her.  She wasn't just his mother now.  She was a mystery woman with erotic secrets.
Slowly sliding the drawer open, he peered inside.  Just as he had expected.  All her delicate undies were folded and arranged in neat little piles.  Running his fingers over their silkiness, he reveled in the soft sensuality of their feel.  All her lingerie was so meticulously arranged, he thought she would know it if he moved one more than a quarter inch.  Letting his eyes roam over the lavish display of lace and nylon of all different colors and hues, he spied one lone pair of soft, pink panty hose lying by itself in a muddled heap.  Wondering why it wasn't neatly folded like the others, he daintily picked it up.
Feeling its silken texture with his fingers, he felt it slowly unravel itself.  Suddenly, almost unconsciously, he slowly spread the legs of her pantyhose apart and buried his nose in the darker, reinforced center of the crotch.  Inhaling deeply, he inhaled the ripe, rich smell of her sex that lingered on the panties.  A jolt of electricity tore through his cock as he quickly took another deep sniff.  
Suddenly, he felt a strange feeling come over him.  What would it feel like to wear his mother's pantyhose?  He had always tried to hide this deep, hidden secret from everyone.  The deep, deviant urge to feel the delicate caress of nylon and lace on his skin was almost overpowering.  Dropping her pantyhose to the bed, he quickly shucked his pants off and dropped them on the floor.  Sitting down, naked from the waist down, he picked up her pantyhose and as he had seen women do in movies, he slowly curled the hose up in his fist.
What the hell was he doing?  Had he gone mad?  What was this wild, impulsive drive that was urging him on? He had always considered himself a normal, red-blooded male, but somewhere down deep inside the most secret of places, he had a deviant desire to dress up in women's clothes.   And, now, here in his mother's room of all places, he was about to realize that fantasy.  God, he was a deviate.  Maybe he had gone crazy.  Maybe, the lack of sex had snapped something inside his brain?
Arching his toes, he quickly threaded his foot into a leg of the silky pinkness of the shimmering hose.  Gently pulling and smoothing the silken fabric up over his leg, he pulled the panty hose up one leg and then the other.  Then he stood up.  He stood there looking down at the pinkness of the hose encasing his legs.  Grinning lewdly, he reached down and gently took hold of the top of the hose that was still wadded around his hips.  Slowly, pulling the hose up, he hooked the waistband under his cock and slowly lifted it.  Pausing for a moment, he looked over at the mirror.  Smiling, he admired the way his big, half hard cock stuck out above the pantyhose.  And his legs didn't look too bad either, for a guy, he laughed to himself.
Then he began to pull and tug the panties up over his butt and his swollen manhood.  The soft, silken smoothness of the hose felt wonderful as it slid over his cock.  
Finally, he looked down at the crotch of her pantyhose.  Just the thought that his cock was rubbing up against the same material that his mother's cunt rubbed against was almost too much excitement to control.  The same place he had buried his nose in and smelled his mother ripe muskiness now caressed his own rockhard cock.  Crap, he was going to cum in her panties, if he didn't watch it. 
Then, he slowly turned around and faced away from the mirror.  Looking over his shoulder at the reflection of his clenched ass, he admired its tight hardness under the glimmering pinkness of the hose.  Then letting his eyes sweep down over the outline of his muscular legs swathed in the sheaths of glistening pinkness, he shoved his hand down into the front of her pantyhose and pulled out his rockhard penis.  Slowly, he began to stroke himself as he started to turn around and watch him beat off in the mirror...

Wednesday seemed to stretch into infinity for Gloria.   Frustrated at last night's failure to get laid, she couldn't wait to get home and use her vibrator.  She had told Brad that she would call him Saturday and set up where and when they would meet.  After that, he must have come by her office seven or eight times.  They had even stolen a few long, hot kisses behind her closed door.  But afraid he was going to give away their secret, she finally had to chase him away threatening to cancel their date if he didn't quit bothering her.  Finally, he had gotten the message and stopped coming by her office.
Finally, at three o'clock, she couldn't take it anymore.  She told her secretary that she was going to take some documents home to work on them and hurried out of the office.  
She pulled out of the parking lot and forced her way into the stream of traffic.  Her head was still spinning from what had happened at the party and the office today.  Her thoughts were in turmoil.  She felt like a bitch dog in heat and she could think of nothing but fucking.
This was so unlike her.  Always before, she had been able to control her deviant side, but after what Donald had said to her, she didn't care anymore.
She was ready to have an affair.  She needed to get her brains fucked out for about two or three days straight.  Maybe that would quieten the screaming madness inside her head.  
"FUCKHEAD," she yelled as another car cut in front of her making her slam on her brakes.
Throwing the offending driver a finger, she gunned her car and swerved around him giving him a withering 'go to hell' look.
Angry at the other driver, she easily traced her anger back to Donald..
Who could blame her for having an affair?
She smiled to herself as she thought about Brad.  Funny, he was about half her age.  He couldn't be much more than twenty.  Hell, he was just a couple of years older than her son, David.  She ought to be ashamed of herself for  robbing the cradle, she laughed as she roared up the ramp and onto the freeway.  She liked them young and virile.  She couldn't explain why.  Some women liked older guys, some liked younger guys.  She liked the younger ones.  Another strike against Donald, who was now almost fifty.  Ten years older than her thirty nine years.  
While Donald had let himself go, growing fat and lazy, she had exercised regularly, ate the right stuff, and could still wear the same clothes she wore when they got married.  Not that she wanted too, she smiled.  She now had much more expensive taste.  At 5 foot, eight inches, her thirty-eight, twenty-eight, thirty-two inch measurements still turned heads when she walked into a room.  Proof positive was Brad, the young intern she was planning to seduce.  He had been hitting on her for the past six months.  And he was a young stud.  Then as she found herself recalling the party, through the fog of sex that filled her mind, she suddenly remembered what had happened between her and her son, David.  She felt herself blushing as she thought back on it.
 They had gone to fix the table and forgetting that she didn't have any panties on, she had straddled him as she lifted the table seat.  She didn't know if he had seen up her dress or not, but he had certainly had the opportunity.  Come to think about it, maybe that was he had taken so long to fit the nut on the bolt, she thought to herself.  It was her own fault though, she just hadn't been thinking straight after the failed seduction of Brad.  
"Well, I hope if he did get a look," she growled, steering her car down the off ramp, "I hope that he enjoyed it."
Speeding down the road, she quickly came to her house and turned up into the driveway.  Seeing David's car parked in the driveway, she pulled in and parked beside it. 
Sliding out of the car, she started to slam the door shut, but something made her stop.  Easing it shut, she slithered over to the front door and quietly slipped her key into the lock.
Listening intently, she didn't hear anything so she stealthily slipped inside.  Reaching down, she slipped her heels off and silently stole across the room to the kitchen.  Peeking inside, she saw evidence that David had been there but wasn't there now.   Stealing over to the stairs, she soundlessly crept up the stairs.  Sneaking down to his room, she looked inside and saw his bookpack lying on his desk.  So where was he at?  He wasn't downstairs and he wasn't in his room.  Was he in the den, or was he in their room?  Her room, she repeated to herself, feeling her loathing for Donald resurface again.
Like a cat, she slithered down the hall toward her room.  Stopping outside, she slowly peeked around the door into her room.  
"Oh My God" she whispered under her breath.
David was standing in front of her dresser mirror with a pair of her pink  pantyhose on.  He was looking over his shoulder into the mirror.  Then she saw it.  His big, beautiful cock, jutting straight up in the air as he slowly ran his big, powerful hand up and down it.  
Shocked beyond belief,  she was having difficulty breathing. She couldn't move.  All she could do was stare at him.  His young, muscular body, masculine and virile in every way was partially encased in the tight, clinging femininity of a pair of her silky, pink pantyhose.  It sent shivers of excitement coursing up and down her spine.  The image horrified the mother in her, but it appealed to the deviant side of her nature.  And what a slab of meat he had.  She couldn't believe she was even thinking of her son in such a way, but who could blame her.  He had a beautiful body.  And penis.  Then a stinging spark of excitement arced through her pussy.
Then she realized that he was wearing a soiled pair of pantyhose that she hadn't had a chance to wash, yet.  Had he been able to smell her musk on them?  Had he wanted too?
Now what? She thought to herself.
Unsure what to do, she bent down and scooped up his pants and slowly stepped into the room...

 "Nice. Really Nice," she said in a quavering voice.
What?  Had someone said something?  David's heart jumped into his throat as he flung his head around.  His mother was standing in the doorway gawking at him.
 "Yes.  Very Nice."
 "WHAT IN THE FU..." He gasped, throwing his hands in front of himself to try and cover his bloated prick.
 "You look nice in panty hose," She laughed softly.
 "OH, SHIT, MOTHER," he groaned, turning away from her.
He heard her laugh and then saw that she was looking at his reflection in the mirror.
"OH, Fuck," he muttered.
He had to get away, but she was blocking the door.
Somehow, he had to get around her and out of the room, he thought as he headed for the door.
Then, just as he started to step around her, she reached out and put her hand on his chest, stopping him dead in his tracks.
"I'M SORRY.  I JUST..."
"Hold on," his mother commanded, "You aren't leaving with my pantyhose on.  Take them off."
 "MOTHER," he complained loudly, "Please."
 "Off," she told him. "Now."
 "For Christ's sake, Mom," he protested bitterly.
 "Oh, Come on," she told him, "I've seen it before."
He was mortified.  Turning around, he quickly peeled the nylons down his legs.  His whole body was beet red as he stepped out of the pantyhose.
 "Now hand them to me," she ordered him, standing with her hand extended toward him.
Trying to cover his throbbing cock with one hand, he reached down and picked up the hose.
 "Here," he groaned, handing her the crumpled wad of pink nylon.
 "I don't know what to think," she said, taking the hose from him and handing him his pants.  "I don't know that I've ever considered having a cross-dresser for a son."
 "God, Mom," he complained, bending over to pull his pants on.
He had to move his hand away from his cock to pull his pants up and when he did, his cock flopped out into the open again.
As he tugged his pants up, he saw that his mother was openly staring at his defiantly bouncing cock that was bouncing up and down impressively. Embarrassed beyond belief, he shoved it inside his pants as quickly as he could and recklessly jerked the zipper up.
 "EEEOOOwwwwwwww," he screeched as he felt the zipper bite into the delicate skin of his cock.
 "What?" his mother exclaimed.
 "Its caught in my zipper," he groaned.
 "Well, unzip it," she told him.
 "It will hurt, too much," he grimaced.
 "Here," she said, reaching for the zipper tab, "I'll do it."
 "No, it'll hurt," he complained, trying to fend her hand off without causing further damage to his mutilated prick.
 "Oh, don't be such a baby," she admonished him, pushing his hand away and jerking his zipper down.
 "OOUUCCcchhhhhh," he yelped as the zipper released its hold on his penis.
 "It hurts," he whimpered as his cock flopped back out into the open for the third time.
 "Let me see," his mother said, gently lifting his thick, heavy cock with her soft, warm fingers.
To David, her touch seemed more intimate than inquisitive
 "Silly, it's just a little nick," she giggled, gently running a finger around the tiny red scratch, "do you want me to kiss it and make it better."
 "MOTHER," he groaned loudly, "for God's sake."
 "I was just kidding," she laughed, "that's what I used to do when you were little and got an Owwie."
 "I know, but I'm not little anymore," he blushed, wishing she would just leave him in his misery.
 "I can see that," she grinned, gently squeezing his ballooning cock.
 "Mother, please," he begged, "you're embarrassing the hell out of me."
 "Well," she said slowly, finally releasing his swollen cock, "that is what you get for prowling around in my lingerie without my permission."
 "I'm sorry," he mumbled, turning around and carefully zipping his pants up, this time making sure that his cock wasn't in the way. 
"I won't do it again."
"No need to go that far," she said mischievously, a little smile playing across her lips, "just let me know the next time you want to dress up in women's clothes and I'll pick them out for you."
 "Jeez, Mother," he whined again, "enough is enough.  I've learned my lesson."
 "Just remember what I said," she winked.
David hurriedly stepped around her.  He didn't know which hurt the worst.  His pride or his cock, but he finally made it to his room and closed the door...

Gloria's face was on fire as she watched her son hobble down the hallway to his room.  Holding up her panty hose, she could plainly see the stain where he had leaked out his prefuck emissions.  If her thoughts had been in turmoil before, they were now being buffeted by cyclonic strength emotions.  
Her son liked to dress up in women's clothes.  Or was it just her clothes that gave him the thrill?  Was there a genetic link?  As she knew, she had always wanted to experience the odd, the bizarre, the impulsive sexual deviations.  Why, she could even imagine her assuming the role of the male if given the opportunity.
The wicked thoughts pouring through her psyche were reaching a dangerous level.  She had to do something to cool the furnace-like heat pouring from her pulsating womanhood before she did something stupid.  Slamming the door shut, she scurried over to the bed.  Fumbling with the catch on the side of her dress, she fell to her knees and reached under the bed.  The clasp on her dress popped open just as her hand touched the slick smoothness of her vibrator.  Standing, she felt her skirt slither to the floor.
Tossing her long, white toy down, she fell back onto the bed and quickly jerked her panties down her long, tapered legs.
Spreading her legs, she picked up the vibrator and flicked it on.  Jamming it down between her widespread legs, she winced in pain as the hard plastic  knob ground down into the soft flesh surrounding her throbbing clitoris.
Then almost at once, the pain was replaced by a river of pleasure pouring from her clitoris.
She held the buzzing toy against herself as she fought for relief from the maddening cravings she felt.  
Then as she struggled to reach a climax, the image of her son's thick, swollen maleness filled her mind.  So big.  So hard.  So masculine.  So beautiful.  So wickedly erotic.  So forbidden.
Her mind pored over the image of his penis, traveling from the swollen, purple head down the thick shaft criss-crossed with bulging blue veins to his dangling balls.  Then abruptly, she felt her pussy explode into a million shards of pleasure.  
"Annnnggggghhhhhhhhhh," she gasped as she arched her back and let her whole body be engulfed by an unholy conflagration of pleasure...

Hearing his mother's door slam behind him, David pushed his door closed and stumbled over to his bed.  Feverishly, he unsnapped his pants and shucked them down his legs.  Falling back onto the bed, he grabbed his cock and began to stroke it furiously.
The drowning surge of hormones pouring through his body had already smothered the pain of the tiny nick on his penis.  The emotions that he was feeling were of much more importance than some small, insignificant wound that was now little more than a swollen redness on his cock.
The burning sting of his mother's fingers still lingered in his mind and on his throbbing cock as he tried to pound it into submission.  Wild, crazy images of her and the man filled his mind. Then suddenly, wickedly, he found the man's image replaced by his as he held her in his arms.  Then it was him sucking on her breast, his finger dipping into the soft, wetness of her cunt.
"Sheeeeiiiiiitttttttt," he groaned as his cock exploded in his hand sending a fountain of thick, creamy semen spurting high into the air.
Again and again, it erupted spewing gushes of his hot potency up into the air and down onto his thighs until they were coated with his hot stickiness...

The end of Part One, A Near Miss...

The Baron hopes you enjoyed it...

HeHeHe...

Baron Darkside...(;-{)
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....


