adltfilm.txt
                           Roger Vladimir
                             Adult Films

Oh shit! This guy makes porno movies! You heard of them, but had never seen 
one.  Why didn't you read it more carefully? You decide it is time for  you 
to leave. So you head for the door. He blocks you and asks where you  think 
you are going. "Home," you tell him.

"Unh-uh. Not so fast babe. Remember those contracts you signed? You want me 
to sue your ass off? Looks to me like you don't even have enough money  for 
a lawyer."

Damn!  He tricked you. It's not fair! But you don't know what to  do.  He's 
right,  you can't afford lunch, much less a lawyer. So you  decide  there's 
nothing you really can do. You don't want to go to jail.

"Ok. What do I have to do to get them back?"

"Just come here and let me be nice to you," he says, grinning.

You  walk over to him, and he again puts his arms around your  waist.  Only 
this time, his hands fall on your ass, giving it a squeeze. You just  stand 
there.  He  tells you if you aren't going to be happy about  it,  it's  not 
worth doing, and he'll just go call the lawyers. So you decide that as long 
as you are going to have to do it, you might as well enjoy it. 

He holds you tight, and starts kissing you on the mouth, putting his tongue 
in between your teeth. You push back, and swirl yours against him. You feel 
him  pressing  his hardening cock against your skirt, rubbing up  and  down 
against your pubic bone.

He  takes  your hand and puts it on his cock, through his pants.  It  feels 
big,  but you don't let him know you think so. You'll play along,  but  you 
aren't going to give him the idea he's the best. You figure the best way to 
get back at him is to pretend you are the greatest lover in the world,  and 
he  is merely a little boy trying to live in a man's body. You'll show  him 
he's just a kid.

He  puts  his hands on your shoulders and pushes you to  the  floor.  After 
pushing  his jacket out of the way, you unzip his fly, reach in,  and  pull 
out  his  cock. No underwear, you notice. It's not huge, but it's  not  too 
small either. He tells you to be nice to it, and kiss it. Instead, you open 
your  mouth and shove it way inside. It's still only partially hard, so  it 
slides  all  the way in with no problem. You don't even gag a  little.  You 
feel  the head hitting where your tonsils used to be, and it  feels  pretty 
good.  You  start to suck on him, flexing your throat  muscles  around  his 
shaft,  squeezing the length of him. He moans, and pushes his hips  against 
your face.

After  sucking him to his full length, you slip his cock from  your  mouth, 
taking a long time to get it all the way out. He picks you up and drops you 
unceremoniously on the couch, making your skirt rise up above your pussy. 

He  comes over and peels your underwear off (you are wearing no  stockings. 
Too hot), and unzips the skirt. He takes it off, and throws it behind  him. 
Then he drops his head between your legs, and starts nibbling on your inner 
thighs.  Your clit starts to tingle, but you show no sign. He licks up  and 
down  the  inside  of both thighs before kissing your pussy  lips  ever  so 
gently.  You  feel your clit growing. Oh fuck, you decide.  Might  as  well 
enjoy  it.  So your open your legs wide, and reach down to hold  your  cunt 
open.  He  takes the the opportunity and delves his tongue deep  into  your 
pussy, licking at the sweet, semi-sticky juices already forming there. Your 
start  to rub your clit as he mouth fucks your cunt. It has grown  to  it's 
3/4  inch full length by now, and he moves your hands to suck it. He  licks 
around  it, across it, and rubs his teeth against it. Ooh, it  feels  good. 
It's been a LONG time since anyone ate you. You squeeze your thighs against 
his  head, and pull him in tighter. He goes back to licking your slit,  and 
then pushes a finger into you. You feel it squirming around inside you, and 
you start pressing your hips against it. He turns around and gets on top of 
you,  putting  his cock back into your mouth. So THIS is a 69,  you  think. 
Never having done it before, you decide you need to explore more. You start 
taking long strokes on his cock, sucking it all the way in, drawing it  out 
to the head, and then shoving it in again. He is still licking your clit.

He  moves  and  take his hand out of your pussy and replaces  it  with  his 
tongue. Then you feel a pressure against your ass. Oh no! He's not going to 
do that, is he? You squeeze your ass, so he can't get in. He pushes  harder 
and  tells  you to relax. Eventually you do, and you feel his  finger  slip 
into your ass. At the same time he pushes his tongue into you as far as  he 
can  get  it,  and  you can feel his  finger  against  his  tongue,  barely 
separated  by your pussy walls. You suck him harder, start moving his  hips 
up and down faster, and feel his balls tighten. You start bucking your hips 
against his mouth and hands, and he moans.

He starts shooting his cum into you, and that sets you off, making you come 
all  over his tongue. You drink him down, swallowing the sweetness  of  his 
cum. Drinking it all in, you don't miss a drop. You relax as your a  orgasm 
subsides and brings you back to Earth.

After getting off of you, he asks if you still want your contract back. You 
decide "No. I think I'll try this line of work for awhile. When's my  first 
job?"

