 As she awoke she marveled at the softness and coolness of the sheets
enveloping her. The warm soft sun shown through the sheer curtains,
and as she rubbed her eyes, it dawned on her that she wasn't quite
sure where she was....

As she looked around the room and her eyes fell on him, it all
came back to her. Dennis sat in the budoir chair watching her with 
firey eyes of interest. They had been casual friends for a while, and
her drunken admission to him in conversation at a party the last night
that she was into submission had gotten her an offer to spend 
Saturday with him. She new him well enough to not refuse.

As she stretched he moved from the chair and silently moved towards her,
taking something from behind his back as he neared her. Winding the
piece of black cloth in his hands, he surprised her into stillness by
placing it across her face and into her mouth, gently tying it in back,
tight enough so that it dug in between her jaws a bit. Stretching 
out his hand in an offer of support he raised her to her feet, taking a 
moment to look at her in the wonderfully soft and silky teddy she had
worn to bed. With a flicker of his eye and a quick wave of his hand he
had grasped the plunging neckline and ripped the silk right down the middle,
allowing her breasts to bulge out and showing at the bottom of the rip
her dark mound of pubic hair. He chuckled at the surprise in her
eyes, and saw fit to speak to her.

"I know what you like, I can read it in your eyes, they are a very clear
window to your soul. I can tell what you want, what you need. I happen
to have complimenting needs, desires, and wants, and as so will do my
best to fulfill yours while fulfilling mine. You will have little say in
what goes on here, although if you feel that you cannot and will not take
any more of a specific situation, then make it clear to me. Do not falsify
the end of your wits or you will be punished for it."

"Shall we begin?"

She nodded a silent yes to his awaiting gaze.

As he walked around her, he grabbed the low cut back of her teddy and 
ripped it down the back, and with a swift pull broke the snaps at the crotch
and let the shredded garment fall to the floor. He paused to look at her
shape, very soft and lovely, her milky skin, and warm brown hair. "Follow me"
he said as he placed a hand on her shoulder and walked out of the room. She
wasn't sure where they were going, or if anyone else was in the large house...

Going down stairs he knocked on a door at the end of the hall. Her heart
almost stopped at the thought of another person seeing her nakedness, 
she had never thought of any contact with anyone other than him. As he
turned to look at her and read her reaction, he saw the fear in her eyes
and gently stroked her chin to calm her. The door opened and a man was walking
away from the door as he entered and she followed. The man walked to a table,
returning with a pair of leather wrists cuffs with a strap between them and
also a lead coming off of their junction. He walked to her, smiled, and
gently placed them on her wrists. She was so stunned with the situation 
that she didn't have the brain power to think of refusing. As he tightened
them, he then grabbed the lead and led her over to a table. Without a 
word he pushed her to stand right against it, and as Dennis watched, he
bent her over the table, securing the lead onto a ring on the floor
directly below the other side of the table. The table was just
the right highth to lay her stomach on, and she realized quickly that
unless her thighs were pressed tight together, she was totally exposed. 
Standing with her ankles together she silently wondered and worried. 

The man then walked out of her sight and returned to her back side and 
spread her ankles enough to place ankle cuffs on them. As she had
feared, he then pulled on a lead attatched to each of them, in an attemp
to spread her legs. When she resisted, he gave a sharp tug, and when she
resisted again, he let go, and walked away again. Suddenly, a sharp
smack of a small strip of leather stung her ass, just enough to make
her realize that this was serious. As the man spread her legs and 
tied her ankles far apart she could feel the air caress her explosed
ass and pussy, the air gently teasing her hair. 

As if reading her mind, Dennis walked around in front of her as
she wondered what he was doing. He was now wearing a simple black 
robe, belted at the waist, and nothing else. She was being tied up
to be fucked, she thought. The thought of it made her tingle and begin
to moisten. 

"Now," said Dennis as if to address her wonders, "we are going to take
sort of an inventory. My friend here will examine every part of your
body and comment on it. He has my permission to touch you in any 
way he sees fit, to do with you as he wishes. She felt hands run up and
down her sides, starting from her underarms and going to her hips. "Wonderful
skin, soft and smooth." Hands traveled down her legs, covering every inch of
their surface, up and down, up and down, as he felt every cell. "Legs
are firm, very smooth, taken care of. Moist skin, nicely shaped." In turn
he felt her feet, her ankles, up to her back, commenting on shape and feel
at every turn. Down her arms, to her hands, then back up her arms, 
over shoulders, into her hair, grabbing handfulls of it and gently pulling.
He traveled then down to her lower back, and gently passed his palms over 
the cheeks of her ass. Her legs were spread so that even the lips of
her cunt were spread, the air hitting the hood of her clit. All he 
said was, "Nice, very nice," as he seemed to view her exposed sex. 
Rather strongly, he placed his palms on her ass cheecks and pulled them apart, 
gently blowing on her tight tiny hole and watching as she flinched in 
response. She felt her face glow read with the embarrassing inspection, 
she hadn't felt so exposed in all her life. He placed his thumbs on her vulva
and spread her lips, looking into the tight unfilled area of her vagina, 
a dark pink and already glistening slightly. He gently drew a finger up 
between her inner lips and stopped to rest his finger on her already straining
clit. She moaned as the pressure shot warmth through her body, her whole 
crotch ached from the increasing blood pressure in the region caused by 
the fact that she was tied up and being poked and prodded by a man and watched
through it all by another. 

"Do I need to tie you down for this," Dennis enquired with a raise of his
eyebrow. She slightly paused and then when he looked solemn she vigorously
shook her head no.

"Good, then as we turn you over we won't have to do that."

He unfastened the lead to her hands, and the other man let her ankles free 
totally from the cuffs. Gently Dennis rolled her over, and held her hands
above her head by the lead. He helped her scoot up onto the table so that only
her calves dangled off, and pulled slightly on her wrists to raise her arms
higher, causing her back to arch slightly and push her breasts out. The man
returned and continued his caressing and commentary, noting her ticklish
jump when he came upon her sides, and how her nipples were hard as rocks
although she her breasts hadn't been so much as touched. 

Then he cupped a hand over each breast, gently feeling their firmness 
under his palms, the hard nipples pushing into his hand. His hands
were warm, so in contrast with the rest of the room. 

Continueing down her body, she resisted slightly as he tried to spread
her legs, and he looked to Dennis. "Perhaps for this next part we need
to tie her down as before." Her heart jumped, she wondered what they had in
mind to do to her that would make her resist... 

Gently she was rolled over and pulled down the table again so she was
bent over it, and then her ankles were tied apart, yet Dennis still held
the lead to her hands. He placed a hand on her head and soothingly
stroked her hair, and it calmed her but at the same time made her wonder why he
felt she needed to be calmed... what did he know that she didn't? 

She heard the other man bring over a bad and drop it on the floor and then
open it up. Looking at Dennis with pleading eyes he gently said, "Don't
worry, we're just going to sort of see what you can take. Just relax."
Her eyes widened as she wondered what in the world that could mean...
And remembered the sizes of objects she'd had the chance to see at other
times in her life.

She felt the man gently begin to rub her ass, and then he gently slipped
his hand between her legs, resting his palm against her clit, and 
just gently rubbing and pushing. She dropped her head onto the table and
moaned, and he increased the pressure as she tried to push back on him.
She felt him with the other hand pull at one side of her lips, and felt the
tip of something press against the opening to her vagina. She jumped a bit,
and as he gently began to work something into her, she welped as she could
as the rather large head of the object pushed past her tight outer muscles. 
She moaned and began to struggle as the object seemed to begin to increase
in size as it was pushed farther into her. She felt her lips and muscles
being stretched farther than she'd ever experienced. Not an unpleasant 
feeling, although as he stopped she relaxed and things felt much better. 
He gently began to push in and slightly pull out, giving her just a bit more
every time. She thought for sure he couldn't get any deeper inside of her.
As she relaxed and lubricated she also began to climb toward orgasm. As
she began to rock back and forth the little that she could, he gently
withdrew the object from her, and Dennis said, "Perhaps something a little
larger?" She looked at him thinking surely he had to be kidding. Obviously
not since she felt the man place another object her lips, and Dennis stroked
her hair as she began to fidget from the anticipation. As the man slowly
pushed, her muscles began to fight the intrision, because she could tell
that it was markedly larger than anything that had been inside of her before.
It was obviously made for such use, though, for she could tell it
was made in the phallic form, with a ridged head. She let out a deep moan
that turned more into a screech as he steadily pushed it into her. She began
to lightly try and move around, but stopped when she realized that this
made her only feel it all the more. She was gasping with each breath as he
finally stopped pushing it into her, and her lips almost hurt with the
distance they were stretched. "That will be fine," Dennis said.

Gently this was removed and she relaxed. She felt his warm hands on 
her again, spreading her lubrication around her crotch with his palm and 
urging her into deeper relaxation as the warm feelings darted from her clit
all over her body. His hands left her and one returned, gently massaging 
her cheek. Suddenly her body went taunt as she felt his finger, wet with 
something slippery, gently dance around the ring of her anus. She lost 
her breath at the surprise, and tried to push herself away as he gently applied
pressure. She screached in protest as his finger gently dialated her tight
hole, just slighty reaching into her. Since no one was paying heed, she
continued screaching and began to thrash back and forth in her bonds, 
making it as obvious as possible that she wasn't comfortable with this.

"I thought her ass was virgin," said the man, as Dennis sternly eyed her.
He answered with a simple "Continue" and then pulled the wrist lead tighter
giving her less room to move. 

The man went back to gently massaging his finger around her ass, and then 
gently slipped it inside. He added plenty of lubricant, applying both to
his hand and her ass each time. She loosened up and it began to feel good,
although strange, but her fear of what he was going to do next kept her
from relaxing and enjoying it. She screached again as he gently pressed
two fingers into her, not from pain but from surprise, and as he sunk them
as far into has he could, from slight discomfort. Again she began to thrash
around, in hopes of ending this horribly embarrassing scene. She heard
Dennis snap his fingers and the man removed his fingers, causing her to calm 
down and return to stillness, breathing hard from her restrained efforts.

She looked forward to Dennis, with a look of relieved thanks on her face,
and looked stunned as he began to take off his robe. "I see I'm going to
have to do this myself," he said, and she tried to deny what he meant
as he dropped the robe totally to reveal the parts of him she'd never seen.
He was a lovely man, with a dark, sculpted body, that while well defined 
and covered in places with dark hair looked soft and warm, not severe and cold.
Her gaze fell onto his cock and she prayed that he didn't intend to 
continue where the other man had left off. His manhood was beautiful, but
he was large. Larger than any lover she had had. And most certainly larger
than she wanted to attemp anal sex with. She looked at him with pleading eyes
once more, and a tear actually escaped her eye, not purposely. He bent
down to kiss her, lightly caressing her face with light brushes of his
lips. "Relax, don't worry. With patience it's possible, and it's something
you must do. I know you don't want it this way. If you promise to at least
try, I'll undo all this and we'll go into my bedroom. I won't hurt you, 
please trust me. Will you go?" She looked at him for a second, and although
surprised at her desire to do this, she didnt' deny it and shook her head.
His first movement was to take off the piece of cloth that was her gag. 
Then the other man released her from the ankle cuffs, and Dennis
walked behind her to help her up from her bending position she'd kept for
quite a while. He helped her stretch, and massaged her back as she
did. He then gently took her hand and led her out of the room and down the
hall farther. As they turned into a doorway they entered his bedroom, 
gorgeously done in dark wood, a deep green and cream colorscheme. The huge
waterbed was covered with a dark green comforter, and on the opposite
side of the room was a large cabinet with tv, stereo, the works on it. A 
desk with two chairs was positioned in the end of the room that was an angled
window, with curtains of deep green and cream threads running through them
pulled slightly back from the windows, letting the sunshine in. The room
was large and airy, and to the left of the window was a door that
she assumed led to a bathroom. He didn't turn to close the door, but 
enveloped her in a large warm hug, gently stroking her back as she relaxed
and settled the contours of her body into his, enjoying his warm masculine 
smell and feel of his skin.

Releasing he walked over and closed the heavy curtains, greatly cutting
down the light in the room. Over to the stereo he turned on a cd playing 
low, and then motioned for her to lie on the bed. She slid onto the soft
cover and sunk into the warm waterbed, stretching and relaxing in it's 
comfort. Rolling around in it, she smelled the smell that was charactaristic
of him, and inhaled it deep. He returned from the door that was the
bathroom with a small bottle, and laid it beside the bed as he crawled
in with her, snuggling up behind her, wrapping his warm arms around her
body and pulling her near. The contrast to the cold and impersonal 
scene she'd just been in was incredible, and she liked this much better,
but appreciated the intenseness that the prior had been able to make. 
He lowered his head to her neck and sweeping away her hair gently nipped
at her neck. She shivered and squirmed as a moan escaped her lips and she
pushed back into him. She felt his cock in the small of her back, he
hadn't lost a touch of his erection, and she felt his hand leave her side
and move his cock lower, so that the head was pressing between the cleft
of her ass. She gasped, and her heart raced, and taking a deep breath she
tried to relax as he gently whispered in her ear for her to relax. 

He rolled over and reached onto the floor, taking the bottle. He laid
it between them, to warm it, and she jumped as the cold touched her back.
He gently slipped his hand between her thighs, feeling the wet river that
was coming from between her legs. She was excited and scared at the same
time, understandable, and he intended for the experience to be likewise
rewarding. 

Gently trying to spread some of her libricant back around to her ass, he
opened the bottle and applied some to her backside. She was laying
on her side, and he made no motion for her to move so she did her best
to simply concentrate on relaxing. He slid a finger into her rather easily,
and she fought the urge to tense up, and before long he had two fingers
gently rotating around inside of her. Her ass was tight around just his
two fingers, but he knew that with patience she would relax more. Gently
removing his fingers he applied some lube to his cock, and gently began to 
rub it around her asshole, not pressing into her, just massaging the
already slightly sore area. She fought to relax, and he went back
to kissing and stroking her, reaching around and taking a breast into his
hand, feeling the warm weight of it, pinching her painfully hard nipples
between his thumb and finger. He reached one hand down in front, and cupping
his palm around her mound sunk two fingers into her dripping cunt, making
her moan and press down onto his hand, and she began to move her hips around
so that his palm would massage her clit, which was swollen enough that he
could actually feel it pressing against his hand. 

As she busied herself with these feelings, he used his hips to 
manuever his cock directly over her anus, and gently began to push. At
first she only moaned, the stimulation only adding to her pleasure. As he 
realized this wasn't enough, he began to push harder, listening to every 
sound and looking at every move she made, not wanting to hurt her if 
at all possible. Slowly, almost unnoticeably, her hole began to dialate
and he felt himself slipping into her cell by cell, that slowly. He 
held the pressure steady, and she gasped as she realized what was happening,
and after taking a few deep breaths and steadying herself, she actually
pushed back! He was amazed that she had suddenly changed from being scared
to eager, but realized by her breathing that she must be close to orgasm.
He felt her ring of muscles tight around the head of his cock, and knew
that sooner or later it would hurt her before she'd take it all. He stopped
the pressure and applied a bit more lube around his cock as it barely stuck
into her, and around her hole, and then wiping his hand clean he went back 
to her wet pussy and targeted her clit directly with his finger. She 
gasped and moaned as he gently started to trace circles around her clit, 
and as she began to swivel her hips around with him he pushed into again,
so slowly, it was almost impossible to tell if he was going inside of her.
She gently pushed back, not allowing her pelvis to move away from 
him, and her breathing increased as his circles increased in speed and 
came closer and closer to going directly over her clit. He felt every 
muscle in her lower body start slight tremblings, and tensing, and he 
increased the pressure and she gasped as his head slipped past her, her
breath caught in her throat because it had hurt a bit. He eased, and 
increased his work on her clit, mentally pleading and begging her to come,
and as he slipped a finger into her he felt her begin to tighten.
As she began moaning her orgasm, he thrust hard into her ass, making her
scream as he buried himself up to the hilt in her warm soft ass. Her sounds
were too much for him, it was all he could do to stop himself from exploding,
he had felt her orgasm so powerfully in every cell of his body, his cock, 
his brain, everywhere. 

His excitement cooled a bit as he heard her sniff, and he held her close,
asking her what was wrong. "I'm sorry, I had to, it was the only way..." he
pleaded with her, he hadn't wanted to hurt her, but she had to simply 
get used to the idea that yes, it was possible and could be done. She shook
her head, and as she whispered, "No,' she made it clear that she wasn't
hurt badly or upset by tensing her ass, almost ripping his penis off 
inside of her. The intensity of her orgasm, only intensified by the huge
explosion of warm pain she had felt as he thrust into her, had been almost
enough to make her cry, just out of sheer powerfulness. He had done
all he could, the pain itself would have been horrible, but the pleasure of
her orgasm overwhelmed it a thousand times and made it but a small speck
in the universe.

As her breathing slowed he gently began to withdraw from her, intending
to let her rest, and he was surprised when her hand flew behind her and grasped
his hip, not letting him move back farther. She pushed back into him,
impaling herself again on his cock. He snuggled up to her back,
and reaching around to grab the other breast he slowly began to move in 
and out of her, removing and entering farther each time. 

She began to rock with him, in a slightly faster pace, and he matched hers,
and couldn't help but groan as she tightened up. His hand moved to her
crotch again, and he buried three fingers in her this time, using his 
palm again to grind her clit back and forth, around and around. 
He began to groan with every thrust he made, and she felt him start to
build toward orgasm. She could simply feel it in the intensity of his being.
Some how he began to move his fingers around as he rubbed her clit, and the
feeling of her vagina and ass being filled was too much, she began to tremble
and let out a screech as she orgasmed, and when she did, she tightened, 
the pressure on his cock inbearable, and he exploded, biting down on 
her neck as he pouring hot white liquid, which she gasped as she felt, 
into her deep. She felt the pulsing of his cock inside of her, and he 
felt the loving pulses of her satisfied vagina around his fingers. 

As they returned to lower heart rates and slower breathing, he pulled his
hand from her crotch, her moaning to see him to, and gently rocked
back to pull himself from her. He rolled over onto his back, and, suddenly
tired, relaxed. She turned over, and rolled into his awaiting arms. 
He wrapped his arm around her shoulder as she nestled her head on his
chest, and curled up beside him, still feeling all that had just happened.
It wasn't but a few minutes before they were both asleep.
