Archive-name: Bondage/adonis.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Adonis


    Slowly, he began removing her clothing, his hand gently
caressing her soft skin. She moaned lightly as his hands reached beneath
her top and massaged her breasts. Her legs parted instinctively as he
explored beneath her laced briefs. She glanced into the mirror above them
and studied the immense contrast between her petit body against his naked
Adonis form. Soon her clothing layed in a crumpled pile beside the bed.
The room was hot and steamy, and their body glistened with moisture.
He stood in front of her, held her hands above her head, and told
her to kneel down. As she descended, her tongue quietly explored his
muscular chest. Lower and lower she went, until her mouth engulfed
the tip of his erected manhood. He moaned with delight as he held her
arms apart and shackled them to fur-laced handcuffs dangling from the
ceiling. He removed himself from her, took her nylons from the floor,
and gagged her. The ankle shackles on the edges of the bed quickly held
her legs apart. He then lotioned her body and his with baby oil, his
fingers exploring her curves and penetrating her crevices of desire.
Her sounds of ecstasy were getting louder, but still muffled.


    He took an artificial phallus from the hot water, and beginning
at her mouth slowing moved it downwards. It moved past her neck, down
between her breasts, and past her navel.  She closed her eyes in
anticipation of the piercing of her womanhood. Instead, he only
slightly parted her now moist lips. Slowly but firmly he inserted the
warm, pulsating rod into her other orifice. Her gasp of suprise soon
turned into sounds of desire as he plunged it deeper and deeper while
several fingers of his other hand stimulated her tunnel of love. Her
body squirmed in pleasure, but her movements were futile against the
chains that bound her.

    When she had been filled, he again move in front of her and
positioned himself. He entered her slowlyy, savoring how easy her juices
have made the entry. Her breathing and gasping was getting heavier, in
rhythm with his powerful thrusts.  His hands roamed her body, squeezing
her breasts mercilessly and pulling and twisting the phallus stuffed
into her. Her arms and legs fought a useless battle against the shackles
that held her open to his pounding, now faster and deeper. She thrashed
about wildly, becoming one with the chains that bind her. She exists only
to please as he ravaged her with ever increasing intensity. Her screams
of joy crashed through the wall tied tightly between her lips.  The room
was spinning as she threw her head back and looked up.  In the dream like
image above she saw a slave, bound and gagged, under complete control of
her master. He was rewarding her virginity with the most sinful pleasure.
He too was in a spinning room, his body tight and shone with sweat.
All his essence was entering and leaving her.  Finally, with a yell of
triumph, he shot into her deepest regions, his juice mixing with hers.
She let out a last, exhausted moan, overwhelmed by the fires that
pierced her.

    He held her close for a moment, then withdrew from her.  He
took the second phallus from the hot water and with one hand rammed it
completely into her while the other pushed the first all the way in.
Through the gag she begged him to stop. A leather strap was tied around
her waist, and a second strap looped from front to back. The rods that
continued to heat and vibrate are now held in. With another series of
straps her breasts were held up and tied. He then took three small
chains, all connect at one end. At the end of the chains are clamps.
Two clamps gripped her nipples, while the third gripped her clitoris.
He turns off the lights and leaves the room, to attend to his next
slave.

    She is now left in the darkness, still chained and gagged, with
the rods growing deeper into her and the clamps tightening their grip.
Her body glistened like an angel, her arms and legs held apart as if
she was in flight. She writhed and moaned uselessly, feeling the
build-up of the glistened like an angel, her arms and legs held apart
as if she was in flight. She writhed and moaned uselessly, feeling the
build-up of the tidal wave about to washed her. As moans of delight
drifted in from outside, she closed her eyes and fantasized.

-- 
