(c) Copyright 1997 Drifter  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.




SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL            NOT INTENDED FOR MINORS

Note: I am reposting the Drifter stories to Backdrop

	                  (Mast, Ff. Inc)     

                         The Adventures of Susan
                    by Drifter
          
                          Chapter 1     Awakening

     Susan Danata, at 15, almost 16 she would say, was a burgeoning beauty
and recently had become terribly aware of herself, mostly because of all the
attention she had been getting from boys.  Today,  just  home from school, she
rushed to her bedroom, her full young boobs bouncing nicely as she trotted
up the stairs. Dumping her books, she stripped completely nude quickly and
then stared at herself in the full length mirror.  She slowly took close inventory,
her hair was jet black, long and shinney.   It framed her delightful young face, 
dark brown eyes,  cute nose,  full lips.  Susan loved her full lips... thought they
looked sexy.  Having satisfied herself her face was fine she continued her
inventory to her well developed young body.

     Everyone in her family of Italian descent had huge boobs, as Susan liked
to refer to them.  Hers were just become a nice size and still growing. They
were round uplifted melons that would fill your hands already. On her 5'4" frame
her 34c breasts were certainly eye catching.  That is what started this inventory,
her boobs.  Tommy Johnson  had passed her in the hall that day and winked at
her saying softly, "God you have great boobs Susan."

     Susan had hit him on the shoulder and called him a fink, but she loved 
that he had noticed.  Soon she would be 16,  when her parents had said she
could start dating and she hoped Tommy would ask her out for her first date. 
He was always flirting with her lately.  And she had carried a crush on him for
years.

     Now her eyes dropped in the mirror to her small waist her flaring hips,
turning she admired her cute tight firm ass.  She loved the way guys looked at
her butt.  Her legs were long and well shaped, good legs, she thought... and
they were.  At the v of those darling legs was her delightful mons, covered now
with dark hair, the lips of her vagina peeking into view. Susan was quite the
sexy young lady. Anyone able to see this vision would have been stirred. 

     Satisfied at her appearance Susans small hands slid up over her flat
stomach and cupped a full young breast in each hand.  She closed her
eyes and squeezed them as she pinched her hardening nipples. She sighed
from the thrill this always gave her and thought, Tommy would like to do
this I bet. Maybe I will let him soon.

     Susan felt that familiar warmth in her pussy, her favorite word for that
part of her anatomy.  She liked to stroke and scratch her pussy and hear it
purr.... Now one hand dropped to her favorite pet and she rubbed lightly
over her erect clit.  She sighed and moved to the bed as her knees began
to feel shaky.  On her back on her big bed, she spread her legs and raised
her knees as her finger began the familiar circling of her clit, down through
her outer labia, now very wet. Her finger trailed lower until it crossed lightly
over her sensitive anus.  With each new touch Susan's hips bucked forward
involuntarily. 

     In a moment she had things in her favorite play position, two fingers in
her pussy's, another in her tight ass and her thumb tracing over her hard clit
rapidly as she fingered her ass and pussy.  It was a two handed job and it
never took long at this and Susan stiffened, groaned loudly and came..... It
lasted several minutes as she lay there still toying with herself, feeling the after
shocks of her orgasm hitting her. Her legs slid flat on the bed as she pulled her
fingers free from her pleasure zones and brought them to her nose.  She
inhaled deeply.  She loved the musky smell of her pussy.  Those two fingers
entered her full pouty lips and she sucked on them, feeling the thick moisture
from her pussy.  She loved the taste also.  It excited her, frequently to the point
of having a repeat of her orgasm.

     But not today.  She jumped up as she remembered she had to fix dinner for
her folks.  They were going to a party that night at some friends, their 15th
anniversary or something.  Her folks had lots of friends and went out often. 
Sometimes all night or even for the entire weekend.  Her folks had been
married 16 years. They had her shortly after they had been married.  Susan had
often wondered if they had to get married earlier than planned because of her. 
She had read a book about a 'love' baby once and she liked to think she was
conceived before her folks were married. 

     In fact she was.  Tony and Maggie would have gotten married soon anyway
but Susan's unplanned entry rushed them a little.  Instead of waiting until they
graduated from college to get married they did it their senior year.  

     She thought her folks were gorgeous, and they were, still romantic, still fun
and still in love with each other.  Susan loved that.  She also loved to sneak to
their door late at night when they were making love and peek in by opening the
door a tiny crack.  She had seen her parents do just about everything sexual -
oral, vaginal, anal, between Mom's big boobs... She particularly loved the way
her Mom talked dirty during their sex. It was exciting and she always got herself
off as she watched them secretly.  

     At least she thought it was secretly, the truth was her parents knew she
watched them and approved.  How better to learn the facts then to see two
people who loved each other show it physically. Sex was a very important
part of Tony and Maggie's lives.  They wanted Susan to be well adjusted in
that area and hoped that she would enjoy sex as much as they had and still did.
Both Tony and Maggie watched Susan's development carefully.

     Now Susan was in the kitchen getting everything started for dinner.  Her
Mom got home first and gave her a big hug and a kiss.  Maggie was as
proud of Susan as a Mother can get. She was sweet, beautiful, open and
loving. And sexy,  Maggie still held Susan close as she patted her cute ass
lovingly. Mother and daughter had a mutual admiration going strong.  Then
Susan smiled at her Mom the way she always did when she had something
new to report. The two of them were completely open with each other about
everything.  Maggie was well aware that Susan masturbated almost every
day and approved.  They had even talked about it, including how to make it
feel better.  That was how Susan learned how it could theill her to play with her
tight little anus too.   And although Susan didn't know it yet, her Mom had
already bought her a vibrator for her 16th birthday coming up next month. 

     Maggie saw the smile and said,

     "OK tell me before you explode."

     "Tommy told me I had nice boobs today."

     "Hmmm... well you do darling.  I'm not sure I like him announcing that to
the world but it's nice that he noticed isn't it."

     "Yeah Mom, real nice.   I think I'm going to marry Tommy someday."

     Susan still had that after sexy dreamy look on her face and Maggie was
sure of what she had done as soon as she got home from school, as
usual.  Maggie swatted her cute little ass and said,

     "OK sex pot, get busy peeling those potatoes while I change clothes."

     But instead Susan followed her Mom to her bedroom.  Maggie had just
hung her clothes up and was standing nude as Susan walked in.  Nudity
was no big deal in the house and Maggie stood looking at her darling
daughter while Susan was looking her Mom's full body over closely.  Then
Susan said, 

     "Will my boobs get as big as your Mom?"

     "I expect so darling.  It runs in our family.  You're already well on your
way."

     "Men like big boobs a lot don't they?"

     Maggie laughed to herself as she replied,       "Yes they do honey."

     Maggie slipped into her robe but left it hanging open sexily and said,

     "Was their something else on your mind honey?"

     "Well ... Yes... I can date when I turn 16 right Mom... how do I get
Tommy to ask me for a date?"

     "Susan, from what I hear, you don't have to worry about that.  His Mom
shared with me that he is quite taken by you.  I suspect he will ask you
soon enough.  In the meantime just have fun with him, be nice to him, and
if that doesn't work, wear a low cut blouse to school.  That should do it."

     "MOM...."

     Maggie winked at her lovely daughter and rushed her back to the
kitchen. She had to get showered before Tony got home.   

     She stepped out of the shower just as her husband walked into the
bedroom.  He watched his sexy wife dry her lush body and started to get an
erection.  He walked up behind her and slid his arms around her, cupping
her big bare breasts in his hands.   Maggie straightened up and leaned
back into him, enjoying it as he caressed her.

     "That feels nice my Lord, but you shouldn't start something you can't
finish right away."

     Tony kissed her full parted lips and then released her patting her cute
bare ass,

     "Your right honey, we don't have time now but you are in for it later."

     "I certainly hope so....promise...?"

     When they were dressed they both looked terrific, as they sat down to
dinner with Susan.  As they ate Maggie said, 

     "Tommy told Susan she had great breasts today.  I swear Tony, you
better run that nasty boy off."

     Susan looked at her Mom and smiled knowing she was teasing. She
looked at her Dad and saw him looking at her well formed boobs.  She
pulled her shoulders back to display them proudly and Tony laughed,

     "The boy has excellent eyesight Maggie, not to mention good taste in
boobs."

     Susan beamed.  God she loved her Dad.  He always made her feel so
special, so beautiful, so loved.... now she said,

     "Oh Daddy I love you.  You wouldn't run Tommy off would you?"

     "Of course not kitten.  I want some grandchildren someday.  As I
remember it takes a male and a female to do that."

     Maggie jumped in,

     "But I'm way too young for that Susan, please wait a few years."

     The conversation shifted to all the other days happenings and Susan
felt glad to be alive.

                              *****

     Time flew by and the week of her birthday was on them.  The day
before the big day.  A day that Maggie had been looking forward to for
sometime.  When Maggie got home, she greeted Susan as usual with a lot of
touching.  She showered and slipped into her silk robe and called Susan.
Maggie had thought about this day for a long time... she knew she was treading
on strange and somewhat dangerous turf with what she had in mind... but she
knew she was going through with it.  Knew Susan would welcome it, enjoy it. 
Knew she wanted it badly as well. 

     Shortly Susan walked into her folk's bedroom and Maggie said,

     "I have a special birthday present I want to give you in private darling." 
     
     And she handed Susan a small box.   Susan opened it and knew
immediately what it was.  A vibrator... just like the one her Mom kept in her
bedside table, a exact replica of an 7" penis except it had a funny looking little
bear astride it near the base. She had discovered her Mom's along with a
couple of dildos in there, but as badly as she had been tempted she had never
tried any of them.  They were her Mom's property. Although she had seem her
Dad use them on her Mom a number of times.  While he filled one hole with his
cock, he sometimes would use a dildo in another, or the  vibrator on her Mom's
clit and nipples.  She  had a good theoretical knowledge of how they were
supposed to be used. 

     Now she looked up at her Mom and smiled, delighted with her new toy. 

     "Just like yours.... almost.  Mine has a bear on it?"

     Maggie didn't ask how she knew about hers... she didn't need to..  But she
smiled and asked,

     "Are you comfortable on how to use this or would you like for me to show
you darling?"

     "I think I know, but will it go in me.   It looks huge.  Maybe ...could you
show me?"

     "First darling take off all of your clothes.  You don't HAVE to insert it to
enjoy it.  Although you won't have any trouble getting it in you if you take it
slowly.  It's only 7".... We women are built to stretch honey."

     Susan was quickly nude and had no hesitation to display herself to her
Mom. She was horny as hell just thinking about the vibrator. Maggie sat beside
Susan who was lying on her side on her Mom's bed facing her, propped up on
one elbow. 

     Maggie took the vibrator and plugged it into the wall.  She hated the battery
kind, they always seem to run down just when you needed them.  Although she
had one of those too.    Now she said softly, 

     "Relax and close your eyes baby.  You are going to love this a lot."

     Susan closed her eyes, heard the soft buzzing sound and then gasped
as she felt it lightly touch, and then trail across her breast.   Her Mom ran it
around and around her nipple without touching it.  Susan kept moving to get her
hard nipple involved but her Mom would move the vibrator away.  Susan was
moaning softly and then her Mom touched one nipple and Susan groaned loudly
and stiffened as she came....

     Maggie used it on her other nipple before she trailed the toy down over
her tummy and soon was running it all around Susans dark pubic hair, over her
pussy.  Susan lay back and spread her legs widely.  She gasped and hunched
involuntarily as her Mom trailed the vibrator over her labia lightly, then between
her swollen lips and up and down.  Susan could not have been still if her life
depended on it at that moment.  She hunched and felt a little of it enter her
vagina.  It felt so much better than her own fingers.  Her Mom eased it in and
out slowly going deeper each time and Susan gasped and hunched in rhythm
with her Mother's stroking.  Before Susan was aware her Mom said, 

     "Look my darling, it's all the way in your sweet pussy." 

     Susan raised up and looked and let out a long sigh as she shuddered
and came again.  As she watched her, Mom moved the tool even deeper,
pressing hard and the little bear came in contact with her clit, vibrating on it until
Susan screamed and came harder... for a long time ...as her Mom held the bear
against her throbbing clit.  Then Susan went limp.  Her Mom turned the vibrator
off but left it buried in her daughters sweet young cunt up to the hilt. 

     Maggie leaned down and kissed her beautiful daughters cheek, her nose,
her forehead and then her lips.  She let her lips lightly touch Susans and then
her tongue slid out into her daughters parted lips.  Susan sucked gently on it
and then returned the favor.  It was so nice Susan thought. Then Maggie sat
up, thinking it was going just as she had planned. She said, 

     "God I love you baby.  This must be our secret.  I don't think most folks
would approve of what we just did but I don't care.  I loved it."

     "So did I Mom.... so intense... I never came that hard before.  And I loved
the way you kissed me.  Could we maybe do this again? It really revved up my
engine.. and thank you for my birthday present.  I will think of you when ever I
use it."

     "Your welcome sweetheart.  I think we might try this again.  If you really
want to."

     After a pause Susan looked up at her beautiful Mom and asked,

     "Mom... was what we did... is that what lesbians do?"

     "Maybe, at least part of what they do.  Of course they do a lot more.  But
the big difference is they only want to do it with other women.  We both like
men, at least I do and I suspect you will too soon enough.  Some women are
bisexual and like to do things with men and women.   I guess that covers what
we did, but there is a lot more we could have done."

     "What else...?"

     "Well honey, women can perform oral sex on each other too, use other
kinds of toys..."

     "Hmmm... I bet that feels good, oral sex I mean."

     "It does honey, with a male or female partner."

     "Have you done it with other women Mom?"

     Maggie was about to answer when they heard Tony call from downstairs.
Maggie kissed Susan again with even more tongue and said, 

     "We better get dressed.  If your Dad saw us like this he would go into
overload.  He might forget you were his daughter...you're so sexy."

     They dressed and went to greet Tony, hugging and kissing him and he
commented,

     "Boy the two of you look so good.  You both seem to glow."

     Later that night as Tony  watched TV Susan and Maggie were in the
kitchen and Susan asked again,

     "Well did you?"

     "Did I what sweetheart?"

     "Have sex with other women?"
     
                       end part 1

Comments, constructive criticism, suggestions would be greatly
appreciated ....  where would you like to see this story go...?    

-














--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....-(c) Copyright 1997 Drifter  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL              NOT INTENDED FOR MINORS

                           The Adventures of Susan
                           by Drifter
                                  Chapter 2

     Maggie smiled at her beautiful 15 year old daughter, 16 in a few hours, and
thought about the question she had just ask her -  had she made love with
another woman?  Susan was pushing the edge of her budding sexuality and
Maggie was helping her.  Maggie was envious of her daughter,  to discover it
all again.  Maggie thought back over the sexplay and the  orgasms she had
given her daughter with her  birthday present earlier and smiled.

     "Yes honey... I did,  in college.  Does that bother you?"

          "Oh no.... far from it Mom. I think it sounds sexy.   Did you enjoy it? 
Was it good?"

          "It was very good darling.  It didn't satisfy me the same as men do but it
was very nice."

          "I think that would be fantastic, like you say Mom...er....  would
you.....could we  maybe ... do that sometime?"

          "Susan, honey, I'm your Mom... I'm not sure we should do that......get
that involved.....?"

          "Why not?   Didn't you enjoy what we did today?"

     "You know I did, I'm still shaking, remember I didn't get off like you did. 
But you are suggesting an on going affair between us, mother and daughter.  I
won't lie to you darling,  the idea is appealing to me.  I miss a woman's touch
and you are certainly becoming a woman fast."

      "Think about it please Mom... I think it would be fabulous.  You could
teach me so much.  I would love to taste you down there."

     Susan hugged her Mom tight and their breasts pressed together. 
Maggie remembered how sexy Susan was as she used the vibrator in her
tight little cunt. Now she found herself wondering how her daughters young
pussy would taste.  It WAS going to happen... just as she had planned.  Her
excitement was hard to contain.

     Susan met her Mom's lips and kissed her the way they had kissed
before, with a lot of tongue.  It was hot and passionate.  Maggie didn't resist
and they  held each other tightly and kissed like lovers.  Both of them were
breathing hard.... when heard Tony call from the den.  They stepped back from 
each other to recover.  It was clear, for now at least, Tony shouldn't know what
they had done or what they were contemplating.  Maggie brushed her hot
daughter's cheek and said,

     "I love you baby... let me think about your suggestion.  Now you go to bed
so I can fuck your Dad."

     Later, at her parents bedroom door, she  watched with new interest as
Maggie directed Tony's face to her dripping pussy.  Maggie was certain
Susan would be watching and she told Tony exactly what to do with his
tongue.  Tony tasted her and she moaned softly... he raised his head and said,

     "What have you been doing darlin, you're already wet as hell down
here?  I love it."

     Without waiting for an answer he buried his face in her pussy again.

                                  *****

     The next morning, Susie kissed her Dad goodby slowly as he left for work,
remembering how he had eaten her Mom.  She had to go to school and she
walked to Maggie and hugged her tightly, kissing her deeply like lovers again. 
Maggie returned the kiss and when it was over she smiled at Susan and said,

     "Hurry home this afternoon my sweetheart, I'll be waiting for you."

     All day Susan wondered if her Mom meant what Susan hoped she meant.
School dragged by so slowly except for the brief time she spent with Tommy. 
As they started to part to go to their next class he said, 

     "Susan.. I remember your folks rule about your dating.  Since tomorrow
is your 16th birthday, would you go to the drive-in with me Friday night?" 

     Susan smiled and forced herself to be calm as she said, 

     "That would be great Tommy.  Pick me up at 7, OK?"

                            ****

     What a fabulous day she thought in  her next class.  Mom is waiting for
me to "hurry" home and Tommy asked me to go to the drive-in. Far out. 

     When the final period was over she rushed home.  Her stomach was
doing flips she was so nervous.  It was only a two block walk home but it
seemed to take forever.  At her front door Susan realized her panties were so
wet they were squishy.  She walked into the house,   dropped her books at the
front door and went  looking for her Mom... hoping.  The house was silent and
Susan called out. The reply thrilled her as she heard her Mom say she was in
Susan's bedroom, to come join her.

     Susan ran up the stairs and down the hall, then screeched to a stop
and walked slowly into her bedroom.  Her Mom was lying on her bed nude.
She was propped up on her pillows posed sexily.  Posed to best reveal her
ample charms.  Susan walked over and sat on the bed beside this sexy looking
woman who happened to be her Mom. She leaned over and kissed her Mom's
lips.  Their tongues played and Susan was shortly breathing rapidly as was
Maggie.  She pulled back and looked at her Mom.  

     Their eyes said it all and Susan reached up and cupped one of her Mom's big
bare breasts. Maggie moved her arm out of the way to give Susan open access. As
she expected her Mom was going to make love to her.  Susan stared at her large
firm breasts and noticed her Mom's nipples hard and swollen with passion. 
Susan leaned down and licked one nipple.  Maggie gasped... Susan sucked
it into her mouth, sucked hard as her tongue lathed over it rapidly. Maggie
groaned, caught her head and pushed her away and smiled saying,

     "How are we going to make love darling when you have on all those
clothes?"

     Susan stripped in a flash and soon stood nude, her breasts rising and
falling with excitement as her breath seemed to come in large gulps. As her
Mom ran her eyes over her sexy daughters young ripe body, Susan shivered
with anticipation. So did Maggie.

     "Susan baby,  are you absolutely sure you want to do this?"

     "Oh God Mom, I've thought of nothing else all day."

     Susan moved up on the bed as Maggie welcomed her daughter into her
arms.  Susan thought her Mom was the sexiest looking thing she had ever
seen.   

     "What do I do Mom?"

     "Just lay back and let me please you baby."

     Susan rolled over on her back and spread her legs in eager invitation. 
Maggie ran her hands over Susans hot little body.  Her nipples her tummy,
over her pussy lightly down to her inner thighs.  Susan thrilled at the touch and
at the idea her Mom was getting ready to make love to her. She had read
about this and now was going to know. Maggie kissed her lips, then her
swollen little nipples,  licked her ribs and tummy, french kissed her naval,
then gave little bites on her abdomen as she moved lower and lower. 
Susan was about to explode.  Her eyes were closed and her head twisted
from side to side as her Mom tortured her with pleasures she had never felt
before. 

     Susan opened her eyes and looked as her Mom slid her hand up her
thigh onto her wet pussy.  Two fingers eased inside her hot cunt and Susan
came.. before she recovered she felt Maggie's tongue probing her cunt, 
licking her clit, felt two fingers in her cunt and another in her ass.  She sighed, 
and began to buck uncontrollably and screamed as a series of orgasms hit
her, each bigger than before.  Finally, some 15 minutes later, she cried out, 
 
     "No more... oh fuck no more... I can't stand it... "

     Maggie raised her face, covered with her daughter's cunt juices, and
watched as Susan continued to have orgasm after orgasm.  Maggie pulled her
fingers out of Susan and slipped up and kissed her darling's sweet pouty lips.
Susan caught her in her arms.   Maggie was surprised at how strong Susan
was as she hugged her tightly as she started to come down from her orgasmic
high, like none other she had ever known.    It was several minutes before
Susan broke the kiss and said softly,  

     "Holy shit Mom...... that was fucking fabulous!"

     Then she realized what she had said and blushed and looked at her Mom
saying,

     "Sorry about the language."

     "No baby, don't be.  Sometimes only certain words will do.  This is one of
them, don't worry, I've said them all in very similar  circumstances.  I gather
you enjoyed..."

     "Enjoyed?  No way Mom... I fucking flipped out... soooo goood. Hmmm
thank you, thank you"

     And she kissed her Mom all over her face, licking her own juices.  Then
in a few minutes she stopped and looked at her Mom with a mischievous
grin and said,  

     "My turn Mom... how do I ...."

     "It comes very natural baby.  Just do what I did and enjoy. Don't worry if I
will enjoy what you do, I guarantee I will... just like you did..."

     For the next thirty minutes Susan did exactly what her Mom had done and
Maggie screamed and moaned and swore and came over and over.  When she
finally stopped her, Susan knew how much she had pleasured her hot Mother. 
She felt proud to have pleased her so, to have made her cum so many times. 
They held each other and petted and caressed each other, until Maggie said,

     "Again..this has to be our secret darling.  The courts would take you away
from me and put me in prison for what we just did.  Not a word to anyone. Do
you understand?"

     "I do.. not a word... but we will do this again won't we?"

     "Oh yes my sexy daughter... we can do this anytime the circumstances
permit.  We just have to be careful.  And you will have to be even more careful
now, you have crossed a line and fully enjoyed sex with another person.  It will
be harder for you to say no to Tommy or anyone else when they try to get in
your hot little pussy."

     "MOM... I haven't even kissed Tommy yet."

     "But you will and you will react just like you did today my hot little cunt
daughter.  You will want him to touch you, do to you what I did, and more, you
will want him to fuck you... other boys too... and men, it is just a problem some
of us women have..  You have to control those urges.  When it is right you will
allow some man to make love to you and you will love it."

     "Speaking of Tommy... he asked me to the drive in Friday night... is it OK?"

     "Of course.. that was our deal, 16 and you can date.  Darling... you know
you can talk to me about anything... I think I might enjoy hearing how Tommy
tries to get into your hot little panties.... and he will."

     "And I may let him Momma."

     "Oh I expect you will pretty soon now.  You know I started you on birth
control a few months ago.  You are safe when you decide to have sex."

     They laughed and hugged each other.   Susan said she doubted if Tommy
would try anything anytime soon, he is pretty shy, but if he did she would share
the story with her.  They showered together and Maggie said, 

     "It is going to be difficult to be both Mother and lover to you baby.  There
will still be times when I have to set rules for you... but fewer and fewer.  There
will be times when we are making love that there will be no rules.  Do you
understand?"

     "I think so... I know you are still my Mom and I need that... when we are
making love though... we have to be equals... right?"

     "Right.. pretty bright for a hot little cunt."

     Laughing they dried each other playfully and dressed and waited for
Tony to get home.

                                 *****

     The next night Tony and Maggie and Susan celebrated her birthday by
going to dinner at a very sophisticated restaurant.  Tony wore a dark suit
and tie,  He looked very handsome Susan thought. Maggie and Susan
closed Tony out while they dressed.  They were close enough to the same
size that Maggie suggested Susan wear one of her formal gowns.  Maggie
pulled out a floor length, black, low cut form hugging dress that Tony loved
on Maggie.  Maggie pulled out another very similar for herself.  She fixed
Susan's hair in an upswept french twist.  Made her up and stepped back to
look. 

     "Holly shit baby... look at yourself... you look like a sexy 21 year old.  Your
Dad will flip."

     Susan looked in the mirror.  Maggie had told her to remove her bra, the
dress had a push up built into it.  Now Susan saw a very hot looking,  very
sophisticated lady whose full breasts were about to overflow the top of the
dress.  Maggie looked at her and said, 

     "Take your panties off too honey, I can see a panty line... tacky.  Besides
going  without panties feels sooo sexy."

     Susan smiled as she lifted her skirt and slid her panties off.  Then Susan
looked over at her Mom and she looked dynamite as well..... her figure so well
presented in that dress.  Susan watched as Maggie removed her own panties,
"Just for fun".

     As they walked down the stairs they heard Tony say,

     "Oh my God....."

     He just stared after that. He kissed both ladies and bowed deeply,

     "Never have I had the honor to be with two such gorgeous  sexy ladies." 
then to Maggie,  "are you sure we want her to go out in public like that, I
better get a baseball bat to keep the guys off of her."

     Susan hugged her Daddy and said,

     "Oh Daddy I love you.  You always say the right thing.  Too bad Mom got
you first."

                         *****

     Dinner was perfect, food, service, ambiance.  Everyone kept staring at
both Maggie and Susan.  As they sat over coffee the band started playing nice
slow dinner music.  A hand full of people were on the dance floor when Tony
said,

     "Susan darling, since it is your birthday, may I have this first dance?"

     As she stood up to join her Dad her dress fell away and Tony had a clear
view of her delightful young breasts and their pink buds.  He knew he should
look away but he simply could not pull his eyes from such delights.  Then he
realized he was starting to get an erection as Susan walked to the dance floor. 
Maggie hadn't missed a thing, including his rising cock.  

     By the time they were on the dance floor Tony had things back under
control.  He pulled his gorgeous daughter into his arms and moved around
the floor smoothly.  Susan loved the way he held her in his arms.  She smiled
as she hoped she found herself a man just like her Dad.  Then Susan moved
in tighter to her Dad and she felt the large lump against her groin.  The same
lump she frequently felt at home when she hugged him.  She liked the way it
felt against her.  She had seen it hard,  in and out of Maggie's pussy a lot of
times.  Now she wondered what it felt like....

     The song ended and they returned to the table.  He pulled his gorgeous
wife to the dance floor next and whispered in her ear, 

     "Damn you look so fucking good.  I can hardly wait to get you home."

     "Oh God, me too Tony...want me right here... want to fuck me on the dance
floor the way you did in college?  I would love that."

     Tony had an instant hard on and he laughed and said, 

     "Not fair... you tease... you know we can't but you sure made me hard."

     "Hmm I know..I can feel it. it always feels good. Did you get hard dancing
with your sexy looking daughter like this?"

     "Maggie.... of course not."

     "Don't kid me buster, I saw the way you were ogling her cute young tits
down her dress."

     "OK you got me... I did enjoy that view, hell I'm human. But I managed to
get the damn thing down by the time we got to the floor... wasn't easy."

     Maggie kissed him lightly and said,

     "It's OK baby... I was teasing.  Besides I couldn't blame you if you did get a
hard on over Susan.  She looks so hot tonight.  Anyway I love for you to be
hard."

     "Can you believe our little girl... she looks like a very high priced hooker."

     Maggie knew that was Tony's ultimate complement.  She thought for a
moment about sharing what was going on between she and Susan but then
decided to wait.  It would be fun to see how long Tony could restrain himself
with Susan. Maggie snuggled in closer to Tony and pressed her loins against
his hard cock enjoying the feel of it so big against her.  Then she wondered, 
shouldn't Susan enjoy her father's cock too?

                       end part 2


Comments, constructive criticism, suggestions would be greatly
appreciated ....  where would you like to see this
story go...?


The End... for now...
 
               















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....(c) Copyright 1997 Drifter  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.






SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL         NOT INTENDED FOR MINORS

               (MF, Ff, Teasing, Inc)


                    The Adventures of Susan
                           by Drifter
                            Chapter 3

          The idea thrilled Maggie to her toes.  She wasn't sure why but as she
danced close with her handsome husband, she felt herself get wet as she
imagined Tony in bed with both her and their daughter.  Maggie had now
taught Susan about girl sex, it seemed only fair that Tony do the same for the
rest of it.  Fair or not the idea was more than a little appealing to her.  She
knew Susan would also take to the idea... Tony would be the one hard to
convince.... but not impossible.

     "Tony sweetheart, our baby girl has grown up on us all of a sudden.  She
looks years older than she really is.  She is a lot more mature than most of her
friends too.  Did I tell you she has a date Friday with Tommy.? 

          "No... well we did tell her she could when she was 16... and she is.  I'll
kill that kid if he lays a hand on her."

          Maggie laughed and hugged him closer kissing his neck, 

          "No you won't lover, just remember our early dates, how much fun it
was learning to kiss and pet and fuck.  Your sweet little girl has all that in front
of her."

          "Maggie are you trying to torture me?"

          But Tony had an image of his cute daughter in the back seat of some
guys car.  On her back getting it.  Maggie felt his cock jump and suspected
what was going on in his head.  

      When the music stopped  they rejoined Susan at their table.  A guy
about Tony's age was just leaving,

          "Who was that kitten?"  Tony asked

          "Just some guy, asked me to dance with him.  I accepted.  He was a
pretty good dancer."

          Maggie spoke, "Come with me baby, I need to powder my nose...."

          And Maggie and Susan headed for the ladies room.  It was empty and
Maggie kissed Susan's lips briefly asking,

          "Having fun?"

          "Yes... I feel so sophisticated.. I know I'm not but this dress, and no
panties and dancing with Daddy and that guy dancing with me, he kept trying
to get my phone number... I love it."

          "Susan baby you do look good enough to eat tonight."

          "Want to?"

          "Here?  Now?"

          "Yes... I am so horny Mom."

          So was Maggie after feeling Tony's big cock..plus she was a closet
exhibitionist. She smiled and pulled Susans skirt up, more and more and then it
was to her waist and her pretty pussy was in clear view.  Maggie covered her
mons with her hand and slipped a finger into her wet cunt.  Susan gasped..... 

     Maggie was slowly finger fucking her hot young daughter before she went
down on her  when  they heard the outer door open.  Maggie pulled away
quickly letting her skirt drop.  As two other ladies walked in Maggie and Susan
walked out.  Susan smiled  saying,

          "Oh fuck Mom..., now you really have my motor going."

          Tony stood up and met them. He kissed Maggie and then Susan lightly
on their lips and led Susan back to the dance floor.  As he pulled her into his
arms he felt her full body press into his and in spite of himself his cock started
to grow.  Susan felt it immediately and smiled, pleased she was making her
Daddy hard.  It seemed to Tony that ever step they took, Susan pressed into
his cock a little more.  Susan looked up at her Daddy whom she adored and
said,

          "Daddy... I can feel you."

          Tony knew exactly what she was talking about and he said,

          "I'm sorry Kitten,  it's just between you and your Mother, my libido is in
overdrive.  Even if you are my daughter, both of you are gorgeous sexy
women.  My head knows your are my daughter but that guy down there just
knows you are one sexy female.... forgive me?"

          "No Daddy, cause there's nothing to forgive.   You have no idea what
that does for my ego.  I love that I make your thing hard.  Besides... it feels
nice."

          "Damn baby... you sure aren't making it any easier... and it isn't a
thing... it is a cock."

          "Daddy... I told you I didn't want to make it easier... I want to make it
hard... I love that I can make your cock hard."

          With that she looked up into his eyes and raised up on tiptoes, rubbing
across his fully hard cock and kissed his lips softly, lingeringly and Tony felt
her tongue flit between his lips briefly.  She pulled away and smiled at her very
confused father.

          The song ended and Tony turned her around and stood close behind
her.  Susan felt it against her ass and smiled.  Tony said,

          "Stay close Susan.  I don't want everyone in here to know I have a hard
on from dancing with my beautiful daughter.  I feel like such a pervert."

          They walked to the table close, Tony's hands on Susan's shoulders. 
Maggie seeing them coming knew exactly what was going on.  She had done
the same walk with Tony frequently.  She smiled wickedly and winked at Susan
as they sat down.

          After a few moments Maggie suggested they go home, Susan agreed
and the three of them headed for the door.  The car was brought around and
Maggie told Susan to get in front between them.  The feeling in the car could
only be described as tense.  Good hot sexual tension....

          As they rode Maggie dropped her hand on Susan's thigh.  Tony noticed
and felt his cock squirm as he thought, Get a grip guy, it's just a motherly
touch...

          At home they kissed goodnight.  It seemed to Tony that Maggie and
Susan kissed somewhat longer than usual.  He forgot all about them when
Susan kissed him and lket her tongue probe deep in his mouth.  Then Susan
went to her room and soon Tony was thrusting his over charged cock deep
and hard into Maggie's lovely hot cunt.  Maggie was lost in her sensual haze
as she fucked back into Tony's cock. Later, temporarily sated the two of them
lay intertwined and Maggie said,

          "Tell me... tell me about your conversation with Susan while you were
dancing that last time.  Just before she gave you that long kiss.... and about
your hard cock."

          "How did you know?"

          "Dummy I saw the kiss.... and I knew you had to be hard.  Knowing
you,  I'm sure you tried to apologize.

          "I did... she said she was flattered.... I didn't know what the hell to say...
then she kisses me ... with her tongue too... I was hard as a rock Maggie. And
she enjoyed rubbing against me."

          "Of course sweetheart... so do I... it feels good and exciting to women...
and your daughter is a woman now..."

          "What the hell am I going to do.....?"

          "Don't worry darling... you will think of something."

          "Well what I have been thinking tonight could get me in jail."

          "Don't be silly Tony, someone would have to prosecute before you went
to jail... I don't know anyone in this house who would even consider that....not
Susan... not me..."  
  
          Her hand went to his cock and she found him hard again as she
expected.  She slid down in bed and took him in her mouth knowing he was
still trying to figure out if she meant what he thought she meant.  How could
she mean that?

          After he came in her delightful mouth Tony rolled over, kissed her
goodnight, told her he loved her more than ever and went to sleep.  Maggie
hugged him and thought,  Dear Beloved Tony... get ready... your life is going to
get even more exciting....

          Maggie lay there until she heard his breathing deepen and she knew
her loving husband was gone for the night.  She slipped out of bed and headed
for Susan's room.  She closed the door behind her, dropped her night gown on
the floor, crawled in beside her naked daughter and silently kissed her.  She
felt their tongues playing.  When the kiss broke Susan said,

          "I thought you would never come....and you taste different... nice ... is
that Daddy's cum I taste?"

          "Yes...., you should know since you watched me suck his cock.  I have
a cunt full for you too."

          Susan giggled, "How did you know I was watching?"

          "Honey I've known you have watched us for a long time.  I like for you
to watch."

          Without another word Susan slid down until her face was buried in her
mother's open cum filled cunt.  As she licked and sucked she learned what her
fathers cum tasted like.... she loved drinking the mixed juices of her Mom and
Dad.   Much later when Maggie was ready to return to her own bed she kissed
Susan and said,

          "Baby...I loved watching you and your father on the dance floor tonight.
The two of you looked hot... tell me... do you want your father to fuck you?"

          Susan's eyes opened wide.  She looked into her Mother's face trying to
read her.  All she saw was love.

          "Oh Yes Mother.... I do...do you mind...... that I want that?"

          "No baby.... I don't mind... I was pretty sure you did.  He would be a
good teacher darling.  But it may be difficult to get him to do it.  Not that he
doesn't want too.... he is dying to fuck you.  But the man has scruples like you
wouldn't believe.  We will have to wear him down.  Tomorrow we will talk
more."

                                   *******

     But there was no time and Susan was off to school.  As she sat in class
daydreaming about how her life was changing she wondered how many of her
girl friends were doing the same things....  she decided lots, if they were lucky. 
She thought about the idea of feeling her Dad's big cock in her and got so wet
she had to excuse herself to the restroom to put in a tampax.

     She made it through the day and then was home.   Her Mom was gone
to a meeting of some kind so Susan started getting ready for her date with
Tommy.  A slow bubble bath... walking around the house naked... picking out
her clothes.  She wondered if Tommy would kiss her... try to play with her
boobs that he obviously loved a lot.  She was in the kitchen still buck naked
when her Dad walked in the back door.  

     Tony stood there gaping at his beautiful sexy young daughter, completely
nude in front of him.  In spite of his efforts his cock jumped to attention.  Susan
noticed and smiled,

     "Hi Daddy... I just got out of the shower and came down to get a coke."

     "Uh... uh... yeah sweetheart... but you better go put a robe on or
something."

     Susan slowly walked out of the room, twisting her cute ass a little extra
for her Dad's benefit. At the door she turned so he would get another look at
her full tits and the walked out, knowing he would watch her all the way up the
stairs.

     Then Maggie came in and Tony told her what had happened.  Maggie
wrapped her fingers around his hard cock through his pants and said,

     "She sure made your man stand up.  She is a little sex pot."

     "Maggie, honey,  tell her to quit running around here naked like that."

     "Oh why Tony?  You know you love looking at her... I do too.  No real
harm is going to come from it.  Even though I know it makes you want her
something fierce. "

     Tony just looked at Maggie.  He was having trouble believing she was
giving all those messages.  It was almost like she was trying to get him to fuck
their daughter.  They had to talk...

     Susan skipped dinner and when she came down when it was almost
time for Tommy to pick her up she looked adorable in her short skirt, white
cotton blouse, her hair in a pony tail.  They both complemented her effusively
and when Maggie had the chance she whispered,

     "You are wearing panties I trust."

     "Yes Mom... of course.  But I will take them off if you think I should."

     Maggie swatted her cute ass and laughed.

     Tommy looked great, he was a young hunk, athletic build... a little shy
but that would change.

                    *****

     At the drive in Tommy parked on the back row where all the kids parked. 
No one bothered them there.  Half of the adults were afraid to go back there
afraid of what they might see their kids doing.  The other half thought they
needed their privacy to experiment.  The conversation had been so easy... so
natural.  In five minutes they both had relaxed and talked like old friends.

     The trip to the concession stand and the movie started as they settled in
to watch.  Tommy asked,

     "Susan... slide over here beside me.... unless you are mad at me or
afraid...."

     Susan smiled at him and laughed.  She slid over until her leg was against
his and she felt his arm slip around her shoulder.  She liked that and wondered
when he would try to kiss her.  She didn't have long to wait and as their lips
met, Tommy kissed her lightly, little kisses over her lips and cheeks.  Then her
neck.  Susan wanted to let her tongue do the walking but she held back... he
had to take the lead.  But even the tongueless kisses had her hot and damp. 
Now she understood what her Mom had meant.  She wanted to attack Tommy,
wanted to fuck him... then she thought.. No I have to save that for my Dad.. the
first time.

     She had to BE innocent... and that is hard when you aren't.

     Tommy broke the kiss and said,

     "Susan you kiss great.... I have wanted to kiss you for years now.  I have
had a crush on you for the last two years.  Waiting for you to get old enough to
date."

     "I know Tommy... I have felt the same way."

     "Susan... I don't want you to date anyone but me... will you do that... will
you be my steady?"

     "I would love to.... I'm not sure what my folks will say... they think I should
date several guys...  Maybe we can go steady but I can pretend to date other
guys.  You know go out with them but not let them do much..."

     "I guess that would work."

     Then they kissed again and this time Susan felt his tongue probing.  She
was getting hotter and hotter.  The she felt his hand cup one of her large
breasts.  He squeezed it and lightly touched her nipple. She gasped and
pushed his hand away.

     "Sorry Susan, I couldn't help myself. I have wanted to know what those
felt like for so long.... God they feel nice."

     "It's OK Tommy.... I really didn't mind.  But my nipples are so sensitive. 
You were driving me crazy the way you were playing with it.  I don't mind if you
play with my breasts... just not so much on my nipples... OK?."       

     Tommy kissed her again and cupped her breast, then the other one as if
he were comparing... he was.  What great new toys... Then to Susan's surprise
he started to unbutton her blouse.  She said nothing then he quickly undid the
front hook of her bra and she felt his hand on her bare breast.   She broke the
kiss and looked down.  Both of her big tits were in clear view and Tommy was
holding one in his hand.  She sighed loudly and looked up at Tommy and said,

     "Go slow Tommy.... it's our first date... my first date ever...and you are
making me sooo hot. I sure didn't think you would have my boobs  out like
this.....'

     Tommy was looking at her round beauties and commenting on how
beautiful they were.  Then Susan said,

     "Tommy.... are you a virgin?"

     "No... I have done it a few times...."

     "I haven't..... it's weird... I want to... I want to know how it feels... I want
to do lots of things I read about... seen pictures of.... but if you do everyone
says your a slut..."

     "Susan I know you aren't a slut... I think I love you.  I have thought that
ever since we started talking so much last year..... besides, no one will ever
know what we do."

                         end part 3



Comments, constructive criticism, suggestions would be greatly
appreciated but be gentle....  where would you like to see this
story go...?
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....(c) Copyright 1997 Drifter  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.




SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL            NOT INTENDED FOR MINORS

               (MF, Mf, mf,  Ff, Teasing, Inc)    


                         The Adventures of Susan
                           by Drifter
                          Chapter 4


     Susan looked up at Tommy and smiled and said,

     "Tommy I love you too.  I somehow knew we belonged to each other. 
Please understand... I am really hot blooded.  I touch myself and I'm soaking
wet.  I have to get off almost everyday.  I get turned on so easy, I can even get
off by just playing with my nipples.  Be patient with me .... I kinda expect we
will do all those things I've heard about... but not right away..."

     Tommy kissed her and fondled her large firm young tits.  Susan was
getting more and more turned on,  Then Tommy broke the kiss and bent down
taking a hard nipple in his mouth.  As he sucked on it Susan jumped and
groaned loudly.  Tommy let it free and said,

     "Boy.. you really weren't kidding were you...?"

     In a husky voice, hard to catch a breath, Susan said,

     "No... I loved that... I sometimes do it to myself.....you better not do it
anymore... I'm so close to getting off."

     "I would love to get you off Susan..."

     She felt him pick up her hand and he laid it on his hard cock.  Susan
wrapped her fingers around it and said,

     "Shit Tommy... it's the first time I ever touched one....would you take it
out please."

     Tommy was happy to oblige and Susan had his bare cock in her hands
stroking it.  Tommy pulled his handkerchief out and handed it to her.  She
understood what he was suggesting and as he dropped his lips to her nipples
again she started stroking his cock rapidly.   She came first... hard, tossing like
crazy.  She had just started to breath again... she had been stroking him
unconsciously through it all and now he said,

     "Shit I'm cumming."  Susan wanted to cover his cock with her mouth the
way she had seen her Mom do her Dad, but instead she caught his cum in his
handkerchief.

     In a moment they kissed again... then Susan said,

     "Lots of firsts tonight Tommy.... "

     "I know... it has been great... What are you doing tomorrow night."

     "This again I hope...."

                    *****

     When Susan got home she told her parents they had a fun time and
went to her room.  She stripped and climbed in bed nude pulling the sheet over
her.  She lay there think about Tommy playing with and sucking her tit.... about
jacking him off til he came.... she could hardly wait til the next night.

     Then Maggie slipped in and closed the door behind her.,

     She dropped her nightgown and said,

     "Your father is asleep, tell me about your date."

     Maggie crawled in beside her nude daughter and her fingers slipped into
her little cunt, checking to make sure there was no cum inside... she wasn't
sure if she was disappointed or relieved that there was none...

     Susan sighed and spread her legs for her mother to play with her and she 
slowly told her Mom everything that had happened.  When she had finished
Maggie slid lower in the bed and ate her darling daughters wet pussy. 

     Later when she returned face to face they kissed tenderly until Maggie
broke it,

     "Darling... it's pretty clear you are going to fuck Tommy soon...is he big?"

     Susan giggled and said, "About like Daddy from what I can tell."

     "Did he cum a lot?"

     "Yes... I thought he would never quit.  I wanted to go down on him but I
thought it might shock him so soon."

     "Shit... that makes me so hot baby... could you...?"

     Susan smiled and soon had her tongue in Maggies cunt....

                         *****

     The next morning, Saturday, after breakfast Maggie talked to Susan at
length.... about her father.

     Later Susan, still in her short t-shirt she had slept in, caught her Dad in
his bedroom and asked  if she could have one of his old dress shirts.  All the
girls were using them for pajamas.  Tony happily got one for her.  She held it
up to her nose and said... It smells like you Daddy... I like it.

     To Tony's surprise she stripped her t-shirt over her head standing there
gloriously nude.  Again Tony couldn't keep his eyes off of her and she stood
there slowly putting the shirt on, as she watched her dad's cock growing.  She
stood before him with his shirt still unbuttoned and her large tits and her dark
pussy in clear view.

     "Susan honey, aren't you going to button it up?"

     "Why daddy... don't you like to look at me... I thought you did."

     "I have to admit I do kitten, but it has that effect on me..."

     "Makes you hard daddy... I can see it growing in your pants.

     "Yes... and you know we shouldn't be doing this.... you are my daughter...
you are a very sexy female but unfortunately you are my daughter..."

     "Daddy.....can I see it?"

     "Shit Susan...."

     "Please Daddy.... "

     And Susan didn't wait.  Her hands dropped to his fly and she soon pulled
his hard cock free.  Maggie stood in the door of the bathroom quietly watching
her daughter following her suggestions carefully.  Tony was in shock. He loved
the way she was running her finger tips up and down his throbbing cock.  He
couldn't believe his ears when he heard her say,

     "Daddy... I want you to teach me how.... I want you to put this in me...
please."

     She took one of his hands and placed it on a bare breast.  His hand
automatically cupped it and he groaned,

     "Oh shit kitten... I would die to fuck you baby... but I can't...."

     Then the two of them heard Maggie speak as she stepped into the
room,

     "Yes you can Tony...fuck her... who would you rather your daughter's first
experience be with, her adoring father or some kid in the back seat of a jalopy.
I want you to do it honey, Susan is dying for it, you are so hard I'm afraid it is
going to split... do it sweetheart... fuck your gorgeous daughter,,, and then
me..."

     Tony seemed to flip, he scooped Susan up and put her gently on the bed. 
Then he rapidly stripped and Susan felt his mouth on her pussy.  For the next
two hours Tony ate, fucked and loved his daughter while Maggie watched.
Then he did the same to Maggie while Susan watched.  Then Maggie and
Susan eased into a comfortable 69 as Tony watched.  It was mid afternoon
before the three of them came up for air.  Susan hung on her Daddy saying,

     "Oh Daddy.. I love you so much... that was out of this world.....I never
dreamed I could get something as big as your cock in me.... and I loved it.  I
can still feel it stretching me and making me cum and cum...and the way you
came in my mouth Daddy.  will we do all we did again? " 

     Tony looked over at Maggie and she smiled and said,

     "Of course, we will do it all again, and again... until we get it right."

     They all laughed and headed for the shower.

     Tony had to leave... he had to drive over to a near by town and check
out some property for a client.  Tony was a very successful commercial real
estate broker.  As he drove away he thought, I just fucked my daughter and my
wife over and over..... I hope Susan isn't out too late tonight.  I can hardly wait.

     That night as Susan got ready for Tommy, Maggie walked in her
bedroom.  

     "Well my darling.... what are you going to do with Tommy tonight?"

     "Drive-in I guess Mom... and then I don't know.  Will he be able to tell
I'm not a virgin any more?"

     "No honey.... no one can be sure of that until they fuck you."

     "I want Tommy to think he is the first.... he will be... non-related."

     They laughed and Susan asked in a soft little voice,

     "Mother... who was your first?  How old were you?"

     "Just like you baby... it was my Dad.  I was 15... we used to do things
earlier then....we did it until he was killed when I was 20 and in college married
to your Dad."

     "You fucked your Dad after you married my Dad?"

     "Yes ever chance we got....but your Dad doesn't know any of that..."

     They hugged...  kissed and Susan walked toward the door waiting for
Tommy.  She felt more mature... more of a woman... and she was.

     The doorbell rang and before she opened it Susan turned to her Mom
and asked softly,

     "Have you had any other men since you've been married to Dad?"

     Maggie smiled,  "A few baby... a few.  Have fun tonight."         

     Susan opened the door and as she walked to Tommy's car she realized
that what her Mom just said caused her pussy to jump and start getting wet.....

                              *****

     Back row of the drive in again,  they were in a hot kiss and Tommy's
hands were full of her big tits as Susan rubbed his hard cock through his
pants.  Her blouse came open and Tommy was delighted to find no bra. 
Susan smiled and said,

     "I thought you would like that."

     Tommy's lips found first one nipple and then the other and Susan
moaned and pulled his head in tighter to them.  Susan felt his hand on her
thigh, high and inside on her thigh.   She sighed again and spread her legs... 
why should she stop him.....  His fingers slid inside her panties and into her wet
open cunt.  Now he resumed sucking her nipples hard as he fingered her
pussy rapidly. Susan was close to cumming when Tommy stopped.  To
Susan's delight he pulled her around in the seat and dropped his face to her
pussy.   She screamed as he sucked on her clit and probed deeply into her
cunt with his tongue.  He was good and Susan came repeatedly.  Finally she
pulled him up and kissed him on the lips, enjoying her own taste,

     "Shit Tommy... that was fabulous... where did you learn how to do that.?"

     He just smiled, pleased she had enjoyed it. Then  Susan smiled and
said,

     "I guess it's my turn.."

     And bent to take him in her mouth.  She sucked his cock just the way
Maggie had coached her with Tony.   She later licked his cock clean of
the last drops of cum she had sucked out of him.  She had swallowed a gallon
she thought as she raised up.  He deep kissed her and they shared all of the
many heady flavors of their evening.  They cuddled and sat there talking in soft
tones about how good it had been....  she was sorry he hadn't tried to fuck
her...  she was ready.... she would have let him...

     When she got home she showered and crawled in bed with her Mom
and Dad.  She went down on her Dad to wake him up and shortly was spread
wide as he pounded his huge cock into her hungry little pussy.  Later a relaxed
69 with Mom and they all fell asleep again to much needed rest.

     After that night Tom and Sue both realized they were sex addicts and quit
wasting money on the drive-in.  Instead they drove directly to the nearby lake
to the make-out spot.  They enjoyed oral sex every date.   Sometimes several
times.  Then on their two month anniversary of the first date he fucked her.  A
few minutes later he fucked her again.  Sue sucked his cock til he was hard
and he fucked her a third time.  Finally exhausted, he went down on Sue and
cleaned her cum filled cunt as she sucked his cock in a fantastic 69.

     Dressed and driving home Sue cuddled against him and thought, He fucks
as good as my Dad......he eats pussy almost as good as my Mom....  I'm going
to marry him....

     Maggie was aware of everything they did as Susan reported to her daily. 
Tommy had become a fixture at their house.  Maggie would go shopping after
school so the kids could fuck in Susan's bed.  Sometimes Maggie would come
in quietly and watch them.  She became impressed with Tommy's skill and
wondered how a young kid had gotten so damn good.  She also noticed the
size of his cock, it was a big as Tony's at least.  Tony knew Tommy was
fucking his daughter but so was he.  All in all they were all enjoying life pretty
well.... but it was going to get even better.

                              ******

     One Saturday morning early, Susan and Maggie were in Maggie's bed,
having just enjoyed one of their fun filled sex sessions.  Tony had left early on
business.  Weekends were busy times for Tony selling his commercial real
estate.  It would be late that night when he was scheduled to return. 

     Susan sat up and looked at her Mom with 'I need to talk to you' look of
hers.  Maggie noticed and she said,

     "OK What baby..."

     "Tommy wants to fuck you."

     It sort of hung in the air.  Maggie smiled and looked at her baby.  Then
said,

     "What makes you think so?"

     "Mom he is always looking at you.  Then I asked him what he thought
about you.   We talk about what it might be like to screw other people, just for
fun...   He said he really dug you, that he liked the way older women.... acted.
So I asked him if he would like to fuck you.... he admitted he would."

     "And what do you think of that?"

     "I think it would be fun... you would like him Mom... he is almost as good
as Daddy with his cock.  Almost as good as you with his mouth and tongue. 
I've decided to marry him when we get through college, but I want him to fuck
you.... maybe some others too."

     "I think what you're saying is there are some other guys you want to fuck
too, right?"

     Susan smiled and nodded sayng, "Several".

     "Will you Mom.  After Tommy fucks you he has to go along with me
getting it from other guys too."

     "Honey I think it would be fun.... I've watched you two as you know and
enjoyed that.  I've wondered what Tommy would be like in bed.  When do you
want this to take place?"

     "How about this afternoon since Dad is gone.  Do you think Dad would
mind very much?  I don't want to hurt Daddy."

     Maggie smiled and said,

     "Honey.... your Dad and I have been enjoying other partners for years. 
We go to some pretty wild parties honey, lots of open couples.  Your Dad won't
mind or be hurt.  Call Tommy."               
     
     "I already did... he will be over right after lunch time."

                    end part 4



Comments, constructive criticism, suggestions would be greatly
appreciated ..  where would you like to see this story go...?

 
    Remember - The greatest pleasure is to give pleasure
   














--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
(c) Copyright 1997 Drifter  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL            NOT INTENDED FOR MINORS

                             (MF, Mf, mf,  mF, Ff, MFf, mfm, ff, mfmf, Inc)   


                          The Adventures of Susan
                           by Drifter
                                       Chapter 5

     Maggie opened the door when Tommy arrived. She was dressed, so to
speak, in a tiny thong bikini. 

      Susan had never seen this bikini before.  Her Mom never wore it at
home...  Earlier when Maggie pulled it our of her drawer, she also handed one
just like it to Susan.  It barely covered their nipples, the thong left their beautiful
asses bare and their cunts was just barely covered.  Maggie said,

     "I wear these at some of the parties your Dad and I go to."

     "Wow Mom... I bet you don't get to keep it on long.... sexy."

     Then after a moment Susan asked,

     "Mom... do you fuck everyone at these parties?"

     "Usually, if I like them... and that's most of them..."

     "How many in a night?"

     "Maybe three or four honey, occasionally more."

     "Can I go with you sometimes?  I would love to do that..."

     "I think so... let's talk to your Dad about it.  Do you want Tommy to know
about it?"

     "No..... at least not now....first I want him to talk me into fucking one of
his buddies."

     Susan pulled her suit on and the two of them would have made a
wooden indian hard.

                    *****

     Now at the door Tommy stood there and looked over his future mother-
in-law and smiled,  "Hi Mrs Danata..."

     "Maggie ... call me Maggie Tom honey.  Come in... Susan is out at the
pool. As she closed the door Tommy's eyes scanned her lush body.  Then he
said,

     "I love your suit Maggie."

     She smiled up at him and asked,

     "Is it really the suit you love honey?"

     He chuckled and replied, "I guess not... more what's in it."

     Maggie patted his cheek and said,

     "I think we are going to be great friends Tommy.  Did you bring a suit?"

     "No... I didn't know...."

     "Never mind..."

     Just then Susan walked in and Tommy's eyes were all over her.   She
walked over and gave him a kiss that had him hard as a rock instantly.  She
broke the kiss and Susan whispered in his ear, just loud enough that Maggie
could hear too,

     "I told Mom you wanted to fuck her.... she wants you to....  she is ready
to fuck you right now if you want to.  I want you to... I want you to fuck her
now..  go kiss her hot.... then fuck her hard baby."

     Tommy turned and faced Maggie.  Maggie smiled at him and slowly
untied the top of her bikini.  Her large breasts were bare and  beautiful.  Tommy
stepped over to her and kissed her as Susan watched.  His hands were full of her
bare tits and Maggie was moaning and pressing her cunt into his hard cock.  Shortly
they were fucking like crazy on the floor... it thrilled Susan even more than she
expected to watch her boy friend fuck her hot mother.

     When Maggie rolled over on top of Tommy, Susan sat on his face and
met her Mom in a hot kiss.  Tommy later learned and loved the fact that Susan
and Maggie had sex all the time and he watched them in a hot 69 delighted. 

     It was almost 5:30 that afternoon when Tommy left.   It was clear that he had
an invitation to fuck Maggie anytime he wanted to from both Maggie and Susan. 
Now he knew he was going to marry this girl... and her Mom.

     That night Tommy picked her up and they headed for the lake.  They
were both pretty fucked out for the moment and they kissed and cuddled and
Susan said,

     "Honey... I have a problem Tommy....  My Dad wants me to date some other
guys besides you. He says I need to learn what other guys are like before I
pick one.    My Mom didn't say anything... guess she couldn't."

     "Damn.... I know... my Mom has said the same thing...."

     "Would it be alright with you if we did that?  I mean I couldn't do any
more than you have already done with my Mom...."

     "You mean you want to fuck some other guys?"

     Susan had her hand on his relaxed cock as they talked and now she felt
it start to grow.  He liked the idea at least.

     "No honey, not necessarily... unless  you want me to .... I have to admit
I wonder what other guys are like.  It might be fun."

     "Who did you have in mind?"

     "No one particular... you could choose...maybe one of your buddies."

     His cock was raging hard and Susan pulled it out.  She leaned over and
took him in her mouth... after a moment she raised up and asked,

     "Is there someone you would like to fuck, beside me or my Mom?  I see
you looking at Sandy all the time.  I hear she puts out pretty easy."

     Susan sucked his cock for a few more minutes... 

     "Susan.. it wouldn't bother you if I fucked Sandy?"

     "Not if you told me all about it.....or I watched..... is there someone you would
like for me to date.. maybe fuck him ?"

     "Jeff.. my buddy Jeff.  he is always talking about how hot your are."

     "What do you want me to do with Jeff.  Can I kiss him?"

     "Yeah... and more... only I want to watch him fuck you.   Then you could
date him occasionally and make your Dad happy.  I could date Sandy and
satisfy my Mom.  We could share stories.  Shit it sounds hot."

     "Hmm it does baby... we could have a lot of fun.  Later maybe we could
double date with Jeff and Sandy... that could really get wild."

     "Yeah... and could you and Sandy 69 while Jeff and I watch?"

     "I don't know if Sandy is in to that but I would be willing."

     Tommy pushed her over in the seat and fucked her hard......

                              ******
     
     The next day after school Susan and Tommy looked for Jeff.  They
found him and Tommy asked him to come with them, they had a great surprise
for him.  They drove to Susan's house..... Susan had arranged for Maggie to be
gone... or hiding....

     As they drove to the house Tommy said,

     "Jeff... I want you to do something for me buddy .  It's pretty wild... I have been
wanting to watch some other guy fuck Susan.  She has agreed and I want you to fuck
her while I watch."

     "You're kidding me.... Susan he's kidding right?"

     Susan smiled at him pleased that his cock was already getting hard.

     "No Jeff... he isn't.  He really wants to watch you fuck me.  I like the idea
and  want to fuck you too, so I agreed.  Don't you want me?"

     "Oh shit yes.... but..."

     Tommy pulled into the drive way and they went inside, both guys
sporting hard cocks. 

      Maggie had slipped into Susan's closet...

     In Susan's room first Susan stripped, gave Jeff a blow job that burned the
wax out of his ears and then he slipped his hard cock into her very ready cunt. 
He  fucked her dog style.  Tommy watched and played with himself while his
buddy fucked his girl friend.  After a few minutes Susan told him to move closer
so she could suck his cock while Jeff fucked her.  When they were fucked out
for the moment, Tommy thanked Jeff and asked for another favor...explained
that he wanted to fuck Sandy, wanted him to date Susan occasionally and it was
alright if he even fucked her on those dates.  Then Susan spoke up and said
that they really wanted to double date and switch around.   

     Jeff smiled as he couldn't believe his good luck.  He told them he dated
Sandy regularly.   He fucked her most of those dates and that Sandy was
willing to do just about anything you asked her to do.  She had let him fuck her
on their first date..... double dating sounded like lots of fun.

     When Jeff and Tommy left, Maggie stepped out of the closet and pushed
Susan onto the bed.  She eagerly cleaned the two guys cum out of Susan's well filled
cunt.  Maggie had watched and listened and was proud of her slutty daughter.

     That night after Tony, Maggie and Susan had enjoyed each other in bed
Maggie said,

     "I told Susan about the parties...  she wants to go with us  next time..."

     Tony looked at Susan and said, "You understand what goes on at these
parties baby?"

     "I do Daddy... all those cocks....I get so hot thinking about it I just wet
myself."

     Then Maggie asked,

     "Darling, have you been fucked in the ass yet?  It is a favorite of lots of
the men....."

     "No... I have watched you and Dad...." then she looked at her Dad and
asked,

     "Would you Daddy?"

                         ******

     The following Friday night Tommy and Jeff arrived to pick up Susan.  She
wore a loose knit top, no bra... a short little skirt no panties and sandals.  Tony
and Maggie sat in the living room waiting with her for her date.  Susan had told
them exactly what they had in mind and Tony gave her the keys and directions
to  a small cabin a friend of his owned.  Tony had plans for it the next night and
Sunday.

     As they walked to the car Jeff took Susan's hand in his and led her to the
back seat.  She looked over at Tommy before she got in and he nodded and
smiled.

     She slid in the back seat and Jeff joined her.  As they drove away Jeff
discovered her pussy was bare under her skirt.  When they pulled up at Sandy's
house she was waiting for them on the front porch.  She walked toward the car
and she looked great, light blonde hair, great face, large tits, cute ass... the
works.  Tommy leaned over and opened the front door for her.  She looked at
him and he said,

     "We decided to swap dates, at least for a while... Is that OK with you
Sandy?"

     Sandy looked in the back seat and saw Jeff with his arm around Susan. 
She looked at Tommy and smiled as she slid in.  As the car pulled away Sandy
slid over beside Tommy and put her hand on his leg as she said,

     "This sounds like fun...."

     Tommy  drove toward the edge of town and said to Sandy as he slid his
arm around her, 

     "We borrowed a cabin...."

     Tommy looked over at her and she said,

     "Hon... I thought you and Susan were a permanent thing?"

     "We are Sandy... but  we talked about it and decided we needed to enjoy
some other people too....so we decided to do it together."

     Sandy looked in the back seat and Jeff and Susan were locked in a deep
kiss, Jeff's hands full of her tits.  Sandy felt Tommy's hand on one of her bare leg.
She looked up at Tommy and asked,

     "You and Susan are still tight but you want to play around with others...
together... wow.."

     She slid her hand up on top of his cock and said,

     "I'm glad you guys included me....."

      She turned again and looked at Jeff and Susan and them said to Tommy,

     "Your girl friend is sucking Jeff's cock."

     Sandy pulled his cock free and soon had him deep in her throat.....

     In the cabin Tommy pulled Sandy to the couch and soon was driving his
cock deep into her hot cunt.  She groaned and moaned and came and loved it. 
Beside them Jeff was fucking Susan....

     Later Tommy whispered to Sandy,

     "I want you to eat Susan's pussy Sandy... will you?"

     "I like that.. is it OK with Susan?"

     "Try her...."

     She did and Jeff and Tommy sat back and enjoyed the show........

     Later Susan straddled Jeff's cock and eased down on him and then
directed Tommy to fuck her ass.  She went ballistic when her ass adjusted to
Tom's cock and she went wilder fucking them both at the same time.  When the
guys could Sandy wanted to try it too.

     Later they sat around nude and talked.  Tommy realized how beautiful
Sandy was... and with a body that was out of sight.  Jeff was cuddling her and
holding her close when Tommy said,

     "Sandy... why do you fuck so much?"

     "Cause I love it... I need it... lots of it.  Sometimes I think I would fuck
anything with a cock on it."  

     Then she looked at Susan and smiled and added,

     "Or with a tongue like Susan used on me...."

     Jeff kissed her lips lightly and said,

     "You know what your reputation is at school?"

     "Yeah... that I'm easy.... well it's true... I am.  I won't ever be satisfied with
just one guy.  I really loved this with you guys.  I hope we can get together
again, often... maybe even add another couple or two."

     Then Jeff looked at her and said,

     "Sandy.... we have done a lot together.... you know I really dig fucking
you... but what I have never told you is I'm crazy about you.  You are smart and
fun ...I wish we could...."

     Sandy seemed shocked... she had always dreamed Jeff was her special
guy....but never hoped....
     
     "Could what baby?"   Sandy asked him holding his face in her hands.

     "I wish you would be my girl..."

     "Jeff honey... you know I dig you more than anyone.... not just the sex
although I love the way you fuck me best of all.  But you heard me... I can't
seem to say no to anyone.  I guess the truth is I don't want to say no."

     "I don't care about that Sandy.  I really enjoyed watching Tommy fuck
you...and Susan... I still would like for you to be my girl.  I think I love you.  I
always was afraid to say that.  But after seeing Tommy share Susan's pussy,
somehow it's OK now to admit it."

     Sandy kissed him and held him close as the tears flowed.  Then she said,

     "I'm yours baby..... except...."

     "That's cool... I would like it if most of the time we did it together... but
when I'm not there I want you to tell me all about it."

     "I would like that Jeff.  OK I'm your lady... I will do anything you say when
I'm with you.  And I will tell you about it when I'm not."
     
     His cock was hard and Sandy took him in her mouth.  Her cute ass was
waving in the air and Tommy eased his cock in her cunt.  Susan moved and
pushed her pussy in Jeff's face to complete the circle.

                         end part 5



Comments, constructive criticism, suggestions would be greatly
appreciated but be gentle....  where would you like to see this
story go...?


    














--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There..... (c) Copyright 1997 Drifter  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.




SEXUALLY EXPLICIT MATERIAL            NOT INTENDED FOR MINORS

                             (orgy time,  everything before +,  Inc)   


                          The Adventures of Susan
                           by Drifter
                                       Chapter 6

     It was about midnight when Susan got home.. exhausted.  Maggie
listened as she got in the shower and then when she got out Maggie waited until
Susan came into her bedroom.  Maggie whispered,

     "Hi baby... have a good time?"

     Susan told her Mom every detail and then kissed her and started to go to
bed but Maggie stopped her,

     "Honey.. the reason your Dad has the keys to that cabin is we are hosting
our regular party there tomorrow afternoon, night and Sunday.  There will be 5 
or 6 couples... maybe a couple of single guys... want to go?"

     Susan's eyes lit up and she smiled and replied,

     "You know I do Mother... I'll tell Tommy we have to go out of town for two
days."

                    ******

     By 1:00 pm the next day Tony drove up at the cabin with Maggie and
Susan. They carried their bags in and Susan was glad they had cleaned the
place before they left last night.  Susan asked Maggie,

     "What should I wear?"

     "Anything or nothing baby... what ever turns you on... from now til we
leave here it is pure sex... fuck anyone you like, as many as you like, anyway
you like.  That is what these parties are for.- To fuck and be fucked."

                    *******

     Susan went into the bedroom she had decided would be hers and looked
through her clothes.  Finally she decided on a one piece garment.  A small
almost nonexistent pair of sheer panties.  The were cut in a deep v.  Really a
narrow strip from on her hips to between her legs with a thong in back.  Covered
little and concealed nothing.  Nothing else.   Her beautiful firm young tits were
completely exposed, her cute little ass also.  Her Dark pussy was only veiled
with the sheer panties.  She put her hair up in a pony tail and was ready, or at
least she thought she was.

     Maggie and Tony whistled when they saw her and Maggie commented,

     "You are going to be the hit of the party sweetheart.  The guys will line up
for you.  Remember, they will ask but you don't have to do anything unless you
really want to baby.  Just do what you want to and it will work out fine.  Some
people just like to watch, for a while or all night."

     Maggie and Tony had on light Japanese Hoppy Coats, short silk little
robes with a tie at the waist.  Lots still showing.... in fact Tonys large limp cock
hung down below the bottom of his robe.  Similarly Maggie's pussy peeked out
beneath hers. Susan positioned herself on the stairs, sitting about half way up.  A
great position to observe and be observed.

     The guests began to arrive.  Maggie and Tony greeted each one warmly
as they came in.  There was one couple in their mid twenties, two couples in
their thirties, one handsome old guy in his 50's or 60's  and his partner in her
early twenties.  They were all great looking and Susan started to feel her little
pussy get wet.  For some reason the older guy caught her eye, maybe cause he
was different or maybe because his partner was closer to her own age.

     Tony or Maggie brought each new couple over and introduced Susan. 
They were all warm in their welcome as they looked her hot young body over. 
Susan's nipples were so hard they throbbed.  But she told each couple she just
wanted to watch for a while... it was so new to her....  Everyone understood and
told her to join them when or if she wanted to.

     As she sat their she watched the action start.  She thrilled as she
watched her Mom and Dad fucking someone new.  Everyone but her was very
well occupied.  Then after a few minutes the young girl with the old guy came
over and sat beside her and watched with her.  Susan spoke,

     "Gay, are you dating Otto or what?"

     "No.. we are married Susan... you wondering why I would be with a guy in
his 60's?"

     "Yeah.. you are a knock out.. He is cute and has a nice cock I noticed but
how come?"

     "Cause he is the best lover in the room.  He is kind and considerate, fun
and daring.  He is a great fuck and eats my pussy better than anyone.  He is
patient with me and loves me.  I'm with him cause no one else comes close as
he does to making me happy.  And I love him a lot.  He insists I fuck all the
guys I want, and girls."

     "Wow"  was all Susan could say.

     Gay smiled at her and then leaned over and kissed Susan's lips softly. 
Susan thrilled and knew she was going to join the group fully.  Gay kissed her
deeper as her hands fondled Susan's full tits.  After a few minutes of heavy
petting Gay broke the kiss and reached down to remove Susan's panties. 
Susan raised up to let her pull them down and she kicked them to the side.  To
Susan's delight Gay buried her face in her very wet pussy.

     After Susan had cum a number of times she switched places with Gay
and went down on her pussy.  She smiled as she realized it already had a
great deal of cum in it from more than one guy obviously.  She loved it and
cleaned her out thoroughly.  As she was eating Gay she felt a gently hand on
her ass and a deep voice say,

     "Susan, are you ready for me?"

     She looked around and Otto stood there behind her, his 9 inch cock at full
attention.  She smiled and said,

     "I would love it Otto, Gay was telling me what a wonderful lover you were. 
I would be delighted for you to be my first of the group."

     Susan returned to eating Gay as Otton began to rub the head of his cock
up and down her wet cunt lips.  Then slowly he found the small opening and began to
ease his cock into her inch by inch.  Susan gasped and ate Gay harder.  Gay
spoke,

     "Otto honey, she likes it.  She is about to suck my clit off."

     The ice was broken and Susan joined the group.  She had every male
and several of the females.  She was in a double and a triple fuck.  Several
times Maggie and Tony checked to see if she was doing OK and were pleased
to see she obviously took to the group eagerly.  Then she returned to Otto for a
second serving.  It went on all night and into the next day.  People dropped out
to shower and nap and then returned rested eager to go again.

     Too soon it was over.  As they left Susan joined Tony and Maggie in the
line and kissed each person goodbye until the next party.  When Otto and Gay
left, Gay gave her a business card, hers, and said for her to call them anytime
she wanted to get together.  She and Otto had really loved being with her.

     The three of them cleaned the place and dressed.  They locked up and
headed for home.  Susan rode quietly for a moment then said,

     "Thank you guys.  I really loved it and can hardly wait til next time.  But I
think I better bring Tommy into this since we will be married someday.  Is that
OK?"

     Tony smiled and told her sure.  Obviously discretion was key for everyone
there.  Susan laughed softly and said

     "So much has happened in the last couple of months.  From virgin to
swinger.  I can't tell you guys how much I love it... and you.  I can imagine so many
things for us to do..... just wait until I tell you...."

             thats all folks  (for now)















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....