                    ADVERTISING FOR A MASTER


  It was just by chance that I went out with the guys to a local
strip bar.  They thought I needed some cheering up since my
girlfriend had recently been transferred out of town.

  If they'd only knew that I'd not only lost a girlfriend, but a
submissive girlfriend too, they might understand my depression.

  Julie and I were a perfect pair, I was dominant, she was
submissive, and we both loved bondage and light S&M.  But now,
Julie lives a thousand miles away and I couldn't afford to give up
my six digit income to go with her.  Similarly, I couldn't expect
her to give up her opportunity to make it big and stay with me.  So
we agreed that we'd see each other when we could and go on with
our lives.

  That was three months ago and I miss her terribly!  The guys
knew that I was feeling low, so this adventure was for me.

  I figured that I'd leave early so I drove myself there.  We
arrived at the strip bar and it was a full house.  The bar had
the reputation of having lots of gorgeous and uninhibited girls and
I wouldn't admit it, but I was looking forward to this outing.

  There were three stages and all three had a girl gyrating to
the pounding music in various stages of undress.  As we made our
way through the crowd to find a table, there were three topless
beauties working the floor, flapping their tits in faces and
letting the patrons stuff bills in their panty covered crotches.

  All the girls were knockouts and when we found a table a 
waitress was at our table asking what we'd like to drink.  My
eyes left the girl on the stage and focused on the waitress.  She
was beautiful, and dressed in a skimpy maids uniform.  One of the
guys blurted out three pitchers of beer and she was off to get
them.

  I watched as she left and took in all her charms.  Her uniform
barely covered her bikini clad bottom and her panties exposed
most of her two perfectly formed ass cheeks.

  I felt my groin start to stir and watched her all the way to
the bar.  I returned my attention to the stage and watched the girl
remove her bra and was stimulated further when I saw that she had
both nipples pierced and looped!

  Our waitress returned with our pitchers and even though the
pierced beauty on stage started playing with her nipples, my
attention was diverted to our waitress.

  She was enticing and I just stared at her as she bent over and
delivered us our pitchers.  The outfit she had on revealed her
ample cleavage and as she bent over her breasts spilled from her
uniform, held in only by a frilly white bra.

  She looked right at me, smiled and said, "like what you see?"
and I replied, "they're beautiful!"  She stood up and it was then
that I noticed the thin leather collar around her neck.

  "Nice outfit," I commented, "and I like your little collar." 
She smiled and reached up and touched the leather and grabbed its
small attached ring.  "My ex-boyfriend gave it to me and even
though I parted with him, I can't part with this."  "It's as
beautiful as you," I said.

  My dick went hard, my pulse quickened and I stammered to say
something else as she turned and walked away but I was glad the
music had drowned out my blubbering.  I watched her ass again as
she walked away and wondered.

  As I looked up to the girl on the stage I was mesmerized as she
started pulling on her nipple rings.  She pulled so hard that her
tits changed shape and her nipples extended from her tits and
inch or better!

  "I've got'em too," I heard someone whisper in my ear and I
turned around to see our waitress beside me!  "Yes and..?" I asked
her curiously.

  "My nipples are pierced too," she said privately, "and I love
to have mine pulled too."  I boldly asked, "do you like to have
your collar pulled on also?"  She blushed but didn't answer and
turned to go back to the bar.

  Her expression told me something and I smiled as I watched her
ass cheeks retreat.  I watched the girl on the stage lay down and
pull on a ring while she fingered her pussy through her G-string,
but even as I watched my mind was on our waitress.

  Soon I heard her whisper again, "yes," she said and I knew that
she was answering my last question.  "I have matching sets," I
said reaching for her wrist, "that fit here."

  Her eyes widened and she reached for my hand.  She bent over
and whispered, "you're the first to pick up on my collar.  I'm on
break in five, will you have a drink with me?"  "Yes," I said, "if
you'll show me your pierced nipples."

  I wondered what she'd say, but without hesitation she "OK," and
"I'll meet you at the far back corner booth."

  That was the longest five minutes of my life, but when I saw
her go back to the booth, I followed.

  She was already sitting when I arrived, and when I went to sit
across from her she said, "why don't you sit over here with me." 

  I scooted in next to her and she offered me the drink that she
had brought with her.  She said her name was Ginger and I
introduced myself.  The talk was small and it made its way around
to both our love-life situations.  Although we hadn't breach the
subject of her necklace I asked, "were you involved in some kinky
love making?"

  She bowed her head and nodded yes.  I pressed on and firmly
said, "let me see your nipples."  Without hesitation, her head
still bowed, she reached up and pulled the top of her outfit and
bra down, revealing her full chest.

  There before my eyes were two beautiful breasts, and both
nipples had gold loops running through them!  "Pull them if you
like," she said submissively, and I ran my finger through one of
the loops and pulled down on it.

  "Aaahhh," she moaned but did nothing to stop me.  "Spread your
legs," I said, and without reluctance she spread them.  My hand
went between them and up her short shirt until I reached her
panty covered crotch and fingered her pussy through the material.

  "Mmmnnnn," she purred and gave no resistance to my hand.  I
looked at her and I said, "play with you nipples."

  She took both hands and each grabbed a nipple ring and began to
pull and tug on them.  My fingers moved aside her panties and I
let my fingers slide into her wet pussy!

  "AAAhhhhhhh," she moaned and I watched as she closed her eyes
and pulled harder on the rings!  She was getting off in the booth!

  My fingers found her clit and as I squeezed it tight I said,
"you can't cum!"  "Pleessee," she whispered.  "Not unless you call
me master," I said.

  She shook all over and said, "Pleassee..master...pleeessee!"

  I waited for a few moments, still pinching her clit and then
said, "Now you may cum."  She yanked on her rings, bit down on
her lower lip and tired to muffle her orgasm.  "MMMmmmppphhhhh,"
she groaned and cum soaked my fingers.

  I pulled my fingers out from under her skirt and brought them
up to her mouth.  She slowly opened her eyes and when she saw my
fingers dripping with her sex she took my hand and made love to
my fingers with her mouth!

  My cock struggled in my pants and I wanted relief!  Her hands
roamed down to my fly and just as she grabbed my cock I heard a
voice call out, "Ginger, back to work."  It was the bartender and
Ginger looked at me pleadingly and said, "I'm sorry but I have to
go back to work.  Will you take me home tonight?"

  I let her out of the booth and said with a smile, "yes, but
you'll have to pay."  She smiled back and answered, "gladly."

  "Ginger," I said, "before you go, leave me your panties."  She
looked startled, but stepping behind me she reached under her
little maids outfit and remove her cum soaked panties and handed
them to me and said, "yes master."

  I watched as she walked back to the bar and I could see both
her ass cheeks peaking out from under her fringe.  She turned back
to me and smiled and I held up her panties to my nose with one
finger and smiled back.

  I went back to the table with all the guys and they hadn't even
missed me!  A new girl was on stage dancing to the rhythms and I
joined them in their shouts for more.  The girl working the floor
was the one with the nipple rings and when she started to come
our way I saw Ginger stop her and whisper something in her ear.

  They both looked directly at me and smiled and then Ginger went
one way and the girl came over toward me.  Guys tried to get her
attention but she brushed them off and came directly over to me.

  She stood before me and then sat down on my lap so that she was
facing me and said softly, "Hi, I'm Lynn, Ginger says you're a
master of rings, will you take me home too?"

  I'm sure my shock showed in my face and I know it showed in my
pants!  Lynn move her hips slightly, rubbing my hard-on into her
crotch.  "Sure," I said, "but it'll cost you."  "I'll pay ANY
price," she said and held her breast with the nipple ring up to
my mouth.

  I took the ring in my mouth and she leaned back, stretching her
nipple out further and further.  All the guys were cheering her
on and she didn't let up!  She kept pulling harder and harder until
her pulled tit was twice as long as her other one and it was
shaped like a cone!

  My teeth couldn't hold onto it any longer and as the ring
snapped from my mouth, her tit snapped back to her chest and the
crowd cried out in approval.  Lynn's face contorted and as her tit
collapsed back to her chest I felt the warmth of her cum soak my
pants!

  She wiggled once more before she got up from my lap and as she
kissed my neck she said, "make me pay."

  I saw Ginger looking on as Lynn got up and she just smiled and
winked as she turned for the bar.  The crowd was still applauding
as Lynn left the floor and I just stared at my cum soaked pants
reliving the last hour.

  Closing time came and I said good-bye to all the guys.  They
all gave me a hard time about hanging around but if they only knew
what I was waiting for they'd die!

  Ginger and Lynn both came out of the club together and I
thought that I'd loose it!  Ginger and Lynn were both dressed in
mini skirts and heels and they looked hot!  I opened the door for
them and before they got in they both kissed me and grabbed my dick
as they passed and said, "thank you master."

  I closed the door and was sure that I'd wake up anytime now
from a wonderful dream!  I got into the car and both girls handed
me their underwear!  They had both pulled their skirts up and I
could see their pussies!

  "You'll pay for teasing," I said and they both replied, "we
hope so."  "Finger each other until we get to my place," I ordered,
and both girls reached for the other's pussy.  Neither disagreed,
and as Ginger fingered Lynn she asked, "do you think you have
matching leather for both of us?"

  My cock pulsed and I said, "you'll both get identical
accessories."  Both girls wiggled nervously as we drove along,
but in about twenty minutes we had arrived at my place.

  During our drive we talked and I found out that Ginger and Lynn
were roommates.  Actually they were more than just roommates,
they were bed-mates!  They were both bi-sexual and into the same
things!

  I pulled in the drive and both girls were in awe of the house.  
"You live here by yourself," Ginger asked?  I told them yes and
agreed that it was an awfully big place for just one person. 
"Maybe I could use a maid or two," I said.

  Pulling into the garage I parked the car and shut the door.  I
walked around and opened the door for the ladies.  As they both
scooted out of the car they let their skirts ride up even further
to reveal their pussies.

  Once out of the car they started to adjust their skirts and I
said, "leave them like they are."  They did and I led them into
the house and up to the bedroom.

  Once in the bedroom I sat on the edge of my king size bed and I
told them, "strip each other out of your cloths."  Both girls
giggled and turned toward each other and in a hugging fashion
reached around each other and unzipped the other dress.

  At the same time they pulled each others dress off their
shoulders and over their abundant chests, revealing two sets of
bra encased titties!   Their hands kept moving until the dress were
over their hips and onto the floor.

  Both girls stood in front of me dressed only in a bra and high
heels and to say that my cock was ready to explode would be an
understatement!

  "Free those tits," I ordered and both reached up between their
breasts and unhooked the bra's center clasp.  Their tits leaped
from the cups and I just stared at them!

  "Let us make you happy," Ginger softly spoke.  I got up off the
bed and walked around behind the girls.  SMACK!  I slapped
Ginger's ass with my hand and said, "you only speak when spoken to!
Understand?"  "Yes master," came her reply.

  "Arms behind your backs," I ordered, and both reacted
immediately!  I had picked up two pairs of wrist cuffs and I
stood behind Ginger first.

  When Ginger felt a cuff encircle her wrist she sighed and in a
matter of moments I had captured both wrists in the cuffs and
locked them together.

  Lynn was next and in just a few moments her wrists were also
cuffed and locked together.  I took a few moments to take in
their backsides and ponder what to do next.

  As my eyes scanned each of them I couldn't believe my good
luck!  Before me was not just one, but two cuffed and naked
beauties!  My gaze started at their high heeled shoes and continued
up and over two pairs of well-shaped calves, and thighs, to a pair
of cuffed wrists resting on a pair of exquisite asses!

  My eyes kept moving after a long pause at their asses and
continued roaming up their smooth silky backs, to the nape of
their necks where their blonde and red hair respectively rested on
their delicate shoulders.

  Stepping around in front of them it all caught up with me!  It
wasn't a dream!  This was happening!  Before me were two gorgeous
women, shackled and willing to please ME!

  My eyes again took in all their charms starting at their high
heeled shoes.  I took my time admiring their nakedness, my eyes
easing their way up their legs and stopping at their pussies!

  They're poised in front of me were TWO beautiful pussies!  One
had a tuft of red hair and the other a tuft of blonde hair.  Both
were well trimmed and both showed moisture sweating from their
lips!

  "Spread your legs," I ordered and both ladies opened their
stance.  "Wider," I barked and both spread them even further.  I
took advantage of their willingness and with each hand I fingered
each of their pussies!

  Both of them cooed, "MMMMmmmmmmm," as my fingers slid into
their holes.  I still couldn't believe that this was happening to
ME!

  Withdrawing my fingers, I continued my gaze and stopped at
their breasts.  "Ginger," I said, "what size are your breasts?" 
"36C, master," she answered.  "And Lynn," I asked, "what size are
yours?"  "D, master," she replied.

  They were indeed the most beautiful pair of tits I'd ever seen
and all four rings lancing their nipples shined brightly.  They
were more than I could stand and I reached out and grabbed the
tit of each girl by the ring.

  "Should I pull them," I ask sarcastically.  Ginger replied, "if
you wish master."  Lynn replied, "yes."

  My dick started to pulse and as I started to pull down on both
rings I could feel my own cum start to boil!

  "KNEEL!" I ordered, and both girls fell to their knees!  I let
go of their rings and quickly unbuckled my pants and let them fall
to the floor.

  Before the two girls was a raging hard-on!  It was massive, I
couldn't believe it was mine!  "Suck," I ordered and both girls
mouths attack my cock!

  I reached down and grabbed a nipple ring of each girl and began
to pull upwards.  Grunts came from their busy mouths, but they
didn't stop licking and sucking!

  My dick started to pump as the cum started to work its way from
the depths of my sole and as Ginger swallowed my dick whole and
Lynn tilted her head and wrapped her mouth around my balls I
started to cum!

  Ginger pulled away for just a moment as my cum started to spurt
and Lynn's face and hair caught the first pulse of cum!  Ginger
quickly wrapped the head of my dick with her mouth and began to
gobble up rest of the white froth.  With her talented tongue she
worked the last drop of cum into her mouth and then sliding off
my cock she began to lick the cum off Lynn's face and hair!

  I pulled up hard on their tits and said, "get up," and led them
over to the bed.  I left their hands cuffed behind their back and
I ordered Lynn to eat out Ginger.  Ginger laid on her back on the
bed and spread wide her legs.

  With her legs spread, Gingers pussy was wide open and her bush
was sodden with her own sex!  Lynn climbed onto the bed, between
Ginger's legs, and bent over and began to lick Ginger's pussy.

  I'd never been with two girls before and I watched in amazement
as Lynn's tongue made love to Ginger's pussy!  Bent over, Lynn's
tits hung down and the rings moved with the motion of Lynn's body
stroking Ginger's pussy with her tongue.

  My cock was hard again and I moved onto the bed and behind
Lynn.  Her ass was poised, and with a single stroke I penetrated
Lynn's pussy!

  "MMMPPHHHH," Lynn cried out into Gingers pussy!  My hips thrust
my dick into Lynn's boiling pussy and with every stroke of my
cock, it would drive Lynn's tongue deeper into Ginger's now
erupting hole!

  "UGH..UGH..UGH..UGH.." Ginger's grunts of passion drove my dick
further into Lynn's pulsing cunt!  I reached around and under
Lynn and grabbed both tits and rings and began yanking on them in
rhythm to my thrusts!

  "AUGH..AAUGH..AAAUUGGH..AAAUUGGHHH," Lynn's cries blended with
Ginger's!  Soon we were all grunting together, driving each other
on until we all began to shudder in a massive orgasm!

  First Ginger cried out, "YESS..YESSSSS..YESSSSS..AAAAUUUGHHH!" 

  Then Lynn joined in, "AUGGHH..AUUUUGGHH..AAAUUGGGGGGHHHHHH!"  And
I followed, "AAAAUUUGGGGHHHHHHHH!" shooting my cum into Lynn's
pulsing cunt!

  I rammed my dick in one final time and Lynn collapsed on top of
Ginger.  Panting, they both locked in a passionate kiss and then
Lynn rolled off her.

  That night we all slept together in the king size bed and both
girls remained cuffed and naked.

  In the morning we all awoke and as I laid there and played with
both sets of tits and pussies.  I made the girls and offer they
couldn't refuse, "I want both of you to move in with me and be my
maids and slaves.  If that's agreeable, suck my dick!"

  Both mouths dove for my dick and we've slept together since! 
Both girls still work the club now and then, but their main job
is to keep my house cleaned and me satisfied!

END
