Archive-name: Bondage/adventur.txt
Archive-author: Ted Wagner
Archive-title: Adventure


	DISCLAIMER:  This story is true.  The names of the individuals
involved have been changed to conceal their real identity.  I also
won't mention who this is about.  Your guess is all part of it being
an erotic fantasy.  If you wish to repost this, you may do so with my
name as the author.  And this disclaimer attached.  I felt like
I shouldn't graduate and go away without sharing this with you all.
I've lurked and posted under anonymous names.  But, thought that
I'd post this outright.  Enjoy!  (any and all comments, etc...are
welcome....any sent after August 10 will dead end as I leave IU
that week).

				Adventure

                              by Ted Wagner
                                  1993


	The whole week had been hot.  Actually, the whole damn beginning
of the summer had been hot.  And now, a small vacation.  24 free hours.
24 free hours were going to be spent in a nice, clean, quiet, motel room.
But, that was yet to come...

	Kathy bound out the door toward the car.  Naturally, being the
gentleman I am, I opened her car door for her and took her bags.  I care-
fully placed her luggage in the trunk and quickly got back into the
driver's seat.  Although we both knew what lay ahead this weekend (sex),
of course, casual smalltalk took over.  We had known each other for
about a year at this time.  Sex became something to look forward to
for both of us.  But, we wanted to put a deliberate twist into our
sex to liven things up.  Quite a few subject were tossed in the air
and commented on as we drove to the motel.  But, not much substance to
the conversation could be recorded.  Ultimately, like all conversations
where some anxiety or anticipation is present, the topic we returned to
often was the weather.  And, ironically, it was an appropriate subject.
It was hot.  And, it wasn't going to get any cooler.

	Through the whole summer, we had exchanged letters.  We often
met on weekends and had frequent retreats to motels.  Sometimes 
motels could wait, sometimes hotel rooms were paid for in haste with
no real sleeping involved, and sometimes we bummed around Indianapolis
first to highten the anticipation for what was to come.  After each
liason, our letters would often jump into the subject of sex--literally.
One subject never connected to another.  These discussions would
often lead to fantasies that we would both someday like to bring
to reality.  Unknown to myself, one of those fantasies we discussed
would soon be reality.

	I was soon surprised.  Our favorite cuisine for that
summer was Korean and Chinese food.  As we were sitting in a Chinese
restaurant, Kathy casually dropped her plans right in my lap.

	"So, Allan, are you up for tonight?"

	"Well," I responded, "that all depends on what is going to 
happen tonight."

	Kathy smiled mischievously, "Well, I have a lot planned for
tonght.  Are you up for a bet?"

	Quite surprised at Kathy's new lack of shyness I asked,
"Uh, what kind of a bet do you have in mind?"

	"Mmm.  I have a very challanging bet for you.  I bet you I
will give you the wildest time of your life tonight.  However,
there is a switch.  If you let me be in complete control of everything
from the time we leave this restaurant, I will give you the best
and most interesting sex in your life...up until now.  But,
that is not the bet.  I bet you that I can give you the best sex
you have had up to this point.  If I win, I get as much oral sex
as I want for a whole weekend."

	"And, if you lose...if you don't give me the best sex I've
ever had?"

	"I haven't considered losing."

	"Oh, so you are so sure you can do this?"

	"Yes.  But, to be fair, I'll give you this--if I lose,
I'll consent to having sex in public with you."

	"Even if it is the Mall?  In Fredericks?"

	"Right.  I wouldn't bet this if I wasn't so sure."

	"Well, don't be so sure."

	"You wait Allan...You wait and see.  You'll soon be
using that tongue of yours."

	"You're on.  I'll take that bet."

	We finished eating, snickering the whole time, not believing
either one of us could win that bet.  Admittingly, it seemed
pretty bizarre.  Not totally out of line, but a little bizarre.
I knew Kathy.  I wasn't too sure she could do it.  Writing about
fantasies and what one wants sexually is one thing, but actually
doing it is another.  As soon as we were finished eating, we took
a half hour walk to help digest our food, then drove to the hotel.

	Leaving out all the usual exciting pleasantries of getting
the room key....

	
	According to the bet, Kathy was in control as soon as we got
back in the car from the restaurant.  But, I never knew it.  I 
didn't see any evidence of it until we entered the room.

	Being the common man I am, I immediately had the boob tube
turned on.  Within a few seconds, *click* off went the TV.

	"Allan, there won't be ANY television tonight.  None 
at all.  Now, you accepted this bet, and I am in complete control.
Get out of your clothes, put them in the extra trash bag over there
and tie it up.  Then, go take a shower.  Every inch of your body
better be SQUEAKY clean.  And don't take more than half an hour.  I'll
get read while you are showering."

	Now I knew she was serious.  She ignored me as I disrobed.
I was a little slow to see what she would do, "Hurry up!  What do
you think this is anyway.  Get those rags off and in that bag!"
Now I really knew who was in charge.

	I quickly shed the rest of my clothes, placed them in the 
extra garbage bag that was inside the plastic pail, tied up the
sides in a granny knot, and raced into the bathroom.  I turned
on the shower to a nice warm, strong stream, and began washing
my hair.  Soon, I had washed my hair three times, cleaned the
rest of my body twice, and shaved.

	I vigorously dried myself, combed and dried my hair, and
brushed my teeth...twice.  As soon as I opened the door, I was
grabbed and faced toward the motel room door.  "You barely made
it Allan.  Don't turn your head.  Keep your nose to the door.
You are my piece of meat for the rest of the night."

	I listened for Kathy as she walked away from me.  She went
into the bathroom and took a shower herself.  I knew better than
move.  I was never sure when she might be looking.  Even though
the water was on, I couldn't be sure she wasn't in the shower.
It seemed like a long time.  I could see out the peep-hole
and felt very exposed as I watched people pass by and enter and
exit their rooms.  What did seem like a long time was not probably.
About 30 minutes later, I heared Kathy's voice behind me, "Don't
move.  I'm putting a blindfold on you."

	This was no ordinary blindfold.  First, Kathy put a 
sleeping blindfold over my head.  These blindfolds are usually used
to sleep in.  And, they are quite effective at keeping the light
out.  But, next, Kathy put a bandana around the blinfold and tied
it snuggly on my head.  "There, that should keep you deprived of your
site."

	"Now, put your hands behind your back."  Soon, I heard the
tell-tale click of handcuffs and felt the cold metal against my skin.
"That should keep your hands from getting into trouble.  And these
sould keep your from running away."  The next feeling I had was what
felt like handcuffs on my ankles.  This confused me.  I knew none
of the handcuffs I had would even fit!

	"These are leg-cuffs.  I bought them from a police supply
house in St. Louis.  When you walk, take small steps.  There is
only about two feet of chain between them.  I don't want you falling.
I can't damage my merchandise."

	Kathy was playing this role to the hilt!

	"Now, turn around big boy.  Slowly.  I'll guide you."

	Kathy was treating me, truly, like meat.  As soon as I was
turned sufficiently, Kathy stopped me.  Then, I felt something
rough around my neck.  It was a collar.  It felt skinny, but big
enough to be a dog's collar.  Soon, a leash clicked into place around
the front of my neck.

	"I will lead you now.  Follow the pull of the leash, doggie,
and you will be quite safe."

	Following the leash, I had no idea where I was going.  Soon,
to my surprising embarassment, my cock began to enlarge and grow
to a full erection.

	"Now, sit back.  There is a chair behind you.  When you
sit, make sure your knees are parted."

	I moved back, hesitantly, until the front of the chair
bumped the backs of my legs.  Now I knew where I was going.
The feeling was reassuring.  I sat down and spread my legs as asked.
My handcuffed wrists stuck out behind the back of the chair.

	"Now," Kathy announced, "about the bathroom.  I don't know
how many times I ask when we are together, but you left a mess.
You'll have to pay.  And, you will probably regret the mess you
made as I have never spanked a man before, but you don't know
how many times I wanted to.  So, I have been reserving my feelings
for some time.  You won't be disappointed.  20 strokes ought
to be enough, but, to make sure, I think I will write down some
numbers on pieces of paper and let you pick the additional strokes
that should make you remember your paddling."

	Now I knew she was REALLY serious.  But, my cock responded
by getting as hard as I think it has been in quite a while.  But,
how was I going to pick those pieces of paper?

	Soon, I found out.  Pressed into my face was a hat.
I couldn't figure out what kind of hat it was since I hadn't worn
any.  But, that's what it was.  "Open your mouth and grab a piece
of paper.  There are five in there."  Kathy shook the hat a little
and replaced it over by face.  I opened my mouth and found nothing.
So, I stuck out my tongue and touched a piece of paper, brought it
to my lips and held on.  I Mmhmmed as a signal that I had one.

	"Ok, let's see what we have here."  Kathy took the paper
from my mouth and giggled.  "Boy, you are going to get it.  This
is pretty good.  This piece of paper has the number 20 on it!  You
will be getting 40 on the ass.  I will make it read too.  Maybe you
won't soon forget to be civil and keep after your messes!"

	Kathy began tugging on my leash.  I got the signal and stood.
"What's next Kathy?"

	"Did I give you permission to talk, boy?  I don't think I did.
How would you like to pick another number out of the hat?"  I shook
my head.  "I didn't think so.  Consider that a warning."

	Kathy then pushed me from behind so that my calves met the
bed.  I wasn't sure what side.  She helped me up to my knees on the 
bed.  "Now, I have planned this for quite some time, as if you
didn't notice.  In front of you are three instruments.  One will
be my hand.  The other will be your very own belt.  And the third
will be one of those paddles from a ball and paddle game from WalMart.
They don't lay in order in front of you.  You will pick a number from
1 to 3.  I will then pick that instrument from right to left using
the number you give me.  I will then use that instrument to give you
your well earned spanking.  Now pick."

	This was very interesting and exciting.  Now only was I
being deprived of most of my senses, I was having to pick my
own outcome in this punishment!  I was in control of my destiny
(so-to-speak) yet, Kathy was in total control.  It was driving me
wild.  So far, I felt like she was well on her way to winning this
bet!  I had never experienced anything like this.  It was
erotic/semi-humiliation/and exciting.

	I was apprehensive.  I could pick any number, and it could
be anything but Kathy's hand.  I decided not to waste any time and
anger her.  So, I picked number two.
	
	"Ah, you got lucky.  It is only the paddle."  Only the paddle!?!
Oh my.

	Kathy stood me up and began to tease me.  She knew how much
I like my penis stimulated in any way.  She gently caressed my balls
and traced her soft fingers around the head of my cock.  Pre-cum
had already oozed out the tip, but she spread it around to 
make room for more to come.  

	Surprising me, Kathy sternly turned me around and unfastened
the handcuffs.  But, before I could do anything, she left my
right wrist secured, brought my wrists in front of me, and
relocked the handcuffs.  Then, I was bent over Kathy's knees.
I was beginning to get apprehensive.

	Kathy carefully made sure my cock was between her knees.
I could tell she was naked, and enjoying herself.  Even though
I couldn't see, I knew she was smiling.  And, she was enjoying
this.  So was I.

	The first 'blow' fell with a resounding SMACK.  It 
didn't hurt too much.  But, no sooner than I began to think about
how intense it was, another fell *SMACK*.  Gradually, Kathy
paddled my ass, slowly increasing the intensity.  All through
the spanking, Kathty made sure to move her thighs about,
mostly up and down.  This was sheer torture for my cock
which was buried between her milky thighs.  Several times I
came close to ejaculation...she knew it.  And, she laughed
each time. By 30, I was praying she would stop early.  But, 
she didn't.  She prolonged my anxiety.  At 30, she slowed the 
pace of her 'blows' waiting for a random amount of time between 
each one.  She also made each stroke much harder.  At 38, she 
warned, "Now, these last two are going to be quite hard.  Don't 
move...or I shall have more fun with you later on."  As promised,
the last two were quite hard.  However,  they probably felt worse
than they actually were after all the others I received.

	She let me recover a few minutes and caressed my red as
rubbing in what I thought was baby oil.  My ass was hot, but it
was going to be soft too.

	Kathy again guided me to my feet.  This time, I was
lead to a bed (I wasn't sure which one at this point).  Carefully,
Kathy helped me lie face up on the bed.  I heard Kathy enter
the bathroom.  The wait was terrible.  But soon, Kathy was back.

	I felt the bed give as Kathy got up on the bed.  I 
was limp once again, but there was quite a bit of pre-cum on
the head of my cock.  I jumped slightly as Kathy bent down
and swallowed my limp cock whole.  Kathy was good at oral
sex and she was quite proud of her skill.  She slowly brought
my limp cock back to life using her warm, wet mouth.  It felt
like my cock was in slightly unsolidified jello. Warm and silky.

	Soon, with all the heavenly attention, my cock came
back to life.  It was rock solid in less than a minute.  Kathy
keep slurping loud enough so I could hear, something she
normally does not do.  Her tongue was torture on the head of
my cock.  It traced firm circles from the base of the head,
slowly like a corkscrew to the tip, taking time to lick all 
the pre-cum, and then back down to the starting point.  She
continued this treatment until I was moments from orgasm.
Then, suddenly, she stopped.  The frustration got the better
of me and I moaned and sighed. 

	Kathy raised an eyebrow to that, "So, do you disagree
with the way I am treating my slave?"  She giggled.

	I chose to play safe and not let any sounds escape
my mouth.  I lay on the bed for quite some time, and once again
became soft.  "I want my slave to last when I fuck him.  So,
we will make him cum.  We just can't have him cumming before I
do."  Again, she giggled.

	This time, she didn't use oral sex to tease me.  She
got down to business and used her wonderful hands.  One of her
hands grabbed my balls, and she gently began to caress them.
With her other hand, she used a few fingers to dance around the
skin of my cock until slowly it began to grow to its full length.
As she continued to caress my balls with her hand, she began
to stroke my cock.  She started low on the base of my cock and
worked her hand up to the head, then back down.  She knew my
pace and rhythm.  Slowly, she picked up the pace, pumping her
small, soft hand up and down my shaft.  Soon, I found myself
arching my back.  Kathy picked up her pace and pumped faster
and faster.  She fondled my balls more vigorously, sometimes
squeezing gently, and pulling firmly toward the mattress.
Within a few seconds, my cum was shooting up and all over her
hand.  

	Kathy cleaned up my cum, and let me rest....





	After about 20 minutes, I felt the bed again give way.
I was surprised that I didn't fall asleep with the blindfold
still on.  Kathy took off the handcuffs and transferred my 
wrists to some sort of ties on each side of the mattress.
They felt like neckties or some sort of very soft rope.
One thing was for sure...I couldn't move my hands very far.
Before I had time to think about it, I felt Kathy crawl toward
my head and her sexy thighs stradle my head.

	"Ok slave Allan, now its my turn.  Unlike males, females
need a jumpstart.  I need to get my motor purring so I can help out
your ego by cumming when you do.  Start licking sweety."

	With that, I felt Kathy move up over my head and hook
her calves under my arms.  She squeezed, now cutting off another
sense...my hearing.  She lowered her pussy to my face, bumping
it first along my nose, making sure I would get a snootful
and helping me to orient myself.  Since I couldn't move my head
too well, I was restricted to how and where I could lick.  Then,
I figured out that that was the way she wanted it.  She didn't
want to be teased.  She wanted to get down to business.  I 
opened my mouth so my lips could meet her pussy lips.  As my lips
met her sex, I was again surprised.  She was clean shaven!
Never had Kathy consented to shaving her pubic hair with the 
exception of her usual bikini area hair.  

	I began to lick the outsides of her lips.  As soon
as my tongue touched her lips, I knew this whole evening was turning
her on as well.  She was wet.  I never knew her to be as wet as
this.  I was in heaven.  I began recklessly lapping like a dog
drinking beer.  I wanted more.  Soon, though, I felt her thighs
begin to squeeze.  I immediately saw that a signal to improve my
oral sex technique.  I slowed my pace and moved to her inner lips.
I snaked my tongue up to her clitoris, then back down, around.
I again attacked her clitoris.  She began to sway her hips,
moving them in small circles.  I inserted my tongue into her
vagina trying to fuck it.  She pressed her pussy back against
my face as I tried to stick my tongue in as far as I could.
I pulled my tongue out and slid it back to her clitoris.  I
made small, but firm circles around the hood, then licked it
directly.  Kathy jumped a bit.  I then sucked her clitoris
between my lips and tugged the best I could and released it.
Kathy began to moan.  I sped up my tongue and drove it back
into her vagina.  I then moved it back to her inner folds and
licked faster.  I moved to her clit again, and sucked it between
my lips still stimulating it with my tongue.  I felt Kathy shudder,
her legs quivered, and finally, her low, throatly moan  and
then she shaked.


	She didn't move for a while, but released my head.
Soon, she moved off from over my head and moved to the side
of the bed.  She took my cock in her mouth and began to suck
my cock back to life again.  Kathy was soon on top, slowly
guiding my resurrected cock into her slick tunnel.  Very slowly
she lowered herself fully onto my shaft.  Then, she sat for a 
few minutes.  Slowly, she raised herself up to the tip of my
cock, and slowly lowered herself back down.  Kathy continued
this slow fuck pumping up and down ever so slowly.  Again,
Kathy slowed to a stop.  This time, however, she leaned forward
and unfastened my wrists.  Then, she reached back and took off
the leg cuffs.  She wanted my movement.

	Kathy started once again.  She warned me that she was
to be in control and I was to cue off her movements.  Up
and down she slowly fucked herself, and me.  It was mind boggling.
She increased the tempo slowly to a comfortable pace, but again
stopped, and sat only moving her hips gently in a circle.
Over and over again, she would fuck me slowly, then stop.
Each time, she increased the tempo, and would stop.
After doing this six times, I thought I would go mad.  Kathy
removed my blindfold.  I squinted at my new surroundings after
being deprived of light for what seemed like days.

	I caressed Kathy's breasts and massaged her thick
nipples.  She began to rock her hips backwards and forwards
pressing her pubic bone into my hips, trying to get clitoral
stimulation any way she could.  She began to pump up and down
my cock at an increasing pace, this time not holding back.  She
began to moan and girgle as she always does when she nears
orgasm.  I met her downward thrusts with upward thrusts of my
own.  Soon, the bed began to bang against the wall in that tell-tale
way associated with many motels.  Kathy began to sigh and squeal.
I began to moan myself.  I felt an orgasm coming, but it wasn't near
yet.  Kathy began to thrust harder.  She reached back behind her
and under her ass and began to caress my balls.  She knew how
to pull my strings and enhance my stimulation.  Soon, I was
nearing ejaculation and she was near an orgasm.  As I tried
to keep massaging her breasts and nipples, she began to shudder.
I thrust harder upwards to keep up the pace as she began to lose
control.  Within seconds we were both in a frenzy of erotic
babblings.  Kathy squealed quite loudly and I let out a long,
and unusually loud moan as we came together.

	
	As we layed there under the covers, cuddling, and fondling,
we rested from our recent ectasy.  Kathy coyly smiled and asked,
"So, who wins the bet?"

	No question at all in my mind.  "You do."

	Kathy smiled.  "Good.  I knew I would.  Next weekend when
we meet, you'll need to pay up."  She giggled, then winked.


The End

-- 
