After
by deirdre, 2/15/95

"He *what*!?"

"He wants to spank me," repeated Dana, to my shock.

"Are you going to let him?"  I couldn't help grinning.

She didn't answer for a second.  "I don't know," she finally said in a 
thoughtful voice.

"You can't be thinking about it!"  I burst out.  Dana was wilder than me, but 
spanking was, well, a little more than Dana or I would get into.

"A ha!  Not as nonchalant about it as you let on!" she said with a grin.  
"Listen, it's not *that* strange.  Brenda's done it."

My jaw dropped.  Brenda!  Dana giggled at me some more.  "*Brenda* let 
some guy spank her?"  I knew Brenda didn't have a boyfriend at the 
moment.

"No.  A woman."  Well, I didn't think she could top her previous statement, 
but she had.  This time I really *was* speechless for a minute.  "Didn't 
know Brenda was bi, did you?  You really are an innocent."  Her smile was 
patronizing.

"I..." I stammered.  Brenda was always rather friendly to *me*!  I had a 
sinking feeling.

"Wondering if she's turned on to you?  It doesn't mean she has the hots for 
every woman she meets, you know, anymore than you have the hots for 
every guy."  She laughed at me again.  I didn't ask her any more about it, 
and we got to talking about other things--I think she was finally trying to 
be nice to me, getting off the topic.  But I couldn't get it out of my mind.

Then I met Brenda the next morning.  I did my best to act natural.  "Dana 
tells me you just found out I'm bi," she said.  So much for going on as if I 
hadn't heard.

"Uh, yes."

She smiled at me.  "I really only had a couple of experiences," she went on.  
"Back in highschool once with a girl I knew, and..." she paused.  I couldn't 
help myself--I was curious beyond belief.  I hoped it wasn't written all 
over my face.  "Dana told you I got spanked," she finally said.

"Yes," I said, repetitiously.

"I haven't told anybody who it was: it was Professor Gilman."

I gasped.  We were both in her class!  "Brenda!  But.."

"I know!  But it was before... before I signed up for the class."

"Oh," I said, but still uncertainly.

"It wasn't much really--just once and just the, uh, spanking."  I went 
away from that conversation in a complete daze, not believing what I was 
hearing.  Sometimes I felt a little out of it, but now I felt like the world 
went on without me.  They had a relationship--well, an encounter--and it 
was nothing but a spanking!

At lunch, I ate with Brenda, Dana, Gretchen and Rich as usual and Dana 
happily talked away about the decision she was going to be making!  I felt 
funny again, hearing her talk like that in front of Rich even though we got 
along with him well.  He wasn't anyone's boyfriend--just a friend we ate 
with and hung out with sometimes.  Though sometimes I thought he'd ask 
me out if I gave him any encouragement.  He seemed to enjoy hearing 
Dana's ruminations though.  It seemed like they all knew about Brenda
too--both that she had allowed herself to be spanked and that she was bi.  
Yes, I felt like an innocent.

The girls asked Rich if the idea of spanking a girl turned him on.  He 
grudgingly admitted it.  They laughed at him.

That afternoon, Professor Gilman asked me to stop at her office!  I'd 
stared at her just a little in class, but had been generally careful not to 
act too strange.  But I wasn't sure I was up to an office visit.

I was so nervous walking in.  She was seated at her desk.  She asked me to 
close the door.

"Brenda tells me she told you about our... relationship," she said.

"Uh, yes she did."  I couldn't believe it.  Sitting here having this 
conversation.  How could Brenda do this?

"You understand that that was before the school year started."

She was looking at me, a concerned look on her face.  I guessed that she 
was nervous about this.  "Yes Ma'am."

"Good.  I just wanted you to understand that.  And it was just one time--
and it was just...I don't..."

"Yes Ma'am."

"Are you nervous?"

"I guess a little, maybe..."

She smiled at me.  "Don't be afraid."  She seemed to think a second, then 
said: "Listen: May 28 is the deadline for me to turn in the grades.  Are you 
going to be here this summer?"

"Yes Ma'am."

"I want to make an appointment to see you May 29."  I stared at her.  
"Come by the office at 9AM."

"Uh, yes Ma'am."

"Good," she said and smiled.  "Thanks for stopping by."

I was out.  It was like I could breath again--I wondered if I'd held my 
breath during the whole time I was in there.

I had to tell someone about it.  I told Brenda that night when we were 
studying in the library.  She laughed: "She wants to spank you!" she said.  I 
stared.  "Oh, she wants you *so* bad!" she said again and giggled some 
more.  "You're going to go through with it, aren't you?" she asked.

"She can't really mean..."

"Oh, you *are* innocent!  You'll go, won't you?"

"Aren't you jealous?"

"Oh, no!  I *told* you, that was just a one-time thing!  Listen, she's going 
to be thinking about *you* for *months*!  You'd better watch out or she'll 
come after you!"  Talking to her hadn't helped.  I was even more shaken up.  
We tried to study for a while.

"Listen," she finally spoke up again.  "Do you want to find out what it's 
like?"

"What?"

"What it is like to be spanked."

"Brenda!"

"By a guy!  Not *me* or anything."

"No!"

"Yes you do!  Let's call Rich."

"Brenda, you're kidding!"

"We can get together with him and he won't tell anyone.  And I think he 
*likes* you!"

"Stop kidding around!"

"No, really!  I'll go call him."  And she was off.  I stared after her.  She 
was back in a minute: "Come on," she said, pulling me up.

"Brenda, *I* can't go over there!"

"He's *expecting* us.  Get your stuff and come on!"  And I found myself 
following Brenda to Rich's dorm and right up to his room.  She knocked and 
he answered.  No roommate.

The next morning, Brenda saw me before class.  She asked immediately: 
"So--does your rear hurt?"

"No; he really didn't do either of us very hard."

"Well, we didn't spank *him* very hard either."

"Well, tonight will be *different*," I replied.
