                                AFTER SCHOOL

      When the bell finally sounded Susie Merton sighed with 
relief.  She liked school and she was a good student, but it had 
been a long afternoon.  Her pussy had started to itch during 
English, and she had been squirming about in her seat all through 
History.  She looked up at Mr. Thompson, her history teacher, 
always so proper and respectable in his blazer and flannels.  
Wednesday was the only day Susie had him for her last class, and 
it seemed to her that he always looked especially proper on those 
days.  Catching his eye turned in her direction she smiled, only to 
see him flush and turn quickly away.

      The other students filed out quickly.  Susie lingered and 
approached the teacher's desk as if to ask a question.

      "Mr. Thompson, I have this problem."

      "Yes, Miss Merton. What is it?"

      His reply was almost choked, for he knew what was coming.  
It was the same every Wednesday.  The young girl set her 
textbooks down on his desk and stood beside him, on the side 
opposite the classroom door.

      "It's this.  I just can't get it into my head,"  Susie said, her 
right hand reaching out boldly to squeeze the teacher's crotch.  
Fred Thompson gasped but did not move away.  She was happy to 
feel that his prick was already half-erect, and jerking under her 
hand.  The classroom was empty though the door was still open, 
but Mr. Thompson's back was turned towards the hallway and 
Susie was almost completely hidden from any passers-by.

      She had a firm grip on his swelling cock now, squeezing it 
warmly through his impeccable flannels.

      "It's just so hard to swallow something like this," she 
whispered, giving it an extra squeeze.  It was a lie.  In fact Susie 
loved to swallow her history teacher's cock, and had been 
enthusiastically doing so since the second week of school.  Mr. 
Thompson's prick seemed just made for sucking, unlike those of 
some of her other teachers.  It was not too big, but it had a large 
round knob on the end that fit right into Susie's mouth like a ripe, 
juicy plum.

      Deftly she worked his zipper down and slid her hand into his 
fly.  Mr. Thompson now wore boxer shorts, at least on 
Wednesdays, though he hadn't at first.  Susie remembered how 
much trouble she had had the first time she had tried to extricate 
his half-swollen cock from his pants.  But this time it popped out 
easily, as if eager for what was to come.  More eager than its 
owner it seemed.  Mr. Thompson gulped noisily.

      "Uh . . . Uh , the door, Miss Merton.  Shouldn't we . . . ? Susie 
usually gave him a chance to shut the door, but today she couldn't 
wait to taste his prick, and she liked the excitement of knowing 
that they might be discovered at any time.

      Greedily she spread her lips over the red knob of his now 
completely stiff cock, kissing it with familiar affection.  Then she 
began to lick at it avidly.  The teacher instinctively pushed 
forward with his hips and that big round morsel slipped easily 
between Susie's welcoming lips.  He gripped her head and began 
to push it in and out of her mouth, but timidly, with short hesitant 
strokes, while Susie sucked vigorously.

      Footsteps echoed in the hall.  Mr. Thompson froze, his cock 
planted deep in Susie's mouth.  

      "Please, Miss Merton . . . Susan!  Oh God!  Someone's 
coming.  Stop it, please.  We can't.  Not here."

      Frantically he tried to push the young schoolgirl away from 
his crotch, but Susie would have none of it.  She bit down with her 
teeth--not hard enough to hurt him but firmly enough to remind 
him that she could if she wanted.  With her teeth pressed firmly 
against the flesh of his trembling shaft, it was impossible for him 
to pull its swollen knob through them.  Susie was not going to 
give up her lollipop no matter who was coming.  

      The footsteps paused at the doorway.  A cheery female voice 
called out:

      "Good night, Fred.  Working late?"

It was Miss Renwick, the principal's secretary.  Susie knew that 
she was trying to seduce Mr. Thompson.  All the girls whispered 
about it in the washroom.

      Mr. Thompson turned his head, looking awkwardly over his 
shoulder.  His body was held in position by Susie's tenacious 
mouth on his cock.

      "Uh, oh, yes.  Miss . . . uh . . Renwick.  Some things I have to 
finish up."

      "You're too dedicated, Fred.  You should relax and have some 
fun sometime too."

      Susie began to move her head slightly, rubbing her tongue 
over the round head of Fred Thompson's cock, still careful not to 
let him pull out.  She was very excited. While she had often been 
watched while she sucked or fucked, this was different because it 
was secret.  She could just imagine the furor that would ensue if 
they were discovered.  Mr. Thompson must have been imagining 
the same thing, for his once-hard cock had begun to wilt in her 
mouth.  Susie was determined to remedy that situation and she 
went to work with her tongue.  Seeing that Fred Thompson, for 
some strange reason, was not even going to turn and look at her, 
Louise Renwick stomped off, peeved and puzzled.

      As soon as she had gone Susie began sucking in earnest on 
her teacher's cock.  He was so dazed and frightened by their close 
call that he hardly moved.  But Susie didn't mind that.  She was 
quite willing to do all the work when it came to sex, for it seemed 
to her impossible that the other person or persons could be 
experiencing even a tiny fraction of the indescribable pleasure she 
drew from her sexual acts.  She was even grateful that men like 
Mr. Thompson let her suck on their cocks almost whenever she 
wanted.  So, in taking her pleasure, she tried to give them as 
much in return as she could, even though she knew it could not 
possibly match hers.

      Her tongue and lips had done their work well and now the 
teacher's hips were again thrusting forward to meet her as she 
plunged her mouth down his throbbing shaft.  The huge knob 
pushed its way into her throat, stretching it even more than men 
with much larger cocks did.  Susie could hardly wait to feel the 
hot, sweet jets of his come spurting into her belly.

      "Ohhh! Miss . . Oh my God! Susan, Ooooh! this is madness!  
Anyone could come!"

      Especially us, thought Susie to herself as with a final burst of 
suction she brought her teacher to a tremendous climax.  He 
moaned and clutched her head, pulling her against him, finally 
giving way to his passion as his come poured into her mouth.  
Susie held his spurting cock prisoner within the velvet trap of her 
mouth and gulped down every drop of that wonderful liquid.  She 
continued sucking gently even after it was all gone, feeling his 
once proud prick shrink between her lips.  Finally she let the limp 
organ slip out of her mouth.  Mr. Thompson quickly stuffed it 
back into his pants.

      "Susan, this is mad!  Why are you tormenting me like this?  It 
can't go on this way.  Not here, in the school.  Why won't you 
come home with me instead.  Louise Renwick almost caught us 
there.  You should have at least waited for me to close the door.  It 
would have been the end.  My job.  My career."

      "Your cock!" Susie replied, laughing and licking her lips.  
"But I couldn't wait, Mr. Thompson.  Every Wednesday afternoon 
I get so horny thinking about your prick.  Then I just have to have 
it right away.  Besides, maybe Miss Renwick wouldn't have been 
as shocked as you think.  She might even have wanted to be in my 
place."

      But Fred Thompson wasn't listening.  The pressure in his 
balls was gone and all he wanted now was to get away from the 
school quickly before someone asked him what he was doing in an 
empty classroom after hours with a nubile young junior-high 
student.  He grabbed his books and rushed for the safety of the 
teachers' room, telling himself that he must put a stop to it, but 
knowing that he would be there again after school next 
Wednesday.  It was madness but he couldn't resist what little 
Susie and her talented mouth could do for him.

      Susie watched him hurry away, smiling with amusement.  It 
was always like this, but she didn't feel offended.  She had got 
what she wanted from him.  Her pussy still itched but she had the 
delicious taste of sperm in her mouth to savor until she could find 
someone to poke his prick between her legs.  That wouldn't take 
long, she knew; it never did.

      Licking her lips one last time, Susie gathered up her books 
and stepped out into the hallway, almost bumping into the janitor 
who was sweeping the floor with a push broom.  He was a small, 
elderly man, little more than half the height of the broom.  Vito 
Mascalla was his name.  He hardly spoke English, but three of his 
children were attending university.  He was a quiet little man, 
gray-haired and gentle, and Susie liked him very much.  She often 
stopped to chat with him about his family.  He frowned on seeing 
a student there so late; it usually meant some prank was going to 
be played.  But when he recognized Susie, his face brightened and 
he smiled like a delighted child.

      "Oh Miss Susie.  Hello.  You are good?"

      Very good! thought Susie, though some people might call it 
bad.

      "Hi, Mr. Mascalla.  How's everything?  Come stai?"

      "Bene, bene, grazie. I mean very good.  My son Rico, he just 
get marry."

      "I know.  You told me.  Last week, wasn't it?  Did he go away 
on a honeymoon?"

      "Away?  Yes, to Italy.  To my village.  But I got pictures of 
wedding.  You like to see, Miss Susie?"

      "I'd love to Mr. Mascalla."

      "They just downstairs.  You come.  I show."

      He set down his broom and headed towards the stairs.  Susie 
followed, a bit reluctantly.  She had hoped that he would have the 
pictures with him.  Now it would be a little longer before she 
could find someone to scratch the itch in her pussy.  But she was 
really pleased to see the little old man so happy and she wanted to 
share his joy with him.

      As she followed the janitor down the two flights of stairs to 
his corner in the boiler-room, Susie found herself suddenly 
thinking about Vito Mascalla in quite different terms than before.  
She thought of his three sons and four daughters; she remembered 
that his wife had died last year.  He had fathered at least seven 
children.  Now he was alone.  He had a cock.  Susie suddenly 
decided that she wanted it.  It surprised her that she hadn't 
thought of having him fuck her already.  There were very few men 
in the school that she had missed, but she was sure this oversight 
would soon be remedied.

      They finally arrived at the little corner the janitor had fitted up 
as an "office".  Innumerable pictures of his family filled the wall 
over the bare and rickety table that served as a desk.  Beside it was 
a heap of plastic garbage bags stuffed with some of the waste 
paper generated by a school.

      The janitor proudly pulled out a small photo album and 
handed it to Susie.   As she leafed through it, uttering the 
appropriate admiring comments, she noted that it was already 
well-thumbed.  Vito Mascalla beamed with pride and joy.

      "She is very beautiful, your son's wife.  He is very lucky.  And 
your son is very handsome too.  But you look best of all in your 
new suit, Mr. Mascalla."

      "Yes, it new.  Just for wedding.  How you know, Miss Susie?"

      "I can see that you weren't comfortable in it.  It was too tight 
here, wasn't it?"

      To the old man's shock and amazement, Susie--that sweet 
little girl--reached out and pressed her hand over his crotch.  He 
tried to jump back but he was caught in front of the desk and 
couldn't escape her determined hand.  She maintained the 
pressure, moving her fingers down until she cupped his balls.  He 
could hardly speak.

      "Miss Susie!  What you do?  No!  No!  Not nice.  Don't, 
please."

      "Oh, but it is nice, Mr. Mascalla.  Your prick.  I can feel that 
it's very nice.  You made all your children with it, and now your 
son is using his and putting it inside his wife to make 
grandchildren for you.  Wouldn't you like to put it in me, too, like 
you used to put it in your wife, like your son is doing right now 
with his new wife?  I'd like it very much, Mr. Mascalla.  Won't 
you do it just for me?"

      She was squeezing his cock now and rubbing her hands all 
over the bulge of flesh at his crotch.  The poor old man was 
frightened to death.  Susie released her hold on his prick and 
quickly pulled her T-shirt up over her head.  She wore no bra.  
Then she pushed her short skirt down and wriggled out of it, 
making her round, young titties bounce.  Only her tiny pink bikini 
panties remained.  In a few seconds they were on the floor on top 
of the skirt.  

      The janitor was incredulous.  Never would he have believed it.  
He didn't even believe it now; it couldn't be happening.  This must 
all be some strange joke or dream.  Such a beautiful and sweet 
little girl, naked in front of him.  And she had touched his cazzo, 
like a putana, a whore, but she wasn't one. She was the nicest 
person in the school.  His confused mind couldn't reconcile these 
two opposites.

      "Here, Mr. Mascalla, don't these feel nice.  They're only small 
now, but soon they'll be bigger and you can feel them then too.  
Your hands feel so good on me."

      She had taken his trembling hands and pressed them against 
her titties.  They were not at all small, and for a thirteen-year old 
girl they were remarkably full and fleshy.  His hands just lay 
there, unmoving, pressing against her erecting nipples.  Susie 
took advantage of the old man's shock to reach down and undo his 
belt with her skilled and practiced fingers.  Doing so pushed her 
titties harder against his palms.  She was pleased to feel some 
resistance.  He was pushing back, at least a little.

      In a few seconds the old man's trousers fell to the floor.  A 
moment later Susie was pushing his underwear down his thighs.  
His cock hung limply, still in shock, but the young girl was 
delighted to see it.  It was huge.  Almost as fat as his arm, maybe 
even thicker, even though it was still soft.  It looked so strange 
hanging from such a small man.

      "Oh, Mr. Mascalla!  It's lovely!  You have such a beautiful 
prick.  No wonder you have such fine children.  Oh, if only I'd 
known I would have done this long ago.  Why didn't you tell me?  
Oh, if only you knew how much I love cocks like yours!"

      She knelt quickly on the floor in front of the little man, took 
his cock in her hands, and planted a big smacking kiss right on its 
head.

      "Oh no!  Oh Miss Susie.  Don't, please!  No.  Not good.  Not 
right.  Is a sin."

      Never had anything like this ever happened to him.  It was 
unnatural, it was sick, the very idea of kissing a cazzo.  Only 
putanas did that.  He couldn't let this little girl do such an awful 
thing, even if it did send a surge of excitement through his frail 
body.  But Susie paid him no attention.  She wrapped her young 
lips around his swelling cock-head and, under her expert oral 
ministrations, his enormous organ slowly began to swell even 
larger.  She paused from time to time to whisper her admiration 
and to talk about the children he had made with it.  That seemed 
to stimulate something deep inside him, for she felt his cock jerk 
and throb each time she spoke, and it was always a little harder 
and a little bigger when she took it back in her mouth again.

      Susie couldn't wait any longer.  The itch in her pussy was 
turning into an unbearable ache.  She just had to have this 
wonderful prick inside her.  With her hands tightly locked around 
the shaft of the janitor's now almost gigantic cock, she pulled him 
with her as she moved backwards towards the piles of garbage 
bags.

      "Come here!  Please, Mr. Mascalla.  Put your big cock in me 
like you used to put it in your wife, like your son is doing to his 
wife now.  I want you to do it so much, Mr. Mascalla.  Please give 
me your cock."

      She fell back onto the mattress of garbage bags, pulling his 
frail body with her.  His pants were still around his ankles and he 
tripped and fell on top of her.  Susie groaned as his giant club 
slammed against her belly while his face landed on the tender 
mass of her titties.  She quickly reached down with one hand to 
position his great tool where it would do the most good for her, 
while her other arm wrapped around his neck, pressing his face 
into her breast.  When his cockhead was positioned at the mouth 
of her hungry pussy, it seemed to sink right in, slowly and 
naturally, with no effort on his part.  In a moment Susie felt it 
buried deep within her and she sighed in glorious contentment.  
She hadn't had a cock in her pussy since her Chemistry teacher 
had fucked her in the lab store-room at lunch time.  She lifted her 
legs and pulled the janitor's long cock even further into her, 
squeezing his throbbing shaft with her caressing cunt muscles.  
Then she whispered in his ear.

      "Love me now, Mr. Mascalla.  Love me with your prick.  Fuck 
me with your big cock!"

      Something inside the little man's mind snapped, some bond of 
restraint.  Suddenly he was once more the young peasant who had 
wooed and won the prettiest girl in his village.  With a groan of 
anguished pleasure he pulled back and began to drive his great 
pole into Susie's welcoming cunt, sinking right to the balls each 
time.  His energy and strength amazed the young girl, and she 
exploded into climax after climax as he pounded his prick into 
her.  He was muttering in Italian as his giant cock spoke to her 
happy pussy in the international language of fucking.

      Finally, with a strangled cry he slammed deep inside her and 
began to spurt great jets of come into her belly, deep, so deep that 
she thought it would mix with Mr. Thompson's juices still 
glowing warmly at the pit of her stomach.  Then the old man 
collapsed on top of her, panting and sobbing into her sweaty 
titties.  Susie held him gently until his breathing calmed, 
murmuring her appreciation in his ear.

      "Oh you wonderful man!  That was so nice!  Your cock filled 
me up so good.  Now that I know how good you are I just want to 
do it over and over again with you.  I hope you'll let me, Mr. 
Mascalla."

      The bewildered janitor could say nothing.  Susie gently rolled 
him off of her and, as she always did, bent to lick his shrinking 
cock, cleaning up their mingled juices and greedily sucking up the 
last few drops of gism that still oozed from its tip.

      "Miss Susie, I . . ."

      "No, don't say anything, Mr. Mascalla.  It was wonderful.  
You did me such a big favor.  I hope it was as nice for you."

      She rose to her feet, naked, free, and lovely in the dim light of 
the boiler-room.  The old man watched her in bewildered 
admiration as she dressed.

      As she started to pull on her panties, she had second thoughts.  
They would only get in the way, she said to herself.  For a long 
time her mother had been surprised at how quickly Susie's panties 
seemed to disappear from the lingerie drawer.  Whenever she 
could, Susie liked to go without them, and she didn't always 
remember to stuff them into her purse or pocket when she took 
them off.  And often she liked to leave them behind as souvenirs.  
This she did now, draping them over Mr. Mascalla's lovely prick 
before she kissed him good-bye and hurried away.  She would be 
back again soon to see this dear little old man with the big prick, 
but now she was looking for other adventures before she had to be 
home for supper.

      Susie reminded herself to stop at Pop MacIntosh's variety store 
before he closed.  Pop carried everything in his cluttered store, 
including some lingerie.  Susie had an agreement with him to 
supply her with panties whenever she needed them to appease her 
mother's curiosity.  Pop had even ordered in a whole gross of 
Susie's brand of panties especially for her, but they were fast 
disappearing.

      While a happy and satisfied Susie climbed the stairs from the 
cellar she heard voices in the hallway above.

      "Just look at that broom lying there, Thompson.  Marcella's 
gone off and just dropped everything.  I almost killed myself on 
the damn thing.  Have you seen him anywhere?"

      "The janitor?  No, I haven't.  He must be downstairs."

      "Well, I'm going to find him and give him a piece of my 
mind.  If this sort of thing happens again, I'll talk to the 
Superintendent and get rid of the little bastard.  You go along, 
Fred, I'm going down to the boiler-room to look for him.  Have a 
good night."

      "Good night, sir."

      Susie easily recognized the voices.  It was Mr. Thompson and 
Mr. Cummings, the vice-principal.  Susie was worried.  She 
certainly did not want Mr. Cummings to find the janitor half-
undressed in his corner, but above all she did not want anything 
bad to happen to him, especially after what he had just done for 
her.  Fortunately it was the vice-principal who had tripped over 
the broom.  She knew exactly how to handle him.

      The vice-principal started down the stairs with the abandoned 
broom in his hands.  He stopped when he caught sight of Susie.

      "Young lady, have you seen the janitor?"

      "No sir, Mr. Cummings."

      "Oh, it's you, Miss Merton.  I didn't recognize you."

      His voice took on a curious tone.  He looked back over his 
shoulder to see if Fred Thompson was still there.

      "Please, sir.  I need to see you.  It's important.  It's about last 
week."

      George Cummings gulped nervously.  He well remembered 
last week.  Ever since, he had been alternately kicking himself for 
having been so indiscreet, or relishing the memory of what had 
happened in his office.  Susie had come to see him for some 
reason he couldn't remember and somehow--he still wasn't sure 
exactly how it had happened--he had soon found himself with his 
cock inside the young girl, screwing her on his desk.  Though 
often tempted, it was the first time he had ever succumbed to the 
seductiveness of the nubile young flesh with which he was 
constantly surrounded.  

      But no one had ever been as nubile or seductive as Susie.  He 
had never seen anything like her combination of girlish innocence 
and searing eroticism.  Now he was really worried.  What did she 
have to say to him?  She couldn't be pregnant; it was much too 
early to know that.  Maybe she had told her parents.  Maybe she 
was going to demand money to keep quiet about it.  You never 
could tell with these little bitches.  But, oh it had been so sweet.  
His cock surged at the thought.  He stood still with countless 
nameless fears running through his head, and a current of sexual 
energy through his body.

      Susie continued up the stairs until she was standing just a few 
steps below him.  Her face was right at his crotch level.  For the 
third time in little more than half an hour she reached out and 
squeezed a man's prick through his pants.

      "I want it again, sir.  I want your cock in me again."

      Cummings felt a surge of lust shoot through him.  His cock 
stiffened and he breathed a sigh of heartfelt relief at discovering 
that she wasn't here to cry or complain or try to blackmail him, as 
had once happened with one of his colleagues.  At the same time 
he looked around nervously, afraid that someone might see or 
hear.  Susie squeezed again at the stiffening flesh in his pants, 
remembering how it had felt in her.  It was thin, but oh so long, 
and hard, just like a broom-handle.  She looked again at the 
broom he was holding, trying to imagine it inside her.  Cummings 
turned abruptly, still holding onto the broom.

      "Not here, you hot-assed little bitch.  Quick, in my office!"

Susie contentedly followed him down the hallway.  Everything 
had worked perfectly; Mr. Mascalla was safe for the time being 
and she was going to get fucked again.

      As soon as they were behind his office door, the vice-principal 
set the broom down and tried to embrace her.  Susie squirmed 
away.  She didn't even like the man--he was the school 
disciplinarian--so she was certainly not going to kiss him; but she 
did like his cock and would gladly kiss it.  Besides, she wanted to 
tease him a bit.

      "I want to see it again, Mr. Cummings.  I want to kiss it, too.  
Your cock.  Show me your cock, please, Mr. Cummings.  Hurry.  I 
can't wait."

"Don't worry, you little cunt.  You'll see it soon enough, and feel 
it, too.  So last week wasn't enough, eh?  You want more?"

      "I always want more, Mr. Cummings," said Susie sweetly and 
truthfully.

      Frantically Cummings began stripping off his clothes, slowing 
himself down in his haste, catching his shoes in his trouser legs.  
He was completely under her erotic spell again.  While she 
watched him struggle, Susie sat calmly in his chair, behind the 
desk where he had screwed her the week before.  She threw up her 
skirt and spread her legs, giving him a perfect view of her dewy 
pussy lips, still swollen from Mr. Mascalla's fucking.  The sight 
made it even more difficult for him.

      "Shit!  You're really going to get it, you little bitch!"

      Idly, almost casually, Susie reached out and grabbed the 
broom the vice-principal had leaned against the desk when they 
came in.  She swung it round, almost hitting him in the process, 
until it lay in front of her.  Then slowly, deliberately, she pulled 
the end of the handle to her gleaming slit, rubbing it up and down 
until it to shone with her juices, then pushing it inch by inch into 
her bottomless pussy.

      "Oh my!  Hurry up, please, Mr. Cummings.  I want your cock 
in me again, not this piece of wood.  I bet your cock is even harder 
than this.  I just know I'll love it."

      Cummings could not believe his eyes.  Not only was this 
fuckable thirteen-year old girl actually screwing herself with a 
broom handle right in front of him, but her tiny, fragile-looking 
pussy easily swallowed what seemed to him an incredible length 
of the hard polished wood.  It should be coming out of her head, 
he thought to himself as he finally stripped off his pants.

      Now he was naked from the waist down, his already stiff prick 
curving up from beneath his shirt-tails.  It was as long and thin as 
Susie had remembered, and the sight of her fucking her juicy 
pussy with the broom handle had brought him to a state of 
excitement he hadn't known for years.

      "Come here, Sir.  Let me taste it."

      "Damn right, you'll taste it, little bitch.  here!  Suck it!  Suck 
my cock!"

      Eagerly he stepped in front of her, awkwardly avoiding the 
shuttling broom.  When he saw that she wasn't going to stop 
fucking herself with it, he stepped over the broom handle, 
straddling it so he could get closer to her.  Both of Susie's hands 
were occupied with that hard pole, so she just smiled and pursed 
her lips.  He grabbed her by the hair and pulled her head forward, 
pushing his cock towards her mouth. Susie eagerly opened her 
lips to suck it in, licking and caressing it with her tongue until she 
was sure it was as hard as could be, almost as hard as the broom 
handle.  Then she let go of the broom and reached up to grab at 
the vice-principal's hips and pull his prick even further into her 
throat.  The broom-stick hung there between her thighs, still 
caught up in her tight cunt, until the forces of gravity and her 
clenching muscles pushed it out of her and it clattered to the floor.  
As it fell Susie suddenly pulled back her head from his engorged 
prong.

      "Now I want to you fuck me with it, Mr. Cummings.  Fuck my 
behind.  Push it into me hard, real hard."

      "O.K. You asked for it, bitch.  Get your ass up there where I 
can get at it."

      Susie quickly got to her feet and leaned over the edge of the 
big desk, poking her adorable behind right at the wildly aroused 
vice-principal.  In a moment he was doing just what she asked for, 
sinking his long pole deep into her pussy, still slippery and 
quivering from the effects of the broom and the copious juices the 
little janitor had deposited there.  But it was not exactly what she 
wanted.

      "No.  Not there, Mr. Cummings.  The other place.  I want to 
feel your prick in my behind.  Fuck me in the bum, please!"

      "Fuck!" cried Mr. Cummings, looking down at his cock buried 
to the balls in her cunt, and the tiny opening of her asshole just 
above it.  He didn't believe it.  This little cunt wanted him to screw 
her in the ass.  He had never done such a thing, though he had 
often imagined it as he watched the young students in their tight 
jeans; and he had once tried it with his wife but it had hurt both of 
them too much.  But Susie!  Susie's delicious ass!  The very idea 
made his cock jump deep inside her cunt.  It would tear her apart.  
Feeling his cock throb with renewed excitement Susie began to 
fear that he might come in her pussy before she got what she 
wanted.

      "Quick!  Hurry, please, Sir!  In my ass, fuck my ass!"

      "Damn fucking right, I'll fuck your ass, you little cock-teaser.  
And you won't be able to sit down for a month!"

      The vice-principal pulled back.  His long cock seemed to take 
forever to slide out of her clutching pussy lips.  It took a real effort 
of will on his part to pull it that last couple of inches so that it 
popped out into the air again.  Even Susie moaned in involuntary 
distress.  But her moans turned to sighs of contentment as she felt 
him awkwardly placing the head of his cock at the wrinkled 
brown entrance to her intestines.  He couldn't believe it would go 
in there, it seemed so tiny and tight, but something was driving 
him to try.

      "Oh my yes!  That's it, sir!  Now push it in me.  Hard!"
      
      "Fuck!" he cried as he shoved forward brutally, not caring 
what he did to the little girl.  He was too far gone with lust to 
consider the consequences.  His cock-head pressed painfully 
against her tight little opening, sliding away along the sweaty 
crack.  "How do you like that, you little bitch?"

      "Oh yes Sir!  I like it!  I love it like that!  Push hard, Sir.  
Push your cock into my ass!  Hurry!"

      Something inside him wanted to punish this little girl for 
putting him in this position.  Something else in him just wanted to 
bury his cock as far into her ass as it would go.  He held his shaft 
in position and shoved forward, feeling the knob of his cock 
flatten painfully against the tiny opening.  But Susie squirmed her 
ass and pushed back at the same time with such force that before 
he quite knew what had happened, his long cock was sunk half-
way into her ass and he could feel the tight hot sheath squeezing 
down on him.  

      He was overcome with erotic fury.  Closing his eyes he pulled 
back and plunged in again, grabbing her hips to help him thrust.  
In a few seconds he was completely buried in her, the firm round 
cheeks of her ass pressed against his belly.  Frantically he pulled 
his shirt aside so he could feel her flesh on his.  Then he began 
sawing in and out of her with great, driving strokes, overwhelmed 
by the tightness and the heat and the strength with which Susie 
clamped her ass muscles down on him, but even more so by the 
very idea of what he was doing.

   Susie squirmed back in ecstasy, loving the feeling of that long 
rod slicing into her, clenching and squeezing her ass muscles, 
gasping in delight as he drove into her over and over again.  It 
was so good.  It was always so good when she had a cock in her, 
no matter where.  She came with a series of small explosions that 
made her asshole clutch convulsively at the cock that filled it.  
Cummings was so incredibly excited, and Susie's ass was much 
too tight, for him to last long, and in less than two minutes he 
collapsed panting onto her back.  His weight pressed her titties 
cruelly against his desk as his cock throbbed and squirted its load 
deep into her bowels.  Susie moaned and came again as she felt 
him shoot, then she gently squeezed his shrinking cock in 
gratitude.

      When he finally recovered and pulled away, Cummings 
looked down at the fragile body still spread over his desk, at the 
round swell of her girlish ass, at his own stained and streaked 
cock.  He couldn't believe it; it couldn't have happened.  But he 
was even more shocked and incredulous when the young girl 
turned around and smiled happily up at him, reaching out for his 
now limp prick.  Then she fell to her knees in front of him and 
kissed the head of his cock.

      "Now I want to taste it, Mr. Cummings.  That was so good.  
Your cock fit so nice in my behind.  But it got all dirty there, so 
I'm going to clean it off."

      "Shit, girl!  You can't!  What the fuck?  It's . . . that's filthy!"

      "I know.  That's why I like it so much!"

      And she bent happily to her work.  Despite his revulsion at the 
thought, he could not resist.  Susie licked avidly at his cock, 
searching out every speck of flavor, taking it inside her warm 
mouth again and washing it with her tongue.  And while she 
sucked and licked she spoke to him, and in those few minutes she 
made him realize that she would love to let him drive his long 
prick into her asshole, cunt, or mouth again, but that Mr. 
Mascalla was her very dear friend, and if he lost his job she would 
be so sad that she might not want to fuck the vice-principal again, 
ever.

      A shaken Mr. Cummings slowly pulled on his trousers again 
as Susie bounced out of his office, her bare ass flashing under her 
short skirt.  Susie continued on out of the school.  Temporarily, at 
least, her itches had been scratched.  Besides, she was sure that 
there was no one else left in the building.  It had been a nice end 
to her school day.  Now she had to stop by Pop's to pick up a spare 
pair of panties to replace the ones she had left in the boiler-room.  
Not that she would put them on, though; it was still a long walk 
home, and who knew how many nice cocks she might run into--or 
have run into her--on the way.




                           Chapter 2 


      Humming happily to herself, Susie pushed open the door of 
MacIntosh's Gift and Variety.  A little bell rang out, and three 
men gathered near the counter looked up to see who had come in.  
One of them, of course, was Pop MacIntosh; the other two Susie 
had never seen before.  One of the strangers was talking loudly 
when Susie entered, waving a large cigar in the air; he was a big, 
barrel-chested man in a plaid suit almost as loud as his voice.  The 
other was smaller and quieter, balding and bespectacled.  The big 
man had evidently just told a dirty joke, for he and Pops burst into 
laughter while the little man grinned sheepishly.  They grew 
suddenly silent when they saw Susie in the doorway. 

      "Hi, Pops!  How's business?" 

      "Susie!  What a sight for sore eyes.  I was hoping you'd drop 
in today.  I've been telling these gentlemen about you, and they're 
very anxious to meet you." 

      Susie's pussy twitched delightedly at Pop's words. She knew 
what "meet" meant in this case, and she was always happy to 
"meet" new men.  Thanks to Pop she had met a lot of men lately. 

      "Christ, MacIntosh!  Is that her?  But she's jail-bait.  Just a 
kid," the big man whispered to Pop, but Susie overheard and 
smiled. 

      "Don't worry, gents," Pop whispered back, winking at Susie.  
""She may be little but she's got more than enough for both of you.  
But you're free to leave if you want." 

      "Oh no!" exclaimed the smaller one.  "We'll stay.  We'll stay." 

      The variety store business was not a good one, and Pops had 
been sinking further and further into debt until he met Susie 
earlier that year.  One day she had gone in for some candy and 
found him looking so sad that she had sat under his counter and 
sucked his cock to cheer him up.  She liked come much better 
than candy anyway.  After that she began dropping in regularly to 
suck him off or to ask him to fuck her in his back room.  That was 
when he had begun supplying her with replacement panties; he 
had actually offered her anything in the store, but she knew he 
was having financial problems and refused to take anything 
except the pleasure of having his cock in her. 

      Once she had come in and found him in the middle of a 
terrible argument with a strange, hard-looking man who was 
insisting that Pop pay his debts--or else.  Susie had quickly 
maneuvered the man into the back room and just as quickly 
maneuvered his cock into her.  She still remembered how cruelly 
and brutally he had fucked her; she was disappointed that he had 
never come back.  But after that day there were many others.  
Soon she was regularly satisfying Pop's creditors--and herself--in 
his back room several times a week.  Susie was sure that by now 
Pop didn't owe anybody anything, she had taken on so many cocks 
in that dusty store-room, many of them over and over again.  She 
suspected that now he was simply finding men who would pay 
him to "meet" her.  She didn't mind at all; in fact, Susie couldn't 
think of a nicer arrangement.  That way everybody benefited, 
especially her. 

      Today, as she felt the eyes of the three men on her, she knew 
she was in for an interesting time in the back room.  She smiled 
her thanks to Pop; he tried to smile back but he had no teeth so his 
smile always looked like a grimace.  He was a chubby, rotund 
man, in his late fifties, and completely bald.  But he had a nice 
cock.  She hoped the others did too. 

      "This is Mr. Harrison and Mr. Messner, Susie.  They're 
salesmen.  Mr. Harrison is in tobacco--cigars, cigarettes--and Mr. 
Messner's line is candy.  And this is Susie, gentlemen." 

      "Pleased to meet you, sir, and you too, sir." 

      "Now, what can I do for you, young lady?" asked Pop with a 
twinkle in his eye.  "If it's cigars or lollipops you want, you've 
come at the right time." 

      They all laughed, but Susie noted that the two strangers were 
a little uneasy.  Now that they had finally met the girl Pop had 
been telling them about, they couldn't quite believe it.  She 
certainly didn't seem the type, yet there was something about her 
that set their cocks twitching in their pants.  Susie looked 
pointedly at their crotches and smiled. 

      "Gee, I really like lollipops, but I've never tried a cigar." 

      "Maybe you should, eh, Susie girl," said Mr. Harrison, the big 
one.  "Nothing like a good big cigar to set the juices flowing, eh 
Pop?"  He laughed again, his eyes glued so tightly to Susie's titties 
that he didn't see her lick her lips in anticipation. 

      "Lollipops are good, too.  Don't forget that candy is dandy." 
said the candy salesman. 

      "Well, I hope Mr. Messner will let me taste his lollipop--I bet 
it's a really nice one--and I'd be happy to try your cigar, too, Mr. 
Harrison, but please don't tell anyone.  I'm not old enough to 
smoke."  Even though she rather liked this kind of teasing 
conversation, Susie decided to hurry things along.  "But actually, 
what I came in for was . . . well, it's embarrassing.  I seem to have 
lost my panties again, Pop, and I need a new pair before I go 
home." 

      The two salesmen didn't quite know how to react to this 
unexpected declaration, but Pop knew how to play the game. 

      "Lost your panties again, Susie?  That's the second time this 
week and its only Wednesday.  Very careless of you.  But how do I 
know you're telling the truth?  I think you'd better show us." 

      Susie immediately pulled her skirt up above her waist and 
spun around in front of the three men.  They watched wide-eyed 
as her delightfully round ass and tender, beckoning pussy flashed 
by in front of them. 

      "Golly!  She's naked!" gasped Mr. Messner, taking off his 
glasses.  Harrison just stared. 

      "Well, you certainly have lost them--or given them away," 
said Pop.  At least it looks that way." 

      "Oh yes, Pop.  They're really gone.  But you don't have to 
believe me, these men will tell you, won't you?  Put your hands 
down here and tell Pop if I'm naked or not, please, sirs." 

      With those words, Susie reached out and took one hand of 
each salesman.  Mr. Messner was short enough that she could 
press his hand right against her pussy.  She tugged impatiently on 
an astonished Harrison's arm until he bent down and she could 
press his fingers against her ass cheek.  The small lollipop 
salesman, immediately began moving his fingers through her 
silken pussy hair.  He had never felt anything like it.  But 
Harrison just let his hand rest on her ass cheek as if paralyzed. 
Then he swore and set his cigar down on the counter, before 
moving his other hand to Susie's other ass cheek. 

      "Yes, she is.  She's naked.  Oh my goodness, she's naked, 
MacIntosh" stammered Mr. Messner.  Harrison said nothing at 
first.  He simply squeezed Susie's ass in disbelief, then he burst 
out with: 

      Christ!  She is naked!  I don't believe it!" 

      "See?  I told you.  No panties," laughed Susie, suddenly 
spinning away from the two men. 

      "Well, I think I just might have some panties in the back that 
will fit you, but we'll have to try them on first." 

      "O.K. Pop.  But if they don't fit, maybe Mr. Harrison and Mr. 
Messner could just put their hands back there again.  They felt so 
nice and warm."  She suddenly burst into an uncontrollable fit of 
giggles.  "Boy, but we'd sure look funny walking down the street." 

      "I don't know about that, Susie, but I bet the guys would like 
it.  Lets get into the back-room and try something on." 

      "Christ yeah!  Lead the way, MacIntosh!  Come on, Messner!  
Don't just stand there looking stupid.  This is prime pussy!" 

      Pop led the way to his cluttered store-room, Susie followed 
him while the other two men followed her, trying to get their 
hands back onto her naked ass.  She slowed to make it easier for 
them. 

      "Oh, that's so nice.  But I guess I'll have to get all undressed if 
I'm going to try the panties on, won't I Pop?" 

      "Yes, indeed, Susie.  How else could we see if they fit?  But 
these two gentlemen will help you, won't you boys?  Help Susie 
get undressed?" 

      Suddenly Mr. Messner--Susie had begun to think of the two 
salesmen as the cigar man and the lollipop man--grabbed at the 
hem of her skirt and tried to pull it down. 

      "Oh, golly yes!  Here, let me help!" 

      "You have to undo the zipper first, Mr. Messner.  Mr. 
Harrison, could you help me with my T-shirt please?" 

      While the lollipop man awkwardly tried to tug her skirt down 
over her hips, the cigar man let go of her ass and started to pull up 
her T-shirt.  Susie held her hands in the air, but Harrison stopped 
pulling as soon as her T-shirt was covering her face.  He was so 
fascinated by her young, but full-fleshed titties and their quivering 
nipples that he couldn't resist touching them, palming them.  
Meanwhile Messner had finally got her skirt down around her 
ankles and he was kneeling in front of her stroking her sparse but 
silken pussy hair.  Susie sighed happily, thrust her breasts out 
against the cigar man's rough fingers, and began to jerk her hips 
in response to the lollipop man's caresses.  Pop was opening a 
package, and suddenly spoke up. 

      "Here we are.  These should fit.  We'll just slip them on as 
soon as you finish undressing her." 

      Harrison quickly let go of Susie's titties and finished pulling 
the T-shirt over her head, wanting to get his hands back on to her 
as soon as possible. 

      "Christ, MacIntosh!  Hurry it up.  This is getting interesting.  
God!  What a pair of tits for a kid!" 

      But Pop MacIntosh was in no hurry; he knew how it all would 
end and he enjoyed watching these men's discomfort.  He held up 
a tiny pair of pink bikini panties, just a fragile wisp of cloth.  In 
fact they were identical to the ones Susie had left with Mr. 
Mascalla because they had come out of the same box just the day 
before.  While the two salesmen watched impatiently Pop helped 
Susie step into them and pulled them up for her, letting his stubby 
hands slide appreciatively over her body as he did so.  

      Susie's experienced eye could see movement beneath all the 
men's slacks.  It was a good thing her inner itches had been so 
well scratched before she left school or she would have quickly 
lost patience with this game.  But she knew that Pop enjoyed it, 
and she knew that she would not have long to wait before the 
game turned serious--and she was sure she would be the winner.  
So she relaxed and enjoyed the rough and awkward but familiar 
caresses Pop bestowed on her. 

      The panties stretched and moulded themselves to her delicious 
roundness.  The material cupped the slight swell of her  Venus 
mound so closely that the quivering pussy lips could be clearly 
seen beneath the almost transparent cloth; it stretched over the 
curves of her ass like a second skin.  As she turned in front of the 
admiring and lusting men, the bell over the front door tinkled its 
unwelcome message.  Pop had to go to look after his customer, 
leaving Susie alone with the two very horny salesmen who were 
having a very hard time keeping their hands to themselves after 
the liberties they had been allowed earlier. 

      "I don't think that these will do.  They're much too big." 

      "Too big?" the lollipop man asked incredulously, his eyes 
almost bulging out of his head. 

      "Yes, much too big.  Why I bet you could get your hand right 
inside here at the front."  She guided his trembling hand into 
position right over her pussy.  "There!  Didn't I tell you?  You can 
even move your fingers around.  And you, Mr. Harrison, I bet you 
could get your hands inside, too, here at the back.  See!  You can 
move it around too.  Ohhh yes!  Move them like that!  It's so 
nice." 

      Susie was right.  It was entirely possible for both men to get 
their hands in her pants.  They were pressed close against her.  
Once she had pushed their hands under the waistband of her 
panties they were ready to take it from there. 

      "Oh my goodness," cried Mr. Messner as his fingers slipped 
between her pussy lips and were almost sucked into her cunt.  "My 
God!  What an ass!" grunted Mr. Harrison as he probed at her ass 
crack.  The material of the panties stretched incredibly but it did 
not break; that was why Susie liked them so much.  The lollipop 
man suddenly bent down and took one of her hard little nipples in 
his mouth as his finger moved in her pussy; the cigar man's hand 
soon grabbed hold of the other breast and squeezed it.  Susie 
sighed in delight, but it was not nearly enough for her. 

      "Oh yes, oh my yes!  Oh thank you for helping me with my 
panties.  But they won't do will they.  I'll have to too.  Ohhh yes!  
Move them like that!  It's so nice." 

      "Yes!  Take them off.  I'll do it!" cried Mr. Messner, pushing 
at the offending piece of cloth. 

      She stepped out of the panties but the men's hands remained 
on her.  Mr. Messner's fingers were now digging furiously into 
her cunt while Mr. Harrison was beginning to probe at her tiny 
asshole.  Susie reached out to either side of her, found the male 
organs she was searching for, and squeezed. 

      "Oh my!  Is this your cigar, Mr. Harrison?  And I bet this is 
yur lollipop, Mr. Messner.  I just love to suck on lollipops.  I'm 
sort of an all-day sucker. And who knows? maybe I'll like the feel 
of a cigar in my mouth too.  Oh, your hands feel so good.  Go 
ahead, Mr. Harrison, you can push your fingers in there.  I like 
things stuck in my behind." 

      Susie had decided not to waste any more time.  She played 
these little games largely for Pop MacIntosh's sake and he wasn't 
here now.  Quickly her practiced hands lowered the men's zippers 
and managed to extricate their half-hard cocks. 

      "Oh, how lovely!  What a big cigar!  And what a delicious 
looking lollipop!  I just have to taste it!" 

      She bent at the waist and began to suck on Mr. Messner's 
juicy lollipop.  It really was delicious, hard and firm in her mouth.  
While she sucked she wiggled her dimpled ass in Mr. Harrison's 
face.  It did not take him long to get her message.  He rubbed his 
rapidly swelling cock through her dripping ass-crack, then with 
one vigorous push he planted his big cigar deep in her pussy.  

      Both men had lost all inhibitions now.  Mr. Messner was 
driving his rigid lollipop right into her throat, holding her by the 
head as he furiously fucked her face; behind her, Mr. Harrison 
was frantically plunging his big cigar in and out of her devouring 
cunt.  Susie's tiny body was buffeted between the two men.  Mr. 
Harrison grabbed hold of her hips and pulled her against him as 
he drove into her.  Her feet were completely off the floor now; she 
was supported only by the iron-hard cocks buried deep in her 
mouth and cunt.  When they plunged into her together, she 
thought she could feel their cock-heads collide somewhere deep 
inside her, and their collision set off incredible explosions in her 
body. It was wonderful.  She closed her eyes and clutched at Mr. 
Messner's hips, trying to slide his cock even deeper into her 
throat.  The sensations continued to mount with every thrust, and 
the explosions they set off in her grew sharper and bigger every 
second. 

      The big cigar in her cunt exploded first, flooding her with its 
juices.  As his cock softened and threatened to slip out of her 
pussy, Mr. Harrison lowered her gently to her knees.  She did not 
let go of Mr. Messner's hips, holding his lollipop between her lips 
and relishing the way it thrust incessantly into her throat.  The 
zipper of his fly dug into her cheek as she strained to swallow the 
entire length of his cock into her tightly constricted throat, but the 
little bit of pain only added to her pleasure.  Finally he too could 
hold out no longer  and Susie found herself eagerly swallowing 
gob after gob of sweet lollipop juice. 

      When she had drained every drop from Mr. Messner's 
lollipop, Susie, as usual, turned to Mr. Reynold's limp cigar and 
took it into her mouth to lick clean of their mingled juices.  She 
was still cradling it lovingly between her lips when Pop came 
hurrying back. 

      "You've started without me!  That's not fair!  But isn't Susie a 
lovely little girl?" 

      "Christ!  What a cunt!  And what a mouth!" grunted Mr. 
Harrison as Susie finished licking up the drops of come that clung 
to the hairs of his balls.  "Oh my goodness!  I've never felt 
anything like it," said Mr. Messner,, watching in hypnotic 
fascination as the mouth that had just sucked him off worked over 
his colleague's limp prick.  At last Susie let go of the salesman's 
cigar and looked over impatiently at Pop.  

      "I just couldn't wait, Pop.  I didn't mean to forget you.  How 
could I?  Hurry and get undressed and let's do it like we did on 
Monday.  I ate Mr. Messner's lollipop and had Mr. Harrison's 
cigar in me.  Now I want Pop's popsicle!" 

      Even as she spoke the old store-keeper was quickly undressing 
until all he wore was an old and yellowed undershirt that barely 
covered his protruding belly, and certainly didn't conceal his 
protruding cock, a surprisingly sturdy tool. 

      Pop MacIntosh and Susie worked together like a well-
practiced team--which they were.  Pop hurriedly pulled out an old 
blanket and sat on the floor.  Susie crouched between his legs and 
licked lovingly at his cock until it was hard and erect.  Then Pop 
lay back on the blanket while Susie clambered over his body, set 
his cock at the entrance to her pussy, and slowly sank down onto 
it until her ass was pressed tightly against his belly.  Then she 
began to bounce.  Up and down.  In and out.  Faster and faster she 
moved on the shop-keeper's throbbing pole.  Her eyes were closed 
and her mouth hung open, releasing strange whimpers of pleasure 
as orgasm overtook her. 

      But Pop's cock stayed hard in her cunt and Susie did not stop 
moving.  The sensations in her belly built quickly to new peaks as 
she slid up and down, screwing her ass around the pole she so 
happily impaled herself on.  She was beginning a climb to a 
gigantic climax when she turned to the two watching salesmen 
and called to them to come closer.  Without breaking her rhythm 
she reached out and grasped their reawakening cocks.  The two 
men stood, one on each side of Pop's head, their cocks pointing 
straight towards Susie.  Moaning in pleasure, she pulled them 
even closer and bent her head forward until her lips were able to 
close around the head of the Mr. Messner's juicy lollipop.  She 
sucked avidly for a few seconds, then let go and stuffed Mr. 
Harrison's big cigar into her mouth. 

      Up and down she bounced on Pop's cock, clutching at first one 
salesman's balls, then the other's, as she sucked on their cocks.  
But her excitement and passion only went up.  With Pop's fat pole 
stuffed into her cunt and two juicy pricks for her mouth to feast 
upon, Susie was in heaven. Hungry for all the cock she could 
swallow she tried to pull both salesmen's pricks into her mouth at 
the same time.  Four hands tangled in her hair and pulled her 
head forward as her lips stretched wider than ever before.  Then 
they were in her. 

      "Christ!" groaned Mr. Harrison;  "Golly!" exclaimed Mr. 
Messner.  They each tried to push their cocks deeper into her 
mouth but there simply wasn't room.  For Susie the sensation was 
so intense, the feeling of being completely stuffed with cock so 
strong that her quivering body went over the edge again, and this 
time her convulsing cunt took Pop with her.  He cried out and 
clutched at her hips as his prick began to spurt deep within her 
belly.  Susie had to let the two salesmen's cocks pop free from her 
mouth.  They were swelling too quickly.  She collapsed onto Pop's 
chest, panting and whimpering as the convulsions of her orgasm 
shook her slender body.  When she had stopped trembling she 
began to whisper her gratitude to the old man, nuzzling at his 
grizzled chest hair while he stroked her head.  The two salesmen 
stood there, their cocks sticking out grotesquely in front of them, 
watching the old man and the young girl, desperately wanting to 
plunge their cocks back into her. 

      After a few seconds Susie lifted her head.  The two men were 
now both fiercely erect.  Susie's eyes glowed with anticipation as 
she looked at the hard flesh poking out from their pants. 

      "Oh goodie!  My lollipop and my cigar are back.  I want you 
both again.  But you have too many clothes on." 

      She gently disengaged herself from Pop, bending to plant a 
big kiss on the end of his cock, licking up the come that still 
dribbled from it.  The two men hurriedly stripped off their clothes 
and pressed close to Susie, reaching out to touch and squeeze her 
flesh.  Susie grabbed Mr. Messner's lollipop and pulled him to the 
blanket where Pop was sitting watching.  Then she pushed him 
down so that he was facing Pop and made him lie back on the 
floor.  Before he quite realized what was happening she was 
straddling the candy salesman, her back to his head, letting her 
pussy sink down onto his hard cock, just as she had on Pop's only 
moments before. 

      "Oh my, yes!  I just love your lollipop in my honeypot!  Now 
all I need is your big cigar, Mr. Harrison." 

      Harrison tried to push his way in front of her so she could 
suck his cock but Pop was sitting there, smiling like an inscrutable 
Buddha and he wouldn't move.  The salesman was going to push 
the old man out of the way when Susie asked him to wait.  Then 
she bent forward, still firmly planted on Mr. Messner's spike, so 
that her face fell towards Pop's lap.  The old man grasped her 
head and pulled it against his limp and sticky prick.  Susie 
sensuously rubbed her cheek over his cock and balls, purring 
almost like a kitten.  Messner began trying to move his cock in 
her tightly clasping  cunt. 

      "Your cigar now, please!  Let me have your cigar.  Put it in 
me.  In my bum!" 

      Pop lay back and Susie pressed her face against his crotch.  
Her ass was in the air and the tobacco salesman could see her cunt 
lips stretched tightly around the other salesman's cock.  Above it 
was the tiny winking eye of her asshole.  He couldn't believe that 
she meant him to fuck her there but there was nowhere else and 
his hard cock was demanding satisfaction. 

      Susie had opened her mouth and swallowed almost all of Pop's 
limp and resting cock.  The old man clutched her head.  Her ass 
moved, spiraling round on the hard shaft that filled her cunt.  It 
was driving Harrison frantic as he stared at her tiny asshole.  His 
cock leaped at the thought of penetrating it, but surely it was 
impossible.  Impatiently Susie lifted her head from Pop's tasty 
prick and cried out, almost moaning in passion. 

      "Please, put it in me, Mr. Harrison.  In my ass.  Fuck me in 
the ass with your big cigar." 

      She began nursing on the old man's cock again, trying to hold 
her ass still, but the twitching lollipop in her pussy made her want 
to move, to screw herself furiously on it.  She moaned in pleasure 
around Pop's cock when she felt Harrison's rough hands clutching 
at her ass.  It was all too much for him to take.  If she wanted to 
be fucked in the ass, he was going to do it, no matter what it did to 
her.  Stepping over his colleague's prostrate body, he dug his 
fingers into her ass cheeks and held her still as he shoved his hard 
and demanding prick into her ass crack.  Muttering and cursing 
he poked at her asshole, feeling himself slide away each time until 
finally he hit the tiny opening and the head of his cock popped 
magically inside the tight anal ring.  He almost roared with 
passion as Susie's clamped down on him.  She, too, cried out in 
pleasure but Pop's cock was already swelling again in her throat 
and only a muffled groan emerged. 

      Blind with lust, the cigar man clutched painfully at Susie's ass 
and began to push his cock into her bowels.  He couldn't believe 
that he was inside her, yet he could feel his cock sink further and 
further into her ass on each thrust.  He could feel the pressure of 
the cock in her cunt, and Susie could feel both hard muscles 
throbbing inside her, sending delicious sensations of fullness 
through her. 

      "All the way!  Push it in me all the way.  I want all your 
cocks.  Oh I can feel you both!  Isn't it wonderful.  You're both so 
deep in me" 

      At last Harrison had sunk the full length of his big cigar into 
her ass.  The two men filled her lower passages with their 
engorged flesh.  Susie began to move, writhing and twisting her 
ass, feeling the hard cocks move inside her, rubbing against each 
other.  The two men had to move too.  Beneath her, Mr. Messner 
strained to lift his hips and push his cock deeper into her pussy; 
behind her, Mr. Harrison could plunge easily into her ass.  And in 
front of her she had Pop's delicious meat to suck on.  Susie felt as 
if she were in heaven.  Every motion of their hard cocks sent 
waves of pleasure through her, and they kept moving.  All three 
men had just come in her moments before, so despite Susie's 
erotic charms it was a long time before they were ready to render 
up another liquid homage to her. 

      She came again and again.  She was stuffed to bursting with 
hard cock.  It was wonderful.  It should never stop.  By now, Pop's 
cock was hard in her mouth as well, pushing its way into her 
throat.  After one immensely satisfying orgasm that shook her 
whole body, Susie suddenly stopped moving.  Mr. Harrison 
continued plowing his fat cigar into her asshole, but with a neat 
flip of her hips, Susie dislodged him and quickly pulled her cunt 
off of Mr. Messner's solid spike.  Both men burst into complaint 
and grabbed at her, their red and raging cocks bobbing in the air.  
Susie felt incredibly empty, but she wanted a change.  And 
besides, the men were getting too close to coming and she didn't 
want to finish yet.  They needed a change of pace. 

      "Wait, please.  Just a minute.  I want to do it another way. 
Please." 

      Harrison just grunted impatiently and tried to grab her ass 
again; he wanted back in that tight, hot hole.  Messner lay there 
looking bewildered, his long red cock waving in the air.  But Pop 
just smiled a big happy grin and  lay back watching, knowing 
Susie would look after them all.  She turned her back on him and 
squatted over his prick. 

      "Your cock, Pop!  Put it in my asshole, please." 

      Pop took his rigid organ between two fingers and pointed it 
directly at Susie's recently vacated asshole.  She felt it press 
against her and bent her knees, sitting down on it.  The two 
salesmen watched in fascination as that tiny opening easily 
swallowed up the fat head of the old man's cock.  Susie sighed 
with contentment and relaxed her knees, letting all her weight rest 
on Pop's hard spike, moaning as she felt it sink deep into her ass.  
Then she lay back on the old man's flabby chest.  He reached 
around and seized her titties to hold her in place.  Her cunt was 
now exposed. 

      "Now your lollipop, Mr. Messner.  Fuck me with your 
lollipop.  Fuck me hard!" 

      Messner quickly scrambled to his feet and knelt in front of her 
so he could plunge his eager cock back into that incredible pussy.  
This time he was on top and could move freely.  He drove into her 
wildly and enthusiastically while Susie encouraged him with cries 
of passion.  But Harrison couldn't stand being left out.  He roared 
his disapproval and tried to pull the smaller man off of Susie's 
body until she stopped him by gasping out: 

      "Oh no, Mr. Harrison.  I want you too, I want your big cigar 
in my mouth.  I want you to fuck my face with it.  Come here, 
please." 

      Harrison let go of the lollipop man who continued banging 
away frantically at Susie's pussy.  He looked down at his prick, 
remembering that it had just come out of her asshole.  But she 
cried out again and urged him to hurry.  Her head hung back over 
Pop's shoulder, so he knelt behind her, trying to get into position 
to feed her his cock.  

Susie reached back blindly and caught it in her hand, pulling him 
right into her mouth and beginning to suck, savoring the strong 
taste and pungent odor her asshole had left on him. He clutched at 
her head and began pushing his cigar in and out of her clasping 
lips. With her head bent back, he had clear access to her throat 
and soon his fat cock was pushing right into that narrow tunnel.  
He gasped in pleasure as he felt it squeeze down on his cockhead.  
It seemed even tighter than her asshole, and Susie's moans and 
cries of pleasure, muffled by his fat cock in her throat, sent 
strange vibrations through his flesh that made him plunge even 
harder into her. 

      Once again Susie was wonderfully filled in all three holes 
with hard cock.  And once again her pleasure soared with every 
plunge they took into her mouth and cunt. Pop's stiff prick in her 
asshole was the one fixed point in her paroxysms of pleasure.  
From either end, her other two fuckers drove fiercely into her, 
even more vigorously than before.  

      The brief rest had done them good--increased their eagerness, 
yet taken the edge off their arousal.  They continued to plunge into 
her for a long, long time.  Sometimes one would stop for a while 
to catch his breath, but there was always at least one stiff prick 
pounding into her.  As she exploded into orgasm after orgasm, 
Susie writhed on Pop MacIntosh's impaling pole, making it move 
deliciously in her asshole and making the old man clutch fiercely 
at her titties.  Susie lost all sense of time and place, so intense 
were the convulsive spasms that shook her body.  Then she felt 
first one, then the other two pricks begin to spurt into her at 
almost the same time, and the feel of all that come pouring into 
her triggered an orgasm that almost made her black out, but she 
did not want to lose one bit of the overwhelming sensations.   She 
was awash in come and she loved it. 

      The four bodies collapsed into a tangled, heaving mass on the 
blanket.  The men were panting in exhaustion.  They could hardly 
move.  With a stab of disappointment Susie felt the dwindling 
pricks slip out of her cunt and asshole.  She continued to suck on 
the prick in her mouth until there was nothing more to be had 
from it.  Then, carefully extricating herself from the pile of 
bodies, she found the other two cocks that had just shot in her and 
began licking each of them clean, reveling in their distinctive 
tastes.  When she finally stopped and got to her feet, the men were 
still in no condition to do anything.  But Susie felt invigorated and 
ready for more. 

      "Gee, that was wonderful!  I hope you liked it.  You were 
really all so good to me, giving me your lollipop and your cigar.  
Thank you, Mr. Messner.  Thank you, Mr. Harrison.  I hope you 
come back again real soon.  I'd love to stay and suck you until you 
got hard again, but it's getting late, and I've got to go.  But oh boy, 
was it ever good!  And thank you too, Pop, for introducing me to 
Mr. Messner and Mr. Harrison.  I'm always happy to meet men 
like them.  I'll see you tomorrow after school." 

      All the time she was speaking, Susie was slipping into her 
skirt and T-shirt and stepping into her sandals.  The men watched 
her in a daze.  She really would have liked to suck them up into 
erection again, but she knew that their cocks and balls were 
completely depleted, and it might take forever.  She still had time 
for other adventures before she had to be home, and she didn't 
want to waste the time.  She carefully knelt beside them and gave 
each of their cocks a big kiss, before jumping to her feet and 
slipping out the back door.  She left the panties behind.  One of 
the men might want them for a souvenir, and besides, she did not 
want to be bothered by them just yet.  She would come back 
tomorrow and suck Pop off in exchange for another pair. 

      Susie felt wonderfully alive and exhilarated.  Life was so good 
to her, planting hard horny pricks in her path no matter where she 
went.  She had had a lovely visit with Pop, and she had been 
totally filled with cock and with come.  It had been lovely, but she 
was still ready for more.  And home was still blocks away. 




                           Chapter 3 


      Susie whistled gaily as she walked down the street.  Her hips 
swung in an instinctive fucking rhythm that no man could ignore.  
Many of those who turned to follow her tantalizing ass were 
rewarded with a glimpse of gleaming white flesh as her short skirt 
was caught by a passing breeze. 

      The aftertaste of come was still strong in her mouth and Susie 
relished it.  But the male juices she had swallowed had only 
satisfied one very special kind of thirst; all her activity had 
generated another.  So, when she passed the Deluxe Luncheonette 
and old Mrs. Vastos waved to her through the window, Susie 
decided to stop for a soft drink.  She hadn't been in the restaurant 
for a long time and wanted to say hello to the elderly Greek couple 
who ran it. 

      "Hi, Mrs. Vastos!  Hi, Mr. Vastos!  How are you?" 

      "Why, Miss Susie!  Hello!  Long time you no come here." 

      "Oh, I've been very busy.  Starting Junior High and all."  The 
"all" was, of course, sex.  Since her introduction to it that summer, 
Susie had had to forego many of her old habits and activities.  One 
of them had been stopping in at the Deluxe after school.  Now she 
did other things after school. 

      "You in Junior High already?  My, you grow up fast.  You 
look real good, too, Miss Susie.  Theo, come see.  Here Miss Susie 
to say hello." 

      "I just dropped in for a coke." 

      "A coke.  O.K.  You sit down.  Theo, take Miss Susie a coke." 

      Susie sat at a booth in the back of the restaurant.  The vinyl 
banquette felt cold and sticky on her bare skin.  She tried to 
spread her skirt demurely over her knees.  Theo Vastos brought 
the drink she had ordered.  He was Mrs. Vastos's husband.  Both 
of them were in their seventies.  The restaurant was mainly run by 
their sons, but at least part of every day, when business was slow, 
Mrs. Vastos sat behind the cash register and Mr. Vastos wiped 
half-heartedly at the tables. 

      After he set the coke down, Theo Vastos stopped to chat with 
her in his careful but awkward and limited English.  He made 
Susie think of Mr. Marcella, the school janitor, which brought 
immediately to her mind the janitor's immense and still vigorous 
cock, despite its age.  The memory of how he had fucked her in 
the boiler-room just an hour before started up a new itch in her 
pussy and she automatically looked down at Mr. Vastos's crotch.  
She was surprised at what she saw. 

      "Why Mr. Vastos, your fly is undone.  Your zipper." 

      The old man looked down in confusion.  He had indeed forgot 
to do up his fly when he last came from the toilet.  It was so hard 
to remember everything these days.  Hastily he tried to pull it up, 
but in his hurry he somehow got it stuck.  His pulling and tugging 
only made things worse. 

      "It's stuck, Mr. Vastos.  Don't pull so hard.  Here, let me see if 
I can fix it." 

      Susie bent forward, her face only inches from the old man's 
open fly, and pushed and pulled at the zipper to no avail.  Despite 
her extensive experience with men's zippers, she could not make it 
move. 

      But something else did move.  Susie became aware of 
movement inside the old man's pants.  Her hands were already at 
his open fly, and nothing in the world could have stopped them 
from slipping inside on a voyage of discovery.  It was madness, 
here in the restaurant with his wife just a few feet away.  However, 
Mr. Vastos was standing with his back to the cash-register, facing 
Susie, and no one else could see exactly what was happening. 

      Susie's hands found and instinctively began fondling the Told 
man's hidden cock.  Mr. Vastos was silent.  She was surprised that 
he accepted her actions so naturally, surprised and delighted.  The 
restaurant was empty and Susie was not used to stopping once she 
got a cock in her hands.  Carefully she extricated the twitching 
organ from its confines and pulled it out into the open.  Mr. 
Vastos's cock was the youngest thing about him.  Susie marvelled 
at its soft, fresh skin, and its rapidly growing length and hardness 
as she caressed it with her gentle but knowing hands.  She looked 
up at the old man and whispered, hoping his wife could not hear: 

      "Oh, Mr. Vastos!  It's so nice.  I hope you don't mind but I just 
had to see it.  I couldn't help it." 

      She had eyes only for that lovely thing, and she was about to 
lean forward and kiss it when her reverie was rudely interrupted. 

      "Papa!  What you take so long for?  You bothering Miss 
Susie?" 

      It was Mrs. Vastos.  She had left her cash-register and was 
hobbling painfully on her arthritis-ridden legs towards the back of 
the restaurant.  Susie frantically tried to push the old man's prick 
back into his pants, but her caresses had had their effect and it 
was now too long, too hard.  Mr. Vastos didn't seem to be worried 
that his wife might discover him like this, his cock poking out of 
his pants right in front of a thirteen-year old schoolgirl. 

      "Oh!  So that what going on.  But maybe Susie no like.  You 
ask her first, Theo?" 

      "My zipper, Mama.  My zipper stuck.  Won't go up.  Miss 
Susie help." 

      "Funny helping.  Zipper no go up but something else do.  So, 
you like, Susie?  I thought so all the time, but you so young I 
wonder.  Me, I like too when I your age. My Theo, he have nice 
schlong, you no think?" 

      Susie had never heard the word "schlong" before, but she 
knew exactly what Mrs. Vastos was talking about.  Once she got 
over her amazement she stopped trying to hide the wonderful tool, 
but she felt she should at least let go of it.  Mrs. Vastos had a very 
unusual attitude but Susie didn't know how far it would extend.  
Looking was one thing, touching might be quite another.  The old 
man's long, youthful cock stood there, poking straight out from 
his fly, and all three of them looked at it with admiration. 

      "You're not angry then, Mrs. Vastos?  I mean me touching 
your husband.  It was me who did it, not Mr. Vastos.  It was all 
my fault." 

      "Fault, schmalt.  No fault.  Theo really proud of his schlong.  
Like to show it to the girls.  But that's nothing.  You should see 
our sons.  Great big.  Like this." 

      Mrs. Vastos stretched her hands several feet apart.  Susie 
knew she was exaggerating, but just the thought of two sons with 
pricks even bigger than their father's was enough to make her 
pussy Tache with sudden want. 

      "It's a very nice prick, uh,  I mean schlong.  You have every 
right to be proud, Mr. Vastos.  At your age, too." 

      "Poor Theo.  He stuck with it now.  I no bother with that stuff 
any more, but Theo, he still like it." 

      Mr. Vastos looked imploringly at Susie, then down at his 
slightly wilting erection.  She reached out tentatively and touched 
his cock.  His wife said nothing.  Emboldened, Susie wrapped her 
fingers around it, feeling it throb against her hand.  Then she 
started moving her hand up and down its length.  She looked over 
at Mrs. Vastos who was smiling happily as she watched Susie's 
fingers move on her husband's cock. 

      "Is it all right, Mrs. Vastos?  I can't help it, it's so nice.  I just 
have to touch it." 

      "Sure, Miss Susie.  You go right ahead.  I remember what it 
used to be like.  It long time since Theo have any fun like that." 

      "Ah, yes, nice, nice, Miss Susie.  Oh yes!  Since Anastasia 
gone, no more," the old man sighed. 

      While continuing to pump his hard prick Susie looked 
inquiringly at Mrs. Vastos. 

      "Anastasia.  She our daughter.  Long time she used to play 
with Theo's schlong.  Then she get married, but she still come 
back see us sometime and play with schlong.  Now she have little 
girl and not come so much.  Poor Theo!  He not come much 
neither no more."  Mrs. Vastos laughed heartily at her own joke 
and even Susie had to smile.  "You make him come, Miss Susie?  
It been long time for him.  I get towel.  No one in restaurant now.  
Anyway, I close." 

      Susie pumped steadily, her head awhirl with all she had 
heard.  Her mouth watered at the sight of the old man's glowing 
cockhead above her fist.  It was getting ready to shoot, she could 
tell.  It would be such a waste to spill it all into a towel. 

      "Mrs. Vastos . . . is it all right . . . I mean . . . can I use my 
mouth?  Then you won't need a towel." 

      "Oh, Susie!  You like do that?  Me too, long time ago.  Not 
now.  Not even Anastasia do that.  I watch.  You go head." 

      And Susie gladly went "head".  Her luscious lips swooped 
down over the tip of Mr. Vastos's cock and began to suck.  Mrs. 
Vastos clapped her hands in glee.  Susie's hands continued to 
pump up and down on the long shaft while her mouth engulfed 
the head.  She swept her tongue over the crown, tasting the first 
drops of fluid that were beginning to leak out. 

      "Oh, Miss Susie! Susie!  Oh, good, good, good!  More than 
'tasia." 

      The old man babbled in a mixture of Greek and English.  
Susie didn't always understand what he was saying, but she 
certainly understood what his cock was saying to her mouth.  
Unwrapping her fingers from his cock-shaft, she clutched at his 
frail hips and pulled him towards her until his prick was pushing 
deep into her throat.  Then she pushed him slowly back, keeping 
her lips locked on his throbbing shaft.  When she pulled him back 
into her, swallowing an extra inch of cock this time, he quickly 
understood what she wanted and began thrusting in and out of her 
mouth in long gentle strokes while his wife watched and beamed 
her approval.  Even though she wasn't interested in "that" 
anymore, she was pleased to see that her husband's "schlong" 
could still appeal to even such a young and sexy girl as Susie.  It 
made her remember that she hadn't been much older than thirteen 
when she married him. 

      Mrs. Vastos watched happily as her seventy-five year old 
husband pumped his cock, his schlong, between the clinging lips 
of a thirteen-year old schoolgirl in broad daylight, almost in the 
middle of their family restaurant.  She was even happier when she 
saw her husband close his eyes and begin to shake and clutch at 
Susie's bobbing head.  She watched in fascination the way the 
young girl's throat muscles worked as she swallowed the long 
pent-up load that the poor, sex-starved old man shot into her 
mouth. 

      Susie continued to suck gently on the old man's cock for a 
long time.  She couldn't get over how young and vital it still felt in 
her mouth, and how much juice it had spurted into her stomach.  
When at last she pulled her lips from the shrunken organ, a drop 
of gism hung from her lip.  Mrs. Vastos stretched out a motherly 
hand and wiped it away; then she presented her finger to Susie to 
lick clean. 

      "Oh, that was so good, Mr. Vastos!  And you came so much!  
I didn't think I'd be able to swallow it all.  Gallons and gallons.  
I'd be happy to play with your schlong anytime if your daughter 
Anastasia doesn't want to any more.  You just tell me when.  It's 
so delicious." 

      "Hah!  Theo's got nice schlong all right.  But you should see 
my sons, Miss Susie.  Big like this!  And fat.  Not old and skinny 
like his." 

      "I thank you, Miss Susie.  Your mouth so good.  But Mama 
right.  Both our boys got big schlong.  Like father," said Mr. 
Vastos with paternal pride.  In a burst of enthusiasm and affection 
Susie jumped to her feet to wrap her arms around Mr. Vastos's 
neck and planted a big kiss on his surprised lips.  Mrs. Vastos 
grabbed her arm. 

      "Hey!  What you do?  Theo my husband.  You no kiss him 
like that.  Not right, Miss Susie.  You don't do again, please." 

   A bewildered Susie let her arms drop from the old man's neck.  
It was all right for her to suck Mr. Vastos's cock in public and 
swallow his come, but she was not to kiss him on the lips.  She 
didn't really understand, but she was happy to go along with the 
rules as long as she was free to suck his cock.  Her pussy was 
beginning to itch again.  Visions of the Vastos boys with their 
legendary cocks, big like this, floated through her head. 

      "I'm sorry, Mrs. Vastos.  I didn't mean anything.  It's just that 
you have such a nice husband.  And . . . uh . . . Mrs. Vastos . . . ?" 

      "Yes, Miss Susie?" 

      "I bet your sons are nice, too.  Do you think I could meet your 
schl . . . I mean your sons, someday?" 

      "Oh sure, Miss Susie.  You like big schlongs, you gonna really 
like my sons.  You meet right now.  Steve and Chris, they in the 
kitchen now.  You come with me.  You come too, Theo." 

      The three of them went through a swinging door into the 
small kitchen.  Two fat, middle-aged men were sitting on chairs 
smoking.  They both jumped to their feet and put out their 
cigarettes when they saw their mother appear. 

      "Boys, boys.  I told you million timers, you no smoke in 
kitchen.  But I want for you to meet Miss Susie.  Susie, these my 
sons, Christopher and Stephen." 

      Susie politely shook their hands, hoping she would soon have 
her hands on other parts of them.  Both men wore T-shirts and 
dirty white trousers.  They also wore aprons which frustrated 
Susie's attempts to catch a glimpse of their famous schlongs. 

      The two men stared curiously at the young girl.  Of course, 
they had seen her before around the restaurant, but they were 
puzzled that their mother had brought her back to the kitchen.  
However, they were quite happy to have her lovely young body to 
look at.  As Theo Vastos moved past Susie to stand beside his 
wife, Chris caught sight of his gaping fly.  "Papa," he whispered.  
"Your zipper!" 

      "It stuck.  It no go up," the old man replied in a normal voice. 

      "Stuck, schmuck.  Don't worry so much Christopher.  Your 
Papa just been showing Miss Susie his schlong.  She like very 
much.  Even eat right up, just like a hot dog.  Now she want to see 
you and Steve.  Show her your schlongses, both of you." 

      Chris and Steve Vastos were shocked speechless.  They looked 
in bewilderment from the sweet, sexy schoolgirl to their grinning 
father's open trouser front, to their mother's happy face.  Her 
words slowly sank in.  They convinced themselves that she had, in 
fact, said it, but they did not know how to react.  They knew 
enough of their mother's ideas to accept her words and, since 
Susie did not express any shock or outrage, they began to think 
that it might even be true, no matter how unbelievable.  Their eyes 
fixed on hers.  She smiled warmly, enjoying their confusion as she 
hoped to soon be enjoying their cocks. 

      "Your mother has told me so much about you, I just had to see 
them . . . I mean you.  She says your pricks are even nicer than 
your Dad's, and his is really nice.  I'd really like to see yours, too.  
Won't you please show me?" 

      "Go on, boys.  I know you both got nice big schlongs.  Show 
them to Miss Susie.  She like schlongs like I used to.  Go on, 
hurry up.  Miss Susie not got all night." 

      The two men looked at each other, then slowly put down their 
cigarettes and began to fumble with the knots of their apron 
strings.  They threw off the white aprons, but they could not bring 
themselves to go any further.  Susie saw their hesitation. 

      "Mrs. Vastos?  Can I do it?  Can I open their pants?  Do you 
think they'll mind?"  she asked impatiently. 

      "My boys too shy.  Sure, you go head.  They no mind, do you 
boys?" 

      The two men simply shook their heads as Susie quickly and 
happily approached them.  First she stroked and fondled the 
crotches of their stained white trousers.  Yes, she could feel the 
heavy, swollen flesh.  Immediately her tiny hands went to work on 
their belts, while the two men stood almost petrified.  In a 
moment their pants were open and Susie's hands were foraging in 
their underwear. 

      "Oh my!  They really do feel nice, Mrs. Vastos.  Oh!  I can 
feel yours move, Mr. Christopher.  Do you like me touching you.  
Oh, and now yours too, Mr. Steve.  Oh, I want to see them, but I 
can't get them out like this." 

      The touch of her hands on the bare flesh of their cocks, on top 
of everything else, had excited them to such an extent that even 
Susie's practiced hands could not pull the swelling poles through 
the openings in their jockey shorts.  While Mrs. Vastos nodded in 
approval, and the two men began gasping with pleasure, Susie 
pushed their pants and underwear down around their knees.  She 
exclaimed in delight when she looked up.  Mrs. Vastos was right;  
they were indeed "big like this" and so very fat.  

      In Susie's brief but very crowded experience with men's cocks 
she had seldom seen bigger--and these weren't even fully erect yet.  
Susie remedied that deficiency in a hurry.  She stood in front of 
the two men and fondled each one with one hand, a dreamy look 
on her face as she imagined how their schlongs would feel inside 
of her.  Then she bent down to inspect the marvelous organs more 
closely, to inhale their scent and, after a furtive glance towards the 
boys' mother, to plant a big kiss on the head of each cock.  The 
men gasped and stiffened in disbelief.  When Mrs. Vlastos said 
nothing, Susie let herself go and spread wide her lips to swallow 
the head of Steve's cock. 

      However, in bending over, Susie revealed that she was panty-
less under her skirt.  Hardly anyone was looking, so fascinated 
were they all by the contrast between Susie's tiny hands and 
delicate lips and those huge, bloated pieces of male meat.  But old 
Theo Vastos was trying to get a better view of Susie's lips on his 
sons' cocks when he noticed the naked flesh beneath her skirt.  
The sight of those sweet, round globes stopped him in his tracks.  
His eyes brightened.  While Susie fondled and kissed his sons' 
schlongs, he reached out to grab at her ass. 
 
      Mrs. Vlastos did not see because she had quickly turned and 
hurried to a wall telephone.  She dialed almost blindly, her proud, 
maternal eyes fixed on little Susie's attempt to get one of those 
great schlongs inside her mouth. 

      "Hello, George.  That you?  Mama here.  George, you come 
right way to kitchen.  Yes, restaurant.  No, I no tell you.  A 
surprise.  You come quick."  She hung up abruptly and settled into 
one of the chairs vacated by her sons to watch her family enjoy 
themselves. 

      "Old Theo Vastos now had his finger in Susie's pussy while 
her lips were stretched tightly around the bulbous knob of Steve's 
cock-head.  Suddenly the old man plunged his finger deep into her 
cunt and pressed his thumb against her asshole.  Susie jumped 
forward--from surprise and delight, not pain--and Steve's great 
knob popped into her mouth just as the old man's thumb popped 
through her anus and pressed against the finger in her cunt.  The 
old man's probing fingers spurred her to suck voraciously on the 
son's cock, swallowing it inch by inch, as she wriggled her ass 
enthusiastically against the old man's hand, wishing he could put 
something bigger than his fingers in her. 

      Chris Vastos was left standing with his cock sticking out of 
his pants and a bewildered, forlorn look on his face.  Susie's 
mouth was fully occupied by his brother and her ass by his father.  
When Mrs. Vlastos saw that he was being left out, she called to 
her husband. 

      "Theo, you stop that!  Look, poor Chris.  He got nothing to do.  
You let him play with Susie's bummie.  If Susie don't mind.  You 
mind, Susie?  You let Chris feel your bummie?  Maybe you even 
let him put his schlong in you?  If it not too big?  You like?  Chris 
he do it good." 

      If Susie had ever wanted to cry out, "yes!", that was the time.  
But the huge pole in her mouth made it impossible.  She nodded 
her head as vigorously as she could, making Steve Vastos moan 
from the sensations it produced on his cock.  She wriggled and 
shook her "bummie", hoping Christopher or his mother would 
understand.  She missed the old man's fingers already, but just the 
thought of one of those great schlongs pushing inside her drowned 
out any regrets. 

      Under his wife's stern glance, the old man reluctantly pulled 
his hand from Susie's ass and moved away to sit beside her in the 
chair.  Chris Vastos frantically tried to pull off his pants, but 
ended up hobbling into position at Susie's rear.  He watched that 
lovely behind for a few seconds as it squirmed in frustration and 
invitation.  Then he reached out to stroke the glowing flesh, 
almost hypnotized by its whiteness.  Finally he took his mighty 
prick in two hands and set its swollen head against the pink and 
gleaming lips of Susie's pussy.  Susie pushed back as hard as she 
could to try to capture the fleshy knob, but his mother's voice 
made him start and pull away.  Susie moaned in frustration 
around the meaty pole in her mouth until she heard what Mrs. 
vastos had to say. 

      "Christopher!  What you do?  You know not right to put your 
schlong there!  Didn't I teach you better.  You put in other place, 
like I show you.  Is better.  Right Miss Susie?  You like that, no?" 

      Susie was surprised at the old lady's words but she didn't care 
where he put it as long as he put it in her somewhere soon.  If 
Mrs. Vlastos didn't want her son to fuck her cunt then she was 
quite happy to give him her asshole.  Once again she nodded her 
head vigorously.  Steve groaned again and his cock sank several 
inches further into her throat. 

      When Chris had re-aimed his mighty missile and started to 
press it tentatively against her tiny asshole, Susie was pushed even 
more firmly onto his brother's cock.  Its great length was almost 
completely buried in her throat before the other brother finally 
managed to force the swollen knob of his cock-head through her 
anxious anal opening.  Once that tight ring of muscle had snapped 
firmly around his shaft, Chris Vastos let out a roar and began 
thrusting into the young girl, forcing her throat down the last few 
inches onto his brother's cock.  He straightened his knees and 
suddenly Susie's feet were off the floor.  She was completely 
impaled now, just as she had been between the two salesman a 
little while before, but this was even better.  Never had she felt so 
full, so stuffed with wonderful man-meat.  Even though her cunt 
was empty, the sheer size of the cocks in her other two openings 
more than made up for it. 

      But she couldn't breathe.  She almost hadn't noticed, so 
enraptured had she been by the progress of Chris Vastos's big cock 
up the tight channel of her ass.  Steve Vastos wasn't moving.  The 
sensation of her throat muscles clamped around his rigid shaft, 
squeezing and pulsating, was simply too good.  Susie had to push 
at his legs before he grabbed her head and began to  move in her, 
pulling his mighty cock back until only the great knob was in her 
mouth so she could gulp a breath of air, then sending the complete 
length of his shaft deep into her throat again.

      If it had been wonderful before, now was even better.  Susie 
simply closed her eyes, let her body go limp, and let the incredible 
sensations wash over her as the two brothers drove in and out of 
her convulsing, quaking body.  Every movement sent paroxysms 
of pleasure through her, causing her throat and ass muscles to 
clutch spasmodically at the cocks that were so deliciously 
invading her.  That only drove the two men to even greater 
heights of excitement, and they pounded their massive cocks into 
her tiny body with ever growing fury.  It was heavenly. 

      Suddenly both men stopped moving, both their cocks fully 
buried in Susie's body.  She couldn't stand it; she wanted them to 
keep moving, to continue driving into her until she burst from the 
build-up of sheer pleasure.  She tried to move herself, but she was 
pinned between them, her legs dangling in the air, firmly caught 
on those giant pegs of throbbing flesh.  She couldn't understand 
what had happened.  Then, through her pleasure-drugged daze, 
she heard Mrs. Vastos's piercing voice. 

      "Oh, Miss Susie.  You do so good.  Both my boys really enjoy, 
I can tell.  But you don't mind stop for minute.  Here is George.  
George my nephew.  He have nice schlong too. George, you take 
clothes off and show Miss Susie your schlong." 

      George had slipped into the kitchen almost unnoticed, and 
had stood in shocked silence for several minutes before his aunt 
noticed him.  What an incredible sight.  That luscious young girl, 
only a teen-ager, really, being double-fucked by his two cousins 
with their giant horse-cocks.  And Chris actually had his prick in 
her asshole.  It was beyond belief, but there it was, right in front of 
him.  His own cock hardened in his pants immediately and he 
reached down to rub it.  And what was more incredible was that 
she seemed to be looking over at him, welcoming him, and all that 
with those giant cocks stuffing her.  He knew grown women who 
wouldn't even touch his cousins' cocks, so frighteningly huge did 
they find them, yet this little girl seemed to be reveling in them. 

      "You like see George's schlong, too, Miss Susie?" 

      Susie nodded as well as she could with Steve's telephone pole 
of a cock stuck right down her throat, then gave him a quick push 
with her other hand, hoping he would start moving again so she 
could breathe.  She was on the point of blacking out when he 
finally pulled his cock back and she was able to take in a breath of 
air through her nose.  His brother started moving again, too, and 
soon those two poles of flesh were once again driving her mad 
with pleasure.  But Susie was still alert enough to her 
surroundings to watch out of the corner of her eye as George 
stripped off his pants.  She liked what she saw. 

      George stood next to his cousins, wondering how he could get 
involved.  He felt Susie's hand strike his leg and then climb slowly 
upwards along his thigh until she was able to grasp his already 
iron-hard prick.  She squeezed it triumphantly, feeling it throb 
beneath her fingers, then began pumping it in time to the two 
other cocks ramming into her.  When the shudders of orgasm 
swept through her again, she squeezed him so tightly he groaned 
from mingled pain and pleasure.  Then, while her body was still 
quivering, she pulled George closer.  He was pressed against his 
cousin Steve but he hardly noticed because Susie was somehow 
bending her arm at a painful angle so she could run his dripping 
cock-head all over her face and the sleek line of her throat.  He 
could actually feel the sensation of his cousin's great schlong 
grotesquely stretching her cheeks and her throat muscles as it 
drove towards her stomach. 

      He felt as if he were going to come right away, just from the 
feel of her silken skin, tautly stretched around the cock in her 
mouth, rubbing against his enflamed cock-head.  He was saved 
from so wastefully spilling his seed by his two cousins, both of 
whom clutched Susie even tighter and began gasping as they 
exploded in her body one after the other with meaningless grunts 
of animal passion. George stepped back and watched Susie's 
throat convulse as she greedily swallowed the torrent of come that 
spilled into her mouth.  He saw his cousin Chris grimace in 
unbearable ecstasy as he pumped and spurted his juices deep into 
Susie's bowels.  This set Susie off again, and her body writhed and 
twisted around the two impaling rods. The two hard cocks that 
had been supporting her softened rapidly, but fortunately George 
was there to catch the half senseless girl before she fell to the 
floor. 

      Poor George didn't know what to do.  His cock was hard and 
eager and he held this sexy girl in his arms.  She was naked 
beneath her skirt, and he had had the most vivid proof imaginable 
that she loved cock.  After the session she had just been through, 
he knew she needed a rest, but his impatient cock wouldn't let him 
wait.  He twisted her still quivering body in his arms until her 
pussy lips were pressed against his cock.  Holding her slender 
body with one hand around her waist, he reached down to ready 
his cock to penetrate her when he felt a stern hand on his 
shoulder. 

      "No!  No, George.  Not right.  Not like that.  Not there.  That 
for married peoples.  You just wait a minute.  Miss Susie let you 
do like Chris or Steve.  You just wait and see." 

      Mrs. Vastos had pushed herself up from her chair and hobbled 
over to them.  After speaking to him she continued on past them, 
heading for the other side of the kitchen.  Susie had her feet on 
the ground now, but George still held her.  His cock was pressed 
into her back, the cheeks of her ass pressing against his balls.  His 
hands were under her T-shirt cupping and squeezing her tits. 

      Even though she was still panting and gasping for breath, 
Susie was reaching back, trying to find his cock and pull it into 
her, despite what Mrs,. Vastos had said.  She didn't want the 
feelings to ever stop.  George felt her fingers on his balls, and 
couldn't stop himself.  His aunt didn't want him to screw this girl 
in the cunt, though he was sure she wouldn't mind at all, but he 
had to put his hot, hard cock somewhere quickly or he would spill 
his seed all over her back.  Susie was still caressing his balls and 
squirming sensuously against him.  While still glowing from the 
pleasure Chris and Steve Vastos had brought her, she was already 
looking forward to new thrills.  She strained upwards; he bent his 
knees.  Her fingers found the base of his cock and positioned it 
where she wanted it.  He straightened his legs and suddenly his 
cock was in her, sliding freely and easily into her well-lubricated 
asshole. 

      Mrs. Vastos came hobbling back, pushing a steel cart ahead of 
her.  It had two shelves, just two feet across, with the top one just 
at waist height.  George already had Susie bent over and he was 
screwing his own rather substantial cock into her ass, holding her 
to him with a painfully tight grasp of her titties.  Susie sighed and 
clutched her ass muscles down on him, and it was as if nothing 
had ever penetrated her there.  George was amazed at the 
tightness and the heat.  

      Then both he and Susie felt a shock. His aunt had somehow 
maneuvered the cart right under Susie's bent-over torso.  George's 
knuckles scraped its surface as he continued to cling to her round 
titties.  Susie gasped when the cold edge of the table met her over-
heated belly.  It just seemed to accentuate the fire within.  She let 
herself fall forward onto it, grateful for the support.  Now she had 
something to hold onto so she could screw her ass back against 
George's plunging cock. 

      "There now.  That better?  George has nice schlong, too, eh 
Miss Susie?  But not like my boys." 

      "Oh Oh Ohhhh!" cried Susie as another orgasm swept over 
her.  Her throat felt empty. but at least now she could cry out her 
pleasure and that always seemed to make it better.  "Oh yes!  Oh 
it's so good!  Oh they're all so good.  I love it!  I love them!  Oh, 
Mrs. Vastos, I love your family,  their cocks, their schlongs.  I 
want them in me.  I want them all." 

      "Boys!  You hear Miss Susie.  No just stand there!  Give Miss 
Susie your schlongs." 

      Chris and Steve had recovered from their exertions and had 
been watching with mounting excitement as their cousin carried 
on with what they had started.  When they heard Susie cry out, 
and heard their mother's admonitions, they hurried over to stand 
in front of Susie. 

      Chris got there first.  Susie's head hung over the edge of the 
cart at the perfect height.  Without thinking about where his cock 
had just been, without thinking about anything but finding 
renewed satisfaction in the young girl's body, he pushed his long, 
limp sausage at Susie's lips.  She opened her mouth as wide as she 
could and sucked it inside with a loud, lascivious slurp.  Then she 
began to suck avidly, loving its dark musty taste.  Her round ass 
squirmed enthusiastically as George's long cock skewered into her 
asshole.  Chris Vastos's cock in her mouth swelled and swelled, 
quickly regaining all of its majestic size, turning her cries of 
pleasure into wordless whimpers.  His brother stood impatiently in 
line behind him.  Across the kitchen, Mr. and Mrs. Vastos sat 
side-by-side on their two chairs, watching proudly.  They were 
holding hands. 

      When George's over-excited cock finally exploded and sent 
his flood of come to join his cousin's deep in Susie's ass, Chris 
quickly pulled his now huge, hard cock from her throat and 
hurried to replace his cousin.  Susie moaned in protest as both 
cocks suddenly left her, but that moan turned to a sigh of 
contentment as Chris's great pole pushed its way into her pulsing 
asshole just seconds after George had pulled out.  Her sigh was cut 
off by another cock poking at her lips.  Without even looking up 
she swallowed it greedily. 

      The double fuckings went on and on, sending Susie into the 
convulsions of orgasm countless times, but always she wanted 
more and always there was another cock to plunge into her ass 
and another soft and savoury prick for her mouth.  The two 
brothers and their cousin emptied their balls again and again into 
Susie's asshole and were sucked back to erection by her avid lips.  
Sometimes one or the other could not resist the tigh clasp of her 
throat and would let his cock burst in her mouth; then she had to 
suck up the next limp prick to be presented to her lips quickly or 
there would be no hard cock ready to replace the one one the point 
of exploding in her ass.  But each time it took longer and longer 
for the men to come and Susie's ass was continually reamed by 
hard cock.  She was in a state of near-perpetual orgasm, aware 
only of the hard flesh that filled her. 

      Then, at last her ass was empty.  No hard cock rushed in to 
replace the one that had just spurted weakly inside her.  She still 
had a tasty prick in her mouth, she did not know whose, but it 
refused to respond to the magic of her lips and tongue.  Slowly she 
returned to her senses, her body still quivering, and reluctantly let 
the soft meat fall from between her lips.  She looked up, conscious 
now of the hard shelf digging into her belly, squashing her tender 
titties.  Steve Vastos stood sadly in front of her, looking down at 
her swollen lips and his limp and wrinkled prick.  Susie pushed 
herself up and off the cart and looked behind her.  Chris and 
George were sitting on the floor, their heads between their knees, 
their limp pricks drooping over their empty balls. 

      Susie looked at her rumpled and come-stained skirt.  She 
really should have taken it off, she thought.  Her T-shirt was wet 
with sweat and showed the hard points of her still excited nipples.  
She tried to straighten her clothes into some semblance of 
respectability.  There was nothing more for her here.  She knew 
from experience that it would be a long wait for any of the men to 
revive.  When Susie drained a cock it was completely drained.  
She turned to face Mr. and Mrs. Vastos, who were still sitting 
together, hand-in-hand.  The woman looked somewhat crestfallen. 

      "Oh Susie!  What you do to my boys.  They all wore out.  
Even their schlongs." 

      She was so proud of her sons' schlongs that she almost 
resented the fact that Susie had been able to defeat them.  But she 
was basically a good-natured lady, and she had so enjoyed the 
sight of her sons and her nephew ploughing their big schlongs 
into Susie's tiny body.  And Susie was so appreciative, said such 
wonderful things about them that her maternal pride returned and 
burned even brighter than before.  Then her husband spoke. 

      "Miss Susie.  I like watch you so much.  My boys good boys.  
Good schlongs.  Like father.  Miss Susie, look!" 

      Miss Susie looked, and broke out into a big warm smile.  
There, rising proudly from the old man's still open fly, was his 
long, youthful-looking cock.  Despite everything that had 
happened, Susie's mouth watered at the sight. 

      "Oh my!  It's hard again, Mr. Vastos.  Oh, how wonderful!  It 
looks so delicious.  can I taste it again?  Please?" 

      Susie didn't even wait for an answer before kneeling in front 
of him and lovingly taking his rejuvenated cock into her sweet, 
warm mouth.  She bobbed her head over his crotch and sucked 
happily.  The old man's cock throbbed with excitement, and 
seemed to get harder and longer in her mouth, but no matter what 
tricks Susie played with her tongue and lips, he did not come.  
Susie was happy sucking on his wonderful cock but she also 
wanted to feel the old man's come shoot into her again.  She lifted 
her mouth from his hard prick and rubbed it sensuously over her 
face, then kissed it and stood up to whisper into his wife's ear, her 
hands continuing to play with the noble schlong.  Mrs Vastos 
frowned, but Susie continued to whisper urgently.  Finally the 
woman turned to look at her husband, his face a grimace of 
pleasure and pain, and slowly nodded her head. 

      "Oh thank you, Mrs. Vastos!  Thank you so much," Susie 
cried, before bending eagerly over the old man and kissing the 
ruby red head of his cock.  Then she quickly straddled the chair 
and the old man's lap, her hands positioning his cock as she sank 
down on it.  But instead of her well-traveled asshole, his vigorous 
rod surged into her achingly empty and neglected cunt.  And it 
felt so good that Susie came right away and her cunt muscles 
rippled along the length of the old man's shaft, making him gasp 
with pleasure and bury his head between her breasts.  

      Susie began to rise and fall on that wonderfully filling pole.  It 
was so good and so different from what she had experienced with 
his sons.  Susie clutched Mr. Vastos's head to her breasts and tried 
to fuck him to death.  Up and down and around and around she 
screwed her ass, feeling his cock scrape against every inch of her 
hyper-sensitive cunt.  And still the old man did not come, 
although his toothless jaws were biting at her titties as he sobbed 
and moaned in pleasure. 

      While she blindly rode the old man's cock, Susie felt hands on 
her ass.  Many hands.  Her T-shirt was pushed up, and her skirt.  
Then she felt other things that felt very much like long limp cocks 
press and rub against the flesh of her ass and back.  Someone 
unhooked her skirt and pulled it up.  She let go of Mr. Vastos's 
neck and lifted her arms so that both the T-shirt and skirt could be 
pulled right off, leaving her totally naked.  Now the limp cocks 
were rubbing all over her body, along with six hands that caressed 
and squeezed her flesh.  Mr. Vastos sucked and munched on one 
titty, while unknown hands fought over possession of the other 
one.  Fingers played over her belly and thighs, poked at her 
dripping asshole and even ran around the mouth of her cunt 
where the old man's cock was so deliciously trapped. 

      Susie couldn't stop coming.  In fact she had hardly stopped 
coming since she had entered the kitchen.  She squirmed and 
writhed under all this attention, clamping her cunt muscles 
around the cock that filled it as she rose and fell.  But it was hard 
work and her legs were tiring.  And still the old man didn't come.  
Then Susie felt a strange sensation.  She was being lifted into the 
air, but the old man's cock was still locked firmly in her cunt.  
They were both being lifted, still joined delightfully together.  
Hands gripped her tightly, hardening cocks rubbed against her.  
Susie did not know what was happening, nor did she care as long 
as she had old Mr. Vastos's wonderful cock inside her.  Gently the 
fucking couple was lowered to the floor. 

      The old man's body fell back, his toothless gums slipping off 
Susie's breast.  His wife was quick to put something under his 
head, even if it was Susie's skirt and T-shirt.  She fell forward 
onto his frail body, rubbing her breasts over his chest and raining 
kisses onto his face.  Mrs. Vastos protested in the background but 
Susie didn't care anymore as she glued her lips to the old man's.  
In this new position she could feel him trying his best to use his 
hips to push his cock into her.  But he was too old and weak.  His 
cock, on the other hand, was young and strong, and it throbbed 
mightily in Susie's deliriously happy pussy. 

      The many hands still caressed her with mounting fervor.  
Fingers poked at her asshole.  The something else.  A cock.  She 
didn't know or care whose it was.  She sobbed in happiness as the 
big cock pushed its way into her ass, side by side with the old 
man's in her cunt, and began to move. The fuck lasted for a long, 
long time, and Susie reveled in the double penetration.  Her cries 
of passion mingled with the old man's as they both were driven 
mad by the friction of the fat cock plunging into her ass rubbing 
against the one in her cunt. 

      Susie began babbling senselessly, telling Mrs. Vastos that her 
family had the best schlongs in the world, that she wanted to have 
them in her all the time.  She cried out with fierce joy as the cock 
in her ass throbbed and shot its painful load into her guts.  There 
was not much of the wonderful liquid, but it made up for its 
volume with the force of its throbbing.  But still the old man did 
not come, though he was squirming and moaning more and more 
frantically beneath her.  Another cock slid easily into her ass, and 
screwed her steadily and fiercely until it too humped dryly and 
slipped away, only to be replaced by yet a 
third one.  When that last cock had fucked her ass as much as it 
could and then given up, the old man was still hard and eager 
within her. 

      Tears of joy filled Susie's eyes.  She could no longer talk or 
think.  She was just a tangled mass of pleasure, all focused on the 
miraculous pole that filled her cunt.  She felt the old man stirring 
beneath her, pushing at her with his hands.  She hoped 
desperately that he didn't want her to get off, and continued to 
grind her pussy into his crotch.  Theo Vastos clenched his muscles 
and with every bit of strength left in him, suddenly rolled over 
until he was on top of a surprised Susie.  Her head hit the floor 
with a thud, but she did not even feel it.  Her legs shot up into the 
air and wrapped themselves around the old man's back.  The only 
sound that came from her now was a loud, continuous keening 
wail.  The explosions in her belly were too close together now to 
be distinguished from each other. 

      The old man plunged his cock into her with quick, rabbit-like 
thrusts that drove her hard against the floor.  Susie clutched him 
tightly to her, glorying in the aggressiveness of his fucking.  He 
slobbered feverishly over her titties.  Susie screamed when he 
suddenly bit down hard on her nipple and convulsed on top of her.  
His cock throbbed mightily, spraying her burning pussy with his 
pent-up come.  Jolt after jolt of electricity surged through Susie's 
body as she felt him finally give her the juices she had so 
desperately craved. 

      The loving couple panted together on the floor.  Around them 
was silence.  The old man's sons and his nephew were speechless, 
incredulous, awed.  Mrs. Vastos felt a surge of pride swell her 
already substantial bosom.  Her Theo.  Her Theo and his 
wonderful schlong.  Was there ever another one like it?  Susie 
didn't seem to think so, the way she was now showering it with 
grateful kisses and carefully licking it clean.  Then, while Mrs. 
Vastos hugged her husband proudly and wondered if she might 
not have been premature in giving up "that", Susie turned to the 
three younger men and took their limp and soiled cocks into her 
mouth one last time, cleansing them of all trace of her ass and its 
juices. 

      Finally it was time to go.  The Vastos family all helped her 
dress, but her clothes were a mess.  All that fucking while she was 
still wearing them, and then the fucking on top of them had taken 
their toll.  What would her mother say?  She might not notice the 
absence of panties, but she was sure to notice the incredibly 
wrinkled skirt, stained with drying come and other darker stains, 
the dirty finger marks on the front of her T-shirt.  Susie knew she 
would have to do something before she got home but she did not 
yet know what.  Even going into the street like that would attract a 
lot of attention.  But Susie was used to attracting attention on the 
street, so she prepared to continue her journey home from school.  
Then she remembered. 

      "Oh, Mrs. Vastos.  I had so much fun I almost forgot my coke.  
How much do I owe you." 

      "Fifty cents.  But you so nice to Theo and the boys, I give you 
for half-price.  You give me only a quarter." 

      Susie protested, but twenty-five cents was all Mrs. Vastos 
would take.  Susie was so happy and grateful for her wonderful 
experience that she would have given everything she had in 
thanks, so she made her promise that the next time she came she 
would definitely pay the full price no matter what might happen 
in the kitchen.  It hardly seemed right that the poor old couple 
should lose out when she herself had had so much fun.  And she 
was sure she would be back again very soon. 




                           Chapter 4 


      Susie's legs felt a little weak as she walked down the street.  
She could still feel the Vastos family's huge schlongs in her 
asshole and taste them in her mouth, and the memory of the dear 
old man's cock in her cunt made her pussy twitch with 
remembered pleasure.  She was so glad she had stopped at the 
restaurant and discovered the wonderful things they had that were 
not on the menu.  She would like to eat there every day, but she 
doubted if there would be enough for her that often.  Unless Mrs. 
Vastos had more relatives with big schlongs.  She would have to 
ask.  Her happy dreams were rudely interrupted. 

      "Hey sweetie!  Wanna suck my cock?" 

      A delivery van had stopped next to her at a traffic light.  The 
driver's obscenely grinning face looked down at her from the open 
window.  His eyes took in every inch of the delectable sight, 
moving from the rounded slopes of her young ass, scarcely 
covered by the short skirt, to the thrusting mounds of her titties.  
He spat on the sidewalk. 

      "Ya wanna suck my cock?  I got a big one." 

      The idea delighted Susie.  She broke into a big smile as she 
turned to him and answered: "Sure!  I'd love to!"  A look of 
complete bewilderment flooded the man's face.  She wasn't 
supposed to react like that.  Susie stepped off the curb in front of 
the van and hurried towards the passenger door, carefully 
watching the traffic.  If she had been paying more attention to the 
man in the van she would have seen the panic in his eyes as he 
saw her cross in front of him.  Then she wouldn't have been so 
surprised when he suddenly pulled away the moment she touched 
the door handle, leaving her standing in the middle of the road. 

      Susie was disappointed.  Her mouth was already salivating in 
anticipation.  But she had seen the same thing happen before.  All 
too often some man would make a remark as she passed, say he 
wanted to fuck her, and then, when she happily agreed, rush away 
in confusion.  Men!  She really didn't understand them sometimes.  
But she wanted them all the time. 

      The many men she had already had that afternoon: her 
teacher, the janitor, the vice-principal, Pop MacIntosh and the two 
salesmen, the entire Vastos family, were beginning to seem like 
distant memories.  But she was nearly home.  There probably 
wouldn't be too many more cocks falling in her path, and she still 
had to decide what to do about her clothes.  Maybe she could 
think up some harmless explanation for her mother.  Her father 
would understand.  Ever since she had got up the courage to suck 
him off in the shower last month, he had begun to understand 
what a hot-assed daughter he had, and he knew that she fucked 
other men.  Sometimes Susie thought he enjoyed the idea of other 
men fucking his daughter almost as much as he enjoyed fucking 
her himself.  But her mother still didn't know. 

      She was lost in thought as she drew closer to her home.  The 
excited barking of a neighbor's dog brought her back to reality.  
She was in front of the Reynolds house, just two doors away from 
her parents.  Ralph and Lorna Reynolds had just moved into the 
neighborhood a few months ago, and Susie didn't know them very 
well yet.  However, she was quickly getting to know Ralph 
Reynolds.  Since she had noticed that he usually left for work at 
the same time she left for school, she had made a point of joining 
him in his garage several times a week.  Usually she sat in his car 
sucking his cock while he stood in front of the open door;  
sometimes she leaned over the hood of the car while he fucked her 
vigorously from behind.  He was a nice man. 

      Mrs. Reynolds was sitting on the porch with a drink in her 
hand, watching their dog play in the front yard.  The dog was 
bouncing energetically up and down in front of Susie.  She bent to 
hug him, then walked up the walk towards the porch with the dog 
running after her. It was too bad it wasn't Mr. Reynolds.  She 
would have liked to have his nice cock inside her right now.  But 
maybe Mrs. Reynolds would help her with her clothes, let her 
clean them up a bit before she went home. 

      The dog seemed intoxicated by Susie's presence, his tail 
wagging furiously.  He was a large, friendly dog of an unknown 
mixture of breeds.  Lorna Reynolds called out to him sharply, 
telling him to leave Susie alone.  But the poor animal could not.  
The scent that drifted from between her legs was setting him on 
fire.  As Susie walked, she almost tripped over him several times; 
he danced alongside her, pushing his head under her skirt.  When 
his cold nose brushed her inner thigh, Susie felt a thrill run 
through her. 

      She stopped at the porch steps.  Mrs. Reynolds was looking 
curiously at her dishevelled appearance.  The dog was still nosing 
around under her skirt, and began to lick her cum-coated thighs 
with his warm rasping tongue.  He would not stop despite Lorna's 
orders to him to behave, and the feel of the dog's tongue on her 
sent strange shivers through Susie's body. 

      "It's all right, Mrs. Reynolds, he isn't bothering me.  But could 
I ask you a favor?" 

      "Why, of course, Susie.  What can I do for you?" 

      "Well, I'd just like to stop a minute and use your bathroom, 
maybe, to sort of try to clean up my clothes before my mother sees 
them.  They got kind of messed up on the way home from school." 

      It was very hard for Susie to talk with the dog's strong tongue 
now nearing her matted pussy hairs. 

      "Certainly, child.  Come right in and we'll see what we can do 
for you.  Rover!  Stop that!  I don't know what's got into you.  
Leave Susie alone!" 

      She opened the screen door and stepped aside to let Susie 
pass.  Rover followed quickly.  The stains on the young girl's 
clothes very very strange, and Mrs. Reynolds could not understand 
why her dog was so intent to get under Susie's skirt, nor why the 
girl did not seem to protest.  As the door slammed behind them, 
the dog once more pushed his head right under Susie's short skirt, 
lifting it enough so that Mrs. Reynolds could see the young girl's 
naked behind.  A strange feeling shot through her, one she tried to 
repress. 

      "But how on earth did your clothes get this way, Susie?  I've 
never seen anything like it.  And why aren't you wearing panties?" 

      Susie reflected a moment, then decided to be honest.  There 
really was no other way to explain everything.  If Mrs. Reynolds 
was too shocked she might tell her mother, but something in the 
older woman's attitude suggested to Susie that her secret would be 
safe.  She wanted to see how the other woman would react, though 
she couldn't say exactly why. 

      "Well, I guess it's mostly come.  I've been fucking a lot on the 
way home from school.  Usually I get undressed, but sometimes 
there just isn't time.  That's why I got rid of my panties to save 
time." 

      Lorna Reynolds didn't believe her ears.  The muscles in her 
stomach contracted, her face flushed,  and her breathing became 
difficult.  Fucking!  This sweet young girl!  And talking about it 
so openly.  It had to be true, too, she thought, looking more 
closely at the stains and breathing in the odor that surrounded the 
young girl.  Come.  It couldn't be anything else.  And there was 
Rover, trying to lick it up, and Susie was letting him.  It was 
incredible.  She didn't know what to say. 

      "But . . . your boyfriend?  What does he . . .?" she stammered, 
not knowing what she wanted to ask. 

      "Oh, I don't have a boy-friend, Mrs. Reynolds.  Mom says that 
I'm too young to date.  So I usually just fuck with men I meet on 
the way home." 

      Rover was still trying to push his head under Susie's skirt.  His 
cold nose  ran over her wet pussy lips, bumping against her 
clitoris and making Susie gasp.  Lorna Reynolds could see what 
was happening, but she could not believe it.  She stared in 
horrified fascination at the dog's head moving enthusiastically 
under the young girl's skirt.  She knew that this was horrible, that 
she should put a stop to it right away, but she couldn't.  Some 
strange tension filled her body. 

      "But . . you're so young.  I can't believe . . . I mean who? . . . 
why? . . . how?" 

      Susie could see Mrs. Reynolds excitement and she wanted to 
see what would happen next.  Calmly, she began telling of the 
adventures that had befallen her so far today on her way home 
from school.  Of course she didn't name names.  Susie was very 
discreet--she certainly would never mention Mr. Reynolds.  And 
while she talked, she caressed Rover's head as he began to lap at 
her juicy pussy. 

      Lorna could take no more.  With a little moan of frustrated 
passion she pulled the girl away from the dog and pushed her 
towards the bathroom, hoping to escape the demons that were 
bedeviling her.  Her mind was full of images of big cocks sliding 
into Susie's girlish cunt.  It upset her and excited her terribly.  She 
didn't know why, but her husband had scarcely made love to her 
more than once or twice in the past month.  Now, her unreleased 
sexual tensions were making her tremble.

      While she had been at university she had had a brief lesbian 
affair with her room-mate one year.  It had not lasted long.  Both 
had found boyfriends quickly.  But it had been sweet and 
satisfying.  The memories came flooding back as she looked over 
Susie's luscious body.  Her pussy ached. 

      Angrily, she pushed the protesting dog out of the bathroom, 
but they could both hear him whining behind the door.  Susie said 
nothing, merely smiled and waited.  She could tell that this was 
going to be another wonderful adventure. 

      "O.K. now let's get those clothes off.  We'll put them in the 
sink to soak, then we can just pop them into the dryer.  If we need 
it, I can get out my iron.  You'll soon be good as new." 

      Her voice was strained and her gestures awkward and stiff as 
she reached out to help Susie with her clothes.  Her hands brushed 
nervously against the sides of the young girl's breasts as she pulled 
the T-shirt over her head, noting with suppressed excitement the 
traces of many hands where the fabric bulged around the swelling 
titties.  Lorna's mouth watered when she saw those two delicious 
mounds.  She bent to help pull the hopelessly wrinkled and 
stained skirt off those lovely legs.  Her face was right in front of 
Susie's delicate young pussy.  Its pink lips, still swollen  from her 
fucking with Mr. Vastos, gleamed with Rover's saliva.  Lorna 
could see spots of dried come that matted the silken hairs framing 
the delicious slit.  She wanted to plunge her face into that 
marvelous valley, taste it with her own lips.  But she could not 
bring herself to do it. 

      Slowly and reluctantly getting to her feet, she took the two 
discarded pieces of clothing and dropped them into the sink.  
Mechanically she sprinkled them with soap powder and ran the 
water.  She had to get away or she would do something foolish. 

      "Here, Susie.  You look after this.  I'll go and find you 
something to wear in the meantime." 

      It hurt to tear herself away from that lovely body.  Maybe if 
she's dressed, it will be easier, she thought.  Her mind did not 
want to let her give in to her desires.  All that had been long ago 
in the past.  Now she was a married woman, respectable 
housewife.  She should be reprimanding Susie, not lusting after 
her.  But she couldn't stop the ache in her loins. 

      As soon as Lorna had hurried away, Rover managed to push 
his way into the bathroom.  Susie was leaning over the sink, 
washing out her clothes.  When she felt the dog's cold nose again 
on her warm flesh, she gasped and leaned over even further, 
thrusting her ass back at him to give him access to her slit.  The 
dog began licking feverishly, sending his whole muzzle deep 
between her ass cheeks, sweeping his rough tongue from her 
pussy to her asshole, slurping up the remains of the gallons of 
come that had been squirted into Susie that afternoon.  Susie 
squirmed her ass and sighed in pleasure. 

      When Lorna Reynolds returned with a bathrobe in her hand, 
she stopped outside the open door, hypnotized by the shocking 
sight in front of her.  She couldn't move.  The bathrobe dropped 
from her hand, and that same hand pressed tightly against her 
crotch and began rubbing.  Susie suddenly cried out in pleasure.  
The dog's licking had already pushed her to an orgasm. 

      "Susie!  Rover!  Stop that!  How can you let him do that, 
Susie!  It's horrible, and I won't have it." 

      "What?  Oh, I didn't notice," said Susie, turning to face her, 
letting the older woman take in a full view of her naked breasts 
and pussy.  "But don't be mad at Rover.  he was only playing.  I 
don't mind." 

      Lorna pushed the dog away, even more angrily this time.  She 
was aroused and jealous and she was trying desperately to fight 
both feelings.  Seeing the dog with his tongue between Susie's ass 
cheeks only made her desires seem that much more horrible and 
animalistic.  Susie was sorry to see the dog go.  Not only had his 
tongue felt so good on her pussy, but she had just noticed the long, 
red cock that had appeared beneath his belly.  Even though it 
looked very different from any of the men's organs she had 
known, it was undeniably a cock, and Susie hated the idea of 
being so close to a hard cock that wasn't in her body someplace.  
Since there were always lots of men willing to fuck her, Susie had 
never even considered the possibility of animals.  Now she did and 
the very idea excited her enormously.  But she couldn't very well 
tell Mrs. Reynolds that she wanted to fuck her dog.  Or could she?  
Mrs. Reynolds was looking at her very strangely. 

      "Here.  My God!  Your whole body is covered with that stuff.  
How many times did you . . . no, never mind, don't answer.  Just 
let me wash you off." 

      Lorna began to rub at Susie's skin with a wet washcloth.  Over 
her breasts and down across her belly to the mound of her pussy, 
then around and over the firm cheeks of her ass, then back to her 
proud young titties. The friction only added to Susie's excitement.  
She had already been brought to the boiling point by the dog.  
Now the lady of the house was making her boil over.  Suddenly a 
small orgasm rippled through her.  Susie closed her eyes and 
moaned. 

      When she opened them again, Lorna Reynolds was kneeling 
on the bathroom floor in front of her.  The washcloth lay on the 
floor forgotten.  The older woman's eyes were glazed.  Slowly she 
leaned forward and touched her lips to Susie's pussy.  Instinctively 
Susie grasped at her head.  Few of the men she had known had 
done anything like that, and their lips were so different that it was 
another experience altogether.  Susie wanted more of it.  Lorna's 
hands moved up to clutch the firm contours of Susie's ass.  She 
buried her face in the young girl's pussy and began madly sucking 
and licking. 

      Over and over again Susie's pussy exploded into orgasm under 
the woman's tongue.  Her legs grew weak, her vision blurred.  
While Lorna frantically worked at her pussy with lips and tongue, 
Susie sank slowly to the bathroom floor, lost in a fog of pleasure 
such as she had never known before.  Then the kissing stopped. 

      Lorna pulled the dazed young girl to her feet and led her 
quickly to the bedroom.  She did not see an eager Rover follow 
them.  Susie lay back on the bed as the older woman hurriedly 
striped off her own clothes.  But while she was doing so the dog 
suddenly leaped up onto the bed.  Without thinking, Susie reached 
out and pulled him over her.  His hairy belly rubbed sensuously 
against hers; his panting jaws fell between the twin hills of her 
titties; his long, red cock throbbed against her thigh.  

      "No Susie . . . Rover!  No! No! You can't!" the woman cried 
out. 

      But Susie couldn't stop herself.  Before Lorna's horrified and 
fascinated eyes, she reached down and set the dog's hard cock 
right at the entrance to her cunt.  Despite the bizarre position, 
Rover reacted to the heat of her pussy lips on the end of his cock 
and, with one quick thrust, drove his dog prick deep into Susie's 
cunt.  The girl let out a cry of delight and clutched his head to her 
breasts.  His cock felt so hot within her it almost burned her pussy.  
It was so different from a man's and so good.  The dog's rear end 
worked away like a jack-hammer, frantically pounding his long, 
thin cock into her as if she were a bitch in heat.  Which she was. 

      It was wonderful.  Susie writhed beneath her doggie lover, 
loving the feel of his fur, his claws on her, relishing most of all 
that incredible rapid-fire cock plunging into her like no man had 
ever done.  Lorna could only watch.  Never, in her wildest dreams 
had she imagined such a scene.  Her fingers dug into her cunt, 
already leaking the juices of her passion, while her pet ploughed 
his animal cock into the sweet pussy she had just kissed.  Susie's 
moans of pleasure drowned out all other sounds until the dog 
suddenly began to yelp and whine strangely.  Susie hugged him 
even closer as she felt his cock jump within her and begin to shoot 
its fierce jets of dog-come into her all-devouring cunt.  When she 
felt the knob of his cock swell up to gigantic proportions within 
her, Susie burst into another orgasm and blacked out from the 
overwhelming wave of pleasure that flooded over her. 

      When she awoke a few seconds later the dog was gone, though 
her body was still quivering in the after-effects of his fucking.  
Instead of his fur against her skin she felt the warm smooth flesh 
of Lorna Reynolds.  Susie was so happy with her wonderful new 
experience that she impulsively threw her arms around the woman 
and kissed her lips.  

      Lorna was on fire.  She had never felt so aroused and horny.  
Passionately she kissed Susie back on the lips, plunging her 
tongue into the surprised young girl's mouth.  Then she moved her 
impassioned  lips to the girl's tantalizing titties.  In a frenzy of lust 
she licked and kissed those delicious mounds, biting at the nipples 
that shot into sudden erection as Susie felt arousal building in her 
again.  Lorna wanted more than anything to plunge her face back 
into Susie's pussy, but the knowledge that it was now running over 
with dog come both excited her and repelled her.  She didn't know 
what to do so she continued to gorge herself on the flesh of Susie's 
breasts. 

      Susie solved the problem for her.  Twisting around on the bed, 
she rubbed her face against the older woman's large, heavy 
breasts, suckling at the big rubbery nipples as she had done at her 
mother's not too many years before.  Then she kissed her way 
down across Lorna's round belly, nuzzling at her navel, before 
unhesitatingly plunging her face into the dripping mass of hair 
between the older woman's widespread thighs. 

      Only once before had Susie had sex with a woman, and she 
had liked it very much.  Miss Betterton, her phys-ed teacher, had 
fucked her almost to death with a huge plastic cock before asking 
Susie to suck at her cunt.  While it was nothing at all like taking a 
big fat cock into her mouth, Susie had quite happily licked away 
at the fragrant pussy until her teacher was ready to plunge the big 
dildo into her again.  But she had never touched Susie's cunt with 
her mouth--only her hands and the grotesque plastic dildo. 

      Lorna Reynolds did not have a dildo, but she did have an 
active tongue and an overpowering thirst for the juices of Susie's 
pussy.  As soon as Susie's tongue touched her cunt lips, she forgot 
about the dog come and began licking wildly at the girl's dripping 
cunt.  The idea that her dog had just fucked that tiny hole, that she 
was probably sucking up a dog's come was so indescribably filthy 
that it plunged her into an erotic trance where every touch of 
Susie's tongue on her pussy sent new shudders of delight through 
her body.  Susie slurped happily on the juices that flowed so 
copiously from this housewife's cunt, reveling in the sensation of a 
tongue in her own pussy.  Her delirium was not in the same 
league as that of Lorna Reynolds, however.  Something was 
missing. 

      The woman and the young girl rolled about wildly on the bed, 
heads locked to pussies.  Being smaller and lighter, Susie usually 
ended up on top.  Their first paroxysms had been dissolved in a 
dozen orgasms and they were both now quietly kissing each 
other's pussies, feeling the pressure begin to build again.  Only 
then did Susie become aware of something else caressing her skin.  
Rover had been eagerly licking indiscriminately at their joined 
and sweaty bodies while they rolled about in their passionate 
frenzy, not noticing anything but each other. 

      When Susie lifted her face for a moment from Lorna's 
enveloping cunt, she caught sight of the dog's cock flopping again 
beneath his belly.  She wanted it.  She tried to reach it with her 
mouth but the dog had already moved away.  Lorna's moans of 
frustration sent Susie back to licking enthusiastically on the older 
woman's juicy cunt, but she tried at the same time to push her 
round little ass higher in the air and wiggle it to attract the dog's 
attention. 

      It worked.  Soon the dog was licking at those ripe globes, 
pressing his narrow snout as far into Susie's ass crack as he could.  
His long tongue sometimes slipped over an unheeding Lorna's 
forehead, sometimes poked at Susie's asshole.  Then she felt the 
sharp prick of the dog's claws digging into her skin  as the animal 
awkwardly tried to climb on top of the tangled pile of human 
bodies.  The white cheeks of Susie's ass, raised high in the air, 
triggered some instinctive mechanism in his head and soon he 
was straddling her body, poking at her hips with his hard cock, 
trying to find an opening to plunge it into.  One desperate lunge 
sent his cock skidding down Susie's ass crack and in alongside 
Lorna's nose where it was caught between the older woman's face 
and the cheeks of Susie's ass.  He moved in and out of that warm 
channel for a few strokes before his long red prick flopped free 
again.  Rover continued pumping furiously, bouncing his hard 
prick off Susie's tender ass, almost bruising her with the strength 
of his lunges.  But he could not find an opening. 

      Susie moaned in frustration.  The dog couldn't find her hole.  
Lorna's face completely covered her pussy, and her tiny little 
asshole was too small a target.  Lorna had felt the heat of the dog's 
hard prick as it rubbed against her cheek, but she did not know 
what it was.  She opened her dazed eyes and found herself looking 
directly at the dog's balls, as they swung back and forth with his 
every lunge.  When she realized what it was, she turned her eyes 
up and watched in horror as the hard red prong pounded the 
young girl's ass.  Now that Lorna had stopped licking, Susie 
wanted the dog's prick more than ever. 

      "Oh help him!  Help him, please, Mrs. Reynolds.  Oh please 
help him put it in me.  Oh I want it so much.  Lick me, suck me, 
too.  Don't stop.  Only help him!  Help me, please!" 

      But Lorna could do nothing.  It was too horrible.  She closed 
her eyes and began to suck on Susie's delicious pussy again, trying 
to shut out of her mind the vision of the dog's long, red cock.  
Susie squirmed against her tongue and Rover continued to thrust.  
Finally he found the target.  Susie gasped as the head of the dog's 
cock pushed suddenly against her asshole.  She pushed back 
against it and it popped right inside.  Then, as Rover whined 
excitedly, his furious thrusts drove the entire length of his prick 
into Susie's receptive ass. 

      Every once in a while the dog's balls brushed over Lorna's 
forehead.  She could feel the bristly hair and the inhuman heat of 
his flesh but she tried to pretend it wasn't there.  She could feel 
that Susie had stopped sucking her, and she moaned unhappily, 
but she couldn't stop herself from wanting to keep her lips glued 
to that wonderful young pussy, no matter what awful things were 
happening.  But every time she felt the dog's balls rub over her 
head, she shuddered violently and sucked even harder on Susie's 
pussy 

      Susie had stopped licking because, soon after Rover had 
finally penetrated her ass, she had heard someone else come into 
the room.  She cried out as Rover thrust particularly deep into her 
and opened her eyes.  Ralph Reynolds stood there in the doorway 
in shocked silence, watching the obscene trio on the bed.  After 
the last few weeks, nothing Susie did in the realm of sex would 
have surprised him, but he had never imagined the sweet young 
girl being screwed by a large hairy dog.  His dog.  And his wife.  
He didn't believe it, but his cock did.  It throbbed with sudden 
urgency in his pants.  Susie's lust-dazed eyes were focused right 
on his crotch and she licked her lips even as the tongue in her 
pussy and the dog cock in her ass drove her to another orgasm. 

      Ralph dropped his briefcase and fumbled frantically with his 
zipper.  In a few seconds he was on the bed with them, kneeling 
between his wife's outstretched legs, squatting over Susie's face 
and feeding his hardening cock between her lips.  Susie sucked 
voraciously as he began driving in and out of her mouth.  Every 
thrust pressed Susie's chin against Lorna's clitoris, and let his 
balls slap against his wife's cunt lips.  The sight of the dog below 
him, digging his claws desperately into Susie's back as he drove 
his prick into her asshole was incredibly exciting. 

      Ralph Reynolds fucked her throat, Rover was furiously 
pounding his dog-cock into her asshole, and Lorna Reynolds was 
sucking more desperately than ever at her cunt.  It was too good to 
be true, but Susie welcomed them all.  Her body convulsed with 
pleasure.  Her titties dug into Lorna's stomach while the woman's 
larger, softer breasts pressed against her.  Rover was shuttling his 
long hard cock in and out of her asshole faster and faster while 
she sucked avidly at the cock buried in her throat. 

      Then Rover barked wildly and his cock jerked deep in Susie's 
ass as he sent sharp jets of come into her for the second time.  His 
swelling cock stretched her asshole deliciously, especially when he 
tried to immediately pull it out.  As the dog scrambled from her 
body, his still dribbling cock was dragged over Lorna's face, 
leaving a trail of sticky dog-come on her forehead and in her hair.  
Lorna felt it and shuddered into her own orgasm at the thought of 
what it was.  

      Susie concentrated her efforts on the prick that filled her 
mouth.  Ralph was so aroused by the scene that he couldn't hold 
back.  He grabbed Susie's head and plunged his cock as far into 
her throat as he could, holding it there as it throbbed and spurted 
its load directly into her belly.  Then he pulled it back and Susie 
sucked happily on the shrinking cockhead until it became too 
painful for him and he had to pull it out.  Rover sat in a corner, 
licking at himself.  The two women were left alone, still entangled 
in their passionate sixty-nine.  With no other distractions they 
both brought each other to yet another orgasm before they fell 
limply apart.  Ralph watched them, lying wearily side-by-side on 
the bed, lazily showering kisses on each other's pussies.  But these 
were kisses of gratitude, not passion. 

      When she looked up and saw her husband standing there with 
his limp and dripping cock hanging out of his pants, Lorna was 
shocked and totally confused.  She hadn't even known he was 
there, too lost in Susie's pussy and thoughts of the dog to notice 
the late addition to their games.  A pang of jealousy shot through 
her.  Susie must have sucked her husband's cock.  But jealousy 
was quickly replaced by fear.  She had been caught completely 
naked, sucking the cunt of a thirteen-year old girl, sucking dog-
come out of that cunt.  And she, the responsible adult, had let it 
all happen.  What would her husband say or do?  What could she 
say?  Would she go to jail?  How would she ever live down the 
shame of it all?  And what was worse, would it never happen 
again? 

      Ralph said nothing.  The same sort of thoughts had run 
through his head at first.  Now he had other ideas.  He slowly 
undressed.  Rover sat in his corner and watched.  Susie's eyes 
went from husband to wife.  What was going to happen?  
Whatever it was, she was ready for it. 

      What happened was the following:  Ralph Reynolds sat on the 
bed between the two women.  At his suggestion Susie took his 
cock into her mouth again and began sucking it back to life.  Mrs. 
Reynolds couldn't resist the sight of Susie's round white ass in the 
air and, with her husband's blessing, she began sucking, this time 
at the girl's asshole, savoring the viscous liquid that flowed from 
it.  Before Ralph was ready to come he pulled his cock from 
Susie's mouth and pushed  his wife away from the girl's ass.  Then 
he knelt behind her and plunged his cock into her cunt, fucking 
her as vigorously as he had that morning over the hood of their 
ancient Ford.  Susie squirmed about until she could get her mouth 
on Lorna's twat, and sucked the wife's pussy while the husband 
reamed her cunt from behind.  When Ralph finally spilled his load 
into her belly, both Susie and Lorna were quivering with orgasm. 

      The three of them sat and talked then about what had 
happened.  Lorna was so ashamed she could hardly speak.  She 
didn't even look at the other two as Susie tried to tell her that it 
had all been wonderful and perfectly natural.  Neither Susie nor 
Ralph mentioned their meetings in the garage--it didn't seem 
appropriate.  Rover came back unnoticed to the bed and suddenly 
thrust his long tongue into Lorna's gleaming pussy.  With a 
horrified cry she pushed the dog away and leaped to her feet.  
Susie's clothes, she babbled.  She had forgotten all about them.  
Susie started to get up but Lorna insisted on going herself.  She 
had to get away from Rover.  She couldn't let herself give into 
such horrible lusts.  

      When she returned a few minutes later, she found Susie 
kneeling on the floor over Rover's body, with his long red cock 
deep in her throat.  Behind her, Ralph was plunging his re-
invigorated cock into the girl's asshole.  While Lorna watched 
jealously, the dog erupted in Susie's throat and the man exploded 
in her ass.  Susie happily swallowed everything they had to give 
her. 

      Neither man nor dog was capable of more, but Lorna was 
terribly excited again.  She got on her knees and sucked her 
husband's come from Susie's ass while the young girl cleaned the 
man's cock and balls with her questing tongue.  When Rover 
began licking at his mistress's ass, she was too overcome with lust 
to make him stop--or even to want him to stop.  Later Susie 
helped the dog mount a kneeling and trembling Lorna and fuck 
her to a mighty climax while her husband fed his limp cock to her 
voracious lips. 

      Finally it was time for Susie to go.  Mrs. Reynolds could only 
watch in limp exhaustion as Susie slipped into her sparkling clean 
clothes.  Susie kissed the husband and wife goodbye, hugged the 
dog and headed out into the twilight, leaving the three of them on 
the soiled and messy bed.  The Reynolds family would never be 
the same again.  

      She was very late.  Her mother would be worried, then angry, 
Susie knew.  But she didn't mind.  It had been a lovely walk home 
from school.  Even nicer than yesterday when she had met that 
motorcycle gang.  She bounced happily into the house. 

      "Hi Mom! I'm home!" 

      "At last!  Where on earth have you been?  You know how I 
worry when you're late.  And you've missed supper." 

      "Oh, I just stopped to talk to some people.  And I played with 
the Reynolds' dog.  Nothing special.  Don't bother about supper, 
I'm not really hungry.  I had some hot-dogs to eat." 

      "Nothing special?  You've been coming home later and later 
the past few months.  I don't know what's gotten into you lately." 

      Susie laughed and her father looked pained.  She knew exactly 
what had got into her and it had been great.  But tomorrow was 
another day.  She could hardly wait. 


                                                 The End 
