                            AFTER THE GAME
                            --------------


    Charles Collins  opened the  note with a trembling hand. "I'll see
you after  the game",  it said.  "Don't get  changed." The note wasn't
signed, but  he knew  exactly who  it was  from, for he had repeatedly
asked his  friend Peter to go up to the barn with him after rugby. To-
day, at  last, Peter  had agreed,  and Charles knew that the moment he
had longed for was close.

    The game  seemed endless;  at half-time, Charles would gladly have
walked off  the pitch, even though the score was level and his chances
of selection  for Saturday's  match hung  on the outcome. His mind was
elsewhere, however,  and more than once his captain had shouted to him
"Charlie! Wake  up!" as  his eyes  had wandered  to the  touch-line in
search of  his friend. Every scrum seemed to bring temptation - a wan-
dering hand, the faint smell of youthful bodies. But Charles knew that
he must wait, patiently, and that it would be worth it.

    At last,  the whistle  blew. "Don't change" the note had said - so
he stayed  in his  rugby kit  and headed  off for  the pavilion. There
stood Peter, a little away from the others, and as soon as he decently
could, Charles  left the  team and  headed in Peter's direction. "Come
on, Charlie", he said, "We have to be back by five, and it's half-past
three now."  So the  two of  them set  off for  the Barn - an isolated
building on  the school  farm, unused  nowadays except  by lovers  and
sometimes by those seeking a quiet place for a cigarette.

    It was  ten minutes  walk from  big field,  and Charles  and Peter
walked fast.  As they  got out  of sight,  Peter  put  his  arm  round
Charles' waist,  and as  they rounded  the corner  of  a  field,  they
stopped and  Peter pulled  Charles to  him. They kissed - a long, pas-
sionate kiss which expressed all the unsaid things which they had felt
for the  three months during which they had shared a study. As Peter's
tongue explored  Charles' mouth, their eyes met and their young bodies
pressed hungrily  together. "Come on, then" said Charles, pulling away
and grabbing his friend's hand.

    They ran to the barn, and hurried inside. All was quiet, and in no
time at  all Peter  was on  his knees  in front  of Charles. His hands
stroked Charles' bare legs, slid up inside Charles' shorts and fondled
his thighs.  Quickly he unbuttoned Charles' shorts and slid them down,
and he  kissed the front of his friend's jockstrap, running his tongue
all round  and through  Charles' sparse pubic hair. With both hands he
pulled the  jockstrap down,  and exposed Charles' stiff penis: Charles
took off  his rugger  jersey and stood nearly naked, blond and godlike
in his  muscular nudity.  Off came  the boots, socks and the rest, and
Peter's lips  closed round the erect prick. Charles felt that he could
have popped there and then, but he knew that he must restrain himself,
and after  a minute  or two  he withdrew from Peter's mouth, bent down
and eased Peter to his feet.

    Embracing him,  he whispered  "Now you  undress", and  slipped his
hands down  the back  of his friend's trousers, grasping the firm but-
tocks. Peter  quickly released his belt and unzipped his flies, and as
Charles knelt down, his friend's trousers slid down to his ankles, and
with them  his pants.  Peter's cock  was,  if  anything,  harder  than
Charles', and  Charles took  it eagerly  in his  mouth. Peter  quickly
stripped off the rest of his clothes and stood proudly nude as Charles
sucked him. After a minute or two, Charles came up for air - "Lets lie
down" he  said, and they lay on the hay which remained on the floor of
the barn.  It was  quite cool that afternoon, but the two fifteen-year
olds did not notice. They were quite hot!

    Each took  his friend's  cock in  his mouth,  and played  with his
balls. Neither  of them had sucked a boy before - their sexual experi-
ence was  limited to  wanking and mutual exploration after dark in the
dormitory -  but both  took to it at once, and both boys' cocks disap-
peared into  their mouths  with regular thrusts. Peter began to grunt,
and Charles  knew that he was about to come; Charles felt the sap ris-
ing too,  and their  thrusts synchronised.  Suddenly, with an enormous
sense of  delight, Charles felt the spunk shooting up his cock. He dug
it deep  into his  friend's mouth and shot, just as Peter was shooting
his load  too. Both boys enjoyed a mouthful of cum, and both enjoyed a
fantastic sensation of satisfaction as they pumped the spunk into each
other.

    When it  was all  over, they  rested for  ten  minutes,  and  then
Charles said  "Well, was  it what you expected?" "Better," replied Pe-
ter. "I  know we must go back, but we must come here again - or can we
do it in the study, now we know what we really like?" "I'll do it any-
where, with you," said Charles.
