Then there was one day, we'd just come in from work and went upstairs to
the bedroom to change.  We weren't really taking any notice of each other, 
you know how it is .... anyway, I was (unintentionally) standing in front
of the mirror atop the dresser.  I undid the buttons on my blouse, slipped
it off, stood there in my black lace bra while i unzipped the back of my
skirt.  Because its a bit snug over the hips, I had to sort of wiggle it
down and it fell to the floor.  I stepped out of it and stood there in my
bra, stockings, black garter belt, black satin panties and my red heels.
When I looked in the mirror I noticed he had been watching me.  He came
over, and without saying anything, turned me so that I was leaning on the
edge of the dresser and we could both see ourselves in the mirror.  He
pulled my panties down and I stepped out of them slowly, teasing him.
Next I arched my back a bit, stuck my tits out for him to see ... my
nipples were hard and visible through the lace, and I leaned up a bit
on my toes.  I was ready.....  

He had freed his cock and teased me with it by rubbing it back and forth
against my wet pussy.  I was moaning low to myself and moving slightly
to meet his cock.  I wanted him in me, wanted him to fuck me, hard, so
I bent over hoping the sight of my bare ass waiting for him would entice
him in.  It worked.  He eased his cock in.  God, it was unbelievable it
felt so good.  I loved feeling every sensation as he slid in, then out
slowly, then in again.  I couldn't stand too much more, I needed to come.
I started moving against him harder and harder.  He took his cue and
began fucking me as hard as he could.  The sight of us in the mirror
put me over the edge.  I arched my back once more so that he was plunging
as deeply as possible into me, and with his hands on my shoulders pulling
me back to him, we both exploded.  It came in waves, I felt my legs wanting
to give way, and instantly I knew I wanted to taste him and me on him, so 
I spun around, dropped to my knees and caught his throbbing cock in my
mouth.   mmmm...I love the salty taste, the last of his come mixed with
the taste of my own cunt.... he held the back of my head to him and I licked
him clean.  With my pussy dripping and my mouth satisfied I collapsed on
the floor, warm, sleepy, and looking forward to later when I knew there 
would have to be more ...
