       AIRSTART By NixPixer FEATHER BENDER  (303-920-1263
Once  upon a time, in an apartment complex in a distant  town,  I
received  my very first successful airstart.  Since I was of  the 
advanced  age of thirty, this came as quite an overdue  pleasure.  
I had been dating the girl of my dreams (wet and dry) for several 
months, and we had fucked and sucked on many occasions, but I had 
never been able to fully relax and let myself go (er, cumm).  But 
this night was different.

I  arrived  home  from  school about 9,  and  when  I  opened  my 
apartment  door  I  knew right away that this was to  be  a  GOOD 
night.   Just  inside  the door were  Julie's  shoes.   A  litter 
farther  in were here stockings.  Still farther, her skirt,  then 
blouse  as I made the turn toward the bedroom.  Panties  and  bra 
made  up  the last "steps" to the bed, where I  saw  something  I 
never will forget.  Julie was lying with her back on the pillows, 
propped up against the headboard, with her ankles crossed  behind 
her  neck!  She was sucking a pale yellowish liquid from  a  long 
plastic  tube  (which  must  have come from  the  lab  where  she 
worked).  The tube wound around her right leg two or three times, 
and  disappeared  into the curly blonde hair  around  her  pussy.  
What a sight!  What a shock!!  What a turn-on!!!
At  this point, my heart was in my throat.  She smiled and  asked 
if I'd care for some champagne.  Confused, I looked around for  a 
moment until she said "no, silly, here!.", and she handed me  the 
tube.   I hesitated, but then figured, what the hell, and  sucked 
on the tube.  To my surprise, it was champagne, although a little 
warm  for my taste.  "How?", I asked.  She reached down to  where 
the  end of the tube entered her pussy hair, and spread the  lips 
of her pussy apart, revealing a big red party balloon, which  she 
had  filled with a little champagne, inserted the  plastic  tube, 
and closed it off with a rubber band.  Gloriosky!!!
By  now I was pretty hot, and started to get undressed.  But  she 
insisted that we must finish drinking and have something to  eat, 
so I stopped with just my shirt and pants on.  She said she had a 
special  surprise  for me for dinner.  After her trick  with  the 
balloon I was eager to fine out what was next!
I  did not have to wait long.  We finished the "cuntpagne"  in  a 
few minutes, as there wasn't much.  "Bring me our dinner from the 
pot  on the stove" she said, "Dry it off first."  I went  to  the 
stove  where  I  found a giant foot long  tightly  curved  polish 
sausage in a pot of warm water.  I think I knew what was  cumming 
(excuse me, coming) next.
As  I returned with the bag, Julie removed the balloon  and  tube 
from her pussy with a jerk, which made a sound like pulling  your 
foot out of deep mud.  "SLURP".  With a big smile on her face and 
a  look  that said she knew that she had me  under  her  complete 
control,  she  began  licking the balloon,  slowly  cleaning  her 
juices from it.  I almost dropped the sausage!
When she finished with the balloon, she said "Sit here on the bed 
and  kiss  me while I finish warming that sausage  for  you".   I 
handed it to her and sat down.  She took it with just the tips of 
her  fingers  and  caressed  that big thing as  if  it  were  her 
favorite  prick.   Then, with that "now I've got  you"  look  she 
raised the sausage to her mouth, and licked around the end of it.  
Then  she  slowly  ran the end down her left leg  from  where  it 
passed  by her head toward her pussy.  When the  sausage  reached 
her  pussy hair, she slowed to where it was almost not moving  at 
all.  "This is it", I thought, "She's going to stick it in!"  But 
she had other plans.  She ever so slowly ran that sausage up  and 
down her pussy lips several times, and then moved it up her right 
leg  back to her mouth, where she began licking it again.   "Ever
wish  you were Polish?", she asked.  I laughed, and  reached  for 
the  sausage, but she said "Not yet!  I have to warm  it  first."  
She  then ran the sausage down her leg as before, but  this  time 
she  slowly put it inside her pussy.  One inch, then two,  three, 
four, until almost the entire thing was inside.  She pulled me to 
her, and we kissed hot and deep.  But I couldn't get that sausage 
off  my mind.  "Are you hungry?", Julie asked.  "I guess  so",  I 
squeaked.  "I know I want something!!!"
She  took  hold of my face, and guided it down  to  the  sausage.  
"Chow  Baby", she laughed.  "Eat up."  I took the sausage  in  my 
teeth,  and as I bit down, looking up at her, I had the  funniest 
feeling that what I was doing wasn't all that different than what 
a cocksucker does.
At  that  point, I decided to inject a little change of  my  own.  
Instead  of just eating the sausage, I began sucking it into  and 
blowing  it out of my mouth, making it go in and out  of  Julie's 
pussy.  Then I added a little back and forth motion of my head to 
provide greater stroke length.  Julie liked it, a lot!  I think I 
could have made her cumm, but I got so excited that I bit through 
the skin of the sausage, and it tasted so good that I  remembered 
how hungry I actually was.
Julie  put her legs down over my back, and I laid there  and  ate 
several bites of that sausage, giving Julie a few strokes with it 
for good measure.  I bit off a few bites for Julie, and she  made 
quite a show of eating them, running her tongue around the pieces 
and sucking the meat into her mouth.  I was impressed by just how 
hot  that  sausage  was, particularly the  parts  that  had  been 
deepest  inside  Julie.  And the taste was really  special.   But 
Julie always had great taste!
When we finished eating the sausage, we went to the kitchen,  got 
some  more  champagne  (cold, from  a  glass  [boring]),  kissed, 
touched, and Julie removed the last of my clothes as we  returned 
to the bed.
As  wonderful as the remarkably erotic supper treats had been,  I 
somehow sensed that Julie had some special purpose motivating her 
that night.  As I started to caress her body she took my hands in 
hers  and  looked me in the eyes and said "Lay back, and  let  me 
drive  tonight."  So I put two pillows under my head and  put  my 
arms at my side.  She kissed my eyelids, and my mouth. Not a hard 
passionate  kiss,  but  a  tender "I  love  you"  kiss  that  can 
frequently  be even more exciting than a hot tongue checking  all 
of your fillings.  It certainly was this night, maybe because  of 
the bizarre activities that preceded it.  I reached up and  began 
to fondle the large erect nipples of her small firm breasts,  and 
she  moaned  ever  so softly as she kissed my  neck.   I  ran  my 
fingers over her breasts in ever widening circles until I reached 
her  side.  She kissed her way down to where she was  licking  my 
nipples then, and I could only reach her shoulders and arms.
She looked up at me and said "I love you, and I want this to be a 
night  that you will always remember."  I said I loved  her  too, 
and  that  I was especially fond of the way she  cooked  sausage.  
She said it was time to be serious and to enjoy our love and  our 
passion.  "I want you to be so comfortable with me that you  hold 
nothing  back."   I  knew she was referring  to  my  tendency  to 
tighten  up  emotionally when we were having any sort  of  sexual 
experience  beyond  the  basics, particularly if I  was  not  the 
"driver".
Then she ran her tongue slowly down my tummy, moving to the  left 
down  the  front of my leg, almost to the knee.   She  kissed  me 
gently on the inside of my thighs, as I had done for her so  many
times before.  I moved my legs apart, trying to look cool at  the 
same time.  She continued kissing my left leg, while caressing my 
right  leg with the tips of her fingers.  I was pretty  hot,  but 
also  getting nervous.  We'd been here (sort of) before, and,  if 
we  were  going  where  I  hoped  we  were,  we  had  never  been 
successful.   This time WAS different, though, maybe due  to  the 
"cuntpagne",  or  the  "Pussy  Kielbasa",  or  maybe  because  of 
something else.  I just wasn't as anxious or self conscious as  I 
had been before.
As her lips moved up my leg I could almost hear my blood pumping, 
but  I  kept  telling  myself to let  go,  and  not  worry  about 
anything.  "I LIKE your little dick", Julie said softly, "it fits 
my  mouth just right."  She took just the tip in her  lips,  then 
pushed  it  out with her tongue, and ran her tongue  down  to  my 
balls.   She  sucked ever so gently on my nuts, one  at  a  time, 
while  running her fingers up and down my dick.  Then she  kissed 
her way back up my cock.  When she got to the tip, she pushed the 
tip  of her tongue against the hole and made the end of  my  dick 
move  in  a  circular  motion.  It  felt  different,  maybe  even 
strange, but REAL GOOD.  Gradually, she began to take me into her 
mouth.   So very slowly that I could hardly keep from  trying  to 
help  by  pushing against her.  But I kept trying to  let  things 
happen her way, rather than trying to make things happen my  way.  
Eventually, she had almost all of me in her mouth, and she  began 
to back off.  Slowly out, slowly in, slowly out, slowly in.   She 
made  no sounds, she just reached up and took my hands  in  hers, 
gently  holding  me as if to say "I love you".  As  I  relaxed  a 
little, I could feel that old familiar tightening way down inside 
that  means  I'm  getting closer.  I began to  move,  but  caught 
myself  and  laid back, and just enjoyed the feeling.   Back  and 
forth   Julie's   head  went.   Sometimes  fast,   mostly   slow.  
Eventually, I could feel that tightening really taking hold,  and 
I noticed that I had begun to breathe heavier.  Julie could  tell 
that I was getting closer, and she picked up the pace.  She  also 
took  one  hand and put it around my cock and against  her  lips.  
That  felt even better.  Faster and faster she went,  harder  and 
harder  I breathed, tighter and tighter the muscles  got.   Then, 
almost  by  surprise, I came in her mouth.  It  seemed  like  the 
biggest  explosion I'd ever had.  I think I cried out  something, 
but  this  part  is a little hazy.  Julie  never  even  flinched, 
merely slowed the motion of her head and her hand, but she sucked 
even  harder.  She seemed to be pulling the cum out of  someplace 
way  down  deep inside of me.  It was the second best  feeling  I 
ever had.  The muscle spasms seemed to go on forever, but as they 
began  to subside, Julie stopped sucking and came up  beside  me.  
She looked happier than I could remember, her eyes were sparkling 
like  the  champagne we'd had earlier.  She pressed her  lips  to 
mine,  and as we kissed, I tasted what must have been some of  my 
cum, but I didn't care.
For  me, that night was a major milestone in my sexual  maturity.  
I discovered that I really could "let myself go", even if someone 
else  was in command of the situation.  I've had  other  exciting 
moments  since that night, but that one night sticks out  like  a 
stiff  peter  and  is by far the most significant  and  the  most 
memorable, just as Julie wanted it to be.
