Archive-name: Changes/al1.txt
Archive-author: Alicia
Archive-title: Al/Alicia  (transv)


To Miss Stephanie,


  It was almost time for Stephanie to get home and Alicia was getting warm
with excitement at the thought.  She was finishing the vacuuming, the
last of the housework that she had told her to do that day.  Nothing
thrilled her more than playing servant to the tall, imperious girl she
had married.  She was so beautiful and she loved her so much - that
kneeling in submission before her was the supreme pleasure in her life.
She had a hard-on in her tight panties, beneath the frilly white apron
that covered them, truly a slave of love to that girl.

  She heard the front door open and a tingle of titillation went through
her. Then she stepped into the living room : a gorgeous creature with
long dark hair.  She stood with hands on hips, watching her finish her
tasks, clad in the white silk blouse and neat black skirt she had worn
that day to the office where she was a rising young executive.  She had
a look of disapproval on her face as she stepped across the freshly
vacuumed carpet and dropped into an easy-chair.

  "I'm tired, Alicia," she sighed.  "it's been a hard day, one conference
after another.  And some of my underlings are no better than you.
Inefficient.  I have to do everything myself." She nodded, shutting off
the vacuum cleaner as she motioned for her to set it aside and come
to her.  "Remove my shoes," she snapped, "and then massage my feet."

  "Yes, Mistress," she said, hurrying over and addressing her in the
form she most liked to hear.  It thrilled her just to say those words,
the submissive words of a love slave, and she was soon on her knees at
her feet.

  With a feeling of reverence mixed with growing passion, Alicia lifted
one of the feet Stephanie offered her and caressed the well-polished
shoe.  She removed it,setting it aside, then took the stockinged foot
in the palm of her hands.  This was the finest prize she could imagine
as she stroked the smooth foot, admired the perfect form, then bent to
bestow a worshipful kiss.

  Stephanie moved forward in the chair, raising her black skirt as she
did so,then parting her legs.   "Get your head between my thighs,
Slave," she ordered her, "and eat my pussy."

  It was involuntary movement as Alicia nodded in submission, setting down
her foot to bend her body towards her wife.  As she moved closer to the
edge of the chair she pressed her face between the smooth, white pillars
of her thighs, getting an incredibly strong whiff of her passion.  Her
lips touched the soft succulent skin that covered the clefted little
mound of her pussy and the fragrance of her juices increased so strongly
that she suddenly thrust her tongue deep into her cunt and swallowed her
juices.  The more Alicia licked her wifes pussy, the hotter it felt and
her
juices were flowing even more.  She could hear her softly moaning above
her as she lapped away on her marvelous twat.

  She felt her quiver with a mild orgasm, and when that had passed she
heard her speak.  "Undress me, Alicia," she commanded; and it was an order
that never failed to excite her further.

  She came up from between her thighs with trembling fingers and reached
or the buttons that ran down the front of her white silk blouse.  She
undid them carefully, seeing the bulging white curves of her breasts as
the garment parted.  She stood, nearly kicking her aside as she did so,
and let the blouse fall over the soft curves of her shoulders.  Her
large, shapely breasts jiggled enticingly as she stared up at them.  She
put her moist fingers in the waistband of her black skirt, then pulled
it down over her slender ankles, and she stood before her nearly naked,
wearing only a black and red garter belt and the nylon stockings it
suspended.

  "Get my red negligee, Slave, "Stephanie said.

  "Yes, mistress," she replied gladly, scrambling for the bedroom, her
cock a stiff stick in her panties, impeding her progress.

    She returned with her finest negligee; and as she stood tall in the
middle of the living room she placed it reverently over her voluptuous
body. In her high heels she seemed to tower over her, her perfect
breasts bobbing beneath the see-through material of her negligee. The
rest they were able to do without speech, and soon Stephanie was seated
on their tan leather couch, legs and negligee parted, feet propped up
for comfort.

    Alicia knew what to do without being told. As Stephanie leaned back,
relaxing after her hard days work, her husband knelt between her legs
and pressed her aching mouth to the split mound of her pussy.  Her
tongue was like a flicking snake, caressing up and down the inner lips
of her pussy, then stimulating the pink nubbin of her clit. She had her
moaning with pleasure as she lapped the juices from deep inside her wet
pussy.

    When they were done, she ordered her to stand; and that's when she
noticed the stiffness of her rod. It tented out the front of her panties
poking up the white apron that covered her front.

    "Drop you panties," she ordered in a scolding tone of voice. "Look at
that lump in your panties, it's disgraceful."

    Afire with lust and excitement, Alicia undid the buckle of her belt,
unzipped her panties and slowly lowered them to the floor. Her rod sprang
free, huge and stiff and wavering in front of the tall imperious woman.
Stripping for her always excited her, made her feel somehow like a little
girl dropping her drawers before a beautiful woman teacher.

  Once her panties were off, Stephanie rose and stood over her in her high
heeled shoes. She knelt, looked up at the spread lips of her pussy and
quickly went to work. Her tongue was moving as rapidly as a piston in a
stock car as she licked her cunt lips up and down, then stimulated her
clit some more. When she had come, she ordered her to the couch, where
she sat with her rod sticking straight up from her naked lap.

  She came to her and straddled her legs, parting her thighs widely as
she settled into her lap. Her huge cock poked apart the delicate lips of
her pussy, and as she lowered her body to her the entire shaft of her
cock slid up her sheath. She rode slowly up and down on her dick, fucking
her, arousing her madly. Her prick was so hard that her upstroke brought
her from her lap to nearly a standing position, and when she went back
down again to engulf her bone, she shuddered from the feeling.

  She fucked her like that till she wanted some different stimulation on
the inside of her pussy, then carefully worked her way around till her
back was to her. Obediently she sat there letting her wife control the
movements of the fuck, her rod a stiff pole for her wifes pleasure.

  When she was through using her in that manner she rose off her, her
huge cock drawing slowly out of the wet slit of her cunt. She perched
on the arm of the couch and ordered her to rise. Alicia got up, her rod
sticking straight out, and she swung around in front of her. Then, as she
sat with one foot propped up, she had her stand in between her thighs,
probe into her pussy with the long shaft of her cock, and then fuck
gently in and out of her pussy. She was moaning with pleasure, sighing
with another orgasm, as she stroked in and out of her hot, tight hole.

    "Now I want you to really fuck me good, husband," she said with a
pleased smile as she drew her rod from her pussy.

   She got up and went to the couch, positioning herself on her hands
and knees. Alicia knew what to do. This was one of the most exciting ways
for them to fuck, a position that thrilled them both. She sat on the
couch behind her, her rod between her thighs and into the tight channel
of her pussy from the rear. Gripping her waist, she began to slide into
her. Her cock filled her hole tightly, the hotly lubricated channel of
her sweet young cunt.

  She fucked her again and again, till she came loudly, then dropped flat
to the couch. Alicia pulled out shooting her load all over her tight ass
then
rubbed it in. She was on her stomach for a long while, and when she awoke
it was to order her into the bedroom.

  Their bed chamber was a seductive room, with rust-hued walls and a
gorgeous bronze-like bedspread. They were quickly naked, except for
Stephanies garter belt and nylons, then lounged on the large bed. She
wanted some more of that doggie-style fucking that Alicia was giving her
on the couch, so she got on her hands and knees and ordered her to fuck
her. Gladly, her husband got in behind her on the bed on her knees and
stuck her rod up her cunt from behind. Then she shoved it in and out,
battering her shapely buttocks with her loins as she fucked her harder
and harder.

  When she withdrew, Stephanie rolled over onto her back, pulling her on
top of her. Her body was coated with sweat, her forehead beaded with
dewy perspiration and her rod as stiff as it had ever been in her life
as she mounted her. She tossed her head, moaning softly as she felt her
dick penetrate the soft barrier of her pussy. She was over her like a
real man now, aroused again to a fever pitch of maddened lust. She was
pounding her cock into her tight hole, fucking into her as hard as she
could, pistoning her pole as rapidly as possible.

  She knew she couldn't hold her come much longer, and even though she
jerked her dick out of her pussy in an effort to control it, she shot
off all over her stomach and everywhere. Stephanie loved it as she
felt burst after hot burst of her sticky cum splatter on her belly
and tits.

  They lay panting on the bed for some time, then rose and went to the
bathroom where they both washed themselves clean. They returned to the
bed chamber, as Stephanie threw on her negligee again. Together, they lay
in each others arms on the soft, bronzed bedspread, talking about the
lovemaking that had gone on before. They both agreed that it had been
good, at least as good as any time in the past. And the more they talked,
the more aroused they became again.

  Alicia's cock wasn't hard enough for her to fuck her again, but there
was
another way she could please her wife, and she suggested it! (Major
accomplishment here, everyone give her a big hand). Soon she was on her
back on the bed, her negligee wide open, her thighs spread to bare her
pussy. Alicia got on her stomach between her legs and pressed her lips to
her cunt lips. Soon she was sucking gently, and it wasn't long before she
was quaking from another orgasm. She continued her pleasant task, till
Stephanie laid back, still and satisfied.

  Then Alicia turned over onto her back, her dick semi-hard, fairly
begging
to be sucked back to full length. When her wife roused from the wonderful
stupor induced by her cunt-lapping, she got over her cock and fiddled with
it. The more she played with it the harder it got, till finally she slid
her lips over the head. It swelled up in her mouth, hardening as she
sucked,and in time her lips were gliding up and down the length of her
raging hard-on. She sucked for a long time, because she was able to
control
herself for quite a while.

  At last she came, shooting off and hitting the roof of her mouth with
her cum. She parted her lips, letting the stuff roll out. She loved the
taste of Alicia's cum in her mouth, loved the sensation of the stuff
rolling
over her lower lip.

    They fell asleep in each others arms.

LOVE
YOUR SLUT
ALICIA

--
