          Alan had gone off to work with an "uneasiness" he
     couldn't describe.  He had indulged his desire to spend
     hours dressed in pretty feminine maternity wear for
     almost forty years and through most of his married life
     his wife knew of his interest, though all his
     "advances" to have her "participate" fell on
     disinterested ears.
          The prior day he had spent a full day "dressed",
     and it seemed as always, his wife, Susan, was "down"
     after these "extended" sessions.  Alan often feared it
     was because Susan felt "neglected" or maybe a little
     "jealous" of the "friend" that was something "special"
     to him.  So, again Alan was worried that he had spent
     too much time or had done something "wrong".
          Allen sensed something was different as he left
     the house.  He spent most of the day wondering and
     worrying about what the evening would bring.  Was he
     going to have to promise to give up his time with this
     "special girl"?  Could he keep that promise if he made
     it?  Did he want to?  Something was going to change, He
     didn't know what.
          It had been a particularly hot July day, coupled
     with the "worrying" Alan had been feeling "hot and
     sticky" and much in need of the refreshment a cool
     shower would give.  When Alan arrived home, he detected
     his wife's attitude had improved, he hinted that after
     he took a shower they might want to "lay and watch TV
     for awhile", which usually translated into sexual fun
     and games.  Getting out of his clothes, Alan headed for
     the shower.  Indeed it was a refreshing shower.  The
     cascading streams of cool water washing the cares of
     the day from his body as well as his mind.
          Soaping and rubbing his flesh brought a restored
     vigor to his spirit and he was ready for a romp on the
     sheets.
          After drying off, he reached into his underwear
     drawer only to find it empty.  It was unusual to have
     an empty underwear drawer so he called to his wife,
     asking where he could find clean clothing.
          "I'll be right there", Susan called back.
          In Susan walked carrying a pile of pink colored
     cottony garments.  Momentarily he was dumbfounded, then
     he realized what Susan was holding but he said nothing,
     waiting for her to speak.
          "Alan I have decided", Susan started "if you want
     to experience wearing female underpants you are going
     to have to start where every little girl starts, which
     is wearing these pretty pink diapers that I've made.    
     You'll also wear this pair of rubber pants just in case
     you have any "accidents"."  "Of coarse if you have any
     "accidents" you will have to wait longer before you
     "graduate" to "big girl" panties".
          "You will be well trained in controlling yourself
     before you get that opportunity", Susan finished.     
     With mild protest he started to question, "do I have to
     wear these all the ..."  Susan interrupted, "you will
     wear them all the time, unless we are going away as a
     family.  I will keep enough washed that you will have
     one clean diaper each day, if you run out you will have
     to wear the wet one until I wash them again.  Changing
     wet diapers will be your responsibility and you will
     rinse them and leave them in the bucket I've placed in
     the bathroom".
          Susan went on, "if you are good and don't wet your
     diaper you will get to "nurse" for an hour each evening
     but if you wet your diaper you will be put to bed with
     a bottle of formula, if you wet your clean diaper you
     will wear it all the next day."
          "Until you are "trained" you will not wear any
     other feminine garment.  You will have to learn all the
     aspect of being a girl before you can experience
     "motherhood" again.  Handing him a razor and shaving
     cream Susan continued, "you will shave all the hair off
     your body, little girls don't have hair, "anywhere".
          Alan started to speak, "even down..." yet somehow
     he knew not to continue his protest.  In a way this was
     a dream come true but he was also experiencing a "loss
     of control" that was disturbing.  As he eyed that pink
     pile in her hands, Alan knew he wanted to feel those
     soft garments covering his behind.
          He promised to follow her rules.
          Snugly diapered, Alan came to the dinner table and
     no more was said about his situation.  Things went very
     good for several weeks, until he had his first
     "accident".  Alan had been torn between wanting to have
     an "accident" and wanting to get out of these diapers
     into real panties.  Somehow Alan knew he was tempting
     fate when he had several large drinks with his lunch. 
     Alan always had a strong bladder so he didn't figure
     he'd have any problem making it until he got home.     
     He did get a little worried when he was asked to finish
     a document he was preparing, it was already past four.
          By 6:30 he had it finished  and started home.
     Alan hadn't planned for a delay in traffic.
          He had been stopped for almost an hour when the
     need to find a "potty" began to come on strong.     
     The vibrating engine aggravated his need and he hoped
     traffic would start to move soon.  Alan nervously
     shifted his legs and strained to keep them held tightly
     together, in a desperate attempt to restrain the need
     to empty his swollen bladder.
          He felt like a little kid doing the "I don't have
     to go to the bathroom dance".  As much as he told
     himself he didn't have to go the more he knew the
     inevitable was going to happen if he didn't get under
     way immediately.
          It was only a trickle at first and he was able to
     stop it.  He figured he could hide this "little
     accident", hoping it would not affect his "graduation". 
     Another "trickle" began to escape and he tried hard to
     stop it but it soon turned into a steady stream.  Alan
     felt a warmness cover his entire bottom as the wetness
     permeated the pretty pink cloth he was wearing.  He
     hoped the rubber pants would keep his secret.  Alan
     checked as he exited his car and his outer pants were
     dry.      Thank goodness!
          His "guilt" must have been showing.
          "Your not dry, are you?", Susan quizzed as Alan
     went right to the bathroom.  "And I was beginning to
     think you were ready for your big girl panties.  Well,
     you'll just have to wait."  "Now change and get ready
     for supper."
          Alan never suspected what was to come as his ice
     tea glass was refilled several times during supper.  At
     bedtime he dutifully took his bottle as he slumbered
     off to sleep.  The events of the day came back to him
     in his dreams.  Alan had gone to bed fearful of wetting
     his new dry diaper, knowing what the punishment would
     be.  His dreams were filled with a series of events
     that brought him to the brink of having wet pants.
          At one point he was in a "Three Stooges" scene and
     was being chased by a mad scientist wielding a seltzer
     bottle who was trying to squirt it down his pants. 
     Then he was chained to a wall by a band of mad nurses
     who were using squeeze bottles to soak the diaper that
     they had placed on him.  The last scene Alan remember
     was standing at a stove, heating water for some
     purpose.  For some reason he plunged his hand into it
     to test its warmth, with that he felt his bladder
     relieve itself.  The warm fluid coated his genitals and
     then fully encircled his diapered bottom.  Alan hoped
     he was only dreaming.  When Alan awoke, his worst dream
     was true.  He was soaked.  A lumpy coldness permeated
     the diaper.  He left his bed with a feeling that a
     weight had been tied around his bottom.  The wet
     heaviness was more than he had expected.  He no longer
     felt he wanted to wear this soaked diaper all day.     
     Alan was going to test the opportunity to change when a
     voice in the darkness said, "maybe after wearing that
     all day you won't want to have a wet diaper again."
          He made no further arguments and got dressed for
     work.  Each move during the day was a constant reminder
     of his "condition".  Fear that he would be discovered
     flooded his mind.  He was beginning to see that this
     was not as much fun as he had imagined.  Alan was very
     self- conscious about his movements and tried to limit
     his needs to go about the office, calling folks that he
     would normally "walk over and see".
          The day drug on slowly, by noon he was feeling a
     noticeable "itch" and rawness that became more
     uncomfortable by the minute.  He knew he was getting a
     case of "diaper rash" that would only worsen the longer
     he remained in these wet pants but the fear of discover
     and unsure how to dispose of the evidence made him
     continue his plight.
          By days end his thighs were warmed from the itch,
     his balls and shrinking penis were on fire.  Even his
     butt cheeks felt the scratchy itch of the spreading
     rash.
          Alan did not want this to happen again.
          Alan's spouse greeted him at the door so she could
     make sure he had stayed diapered all day.  When Susan
     patted his front with a "good boy" gesture he winced
     from the pain of the added pressure.  His wife
     immediately understood his condition.
          "What'sa matter, baby got diaper rash"?
          "Let me take care of that for you".
          Susan told him to go to the bathroom and remove
     his wet garments and then come to the bedroom.  In the
     bedroom Susan had him lie on the bed, his red raw
     bottom exposed to the rooms cool air conditioning.
          The fire from the rash and the coolness of the air
     brought life to his shriveled member.  It quickly grew
     to it's full seven inches, engorging hard with blood as
     it blossomed.  With a damp cloth his wife soothed as
     she wiped clean his irritated bottom.  Then Susan
     spread baby lotion over most of the infected area.
          His throbbing member Susan reserved for her warm
     lips.  Slowly she bathed his rigid pole with balm like
     saliva.
          The moisture cooling in the air, only added to the
     intensity of his hardness.  He knew if this
     pleasure/pain ritual continued he would erupt like a
     long dormant volcano.  Alan's wife sensed his readiness
     to orgasm and ceased her oral manipulation of his
     manhood.  "It's time to put that were it does the most
     good", Susan told him as she spread her legs.     
     Gingerly he applied his prickled penis to the lips of
     her sex.  Her honey pot wrapped its moist lips around
     his burning flesh and soothed his flesh as he entered
     her to the hilt.  His mind was still racing with the
     thoughts of the day.  He had been so scared that he was
     in for some unusual punishment but her he was being
     "rewarded" with the most enjoyable sex he could recall
     for some time.  Alan was also preparing himself for the
     letdown of having to put on the diapers again, he was
     so hoping to graduate into "big girls" panties.
          As he erupted with climatic frenzy he lapsed into
     euphoric calmness.  He was almost asleep.  He was
     brought around by his wife calling him and saying,
     "your new things are in the bathroom.  You should be
     able to put them on yourself".
          Things had really turned out better than he had
     hoped.  Not only had he enjoyed great sex, he was going
     to get "graduation" panties.  Anxious with excitement
     he rushed into the bathroom.  His elation quickly
     evaporated as he picked up the things that had be set
     aside for him.  He examined the rather plain cotton
     panties.  They seemed to be extra think, he didn't know
     why.  The cotton bra was also void of any fancy lace or
     design that would make it look more feminine.  The tank
     top camisole was more like a boys t-shirt, to say he
     was disappointed would have been an understatement.     
     Knowing not to object, Alan put on the garments and
     stepped into the bedroom.  "Well, what do you think?",
     his wife asked.
          "I guess I was hoping for more sexy, feminine
     things", he almost inaudibly whined.  "Come now, you
     just got out of diapers.  Don't you know you need to go
     through some time with "training panties" so we can be
     sure your not going to have any more "accidents". 
     Handing him a pinafore smock like dress Susan
     continued, "you'll wear this or something like it all
     the time your around the house. For the time being you
     will be able to wear your male clothes to work but
     gradually you will get more feminine or gender neutral
     attire.  Around here you will be 'Alice' and you will
     call me "mommy" until you "grow-up" then you will be
     able to call me "sis".
          Alan's wife left him to finish dressing.
          His new cotton garments were a strange sensation. 
     Jockey shorts had always been cotton but the bulkyness
     of these were different.  He also noticed that the cut
     of the legs came more squarely across his thighs and
     there was no opening in them for when there was a need
     to go to the bathroom.  He knew without asking that he
     would have to pull them down and sit to pee.  His
     "training" was working.  Alan, now Alice, wearing a
     dress that barely covered his pantied rear and wearing
     socks that rolled at the knees left what had been the
     safe world of his bedroom and ventured to the dinner
     table.  Alan/Alice was quick to notice the coldness of
     the wooden furniture on the bare flesh of his legs that
     would normally be covered with slacks of some kind. 
     The experience was something he had never thought about
     has a guy but would have to get use to as a "girl".
          "Alice, I bought you these today.  You're very own
     patent leather shoes.  They should go real nice with
     that dress."
          Alan/Alice was surprised how easily the shoes went
     on his feet.  Their openness and boxy design coupled
     with their EEE width added to their fit.  Bending to
     fasten the straps he felt a breeze caress his thighs
     and knew his panties had been exposed by the elevation
     of his smocked dress.  "No, dear, you mustn't bend like
     that to fasten shoes.  You must stoop "ladylike" and
     not expose yourself to the world."
          "Now undo them, and try again", Susan ordered.
     
          Alan/Alice lowered himself without letting his
     dress ride up and fastened the buckles on each shoe. 
     Alice looked to "mom" for approval before rising. 
     Alice liked her new shoes.  Alice stood to admire her
     new footwear and was enjoying the vision of the bobby
     socks and glossy leather when he was taken by the site
     that it did indeed appear his pantied bottom indeed
     reflected in the shine of those shoes.  Alice knew
     however, she would never get the opportunity to flaunt
     such "indecent" behavior.  Alice pranced around the
     house all evening in his new role, even from time to
     time walking with a little "skip" step like a "girl"
     his age might do.
          At bedtime his wife produced a pair of "Dr.
     Dentin's" complete with feet and a "trap door" seat.    
      "These are "little girl" pajamas and you will wear
     them until I am sure you are "grown" enough to have
     "baby dolls" or something more erotic."
          Alan put on his new garment and climbed into bed.
          Today had brought enormous changes to his life. 
     He was still unsure of the lengths his wife was going
     to go but he knew if he ever wanted to wear his
     beautiful maternity clothes again he had to do what
     ever he was told.  "Being a "little girl" wasn't so
     bad"' Alan thought, "as a matter of fact maybe it would
     be fun."  The "little girl" lifestyle continued for
     about a month.  Each morning "Alice" would neatly fold
     her PJ's and place them in his dresser.  He would then
     retrieve a clean set of underclothes and take his
     shower.  Each day as he stepped into those cottony
     garments he longed for the time when they would be
     replaced by silk and lace.
          And so the days went on.
          After a particularly hard day at work, Alan was
     thinking less about how he would "transform" once he
     got home and more about how he would come up with the
     next promotional campaign to sell their dying products. 
         As a matter of fact, the change process was taking
     so long that Alan was tiring of the sport.  He was
     beginning to believe his wife was only going to carry
     this so far and then "punish" him by not allowing him
     to ever bring out the pregnant girl he say in himself.
          Alan considered calling the whole thing off. 
     Promising to rid his closet of all "Alice's" clothing
     and returning to the days when he "secretly" made his
     transformation on his many travels out of town.     
     However, he knew more than ever that was a promise he
     would not keep.  Alice's things were so pretty and had
     cost so much.  He needed to put them on again.  Alan,
     as would "Alice", would just have to be patient.     
     Alan dutifully went direct to the shower passing and
     noting the cotton underwear laid out for him on the
     bed.  He had hoped and dreamed that they would change
     but there they were in their "plain" white cotton
     purity.  Alan, having washed the cares and weight of
     the day from his tired body was ready for his
     transformation into the girl he was trying so hard to
     become.  Even the cotton panties would now be welcome
     as his skin felt alive and fresh from the pounding of
     the steamy water on his hard flesh.  The erotic
     thoughts he had been exercising in his mind while
     showering had his loins boiling.  The thought of those
     cotton panties caressing his manly flesh had brought
     him close to climaxing.  He could only fear the
     punishment he would receive if he "came" in his clean
     white panties.  As he retrieved the panties and began
     to step into them he was interrupted by his wife.     
     "Wait, you will need this," his wife ordered him to
     stop dressing.  Susan was holding what seemed to be
     some sort of white belt.  Alan could not even guess it
     purpose.  "What is that?", Alan inquired hesitantly.
          "It's to hold your sanitary napkin in place", his
     wife instructed.  "Sanitary napkin?", Alan question,
     not understanding.  "If you are to get pregnant", his
     wife continued, "you have to have "periods".  I have
     decided that yours have started now and you will wear
     these pads for four consecutive days."  Continuing her
     explanation about what he was to do Susan added, "even
     though they won't actually have a period but I bet that
     dripping cock of yours will provide enough spunk to
     soil them regularly, you must change them three times a
     day."
          Further instructing, Susan challenged, "since you
     don't carry a purse you will soon understand the
     embarrassment many woman go through when they have to
     try and conceal such necessary items, not wanting to
     draw attention to their plight by carrying a purse to
     the ladies room.  I wonder how ingenious you will be".  
        Alan pulled the belt up around his middle.  He then
     attached the pad to the rear stay and reached under his
     hardening cock, pulling the pad forward, he attached it
     in the front.  He forced is stiffened member to lay
     along the pad and hoisted his panties up his long
     nervous legs.
          Alan's training was progressing well.
          All these feminine things had Alan thinking very
     female, often errantly wondering into the ladies room
     by mistake.
          Along with tiring in the quest Alan was beginning
     to fear the changes he was experiencing.  He began to
     worry that his actions might get him into trouble that
     he would be unable to offer any believable excuse.  His
     ladies room escapades had already become the whispers
     of the office, split evenly between being "over
     worked", "gay" or "perverted".
          Alan was examining the calendar when he realized
     he was coming up on his ninth "period".  He realized
     how instinctively he had "checked" the days to see if
     it was "that time of the month".  Somehow he sensed the
     significance of the nine months of "periods".  He began
     to believe that it was his wife's way of showing him
     what the nine months of "expecting" would hold.  He was
     sure that when this period was over he would be told
     that he was "pregnant".
          He would be a nervous wreck before the end of the
     next three days.  His suspicions where reinforced when
     his wife told him the morning of the third day, "I'm
     sorry your having such a difficult time this month,
     your "period" will last five days.  Oh, well! Sometime
     that happens."  He had done this for nine months, Alan
     was sure he could continue for two more days.  The day
     his "period" ended Alan planned the most direct trip
     home from work.  His thoughts filled with erotic
     wonder. He was ready for his "impregnation".  He
     welcomed the opportunity to once again dress in his
     lovely maternity clothing.  He waited to feel those
     wonderful feminine garments that had been packed away
     for such a long time.
          Before he left the office he changed his "pad" one
     last time.  Alan did not want his pending "pregnancy"
     to be delayed because he failed to "take proper care"
     of himself.  Alan's sexual thoughts were producing a
     steady seepage from his throbbing manhood.  He could
     not exercise any measure of control to lessen its
     eruptions.  He would just have to deal with any
     consequences when he arrive home.
          There was no discussion about Alan's "condition",
     either upon his arrival or during small talk during
     dinner.  Alan knew not to bring up the subject.
          During the next days, Alan began to believe he was
     going to have to "experience" the days after one had a
     "period" and the days they could get pregnant.
          Once again Alan attempted to predict when his wife
     would "introduce" his pregnancy.  With a small dot he
     marked the calendar, noting a three day period
     beginning ten days after the end of his last "period". 
     His "fertile" period as he understood female biology.
          Alan wondered if his wife would put him through
     some sort of "impregnation" ritual.  Susan did have a
     variety of large didoes and he could imagine them being
     used on him.  though he dreaded them because of their
     size he thrilled in being violated by such a weapon and
     ending up "in the family way".  The prime time came and
     went and Alan found nothing new in his wife's behavior. 
         Clean lingerie was always available.  "Alice" was
     enjoying the increased femininity of the styles and
     material.  The occasions of wearing male oriented under
     clothing were now limited. Only when he would have to
     change clothes in "public" circumstances, like his
     periodic visits to the health club would Alan revert to
     his male attire.
          "Alice's" "periods" continued.  Each month Alan
     hoped it would not come.  Alan was "Alice" more and
     more.  His dress became more androgynous.  Alan's
     fitness had reduced his weight and honed his shape into
     a very attractive person that one could surmise a
     slight shift would make "her" more male or "him" more
     female.  His presentation was confusing to most who met
     him.  Strangers did not know whether to address him as
     he or she.
          Alan knew he was still Alan.  He understood his
     male self and enjoyed it.  He also understood "Alice"
     much better than he had almost two years ago when his
     wife gave him this ultimatum.  For the first time in
     his life he felt a "control" that he had not previously
     experienced.  He could be "Alice" as often as he liked. 
     His wife had even been helpful in establishing her
     existence but he knew Alan.  Alan controlled "Alice".
          He had thought for sometime that his wife
     controlled "Alice".  He realized that he wanted "Alice"
     to be but did not want to give up Alan's masculinity. 
     He had the best of both worlds and his wife in her own
     way had helped him to see the possibilities.
          Alan realized the way he would get pregnant was to
     have a date.  He knew it would be one that his wife
     arranged and he wasn't sure exactly how it would turn
     out but he knew it was the next step in his
     progression.  For Alan the "periods" continued.  Each
     month with disheartened acceptance he found "pads" in
     Alice's dresser drawer.  Again he added a fresh supply
     to his briefcase and longed for "next month".  Alan was
     having a particularly bad day.  He had begun to
     understand what men were referring to when they would
     remark "she must have the rag on, she's so bitchy". 
     And though "Alice's" period had ended about a week ago
     the days events were making Alan increasingly "bitchy".
          Alan's phone had rung well beyond the three rings
     within which he was expected to answer.  He yelled at
     it, "I'm coming", as if it understood his request for
     patience.  Yet the phone continued to ring.
          Alan dropped the stack of papers he was trying to
     sort and swore as they scattered to the floor.  Alan
     coarsely shouted "hello" into the phone.
          He was stopped in his tracks when he heard his
     wife's voice say "dear, you must get home as soon as
     possible, Alice has a DATE for this evening."  Her
     emphasis on DATE had Alan's heart racing as it usually
     did when these unexpected overtures of advancement
     presented themselves to him.  Alan had been having an
     increasingly difficult time walking by Chrissy's
     Maternity Boutique and wishing he had many of the
     lovely outfits that were displayed in the window.     
     A particular lavender dress had caught his eye.  The
     dress with lace collar and high waist were two features
     that Alan knew would show off his femininity as well as
     his "pregnancy".  Alan quickly put his days work aside,
     sketched out his next days schedule and hurried to his
     car.  A world of anticipation ran through Alan's head
     as he crawled his way through the rush hour traffic. 
     His anxiety made the volume of traffic seem
     significantly worst though it was probably the normal
     days flow.  The only feminine garment that Alice had on
     today were the silky blue lace unmentionables that his
     wife had given him just this past weekend.  They really
     were sexy and far more "mature" than what he had wore
     in the previous weeks.
          Excitement had started his throbbing manhood to
     give up an amount of pre seminal fluid that was damping
     those lovely panties causing Alan to fear this
     "accident" might thwart the opportunity his wife had
     planned.  Today was not to be a "disappointment" for
     Alice.  As a matter of fact Alan's wife seemed pleased
     at the amount of stimulation Alan was showing in his
     panties.  With a pumping "milking" action Susan brought
     on the full release of his seed that showed as white
     foam on the blue sea of his panties.  "Before we go on
     your "date", I'm going to milk you completely dry of
     any maleness within you.  You will fill my pussy and be
     prepared to receive an equal amount later", Susan
     warned.  Susan then led him to the bedroom and pushed
     him onto their bed. Alan's wife removed her shorts and
     revealed her freshly shaved pussy.  Susan lowered her
     naked sex onto his pulsing rod, seizing his tool with
     all the strength in her pubic muscles.
          Susan was riding his piston with furry that a oil
     rigger uses when driving that last few feet, knowing
     they will soon strike black gold.
          With each rebound Susan was coaxing the fluid from
     his loins.  His wife's passion had him on the verge of
     explosion, yet for some reason his balls did not want
     to give up their precious load. Alan's body was saying
     "erupt", but his mind had not released the mental
     blocks that kept the eruption in check.
          Alan's rod was being rubbed raw from the friction
     of his wife's cunt.  He was experiencing a strange
     sense of pleasure and pain, neither of which he wanted
     to cease.  Orgasmic waves rushed over the gyrating body
     of his wife.  The quick jerks triggered the same
     response in Alan and he felt streams of hot cum shoot
     upward into his wife's warm hole.  The intensity of the
     orgasm was so great that Alan envisioned his cock being
     a large white fountain spewing streams of warm fluid
     into the air, then cascading back, forming pools of
     white foam.  They locked in orgasmic ecstacy.  Their
     loins welded together in the final throws of passion. 
     Then with exhaustive release they ceased all motion.
          Alan's wife left the bed.  Upon her return Susan
     was carrying Alice's clothes for the evening.  The
     attached sales tags told Alan that this was a whole new
     wardrobe.  One that would be a fitting number to have
     someone want to get Alice "in the family way".
          The black panties were as sensuous as he hoped. 
     The lace scratched his cock as it struggled to confine
     his growing penis.
          "I thought I took care of that", his wife scolded
     and struck his throbbing manhood smartly on the head. 
     Her swift blow seemed to instantly deflate his menacing
     member.  The delicate lace on the bra matched the
     panties.  This was more than Alan ever thought possible
     as he put his arms through the bra straps.  He secured
     the padded cups over his flat bust but admired how the
     padding gave him a modest figure.
          His wife chided him when he began to retrieve the
     bust inserts that had long been stored in Alice's
     dresser.  "Alice will have to "grow" into those cups. 
     Believe me as her "pregnancy" advances so will her
     bust.  For now you will have to be satisfied with a
     "budding" figure", Susan ended.  Alan, now dressed in
     bra and panties felt Alice coming alive.  Through all
     his "training" he had longed for this moment.  There
     were times he thought his wife would never let him wear
     these "grown-up" girl fashions again.  Alan felt an
     increase thumping in his chest as his heart raced in
     response to the simulation these garments were
     producing.  He was "Dressing" again and even had a
     "date".  Alice sat on the edge of the bed so "she"
     could easily veil "her" lovely legs into the black
     seamed pantyhose that were next on the pile.
          Alice found stepping into the straight navy skirt
     an easy task.  She was a little disappointed that the
     length wasn't a little more "provocative", which
     translates to "shorter", but did find it's simplicity,
     and the way it hugged the curves of her bottom, rather
     alluring.
          The frilly white blouse with stand up collar was
     almost and "innocent" schoolgirl type of blouse.  The
     black bra was eye-catching as it showed itself through
     the blouses thin material.  Alice loved it.
          Patent leather pumps with slight two-inch heels
     completed the outfit.  Alice was ready for her date.
          Like two girlfriends leaving for a date they
     headed for the door.  Alice was thankful for the lower
     heeled shoes.  She preferred the three plus inch heels
     but understood that for this "first time out" she would
     feel less awkward in this mid-size heel.  Nervousness
     added wobble to her legs as they approached the door.   
       Alice fought hard to subdue back the panic, as she
     realized that in an instant the door would open and
     they would be outside.
          Alice, fully dressed would be introduced to the
     world.  Beads of perspiration were forming on the top
     of her brow.   Tremors could be felt the full length of
     her arms.
          Alice knew if they didn't get through the door
     soon her knees would begin to knock.  The last thought
     that struck Alice before opening the door was that her
     imprisoned member, so fully drained had not even
     stirred through all this excitement.  She was going to
     be ok.  Alice stepped out into the night air.  The cool
     spring breezes caressed her nylon clad thighs.  The
     teasing wind poked sparks of life into the manhood
     concealed under those layers of feminine finery.  Alice
     stopped in her tracks, fearing continued motion would
     bring on a spontaneous explosion that would soil her
     pretty panties and worse yet bring on his wife's wrath
     and possibly cancel the evenings exploits.  "What's the
     matter, getting cold feet", his wife inquired?  "Cold
     something else", Alice joked, trying to hide her
     predicament.  "I guess you understand what we woman go
     through when you men insist we wear such short skirts",
     Susan answered.
          "The car will be warmer, once you get over the
     feel of how cold the vinyl seats will be", Susan
     continued.  Alice went to the passenger side not
     knowing their destination.  She stood at the door and
     waited for instructions.
          "Get in, I'll drive", came his wife's command.
          They quickly left the neighborhood and Alice was
     glad.  Alan felt pretty confident that he "passed" as a
     woman but a small twinge of doubt still existed.  He
     wanted to be long gone from the neighborhood if he was
     "discovered".  Soon the city lights were behind them. 
     The road was dark to their advance.  Alice could see
     the flickering of a dimly lit house in the distance. 
     Trees and rolling hills sporadically hid the growing
     structure but with each advancing mile the building
     became brighter and more defined.  They were less than
     a mile away when Alice could see the main house.  It
     was truly a mansion by any standards.  It's straight
     white columns brought on thoughts of "Tara".  "What a
     dream house to be going to on your "first date"", Alice
     thought.  As they entered the driveway Alice's heart
     had increased its pace.  The ride had been calming but
     now the anxiety was beginning to build once more.
          When the vehicle stopped at the canopied entrance,
     Alice froze in the seat.  "Would she be able to
     nonchalantly exit the car when the doorman beckoned",
     Alice questioned in her mind?
          Alan waited for his wife's lead.
          Both doors opened simultaneously by young tuxedo
     wearing attendants who greeted them with "good evening,
     "ladies"".
          Alice detected no exposure in their greeting.  The
     men seemed to recognize them as companions, arriving
     for "the party".
          They received warm greetings at the door by an
     attractive woman in what appeared to be her
     mid-thirties and noticeably pregnant.
          Alan lingered in the hug that was bestowed upon
     him by this gorgeous creature.  The bulging belly
     against his sensuous attire was almost too much to
     handle.  He wished he could hold her long enough to
     take on that bulge by some magical assimilation.
          Guests arriving behind him made him break the
     embrace and they continued through the doorway into a
     large receiving area where about twenty other couples
     were already assembled. Alan's wife selected two drinks
     from the tray being offered by a scantly clad waitress. 
         Alice put the drink to her lips and winced from the
     strength of the drink.  After a few more small sips
     Alice decided to leave the glass on the fireplace
     mantel.
          When Alan's wife noticed he didn't have a drink
     she quickly secured him another.  This one was more
     tolerable.  Its pleasant sweet taste was even
     enjoyable.  This was more to Alice's liking.  As the
     pair socialized, Alice became suspicious that others at
     the party were also spouses that enjoyed being dressed
     as the opposite gender.  Though it was difficult to
     detect which might not be the gender displayed, Alice
     was sure all was not as it seemed.
          Nothing to odd had occurred until they were
     introduced to a "man" named Jacque.  Alice felt certain
     that Jacque was really Jackie but accepted the
     introduction and addressed Jacque as "sir".  "Jacque"
     took Alice by the arm and led her out to the rear
     garden.  The magnolia blossoms were bursting with color
     and fragrance.  Roses of many varieties grew in
     blankets of pastel colors throughout the garden.  With
     his hand about her waist Jacque steered Alice through
     the paths of the garden until they came to a small
     building in the far corner of the garden.
          Alice now assumed "Jacque" was her date for this
     evening but never thought his wife would carry the
     fantasy this far.
          Jacque entered the building first and tugged
     Alice's wrist, beckoning her to follow.  The building
     appeared to house two rooms.  The one they entered was
     almost a formal sitting room with high back chairs,
     antique end tables and a plush oriental rug covered the
     center of the hardwood flooring.  To the rear of this
     room through a slightly open door could be seen a
     rather sterile looking white room. Alice thought the
     only piece of furniture that could be seen look like
     some sort of stainless steel table.  Maybe it was a
     sort of a summer kitchen she thought.
          Jacque invited her to be seated.  Dutifully Alice
     took a seat near the fireplace and warmed to its gentle
     glow.  With one hand back on Alice's waist, Jacque
     offered Alice a small glass filled with wine.  "it's a
     very nice sherry", Jacque insisted, not allowing Alice
     to refuse.  Alice put the glass to her lips and the
     fluid warmed her throat and continued the path of
     warmth down her chest.
          The wine didn't taste bad but Alice never thought
     of herself as a "drinker".  Controlling the urge to say
     no to the wine, Alice decided that she could drink this
     one glass.  It wasn't long after finishing the wine
     that Alice felt light headed.  This was only her second
     drink this evening and it shouldn't have been affecting
     her so much but she felt she had to recline and ask
     Jacque to help her to the sofa.
          Jacque guided her head to the pillowed arm rest
     and just before her eyes closed Alice thought she saw
     several others enter the room.
          Alice was unsure of the length of time she had
     been passed out.  She was becoming more conscious but
     her eyes were still unable to focus on anyone or thing
     in the room.  As the figures came into clearer view
     Alice noticed that she no longer had her lovely clothes
     on that she had worn to the party.  She appeared to be
     wearing a sort of long white gown, very similar to a
     hospital gown she thought.  At first she assumed that
     she had gotten ill and they had to remove her clothing. 
     Panic seized her.  Had they discovered "her" secret?
          As her senses returned she was greeted with a
     different kind of pain.  Sharp abdominal pains made her
     wrap both arms about her waist and gasp for air as the
     pain took her breath away.  When she recovered she
     notice the room had filled with a number of the guests
     from the party and Alan's wife was standing at the head
     of them.  Susan was first to speak.  "Well, Alice, you
     are about to experience the closest thing to pregnancy
     a man will ever be able to do.  The doctors I contacted
     said it was too risky to actually plant an embryo in
     your belly though it could have been done, so what we
     have done is inserted a "bladder" between you abdominal
     muscles that will be filled with a liquid solution on a
     daily basis to simulate the weight gain of pregnancy. 
     Since you would gain about thirty-five pounds over the
     nine months I will only be adding about two ounces of
     liquid a day.  That way it will take you a while to
     "show" and your abdomen should be able to gradually
     stretch with the expanding bladder.  Who knows you may
     even get "stretch marks".
          This had really gotten out of hand in Alice's
     mind.
          "What about my job", Alice asked?
          His wife replied, "I've arranged for you to take a
     year of "parental leave", I had no problem convincing
     your boss that you were a little timid to ask for it."
          "Here is another "gift" ", Susan added while
     handing Alice a small package.  Alice quickly open the
     package.  Immediately Alice knew the device was a
     breast pump.  "What am I suppose to do with this",
     Alice questioned? His wife responded, "the doctors have
     advised against you taking any hormones if I still
     wanted to get any "use" out of you during your
     pregnancy but they thought if your breast were
     "stimulated" enough they could start producing a small
     amount of milk."
          Alice sure was getting more than had been
     bargained.
          Had she really wanted this?  She wasn't being
     given a chance to turn back.  Alice raised her gown to
     see what had been done.  Her stomach was still flat
     like before but there was small tube protruding from
     her belly button.
          Alice wife continued her explanation, "the tube
     will be used to add the fluid to the bladder.  It will
     be covered to give you an "outee" belly button much
     earlier in your "pregnancy" than others but it probably
     won't show through your clothing until you start to get
     "bigger".  Don't think you are going to get to wear
     maternity clothing right away.  "First time" mothers
     usually do want to run right out and get their first
     maternity outfit once they know they are pregnant, you
     will also wait until you are "officially" told you are
     pregnant, for tonight consider you've been "screwed" ".
          Alice returned to the couch and sat back down. 
     The events of the evening were becoming overwhelming.
     Had this really happened to her? Was this some bad
     dream?
          Alice lay back on the couch and slept.
          The next time Alice regained consciousness they
     she was in the car presumably on their way home.     
     "That had been one wild party," alice murmured to
     herself as they continued down the road.  She found
     herself dressed in the clothes she had worn to the
     party and couldn't remember much more about what had
     occurred during the night.
          Alice did notice a numbness in the lower abdomen,
     brushing her hand across the sensation she felt a
     strange hardness but not additional sense to her touch. 
     She allowed her hand to travel to the center of her
     stomach where she felt a hard "button".
          To the air she questioned, "is it true"?
          Alan's wife responded, "yes".
          Susan continued, "you are now fitted with a
     bladder that will be filled at the rate of a normal
     pregnancy. There are some other surprises that you will
     notice as time goes by.  When we get home I will
     introduce you to our friends as my cousin Alice who has
     come to stay with me since Alan has taken a job in
     Saudi Arabia for a year."  "Everything has been taken
     care of for you to live this next year as a pregnant
     woman.  Also, yours will not be a "normal" pregnancy
     you will get as big as the doctor feels safe and forced
     to "carry" for at least a year.  By the time you
     "deliver" you might never want to be "pregnant" again.  
        Alan began to realize he was not going to be able to
     change out of the clothing he was wearing.  He felt the
     silkiness of the nylon covering his legs and wondered
     if it was going to feel the same knowing he "had" to
     wear them.
          Were panties going to have the same allure?
          Would a bra feel as good?
          Did he really want to go through with this?
          Did he have a choice?
          During the next week each morning Alice would be
     handed the pump to start the massage of her breasts. An
     IV type assembly was being used to start the fluid into
     the bladder planted in Alice's belly.  Later it would
     be necessary to use a pump but for now gravity feed
     would work fine.  Not enough fluid had been added to
     create any outward visual changes but Alice was
     beginning to feel the pressure from the fluid build up. 
     It was the beginning of a "bloated" feeling.  The
     pressure on her stomach was also creating a feeling of
     nausea.  Her introduction to "morning sickness".     
     By the end of the first week, Alice had "gained" about
     a pound and her tummy was beginning to feel "hard".
     Alice even thought she could feel a slight "swell".
          Alice's breasts had also began to "tingle" from
     the constant stimulation.  Alice had not notice any
     increase in size but sensitivity was sure up.
          It was almost the end of the second week when
     Susan handed Alice a nicely wrapped present.     
     "Carefully read the instructions", Susan advised Alice
     as she exited the room.  The package was too small and
     weighed too much to be some article of clothing.  Alice
     could not identify the contents of the package.  Like a
     kid at christmas she torn the wrappings from the box.   
     E.P.T. were the letters across the box.  Alice
     understood what they meant but could not figure how
     this kit could be of any use to her.  She opened the
     box and begin to read the instructions.  The test did
     not seem difficult to perform.
          "How could she get anything but a "negative"", she
     wondered.  The instructions suggested more accurate
     results if the test was done upon rising, she placed
     the package on the her nightstand, planning to use it
     the following morning.  While showering Alice noticed
     how strange it was to have a swelling belly yet also
     observe the "manhood" that was jutting out between her
     legs.  It was hard to reconcile these images on the
     same body.  Alice tried to imagine the day she would
     look down and because of her swollen belly, not see
     what hung below.  Alice examined the hardness of her
     swelling belly as she prepared to perform the test
     Susan had given her. Alice was unsure what it would
     prove but knew it was part of the process and
     understood she would have to have a positive test
     before she was allowed to get her first maternity
     outfit.  Not expecting it to work she captured some of
     her urine and looked for the strips to perform the
     test.  Alice was about to call Susan when she caught
     the note attached to Susan's vanity mirror.  The note
     just said, "good luck" and had one of the test strips
     attached.
          Alice took the cup containing the urine and slowly
     submersed the test strip.  Alice knew her belly was
     swelling but somehow she needed this test to say
     "positive".  Alice knew if it didn't Susan would say,
     "well, you must just be taking on water, that time of
     the month you know, better luck next month".  Three
     quarters of the strip was submerged in the urine. 
     Alice watched it closely.  Nothing was happening. Alice
     wanted bells to go off, chimes to ring, an announcer to
     blast "YOUR PREGNANT" but there was just the quiet cup
     of urine with a small paper strip submerged.
          Seconds turned into minutes.  The minutes were
     uncountable.  Alice noticed the first signs of a mark
     appearing about the center of the strip.  A reddish
     line spread horizontally across the test indicator.  A
     negative sign would mean "no pregnancy".
          Alice's hopes began to fail.  Disappointment had
     been hers throughout this whole ordeal.  This would
     just be another step in her dream.
          Alice was preparing to discard the test solution
     when she noticed that the line had turned a darker,
     almost purplish color.  Alice's breasts began to tingle
     as she noticed a vertical line begin to form and the
     overall color of the indication grew darker.  then it
     was staring at her.  The strip clearly had formed a
     plus sign.  A plus sign meant the a pregnancy had been
     detected.
          Alice held her hardening belly and gently allowed
     her hands to follow the swelling curves.  She did not
     understand how it was possible but the test said she
     was pregnant.  Her belly would even swell large.  She
     wanted that.  Clutching her belly she envisioned when
     it would be larger than her hands could cover.  She was
     thrilled.  Naked she ran from the bathroom calling to
     Susan, "I'm PREGNANT!! I'm PREGNANT!"      Susan was
     preparing breakfast and as Alice caught the smell of
     the grease fumes a wave of nausea over took her.  There
     she was overjoyed trying to tell Susan how happy she
     was and about to spill her guts.  How could she be so
     happy and feel so bad at the same time she wondered. 
     Alice sat at the table, trying to calm down enough to
     settle her stomach.  Susan came to her and simply said,
     "I know", while offering some crackers to eat.     
     "How can the test show positive?", Alice inquired.
          Susan responded, "I thought you might enjoy
     getting a "positive" pregnancy test so I had the strip
     treated so that when you performed the test it would be
     to your liking.  Seems you got the response I thought
     you would.  I'm glad you enjoyed it."
          "We'll do some shopping today if you're up to it",
     Susan offered.  "Of coarse I'm up to it", Alice
     assured.
          "We haven't given you your fill up for today and
     I've planned a few extra ounces so you'll have an even
     more bloated feeling.  You'll probably be a little more
     uncomfortable for a while."  Alice lay nude on the bed
     waiting for Susan to administer the days ration of
     fluid.  Alice closed her eyes as she applied the breast
     pump to her small titties.  The pump was doing
     something to force the little nipples to enlarge. Even
     the area around their base was beginning to take on a
     swollen look.  Maybe her breasts were growing.
          Alice found it hard to believe that someday they
     would actually produce mother's milk.  Alice's tummy
     was hurting from the pressure of the additional fluid. 
     She was beginning to feel the almost constant urge to
     go to the bathroom.  She now understood why many
     pregnant woman complained about having to "pee" so
     much.  This was going to be her fate also.
          Susan instructed Alice to get dressed in what ever
     fit and improvise if she must.  Alice was not sure what
     that meant until she tried to put on her panties.
          As she stretched the waistband over her stuffed
     belly she felt the elastic band cutting into her tender
     flesh. Taking a small pair of scissors she snipped the
     elastic and a slight "v" tore in the fabric.  With the
     pressure gone the panties felt much more comfortable. 
     Jeans were not as much trouble since she was able to
     let the top snap undone.  A loose fitting top completed
     Alice's outfit.
          Like two sisters, Alice and Susan were off to the
     mall.  Alice could not find any thing she really liked
     in the department stores but she was a little afraid to
     venture into the scrutiny of the boutiques for fear of
     being discovered.  "First of all they want to sell
     things and they don't really give a care WHO buys",
     Susan encouraged Alice. "You are very convincing and
     pregnancy is a good cover", Susan assured.  After a
     small amount of coaxing Susan was able to convince
     Alice that she would do fine.  In the first store they
     decided to look mostly for lingerie.  Susan examined a
     rather expensive nursing bra as she told Alice why it
     was important to have a good bra in her condition.
          Both girls entered the dressing room, each holding
     several articles of silky finery.      Susan helped
     Alice remove the pullover top, then stood momentarily
     observing the flat-busted but obviously swollen belly
     shape that Alice was now exhibiting.
          "We're going to have to do something about those
     breasts", she said while holding the bra for Alice to
     steer her arms between the straps.  Susan hooked the
     bra in the last set of eyelets, then tried to smooth
     the cups over Alice's figure.  Susan forced some of
     Alice's flesh into the bra and it began to take form.   
       "In time", she commented, "in time".
          Susan held up a pair of white nylon maternity
     panties.  Alice hesitated slightly.  The panties were
     beautiful. They were being offered to her.  Alice could
     see the contracted roses that would blossom as the
     stretch panel is drawn over her swelling belly.  She
     would not have to snip the elastic for them to fit
     comfortably around her middle. Oh, she was anxious to
     wear those panties.
          Alice removed her jeans and caught her reflection
     in the dressing room mirror.  The bra was lovely.  The
     panties she was wearing with their cut "V" was also
     strangely attractive but she was about to go from the
     unofficial "V" cut panties of pregnancy to official
     maternity panties.  Panties to her that said, "you are
     pregnant".      Alice slid the panties down her long
     legs, gracefully stepping out of them as she reached
     her heels.  Alice felt she did that just as she had
     been taught.
          Standing erect, Alice noticed that her manhood was
     moist from the excitement but had not stiffened as it
     had in the past when she transformed.
          Alice was very comfortable with what was
     happening.
          Susan offered a shoulder to steady Alice while she
     stepped into the panties.  Alice slowly began their
     journey up her legs.  She was exploring every feeling
     as their soft silkiness electrified the sensitivity of
     her skin while making their advance.
          The bands first obstacle was her deflated manhood. 
     A slight pull on the elastic captured the alien member.
     Placing hands at each side of her waist she guided the
     elastic silk over the mound of her belly.      The
     floral pattern burst into life as it was stretched to
     meet the shape of Alice's abdomen.      Alice stood and
     enjoyed the reflected image.  A nursing bra whose cups
     were filled only with her flesh. Panties that only
     showed expanding flesh.  With a hand held lightly on
     her tummy, Alice felt pregnant.      With things going
     so well, Alice felt she could live this way a very long
     time.  She was so excited with the look of her figure
     and knew it would get bigger.  Alice realized she
     looked pregnant in these underclothes but knew the
     small shape would disappear once she added more
     clothes.  Alice wanted to be big enough so she left no
     doubt that she was pregnant.
          Susan opened a package of pantyhose and handed
     them to Alice.  Carefully she started the hose up each
     leg, extending them to the top of her thighs before she
     tried to pull the panty over her belly.  The pantyhose
     also had a panel insert that allowed them to
     comfortably expand around her middle.      This just
     kept getting better.
          Telling Alice to put her jeans back on and the top
     she had been wearing, Susan left the fitting room to
     pay for the garments that Alice was now wearing.
          She dropped her training bra and cut panties into
     the trash can.      Hand in hand the two girls left the
     shop.
          Outside, Susan began questioning Alice about her
     new underthings.      "Where they what she expected?"
          "Could she feel that they were different?"
          "Was she ready to wear them for the next nine
     months?"      Everything Susan said or did amplified
     the fact that Alice was being treated like a pregnant
     lady.  Susan was almost taunting Alice about her
     condition.  To Alice it seemed that Susan was
     challenging her to be able to enjoy this for the
     duration of her pregnancy.
          Alice could not imagine this ever being anything
     but fun.      Their next stop was the Maternity
     Factory, a chain type store that carried designer
     maternity fashions, at discount prices, of coarse.
          The shop was large and few sales clerks could be
     seen.  The nice part about this shop was the ability to
     browse and not be constantly attacked by sales people
     as often was the case in the intimate boutiques.     
     Susan was attracted to the modern almost business
     attire clothing that she commented weren't available
     when she was pregnant.  These fashions were a sign of
     the increase of women in the workplace and a dictate
     that business almost meant boring.
          Alice searched through the more feminine "little
     mother " outfits.  More lace, bows and colors were
     available on these "traditional" fashions.
          Alice found a white eyelet top with two side bows
     that could be adjusted to accommodate a growing figure.
     The collarless neckline might draw attention to Alice's
     masculine neck but it was low enough to display an
     amount of cleavage that would dispel most doubts. 
     Alice knew she would at least have to try it on.     
     Alice continued her search for that perfect top while
     carrying her first selection by the hanger.     
     Alice's next pick was a plaid jumper with a gathered
     bustline.  Alice was sure it would flow nicely over her
     budding belly.  There was a plain white blouse
     displayed with the jumper, Alice decided to try the
     pair.      In the dressing room Alice removed her jeans
     and top.  The reflection of the lovely maternity
     lingerie caught her by surprise.  Alice had forgotten
     she was wearing it.  At first glance Alice thought
     someone else was in the dressing room with her.  The
     figure seem much more lovelier than she had remembered. 
     The pregnant curves were titillating.  Alice was in awe
     of her reflection.  She was afraid this was a dream
     from which she would soon awake.      Alice took the
     blouse from its' hanger and held it to her chest.  With
     her right hand she smoothed it over the her belly.  Her
     baby bulge was very slight but she could feel a
     discernable arch as her palm travelled the distance
     from her breast to a spot just above her legs.
          Alice slipped her arms into the blouse and admired
     the exposure of her maternity unmentionables with the
     unbuttoned garment.
          Susan called, "What's taking you so long?"
          Alice broke from her revelry and quickly buttoned
     the blouse.  She fastened every button with the Peter
     Pan collar capturing her throat in it's white lace. 
     Alice then dropped the jumper over her head.  Alice
     worked her arms through the openings and had to tug
     slightly to get the garment to fall below her bust, a
     good indication that she was "developing" tits.
          Alice stepped from the dressing room, twirling as
     a model would as she asked Susan opinion.      Susan
     agreed that it matched Alice's personality and that it
     could be an outfit in her closet.      Alice tried on
     several more outfits but only decided to keep a pair of
     jeans and a T-shirt that proudly stated, "YES I AM",
     and in smaller letters "pregnant".
          Susan decided that Alice should wear the T-shirt
     and jeans.      Alice returned to the dressing room and
     changed into her maternity outfit, handing her
     "regular" clothes to Susan.
          Because she was still so small Alice could no
     longer see the bulge of her belly with these expanded
     clothes. She hoped for an acceleration of her pregnancy
     so she would look "more pregnant".      Not very much
     changed over the next several weeks.  Each morning
     after she "pumped" for an hour or so, Susan would
     attach the apparatus that added liquid to her belly
     bladder.      Her belly harder and she felt fuller but
     Alice wasn't as large as she hoped to be.  She could
     still see that feature that gave away her true identity
     but she did notice that she had to lean forward a
     little more, it seemed, each day.
          By the end of the third month almost twelve pounds
     of fluid had been added to the bladder in Alice's
     belly. Alice was beginning to feel a strange sensation
     as if there was "motion" within her make shift "womb". 
     The first few times it happened she didn't know what to
     make of it.  When it became pretty regular she decided
     to ask Susan how it might be happening.
          Susan had the explanation.  Alice's "womb" as they
     now called the bladder was fitted with suspended
     weights that would float and move once the liquid level
     reached a certain point.  It would start like the
     slight sensations a new mother would feel when she
     thought she felt "motion" and get more "active" as the
     pregnancy progressed.  Alice wouldn't be awakened at
     night with any sudden kicks but during the day in the
     coarse of her activities she would have some constant
     movement in her abdomen.      Alice again didn't know
     how to thank Susan enough.
          During the next month the two girls did a lot of
     talking about babies and the feelings of pregnancy. 
     From all that had been done Alice was feeling many of
     the things they talked about.  She had become
     accustomed the to weight in her belly and the morning
     nausea had subsided.
          By the end of the fourth month almost twenty
     pounds had been added to the "womb" and her clothes no
     longer "hid" her pregnancy.  What was more satisfying
     to Alice was the fact that she could no longer see the
     extremity that would give away her secret.
          Even Alice's breast had grown considerably.  They
     weren't big by any means but they filled the "B" cup
     nursing bra and Alice was proud.
          Alice was surprised how often Susan wanted to have
     sex.  Most times Susan would have her strip completely
     nude before they would start their love making or have
     Alice put on Alan's underwear.  Alice found this a
     strange reversal of delight.  She had longed to get out
     of Alan pants and into panties she could enjoy but now
     she had worn panties for so long that Alan's cotton
     shorts were an interesting turn-on when they were
     pulled over her bloating belly.
          The two enjoyed long sessions of foreplay with a
     large amount of time suckling each others breasts and
     Susan massaging Alice's swollen belly.
          The enormity and the hardness of his cock reminded
     Alan that he was still a man and he loved driving it
     home into Susan's warm hole.  Alan's passion was
     intensified by the movement he felt in his belly while
     pounding his manhood into Susan.  Their climaxes
     intensified as they found new ways to accommodate
     Alice's growing belly.      With his manhood buried in
     Susan hole it was difficult to determine which of them
     was being screwed.  Two pairs of breasts could be seen
     while the swollen belly disguised Alan's gender.     
     Alice remained on the bed, Susan stepped into the
     bathroom for that cleansing ritual that was necessary
     after being screwed.  Susan hadn't yet figured a way
     for Alice to experience the discomfort of cum running
     down her legs but she was working on it.
          Alice enjoyed the reflection of her swelling body
     that could be seen in the dresser mirror.  Her belly
     was nicely rounded and her breasts were definitely
     larger.  The staff that had just exploded in Susans
     warm folds was now deflated and almost minuscule in
     comparison to the mound of flesh above.  Alice slightly
     crossed her legs to obscure this distraction from the
     view she enjoyed.
          As Alice entered her sixth month of pregnancy she
     began experience less erotic emotions when getting
     dressed and had even noticed a sense of tiring of the
     delight.  Alice was beginning to want this to be over. 
     In comparison with Alan's normally flat belly, Alice
     was now enormous.  A distinct forward weight in breast
     flesh was a constant reminder of her engorging titties. 
     Titties that now were producing about six ounces of
     milk each day due to Susans required two hour
     "pumping".  During their lovemaking Susan would suckle
     a mouthful from those bloated breasts then let it flood
     over Alice's penis as she sucked it to life.      
     Alice's back and shoulders constantly ached as she
     strained muscles to walk upright with this mound
     extending in front of her.  Six months of pregnancy was
     taking its toll.      Alice now ventured out of the
     house freely.  Alan and Susan never had much contact
     with the neighbors so there was no one to question
     Alice's arrival.
          Alice was even able to stroll the block in front
     of their house.  If a passerby would wave she would
     smile and continue to walk.  Alice's mental state had
     improved greatly and the physical burden of her
     condition had become as difficult to deal with as the
     psychological strain had been.      The three and four
     inches heels that Alice loved to wear had to be replace
     with flats and even sneakers because Alice's "pregnant
     waddle" was accentuated when she wore heels.      As
     Alice neared her ninth month she marked the calendar
     two weeks before and two weeks after what she thought
     would be her "due date".  She circled the days in
     alternating blue and pink and wrote across the page
     "baby days".
          In the ninth month of pregnancy, Alice had gained
     almost thirty five pounds.      Alice had remained very
     active, losing many pounds of body fat so the weight
     gain was substantial and disproportionate to her frame. 
     The flesh build up around her breasts probably
     accounted for a couple of pounds but most of the "gain"
     was in the fluid that had been pumped into the
     "artificial womb", stretching her abdominal skin paper
     thin.  Many tiny blood vessels could be seen through
     the opaqueness of her flesh.  The pressure and
     stretching had caused some those vessels to rupture,
     forming spider like images over most of her bloated
     belly.  Down the middle of that swollen mound, Susan
     had drawn a red-brownish line to mimic the condition
     know as xxxxxx,      Late in August, Alice had now been 
     pregnant for almost eleven and a half months.  She had
     suffered the exhausting heat of two summers.  It hadn't
     been so bad in the early part of her pregnancy when she
     was able to enjoy the newness of the situation.  It was
     even fun buying all the nice maternity sportswear, and
     Alice loved maternity swim wear.
          Now it was a struggle to maintain any type of
     positive front.  Alice was no longer comfortable with
     her condition.  She wanted it to be over.
          Susan had made Alice gain over forty-five pounds
     and those who saw her would say she was "all baby". The
     bladders construction held all the fluid, high and
     forward.      Alice clearly endured an unbelievable
     amount of pain and discomfort.  She rarely got dressed
     past putting on a bra and stretching into the largest
     support panty she could find.  She had grown out of all
     her pretty maternity clothes and was relegated to a few
     T's and a large Muumuu that could have, in her mind,
     blanketed an elephant.      The glamour of pregnancy
     had long ago escaped from Alice's mind.      Alice's
     pregnancy had been a roller coaster ride of excitement
     and disappointment.      Alice contemplated the end as
     she caught the reflection of her bloated body in the
     bath's full length mirror.      Recalling his male
     persona, Alan fought to find the maleness in the
     visage.      The reflected image gave little
     representation of a male human.  The life style he had
     led over the last year had physically changed his body. 
     The curves were definitely more accentuated.  The
     breasts were not voluptuous but were the breasts of a
     young woman.  Those breasts stood pointed and firm
     below rather bony shoulders that accented the size of
     her tits.
          Alice couldn't find Alan in the picture.  His
     small penis was easily obscured by the enormity of the
     mock pregnant belly.
          Only Alice was reflected.
          Pretty, pregnant Alice.  Alice ready to give
     birth.
          Susan entered the room without making a sound and
     for several minutes observed Alice examining the her
     pregnant figure.
          Susan was pleased with her work.  She felt she had
     given Alan his wildest dream and then some.      It had
     always been Susan's intention to carry this beyond the
     pretty side that Alan had always associated with being
     pregnant.     Susan wanted him to understand the
     discomforts and even feel as much of the pain as could
     be produced.
          Susan held Alice with the comforting grasp that
     only a woman who has undergone childbirth could know.   
       She soothed the breasts that after daily stimulation
     would readily give up their white sticky nectar.  With
     her middle fingers she smeared the leaking fluid over
     the mass of her breasts.      Stretching to clasp her
     hands under Alice enlarged belly Susan gently lifted,
     holding back much of the strain Alice had been feeling
     in her back muscles. Susan thought she detected a sigh
     of relief, then taunted Alice with, "it will get
     worse".      Susan handed Alice a brightly wrapped
     package.
          She explained that these would be her "keepsake"
     mementos of her "childbirth".  That they would be
     "stained" with Alice's "labor".
          Alice could scarcely imagine what was in store. 
     She knew it would involve pain but she couldn't
     comprehend how or how much.
          Alice quickly got into her new garments.  She was
     even pleased, her new wardrobe had not yet been
     stretched by the months of pregnancy like many of her
     other garments.  Alice had tired of the mishapened look
     of many of her clothes.  Susan told her that ones one
     of the "depressing" parts of pregnancy and that she
     just wasn't allowed to buy new clothing at every whim.
          Alice loved the femininity in the dress that Susan
     had selected.  It was all "little girl" with it's
     pinafore cover over soft crushed purple velvet.  The
     waist was set just below her breasts and there was
     ample material to drape around her expanded middle yet
     hang evenly just inches above her knees.      Alice
     felt like she was going to a party
          She was happy.
          Preparing her "suitcase" for after the "birth" was
     Alice's next task.  Several new nursing bras where on
     top. Susan had told her to be prepared to need them.
          Alice's heart raced as she pondered having a baby
     at her breast, though knowing Susan, she suspected that
     would not be the case.
          Several nursing gowns were tucked to the side as
     were "post natal" panty briefs.  The usual cosmetics
     for making a girl feel good during times of distress
     were neatly arranged in the center of the case.     
     Alice was ready for the last stage of her "adventure".  
        The "girls" headed for the car.  Susan in command,
     assisted Alice by supporting her arm as she struggled
     to walk upright.
          It had been a couple of months since Alice had
     made a trip in the car.  The difficulty she encountered
     trying to get her swollen body to bend in the required
     direction reminded her why she had refrained from
     travelling in the later stages of her "pregnancy".
          As the headed to the freeway, Alice sat quietly,
     her hands gently caressing the large mound that formed
     her lap.
          Alice's face was fixed with a blank expression. 
     She just stared in the direction they were travelling,
     yet contemplating what the "birth" would be like.  She
     was undergoing no pain, though Susan had said she would
     experience "labor".
          When they exited the roadway onto a seldom used
     highway, Alice was jolted by a sudden "dip" in the
     pavement.  There was a sharp blow as the free floating
     weights of the simulator struck her internal organs,
     followed by an urgent need to urinate.
          The roughness of the terrain continued to amplify
     the motion of the devices built with in the bladder.    
      Alice felt like her insides were being torn apart and
     now there was almost a constant pounding in an area
     just above her diminished penis.
          All of a sudden Alice felt a strange "wetness"
     spread in her panties.  She couldn't believe she had
     wet herself but she said to Susan, "slow down your
     making me pee my panties".      "No", Susan responded,
     "that's your water breaking.  The bladder has been
     designed to release about a quart of fluid when
     agitated."
          "Enjoy the "discomfort" and "embarrassment" of
     travelling to the hospital in wet panties", she
     continued.      "Of coarse you could always remove your
     panties if you wish", Susan finished then remained
     quite.      The flow of wetness seemed to stop and
     Alice felt like she was sitting on a warm spot of the
     seat.      Alice knew there would be a "wet spot" on
     her dress when she exited the car.  Though she felt
     most people should know it was from the water breaking,
     something of which she had no control, she was worried
     that some would think she lost control of her bladder
     and had peed he panties.  That was the most
     embarrassing thought.      As they drove Alice
     remembered thoughts of the last two years.  It was hard
     to believe that her "ordeal" had started that long ago. 
     She had started over as a baby girl and now felt as
     much a woman as she would ever be able to do.  In many
     ways she thanked Susan, she even believed Susan got as
     much enjoyment of out of the experience as she.
          Alice began to notice the intensity of the
     discomfort from the motion in her "womb".  If she
     wasn't "in labor" she surely was experiencing an amount
     of pain from the contraption.      Alice's breathing
     rhythm was interrupted by the sensations exploding in
     her abdomen.  She was having to take much shallower and
     shorter breaths.  Anxiety was filling her head from the
     uncertainty of the coming events. An amount of
     perspiration began to form on her brow causing her
     makeup to begin to run.  The sticky sweet river ran
     cross her lips and sent its' flavor to Alice's already
     overly stimulated brain cells.      The events became a
     vicious circle of intensifying stimulus.      When the
     car entered the pillared gates of the large house,
     Alice breathed a slow sigh of relief.      She was
     sitting in a pool of water that had become very
     uncomfortable with a wet itch.      The constant
     pounding had produced a numbness in the top of her
     legs.      Alice knew it would be difficult to exit the
     car when they stopped.      Susan parked the vehicle at
     the side entrance of the large house.  She hurried to
     Alice's door and opened it for her.       Alice was
     enjoying the special treatment.
          As Alice got to her feet she felt the heaviness
     the wetness had added to her dress.      On unsteady
     legs Alice walked through the doorway.
          They were greeted by two professionally dressed
     gentlemen and a rather young nurse.      The gentlemen
     escorted Susan into an office while the nurse taking
     Alice by the arm steered her into a room directly
     across from the men.
          The young girl introduced herself as Bobbie and
     explained that she would be with Alice through the rest
     of her ordeal.
          Bobbie hinted that this would be a preview of what
     was in store for her.      Bobbie lifted the hem of
     Alice's dress and carefully pulled it over her head. 
     Once she had hung the dress she returned to Alice's
     side.  Bobbie lay her hands on Alice's breasts,
     daintily tracing the patterns of flowers covering the
     cups.
          Bobbie commented, "your breasts are so hard, are
     they real?"      "I can assure you they are real",
     Alice replied, "I'm even getting about twelve ounces of
     milk from them each day.  It's been part of my
     training", she finished.
          Opening the cups Alice invited Bobbie to taste of
     her mothers milk.      Without hesitation Bobbie's
     mouth began hungrily slurping at Alice's breasts and
     the sticky white nectar coated her tongue.
          "You taste so good", Bobbie told Alice, "I hope I
     am able to develop such nice breasts and fill them with
     milk like you have."
          Alice was getting turned on by this willing
     creature nurturing at her breasts but she knew she
     didn't have time for such endeavors.  The weight of her
     abdomen was reminding her that she needed to lie down.  
        "I'm sorry", Bobbie said as she noticed Alice
     showing her discomfort.      "Remove the rest of your
     clothes and I will get you a gown", Bobbie instructed.  
        The gown was nothing more than what appeared to be a
     large white t-shirt.  Not very flattering nor feminine
     in Alice's eyes.  The gown barely covered to mid thigh
     and was stretched by the expanse of Alice's bloated
     stomach.      Bobbie led Alice to a the birthing table. 
     It was very similar to the examining table she had been
     on earlier in her pregnancy but several additional
     supports had been added.  The stirrups appeared to be
     hinged and the foot of the table also looked like it
     could be lowered.
          There was a trough from about mid-table, curiously
     enough around the pelvic region, ending in a bowl shape
     at the foot of the table.
          Alice could not determine how the interconnecting
     rods and pulleys would operate once she was on the
     table but she knew she would find out.
          Bobbie helped Alice onto the table and gently
     helped raise her legs into the stirrups.      With her
     legs firmly captured, fear seized Alice.
          Alice was also embarrassed by the exposure of her
     distended belly to the open air.  Her long neglected
     genitals were cooled by blowing air conditioning.  At
     any other time it would quickly have produced an
     arousal but she was in so much pain and discomfort
     nothing was going to spark any life it that last
     vestige of her manhood.      Bobbie just held Alice's
     hand and kept assuring her things would proceed soon.   
       Alice had been strapped into the stirrups for almost
     an hour when she asked if Bobbie would find Susan.
     Bobbie explained that she was not to leave the room and
     that if she did Alice's "waiting" would be "extended". 
     It was therefore in Alice's best interest to be patient
     and wait.      Less than ten minutes later Susan and
     the two gentlemen entered the room.  Alice was glad she
     waited.      The men raised Alice's gown.  Each in turn
     tried to compress the swollen mound of flesh that rose
     from the table.  The pressure sent a stream of urine
     flying from the stunted member laying flat between her
     legs.      "I believe we're ready to let her "deliver"
     ", they concurred.      With that the older gentleman
     produced a short piece of tubing from his pocket and
     affixed it to the belly button plug of Alice's
     pregnancy simulator.
          In the overhead mirror Alice could see that the
     hose extended just into the trough of the table.  She
     could also see that a slow stream of liquid was
     escaping from the tube.      The younger man at her
     side began to explain, "this is how you will experience
     childbirth.  The fluid will slowly drain from your
     "womb" and as it does it will fill the bowl at the base
     of the table.  When it fills sufficiently it will drain
     to the side starting the legs stirrups to extend
     outward.  At some point we will attach a suction device
     to that remnant of a penis and you will have a feeling
     of a truck being driven out between your legs.  As your
     "labor" progresses the weight of the escaping fluid
     will add intensity to the suction and the spread of the
     stirrups. Since the time "in labor" is not predictable,
     this could take anywhere from a few minutes to many
     hours."      Alice was already enduring significant
     discomfort as her legs had been in the stirrups for
     almost two hours. She was not sure she could endure
     many more minutes of this yet alone "hours".     
     Bobbie was still holding her hand as Alice watched the
     clock pass the three hour mark.  The bowl was about
     three quarters full so no additional pressure had been
     applied to her legs.  Then a distinct click could be
     heard and the bowl tipped to the right spilling its
     contents into tube attached to the side of the table. 
     There was an abrupt pressure on the leg stirrup and it
     rachetted down a notch.      A stab of pain was felt
     throughout her body as the bed did its work.      The
     added discomfort did not produce an audible response
     from Alice only a noticeable disruption of her
     breathing as the suddenness of the jolt attacked her
     senses.      Bobbie's hand tightened on Alice's as she
     gulped to regain her breathing rithymn.  Soft taps to
     Alice's wrist seemed to pace the breaths she struggled
     to take.
          The pressure on Alice's legs remained steady and
     did not lessen.      Several more hours then passed,
     beads of perspiration covered Alice's forehead, running
     in tiny streams down her cheeks.  The bladder continued
     to empty it's fluid into the reservoir of the table and
     Alice could only anticipate the next jolt of pain.
          The mechanical sound of the apparatus turning
     could be heard as the bowl tipped to the left, filling
     the tube as it had done hours ago on the right.
          The click, then the ratcheting could be heard. 
     The intensive jolt on her left leg seemed double the
     pain she had felt previously.
          An audible yelp escaped her lips as the tremor
     travelled the length of her body.      "Stop this," she
     screamed.
          Bobbie tightened her grip as she tried to bear the
     pain Alice was experiencing, knowing the same pain
     would be part of her future.
          "There's no way to stop it", Bobbie consoled.
          "It will finish soon and you will be happier for
     the experience", she added.      Alice would not
     entertain the thought of ever being happy for having
     experienced this torture.      She screamed for Susan.
          "Get that bitch in here".
          "She's the one responsible for doing this to me."
          "Get her here so I can curse her for what she's
     done".      Bobbie remained steadfast at Alice's side. 
     She knew there would be these outburst and was there to
     comfort her.
          Alice had been "in labor" for almost six hours. 
     Her swollen belly had not diminished much even though
     two pans of fluid had been drained.
          Alice's lower back was in agony.  Her legs had
     been in these stirrups long past reasonable memory.     
     The "doctors" entered the room, glanced over the
     equipment and felt the softening of Alice's belly.     
     "Stage two", the young "doctor" was heard to say as he
     flip on a switch that produced hiss of air as it's pump
     came up to speed.  Then Alice felt the soft rubbery
     device being guided over hr lifeless penis.  The
     hissing sound ceased but the pulsing suction applied to
     that dormant appendage added new sensations to Alice's
     agony.      The birthing simulator made it's familiar
     groan.  Once again applying more pressure to the right
     side of Alice's body.
          "Bitch! Bitch!.  Susan you bitch, where are you?,
     Alice screamed at the top of her lungs.      Bobbie
     still steadfastly held Alice's hand.  She grimaced as
     her mind drew pictures of the pain retching Alice's
     body.
          Bobbie no longer felt she had to experience the
     "joy of motherhood".  This painful demonstration had
     removed from her thoughts all fantasies of motherhood
     being a pleasurable experience but Bobbie knew she had
     no way to escape the same fate being hers.
          Almost sixteen hours had past and Alice could not
     see a significant decrease in the size of her distended
     abdomen.  An enormous amount of pressure was steadily
     pulling down on Alice's raised thighs.  There appeared
     to be no end in sight.
          The "doctors" returned to her bedside.  Alice
     could hear them discussing the "slowness" of the
     "birth" as they planned ways to "speed it up".
          Each "doctor" in turn would apply an amount of
     pressure to her abdomen.  This would force the fluid to
     flow faster.  Their plan was to force enough fluid at
     each attempt to trigger the cycle of the machine.  This
     would be their way of simulating those last few minutes
     of birth when the pain/pleasure threshold came closer
     together.      As the "doctors" worked, Alice lost
     count of the times the machine cycled.  She knew if the
     pain did not subside she would lose consciousness and
     then it was dark.      Alice was flat on a bed when she
     awoke.  Her legs were still numb from the violence of
     the "birthing simulator".
          Her room was quite.  A deafening quite bathed in
     darkness.  There was not even enough light for Alice to
     see the hand she held in front of her face.
          A "fear" raced through her body as she groped for
     the area between her thighs expecting the "worse".  She
     was still "intact".  A sigh of relief escaped her lips. 
     She still had substantial "breasts" so it had not "all
     been a dream".
          In the quiet of the room Alice strained to hear
     any noise.      Nothing.
          Deprived of her senses, Alice forced her mind to
     conjure up sights and sounds.  Her brain played the
     sound of babies crying.  A nursery of infants played in
     her mind.  Then there was one that appeared in clear
     view.  Ones who's plaintiff cry called her "mommy".
          Alice lifted the infant from her crib, kissed her
     cheek and put the hungry mouth to her breast. 
