                              ALCATRASH
                              ---------

    Tommy grasped the bars of the cell and gingerly pulled himself up.
His body  ached all  over, and  he could  feel the  crust on his back,
where the  flesh had  been cut  and broken,  crack and  start to bleed
again.

    His mind  was slowly clearing and details of the night before were
becoming vivid.  He had  been trying to mind his business, but Bud had
kept badgering him and picking on him until he had completely lost his
temper. Taking  careful aim, he drew back his fist and let fly with an
uppercut to  bud's nose.  Blood spurted  and bud  fell to  the  ground
writhing in  agony. Tommy  hurriedly beat  a retreat and had spent the
rest of the day near his cell and out of the way of the other men.

    Bud was the unofficial leader of his tier in the cellblock and an-
swered to Sam, the self appointed leader of the block. Tommy knew that
there would  be repercussions, and that they would come swiftly, with-
out warning.

    Walking back  from the mess-hall after supper, Tommy suddenly felt
hands grasp  his elbows and wrists. Before he could wrench free Woods-
man and  Kinky, two  of the biggest cons in the joint, were beside him
leading him away from the line of men heading back to their cells, and
guiding him to the machine shop.

    The shop  was dark  when they arrived but soon a couple of trouble
lights were  turned on casting an eerie glow through the equipment and
adequately lighting  the area  around an old anvil. Kinky and Woodsman
quickly threw  Tommy over  the anvil and secured his ankles to it with
wire that  had already been cut for this purpose. He was forced to lie
across the anvil and his wrists were bound to the bottom using more of
the wire.  Oily rags  were stuffed  into his mouth and kept there with
strips of  tape. As Tommy glanced up, he could see the legs of more of
the cons coming into the shop.

    Tommy felt hands ripping the shirt from his back, and the icy cold
blades of a large pair of tin snips cutting the back of his pants. The
material was  torn from  his body  leaving him  naked except  for  his
shoes.

    Writhing violently,  Tommy only felt his bonds grow tighter. Jerk-
ing his  arms he could feel the wire starting to cut into the flesh of
his wrists. Tommy's body suddenly jerked violently, an agonized scream
filtering through  the gag  in his  mouth, as he felt his balls jerked
back between  his legs and the jaws of a small vice slowly crush them.
The vice  was tightened  so it  would not fall off and it was dropped,
stretching his ball sack to the maximum. Tommy's body jerked in spasms
as wave  after wave  of pain  enveloped him,  accompanied by the cruel
laughter of the cons around him.

    Bud grabbed  several small, bare wires and twisting them in one of
his huge  hands he brought them up over his head and with a evil laugh
violently slashed  them into  Tommy's back.  Again and again the wires
plummeted down, cutting and ripping Tommy's flesh causing the floor to
become wet with his dripping blood.

    Tommy's body  thrashed against his restraints as each lash was ap-
plied. His mind becoming befuddled and his cries escaping the gag that
was in  his mouth.  He could  feel the blood running from his back and
legs. Slowly  everything went  black as  Tommy's body relaxed into the
welcome nothingness of unconsciousness.

    Sam, seeing  that Tommy had passed out, grabbed Bud's wrist in his
powerful paw  and said, "I think that the boy has had enough, now I am
going to  get me  a piece  of his ass--outta my way!" Ripping open his
pants, he  pulled out  his huge  cock. The cock was swollen and purple
with a  long foreskin dripping over its mushroom head. Wiping his hand
across Tommy's  back, Sam  lubricated the cock with blood and grasping
Tommy's hips  in his paws, gave a violent thrust which buried the mas-
sive cock  deep in  Tommy's creamy  ass. His hips moving like pistons,
Sam fucked  the ass  with a vengeance felt in all of the men there. As
his climax neared, Sam's hips were a blur and his grunts were becoming
moans of  passion. He  screamed his climax and the cum gushed from his
cock, filling the hole that he was fucking.

    As Sam's  cock slid  from the  ass accompanied by huge gobs of his
bloodied cum,  the other men fell on Tommy like animals. They tore the
gag from  his face  and cocks were shoved down his throat while others
were shoved  up his  ass. Huge  loads of  jism were  unloaded into his
silent body,  and streams  of yellow  piss washed  over him  time  and
again.

    The floor was awash with piss, blood and cum when the warning bell
for lock-up  was sounded.  As silently  as they had come, the men made
their way  out of  the shop  leaving Tommy's body there, still tied to
the anvil.

    It was later that night when the screw and Damian (one of the mem-
bers of  the board of prison supervisors) were making their rounds af-
ter a  hot session  with the  warden, that they noticed a light in the
shop and  went in  to check.  Finding the  still unconscious body tied
there, the screw looked at Damian and said, "I'll go and get some med-
ication for that back while you get him untied."

    Damian looked  at the  still body of Tommy and felt anger building
in his  body. Tommy  was his favourite slave who he had planted in the
joint as  his snitch.  Tommy knew  better than  to have gotten himself
into a  situation such  as this.  Looking around  for a moment, Damian
knew what  he would  do. Picking  up a  "D" ring, Damian turned on the
welder and  attached a  handle to  the ring. Placing the ring into the
flame of  an acetylene  torch, he heated it to cherry red. Letting the
ring cool  until it became dark Damian applied it quickly to the right
cheek of  Tommy's ass  and then watched as a "D" appeared, burned into
the tender  skin. "That'll  remind him  who's property  he is," Damian
thought as he cut the wires binding Tommy to the anvil.

    Grabbing a  hose, Damian  washed Tommy  down, as  the  boy  slowly
stirred and  came back to a semi-conscious state. Screw came back into
the shop  as Damian  was douching  Tommy with  the hose. Together they
worked the ointment into the cuts on Tommy's body. Screw looked at the
brand on  Tommy's ass and then at Damian, smiling he said nothing, but
just nodded as he handed Damian more of the ointment to work into it.

    Together, Damian and Screw helped the still befuddled Tommy to his
cell and  covered his still naked body with a light sheet. Leaving the
boy there  screw and Damian headed back to the warden's office to dis-
cuss what  their next  plan of  action would  be, and to take up where
they had  left off with the warden, who at this time was tied over his
desk with a catheter dripping from his cock!
