                            Being Taught a Lesson

        There can't be anything worse than being 18 and having your mother
   catch you fucking your boyfriend right?  Wrong.  Mom caught us alright,
   but she not only caught me, but she caught my cousin, Ann, too.  We were
   both in my bed, with my boyfriend.  She walked in just after Jim came in
   Ann's pussy, and Ann continued to suck my clit for about 10 seconds before
   she was aware that, as she put it, "the jig was up".
        Mom was pretty cool, since we were both 18, and Jim was 20. But she
   made Jim leave, and then told us to meet her in the living room after we
   got ourselves dressed.  Mom and Dad divorced when I was eight, so she had
   taken the time to explain sex to me at an early age, and even get me on
   "the pill" when I turned 15, telling me that she wasn't condoning sex at
   an early age, but she knew all too well what urges would be stirring
   within me.  Mom was only 17 when I was born, and she didn't want me to go
   through the same things.  Now, I was afraid that her "cool" would
   evaporate, having seen me let Ann lick my pussy.
        She started out tell us that she thought we were being reckless, and
   that we should be old enough to know how to protect against being
   "discovered" like that.  She went on about having "unprotected" sex, even
   though she knew Ann was on the pill.  Her cool had gone, but she wasn't
   really pissed off, just a little bit irritated.  We were told to go to our
   rooms, and Ann went into the guest room, while I plopped on my own bed.
   Mom had said something about figuring out the proper "punishment" to
   "teach us a lesson".  I was too young to be sentenced to dishpan hands,
   and the idea of spending my summer dragging around a vaccuum cleaner and
   washing windows didn't appeal to me either.
        I heard mom make a few phone calls from the front of the house, and
   then go into her study.  The clacking of her computer keyboard could be
   heard, and then the printer's buzzing.  Not long afterwards we were called
   into the hall, and mom gave us a couple of forms and ballpoint pens.
        "Answer these questionaires, honestly!  I'll give you thirty
   minutes." she said.  The way she emphasized the word "honestly" made me
   curious.  We were sent back into our rooms, alone, to answer the
   questions.
        The form was a sex-quiz, and I thought that she was trying to see how
   much we knew.  The first few were easy.  "Have you ever had intercourse?
   If so, how many times (aprox)."   Then, "Do you masturbate? If so, how
   often?".  As I went down the list, answering somewhat honestly (yes, more
   than 10, yes, twice a week, and so on), I stopped at the next few
   questions.
        "Have you ever put anything in your rectum? What?"
        "Have you ever had anal sex? How many times?  Did you like it?"
        "Have you ever had oral sex? Give or receive? Did you like it? Why?"
        "What is your favorite position? Why?"
        "What is your favorite sexual fantasy (briefly)?"
        "Have you ever had sex with another woman? Did you like it?"
        "Have you ever had sex with more than one or two people at a time?"
        You get the idea.  There were almost thirty five questions, and with
   just thirty minutes, you had to answer truthfully, or say no to them just
   to get through them all.
        Mom lied. We got forty minutes.  She collected the forms and told us
   to wait in our rooms.  About ten minutes or so later, she called Ann into
   her bedroom and talked to her for about fifteen minutes.  Then she called
   me in, with Ann returning to her room, looking sheepish.
        "Darling," Mom began, "I'm glad you enjoy sex, but you need to know
   how to treat it. It's not the most important thing in the world you know."
        I nodded. She told me that sex was fun, and that sex and love were
   two different things, but sex WITH love was the best.  I nodded again.
   Then she handed me one of the forms and told me to read it.  I did, and
   quickly noticed that it was Ann's left-handed scripted writing.
        Ann had answered honestly, as far as my memory went, saying that she
   had had sex, masturbated almost daily, had done anal sex, oral sex, and
   liked it "doggy style", and had been to bed with women (me included), and
   group sex. But what got me was her fantasy. "To be eaten out by Julie
   while three guys take turns pleasing me, in front of a group of other
   people."  I'm Julie.
        Mom's eyebrow raised when I looked back at her.  I knew what I'd
   written as my fantasy (my second favorite actually), and that was to make
   love with two guys outdoors in the warm sunshine where anyone could see
   us.
        "Ann's got a crush on you." Mom said. "How do you feel about that?"
        I loved Ann, and we'd pleased each other several times since she'd
   come out from back east for the summer.  "I'm glad." I said, truthfully.
   Mom only smiled and told me to return to my room. I realized that she'd
   probably shown mom my answers, and felt a little embarrassed about being
   so open herself.
   I heard mom making some more phone calls, and wondered who she was
   calling. More to the point, I wondered if she was telling someone about
   all of this. Before I could try to eavesdrop, she was off the phone and
   calling us into the hall.
        Mom told us to shower, shave our legs, and get dressed in the clothes
   she would lay out for us, and that we should hurry.  We would be leaving
   at half past six.  That gave us only about forty five minutes, so Ann and
   I went into the bathroom, stripped and jumped in the shower.  With time
   against us, we didn't play around (well, not much), but we both wondered
   what mom was rushing us for.
        Wrapped in towels, we returned to our rooms to get dressed.  On my
   bed, mom had laid out a light cotton halter dress.  I was going to my
   dresser to get underwear, when I noticed something under my dress.  It was
   a deep blue garter belt and a pair of sheer nylons.  Something inside me
   told me that whatever mom had planned, I'd probably enjoy it.  I opened a
   drawer to get a pair of panties, and stared at the empty drawer.  Inside
   was a note on one of those post-it notes: "Julie, you won't wear anything
   except what is on your bed."  Mom had even put a pair of her sexy shoes on
   the bed, so I dressed, fumbling with the unfamiliar clasps of the garter
   belt.  The halter dress was light and airy, coming down only to about
   three inches above the knee. I have nice breasts so the dress felt snug,
   holding my breasts firmly, although they tended to sag a little in this
   particular dress.  Once dressed, with five more minutes to spare, I tried
   to dry my hair. Both Ann and I have long blonde hair, which seems to drive
   guys crazy.  Mine is down to mid-back, with Ann's just below her
   shoulders.  I could hear Ann's hair dryer blowing too.
        I quickly finished my makeup, and met mom and Ann in the front room.
   Ann was beautifully dressed in a short denim skirt, dark stockings, and a
   peach colored midriff top that showed off her flat, tanned tummy and her
   sexy navel.  Her hair was still damp, mine was wet.  The best part of
   living in Las Vegas is that your hair dries quickly, especially in the
   summer. Mom was wearing one of her sensible dresses, and carrying a nylon
   bag that I assumed held her excercise stuff. Tonight was Thursday, and she
   went to the gym every Tuesday and Thursday night. She herded us into the
   car and began to drive, ignoring Ann's questions about where we were
   going.  Just outside of town she stopped.
        "I'm taking you girls to some place very special." She said. "And,
   right now, I want you to trust me completely."  This seemed a little
   melodramatic, but we nodded our agreement. She handed us a pair of black
   masks, the type some people use to sleep during the day.  Mom used to work
   as a dealer in some of the casinos, sleeping while I went to school, and
   I'd see her use these masks.  We put on the masks, and after she checked
   them, the car started moving again.
        "This place is very special, but I don't want you to know where it
   is. Not just yet anyway." She said. "Otherwise, I may never get you two
   out of it."
        I began to wonder if there was a brothel nearby or something. Or
   maybe it was one of those nudist camps people talked about.  All sorts of
   things went through my mind.  We drove for about twenty more minutes
   before the car stopped. We were told to keep our masks on, and then led
   inside a building with three steps.  A woman's voice greeting mom as an
   old friend, and then we were led to another room.  Mom removed our masks,
   and we were standing in a locker room. I wondered what kind of spa mom had
   joined, thinking it was her gym.  Mom led us to a locker and told us to
   remove only our dresses and shoes, and to put our masks back on once we'd
   finished.  She went back around the corner and we heard her open a locker
   and begin to undress too.
        Ann and I shrugged, and removed our dresses, putting our shoes in the
   locker with them.  Ann wasn't wearing a garterbelt, but pantyhose, without
   the panty part. They looked like pantyhose equivilants to garterbelts.
   She eyed my garterbelt, running her finger along a support, brushing her
   hand against my bush lightly.  I slapped her hand playfully, and we waited
   for mom, putting our masks back on.
        Mom told us we both looked very sexy, and took our hands, leading us
   out of the locker room.  We entered another room, with deep soft carpeting
   that felt good between our toes.  There were other people in the room, and
   I felt embarassed, and excited, as their voices hushed.  A woman greeted
   mom and asked her if we were ready.  She said yes, and that we had been
   very cooperative. I felt a presence in front of me, warm, radiant, and
   sensual.  The woman's voice was soft, yet husky.
        "Welcome." She said. "We're going to introduce you to pleasures like
   you have never imagined.  At any time you may elect to leave, and no one
   will stop you. All you must do is say the word 'Choirboy', and you may
   leave."  We will not force you into anything you do not want to do, and
   the way you express that is to say the word 'Orchid'.  Do you understand?"
        Her soft, sexy voice seemed to caress the ear. I nodded, even though
   it seemed like a silly way to do things.  Both Ann and I were to repeat
   and explain the meanings of both words.
        After this was done, she asked another question. "You have both had
   sex with each other, yes?"  We told her we had.
        "Kiss each other." She told us.  Ann and I, blindfolded, found each
   other and kissed. It was incredibly erotic, standing almost naked in front
   of people we couldn't see, our breasts touching, and kissing one another.
   Somewhere, I also knew my mom was watching.
        "Good." The woman said. Another woman came up, and she told Ann to go
   with her. "This way Ann." The other woman said. Her voice was higher, and
   very pretty. I wondered if she was as pretty as her voice.  I'd already
   decided that the husky-voiced woman was about my height (five foot six),
   nicely shaped, with long dark hair, and a wide, sensual mouth. 
        She led me across the room, and now I felt nervous, without Ann
   nearby, I was alone in a crowded room.  She showed me where a table was,
   and a chair, and a sofa.  Then, we stepped back a little and she told me
   to spread my legs. Nervously I did, stopping when she was satisfied. 
        "Now keep your hands against your legs." She cautioned.
        I felt a hand caressing my breasts tenderly, tracing their shape, and
   running underneath them where they are sensitive.  The hands slid down my
   hips, and I felt lips close softly around my right nipple.  I was sure it
   was a woman by the touch, probably Ms. Sexyvoice.  Wrong. She began
   telling me that I was to receive pleasure, and that I need not give
   pleasure unless I wanted to. The lips around my nipple switched breasts,
   and continued.  I sure did want to GIVE as well as receive!  I wanted to
   see, then kiss Ms. Sexyvoice before I ate her pussy!
        The lips left my breasts, and I was told to kneel straight down, as
   there was someone waiting to lick my pussy below me.  I knelt, feeling
   hands guide my hips down, and then someone's face between my legs, licking
   me slowly, even lovingly. It felt great, and I relished the sensations (or
   is that SINsations?) Things began to move faster, and someone standing to
   my left began fondling my breast. I touched the arm, feeling a man's arm,
   strong, an a bit hairy.  I let my hand explore, and I found his swollen
   cock. It wasn't huge, but it was nice. He was stroking himself while he
   played with my breast.  Another hand came to my right breast, and my hand
   found another cock quickly.  I liked this idea of two guys give me
   pleasure slowly, calmly. 
        I could hear other voices, moaning in a sexual way all around the
   room. The man on my right pressed his penis to my mouth, and I let him
   enter, tasting his rubbery cock and catching his musky scent.  He moved in
   and out of my mouth, slowly, letting me tounge the head and shaft.  My
   pussy was soaking wet, and whoever was eating me was enjoying it and
   getting me really hot. The guys that  were near me switched, with the
   other man giving me his cock to suck.  His was a nice cock, not too big,
   not too small.  It filled my mouth where I just had to stretch but not so
   it was uncomfortably wide open.  They went back and forth changing off,
   and I was getting excited, thinking of them both coming.  The girl sucking
   my pussy (I'm sure it was a girl), reached up and squeezed my tits,
   running her hand so sensually over me that I moaned out loud. 
        I could hear Ann moaning, her sweet voice saying that she didn't want
   someone to stop whatever it was they were doing.  I heard a man's voice,
   near and in front of me, say "Ready guys?" and I wondered what he meant.
   Just as he said that, the girl began sucking my clit hard, her fingers
   sliding into my dripping pussy.  I felt like I was going to come, and she
   kept me there, her tounge wandering off just before I came.  I rocked my
   hips, trying to get her to make me come, but she knew how to keep me on
   the verge without letting me go over.  The cocks were out of my mouth,
   which was fine, I was breathing hard and concentrating on my own orgasm.
   I reached for my clit, only to feel strong feminine hands pull my arms
   behind me and hold them there.
        "Let me cum!" I moaned, only to hear Ms Sexyvoice tell me that I
   would come soon.  I was trying to make the girl suck my clit, working my
   hips all around on her face, but I couldn't make the contact I really
   wanted.  I heard a deep groan from one of the guys, and then a warm gush
   of his sperm landed on my tits. It felt warm, and it ran down against my
   nipple as more spurted onto me. I moaned, wanting to come right then, when
   another spurt, this one from the right, landed on my cheek. I felt his cum
   running down my neck and he kept on spurting until the side of my face,
   and my lips were warm and wet with his cream. It tasted pretty good, and I
   remembered that I was being watched, not only by strangers, but my own
   mother!  The man in front of me came then, his jism hitting me like a
   hose. I opened my mouth and felt him spurt onto my tounge, then my neck
   and chin.  It all felt good. Warm, wet, salty, and slick. I swallowed what
   was on my tounge, tasting his slightly tangy taste. 
        Suddenly, my clit was being sucked. Rotten timing! I was getting
   really close, and the sperm dribbling down my chest made me exquisitely
   hot.  I moaned loudly, shaking as I felt the first twinges. Then, then,
   THEN SHE STOPPED! 
        "Make me cum damnit!" I moaned, only to feel hands lifting me to my
   feet. Ms Sexyvoice spoke in soft, sexy tones. "You will have your turn to
   come." She said. "But we want to give you a night to remember." 
        Shit! They'd already done that!  She took my hand and walked me
   across the room, the cum on my breasts running down onto my belly, and
   some even dripping onto my thighs.  We stopped and Ms Sexyvoice told me to
   kneel down on all fours, and to keep my hands on the ground.  I did, only
   to feel a man slid his cock into my pussy. God it felt great!  Then a cock
   pressed against my lips, and I sucked it.  These guys worked like it was
   one, long cock, the one in my mouth pulling out as the guy behind me
   pushed it.  The one in my pussy was big enough that he stretched me a
   little, making me quiver with a need to come. I felt a mouth on my right
   tit, licking the cum off my nipple.  This went on for a while, until
   without much warning the guy came in my pussy, flooding me with his warm
   cum.  I wanted to reach back and get myself off so bad!!  I moaned, and
   kept trying to milk his cock into my pussy, so he would keep fucking me
   until I came, but he pulled out.  Just as I felt his creamy sperm leaking
   out of me, I got a mouthfull of sperm from the other guy. I swallowed it
   quickly, trying to keep up with his thick cum. He pulled out and a woman's
   mouth met mine, kissing me and licking my tounge and lips, and even my
   face.  I stuck my tounge out tasting sperm on her face too, and I was
   incredibly excited by that. I could hear Ann, closer to me now, moaning
   like she was about to come, and that made me moan too. 
        Ms Sexyvoice retuned, leading me over to what felt like a weight
   bench. It was narrow and padded. I was told to lay down on my back here,
   with my legs on either side of the bench.  I felt lips against my neck,
   and a tounge licking me, and then another pair on my left nipple. I felt
   hands roaming all over my stomach and breasts, rubbing the cum into my
   skin. There were two, maybe three girls, touching me.  Then, feminine
   hands slid up my thighs, and fingers spread my pussy open, rubbing against
   my sopped cunt, spreading around my juices and the sperm on my thighs.  I
   couldn't stay still, moaning and trying to get them to touch me where I
   wanted.  I was floating it seemed, and they were making me so horny that I
   thought I'd go crazy. I reached out and each hand found a breast, warm,
   full, and soft.  I began playing with them too, enjoying their soft skin. 
        I felt a cock press against my pussy, then realized it was the third
   girl sliding a dildo into me. I raised my hips up, letting her fill me
   with a huge didlo while her hair brushed my thighs.  I felt so good, so
   sensual, so HORNY! I didn't care anymore.  I floated along, enjoying the
   sensations.  The dildo was long and thick, and she worked it slowly at
   first, going faster and faster with each stroke, building up the speed
   like a slow freight train.  I was really enjoying this when I felt her
   press a dildo to my anus, and I got nervous. She had a remedy, licking my
   clit and teasing me until I relaxed my rear, and she could slid it into
   me.  It stretched me open, giving me a very full sensation, and coupled
   with the fake cock in my pussy, I felt wantonly wicked.  I began shaking,
   so very close, yet so far away.  Nothing existed except me, the girls, and
   those dildos. 
        I was moaning, and realized that a pussy was being lowered to my
   lips. The hair brushed against my lips and nose, and I licked at it. I
   licked it eagerly in fact, tasting fresh pussy juice and sperm mixed
   together.  I found her opening and licked up the thick creams, and then
   found her clit.  She had a large clit, and I sucked it like a little cock,
   flicking it with my tounge. She moaned and suddenly my face was getting
   soaked as her pussy squeezed out the sperm still inside, her own creams
   adding to the warm flood. Her hips rocked into me, and I stuck my tounge
   inside her pussy, feeling her spasming muscles grab at my tounge. She got
   up and another pussy replaced hers, this one shaved bare.  This girl had
   the sweetest tasting pussy, and no sperm in her. She even pulled her labia
   wide open and rode my mouth, rocking back and forth wildly.  My own hips
   were rocking, working in time with the dildos in my ass and cunt, getting
   closer, getting ready.  The girl was pumping them fast, alternating the
   strokes.  I moaned into a naked shaved cunt, licking her sweet juices and
   letting her soak my face. 
        Again, things stopped just before I came. I was getting really
   frustrated with not getting off.  I was so horny that I'd do anything to
   come.  This is just where I was supposed to be I found out days later. 
        Ms Sexyvoice led me again to another part of the room, and made me
   sit down, legs out and leaning back on my hands.  I felt hands from behind
   me cup my breasts, and then guys were coming on me.  The girl cupping my
   tits just held them, letting the thick sperm ooze over her fingers and my
   tits.  I don't know how many guys came on me, but when I was led back to
   the bench, I felt drenched.  My face was wet, come running down my neck
   and breasts, even down into my pubic hair. 
        This time, at the bench again, I was told to stand up and straddle
   the bench by Ms Sexyvoice, and lower myself slowly.  As I did, I felt her
   hands spread my ass cheeks and a cock, a real, live, warm cock press
   against my butt. He wasn't very big, and he slipped in easily.  It felt
   awfully sexy and really nasty when my legs were lifted off the floor so
   that all my weight forced him fully into my butt.  Feminie hands lifted my
   legs, and my arms were put around their shoulders. They began lifting and
   lowering me onto his cock, holding my legs wide open.  The guy lay still
   for a while, then the girls held me up, letting him fuck me from below.  I
   was hot, and when he came, he shot what felt like a quart of his jism into
   my ass.  I was ready for anything now, and I wanted to come so bad that I
   was ready to fight so I could finger my pussy. 
        Ms Sexyvoice returned once again, and led me over to the middle of
   the floor, and made me sit down. Again, legs wide and leaning back on my
   hands. This time, I heard another voice telling someone to kneel down, and
   I felt warm, damp skin brush my inner thighs.  I knew it was Ann, and I
   was very excited, knowing that she would make me cum if anyone would.
        "Your masks are going to be removed." Ms Sexyvoice said, and you will
   be given just three minutes together, to do what you wish." 
        My heart jumped. We can make each other come!  The mask was removed
   and I blinked.  The lighting was soft, somewhat dark. Ann was kneeling in
   front of me, and she was as covered with sperm and pussy juices as I was.
   Her hair was matted in places, and there were still thick streams of sperm
   near her mouth. 
        We kissed each other quickly, and then she stood up, pushing her cunt
   into my face. "Suck me bitch! Make me cum!" She spat.  I sucked her clit,
   and shoved three fingers into her slippery cunt, fucking her madly with
   fingers and tounge.  Ann began to moan and shake, pulling my head against
   her and rubbing her pussy against my face.  I stopped and looked up at
   her. 
        "Eat me too! Make me cum with you!" I pleaded with her.
        "Don't stop you fucking slut!" Ann hissed back, shoving my face to
   her pussy. "Make me cum all over your face!" 
        Ann was as bad off as I was, so I pulled free and pulled her down.
   Instead of fighting it, Ann turned around and lay her slick body down on
   top of me, spreading my legs wide and sucking my cunt crazily.  Her own
   pussy pressed against my mouth and I began sucking her too. 
        We fingerfucked each other and sucked our clits, until, at last, at
   long fucking last, I could feel my orgasm starting, and Ann's too, her
   pussy grabbing my fingers.  Just another few seconds. 
        Someone pulled her off of me, and hands pushed me down, pinning my
   arms to the floor.  "NO! GODDAMNIT IWANNACUM!" I screamed. Ann was
   screaming the same way. 
        My mother showed up, and I couldn't beleive my eyes.  She stood over
   us both, dressed in thigh high leather boots, with a leather harness that
   had large rings around her nipples, chains that ran between her legs, and
   fingerless leather gloves up to her elbows.  She stood with her hands on
   her hips, looking down at us. 
        "Let these sluts suck each other off." She said.
        Ms Sexyvoice told us to that we could make each other come. I turned
   and looked at her, seeing a lovely woman of about 28, with large full
   tits, dark hair, and a very sensual mouth looking at me.  Then I saw that
   her pussy was shaved bare, as was another, younger girl's who was
   fingering Ms Sexyvoice's cunt. 
        Ann moved over and we resumed our sixty-nine, both of us knowing that
   we could come.  Ann and I fingered and sucked each other, and I felt my
   pussy tightening up, getting ready, with no stopping now.  Ann's pussy was
   doing the same, and we were about to go over the edge together.  Ann came
   first, and she rocked her hips wildly.  Then I came, with a gut-wrenching,
   moaning, thrashing climax that sent my brain reeling. I could feel Ann
   shaking on top of me, and my own body shuddered and shook too.  When we
   finally finished, Ann stayed on top of me, and I kissed her soft, wet
   pussy gently.  She returned it, her hand stroking my thigh. 
        After a moment, Ann rolled off of me and we looked around. The room
   was like a large living room, with chairs and sofas, the bench, several
   foot stools and a coffee table.  All around the room, people were either
   naked or dressed in sexy clothes.  I realized that Ann was nude, and so
   was I, our stockings had been removed but neither of us had remembered it.
   I saw a blonde with a shaved pussy straddling a huge cock, and then a man
   with a small prick start to fuck a thirtyish woman's asshole.  Ms
   Sexyvoice was having her shaved pussy eaten by a girl who looked about our
   age, sitting on the sofa with her legs over the girl's shoulders.  A man
   was jerking off next to her, and Ann and I watched as he shot his jism
   across her full tits.  The girl stopped sucking pussy and began licking
   the man's cock.  She then turned and began licking his come from Ms
   Sexyvoice's tits. 
        Ann pointed and I saw a woman laying over a footstool, her pussy
   getting fucked by a nice sized cock, and her face buried between another
   woman's legs. This was an all out orgy!  I looked for mom, and saw her.  I
   blinked, then looked again.  Three guys were shooting their cum all over
   her face and tits, while she rode another woman's face.  Mom was greedily
   licking their cocks off when a redheaded woman came over and began rubbing
   the sperm all over her face. 
        Ann and I looked at each other, and she wiped some cum from her chest
   onto my face. It felt sexy, and very nasty.  My own tits were soaked and I
   pushed her back and she started licking them off.  A guy kneeled down,
   holding his big dick near my tits and jacking himself off. 
        "Shoot your jism on her face." I told him, and he did a few seconds
   later. Some of it splashed against my tits and Ann sucked his cock.  We
   kissed, and she had a thick glob of his cum in her mouth. We chased it
   around and then she swallowed it, kissing me even harder. 
        The man watched, and I felt my pussy being probed. I looked back, and
   saw a woman wearing a strap on dildo kneeling behind me, spreading my
   buns. She knew how to use that dildo too.  After a few moments, she was
   pumping me and I was thrusting back, riding it to another orgasm. 
        Ann slid out from under me, and I saw her get up on all fours for a
   man who looked about fifty. He had a trim body and a short, thick cock
   which went right up Ann's ass. I watched this until I began climaxing. The
   woman fucking me leaned over and thanked me, kissing my ear before she
   wandered off to find another girl.  Ann was getting her butt fucked
   nicely, and I rolled over to lay under her and to the side, kissing her.
   I felt a cock in me and let him fuck me until he came. I just wanted to
   kiss Ann and pinch her nipples so she would come again too.  I felt cum
   shoot into me and the guy's cock was replaced by a woman's mouth.  She was
   licking my sperm-drenched pussy so good, I knew I would come quickly. I
   wanted to see who she was.
        I looked down and saw long, straight, red hair.  The woman lifted her
   head up and said "I always knew you had a delicious pussy!" and then she
   went back to licking me.  I knew her! 
        "Miss PALMER!?" I said, shocked to see my english teacher naked,
   sucking my cunt with abandon.  She sat up, her small breasts covered with
   large, rosy nipples, and her face glistening wetly.  She smiled and told
   me that she'd always wanted to suck my pussy, then she slid three fingers
   inside me, using her thumb on my clit while she sucked and licked my
   breasts. 
        The man came in Ann's ass, and he held her for a while, both of them
   watching Miss Palmer lick my tits and finger me to climax.  She then
   offered her redhaired pussy to Ann, who sucked and licked her, making her
   moan.  I got up and sucked her small, pointy breasts. 
        "You girls are so hot." She said. "Such naughtly little sluts. I love
   it!" 
        She came, giving out long, low moans, and soaking Ann's face.  We
   kissed her, letting her finger us both, until she got up and left.  Around
   us, there were more people than I remembered, and sure enough, I saw that
   some faces (okay, bodies) were new, and some, like Miss Palmer and Ms
   Sexyvoice had gone. Mom was lying on her back, getting fucked hard and
   eating out a girl about 25 while she was getting fucked. 
        A man of about thirty asked us if we wanted a drink and led us out of
   the room to a bar.  We both had some orange juice, and the man told us
   that we were the hottest two gals he'd ever seen.  We thanked him and
   returned to the room, finding my mom sitting in a chair, getting her pussy
   licked.  I went over to her. 
        I asked her how much longer we were going to stay.
        "If you want to go home," She said, "the car keys are in my locker,
   it's number 358."  The girl eating her pussy began fingering mine too. "I
   can get a ride from someone I know here.  Otherwise, you're free to stay
   as long as I do." 
        I told her we were going to go home, as both Ann and I were
   exhausted, and a bit mentally blown away.  Mom said she'd be home later,
   and that we could do anything we wanted now, including fucking our
   boyfriends in the house.  Ann and I went into the locker room and got the
   car keys.  We got our clothes, and after getting dressed, realized that
   all we were wearing were halter dresses and shoes, nothing else.  Too, we
   tried to wash up a little, neither of us realizing that there were showers
   behind the last row of lockers.  We started to leave, and stopped to ask a
   man how to get back to Las Vegas. 
        "Follow the signs." He said.  He was a little busy, as he was fucking
   a big breasted girl's breasts.  We walked out into the warm night air, and
   found the car easily.  We got in and drove out, following the signs until
   we found a road we knew. 
        "I don't beleive what's just happened!" Ann said. "Do you realize
   that we were a couple of absolute sluts in front of all those people?!" 
        "And my mother." I reminded her.
        "Yeah!  And your mom's into kinky shit too!"
        That had me a little worried, but I was sure she knew more than I
   did. 
        "Did you see you see how your mom loved having those guys cum on
   her?" Ann asked me. 
        "You liked it too, didn't you?" I said.
        "Well, yeah, but..."
        "So did I.  And you were soaked with cum when our masks came off." I
   reminded Ann. 
        "ME!?" She cried. "Shit girl! You had sperm dripping off all over
   you!" 
        "And you loved it." I shot back.
        "Just like you did." Ann said sharply. All this talk was reminding me
   of the sticky feeling I had on my tits, stomach everywhere else.  My rear
   felt sticky and my pussy was still sopping wet.  I drove carefully, not
   wanting to get a ticket. THAT would be embarassing! 
        "And what was that bit of calling me a bitch and a slut?" I asked
   Ann. 
        "I'm sorry, but I wanted to come so bad! But you stopped sucking my
   clit just as I was gonna cum. Boy was I pissed!" 
        "Listen, you greedy little slut, if you'd done a sixty-nine with me
   in the first place..." I was getting mad, because Ann wasn't thinking of
   how horny I had been. 
        "Slut? Greedy SLUT?!" Ann said. "You wait until we get home, and I'll
   show you greedy slut!"
        We both paused, and then began laughing.
        Once we got back to my house, we went inside quickly, and took off
   our clothes, kissing each other right in the kitchen, where we'd never
   dared before. Ann's hand went between my legs quickly. 
        "Wait a minute." I said. "I need a shower. I feel dirty and sticky."
        "Hmm." Ann said, "Me too. I feel like a sticky, sperm covered slut
   who wants to suck your cunt until you beg me to let you cum." 
        "Oooh, you're my favorite little slut. Let's take a shower."
        We went to the bathroom and I started the shower.  Ann didn't give me
   much of a chance, kneeling and sucking my pussy while the water warmed up.
   She had me soaking wet again, and her fingers shoved up my cunt when I saw
   the steam curling around the door. 
        "C'mon greedy." I said, opening the shower door. "You can eat me in
   the shower too." 
        Ann stayed still, licking my clit and making me hot and lusty. She
   kept on, getting me closer. I decided that after I came, we'd take our
   shower. She got me within an inch, then stopped. 
        "Okay, let's get in the shower." She said, standing up.
        "You fucking slut!" I said to her. "Don't stop now!"
        "Awww, are you ready to cum?" Ann asked coyly.
        "Eat me you bitch, suck that clit!" I said, forcing her back down.
        Ann began to tease me, and it felt awfully good.
        "I bet you'd love to suck cum out of my pussy right now." Ann said.
        I moaned, trying to push her back between my legs.
        "Or maybe, you'd like a mouthful of cum spurting cock?"
        I moaned again, saying "Shut up and make me cum you fucking slut!"
        Ann laughed and then began tounging my clit. I came with a body
   weakening and mind numbing shudder, holding on to Ann's head to keep from
   falling. 
        After a few moments, I thanked Ann and kissed her. We climbed into
   the shower and cleaned each other off, with me sucking her pussy until she
   came. Afterwards, we crawled into my bed, and did a lot of kissing,
   touching and holding of each other.  We ate each other out several times,
   with Ann even coming against my breasts, covering me with her sweet
   juices. 
        We were both naked, curled up and fast asleep when mom came home. She
   woke us both up by turning on the bedroom light.  It was warm, and we'd
   only had the sheet drawn up half way.  I'd been sleeping with my arm over
   Ann, cupping her breast.  Mom smiled at us, and asked us if we had a good
   time. Sleepily we both said yes, and she came over to the bed. 
        "Here," mom said, "I bought each of you something on the way home."
        She handed us each a gift wrapped box.  We opened them, finding
   vibrators inside. Both were large, and real looking.  And they had
   batteries!! 
        "Neat!" Ann said. "Thank you!"  I echoed that. Mom kissed us
   goodnight and went to bed. Ann and I stayed up and played with our new
   toys for a while. We found out why these things never go out of style --
   they're fun! 
        The next morning, Mom got up before we did, and woke us for
   breakfast. Ann was behind me, cupping my breast, and my vibrator, although
   turned off, was still in my pussy.  We showered and dressed, and while mom
   left for work, we thought of all the uses we could put our vibrators too. 
		  This was going to be a long, H O T   summer!!!

    







