			  Alex's Shower Buddy
			  By Mitchell Knight

	January in Minnesota is still the dead of winter.  For this reason
my Phy. Ed. class doesn't plan any outside activites for us, which none of
us would disagree with.  So during the month of January we were having our
swimming unit.  
	My school has a fairly large--not quite Olympic size--pool in
which we were to learn basic water safety and some simple swimming
strokes.  I loved this unit especially this year because all of the guys
from my class would have to take showers after being in the pool, so I got
the chance to see them all naked which was a sport I had just recently come
to enjoy.  During the other units we did the guys had a chance to skip out
on the shower because it wasn't always necessary and some of them weren't
into exposing themselves in such a public way.  Our swimming unit didn't
allow for any such bashfulness.  We all had to take a trip into the
showers after coming out of the pool.
	One particular afternoon after finishing up our swim, we all piled
into the showers, stripping off our swim suits once in there and washing
our private parts in the very public atmosphere of the shower room.  
	It was a large one room building just off the door to the swimming
pool.  With only about 25 guys in the class, we could all fit in the room
with a few spigots left over which gives you an idea how large the room was.
	On this particular day I was running my hands lovingly over my
15-year-old body.  I had a tan which I had gotten from my trip to Florida
over Christmas break.  It was lighter than it had been a few weeks ago,
but still noticeable.  I had a nice, average build, standing at 5'6" with
brown hair and blue eyes.  My cock was average size; it was six inches
when erect with a thick mound of brown pubic hair at its base.  My pubic
hair was just growing back now after Steve, the father of this kid I
babysat for, trimmed it during my Christmas vacation.  I had short little
hairs on my balls.  These were also just starting to grow back.
	As I slowly washed myself I glanced surreptitiously around at the
naked boys in the shower with me.  Some of my favorites, like Tim Holzny,
I would come back to more often to watch.  Teasing myself I would first
start looking at their face and then let my eyes travel down their bodies
until I found that special place they rarely revealed to the outside
world.  Of course, if they happened to look over my way I would have to
immediately glance away.  It was expected we would look at one another,
but intense scrutiny like mine wouldn't be looked upon kindly.  I
especially enjoyed watching the guys as they touched themselves.  Sure it
was just an innocent gesture, but it still excited me.
	Tim Holzny was one of the gods of the shower room.  He stood at
5'8" and had short blond hair.  It was almost white blond.  He had a very
light skin tone and the blond hairs on his arms and legs barely stood out
against it.  He was well built since he was on the track team.  He had
very muscular legs and a well defined chest.  He had a hairless chest like
mine with hair under his armpits.  At his crotch there was a thick mound
of dark blond hair just at the base of his penis which was about my size,
but it seemed fuller than mine at the moment as it hung between his
thighs.  I could also see blond hairs on his balls.  He was definitely a
natural blond.
	Slowly the guys started to exit the shower, but I took my time.  I
liked to watch for as long as I could.  I continued to pretend to shower,
running the soap repeatedly over my chest and arms as I watched the firm
white asses parade by as they left the room.  Then my gaze would return to
the other guys in the shower and continue to watch them spread soap over
their bodies.
	As the boys left it became quieter and quieter in the room as the
shower nozzels were turned off and the chatter from the various people was
taken out into the locker room which was just around the corner from the
showers.  Soon I could hear just two shower nozzels still spraying out
water.  I glanced over to Tim and saw that he was still in the shower room
with me.  We were alone.  As I took another glance at his crotch, I
noticed that it seemed to have gotten a little longer and thicker, but I
couldn't be sure if that was just my imagination.  He stood under the
stream of water with his face to it, eyes closed, letting the water spray
into his face.
	I continued to stare at his cock and felt a little stirring in my
groin as I stared with complete freedom at his penis.  As I watched it
gave a little jerk and grew a little longer.  Immediately my cock
responded, growing to its full length.  There I was, in the shower with
Tim with an erection.  Just at that moment Tim chose to open his eyes and
look at me.
	"Got a little excited, huh?" he asked.
	I blushed and turned away from him.  "Uh, yeah," I mumbled.
	Tim chuckled.  "Hey, dude, it's okay.  Turn around."
	I just turned my head and saw that Tim had grasped his organ and
was running a finger over the head of his cock.  It was slowly elongating.
	"Let me look at ya," he urged.
	I turned around, the butterflied in my stomach beginning to circle
as my heart raced.  What was going on here?  
	"That's a nice one," Tim said.  "You like to look at guys pricks
in the shower, don't ya?"
	"No," I protested vehemently.
	"I do.  Why do you think I'm on track?  I get to see all kinds of
guys in the buff.  It's great.  You should join."
	"I don't--"
	"Come here.  Why are we talking all the way across the room?"
	I shut off my spigot reluctantly and walked over to him.  He moved
over a little bit and let me share in the water.  He lathered his hands
and brought the right one over onto my shoulder.  He slowly ran it down
over my chest, pinching and rolling my left nipple as he went.
	"I want you to fuck me," he said.  "Do you want to do that?"
	"Sure," I answered casually, trying to hide my growing excitement
even though it was plainly displayed between my legs.
	"Have you fucked a guy before?" he asked.
	"Yeah."
	"Good, then you know what to do.  Don't be gentle.  I like it
quick and rough," he told me.
	"Okay."
	"We've gotta be quick about it too, class ends soon, and we can't
get caught."
	He turned around and bent over, handing me the soap.  I took it
and lathered up his anus which was lightly dusted with short blond hairs. 
I stuck my index finger all the way up him really quick and found it went
in easily.  He had good control over those important muscles.  
	I spread the soap over my erection and then put my hands on his
waist.  I lined up and shoved forward quickly, thrusting my full length
in.  It caught about halfway and I had to readjust slightly before I was
completely inserted.
	"Okay, fuck me.  Hurry up," Tim said.
	I followed his orders, getting into a quick rhythm right away,
concerned only with getting caught.  I didn't really have time to enjoy
it, but apparently Tim was liking it a lot.  He was stroking his meat for
all his worth as I pumped into him.
	This high velocity thrusting was driving me to an orgasm really
quickly.  I came, spurting my juices into his hot little asshole.  I
removed my organ soon after and moved away from him as he continued to
jack off.
	He turned around with his engorged memeber in hand and continued
pumping on it with his hand.  I watched him, his eyes closed to mere slits
in his face, and his face screwed up in an expression of what looked like
intense pain, but I knew better. 
	Biting down on his lip, he let out a sharp, quick groan and
released his supply of semen.  It shot out in large white globs, a couple
of which hit me. 
	"Ahhh, that was great, Alex," he said, breathing hard, his cock
slowly growing limp as he stood under the shower head. 
	"I liked it too," I answered, scrubbing his semen off my body. 
	"Maybe we can do that again some time.  Like at my place or yours,"
Tim suggested. 
	"Sure," I answered. 
	Suddenly the bell rang, signalling the end of class.  We rushed
out into the locker room, got dressed, and just barely made it to our next
class. 
	I decided I had to join the track team. 

The End
