Alf
The Continuing X-rated Adventures of Gordon Schumway
by Mistress Tawny Suede
Part 1 of 4
 
Part I - Lynn gets a taste of heaven
 
Alf reached for a handful of potato chips and swiped them through
the bowl of chip dip and crammed the gooey mess into his mouth.
His other hand continued to stroke Herbert, pumping him up and
down. Alf could feel the cum building in his balls as he gazed
rapturously at Vanna White, turning the letters on the Wheel of
Fortune.

     "God, Vanna!", he cried, "you're the most beautiful woman
on this entire miserable planet!" Alf's fist tightened on Herbert and
he jerked him more vigorously. Suddenly, Alf bucked and a jet of
jism burst from Herbert's eye and splashed across the TV screen,
right on Vanna's gleaming smile. "Bullseye!" Alf's rigid dick
continued to spurt hot Melmakian cream, across the TV Guide, on
the rug, on Vanna's silk covered breasts, onto the table, into the chip
dip.

     Finally, his heart stopped racing, his palms stopped
sweating, and his dick stopped pumping.

     "Oh oh," he said, "I'd better get this cleaned up before Lynne
gets home. It's a good thing Kate and Willie took Brian away for the
weekend. Kate'd have a fit if she saw this mess! But then, it would
serve her right for making me eat that asparagus last night! Ha Ha!!"

     Alf got several wet cloths and a bucket and washed up the
TV screen and the carpet and the table. He threw the TV Guide in
the garbage and then went out to the garage to throw away the cloths.

     Just after Alf left the room, Lynne Tanner returned home
from classes. "Alf? Alf, where are you?" she called out as she put
her school books down. "Alf, what are we doing for dinner? Alf,
are you hiding?" Hungry, she spied the chips and dip sitting on the
table. She scooped up a bit of dip on a chip and plopped it into her
mouth.

     "Hmmmmm. That's a different flavour! I like this!," she said.
She called out, "Alf, I'm going to my room to change!" and grabbed
the bowl of chip dip. As she headed for her room, she scooped out
great gobs of dip on her fingers and swallowed the creamy sauce,
licking her fingers.

     By the time she reached her room, she had finished all of the
strange flavoured dip and was licking the sides of the bowl, as far
as her tongue would reach. "Damn, it's all gone. I'll have to find out
what kind Mom bought and get some more!".

     She laughed giddily and began to remove her clothes. She
kicked her shoes into the corner and pulled off her skirt. As she
pulled her sweater above her head, her hand brushed her nipple and
she shivered. Ooooh, that was good. She unsnapped her bra and
stood in front of the mirror. She felt hot, and chilled at the same
time. Slowly her fingers traced the edges of her small nipples; they
quickly stood on end, rigid as pencil erasers. She tweaked them,
caressed them, rubbed them, pinched them. Oh god, she was getting
hot. Her hand stole down past her panties to the lips of her cunnie.
She was dripping wet already. Her fingers parted her pussy lips and
touched her erect clit. She cried out in joy.

     In the mirror she caught sight of her poster of Pee Wee
Herman. Oh god, was he handsome, she thought! She pulled her
panties off and lay back on the bed. With one hand she stroked her
erect nipples while she plunged two fingers of the other hand in and
out of her sopping cunnie. She stared longingly at Pee Wee. God,
what she wouldn't do to have him fucking her right now! This was
so strange, she would never have thought of thinking of him in that
way before. Pee Wee Herman?!? But now ...

     She had only fucked one guy before and had been afraid of
getting pregnant for the next month. And she had only masturbated a
couple of times before - and it had never been this intense!

     Her hips bucked up off of the bed as her orgasm struck. She
pinched her nipple tightly as she added a third finger into her pussy.
She panted furiously, continuing to pump her digits in and out of her
tight twat, desperately trying to maintain the sheering pleasure.

     "Lynne? Lynne, was that you? Have you seen the chip dip,
Lynne?" Alf came around the corner and stopped dead as he
watched the young teenager in the throws of orgasm. Beside the bed,
lay the overturned chip dip bowl. "Oh no, Lynne! You didn't eat all
that chip dip did you?!?"

     "Alf! Oh god Alf. You shouldn't see me like this. But, I can't
... I can't stop. This feels so good!"

     "You ate the chip dip, didn't you Lynne?"

     "Yes ....<pant> .. I ate the dip. Oh yes," she sobbed as she
peaked from another orgasm. "So, so what?"

     "And now you're in the midst of a sexual frenzy, aren't you!"

     "For fuck's sake, stop being so analytical. That's right! So...
so what!"

     "Well, Lynne, that dip contained some of my, how shall we
say it delicately, my Melmakian seed ..."

     "You jerked off in the chip dip?!?"

     "Not exactly. But the thing is, Lynne honey, that stuff is
highly addictive to human females!"

     "Addictive?!? What do you mean?"

     "Well, I'll show you." Alf crawled up on the bed and knelt
beside Lynne's head. He spread his legs so that Lynne could see his
small penis. "Lynne, meet Herbert. Herbert meet Lynne" Alf's penis
bobbed up and down.

     "You give your cock a name?"

     "Everyone on Melmak gives there little dickie a name. After
all, they seem to have a mind of their own! But get a bit closer."

     Lynne moved just an inch closer, and then the odor from
Herbert struck her full force. Suddenly, she was frenzied, all she
wanted in the world was Herbert.

     She reached out a hand and touched Herbert. He grew an
inch. She grasped him and he grew another inch. She flicked out her
tongue and he grew two more inches. Lynne eagerly engulfed the full
length of Herbert in her mouth and sucked hungrily. There, there was
that delicious flavour from the chip dip!

     She was ravenous. She couldn't get enough. She pushed Alf
back on the bed and started fucking her face up and down Herbert.
She licked all around his crown, teasing him. Herbert grew larger
and thicker. Then, as she had trouble getting her lips around even the
head, Herbert became slimmer, but longer so that each time Lynne
bobbed her head down, Herbert struck the back of her throat.

     "Oh god! I... I can't believe I'm doing this!" cried Lynne
during one brief moment when her mouth wasn't full. But her tongue
quickly swirled around the head of Alf's pole and she slurped down
the precum juices that flowed freely from Herbert's eye. "But it
tastes so damn good!" And as she sucked on Alf's dick, Lynne again
began plunging her fingers deep in and out of her hot teenaged
cunnie.

     "Oh, yeah, Lynne honey! That's it! Yeah, suck on ole Herbie!
He hasn't had a good work out since I landed on this wretched
planet!"

     Lynne pulled back so that just the glans of Herbert remained
in her mouth. Her tongue swirled around the head, eagerly gobbling
up the leaking juices, her hand pumping furiously up and down the
long shaft. "Give it to me Alf. I want it ... I need it. Shoot all your
hot spunk down my throat!"

     Alf's cum shot from Herbert, splattering against the roof of
Lynne's mouth. She drank it down. Alf spurted six, seven, eight
mighty blasts and then no more. Lynne's own orgasm ripped through
her.

     Finally, it was over. Lynne lay back, her addictive thirst
now quenched. Herbert wilted.

     Lynne awoke about an hour later as Alf held a glass of water
to her lips. She drank thirstily. Suddenly she realized she was
naked, and remembered what she had done. She looked at Alf in
horror and pulled the bedding over her body.

     "What ... what did I ... What did YOU do to me, Alf!"

     "Calm down, Lynne. I can explain!"

     "Oh god, mom will KILL me. She'll certainly kill you!"

     "Lynne, Lynne! It's all her fault!"

     "Mom's fault? I just sucked your .... your Herbert! And
you're blaming Mom?!?"

     "She made me eat that asparagus! Last night. Remember?
Asparagus acts like a powerful aphrodisiac on us Melmakians. I just
had to shoot my load. And unfortunately you got a taste of it."

     "So the only way to cure me, was to give me a bigger dose,
is that it? asked Lynne. "It's over now?"

     "Well, not exactly", said Alf.

     "What do you mean, not exactly?"

     "That cure only works for six hours. Then you'll need
another dose, and then another, and then..."

     "I get the point Alf. You mean I'll have to suck your Herbert
... your cock, every six hours for the rest of my life? And just where
did Herbert come from anyway? You've wandered around the house
all this time without any need for pants. Now you've got a dick all of
a sudden!" asked Lynne.

     "Oh," said Alf. "Well, I have complete control over Herbert.
Here, watch". Lynne watched as Herbert shrank and disappeared
completely under Alf's fur, and then suddenly appeared, grew to
four inches long and two inches around, then ten inches long and
only one inch around. "My girlfriend Gloria on Melmak enjoyed this
shape best. She was into ass ..."

     "I don't want to know, Alf. And I don't believe you. Six
hours from now I'll be fast asleep and completely cured. You just
watch!"

     Six hours later Lynne was once again gobbling up Alf's jism.
Six hours after that she had Alf sitting on the dinner table as she sat
in a chair bending over Herbert, pumping his seed down her gullet
as she ground the palm of her hand against her pussy.

     That evening, as the sixth hour approached and Lynne
sobbed quietly, feeling guilty about her needs, Alf finally spoke up.
"Lynne, there is another way. You didn't let me finish what I was
saying!"

     "What is it Alf?"

     "There is a way, a way that you only need a dose of
Melmakian love cream once every twenty-four hours."

     "There is? What is it Alf?" Lynne's face brightened.

     "Instead of taking the cure down your throat, you take it up
your vagina. I inject it straight into your body."

     "You mean, I have to let you fuck me. Right, Alf?"

     "Uh, yeah, right!"

     "Well, why the hell not! After all, Herbert is kind of cute ..."

     Lynne knelt on the carpet and Alf stood in front of her.
Lynne's fingers parted Alf's fur and she gently carressed the tiny
exposed tip of Herbert. When Herbert didn't budge, she leant
forward and began to lick his head. That got to him! In no time,
Herbert had grown to six inches and was leaking precum juices on
Lynne's tongue. She wolfed the jism down.

     "Lynne, lay down. I have to prepare you for penetration!"
said Alf.

     Lynne lay on the rug, a pillow under her head. Alf knelt
between her outspread legs. Lynne lifted her legs and spread them
wide. With her two hands, she spread the lips of her cunnie wide.
Her index finger lightly toyed with her clit. She moaned and cunnie
juice leaked from her crack, down her ass crack to her puckered
asshole.

     Alf knelt and then ran his thick tongue along Lynne's pussy
slit.

     "Oh, Alf! That feels so funny!"

     Alf ran his tongue along both pussy lips and then twirled it
around the brown-haired teen's erect clitty. Alf's tongue was raspy,
like that of a cat and the nail file sensation across her clit made
Lynne scream. She liked it!, but she had not anticipated the pleasure!

     Alf's snout ground into Lynne's clit as his tongue snaked into
her twat. His tongue flicked in and out of her love hole, darting like
a snake's tongue, but probing deep since his tongue was long and
strong.

     "Um, um! Boy, you Earth girl's sure are tasty," said Alf.
"Gloria tasted sort of like an old tire, but you Lynne honey, you are
definitely a taste treat."

     "Oh, Alf! That feels so good!"

     But Lynne was prepared. Alf told her to get on her hands and
knees, doggie style. Alf stood behind Lynne, a strong thick Herbert
aimed straight at her tender young pussy. Hands on her hips, he leant
forward and Herbert's head poked easily through her meaty lips. He
pulled back on her and thrust forward and Herbert's six inches sank
deep into the teen temptress' hot quim.

     "Hmmmm, that feels so good Alf!"

     Alf started pumping Herbert in and out of the sexy teen. Boy,
had he dreamed of this moment. Ever since he'd landed on this
planet, he'd had to do without sex - which wasn't too bad since he
could normally control his sex drive. But he had occasionally
dreamed about fucking an Earth woman, and Lynne had frequently
been part of those fantasies! Now, the asparagus had made him lose
control and things were working out quite well, thank you!

     "Make it bigger, Alf! Fill me with your cock!"

     Alf made Herbert longer, nine inches in total. He made
Herbert thicker; so thick that Lynne's cunnie practically turned
inside out as it gripped him tightly as he pulled out of her. As his
dick came free, there was a loud POP! As he pushed back in, there
was a loud sqwooshing noise as Lynne's sopping pussy sucked
hungrily at the alien invader!

     "Pump it faster, Alf! I'm ... I'm cumming!"

     Lynne pulled and twisted her taut nipples as her orgasm
ripped through her. Her head tossed from side to side, her long
brown hair flew about. And her pussy snapped tightly around
Herbert as spasm after spasm wracked her tight cunnie.

     The pressure was too much for Alf. He thrust forward,
imbedding himself fully in the hot teen and his rich thick alien cream
sprayed out of Herbert, coating the walls of the teen tart's pussy. He
jetted syruppy jism deep into her twat.

     As he continued to cum, Lynne quickly reversed herself and
locked her lips around Herbert's head, eagerly gulping down the
sweet cum and also savouring the flavour of her own pussy juices.

     At last the flow died and Lynned licked the last few drops
from Herbert's eye.

     "I ... I couldn't help myself. It just tastes so good" She said.
Looking down at the jism that oozed out of her pussy, she asked,
"Do you think we got enough inside me, to last twenty-four hours I
mean?!?"

     "Yeah, Lynne. I'm sure you did."

     "Good," she said as her fingers eagerly wiped the excess
from her pussy lips and she then eagerly sucked her fingers dry.

     Kate and Willy and Brian returned from their trip the next
day. They suspected nothing as each night Alf snuck into Lynne's
bedroom as fucked her silly.

     At least, not until Lynne started to show some peculiar side
effects!
Alf
The Continuing X-rated Adventures of Gordon Schumway
by Mistress Tawny Suede
Part 2 of 4
 
Part II - Side Effects!
 
For the next month Alf visited Lynne's room each night and played
hide-and-seek with Lynne and Herbert. Well, not necessarily every
night; sometimes Lynne would sneak out to Alf's little apartment in
the garage for a quick snack of Melmakian sausage and cream. But
there was more chance of discovery there, for she could never be
sure what trouble Alf might have gotten into and therefore her father,
Willie, might come barging in unexpectedly.

     At least in her room, with the lock on the door, there was
little chance of the two of them being discovered as Herbert slid in
and out of her wet pussy - at least not so long as she didn't cry out in
joy!

     And she WAS careful. If her mom, Kate, ever found out -
well, she'd put a stop to the fucking right away. And what would
happen then to Lynne's addiction? She'd die! She just knew it.

     And besides, once she'd gotten used to the orange haired
little guy, she'd come to enjoy their sex sessions. Alf was quite a
talented lover, she had to admit. He knew just how to toy with her
nipples and make her shiver so heavenly. And that long, delicious
tongue! How wonderful it felt when he sent it slithering up into the
deepest recesses of her pussy, tingling the walls of her cunnie. And
the little rasps along its length - pure ecstasy as Alf ran it across her
hot little clit - orgasm after sheering orgasm pulsing through her
body.

     And Herbert. Beautiful fat, thin, long, plump, thick,
penetrating, probing, thrusting, spurting, fountaining Herbert! If only
men had dicks that they could control like Alf could control Herbert.
He could make Herbert as thick as necessary to fill every bit of her
pussy, to almost rip her apart, or leave him finger thin but oh so very
long to probe and tantalize her very depths so that her pussy
quivered and fluttered, trying to wrap itself around the invader and
thereby teasing her to heights of frustration and eventual wonderful
bliss.

     She couldn't let Kate, or anyone, take Alf away from her
now. She would go insane and die - not just because of her
uncurable addiction to his sperm - but because no man would ever
be able to give her the same sexual bliss!

     But it was starting to become harder to hide their
lovemaking. Not because of the noise or their movements from room
to room, but because of the side-effects that the continual ingestion
of Alf's Melmakian seed was beginning to have on her body. Some
of those effects were good, some bad. Well, not bad, but
inconvenient.

     On the good side, all of her female sex organs were
becoming more pronounced.

     Lynn had always had a delicate pussy. But now she was
developing large fleshy, meaty lips to her pussy. Before, once her
panties were on, she could barely distinguish her cunnie behind
them while looking in the mirror. But now, her pussy was
prominent, the lips large and sensitive. When she wore her tight
jeans she was constantly perspiring from the sexual teasing that the
tight crotch gave her pussy with each step.

     And during sex, they were oh so very tender. Alf would
spend half an hour between her spread thighs. As his long tongue
eagerly thrust deep into her pussy, his lips and teeth would toy with
her thick pussy lips. His hairy fingers would pull them wide and
tease the edges before he finally attacked her rigid clitty.

     Before she had begun slurping down Alf's addictive jism,
Lynne's clit, when fully erect, had been only a quarter inch long -
though sensitive as hell. But now it had grown so that it was a full
inch and a half long when fully aroused. Even when not aroused, it
was a half inch long and often protruded from its sheath at the top of
her now bountiful pussy flesh.

     At bed at night, after Alf had filled her pussy with his hot
cum and then stolen back to the garage, Lynne would often lie
awake, use the fingers of one hand to hold back her pussy lips and
with the other hand she would slowly finger her large clitty, letting
the sweet sensual bliss sweep through her as she drifted to sleep.

     But during the day, at school, her meaty pussy and distended
clitty would often be so tormented by her tight jeans that she would
have to lock herself into a toilet cubicle, drop her jeans and
practically rip apart her panties to get at her crotch. She would then
eagerly begin to squeeze and massage her pussy lips and finger her
clitty until she reached a rousing orgasm.

     She didn't think that any of her classmates noticed the
uncomfortableness of her pussy and clit. In fact, she was sure of it
because they couldn't take their eyes off of what had happened to her
breasts.

     For years, Lynne's long brown curls had fallen down onto
her pert 32A bust, but over the last month - yes, in just one month -
she had filled out magnificently into a 38D cup. And in fact, she only
wore the bra for appearance sake, for her wonderful new tits were
high and firm, like bullets jutting from her chest. They didn't sag and
needed no support. All the girls were in awe of her quick
development, and all the boys were horny as hell to get her out on a
date.

     The bra was not necessary for support, but was needed to
maintain a modicum of decorum. As her breasts had grown so firm,
so had her nipples. From soft tiny nubbins they had grown into firm
eighth inch long bullet heads, which grew to almost a half inch long
when aroused. And since her pussy and clit were tingling almost all
the time, so were her glorious nipples. As it was, her nipples
pushed firmly against her bra, exposing little humps on her tight
sweaters for all to see her erotic nature. Had she not worn the bra,
her appearance would have been lewd and lascivious.

     And what wonderful tits they were, so full of feeling and
warmth. Lynne gloried in the new weight on her chest, the new
pleasure that she received by pinching her overgrown nipples,
letting the milk squirt into Alf's eager mouth!

     Yes, milk. For her tits were large and firm, her nipples full
and distended because she was constantly full of milk. Alf's
Melmakian hormones, entering her body through her sperm injection
every day, had spurred on the production of milk in her mammaries.
At first she had been worried by the growth of her tits, but one night
in the heat of passion, as Herbert speared in and out of her slippery
cunnie, Lynne had been squeezing her enlarging tits, grasping and
tormenting the aureolae, pinching her nipples to increase the
titillation, the pain, the glorious pleasure, when suddenly a fine
spray of milk had ejaculated from her nipples.

     Eagerly, Alf engulfed one of her nipples in his snout, his lips
had locked around her aureola and he had begun eagerly sucking on
her tit. Lynne had squirmed in pleasure at the sensation of milk
streaming through her nipple into Alf's mouth and down his gullet.
She had continued squeezing her other tit, watching the spray of
milk, and giggling at the perverse pleasure this gave her.

     From then on it was a nightly ritual for Alf to milk Lynne.
Sometimes he would wrap his lips and tongue around her firm long
nipples and suck her mammary juice straight from the tit. Other
nights he truly milked her. Lynne would kneel on all fours above a
pan and Alf would grasp her nipples like the udders of a cow and he
would milk her, spraying her milk onto the shallow pan and later
pouring it carefully into cups. Alf would take a cup and Lynne
would take a cup and they would slowly sip her milk.

     At other times, Alf would save up a few days milk in a
container which he kept in the fridge, telling the family to keep away
from it. Lynne got a depraved tingle deep in her soul when Alf
would pour himself a cup of milk - her milk - from his container,
and drink it with dinner in front of the whole family.

     And she loved her new tits - firm, vibrant. When she would
lay on her back, with Alf between her thighs ramming Herbert deep
inside of her, her tits did not flatten out from gravity. They still
pointed high at the ceiling, her long nipples rigid, eager for the
strumming of her fingers.

     Very early on, her pubic hair had begun to grow more
rapidly until she had a thick bush above her cunnie - a thick bush of 
long hair the same colour as Alf's fur. She didn't mind, so long as
Alf didn't mind.

     And her long brown hair had been growing in thicker as
well - with orange roots. She had had to go to a hair dresser once a
week to have it dyed and cut, just so that her folks wouldn't notice,
but now it was becoming harder and harder to hide from her mom!
Alf
The Continuing X-rated Adventures of Gordon Schumway
by Mistress Tawny Suede
Part 3 of 4
 
Part III - Lynne serves Kate a delicious milkshake!
 
Morning. Lynne stood in front of the bathroom mirror, naked from
the waist up. Her high firm tits looked even bigger today. She
rubbed her fingers over her nipples which quickly became erect.
Her fingers squeezed gently and a fine mist of milk coated the
mirror.

     Then she let her fingers stray down to her pussy.What was
she going to do about all this orange hair, she wondered, a worried
look on her face. Am I turning into a Melmakian? Am I going to look
like Alf soon - with that ugly snout and everything? Oh god, I wish I
had someone to talk to, she thought! But oh, how good this feels, she
also thought, as she continued to slowly roll a nipple between the
fingers of one hand while she felt her clitty enlarging and a drop of
pussy juice sliding out of her cunnie to be absorbed by her panties.

     Suddenly the door of the bathroom swung open (she had
forgotten to lock it!!) and Kate stood there, a stunned expression on
her face as she stared at her daughter, her hands clasped tightly to
her large bosom.

     "Wha - ? Lynne honey, what are you doing?"

     "Mom! N - nothing. Just rubbing a bit of skin lotion ...."

     "My god! You're breasts have gotten so large! It seems like
yesterday you were just my sweet baby, and now .... It's been awhile
since I've seen you without a top. Here, let me look at how you're
filling out ...."

     Kate grasped Lynne's arms and pulled them away from her
bosom. For the first time, Kate realized that there was a fine coating
of orange hair on Lynne's breasts!

     "Oh honey. You have such beautiful breasts," said Kate as
she reached up both hands and stroked her daughter's breasts. She
squeezed them and patted them. "Such wonderful soft flesh ..." Kate
was lost in thought for a moment.

     Lynne couldn't help but moan softly as her mother handled
her tits. God she loved having her jugs stroked. And then Kate's
fingers brushed across one of her nipples, and Lynne shivered. Her
nipples sprang to full erection. Kate jumped in surprise, but ran her
fingers across both nipples. Lynne shuddered again as Kate said
"Yes, I always liked having my nipples stroked too!"

     "Oh, yes Mom. That feels so good!" moaned Lynne. But then
Kate s gaze strayed downward and she caught sight of her
daughter s orange bush.

     "What is .... I don't understand .... Oh, Lynne. What's
happened to you! How did this ..."

     "Mom, really - it's nothing to worry about ..."

     Kate let go of her daughter s large breast and ran her fingers
through Lynne s thick bush. Her fingers accidentally touched
Lynne s enlarged clit and Lynne shivered uncontrollably; it was the
first time another woman had ever touched her love button! Kate
pushed Lynne back against the sink and squatted down. She parted
her buxom daughter s pussy hair and was amazed at the sight of her
fleshy pussy lips and her large clit.

     "Lynne, this isn't natural! You shouldn't have all this hair,
this ORANGE hair. And your genitals shouldn t be so... so... so
INFLAMED, I guess. I would have thought you'd know that and
have told me so that we can take you to the doctor."

     "Mom. I can handle this myself. Trust me!"

     "I'm going to call Dr. Patterson right now and set up an
appointment for this afternoon. I want you to stay home from school
and we'll have a mother and daughter talk. It just isn't natural, I tell
you! All that orange hair. Why I'd almost think Alf had something to
do with this."

     The last few sentences were muttered as Kate made her way
to the living room to phone the doctor. Lynne tried to stop her but
her efforts were wasted. She went back to her room, closed and
locked her door and flopped onto the bed.

     "Troubles, Lynne?"

     Lynne almost jumped through the ceiling. When her heart
settled down she realized that Alf was sitting in her closet, smelling
her soiled panties. "What are you doing here?" she asked him.

     "I thought you'd have left for school by now. Well you caught
me. I have a confession. Sometimes, I come in here and smell your
panties and socks, just to hold me over until you get home and we
can have a bit of - you know - fun!"

     "Well, Alf. We're in big trouble now. Mom wants to take me
to the doctor and get me checked out. She's going to find out about
us!"

     Alf quivered in fear. His snout turned under and the fur on
his head stood on end. "But she can't!!! Kate'll KILL me when she
finds out I've been diddling you! Jeez, Lynne, you've gotta figure
something out!"

     "But what Alf?" she said as Alf sat beside her. Almost
unconciously she reached into his lap and started playing with
Herbert who's head was just peaking out of Alf's fur. "How can I
stop Mom and keep getting a taste of this little guy! Christ he tastes
great!!" Lynne lay alongside Alf and placed her lips around
Herbert's head. She sucked him into her mouth and Alf increased
Herbert's size.

     "Oh God, Lynne. You've become an expert at sucking
Herbie. I'm going to miss you."

     "Maybe not, Alf. Maybe not. I just had a thought! What if we
told Mom - you know confessed to her. Maybe she'd understand."

     "Are you kidding Lynne! Geezus! She'd come at me with a
butcher knife!" cried Alf. Herbert suddenly shrank completely up
and disappeared under his fur.

     "Not if she got a taste of Herbert first! Then it'd be in her
own best interest to keep quiet! You see what I mean!"

     "You mean, turn your Mom into a jiz junky too! Hey, Lynne
babe, you've got quite a head on your shoulders - to go along with
those great tits! Let's get to work!"

     Herbert reappeared from under Alf's fur and Lynne eagerly
renewed sucking on his rigid length. In no time, Herbert began
spurting hot thick gew into Lynne's mouth. Lynne eagerly drank
down a few delicious mouthfuls, but retained the last mouthful.
Carefully wiping her chin clean, she put on a top and then she and
Alf went out to the kitchen. Lynne got the blender and spit her
mouthful of Melmakian cream into the blender. She opened the
freezer and put two scoops of ice cream into the blender and then
added some milk.

     Almost as an afterthought she grabbed Alf's milk container
and poured some of her own preserved breast milk in with the other
ingredients before turning on the blender. She whipped it all up until
she had a frosty milkshake which she poured into a tall glass.

     Kate was nervously pacing in the livingroom. "Lynne honey,
we really have to talk."

     "Yeah, mom, I understand, I guess. But look, I made you a
milkshake."

     "It's a little early for that isn't it? I just had breakfast!"

     "Call it a peace offering, okay Mom?" said Lynne.

     "Well, alright. After all, it is already made, and it is looks to
be my favourite flavour - vanilla cream."

     "If it isn't your favourite flavour now," said Alf, "it soon
will be!"

     "Alf, do you mind! This is between Lynne and I. Would you
leave us alone for awhile. Please?"

     "Sure thing Kate. But holler when you need me. And I think
it'll be real soon!"

     Lynne and Kate sat across the table from each other as Kate
drank the shake. After the third sip she said "This is delicious! I've
never had anything like this before!" She quickly downed the rest
and lapped up as much of the residue from the sides of the glass as
she could. She began to feel hot and flushed. "Is there any more of
this in the kitchen? I really would like some more!" Kate asked.
With a start she realized that she had been slowing rubbing one of
her breasts through her sweater. She stopped, but her nipple ached.

     "Sorry mom. That's all the flavouring we had. But I can get
some more right away if you want."

     "Yes. Yes. Why don't you do that. And I think I'll go lie
down for a bit while you're gone. Call me when you're back, won't
you!"

     Kate hurried to her bedroom. Her tits and pussy felt like they
were on fire by the time she had closed the bedroom door. God,
what had come over her. She had actually been rubbing her tit in
front of her daughter!

     Kate unfastened the front of her slacks and pushed her hand
inside of her panties. Good heavens, they were sopping wet! Her
fingers reached her pussy as she fell onto the bed. She sank a finger
inside her cunt and slowly began to frig herself. At the same time,
she managed to get her other hand under her bra and began to clutch
at her breast. What's happening to me, she wondered. Why this
sudden sexual frenzy???

      Lynne? Lynne, have you got it yet?  Kate called out as her
finger worked a feverish pace against her tiny but erect clitoris.
 Hurry please dear! 

      What next, Alf?  asked Lynne from the other side of the
closed door.

      Here, take just a couple of drops on your finger,  said Alf
as Herbert protruded from beneath his fur. Lynne grasped Herbert
and gave him a squeeze. A couple of drops of the creamy liquid
dripped onto Lynne s eager finger. But the odour of Alf s jizz was
too much for Lynne and she quickly licked up the cum.

      Ohhhh, that taste s so good!  she cooed!

      Not now Lynne! You can have all you want in a couple of
minutes. First we ve got to get your mom taken care of! 

      Alright, Alf, alright!  said Lynne as she squeezed out a
couple more drops. She then knocked on her mother s bedroom
door.

      Have you got it Lynne? Bring it in here! 

     As Lynne pushed the door open, she was incredibly turned
on by the sight of her own mother, writhing on the bed in a sexual
frenzy. Kate s blouse was torn open, her bra pulled down as one
hand tweaked and pulled at her nipples. Lynne had never really
noticed how large her mom s breasts were!

     Kate s other hand was moving frantically in her panties
which were extremely wet. From six feet away, Lynne could smell
the heady odour of her mom s pussy! Wow, was that a turn on, or
what, she thought!

     Kate was beyond caring about what her daughter was seeing.
All she wanted was some more of that delicious milk shake!
Alf
The Continuing X-rated Adventures of Gordon Schumway
by Mistress Tawny Suede
Part 4 of 4
 
      Where is it? Where is that wonderful flavouring?  cried
Kate.

      This is all I could find Mom. I scooped this little bit out of
the, uh, can, and brought it for you. 

     As Lynne sat on the edge of the bed, she held out her finger
towards her mother. Kate s nose picked up the heavenly scent and
she grasped her daughter s hand. For a brief second she looked at
the creamy substance on the tip of Lynne s finger and then she
engulfed Lynne s finger in her mouth. She just about died as the rich
flavour hit her tongue!

     Kate s entire body spasmed and her hand gripped her pussy
tightly as an enormous orgasm swept her body. For her part, Lynne
slowly moved her finger in and out of her mother s mouth. Kate
eagerly sucked on it and ran her tongue around it as if it were a
small cock!

     During this excitement, Alf crept into the room and made his
way to the other side of the bed. One of his large furry hands
reached out and tentatively stroked one of Kate s large sagging
breasts (hey, it you d had two kids, your boobs would have begun to
wilt too!). Kate did not notice his presence.

      That was so good, Lynne. But I need more. You must have
brought me some more. I can smell it. It smells so great! Give it to
me Lynne, honey. Oh please, let me have more!  cried Kate. Lynne
couldn t believe what she was seeing. Her mother was almost
uncontrollable. Had she been just as bad, when she first got a taste
of that spiked chip dip?

      You re right, mom, there is more. But you have to promise
me that you won t get mad at me. 

      I don t know what I would be mad about, but I promise
Lynne. I ll promise you anything. I just need MORE! . As Kate
pleaded with Lynne, Alf crept up onto his side of the bed and slowly
let Herbert out from hiding. Herbert grew bigger and fatter, and a
couple of drops of precum oozed out of his piss slit.

      Now, Mom, I want you to turn slowly around and face the
other side of the bed,  said Lynne.

      Oh yes, I can smell it. I need it. Oh please, baby, let me
have it!  cried Kate as she turned. Alf was so close, that all that
Kate saw at first was a large purplish object with a couple of drops
of creamy stuff dripping off of the end. With a little mew, she stuck
out her tongue and licked up the cream. She barely paused as she
engulfed the tip of Herbert in her mouth and began to suck at him
eagerly! Her hand came up and grasped Herbert tightly as she began
to pump her mouth up and down Herbert s shaft!

     Kate eagerly sucked and slurped at Herbert as little cries of
pleasure escaped from her lips. But as her hands moved further
along Herbert, they encountered Alf's fur. Kate opened her eyes
wide in surprise and she practically spat Herbert out as she cried,
"ALF!"

     "What... what's the meaning of this? What's going on here?
How dare you come anywhere near me with that... that THING of
yours! And how dare you stick it in my MOUTH! I'm going to KILL
you Alf!!! I'm going to .... oh, that smell! It's driving me crazy! Is that
coming from you Alf? Is that coming from your .... your PENIS?"

     "Calm down, Kate! Let me explain. Or rather, let me show
you." Herbert had shrunk underneath Alf's fur as Kate had screamed
at him, but now Alf let Herbert free again. "Kate, meet Herbert!"
said Alf as Herbert began to grow, and grow. Shortly, Herbert was
a good ten inches long and two inches in diameter.

     "I... I don't know what to say Alf. Well, actually I do! I'm
going to murder you, but not quite yet. I... I don't know why but I
have this uncontrollable urge to... to ...." and with that, Kate leaned
over and kissed the tip of Alf's Herbert. She pried at the piss slit
with the tip of her tongue. "Oh, Alf! This tastes marvellous! I... I
can't control myself", she cried as she opened her mouth wide and
tried to engulf Herbert's massive glans. It was just a bit too large,
but Alf was very accomodating and Herbert shrank just enough to
pass between Kate's teeth and then to the back of her throat!

     Meanwhile, though she had by now sucked Herbert hundreds
of times already, Lynne was finding it hard to contain her own
sexual frenzy as the odour of Herbert s delicious cream filled the
room. As Kate s hands moved to caress Herbert, Lynne s ran her
own hands down her own body, stopping briefly at her own pussy to
press hard against her clitty. Then, she quickly threw off her clothes
and spread out on the bed beside her half-disrobed mother.

     Lynne was hungry for her own taste of Herbert. She leaned
her head in close to her mother s, hoping for a brief suck, but Kate
gave no sign of stopping her vacuum pumping of Alf s long member.
Lynne was ravenous for Herbert and suddenly had an inspiration.
She grasped hold of one of her mother s large nipples and gave it a
squeeze. Kate moaned lustily and involuntarily pushed her breast
harder against her daughter s hand. Lynne tweaked the nipple harder
still - enough to cause real pain. Kate  smouth dropped open wide
and her body shuddered.

      That's so good,  she said as her first orgasm shook her -
one that was caused by her very own daughter!

     And Herbert popped out of her mouth. Lynne eagerly slurped
Herbert's tip between her own teen lips and began to suck eagerly.
