
    ALI1B--Part 2...   A Circle of Light

    She couldn't believe his words!  Not move?  The demand seemed
    absurd.  But she remembered how fierce the whip looked and steeled
    herself to be still.

    He allowed her to wait for a few minutes, knowing any delay would
    increase her anxiety; he was almost right.  While he paused, her
    mind was most busy.

    The whip had frightened her.  She had enough experience to know
    that the control she craved would be a silly game unless her
    partner carried through with her punishment.  She knew that some
    pain was necessary; without genuine pain her fears would be mere
    affectations.  She knew that love-making was most pleasurable for
    her when gentleness was mixed with roughness.  She enjoyed all
    the passions, but what she enjoyed most was a climax experienced in
    a milieus of masculine control, with just enough terror to  keep
    her excited ("interested" was how she usually described it).

    She feared the whip.  Yet, she knew he would use it on her; he had
    to keep her honest.  It was one thing to submit to a spanking -- it
    hurt, but it was an intimate, sexual hurt.  If he were to control
    her, he must punish her; the spanking wasn't genuine punishment.
    The whip would be.  Despite her fear, she was resigned to feel the
    lash --it was the inevitable price she had to pay to make her
    experience valid.  She hoped she'd take it well. (Hmmm. Was
    she more afraid of embarrassment than pain?)

    Her thoughts were interrupted when he suddenly cupped  both her
    breasts in his hands and squeezed harshly.  Her initial gasp was
    soon followed by a throaty moan.  He released the pressure and took
    hold of her nipples.  He rolled them slowly between his thumbs and
    forefingers before beginning to pinch.   The pinches were applied
    very lightly initially, but gradually over the space of several
    minutes he applied increased force.

    This was not a novel experience for her; she loved having men play
    with her nipples.  It excited her when they rolled her tits and she
    enjoyed the discomfort that accompanied light pinches.  But the
    pressure of his fingers now started to exceed the levels she
    enjoyed.   The arousal was as strong as ever,  but the discomfort
    was turning into pain, pain of such a nature that she found
    herself simultaneously wishing it would end and wanting it to
    continue.  He continued to pinch harder.  The pain was over-
    whelming.  Her moans turned to cries.  She tossed her head from
    side to side and screamed for him to stop.

    He responded not with any release of pressure, but by pulling on
    her nipples, thus lifting and distending her breasts. She howled.
    She begged and pleaded with him to stop.  He held her nipples
    tightly.

    Suddenly he released his grip and again cupped her breasts in his
    hands, this time quite gently.  He could feel her swollen nipples
    digging into his palms.  Her cries quickly subsided.  Her nipples
    still throbbed, but the pain was no longer excessive.  She allowed
    herself to relax and began to enjoy his touch.

    Slowly he lifted his palms from her breasts so that only his finger
    tips remained in contact.  Then, very slowly, he resumed tracing
    lazy circles, this time on her breasts instead of around them.  She
    found that the sharp pains had faded to a dull ache while his light
    touch was reawakening her desire.

    Gradually his fingertips traced a spiral centered on her nipples.
    His fingers at last reached her aureolas and she felt the sides of
    his fingers brush against the sides of her nipples.  The touch
    thrilled her and she wondered if he was going to torment her
    nipples again.   She found that she both craved and feared that he
    would.  Indeed, she was disappointed when his fingers began to
    trace an outward spiral.

    His fingers were moving less slowly now, but slowly enough that it
    teased and frustrated her. In time  the spiral took his fingertips
    off her breasts entirely and they moved around them in an expanding
    spiral.  This time he did not keep circling her breasts with his
    fingers.  Rather, as they moved around the outsides of her breasts
    they continued down her sides.   The touch of his fingers on her
    ribcage was almost tickling, but their intended direction kept he
    mind on possible destinations.


ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
This quality file was downloaded from

         E  X  T  R  E  M  E
      ------------+------------      ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                 /|\                  ³                                 ³
                / | \                 ³   Portland Metro All Text BBS   ³
               /  |  \                ³                                 ³
              /   |   \               ³        9600: 503-775-0374       ³
             /    |    \              ³         SysOp: Thing One        ³
            /     |     \             ³                                 ³
           /      |      \           ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
            d r e a m e s
