
    ALI1C--Part 3...   A Circle of Light

    His hands reached her hips before moving centrally.  His fingertips
    moved over her belly and then very lightly brushed her pubic hair
    before skipping down to plant themselves on her legs, just above
    her knees.

    The same feather touch now made long, slow strokes upward along her
    inner thighs.  These strokes were repeated over and over again in
    the most frustrating manner; each caress ended higher on her thighs
    than its predecessor until his fingertips almost, but not quite,
    reached her crotch.

    She remembered his order not to move, but she couldn't help her-
    self.  Soon she was contorting herself in an effort to thrust her
    pussy against his hands.  He anticipated all of her movements and
    thoroughly enjoyed teasing her in this fashion.  When her motion
    became excessive, he pinched the tender flesh of her inner thighs.
    She squealed appropriately and dampened her movements.

    He resumed stroking her legs, but varied the touch and direction to
    keep her aroused.  Finally he allowed one fingertip to touch her
    perineum, most tentatively, and then move forward along the outer
    edges of her labia.  She seemed to sigh with relief, but what
    relief there was short-lived.  Soon his fingers were titillating
    her vagina with repeated light strokes.

    He kept his fingers away from her clitoris, but continued to tease
    and arouse her by varying the speed and locus of his touches.  Once
    he started to insert one finger into her, but only for a fraction
    of the first joint.  She reacted by redoubling her movements only
    to find his touches completely withdrawn.

    The sudden lack of contact drove her wild.  It never occurred to
    her that she might be about to feel the whip so consumed with
    desire was she.  Instead she alternately begged him to take her,
    or when there was no response, cursed him thoroughly.

    When he finally touched her again it was a warm, moist probe that
    suddenly touched her left nipple.  She knew immediately that it was
    his tongue that slowly circled and throbbed against her tit.   Then
    she felt him close his lips on the nipple, thrilled as he sucked
    it, and gasped when his teeth started  to close on it.   The bite
    was not nearly as painful as the earlier pinches, but it scared
    her.   Her fear vanished when his mouth slowly moved from her left
    to her right breast and repeated the entire process.

    His lips  now kissed her between her breasts and then moved slowly
    down the center of her abdomen.   The kissing and licking continued
    all the way to her pubis.  There he withdrew contact and she feared
    a replay of the teasing pattern he'd used with his hands.  Instead,
    his hands took hold of her hips and a moment later she felt the tip
    of his tongue prod the hood of her clit.

    His tongue was no less teasing, however, and she screamed in
    frustration as it moved between her labia, almost but not quit
    penetrating her. He repeated this many times, always at a slightly
    different pace, but never fast enough to satisfy  her.  She found
    herself getting higher and higher, knowing a frustration that was
    exasperating.  She found her voice again and begged, then demanded
    that he satisfy her, as though she were in any position to demand
    anything.

    Then, with the now usual suddenness, his tongue was withdrawn.  His
    hands slid down her legs to her ankles.   When he slackened but did
    not remove the bindings on  her ankles she knew she was soon to be
    fucked.

    His hands returned to her hips but then slid under her buttocks.
    He grasped her buttocks tightly and forced her to rotate her  hips
    forward.   Moments later she felt another warm probe on her
    clitoris and she wondered whether it was his cock or his tongue.
    When it slid between her labia she  knew it was his cock and she
    tried to thrust herself onto  it.  His hands tightened on her
    buttocks and thwarted her movement, but she did not have a long
    wait.  Seconds later he thrust himself into her.

    He held himself deep inside her for a moment before slowly with-
    drawing.  He paused again when only the head of his cock was within
    her, then thrust inward again.  He repeated this action several
    times, varying only the length of each pause.  Then he gradually
    started to speed up his movements.

    She moved to meet his thrusts and was only a little surprised when
    his hands relaxed their grip to allow  her.  He was pumping at a
    rapid pace now and she was very close to climaxing.   He started to
    spank her, each smack timed to match a deep thrust of his cock. She
    was close to bursting then and lost herself in the exquisite
    sensations.  When his cock exploded, he bent forward and bit one
    nipple.  She responded with a starburst of passion.

    Later she would try to remember details and fail totally.  All she
    could recall was the strange mixture of pleasure and pain that
    carried her into ecstasy.  She wondered if the blindfold inhibited
    memory.

    When he released her his manner hadn't changed.  He showed her the
    whip and told her she had much to learn.  Then he left her standing
    again in the circle of light.  His voice told her she could dress
    and leave.  He also told her that her next session would severely
    test her.

    As she dressed she examined herself and found that she had a dark
    bruise where his spanks had landed.   Her left nipple also seemed
    discolored.   Despite those vivid reminders, she didn't want  to
    leave.  When the spotlights faded and she could see the walls of
    the room, she saw that she was alone.  The fire had almost died out
    and the cabinet that held the whip was again locked.  She slowly
    walked down the corridor and out the door.


ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
This quality file was downloaded from

         E  X  T  R  E  M  E
      ------------+------------      ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                 /|\                  ³                                 ³
                / | \                 ³   Portland Metro All Text BBS   ³
               /  |  \                ³                                 ³
              /   |   \               ³        9600: 503-775-0374       ³
             /    |    \              ³         SysOp: Thing One        ³
            /     |     \             ³                                 ³
           /      |      \           ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
            d r e a m e s
