                Alicia's Descent into Submission
                --------------------------------

Story 55b                                               Chapter 2
Alicia submits to Jeffrey
-----------------------------------------------------------------

     It had been almost a month since Alicia's first foray into 
the exciting world of dominance and submission and she had
Jeffrey had enjoyed adventure after adventure.  Alicia had found
a whole new level of excitement in surrendering herself totally
to her lover's desires.  Just putting on a blindfold was now
enough to cause her pussy to literally drip with excitement. 
Jeffrey had tied Alicia in a number of different positions each
more exposing than the last.  She had enjoyed being bound to her
bed on her back with her hands fastened to the headboard and her
ankles spread to the bottom corners.  A variation on this had
Jeffrey bend her knees and tied them wide apart to the sides of
the bed thus opening her slit wide apart.  
     One night Jeffrey had blindfolded her and had tied her
standing with her hands pulled toward the ceiling.  Her ankles
were also tied wide apart.  It had been her favorite position so
far.  Standing there with her breasts pointing proudly forward,
she had imagined herself on display as though at a slave auction
from a bygone era.  Jeffrey had left her like that for quite
awhile and had brought all of her senses to a fever pitch by
slowly and gently rubbing warm oil over her entire helpless body. 
He had finally taken her, still standing, until they both cried
out in orgasm.  Alicia had come so powerfully that she had hung
weakly in her bonds, quivering as tears streamed down her face. 
Last weekend, Jeffrey had put her in what was, by far, the
position that Alicia felt most vulnerable in.  On Saturday night
at his home, Jeffrey had blindfolded her and then undressed her
completely.  He led her into the living room until she felt the
cold leather of the back of his easy chair touch her thighs. 
Jeffrey had attached the, by now familiar, straps to her wrists
and then gently pushed her forward until she was bent double with
her head touching the seat.  Jeffrey had tied her wrists to the
forward arms of the chair and then spread her feet and fastened
her ankles wide apart.  He had left her like that for a long time
before finally touching her and by the time he did Alicia was
soaked.  She had imagined what she must look like from her
boyfriend's vantage point.  Her long tanned legs were stretched
tight down and wide apart.  Alicia could feel a faint breeze
between her opened thighs and knew that Jeffrey had a perfect
view of her blond pussy from behind.  She was sure that he would
be able to see her juices on her puffed out slit.  Alicia had
pictured herself in Jeffrey's position and realized that her
bottom was stretched tight across the leather chair and the her
buttocks were opened wide apart exposing her anus.  Alicia felt
herself tremble as she wondered if Jeffrey planned to touch her
there.
     Alicia had always considered that part of her anatomy to be
private and had never let any of her lovers touch her there.  She
was somehow embarrassed when even she touched her herself.  It
was kind of naughty to finger her bottom but whenever she did it
was the most exciting thing ever.  Now, here she was, bent over,
helplessly exposing her bottom to her lover.  Jeffrey's hands had
finally touched her.  Starting at her ankles and trailing up the
backs of her calves to her knees and then up along the insides of
her thighs to her blond bush now wet with her own juices.  Alicia
shivered with delight as she remembered how Jeffrey's fingers
slid down from the small of her back through the valley between
her buttocks.  Alicia had gasped as his fingers had crossed the
sensitive opening of her anus.  Alicia still wasn't sure if she
was disappointed or thankful that he hadn't lingered there.  The
sex that night, with Jeffrey taking her while she was still bent
over the chair, was the best ever.  
     That had been last Saturday and now, here it was Friday
morning and Alicia hadn't seen Jeffrey since.  Each night when
they talked, Jeffrey promised to outdo himself next time.  

     "When?" had asked Alicia

     "When it's time." had said Jeffrey with a smile.  

     Alicia had waited anxiously each night for Jeffrey to start
an 'adventure' but each night their talk was pleasant but
decidedly asexual.
     Alicia was getting ready for work when the phone rang.

     "Hi." said Jeff "Are you ready for an adventure?"

     Alicia giggled "Yes Sir"

     "Good girl." said Jeffrey "Have you dressed for work yet?"

     "Not yet." replied Alicia

     "Okay I want you to dress in a short white skirt.  Wear the
pleated one that goes about half-way to your knees.  Wear the
pale blue cotton blouse with it.  Pick out a pair of heels too. 
Oh, and there's to be no other clothing; no panties, no bra, no
stockings, nothing.  Plan to spend your lunch hour at my office. 
Take a cab so that you're there by 12:15.  Any questions?"

     "No."

     "Good.  See you later then."

     Alicia pulled the clothes Jeffrey had asked for out of the
closet and jumped into a quick shower.  As she dressed, she could
feel her excitement building.  She was sure she'd be soaking wet
by lunchtime.  'What would he do to her this time?' she wondered,
'Would he tie her up in his office?'  
     What excited Alicia most is that she had no idea what would
be demanded of her just that she would have to obey him.  The
morning at work seemed interminable.  Alicia kept looking at the
clock and willing it to go faster.  Finally noon arrived and
Alicia was out of the building and into a waiting cab by 12:01. 
During the 10 minute ride she thought over and over again about
what might happen.  She felt her heat rise as possibility after
possibility ran through her mind.  Alicia paid the driver and
hurried into the tall office building where Jeffrey worked.  A
few moments later, Ali exited an elevator on the 18th floor. 
Jeffrey's office was down the corridor.  Alicia took a deep
breath before opening the door and walking in.

     As usual, Jeffrey's receptionist Kathy was in the lobby. 
Kathy and Alicia had met a number of times.  Kathy smiled as she
walked in.

     "Hello Alicia.  Jeffrey said to give this to you and to have
you wait for him in his office."

     The pretty young receptionist handed Alicia a large
envelope.  Alicia looked down and saw the word 'Instructions'
printed on the envelope in Jeffrey's handwriting.  She looked up
to see a knowing smile on Kathy's face.  Alicia blushed a deep
red in embarrassment as she realized that Kathy now knew that she
was submissive.

     Alicia quickly moved into Jeffrey's spacious office and
closed the door behind her with a sigh of relief.  Jeffrey's
office was luxuriously furnished.  His large oak desk was at one
end.  At the other end was a small conference table and a small
sofa.  The office was covered with wall to wall carpeting. 
Alicia sat down at the conference table and opened the envelope. 
Inside was a black silk scarf and a letter.  Alicia's heart
quickened as she picked up the note.  

     Jeffrey's instructions were simple and to the point.  Alicia
was to remove all of her clothes immediately.  She would then
stand in the middle of the room and put on the blindfold.  Then
she was to stand with her feet apart and her hands clasped behind
her head until she was given further instructions.  

     Alicia's face was flushed by the time she finished the
letter.  Just the idea of taking off all of her clothes in
Jeffrey's office was terrifying but to do so in the middle of the
day with Kathy right outside the door, that was even scarier. 
Alicia was pretty sure it would be Jeffrey who would come in, but
there was not even a guarantee of that.  As Alicia stood up she
realized that, as scary as these instructions were, they were
also exciting.  She felt her pussy tingling with her own juices.

     Alicia's hands shook slightly as she undid the first button
of her blouse.  It only took a moment before the blouse and skirt
tumbled to the floor leaving Alicia completely nude.  She moved
to the center of the room and carefully put on the blindfold. 
Instantly Alicia's hearing doubled in sensitivity.  She clasped
her hands behind her head and waited for someone to come in.  Her
ears strained to identify the sounds outside of the door.  The
wait was only a couple of minutes but it seemed like an hour. 
Each time Alicia heard Kathy move around out in the lobby, she
would hold her breath and pray she wouldn't wander in with a memo
or something.  

     The sound of the door opening finally came.  Alicia felt her
whole body tense.  It seemed to take forever for the door to
close and all that time Alicia knew she was perfectly visible to
whoever might be looking in from the lobby.  Alicia let out a
small sigh of relief when it finally closed.

     Was it Jeffrey who was now in the room?  Even if it was, did
he come in alone?  Alicia listened intently as someone slowly
walked all around her.  She felt her nipples betraying her
excitement as they stood to attention under the gaze of her
admirer.  Very lightly, fingertips touched the underside of her
breast and slid upward to her now tight nipples.  The fingers
left her and then touched her again, this time sliding from the
small of her back, tracing the crack between her buttocks. 
Alicia let out a breath that she realized she had been holding
for ages.  The fingertips touched here and there, each time
making Alicia hotter and wetter.  Finally she heard Jeffrey's
voice.

     "You're awfully hot, my little sex slave."

     "Oh God... you have no idea." replied Alicia

     Jeffrey's fingers moved up and grasped Alicia left nipple
firmly.  With a small tug, he pulled Alicia forward.  She had no
choice but to follow him.  In tiny steps, Alicia let herself be
led forward, the tugging on her nipples guiding her forward until
she felt the cool sensation of Jeffrey's leather seat on her
thighs.  From the height Alicia guessed that she was standing
directly behind the sofa facing forward.  The fingers left her
nipples and moved upward to grasp her wrists.  

     Her wrists were pulled forward until Alicia felt herself
being pulled down across the back of the sofa.  She bent forward
until her head rested on the sofa back.  Leather straps around
her wrists fastened her hands pulling forward toward the front of
the sofa.  Her now sensitive nipples just touched the cool
leather of the sofa back.  

     Alicia heard Jeffrey walk behind her and felt him attach
leather straps to her ankles also.  Her feet were pulled gently
wide apart until her hips rested fully at the top of the sofa
back.  Her feet were also fastened in this position.  Alicia's
breathing had quickened during the whole procedure and she knew
she was soaking wet with excitement.  She imagined the scene as
it must appear for Jeffrey.  There she was, bent over the back of
his leather sofa, her legs spread and her bottom pulled tight
from the position she was in.  She knew that from his vantage
point he had a perfect view of her pussy from the rear.  She was
sure that with all the excitement her pussy lips must be puffed
out and swollen.  She tried to imagine the view from the rear and
realized suddenly that her anus must be perfectly exposed also. 
That part of her that was so private was now completely exposed
to Jeffrey once again.  She knew that Jeffrey was standing or
sitting right behind her, enjoying the view.  She wondered what
he would do next.

     Jeffrey moved closer to Alicia.  She felt his hands stroke
gently upward and come to rest with one on each buttock.  His
thumbs slid slowly inward then gently pried Alicia's bottom wide
open stretching her anus tight.  Alicia had never been so
embarrassed.  She tried to clench her cheeks but in this
bent-over position it was impossible.  She felt Jeffrey blowing
gently across her sensitive anus and shivered as she wondered
what he might do to her.  Jeffrey held her like that for what
seemed ages before letting go.  She heard him walk over to his
desk and then the sound of a jar or container opening.  Jeffrey's
footsteps moved back behind Alicia and she held her breath in
anticipation.

     The touch of Jeffrey's fingertip directly on the center of
Alicia's anus was cold.  Alicia gasped.  Jeffrey had covered his
finger in vaseline and now he teased her rear opening, circling
the center slowly.  Alicia held her breath again, knowing what
must come next.  Jeffrey's penetration of her bottom came a
fraction of an inch at a time.  In and out, each push a little
deeper until finally his finger was embedded in her fully and
Alicia was gasping with excitement.

     Jeffrey chuckled "You like that do you?" he asked.  "Well
you're going to like it more because as soon as I get home
tonight I'm going to take your anal cherry.  Between now and then
I'm going to leave your bottom slippery for me and you are not
going to touch yourself.

     "You're to be home by 5:30 and when you get in I want you to
strip completely and go to the bedroom.  You're going to put on
the blindfold and get on the bed.  I want you on your knees with
your ass facing the doorway.  You'll  spread your knees wide
apart then bend over until your head touches the bedspread.  Then
I want you to reach back and hold your buttocks wide apart for my
inspection.  You'll stay like that until you're told otherwise. 
Now, do you understand all your instructions?"

     All this time Jeffrey's finger had been sliding gently in
and out of Alicia's tight bottom, twisting slowly as it did. 
Alicia's voice trembled with excitement as she answered her
lover.

     "Oh yes."

     "Yes what?" asked Jeffrey softly

     "Yes Sir" replied Alicia

     Jeffrey's finger pulled slowly from Alicia's upturned bottom
and despite herself, Ali felt her anal muscles pulling to hold
him in.  A few quick moments later Alicia found herself untied
and the blindfold removed.  Jeffrey was smiling at her.

     "Now put on your dress and get back to the office.  Remember
what's going to happen tonight."

     "How can I forget?" grinned Alicia as she pulled on her
dress.

     As she left the office, Kathy smiled knowingly at her again
and Alicia felt the heat of her embarrassment rise to her face.

     The afternoon at the office was a write-off.  Alicia
couldn't keep her mind on anything but the feeling of Jeffrey's
finger in her bottom and the thought of what awaited her at home.

     Alicia made fast time getting home and arrived by 5:30.  Not
wanting to wait, she quickly stripped off her clothes and hung
them up.  With a quick look at her watch, she figured she could
spend 5 minutes in a shower and did so.  By 5:30 exactly, Alicia
was in her bedroom, naked and on the bed.  She got herself into
position and put on the blindfold.  As usual the blindfold had
her get even more excited.  Spreading her knees wide apart, she
bent over and rested her head on the bed.  Alicia reached back
and grasped her buttocks and pulled them open.  She felt even
more vulnerable than she had at the office.  Just the idea that
she was holding herself open in this obscene position for her
lover to 'inspect' her was the most naughty thing she had ever
done.  

     Alicia didn't have to wait long.  After about 5 minutes she
heard the front door open.  The door closed after a moment and
she waited for her lover to come into her room to discover her. 
She felt her anticipation build.  What would happen? she
wondered.  Where would he touch her first?  The thoughts of what
might happen next ran through her mind as fast as she could think
of them.  She knew her pussy was now soaking wet.  She could feel
each slight draft of air as it passed over her wetness.  Alicia
strained her ears trying to hear the sounds of Jeffrey entering
her room.  Each minute seemed like hours and all Alicia could
hear was the sound of her own heartbeat racing a mile-a-minute.  

     The touch directly at the center of Alicia's anus was a
shock and surprise.  She gasped out loud as the tip of a finger
circled the center of her rosebud.  It was cold and slippery. 
Alicia was sure it was covered with even more lubricant.  The
finger moved in a minute circular motion, teasing the sensitive
opening.  It only took a moment and Alicia's bottom began moving
with the motion of the finger, undulating almost obscenely
despite herself.  The finger paused for a moment, waiting
directly in the center of the opening and Alicia held her breath. 
It was as though time was suspended, waiting for the next
movement.  When it came, a moment later, it was a long firm
movement.  Jeffrey's forefinger slid fully into Alicia's bottom
until it was embedded to the third knuckle.  Alicia gasped and
arched her back at the sensation of his finger penetrating her. 
The finger pulled out slowly only to be thrust back in again. 
Alicia couldn't believe the sensations.  She had never imagined
she could get so hot from being touched there.  Her pussy was
soaking wet and burning hot.  Again Jeffrey's finger withdrew and
then plunged into her.  This time Alicia couldn't stifle a moan
at the feeling. 

     The finger pulled from her slowly and Jeffrey felt Alicia's
anal muscles pull in a vain attempt to keep his finger inside
her.  Jeffrey smiled as he watched her sphincter clench down on
him.  Her breathing was coming in short ragged breaths now and he
knew that if he kept up the violation of her bottom any longer,
she would come from that sensation alone.  

     Alicia whimpered softly as his finger pulled from her. 
Alicia waited, her back arched slightly.  She knew that the
position left her bottom pushed up and in her submissive
position, she imagined how she must look, her bottom and pussy
offered from behind to her dominant lover.  She waited quietly
for whatever Jeffrey had planned next.  She did not have to wait
long.  Jeffrey's fingers began sliding up her thigh, moving
slowly closer and closer to her wetness.  He cupped her mound
gently with one hand and began stroking her pussy lips
lengthwise. Alicia waited for him to take her there but Jeffrey
had other plans.  One finger began stroking the length of her
slit, moving her juices up and across her engorged clitoris. 
Alicia moaned at the feeling.  Suddenly, Alicia felt her anus
being touched again.  The feeling was cold, lubricant again she
guessed.  The object at her rear passage was not a finger she
quickly realized it was too hard.  What was it?  

     The plastic plug pushed slowly into her, opening her already
slippery bottom.  As the plug was inserted, Alicia felt it
getting wider and wider.  Her breathing became ragged, short
sharp breaths as the plastic intruder violated her rectum. 
Suddenly the widest part pushed past her sphincter and the plug
became very narrow quickly.  Her muscles pulled the plastic up
into her, filling her bottom with it.  The narrowest portion was
kept from being pulled in by a T-handle that was now lodged
against her anus.  This meant that her anus was also kept open. 
Alicia felt her stomach muscles ripple in the beginnings of an
orgasm and her anus clamped down hard on the plastic plug.  All
it would take would be one tiny movement of the plug or Jeffrey's
finger on her clit and she would be over the edge but Jeffrey
wouldn't let her yet.

     "Oh Please." whimpered Alicia.  

     "Please what?" grinned Jeffrey.

     "Please let me come."

     "When I'm ready.  Now be a good little girl for me and don't
move until I tell you."

     "Yes Sir" whispered Alicia as she concentrated on not
coming.

     Jeffrey moved back and sat down, enjoying the sight of
Alicia's quivering body as she tried to keep herself from going
over the edge.  He was sure she'd never been more sexually
stimulated in her life.  He waited until she had calmed down
somewhat before getting up again.  

     Alicia felt she was now more under control but the first
touch of Jeffrey on the plastic plug in her bottom was as though
it was an electric shock!  She cried out at the feeling and
arched her back again as he twisted it slowly inside of her.  His
fingers grasped the plug and moved it in and out in minute
movements.  Jeffrey started to pull the plug from her and Alicia
thought she would faint.  Her pussy gushed more of her juices and
she knew that her thighs were soaked with them.  She couldn't
stop moaning and whimpering as the object was slowly pulled from
her and she felt her sphincter grasp at it despite herself. 
Alicia's face was beet red both from excitement and the
humiliation of so exposing herself to her lover.  A moment later
the plug was pulled all the way out leaving Alicia trembling.

     "Alicia, do you want something now?" asked Jeffrey.

     "Oh God do I ever!" said Alicia, "Please do it Jeff."  

     Jeffrey smiled down at her upturned bottom.  "And what would
you like me to do?"

     Alicia blushed "You know."

     "No I don't."

     "F-f-f-fuck me." she stammered embarrassed by even saying
the word.

     "And where would you like me to fuck you?" asked Jeffrey in
a soft voice.

     Alicia hesitated then replied in a tiny voice she barely
recognized as her own.  "In my bottom."

     Jeffrey moved forward until the head of his cock was just
touching her anus.  He was well lubricated already and Alicia's
bottom was, of course, completely slippery.  Alicia held her
breath, waiting for him to push forward.  Jeffrey waited a long
moment until she started to relax then pushed the head of his
cock into her.  Alicia gasped.  He was in!  She had never thought
it would be so easy and so, so hot!  Jeffrey held himself there
for a moment but Alicia pushed backward, wanting all of him.  A
moment later he was buried in her to the hilt.  

     Alicia's body was a riot of sensations, her pussy was still
soaking wet and her clit was quivering.  Her nipples had been
hard since she arrived and now they were so hard they ached.  The
blindfold seemed to center her attention completely on what was
being done to her.  

     Jeffrey started to move slowly in and out and Alicia started
to rock with the rhythm.  Alicia was getting closer and closer
and Jeffrey knew he was too.  Her bottom was very tight and so
hot that he had to control himself from just spurting inside of
her.  Alicia heard Jeffrey's breath getting shorter and she knew
he'd come soon just like her.  Their movements were quicker and
deeper now.  It was only a moment before they wouldn't be able to
hold back anymore.  Suddenly Jeffrey paused, leaving only the
head of his cock inside of her.  Alicia moaned in frustration and
tried vainly to push back on him.

     "Ali," he gasped, "do you know what I'm going to do to you
tomorrow?"

     "MMmmmmm," she moaned, "Anything, you can do anything to
me."

     "I'm going to shave your pussy bald and I'm going to spank
your bottom just like a little girl."  said Jeffrey

     "Oh!" cried Alicia.  The thought of doing that was too much
and Alicia felt herself tumbling beyond any possibility of
holding back.  Her orgasm started to rush in on her from all
sides and as it did, Jeffrey plunged back into her fully and
deeply.  Alicia cried out and felt her rectum squeeze her lover
tight.  That was all it took for Jeffrey and he felt his jism
rush up from his balls and shoot deep into Alicia's bowels as she
thrust herself hard back onto him.  

     The orgasm seemed to go on forever cascading over them again
and again until they slid, exhausted onto the sheets of the bed.

Lying there, in a warm afterglow, Alicia pulled off the blindfold
and looked over at Jeffrey.  "I meant it.", she murmured, "You
can do anything to me."

     Jeffrey chuckled as he held the beautiful girl in his arms. 
"I meant it before." he said, "Tomorrow, I'm going to have your
pussy be smooth as a little girl's and then I'm going to spank
your bottom until it's hot for me."

     "Mmmmmm"  said Alicia, "That will be the hottest thing I've
ever done."

     "It's just the beginning." said Jeffrey, "We're going to be
more outrageous and exciting than you ever imagined."

     "So long as it's with you." murmured Alicia as she snuggled