ALIENATION

          Ripley slammed into the medlab.  God, she could kill Burke.  It
seemed like every time she spoke to the man she came away with a headache.
 And she had a real killer of a headache now; something she definitely
didn't need.  With all the problems they had right now, she needed to
concentrate, to think clearly.
	Bishop looked up from the tests he was running on the Facehugger. 
"Is there something I can help you with, Lieutenant?"  he asked.
	Ripley looked at the android with distrust.  He seemed okay, but
one could never tell.  The Company could have programmed him just like
they had Ash.  She'd keep a careful eye on him.  When the time came.  Now
didn't seem to be one of those times.
	"I need something for a headache.  Nothing strong; I want to keep
my mind clear; just something to take the edge off."
	Bishop spoke in his husky voice.  "Ah.  I have just the thing." 
He rummaged through a couple of cabinets and emerged with a small vial of
clear liquid.  "This should be exactly what you need."  He picked up a
sterile syringe and began to prepare it.  "Your arm please, Lieutenant."
	Ripley removed her outer shirt, and sat down on a chair next to
Bishop.  He swabbed her arm, and she felt the sting of the needle.
	When he was through; she started to get up to leave, but Bishop
stopped her.  "You need to stay here for a few minutes, Lieutenant.  Just
precautions."
	"Bishop, I'm sure I'll be fine," she replied, and got up to
retrieve her shirt 
	She felt Bishop's hands on her shoulders as he guided her back to
the chair.  "I'm sure you're right, Lieutenant; however, regulations are
regulations."  She heard a tone of amusement in his voice.  "And I'm sure
you know that as an Artificial Person there are some matters that I have
no choice in."  Ripley remembered Ash and shuddered.  Was Bishop trying to
tell her something?
	Bishop's hands were still on her shoulders, even though she had
returned to the chair.  He felt her shudder.  He also could feel the
tightness in her shoulders; no doubt the source of her headache. 
Therapeutic massage was one of his....talents.  He hated to think of them
as programs.
	He began working the muscles in her shoulders, getting rid of the
knots that were there.  Ripley, startled, began to protest.  "Bishop,
I..."
	"Quiet!"  he commanded.  "When this pain killer wears off, your
headache is only going to come back, unless you relax.  So just sit down
and let me work the stress out of your muscles."
	Ripley considered protesting again, but decided against it.  Why
not allow herself a moment of luxury?  She deserved it.  And she could
afford to take a few minutes off.  She closed her eyes and let her chin
drop to her chest.  "You are very good at this, Bishop."
	His voice sounded hesitant, pleased.  "Thank you."  Almost shyly,
he said, "If you'd like, I could do your lower back as well.  Just lay
there on that table."
	"Okay, why not?" Ripley said.  She stood up, and stretching,
walked over to the exam table.  Before she lay down, she removed her
undershirt as well.  Bishop caught a glimpse of small, firm breasts before
she lay down on her stomach and they were hidden from his view.
	He began his work again.  As he concentrated on ridding her
muscles of every knot, he also considered that she apparently didn't see
him as a man.  He doubted that she would have removed her shirt as readily
in front of any of the organic men on the team.  Did she think he didn't
have feelings?  Emotions?  Or that he didn't get horny on occasion?
	Although he was, for the most part, quiet and unassuming, he felt
a flash of anger.  As an Artificial Person, he was subjected to many
slights and insults that an Organic never had to deal with.  He was
treated as an object, a servant.  Less.
	His hands lowered to her firm buttocks, and he kneaded the muscles
there.  Ripley gave a low moan of pleasure.  "Bishop, you are a miracle of
science.  Where can I find your massage program?  I'd like to put it in my
own 'droid at home."
	Bishop cleared his throat to keep the thickness out of his voice. 
"I am programmed in every major therapeutic massage technique, and a few
of the more exotic ones as well."  He was silent for a moment, and then he
said, "Would you care to try my foot massage technique?"
	The combination of Bishop's massage and the painkiller had made
Ripley feel very good, she hadn't realized how tightly she had been wound.
 "That would be great, Bishop."  She rolled over onto her back, and then
sat up.  She removed her shoes and socks, and then as an afterthought,
removed her pants as well.  Might as well be really comfortable.  She got
back up onto the exam table, her 
legs dangling from the knees at the end.
	Bishop moved the chair up to the table, and sat down in it.  He
picked up Ripley's foot and raised it to his chest.  His hands began to
work the muscles in her foot, and Ripley thought she had never felt
anything so wonderful in her life.  She let her head fall back, and she
allowed her thoughts to wander, something she hadn't done for years, it
seemed.
	As Bishop sat in front of her, with her foot in his hands; he
followed the length of her leg with his eyes.  She had long, wonderful
legs.  
	He put her left foot down and picked up her right.  He began to
work his magic on the bottom of her foot; working on the arch of her foot.
 Ripley lay back onto the table, relaxed.  Bishop couldn't help but notice
that her crotch was at his eye level, and he looked at her white
underwear, and thought about what was underneath it, just covered by a
scrap of fabric.  He sighed.  If only she thought of 
him as a real man.  He felt like a real man.  He had the same desires as
any of the other men on the team.
	Ripley was in heaven.  She could almost forget the horror that was
waiting in the dark.  Bishop was working on the muscles in her calf, and
working up towards her thigh muscles.  He really had a talent for this. 
If she had to stand up now, she'd probably fall right to the ground.  Her
legs felt like jelly.
	Bishop hadn't had a woman for a long time.  Occasionally Vasquez
would come to him and use him, but she hadn't for a while.  Not that he
cared.  She treated him like a glorified sex toy.  He wondered how Ripley
would be.  Not as aggressive as Vasquez, surely, but would she treat him
like a man?
	Ripley moaned with pleasure.  Bishop thought she looked like a cat
when it was being petted.  She was relaxed, and content looking.  Her
thighs were slightly parted, and he noticed the slight moisture that was
beginning to dampen the crotch of her underwear.  The sight startled him
slightly.  He was arousing her?  He was programmed with many pleasuring
techniques, but had rarely used 
them.  The fact that he was an Artificial Person turned many women off,
and others, like Vasquez, had no interest in being pleasured.  They wanted
a male body to use.
	Feeling slightly daring, he inched his massaging fingers closer to
the juncture of her thighs.  She parted her thighs even wider to allow him
easier access to her inner muscles.  At the same time, he noticed a
difference in her body language.  She no longer seemed as relaxed as she
had.  He also noticed that the dampness on her underwear was increasing.
	Ripley felt her arousal creeping up on her.  Maybe after this
relaxing massage, she would go find Hicks.  At the very least, she'd go
somewhere and masturbate this sexual tension away.  Bishop's fingers were
tantalizingly close to her crotch, and she didn't know how much longer she
could stand it.  She'd have to leave soon, or she might end up balling
Bishop, she thought with amusement.  
	Then she was shocked to feel one of Bishop's fingers sliding up
under her underwear.  She felt his finger lightly stroking her wet cunt ,
and she stiffened with shock.  She began to protest, but was silenced by
Bishop.  "Sssh.  Just think of it as another of my relaxation programs." 
She again opened her mouth to protest, but he said, "No one will know."  
	His fingers began stroking her again, and she felt all protest
drain from her.  God, it felt so good.  Why not?  After all the hell she'd
lived through she deserved to take pleasure where she found it.  She
relaxed back onto the table, and Bishop, pleased by her acquiescence,
slowly removed her underwear.  As he once again began lightly stroking
her, she sighed with pleasure and spread her 
legs wide.
	Bishop moved up beside her, still stroking, and his lips came down
on her nipple.  Ripley marveled at the softness, the gentleness of them. 
Who would have thought?  Then when his tongue flicked the tip of her
nipple, her back arched in shock at the desire that shot through her.  She
moaned, and Bishop, encouraged by her desire, and feeling his own passion
rise, began to suck on her 
nipple.
	"Oh, God, yessssss," she groaned, writhing upon the table.  "God,
your lips....yesss."  Bishop's fingers began moving faster between her
legs, and Ripley's head rolled from side to side.  She could feel an
orgasm starting to build up, but she knew it would only be a small one. 
She grabbed Bishop's hand, stopping him.
	At his questioning glance, she gasped, "Wait....not yet".  Nodding
his understanding, Bishop returned to his chair at the foot of the table. 
He sat down in it, and said in a voice that seemed even huskier than
usual, "Slide down."  Feeling a bizarre sense of deja vu that she realized
stemmed from her last visit to the gynecologist, she slid down the table,
exposing herself fully.  She imagined Bishop saying, "That's it, feet in
the stirrups....relax," and stifled an urge to giggle.
	She lay there, looking at the lights on the ceiling.  There were
four.  She jumped then, as she felt Bishop's fingers lightly stroking her
inner thighs.  Her nether lips were swollen and aching, and she longed for
Bishop's fingers, lightly stroking them again.  But he only stroked her
thighs, bringing his fingers closer to her burning center, and then away
again.  The ache began to build, and she 
didn't know if she could stand it any more.
	Then, she became aware of Bishop's hot breath against her tender
folds.  'Oh, God, please', she prayed silently, 'give me relief.'  She
waited, holding her breath, for the touch of his lips on her aching lower
lips.  They felt more swollen than she could ever remember them being, and
the wetness was flowing from her.  Bishop had to know her need, but she
only felt his stroking fingers on her thighs and his breath tickling her,
teasing.
	"Bishop!" she cried out.  "Dammit, Bishop!"  A moment later she
cried out in ecstasy as she felt his tongue lightly touch her clit.  Her
back arched, and she thrust herself into Bishop's face.  His arms
encircled her thighs, and he pulled her closer to him, lapping up her
juices.  
	She bucked up against him, thrashing in ecstasy.  Bishop licked
her almost fiercely, knowing that the time for any subtlety was past.  He
found her swollen clit with his teeth, and began to lightly suck on it. 
As he heard her gasp again with this new sensation, he inserted one of his
thick fingers into her vagina, and began to slide it in and out.  Ripley
reached up to grab the top of the exam table.  
She needed something, anything to grab onto.  She used the leverage to
push herself even closer to Bishop's lips and fingers.
	Ripley felt an orgasm beginning to build, and almost before she
realized it, it slammed into her with the force of a freight train.  She
opened her mouth to cry out, but mindful of the need for silence, even at
a moment such as this, turned it into a silent scream.  She stiffened, and
then her orgasm was over.  She sat up, quickly pushing Bishop away from
her.  The sudden tenderness of her pussy was almost unbearable.
	She put her hand to her head, trying to will away the
lightheadedness.  She was sweating, and breathing rapidly.  She panted,
trying to catch her breath, and then looked up at Bishop.  "Bishop..." she
gasped, "God, that was magnificent."  Looking into his eyes, she said
softly, "Thank you."
	Bishop looked at her, an unfathomable expression in his eyes. 
Pain, confusion?  Gratitude?  What an odd combination.  He opened his
mouth to say something, then shut it again.
	"Bishop," she said, "what is it?"
	A look of almost embarrassment came over his face, then he
awkwardly gestured towards his crotch.  "What about me?" he said softly,
almost meekly.	Ripley looked down at the bulge straining the fabric of
his pants.  Surprised, she looked up at him.  "I never realized...that
they made you...," now it was Ripley's turn to feel embarrassed.  "I mean,
I didn't know that they made you...fully male."
	"We were made to fully integrate into society.  We eat, breathe,
bleed, and feel pain."  Bishop looked into her face.  "Just like you do."
	As Ripley looked into his eyes, she felt a little ashamed of
herself.  She had treated him badly before.  Not without reason, she
thought.  But maybe he's not like Ash.  Ash hadn't seemed to want to be
around the other crew members.  But she had seen Bishop standing at the
edges of the group; wanting to be included, and she wondered for the first
time if he was lonely.  
	Bishop started to turn away, and almost before she knew what she
was doing, Ripley reached out to stop him.  He turned to her, and as she
looked into his face her hand brushed his groin lightly.  A spasm of
desire crossed his face, and then it was gone.  Her fingers traced the
length of his hardness, firmly, and she felt his cock jerk in response.  
	"Come here," she said softly.  She grasped his wrist and pulled
him towards her, between her legs, then slowly unzipped his pants and
freed his rigid cock.  She stroked it softly, marveling that it felt like
any man's cock, from the softness of his skin, and the heat, and the
little pulse that pounded there.  She reached lower and cupped his balls
in her other hand, stroking. his penis at the same time.  Again, a spasm
crossed his face, and was quickly controlled.  
	"You like that." Ripley said.  It was not a question.  Eyes
closed, swallowing, Bishop nodded.  "What about this?" Ripley asked, and
she rubbed the head of his cock against her warm pussy.  Bishop's jaws
clenched, and he nodded again.
	Ripley had recovered from her orgasm, and was becoming aroused
again.  The soft tip of the android's cock felt heavenly against her
pussy.  She dipped it just slightly into her vagina, and then rubbed it
against her clit.  She could see that Bishop was almost painfully aroused
by her teasing antics, and she laughed 
slightly.  "Well, Bishop, do you want me?"  He opened his eyes, and they
blazed at her.  He nodded.  "Yes!"  he rasped.  
	Ripley lay back on the exam table, and stretched her arms out. 
She pulled her feet up onto the edge of the table, and looked at him.  Her
lips smiled an invitation.
	A little disconcerted, not quite sure if she had given her
permission, Bishop slid his cock around her pussy lips, then back against
her clit.  When she moaned and wriggled upon the table, he put the head of
his cock just into the entrance to her vagina.  When Ripley did not
resist, he slid it in, slowly, to the hilt.  As he sheathed his cock deep
within her warm pussy, it took every ounce of self-control not to lose
himself in pounding oblivion.  Much as he ached for his orgasm, he wanted
this to last.  He withdrew, torturously slow, and then waited for a moment
before slamming back into her, deeply.  Ripley gasped, and tried to spread
her 
legs wider.  Instead of withdrawing right away, Bishop stayed deep inside
her, and leaned forward to lightly caress her nipples.  Then he lowered
his head, and began lightly licking them.
	The feel of his motionless cock deep within her and his skin
against her pussy was driving Ripley crazy.  She could even feel the pulse
of his cock pounding deep within her.  She brought her legs around his
waist, and pulled herself tight against him.  She began wriggling against
him, rubbing her clit against him, and thinking she'd go insane if he
didn't start fucking her.  She began making low noises of frustration,
wanting to scream from it.
	Abruptly, Bishop pulled out of her with a hoarse cry.  He was
breathing rapidly, and his teeth were clenched in an effort to bring
himself under control.	"Bishop," Ripley panted, "please."  Bishop looked
at her in surprise.  This strong, independent woman was begging him, much
as he had begged Vasquez for his release on many occasions.  He reflected
that apparently this type of 
control had nothing to do with human over android or even woman over man,
but rather taking control of the situation.  He thought with amusement
that this lesson was something he might teach Vasquez the next time she
came to him.
	"Bishop!" Ripley cried out.  Her voice brought him out of his
reverie.  The lesson he had just learned had given him confidence, and he
knew that he was back in control of his body.  He would cum when he wanted
to, not before.  He slid slowly back into her tight warm sheath.  As he
pumped in and out of Ripley's body, he enjoyed the mewling sounds of
desire she was making, and then noticed that he was groaning as well.  
	He grabbed her slim ankles and pulled them up to his shoulders,
giving himself even deeper access.  He began slamming into her, harder and
harder, and then he reached down and spread her pussy lips with one hand,
and lightly rubbed her swollen clit with his thumb.  Ripley's cries became
frantic now, and she began thrashing against him.  Suddenly she cried out,
and stiffened.  He 
could see the ecstasy in her face, and then she went limp.
	Knowing that Ripley had gotten her pleasure, Bishop allowed
himself his release.  He pulled her legs from his shoulders, spreading
them wide.  Then he drove himself into her, deeply, powerfully, pounding
until he exploded with orgasm.  He threw his head back and uttered a
harsh, strangled cry, and then collapsed on top of Ripley.
	They lay there together, panting, limbs intertwined, Bishop's
opaque android perspiration mixing with Ripley's clear human sweat.  For a
few moments they lay there, and then Bishop withdrew from Ripley's body,
and she began to get dressed.  Bishop straightened himself out, tucking
his shirt in, and zipping his pants back up.
	When they were finished, there was a moment of awkwardness between
them.  Bishop didn't know what to say.  "Thank you" seemed somehow
pathetic.  It had been more than sex to him; he'd gotten a sense of his
own power from her, a sense of personhood.  Funnily enough, he didn't
think he knew her well enough to explain.  Hell, he didn't know anyone
well enough to talk to about it.  Suddenly, he felt lonelier than he ever
had before.  He felt so different, but he knew he'd always be looked at as
a piece of equipment.  Not for the first time, he cursed the makers who
had put emotions into an android who would only feel pain from them.
	Ripley looked at Bishop's face, and got a sense of how he felt. 
She didn't know why he was melancholy, but she understood it.  She was
too.  Her life had been altered so drastically that if she'd stopped to
think about it, she'd go mad.  The odds of survival here were not good. 
And this interlude with Bishop was likely the last moment of pleasure
she'd ever know.  For the first time, she began 
to wonder about Bishop, and how he felt, and why.  What were his reasons
for being unhappy?  What kind of hopes had he had for his life?  Did he
have hopes?  Realizing that she'd never have the time to find the answers
to these questions, she merely looked at him, and then turned to leave.
	Suddenly, she turned back around and went to Bishop.  She took his
face in her hands and tenderly kissed his lips.  Then she was gone.
	Bishop put his fingers to his lips.  He had never been kissed
before.  With real regret, he recalled the directive that Burke had given
him.  He was unable to override it.  He was a military android, but the
Company had created him, and had installed a function that could supersede
all his other programs.  He wasn't even able to tell anyone about it.  The
thought that he might have to betray these people, this woman, gave him a
stabbing ache deeper than his loneliest day.
	As he turned back to continue his research, a single opaque tear
ran down his cheek.
