
                     **********************
                     *                    *
                     * SEDUCED BY ALISON  *
                     * By John Krzesinski *
                     *                    *
                     **********************


When I was at school,I used to sing in the choir.  The reason was
quite  simple to the average horny boy - 25 girls to 10 boys  and
the sexiest teacher in the school in charge of it. My lust at the
time  was for a girl called Alison who just happened to be in the
choir as well.  We used to get on famously but I always seemed to
lack  the courage to ask her out.  She was sixteen (same  age  as
me), brown hair and eyes,  5'4",  had all her curves in the right
places and whenever she smiled she sent me wild.

Anyway one night we had a concert not too far from were she lived
and after it was over,  being the chivalrous type,  I walked  her
home. Can't remember what we talked about now but it was probably
something  stupid  like homework or who randy bandy  Leslie,  the
class slut, was having that night.  When we arrived at her house,
she  asked  me  in for a coffee and of course  I  said  yes.  Her
parents had quite a nice house - what little of it I saw on  that
occasion.  She showed me through to the lounge, put the TV on and
disappeared into the kitchen or so I thought.  When she came back
she  had changed out of her school uniform (always worn at  choir
concerts)  and was wearing a tight pair of jeans,  a thin  blouse
through which i could see the lacy outline of her well filled bra
and in her hands were two steaming cups of coffee.

She  sat down on the settee and we chatted and drank our coffees.
All  the  time  I could feel her getting  closer  until  she  was
snuggling  right up to me.  I turned to say something to her  and
was  immediately  silenced  by  the look  in  her  eyes.  I  felt
irresistibly drawn to her lips and before I knew it she was in my
arms and we were busy snogging away. I couldn't believe my luck -
and  I  wondered how long it would last.  She really knew how  to
kiss with those luscious lips of hers. Suddenly I felt her tongue
bursting  through  her lips and I had the pleasure  of  my  first
French  kiss.  While  I was busy lapping up the pleasures of  her
mouth and tongue she had been busy with my tie and shirt and  now
had  her hands all over the place.  I counter attacked by  easing
open  her blouse and fumbling with her bra.  It was at about this
moment that we slid off the settee and landed with a gentle  bump
onto the carpet. I landed partially on top of her and then rolled
off so that we were lying side by side. It was so comical that we
both stopped and burst out laughing.

The  laughing  didn't last long.  The sight of her  firm  breasts
sticking out through her partially open blouse made me come to my
senses.  I undid the rest of her blouse and then I put my hand on
her stomach and started lightly caressing her. All the time while
my  hand moved up towards her tits she looked straight at me  and
then she suddenly moved. I thought that was it - blown my chances
- but  she  was releasing her bra.  I started kissing  her  again
while my hand slowly moved up and cupped one of her breasts. They
felt soft,  warm and firm and as I moved my hand I could feel her
nipple  grow.  I couldn't resist pulling my mouth away  from  her
lips  and  fastening it on her slowly rising nipple.  I moved  my
hand to her other breast while I made a pig of myself sucking and
chewing at her nipple. By now I was virtually on top of her and I
could feel her starting to writhe.  I moved my free hand down  to
her  jeans and began wishing that they weren't quite so tight.  I
undid the button and the zip and could feel my target through her
thin knickers but apart from that things were awkward.  I slipped
my  hand down the front of her knickers and felt my  way  through
her  luxuriant pubic bush till I reached her slit.  I could  feel
that  she  was wet and every time my finger passed over her  slit
she  moaned and wriggled.  I decided on an all out attack on  her
luscious  body so I broke loose from her,  grabbed her jeans  and
her panties and pulled them off.  I then thought fair's fair  and
undid  my trousers and pulled them and my 'Y's down.  I was about
to lie down beside her when she suggested we adjourn to her  room
in case her parents returned early.

We  picked up our clothes and trooped up the stairs to her  room.
It's  really  difficult concentrating on walking when you  got  a
pretty bum and an erection in front of you.  Once in her room she
closed the door and jumped onto the bed. I climbed on as well and
we  hugged and kissed for a bit.  She then stopped and said to me
"The  girls were talking about cock and cunt sucking  today.  I'd
like to try it some time." That was a hint if ever I heard one so
I volunteered to be a guinea pig for the cock sucking. She wasn't
having that so I volunteered to give her a cunt sucking as  well.
Having decided what we were going to do the problem was doing it.
We  finally  manoeuvred ourselves in to a  satisfactory  position
with Alison at crotch height.  I could feel her warm breath on my
prick and was wondering what she was going to do next when I felt
a hand reach down and grab my cock.  Alison then waggled it about
a  bit  and then pulled her hand down.  This had  the  effect  of
pulling my foreskin back to reveal my knob. She seemed fascinated
by  it  and she held her hand there for a few minutes.  She  then
started to gently wank me while she used her other hand to fondle
my balls.  I was getting really aroused when I felt her kiss  the
end  of my knob.  It was an indescribable sensation that made  me
want to yell out as loud as I could. She kissed my prick more and
more and the she started to lick it.  She started at my balls and
worked  her  way up to the top.  I was getting into a  frenzy.  I
looked down at Alison in time to see her open those glorious lips
and   close  them  round  my  tool.   That  was  enough  for   my
inexperienced balls,  the sight and feeling of those lips closing
on my glans was enough to make me spurt my seed.  I could feel my
hips lunge upwards,  smashing into her face and releasing my warm
offering into her mouth.

After  my  spasms  finished I apologized for letting  go  in  her
mouth. She looked up and smiled at me.  Somehow I don't think she
was worried.  She crawled up my body and we lay there kissing and
cuddling for a bit. I then decided it was now or never and worked
my way down her body,  kissing and stroking her smooth skin as  I
went down towards her crotch.  I stopped when I reached her pubic
hair.  I  stopped and took in the sight of her mound and her slit
poking through.  I rubbed a finger down her slit and it opened up
slightly.  I then pushed a finger up her slit - she moaned and  I
could feel her muscles tightening.  I started moving my finger in
and  out  all  the time watching her hairy slit  opening  up  and
pouring  out its juices.  I pulled my finger out again and rubbed
her  slit  a  few times before pulling her  lips  apart  with  my
fingers.  I  stared  at her cunt for a few minutes,  watching  it
bubbling  away,  and her hole pulsating.  I lowered my  head  and
licked  her slit from bottom to top.  She tasted quite nice so  I
kept at it. While I was doing this I found her clit. I flicked my
tongue  over  it and it sent her into raptures.  She  moaned  and
groaned like she was demented and I could hardly keep hold of her
she  was moving so violently.  I moved my tongue down and stuffed
it in her hole. I could taste the and feel the juices pouring out
as I slurped at that juicy hole.  I moved my mouth back on to her
clit,  stroking it and kissing it. Alison started to get more and
more  heated till finally she let out a long  groan,  jerked  her
thighs  violently then slumped back down onto the bed.  I crawled
back up the bed and lay beside her fondling her breasts. I felt a
hand  move across to my prick and start playing with  it.  I  was
almost hard again.  She turned, looked at me and said "Fuck me!".

I  kissed her fully on the lips while I fondled her tits.  I then
climbed aboard her.  She guided my prick into her hole and I  let
out  a deep moan as I pushed deep into her.  I stayed there for a
while  soaking up her juices and feeling her muscles kneading  my
prick.  I then started to move gently up and down.  I could  feel
her coming up to meet my thrusts,  her hips clearing the bed.  We
kept  at it,  the pace increasing all the time.  I could feel  my
juices  welling up and I was getting close to blast off.  I could
tell that Alison was pretty close as well. Her face was a picture
- mouth open,  eyes closed and a look of ecstasy.  Her pussy  was
working  overtime gripping and sucking my prick deep into her.  I
managed  to mutter "I'm coming!!  Are you safe?"  Luckily she was
for  seconds  later  she  let out a  loud  scream  and  I  almost
immediately  thrust deep into her and released my spunk deep into
her pussy.

I lay there for a few moments enjoying the sensations and feeling
my prick soften in her lovely warm haven. I turned over looked at
my prick, looked at her and then kissed her. Just then a clock in
the house struck eleven.  We'd been at it for two  hours.  Alison
turned to me,  her face suddenly whiteand said "My GOD!!  Mum and
Dad  will be back any minute.  Quick get dressed." I  reluctantly
got of the bed and pulled my clothes on.  Out of the corner of my
eyes  I could see Alison dressing,  her nipples still erect and a
little dribble of my spunk on the inside of her succulent thighs.

We  kissed goodnight at the door and I went for the elevator (she
lived  in  a  high rise).  The doors opened and  out  walked  her
parents.  I  got in the lift,  the doors closed and all  I  could
think was that I'd been very lucky with my timing tonight!


Courtesy of PBBS Adult (C)




