Copyright 1997, Studs Manly,   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.




 	All I Had To Give
	by Dave Nichols
	He'd been following me for days.  I knew the look.  Love-struck. 
Yeah, he was in love, alright.  Love at first sight.  First sight of my
cock.
	I teach in a community college and two or three times a week I
swim 30 laps in the pool.  Over the years, I've grown accustomed to the
uneasy, insecure glances, the lusting stares my presence always
generates.  When you carry a 6 inch piece of meat between your legs when
hanging, and when you tend to be where people can see it, you learn
quickly who envies you and who wants you.
	I've always attracted people who wanted my cock.  Starting at an
age I dare not mention, I've been felt, fondled, touched and fucked by
plenty of men and women who wanted what I had to fill a vacancy.  To many
people, bigger is better and size does make a difference.  I've had men
pay me to fuck their wives.  What can I say?  Money can be a motivator. 
But my preference is for men.  Young men, still discovering the sensual
joy of life.  I love seeing the adoring eyes of a man look up at me, his
lips stretched around my engorged cock, his wet mouth filled with my
muscle.   Or the passionate cries of pleasure/pain as my destroyer plows
open some untried ass.  I realize it's the sense of power I feel, the
ego-inflating perception of domination which inspires me and makes me
enjoy it so.  No apologies, though.
	As I said, he'd been following me around like a love-sick puppy
ever since he got an eyeful in the showers.  When only he could see, I
soaped up my crotch and pulled my cock a bit till it was not yet fully
stiff but arching away from my body and about nine inches in length. 
Poor kid.  He had to try and hide his own excitement and turned to face
the wall, fist flying over his cock.  I stepped close to him.
	"Mind if I borrow your soap?" I asked just at the moment his
spunk jetted from his cock and splashed the wall.  I just reach and took
the soap from the dish, letting my pole, now at it full rigidity, brush
provocatively against his hip.  Then I stepped away, willing my cock to
soften as I heard some voices approach the showers.
	He wanted it, I could tell from the beginning.  But I waited a
week before I made a move.  Part of my thrill is watching to see those
infatuated looks.  Even at 39, I enjoy the ego surge of being wanted. 
The tease, the anticipation, the thrill of imagination are what make the
game so sweet.  
	Finally, again in the shower, I struck up a conversation with my
moon-struck admirer.  I asked him to come to my house for a drink.  He
said he would.  Hell, he acted like a starving dog to whom I'd thrown a
big bone.
	But come to think, that's just what I did.  I was setting him up
for my big bone.
	When Danny arrived at my house, I met him at the door wearing
only a long silk robe.  He wore a pullover shirt, jeans that hugged his
butt and showed off his own crotch.  His brown hair was combed neatly and
he gave every appearance of being the All-American college boy.  Who just
happened to have a strong desire for cock.  My cock.  I had the lighting
subdued to create the proper mood.  Now that he was here, he was mine. 
We went  to the den and I sat down in the only chair as Danny stood
before me.
	"Let me offer you a drink," I said, untying my robe and revealing
my cock.  Danny just automatically fell to his knees between my spread
legs, gazing with adoration at the phallic god before him.  His tongue
slid along his lips.  His trembling fingers caressed the inside of my
thighs and surrounded the base of my now-stiff and throbbing staff.
	"Kiss it, first," I directed him.  With eager obedience, he
pursed his lips and planted a tender kiss at the top of the swollen 
glans.  "Lick," I said, and he complied by sending his wet tongue down to
the base and up, tracing each vein in my vibrating prick with his wet
oral muscle.  I put my hands  under my knees and pulled, exposing my
sensitive opening.  He obeyed my unspoken command by sliding his tongue
around the tender pore and slipped inside, snaking its way up my colon. 
Oh, he was fine.  Danny-boy knew what he was about.  Even while he
tongued my rectum, he fisted my prick.  Pre-cum oozed out and helped to
lube his handiwork.
	Soon, he left my chute and put his mouth back on my leaking
nozzle.  Those brown doe eyes of his looked up at me with an expression
of total devotion, worship and submission.
	I pushed him away and stood up, my prick swaying and glistening
with saliva.
	"Follow me," I said, leading him downstairs to my basement.  I
walked over to a closed door, punched in the combination and led Danny
into my "Rack Room."  I heard him react to what he saw.  Chains, leather
furnishings, thick red carpet.  
	"Still want this?" I asked, taking his hand and wrapping it
around my dick.  I thrust my hips and he started stroking.  He nodded. 
"Good boy," I said.  "Now strip."  He hung his clothes on the wall hooks
and I took him to the centerpiece of the room, a chiropractic adjustment
table which was in its vertical position.  I strapped his hands to one
end over his head and lowered the table a bit.  I made a few minor
adjustments to the padded table to present his ass at its best.  I
stepped over to a cabinet and took out a latex glove, a condom and some
lube.
	"Have you ever been fucked, Danny?" I asked, running my hand over
the quivering firmness of his cheeks.
	"Yes," he whispered.  I had squirted jelly on my gloved index
finger and unceremoniously jammed it into his pucker.  After the initial
spasm, his ass muscles welcomed and squeezed my invading digit.  Tight,
even if he wasn't virgin, but I could tell that he hadn't taken a piece
as big as mine up his ass, so this was going to be fund for both of us.
	I sheathed and greased my cock and pressed his sphincter  with
the thick knob.  "Danny boy, you're gonna love having me in your ass," I
breathed into his ear.  I pushed against the resistant muscle and ran my
hands up and down his sides, feeling the taut skin on his lean torso.  I
flicked his ear with my tongue and felt the round muscle give way and
open up to my prick.  Oh, he was tight, all right.  I reached to where
his cock was sticking through the cutaway in the table and I gripped the
half-hard organ.  He quickly hardened in my hand and Danny fucked my fist
as I nailed his ass.
		"Such a good fuck," I said to him as I felt my balls
flatten against his ass cheeks.  His prick pulsated in my hand and I
cupped my palm over the head as my fingers flew on his cock and he
squirted a hot load of thick liquid lust into my palm.  As he came his
ass twitched around my probe as I stimulated his prostate but I wasn't
about to come until I was ready.
	I pulled my spunk-filled hand from his cock and got it to his
face.  He licked some before I just started smearing the stuff all over
his face and into his hair.  I was fucking his fine ass really hard,
sending my entire rubberized cock into the depth of his body.  Danny was
whimpering, partly from the pleasure and partly because of the pain of
getting his prostate worked over after he had pumped his wad.
	Danny struggled against the restraints and was whimpering, but
his fucked-raw ass still clutched at my ramming prick.  I let go, feeling
my cum rush up my cock and spurt into the latex nipple high up into
Danny's bowels.  Someday, when I was assured that he was safe, I'd give
him a sperm enema, feeling his insides against the unsheathed flesh of my
cock.
	As my cock emptied and softened, I held the condom as I slowly
withdrew my prick.  Rich spunk filled the end of the rubber, spunk that
was disease-free and needn't be wasted.  I slipped it off my prick and
put the rubber to Danny's mouth.  His lips parted hungrily and I squeezed
the condom like a tube of toothpaste, the pearly cum being avidly lapped
up and swallowed.  	Danny loved my cum.  I unfastened the straps
and sat in a comfortable chair where he licked my cock clean and sucked
my sweaty ass for half an hour, then sucked me off, swallowing every
juicy drop I had for him. 
	He quickly became my favorite stable boy, joining the small but
dedicated clique of cock worshippers who revere my prick.  During the
sessions when we all get together, I have the pleasure of being bathed by
five tongues, reverently rimmed and reamed, my balls and cock deified and
worshipped.  As one of our ceremonial rites, four pricks lodge in four
assholes, a daisy chain of fuckers.  I insinuate my own bowel borer into
the last in line, then, after I shoot my wad, I suck off the lead prick
while the young men suck spendings from each other's oozing asshole.
	And who says schools are no fun?


--

Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....

