Archive-name: Family/allinfam.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: All in the Family


     Our family had shared a common bond all throughout my younger
years.  It was as if we were one person seperated only by forms.  
I was the middle child of a family of five children: there was
Ariel: she was the eldest, she had long red hair, cat green eyes and
voluptuous hips that supported her pert little ass.  Next in line is
Joe: a fairly built individual, who was always known as the "black
sheep" of the family.  Just below me in this chain was James, a
plump kid who was just entering puberty at the age of 12.  Finally
but not last to say the least, was Marie: she was the perfect 9 year
old, a cute smile, very active, and all around just an adventuresome
little girl.  We were the ideal nuclear family until the day when it
all began.  

     I had just came home from school when I noticed something
queer happening in James's room; there seemed to be a lot of laughing
and giggling coming from this darkened room.  "What's going on in
there" I shouted.  No reply came, so I decided to peer into this
issue a little further.  When the light was turned on, it was to
my dismay to see my little sister standing naked in front of James.  
She seemed to look different, I know I've seen her naked before but
this time it aroused me.  Being a little scared at this thought, I
screamed once more "what the hell do you think you're doing".  Marie
turened to me and in an innocent voice "we were just playing a
game, would you like to play too?"  At first I was disgusted by the
thought but then, remembering how aroused I was by the swelling in
my jeans, I inquired further "what kind of game is this sis?"  "If
you are going to play, take off your pants and underwear so we can
see your big dick"  blabbed James from the cornere of the bed.  The
only reason that I went through with the idea was the gleam in my sister's 
deep blue eyes that enthralled me into this sinful trap.  I proceeded 
to take off my pants.   "So what happens now "  I said.  At this point 
my balls started aching from the pressure building up and nothing to 
let off the steam.  

     As the GAME began, my sister started grabbing my pulsating
dick, "oh this is much bigger than James' cock" she exclaimed in
excitement.  As she said that, instantly dropping to her knees and
giving me the first and best blow job I ever had!  She took me
into her mouth inch by inch until she was deep throating my entire
shaft.  The thought of it almost made me whitewash her tonsils
right then and there.  Meanwhile, James seemed to grow impatient, and 
got up.   "If you're going to suck him at least let me fuck you,"  
James cried as he drove his undeveloped penis into my 9 year old 
sister's wet pussy.  So there I was, right after school having a 
threesome with my brother and sister who are not even through puberty 
yet, praying that my parents did not come home early.  Marie sucked my
cock like a professional, it was obvious that she had a lot of practice.  
She would run her tongue up and down my shaft, taking me in her mouth,
on occasion tickling the tip until I thought I would explode.  What 
was really turning me on was her muffled cries from James' doing her 
doggie style.  James was behind her, thrusting in and out as hard as 
his plump little body could move him.  He started to come, shooting 
his premature sperm into my sister's well used cunt, causing waves of 
orgasmic pleasures that made her body tremble.  Seeing this happen was 
enough to pull me in with them.  I dumped my load into Marie's more 
than willing mouth.  Collasping from exhaustion into a pile of sticky 
goo, we lay there until, I heard the door creak.  "Oh my god, mom and 
dad are home.  Get up quick" I said frantically as they walked into the room!


                 TO BE CONTINUED

--
