Archive-name: Bondage/allofme.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: All of Me


	"Forgive me father, for I have sinned."

	That was how I began kneeling in that little cubicle asking
the local parish priest to intercede for me. "It has been two months
since my last confession and these are my sins."

	"Go ahead my daughter," Father Ryan said to me.

	"Father, I have lied, I have disobeyed my parents, and I have
sworn. And ..."

	"Yes, my dear," he urged me to continue.

	"And father, I have fucked 16 boys."

	I heard Father Ryan suck in his breath at that one. But, regaining
his compsure rapidly, he said merely, "Tell me more my child." And this
is the story that I related to him.


	I guess I should begin by saying that my name is Jenny though
some of my friends call me Jen. I guess soon some of them might be 
calling me slut. But that's okay, 'cause I guess it's probably trye.
In any case, I'm sixteen years old, kinda' plain looking I guess, 
smallish, with glasses. Actually, I'm not much more than 5-feet tall and
usually weigh around 95 pounds. I still think I've got a decent body
and, considering my size, my boobs are downright decent.

	I was always a good Christian. I seldom had dates but when I 
did, I was pretty firm in brushing off any advances. But that all changed
a couple of weeks ago. Me and my girlfriend Sue went to the movies together
with her twin brother Don. Don is kind of the nerdy type and you can
leave it to him to do the nerdy thing.

	We were watching the movie when Sue got up to go to the rest
room. Don, who had been sitting next to his sister slid over a seat next
to me. After a few moments he asked me if I wanted some popcorn. I said
sure and put my hand into the box. Well, the asshole had put a hole in
the bottom, unzipped his fly, and had his huge cock poking though it.
Very original!

	I was pissed. "I don't believe you did that," I said to him
loudly enough so that other people turned to look. "You are a jerk."

	"Shhhh," he said to me looking around nervously. "Don't tell
Sue, okay?"

	His eyes looked terrified and I felt a little sorry for him. I
reached back into the popcorn box and his cock had shrunk into a pathetic
little shrivel. I felt a twinge of excitement in my groin and began 
playing with his penis. It quickly regained its former stature and he
began breathing heavily.

	"I do this with my sister all the time," he whispered between
pants. As I was digesting the significance of that statement he exploded
a disgusting gooey mess all over my hand. Not ten seconds later, Sue
arrived and I excused myself to go the lady's room. I cleaned up in
there.

	Nobody said a word about the whole affair and that night I went
to bed and thought about the whole thing. I fantasized about touching
that cock, about putting it into my mouth, about being fucked by it.
My hand unconsciously dropped to my crotch and, for the first time in 
my life, I soon masturbated myself to a delicious orgasm.

	A couple of days later I saw Don in school and he said to me,
"You wanna' get together after classes?" I shook my head but he said
"Meet me at the 7-11 at 4." I walked away without saying anything.

	The rest of the classes seemed to drag by as I thought about
the conversation. I couldn't let a little prick like that boss me
around but I wanted to hear more about him and his sister. And I 
a found myself squirming as my pussy got wetter and wetter. By the
end of the day I was both embarassed at my predicament and horny as
hell. I may have been a virgin, but I now knew what the it was like
to be in a nympho-rage.

	And so it was that I found myself in the parking lot of the
local 7-11 at the appointed time. And there was Don sitting in the
shit-box of a Renault that he called a car. I walked up to the
driver's side window and he said to me, "Get around and get in."
I rebelled slightly at the thought of being bossed around but I
was always pretty easy to dominate. Maybe it was because of my
petitness.

	So I got in the car and barely closed the door before he was
backing up the car and driving off. I looked at him as he silently
concentrated on the driving. He was UGLY, that was the only word for
it. But, I was attracted.

	And so it was that he drove some several miles into the country
finally arriving at a dirt lane that led into an old, abandoned farm. He
drove the car around the back of the barn with the pitching and swaying
of the auto's jiggling bringing waves of excitement over me. My legs
trembled slightly as I left the vehicle when Don elicited the simple
comment, "OK, we're here."

	In the back of my mind, thoughts of "where does this cocksucker
get off treating me this way?" wandered briefly but I quickly pushed
them aside. Don led me through an opening in the back to a ladder
leading to a loft.

	"You first," he commanded. I blushed slightly at the thought
that he would have a perfect view looking up my skirt as I scaled the
ladder. As I neared the top I looked down and, sure enough, he was
looking straight up. I wondered if my wetness had dampened my panties.

	Don scrambled up the ladder quickly and stood in front of me
leering. I backed away slightly as I saw the bulge growing in his pants.
"Kiss me," he said reaching out.

	He grabbed the back of my head and and put his mouth over mine.
His tongue soon invaded my mouth as he edged me back against the wall.
Then his body was pressing into mine and I could feel his hard cock
pressing against me. Soon, his hands we're dropping to my tits and
rubbing them both. "No," I said breaking the kiss and attempting to
get from between him and the wall of the old barn.

	"FUCK!" he yelled stepping away, "Make up your mind, bitch!
Do you want me or not?"

	"I'm scared, Don," I said to him in a quivering voice. "What will
people think?"

	"Well then, fuck you," he said with venom dripping from his voice.
"If you change you're mind let me know." With that he started for the
ladder.

	"Please don't go," I said.

	"Well then," he began turning back towards me, "No more of this
nonsense. I'm the boss here and you will do whatever I tell you. Do you
understand?"

	"Yes," I whimpered feeling all vestiges of pride draining from me.
This nerd of a guy with the pimples was going to fuck me right here and
now. And, he was not going to be nice about it.

	"That's better but, and I'll only warn you this once, you will do
whatever I say or you will be promptly punished. Your body will be mine
whenever I desire and for whatever I want to use it for." He looked at
me with a look of smug victory. Though a part of me rebelled at being
talked to this way, a bigger part of me melted. The thought of punishment
brought waves of pleasure to my now sopping groin.

	"I will do whatever you want me to, Don," I said simply.

	"Take off your clothes," he commanded.

	I must have hesitated because he grabbed me and threw me face first
over a couple of old saw horses. It didn't occur to me till later that
they were deliberately placed for the purpose of what was to follow.

	I found myself face down bent over the horses. My skirt was quickly
lifted up and I dared not to resist. Just as quickly I felt my panties 
being violently lowered till they were around my knees. I shivered as I
felt a finger draw a line from the top of the crack of my ass to the
front of my pussy. It paused at my asshole and my cunt-hole.

	Then I cried out as his hand came careening down to whack me on
my ass. Again and again blows came down as I received a humiliating
spanking. I squirmed and tried to put my hands back to ward off the
blows but he merely grabbed both of my wrists in one hand as he spanked
me with the other. My ass grew warm as the punishment turned my cheeks
bright red. After what must have been thirty blows, the spanking stopped.

	"Now bitch, I'm gonna' pop the virgin cherry of yours and you're
gonna love it!" I looked back to see his cock sticking out of his 
unzippered pants bulging big and purple. It looked about three-feet long
to me. With one push he was inside of me as I felt the hymen of my
youth being torn away. It hurt but not as bad as the spanking did.

	He thrust in and out of me harder and harder and his hands
groped inside of my blouse for my tits. I began moving my hips to
match his thrusts as I felt the second orgasm of my life welling inside
of me. Then I came in deep, delicious pulsations. Not thirty seconds
later I came again as he pushed himself ever more violently into
my pussy. "Oh, God," I screamed as I came yet a third time and he too
began grunting as he exploded inside of me. I half collapsed onto the
floor as he backed away.

	"Lick it off," he said to me.

	I knelt in front of him and took his now shrinking member into
my mouth and licked it clean with my tongue. Looking down, he examined
his member and clucked a quiet approval. "I will drive you home now, but
I expect to meet you the same place, same time tomorrow. Understand?"

	"Yes, Don," I said meekly.

	That night, I lay in bed thinking of the days events. My crotch
felt as though I still had him inside of me. I wondered wether he was
big or small as far as guys went. It had looked HUGE to me. Then, my
thoughts drifted to how he bossed me around and how he punished me. My
fingers drifted to my cunt and I started rubbing myself harder and
harder till I came as I remembered the humiliating spaking the pimple-
faced nerd had administered. Was I becoming a whore?

	The next day was a little less dramatic from a pain stand point
of view. I met Don as instructed and we drove to the same location. While 
outside, Don instructed me to remove my panties. I did so and he threw
them on the front seat of the car. Again, I climbed the ladder first and
again, he peered up but this time at my exposed pussy. I was already wet.

	In the loft, I looked around quickly. The barn itself had obviously
not been used for farming activities in some years. However, the upstairs
looked as though it had been. I didn't know if it was just Don or if other
guys came up here. I wondered if Don brought his sister up here or if
they fucked at home or if they fucked at all. There was some weird con-
traptions hanging from the ceiling and from one of the side walls. I was
pretty sure they were not related to any farming activities but said
nothing to Don.

	"Remove your clothes," Don said to me. I began to unbutton my
blouse when he shrieked, "Quickly!". My clothes were on the floor in
30 seconds.

	"Lay on that pile of hay and masturbate yourself," he said.

	I moved to the far end of the floor where a thick pile of hay lay
and laid down with my legs spread facing Don. I felt self-conscious but
I my ass was still sore from the spanking I had received yesterday and so,
I did not want to receive another. I closed my eyes and let my hand rove
my body. I soon found myself fantasizing about the fucking I had received
yesterday and it wasn't long before my groping fingers found their way
inside my sloppy pussy. I opened my eyes to see if Don was watching and
saw him sitting on one of the saw-horses with an abviously huge erection
bulging through his pants. Oh, how I wanted that cock! And then, I came
in a shower of sparks.

	I laid back and said quietly, "I did what you asked, Don, now 
please fuck me. Fuck me, okay?"

	Don looked at me and smiled wickedly. "You were okay and so, today
you will be rewarded. Undress me."

	I got up and walked over to him. I unbuttoned his short and ran
my hands over his chest. Next, my hands worked down to his pants and I
rubbed his erect penis through the material. I heard him gasp slightly.

	Withing a few minutes I found myself back on the floor with
Don thrusting his face between my legs. He was going to eat me! I reached
down and clutched the back of his head as I felt his tongue and his lips
working over my cunt. He reached out and lifted my legs upon to his shoul-
ders exposing me to deep thrusts of his tongue into my pussy that started
to make me tingle with another building orgasm. Next, I felt his fingers
starting to probe my asshole. With a suddent thrust, he inserted a finger
deep inside of my that sent me over the edge into another climax that
seemed to be the deepest yet.

	"Fuck me," I begged hoarsely between contractions.

	With my legs still on his shoulders, Don guided his penis into
me. Just the head at first, in and out, in and out. "Harder," I cried,
"Farther. Stick it into me." I was wild with frenzy and wanted him to
fuck the living daylights out of me. I wanted to not be able to walk
for a week.

	With that he bent my legs far forward and started attacking me
with glee. Harder and deeper his thrusts went. I could feel his balls
slapping against my ass as he seemed to be ripping me apart. "Oh, God,
I'm gonna' come again," I screamed. And then I exploded into climax
after climax. I reached as best I could to his ass and pulled him
hard trying to get that clorious cock to somehow find away to sink yet
deeper. "Fuck me, Don. Fuck me, Don," I said timed to each thrust of
his hips. "Make it hurt," I cried.

	I reached down and felt his balls which eveidently was more
than he could stand. I felt his cock throb inside of me and then
he gushed spurt after spurt of semen inside of me. It felt wonderful!

	Don collapsed onto the floor panting and I pulled his head onto
my breast, gently stroking his hair. "That was wonderful, my lover,"
I said to him, "Can we do this every day."

	This went on for a number of weeks, though not every day. We
explored new positions and new locales. We did it in the boys rest
room before school hours, in my parents bed one day when they weren't
home, even in a church pew. Don was like a schizophrenic. Some days
he was very nice to me. Other days came frightful punishments when
I didn't please him just so. Though the sex was great, I came to
like it better when accompanied by the punishment.

	School let out for the summer and July 4th was just around
the corner when he said to me, "Jenny, you're ready now."

	"Ready for what?" I asked automatically unbuttoning my
blouse.

	"Tell your parents that you are spending Independence day
with me and my sister. That's actually the truth but I have a suprise
for you."

	My heart beat a little faster as I realized I might find out
just what the hell, if anything, was going on between Don and Sue. I
had thought about it often with emotions torn between excitement 
that she was fucking her own brother and out and out jealousy.

	July 4th rolled around and, for a change, Don drove to the
house to pick me up. I waved good bye to my parents telling them
I did not know exactly when I would be home but that it would
probably be shortly after the fireworks. I didn't say exactly what
types of fireworks I had in mind.

	I was disappointed to see that Sue was not in the car. Don
merely said that I would see her later and he drove off. After
traversing several blocks, he pulled the car to the side of the
road and handed me a bag. Put these on, he said simply. Inside
of the bag was sone flimsy night clothes and a blind-fold.

	"Don, I can't," I said looking at the cars going by.

	"Do it you fucking whore!" he snarled at me. "Do it or
I'm going to bring you home and you'll never know what you missed
today."

	I slinkered down into the car seat and stripped off my clothes
and put on the lingerie he had brought to me. It was actually a two
piece suit with purple panties and a matching see through nightie.
Last, I put on the blindfold. 

	"Put your hands in front of you," he said. I did so and felt
the cold iciness of steel locking around my wrists. He handcuffed me!
"Don't touch the blind-fold," he commanded.

	After another fifteen minutes or so of driving, I had totally
lost track of all the turns. We ended up pulling into a driveway or
a parking lot obvioulsy made of gravel. Don turned the engine off and
came around to my side of the car and opened the door. I carefully
got out and then he put something around my throat. "A dog collar,"
he announced simply.

	"Now listen, very carefully," he said, "You are to do whatever
I or anyone else says to you. Do NOT embarrass me."

	"What do you mean you or anyone else?" I said.

	"Shut up." he said jerking on the collar. He led me by the leash
across a short expanse. "Watch your step," said to me leading me up
a set of stairs and through a door. We went through what seemed to be
a short hallway into a room where I sensed, but could not here, other
people. I heard a chain jingle and then my arms were lifted over my
head. I heard a snap and my arms were released but I couldn't lower
them. I was chained!

	"Here she is," Don announced.

	"She's tiny," said another voice. It sounded like a grown man.

	All of a sudden, the room exploded into more voices than I could
count. Most sounded like boys around Don's age. Others seemed older. Some
of the voices I thought I could recognize but I wasn't certain.

	I was left hanging there for several minutes as laughter and
conversation consumed the room. I was terrified. Then, I felt a hand
on my ass rubbing up and down drifting lower to feel my pussy through
the material. The hand roamed around to the front of my body and I felt
an erect cock pressing against my buttocks. First one hand, then another,
encircled my breasts and began to fondle them roughly. The the hand lowered
to my pantied and lifted them to allow entrance. The hand groped my
cunt and I felt a finger painfully inserted into me.

	"The fucking cunt isn't even wet," the voice exclaimed at the same
time as I heard the obvious clicking of a camera.

	All of a sudden there were hands all over me. I was lowered from 
the chain that suspended me. What few clothes I had were torn off as
I was pushed from one set of open arms to another. I was kissed roughly
by one, had one pussy grabbed by another, and on and on and on.

	After what seemed an eternity I was dragged several feet and
forced to lay over the knees of somebody who smelled as though he had
been drinking. Smack! I felt the familiar stinging sensation as a hand
came down forcefully on my ass. Smack! The sound rang through the room
as voices urged my punisher on. Smack! The hand that was punishing me
seemed much larger and meatier than Don's. In any case, the blows
were much harder. Smack!

	This went on for five or six minutes. I cried out in pain but
that only caused the blows to come down harder. "Bitch," the voice
exclaimed in time with the spanking. "You've gotta lesson to learn
and you're gonna learn it now!". Smack!

	Gradually, my howls of pain mixed with howls of lust as I
heard all the male voices urging my tormentor on. Where was Don,
I wondered? Who cares!

	All at once the spanking stopped but I was still pinned across
his knees. I began to think of him as Superman. One of Superman's
hands was planted in my back holding me down. The other he slipped
between my legs and started moving to my pussy. I was so sopping wet
that I could smell myself in heat. At the moment of rough contact,
I exploded into an orgasm.

	"The bitch is ready," he announced standing up and allowing
me to uncerimoniously roll onto the floor. "You all draw numbers
like usual, but the cunt is mine first!"

	Draw numbers? All of a sudden, it occurred (or re-occurred)
to me that I was in a room - where I didn't know - with a bunch of
men - who I didn't know - being sexually abused. Gawd! It was
wonderful!!!

	I heard some comotion and then a whining voice complain,
"Sixteen! That sucks!." 

	"No, the bitch sucks," said Superman, "Watch."

	"Get on your knees," he said. I knew he was talking to me but,
even if I hadn't, the jerking of the leash which was still around
my neck, would have told me. I knelt in the direction that Superman's
voice seemed to be coming from and, with my wrists still cuffed,
groped till I felt the legs in front of me. I groped further and
my hands felt the erection of a monster cock through the pants 
material. "You know what to do."

	I unzipped him and felt around finally extracting 'Super-Penis'
through the hole in his underwear. It fell out and hit me in the mouth.
I took it between my lips and started licking and sucking as my hands
went up and down the shaft. The son-of-a-bitch was huge. Not only was
he much longer than Don, but it was wide!

	All of a sudden Superman's hand reached behind my head and 
grabbed me. Then he began to wham his prick into my mouth. I tried to
push against him with my hands but he was to strong. Farther and
farther he pushed and all I could do was open my mouth wider and give
him a clear access to my throat.

	Soon, he was actually in my throat and I was fighting a
gagging reflex. But he thrust his hips ever forward while holding my
head still. All at once, he gave a big thrust forward and I felt his
balls slapping against my chin. My nose was in his mat of tangled
pubic hair as his cock impaled my throat deeply.

	"Suck and lick you fucking whore-bitch," he commanded.

	With his cock so deep in me, stretching my throat to the
bursting point, I reangled my head to give Super-Penis a straighter
path. I swished my tongue over the base of his cock feeling the
hairs between my teeth. I moved my whole body back and forth letting
his cock slide up and down my throat. I began to get excited as I
felt his cock stiffen and get even bigger. I knew he was about to
cum. And, all of a sudden cum he did. It seemed like gallons of it
gushing into my mouth and throat. I could feel some escape and drip
down from the corner of my mouth.

	No sooner was Superman down with me than a smaller set of hands
grabbed my shoulders and pulled me down on the floor. "Hello whore,"
a voice attached to the hands, "I'm going to fuck you. And so is
everyone in this room. And then we're going to fuck you again."

	All I could do in response was moan as I felt my pussy contract.
The hands groped my breasts and squashed them against my chest. 
I decided to call this one Number 2. He grabbed the chain between the
cuffs than bound my wrists and forced my arms over my head. Another
set of hands then pinned my arms to the floor as I heard Number 2
unzip his fly. He knelt down roughly spreading my legs wide and
quickly penetrated my cunt. His cock felt more Don-size and I took
him easily. "Tell me you love me," he said to me as he thrust rapidly
into and out of me. His voice seemed young, maybe younger than Don's.

	"I love you," I said. I felt another orgasm welling inside of
me as his cock started to stiffen. But instead of shotting his load
into me, he pulled out. I felt his cum spraying over my face and
and tits.

	"One your hands and knees," came the deep voice of number
three. These guys were fucking me almost faster than I count. Number
2 was the slam-bam-thank-you-ma'm type but, I had a feeling this
guy was going to be different.

	Obeying the voice which sounded like an older black man's,
I rolled over onto my tummy and raised myself onto my hands and knees.
I felt his hands on the upper part of my back and then felt him
squatting behind me. He entered me from behing with one big push of
a cock as long as Superman's but not as thick. "Give me a ride,"
the deep voice commanded. I felt him take up the leash and jerk me
by the throat. 

	His weight was partially on my back and partially on my legs
as he stayed impaled in me. He must have been taking most of his
weight himself in his squatting position because I was able to 
'carry' him as I began to crawl on my hands and knees. He humped me
while we slowly moved in whatever direction he jerked the leash.
He said something to me that I didn't hear because I was concentrating
on that delicious cock buried inside of me. My head came jerking up
violently and I started to gag as he pulled on the leash sharply.
"I said to bark, bitch," the low voice growled. "Bark like the dog
that you are!"

	So, with a dick in my cunt, handcuffs on my wrists, a blind-
fold over my eyes, a leash around my neck, and a big, black man 
riding me, I crawled around the room barking and growling like a
dog. Because that was what I had been told to do.

	This was a long fuck and I came several times in small waves
of orgasm. But, all good things have to come to and end and I soon
felt the now familiar sensation of Number 3's cock starting to grow
and throb inside of me. With that he pulled out of me and rolled me
onto the floor on my back and came all over my face and tits. I
stuck my tongue out greedily trying to suck up some of that cum.

	"Now, my boy," number three said to me, "jerk him off."

	I felt the presence of another body in front of me. Number
four was much smaller than the last one - presumably his son - and
had his dick already exposed waving in my face. For a small boy,
the dick was big.

	I began to fondle his member and heard his breathing become
deeper rapidly. After no more than thirty seconds I massaged his
balls to be greeted my a massive explosion of sticky cum on my face.
I felt is dripping onto my tits and my belly. The boy was quick and 
this was greeted by laughter around the room.

	Feeling bad for the kid, I leaned forward to take his cock
into my mouth but instead had my arms roughly grabbed from behind.
I was jerked away and dragged across the floor to the cheering of
the spectators. "Now it's my turn," snarled a voice.

	Dripping with cum in my face, in my hair, and hanging from
the nipples on my tits, I laid there in the middle of the floor
waiting to find out which way number five intended to mount me.
I didn't have long to wait. "Don't just lay there, bitch. Sit on
it." 

	With that several sets of hands  picked me up and put me
down ontop of him. He was already lying on the floor, face up,
and buck naked as far as I could tell. "Put it in," he commanded
simply.

	I reached down underneath me as well as I could with the
cuffs and, adjusting my position somewhat, grabbed his cock and
moved it towards my sloppy vagina. I assumed a squatting position
and lowered myself onto him. He seemed to be sized about like Don
but I wished he were sized more like number 1 or even number 3.
That is, until he actually entered me. I'd never done it this
way before and he felt huge with my weight pressing me down and
his cock impaling me from below.

	"Fuck me," he said, "You do the work - I'm tired."

	I began to raise and lower myself seven or eight inches
at a time. Despite what he said, he was raising his hips up
every time I lowered myself to sink himself as deep in me as he
could. The room was becoming noisy and a chant went up, "Hump
the bitch, hump the bitch."

	Though my legs were tiring, the fucking went on a long
time. I smelled liquor being poured in the room and I felt the
presence of bodies pressing close. A bottle of something foul
was pressed to my lips and I was forced to drink something
that burned my throat as it went down. At that, number five
started pumping vigorously into me and I came for the umpteenth
time. Unlike the others, I felt him stiffen inside of me and
then cum in spurts of delicious goo inside of me. I continued
to pumping even after I felt him go soft.

	A voice then called saying, "Now it's my turn, whore.
Come here." The voice seemed to come from my left and I got up
and walked wobbly leg to where the voice seemed to come from.
Hands kept running over my body. One set stopped me from behind,
cupped my left breast roughly with one hand and stuck a finger
into my ass with the other.

	"Now, fuck me," said the voice that went with the finger.
Evidently, this was number six. Number six lowered me to the
floor on my back and threw my legs onto his shoulders and then
thrust his cock into my pussy. He leaned forward heavily till 
my legs were almost over my ears and my cunt was facing straight
up. He pumped me so hard that I yelled in pain, "You're killing me!"
That only brought a howl of laughter from the gaggle of males
that seemed to be pressing around. And number six fucked me long and
hard exploding his cum deep inside of me, so deep that I thought
he was going to come out of my throat. I didn't have an orgasm
with him.

	"Stand up," I was told when he was though with me. So I
stood up and felt gooey jism drip down the inside of my legs. I
feared I must have looked a mess and I could smell myself. I
smelled like a whorehouse.

	"Drink some more," said a voice. The bottle of, I guessed
it must have been whiskey, was pushed to my lips again and, gagging,
I got several swallows down. I began to feel whoozy. "I have to
go to the bathroom," I announced.

	"So go ahead," said the voice of someone who, though I hadn't
fucked him yet, I certainly would soon.

	"Where?" I asked.

	"Right where you are, bitch!" said the voice. I felt something
being shoved between my legs. "Into the pail standing up."

	"No," I said, "please don't make me do that."

	"Who's next?" the voice raged in anger.

	"I am," answered a voice. It was Don!

	"Well that's good because you brought the uncooperative bitch 
here in the first place. I want her punished and I want her punished
good. She has to learn some respect."

	"Come here, Jen," Don said to me pulling me by the arm. I
was a little scared of what the punishment could be. "I'm sorry I
have to do this to you, but you've got it coming."

	I was led to a narrow bench of some sort and forced to bend
over it face down. My hands were clamped into some sort of restraints 
at the end and I was helpless to move. A few moments later, I felt
something greasy being applied around and then into my asshole. Don
was going to fuck me in the ass! The thought both excited me and
scared me.

	I heard Don - I assumed it was still him behind me - unbuckling
his belt only to be greeted by a growing chant: "Punish her! Punish
her!" I began to grow scard.

	All at once a felt his young man-hood pressing around my
virgin asshole. He was pressing the head of the cock I so adored against
my rose-bud slowly spreading me. I tried to relax myself but too late.
With a sudden thrust he entered me accompanied by a howling scream coming
from my own lips. I felt like I was being ripped apart. He stood still
with his prick in my asshole as I lay writhing underneath him.

	"So, do it," came a voice that seemed to be Superman's -
my number one. How many were we up to? That's right, Don was number
seven.

	"Is my cock in your ass?" asked Don.

	"Yes," I gasped. Though the initial waves of pain were subsiding,
I still felt like I was impaled on a telephone pole.

	"Wrong answer," he said. And then I felt the lash of the belt
across my back. I screamed and wiggled but between my hands being bound
to the bench, and his weight on my ass, I couldn't free myself from the
source of pain.

	The first lash was followed by two more leaving streaks of
pain across my upper back. "Is my cock in your ass?" he asked again
putting inflection on the last word.

	"Yes," I screamed at him hysterically not knowing what it was
I was supposed to say to him.

	Three more lashes. The leather of the belt stung viciously
as I was whipped in front of this crowd of men. "Say it you dumb
bitch!" he said to me, "Is my cock in your ass?"

	"Yes," I cried, "Your cock is in my ass!"

	"That's better," he said softly. Now he began to slow pump
himself in and out of me. "I have to punish you now, Jen," he said,
"Because you disobeyed an order. You are a slave, a tramp, and a
whore. And you must obey immediately the command of anybody in this
room. Do you understand?"

	"Yes," I said, and then added, "Master." His fucking was
becoming more vigorous and despite the pain and the humiliation,
I began raising my hips to swallow his manhood deeper into my bowels.

	The belt came down again to enforce the lesson I had just
been taught. But the blows were half-hearted. Instead of the searing
pain I felt before, these hurt deliciously. Oh, I wanted to be
spanked again right there in front of all those people.

	I felt Don's penis stiffen and swell. He came inside of
my rectum in mightly lunges gushing his seed deep within my recesses.
I lifted my hips as high as I could to take him in and felt his balls
slapping against my twat.

	When he withdrew from me I felt the need to evacuate my bowels
and hoped that Don didn't have shit on the end of his dick. I also
felt pressure on my bladder reminding me that I had to pee like a
race horse.

	But I wasn't to be given an opportunity for I soon felt the
hands of number eight turning me over right on the bench forcing my
arms, which were still tied to the bench, to cross at the elbows.
He entered my pussy, now slippery with both my love juices and the
cum of I could hardly remember how many men, immediately and began
lifting me off the bench with each thrust.

	Number eight seemed to be about average sized, maybe even
a little smaller, but he knew how to use what he had. My hips were
hanging over the edge of the bench and my pussy was pointing slightly
down as a result. Number eight was almost fucking me from below by
getting under me and with each thrust, burying himself into me until
the point where his cock was lifting me in the air a good six inches.
It was wonderful and I felt my come time and time again. He fucked
me for a good 15 minutes before pulling out and shooting his jism
all over my tits and stomach. All this time and he never said a
word to me.

	When he was through with me, my hands were untied and I
was pulled up by the wrists. I was still handcuffed. I was led to
the same pail as before. This time I didn't hesitate because I had
to go so bad I almost couldn't stand it. I stood there with my legs
spread and staddling the pail and felt relief as the urine streamed
down noisily into the pail. Ahh, sweet relief. It didn't bother me
at all that all these men were watching and laughing.

	Over the next hour or so I was fucked again and again. There
was one that fucked me missionary style that couldn't have been more
than thirteen years old. He came even more quickly than did number
six (or was it five?). He shot his load into me but most ejaculated
on my face or tits or belly. One guy lifted my legs onto his shoulders
but, instead of sticking himself into my cunt, he rammed himself into
my ass and gave me a rough butt-fucking. Unlike with Don, I came
mightily.

	Number sixteen led me to the middle of the floor and forced
me to kneel in front of him and suck his cock. I felt cum leaking
from my pussy and from my violated asshole. I felt it dripping down
my face and throat, down the insides of my legs, and down my
belly from the tits. I was a mess but, now that it was almost over,
I was going to give this guy - he seemed to be just a kid - the
best blow job of his life.

	I worked on him for a few minutes until he withdrew. He pulled
me to my feet and led me to the same bench as before. But, this time
I laid down in the opposite direction with my head hanging over the
edge. "Open your mouth," he said.

	Understanding, I opened myself trying to give him a clear shot
to my throat. He entered me and began pushing farther and farther.
I momentarily gagged as he entered my throat but the sound was muffled
as his manhood (boyhood?) prevented any sound from escaping. I breathed
threw my nose as he crammed himself deep in me. I swished my tongue
greedily over his his cock trying to reach around and stroke the
vein running along the bottom (or to me, the top). Then he emit a
groan as he released his load into me, most of it going right into my
throat. Some of his warm jism remained in my mouth and attempted to
suck it up but a little managed to dribble out of the corner of my
mouth.

	I thought that would be it but a voice called out, "Who wants
seconds?" How long could this go on I wondered? I was helpless to leave
even if I wanted to but, I was beginning to get sore. I doubted I would
be able to walk anyway but bow-legged for weeks.

	I was led to the middle of the room where I was commanded to
"Sit on it." It sounded like number three, the black man with the long
dick. I straddled him at the hips and lowered myself onto his rejuvenated
cock. By the distance it went up into me I knew that, yes, this was
number 2.

	"Now bend forward," said another voice. It was Superman's -
number one. The one with the HUGE pecker. I leaned forward as told
knowing what was to follow. I felt him straddle his legs around my
hips and with start to thrust himself into my rear end. He was much
bigger than the other two who had butt-fucked me and his first attempt
wasn't successful. He then put his meaty hands on my shoulders and,
pulling against me, thrust harder into me causing me to shriek in
pain as he entered me. I felt moisture and knew that he was so big
that he was causing some bleeding. I could feel the two cocks
touching each other through the thin wall separating my nether region
from my overused pussy.

	But that wasn't enough. I then felt a third cock being pressed
against my lips. I opened my mouth to accept what I guessed to be
the dick of number nine or number ten. Without a voice, I couldn't
be sure.

	All at once, the three men started pumping. I was trapped 
between the three and couldn't move even if I had had the slightest
idea how to. Every cavity in my body was being filled with the cocks
of men that were fucking a high school girly probably half their
age.

	I heard some squishing noises which turned out to be a couple
of the others masturbating themselves close by. They quickly came
onto my back but the ass/cunt/mouth fucking I was getting lasted
a while. The guy in front of me was pushing particularly hard and
I felt myself being shoved back onto the other two cocks so that
I was buried more deeply than I thought I could handle. The guy
underneath me was hitting bottom with every stroke. The guy on
top of me was shoving his member deep within the confines of
my bowels and had me spread wide open. All of a sudden I came
with violent orgasms. My whole body shook over and over as the
three men, almost simultaneously also came in me. 

	I must have fainted for I remember things going dark and,
the next thing I knew, I was on the bench on my back. 

	"Jenny," a voice was saying sweetly. It was a feminine
voice.

	"Sue?" I asked still groggy.

	"It's me, Jenny. It's Sue. And, now it's my turn."

	The last words didn't really sink in. I was still trying to
figure out why it was dark. Then the blindfold, the handcuffs, and
the leash all came back to me. But I didn't have time to say any
more for the next thing I was aware of was a damp, pungent pussy
being shoved in my face. I was to eat my girlfriend Sue!

	She shoved her mound back and forth across my mouth till
my tongue darted out and began stroking her. I felt her asshole
rubbing my nose. Her hands drifted down and began rubbing my
tits and then my clit. She moaned softly as she ground her pussy
against my mouth till she let out a loud howl as she came. I
was on the edge myself and she finished me off quickly as she
lowered her face to my sopping crotch and darted her tongue
into me and over my clit.

	After that, Don led me and Sue across the floor and though 
a door. Among the voices that were jabbering I heard one say, "She's
all right Don. And you did all right. Congratulations - you're
a member."

	We were led to a room. I felt the handcuffs being removed
and Don said, "Okay, you can take the blindfolds off."

	I reached up and tore mine off in relief. I noticed that
Sue had been similary blind-folded and was surprised. Also, Sue
was as naked as I but, unlike myself, she wasn't covered from
head to toe in men's cum.

	We showered in that room with Don standing outside of the
door. Sue explained the ordeal to me as best she could. All that she
really knew was that there was some all-male club in town. To be
a member, you had to introduce a woman to the group who was both
pretty and talented. I had never thought of myself as pretty before.
Sue also explained that the woman had to be submissive and I was
glad I was able to help Don.

	She also told me of her experience several months before.
At the time, a total of 21 males were present for the 'initiation'.
It seemed that the holiday found some members out of town. Her
mentor, a friend of Don's named Franky had also gained admittance
to the club of which there were, evidently, about 50 activie members.

	The girls were invited, but never forced, to come back. The
rules remained the same as far as blind-folds and bondage were
concerned, but lesbianism was also expected and encouraged.

	When we were done, we were re-blindfolded and led outside
to the car. I could tell by the coolness that it was already evening
and that I had been fucking for seven or eight hours and not the
two or three that I thought.

	Though I had washed, I felt I still smelled like a whore-house.
I liked it and wanted to do it again. But judging by the shakiness of
my legs, I guessed it would have to wait for a few weeks.

	When we got close to town, Don let us take off our blind-folds
and put on our clothes. "So Sue," I said to my friend, "Does your
brother fuck you?"

	"All the time," she said to me. "Interested in a threesome?"

	"Absolutely," I said.

	We did go and see the fireworks that night to be followed by
some more intimate fireworks later.



	Father Ryan was momentarily quiet as he considered the long
story I just told to him. "Child," he finally said to me in that
quiet, confession-box voice of his, "I'm afraid I have to consider
what you penance will be. Please leave now and wait for me in the
back room of the church while I consider this matter."

	I was perplexed by this because confession is supposed to be
a private thing and I didn't like the idea of Father Ryan having
a face to attach to the story but now, several weeks after the
gang-bang, my conscience was really bothering me. I did as I 
was told and went into the back room where the priests dressed 
before mass.

	Several minutes later, Father Ryan walked into the room
and looked at me. I felt shame for my sins. "My child," he said.
"I have considered the matter and now you must kneel before your
God."

	I did as I was told kneeling on the thin carpet that lined
the floor. Father Ryan stood in front of me and, almost in one
motion, unzipped his fly, whipped out his cock, and shoved it
in my mouth. His cock was huge. In fact I recognized that cock.
It was number one's! Father Ryan was my Superman! 

	I opened my mouth wider to accept his delicious cock.

--
