                    MY ALIEN LOVER
     
     I pondered for a while, pencil in mouth, until I
decided on the language of my latest journal entry.
Finally, I wrote:
          "I have finally learned the sexual
     differences in the Lati.  I learned this
     because Alli gave birth today, though I had
     thought her to be male.  The Lati are very
     casual in their garb, and since Alli was one
     of those with the closest thing to a penis, I
     had assumed her to be male.  That leaves me
     with an interesting question about their act
     of procreation.
          "Lar is coming by today, Lar who I
     thought to be a male, but is actually Alli's
     brother.  He (I must learn to think of Lar as
     'he' not 'she') has promised to help me learn
     what I wanted to, and now I have a good
     question."
     Lar tapped on my door at this time, and I bade him
enter.  The door opened, and again, I marveled at their
human-like appearance.  In all the five hundred explored
worlds to date, the Lati are the closest to human.  Lar
looked to be a smooth-skinned human male of youthful
appearance.  I had learned to tell their years, and Lar
was twenty Terran years, though he appeared fifteen,
downright boyish.  His muscles were also that of a human
adolescent, small bulges in his arms, chest and legs.
No nipples adorned his chest, and he looked like a blue
rendition of a human statue.  But Lar was NOT human.  I
had learned today not to take that resemble to much to
heart.  "Greetings, Norton." Lar chirped at me.
     "Greetings, Lar." I responded.  We used "greetings"
to say hello because it was quite similar to a Lati word
that meant about the same thing.
     "I would like to." Lar grinned, and I sighed as I
pondered the exact meaning of "gre tin" in their
language.  Alien languages have no real connection to
human tongues, and for a linguist like myself, it is a
long struggle to piece together their language and
compare it to our own.  My life's work would result in
a single book, a Lati-to-Terran dictionary.
     I gestured to Lar with his grin (which means, thank
God, the same thing to Lati as it does to us, humor) to
sit down and he did, his groin flap (a solitary
rectangle of cloth on his middle that wrapped around to
their back) hung wide open, and I frankly stared at his
organ.  How did this impregnate a female?
     It resembled mostly a human male penis, but was
bigger around, and quite empty.  A limp flat rectangle
of skin lay on the cushion.
     Lar looked at me looking at him, and said, "You
have question, Norton?"
     "Yes." I said.  "I know that Alli gave birth."
     "Birth?" he asked me, his yellow catlike eyes
smiling at me.
     "Alli now has given you a nephew."  We had
discussed relationships, so important to the Lati, and
so Lar knew the word, nodded.
     "Alli has made me a nephew." He agreed.
     "But I am confused.  I thought you were female,
that you would one day give birth."
     Lar laughed, an imitation of laughter he had
learned from me.  A Lati only smiled, but Lar used his
laughter to consciously convey appreciation for a good
joke.
     I was hurt.  "I don't know the words in Lati for
'man' and 'woman.  And the way you have acted when I
say, to you, 'greetings'.  'Gre tin' means 'let's fuck'
and...." my voice trailed off.  "I see." I said.
     Lar shrugged.  "This thing is not important to us."
he said.  "If you wish gre tin with someone," he
shrugged again, another human trait he had adopted for
me.  "You do it.  It does not matter."
     "Why doesn't it matter?  Don't you care who a
child's father is?"  I realized I didn't know their word
for "father", though Lar knew what it meant.
     Lar said, "The mother is the one who bears the
child.  It does not matter who the fa-ther is.  The
child is hers, not his."
     "I see." I said.  Matriarchal societies have
several analogues with human cultures in history.  "So
it doesn't matter who you gre tin with, then?"
     "It matters to me.  I must like him or her."  Lar
stood, approached me with a thrust to his hips.  "I like
you."
     I goggled.  Lar and I had been honest with each
other, but this!  But Lar was almost my only friend
among the Lati.  What was I to do?  My college classes,
some scant five years before, hadn't told me about how
to fight off an amorous advance from an alien!
     But it had, I realized.  The Krith were squidlike
creatures, but their form of greetings was, to put it
bluntly, to have sex with them, a brief enough affair
for the Krith with its quick squirt of sperm into the
female's sexual opening.  But humans had to copulate
with them at every meeting, or face explusion from their
culture.
     Morals vary from planet to planet, even among
humans.  I had to be sure.
     "I like you, too." I said.  "But I'm not sure...."
     Lar looked exasperated.  "I have watched your body
when we swim together.  I have watched your eyes.  You
watch me.  Do you not want me?"
     Want a beautiful teenaged boy?  Man, that is? "Of
course I want you."
     "Then that is enough." Lar said, and kissed me.
     I kissed him back, stooping down to match faces
with him (Lati stand only five feet high), and I felt
his tongues slide into mine.  I matched his two slender
tongues with my bigger one, and felt them wrap around my
tongue as they were more prehensile than ours.  Lar
tugged gently at my tongue, much as we would suck a
tongue into us with our passion and the tug at the base
of my tongue was enough.
     I pulled myself back, not letting go of my hug, my
arms around him and his around mine, and said, "It's not
enough!  I look at you, and I don't see how we're going
to do it!  Damn it, we're not built alike!"
     Lar said, "I will manage, and so will you.  Enjoy."
he said and pressed against me, and I felt his sex
organ, stiff and erect (!) push against me at mid-thigh.
I gave it up, and let Lar pull my jumpsuit open, him
tugging at the unfamiliar zipper but managing, bringing
it down to my waist, his hands reaching in to play with
my nipples, those extraordinarily fascinating things to
the Lar.  He pinched them pretty hard!
     "Ouch!" I said.  "Easy, Lar, they're delicate."
     "I'm sorry, Norton." Lar said and reached down to
kiss them in apology.  His dual tongues lapped at the
nipple, and I groaned in appreciation.  He had such
control of those tongues, and used them as though expert
in how to please a man.
     I shuffled the jumpsuit down from my arms, and it
fell down around my knees.  I didn't wear undershorts
(not in the hot Lati climate!) and so my penis pushed
against his stomach.
     Lar knelt then, a pretty boy on his knees in front
of me, and his tongues darted over and around my cock,
tugging gently at it, his tongues manipulating the
foreskin like gentle, flexible fingers, warm and wet.
I was soon so hard it hurt, and Lar stood up.  "Now you
do me." he ordered.
     I knelt down and pulled aside his groin flap, and
Lar undid it, tossed it aside, was naked to me.  I
studied the erect organ with fascination.  It was a
hollow tube, perhaps three inches across.  What do you
do with a hollow penis?
     I treated it like any cock I had ever sucked,
taking it all in my mouth and working it back and forth.
Lar seemed indifferent to this, his organ drooped.  I
experimentally stuck my tongue inside it and Lar groaned
out "Ih!  Ih! (Yes!  Yes!)", so I now knew what to do.
     I lapped inside Lar's cock as hard and fast as I
could, the taste of it slightly salty and moist, but not
at all unclean or unpleasant.  This tube had no other
purpose than sex, unlike our own penises.  It stayed
perfectly clean, closed tight until the Lati male was
stimulated, and so it would open to allow entrance.  But
to what?
     No matter, Lar enjoyed my lapping inside of him,
immensely, and soon was bucking and groaning in a way I
thoroughly understood.  He was close to orgasm.  I
pulled out and stood up.
     Lar gasped and kissed me, hard.  I picked him up
and carried him to the bed.  I had another idea on how
to make love to my blue alien lover.
     Lar lay back on the bed, his "e-tar-a" (penis) a
rigid tube standing above him, fully eight inches high
from his small frame.  He looked at me with his catlike
eyes, irises dilated to wide circles, looking at me in
awe.  "What do you want?" he asked me, eager but afraid,
as though now-unsure of how we humans made love.
     I smiled.  "I will not hurt you." I said, and I
reached for the tube of lube I kept (though the only
human for a thousand miles at this time, it never hurt
to be prepared!), slathered my penis carefully and
liberally.  "I want to try this." I said.
     I knew that the female Lati had a penis-like organ,
which is why I had first thought them males, and so I was
going to do what the Lati couples obviously did.
     I carefully sat on his thighs and reached for his
e-tar-a, guided it down to align with my penis, carefully
inserted it.
     Tight!  Tighter than any human ass I'd ever fucked.
Lar squirmed beneath me, not in pain or fear, but trying
to accomodate my huge, alien penis in his e-tar-a.  The
lube helped, and I got the head inside (glad I am uncut,
if I'd had to force a naked cockhead in, I probably
couldn't have done it).  I gently pushed inside, and Lar
said, "Wait, let me." and pushed me back until I was on
my knees.  Lar got on one knee, and thus raising himself
until our organs matched, reinserted my cock into his
e-tar-a, this time gently pushing it until the base of
my cock touched the lips of his e-tar-a.
     The pleasure!  I cannot describe it other than to
say that the Lati must have muscles inside their
e-tar-a, to be able to do what he did, which was to work
my penis in repeating ripples that milked it downwards
into his body.  Was it conscious, or is that how Lati
made love?  I didn't and don't know, but I know that it
was wonderful, better than any human mouth could have
done.
     We sat perfectly still, face to face, kissing while
Lar's e-tar-a milked at my cock, the rippling effect
gradually growing stronger and stronger, the ripples
wider and thicker, milking me harder and faster with each
ripple.
     I panted out, "Oh, Lar, that feels so good!"
     "For me, too, Norton!" he gasped.  "I want you to
feel the pleasure I feel.  You are so big!"  This isn't
true, exactly, in human terms I am average sized, but to
the smaller Lati, I was built bigger than their females.
Lati seemed to like it, though, and he grabbed me, the
talons on his hands, usually retracted, came out and sunk
into my back.  I felt eight pinpricks that turned into
needle-jabs, and the pain added to my pleasure, and I
jerked, came, shooting my come into Lar's e-tar-a.
     And I felt Lar buck hard against me, the ripples in
his e-tar-a reached hard and swift against me, and I felt
my cock smothered in a slimy wetness.  We rested our
heads on each other's shoulders (a reach for Lar), and,
as passion released us, fell onto the bed.
     We lay together, joined, Lar's e-tar-a maintaining
a death-grip on my cock, not letting it go.  I made a
perfunctory attempt to withdraw it, and Lars said, "No,
no yet.  It takes a little while, my friend, before my
e-tar-a will release you.  Rest my friend, and you will
soon be free."
     So I kissed him, and we talked about it.  The Lati
e-tar-a would remain hooked onto the female organ for a
few moments, so that the male sperm would have time to
fertilize an ovum.  I realized that some Earth animals,
such as dogs and wolves, experienced this as well.  Lar
and I were stuck together for about ten minutes, before
his e-tar-a jerked, spit out my soft cock.
     I felt and looked at my cock. It was coated with a
bluish fluid, Lati sperm.  I reached down and pulled it
off onto my fingers, licked at it, the taste of a copper
coin on my mouth.  Lar squeezed his e-tar-a and my sperm
poured out onto his palm, and he looked at the palm-full
of white sperm in astonishment.  "So much!" he gasped.
     I guess Lati females don't leave so much liquid in
their mates, but Lar licked at it in imitation of me, and
I watched his tongues work together in concert to scoop
it up, interlacing to form a hollow like cupped human
hands.  He smiled at the taste, and lapped it all off his
hands quickly.  "That tastes good." he said.  "Like ocean
water."
     "I'm glad you like it." I said.  "I like yours,
too."
     Lar said, "I had wondered what it would be like, you
and me.  I was--cur-i-ous?"
     "Curious, yes." I agreed.  "Me, too."
     "I think I want to do it again, soon." Lar said.
     "Anytime you want, my friend." I replied, and kissed
him intimately, and again felt his tongues wrap around
mine.
     Lar looked at me.  "You would take me as a prena?"
he asked.
     "Prena?" I asked.  I knew the term.  A young Lati
male or female left his own village and joined another,
taking a mate apparently chosen for him or her at that
time.  They called the new addition a "prena".
     "Yes." Lar said.  "I was told by my mother and aunts
that it was time for me to become a prena.  They
suggested a village for me where I would be welcome, but
I chose to come here.  I hope you will take me as your
prena." He gulped, looked at me intently.  "If you do
not..."
     He didn't have to elaborate.  Prenas rejected by the
village they went to were outcasts, doomed to spend their
lives alone.
     "Yes." I said, kissing him.  "I want you to be my
prena."
     "Then we are now a family." Lar said.  "We must have
a tira (feast or celebration) to show how our peoples
have become one.  Your people and my village (actually
a word meaning "extended family") are now joined into one
super village (super family)."
     "I am glad." I said heartily to him, and we kissed
again.  But as I held him close, consternation took over
my features.
     What would my professors think about this!
                        
                        THE END
