Author's note: To aid visualising the characters, I include the following
description for reader's information.

Nicky: Unspecified female, say 18-29, generally sexy, slim but not thin,
not necessarily gorgeous (detracts from real interest!), medium chest
type-of-girl. Probably longish hair, just longer than shoulder length.  The
sort of timid lass that wouldn't go looking for a toilet if out on the
town, would only go if her friends went.  Could easily be Elizabeth Hurley
or Penny Smith in looks...

Phil: Fun, clean, tidy, gentle kind of guy, likes women, wants happiness
out of life.  Drinks in moderation.  Not a tomboy, just goes out
occasionally to find a `mate'.





"An Alooring Affair"


Chapter 1 "Look at that!" Nicky pretended to swoon as she and a friend
walked passed a `mooning' contest stall.  The pair were enjoying a
mercifully sunny spring evening, and capping their day of shopping and
gossiping by visiting a temporary local fairground. "Do you want to try?"
reacted Lily in return, stopping and grabbing Nicky's shorts as if to undo
them.  The pair laughed and walked on, admiring several men that they
passed trying their luck at mindless games from `Pin the tail on the
Donkey' to `Shooting Coconuts'.  They received many admiring glances
themselves, being young, pretty and scantily clothed in the first evening
heat of the year. They continued to walk amongst the stalls and rides,
joking and making fun of one another, admiring the gaudy paint work and
bright lights of the many theme stalls in evidence. One topic of
conversation kept cropping up in their conversation wherever they went, and
their trip to the fair didn't stop Lily raising it.  "So have you found a
boyfriend to posses you yet?" she teased Nicky similarly every time they
were admiring young men together, and often joked with mutual friends
around as well. "Oh get off my back," Nicky pretended to scowl and turned
to watch a paint gun fight. "But Nicky, why so touchy?" continued Lily in
an obstinate voice, scampering round to block her view. "I'm worried about
something.  My boss keeps giving me dead-end assignments and I made an
appointment today to see him first thing next Monday.  It's worrying me.
I've never had an appraisal, and I think he might treat it as one. I
wouldn't mind the jobs, but you always seem so much more successful than
me! Maybe I should change firms," she suggested by way of concluding the
conversation.  "I don't want to talk about it." "Oh don't worry, just wear
a short skirt, he'll keep you on and give you a pay rise," Lily reassured
her, although less confident herself.  Lily was perfectly aware that Nicky
was totally uninspired by her work, so could easily see that she might not
work very well. "Perhaps he'll suggest a holiday or something?" "I doubt
it..." Nicky absentmindedly replied, having seen a stall she had been
looking out for.  She ran the last few strides to it.  "Come on Lil, play
this one!" she suggested, turning to beckon Lily forward.  "You'd be
great!" "Speak for ya'self," came the reply, followed by a pause.  "Oh, all
right then," Lily conceded, as she noticed the glances from a group of
tanned guys standing near the stall.  "But you must join in too." "No way!"
cried Nicky, laughing at the suggestion.  "I haven't got enough to flout!
Whoever heard of someone my size winning a wet t-shirt comp, eh? Some've
got it, some haven't - you're one of those who have..." "Oh come on, it
won't hurt, and that lot're looking at us," Lily protested, flicking her
head towards the men.  The group moved closer, watching the discussion
intently.  The average male, Lily knew from experience, would rather bed
Nicky than a million of her.  The poor girl just didn't know it!  How was
she to bring Nicky out of her shell? "Well, I might be too modest,"
suggested Nicky, still genuinely trying to get out of taking part in the
spectacle.  "Perhaps we should just go home?" "Oh no! You've used that ploy
before!  This time, you're joining in!" responded Lily, standing aside as
the stall holder moved to Nicky's side to offer her a badge with a number
on it. "The spectators choose a winner by calling out the numbers you
wear," he explained.  "Don't be frightened, we'll even give you a towel
after if you want!" "I'm just too small up here," replied Nicky
meaningfully, cupping her breasts in her hands.  A loan wolf-whistle piped
up, and was soon joined by another from the group now watching Nicky.  Her
feeble protests died to silence, as she realised she was the object of
their desires - at least for some of the sexy members of the group. "What
do you think," she addressed another competitor, already wearing her badge
labelled `No. 3', "should I join in?" "I wish you wouldn't," came a
muttered reply from the peroxide blonde number three.  She was wearing a
t-shirt which read `Go round the back and read my backside, then come back
here you pervert!' with a heart on each side of the text on her chest.
"What do you mean by that?" asked Nicky indignantly, staring straight at
the brown eyes so incongruous with the blonde's hair. "For God's sake!"
exclaimed number three, "you'd get every vote for fuck's sake, they're
begging you for it!" she indicated the growing ranks of men gathering to
watch the competition. "They're not here to watch me!" explained Nicky,
relaxing again as an argument was averted.  "They want," she paused
searching for a sufficiently uncomplimentary word, "people like you."
Another whistle came from the crowd, causing even more men to join the
throng. "Oh aren't they?" asked the blonde, turning away. "What's her
problem?" muttered Nicky, turning to see Lily proudly sporting a number
four badge. "Just do it for me, yeah?  You won't know anyone here tomorrow,
it doesn't matter, just loosen up a bit!" pleaded Lily, climbing on to the
mini-stage prepared with buckets of icy water.  As she did so, her
movements caused her cotton trousers to tighten over her buttocks, to a
chorus of sighs and whistles from the crowd. The stall holder returned to
Nicky, and proffered her the number five badge. "This is yer last chance,
luv.  Startin' right now.  What d'ya say?  Don't harm no-one, jus' a bit o'
fun.  Flop em out for the lads, eh?" "Well, in the face of such reasoned
argument and wonderful flattery, who could refuse?" jested Nicky
sarcastically, then bit her lip as the stall holder flicked the badge
saying `Number five' at her and rushed off the compere.  "Why do I SAY
these things?" she asked herself, and reluctantly climbed up to join Lily
and the other three girls.

   Nicky could barely believe she was standing there, preparing to expose
herself to the hoards now eagerly awaiting the first buckets of water.  The
stall holder went through a spiel, and then invited a sweaty and chubby
bloke from the crowd to "Do the `onours, know what I mean, mate?"  Nicky
was rapidly coming to like the stall holder chap: "After all," she thought,
"he's better than people like that fat bugger."  She nudged Lily to step
forward, and the first bucket of water flew, soaking Lily and wetting Nicky
and another girl. The stall holder ducked as water flowed and each girl in
turn was given a chest full of water.  When it came to be Nicky's turn, the
fat bloke stood very close to Nicky, to catcalls and leering from the
crowd.  He lifted the bucket above their heads, and poured it down between
them.  The crowd went wild as he pretended to hide her from view.  The
stall holder laughed into his microphone, and several men whistled and
shouted to Nicky. "I'm astonished," she whispered to Lily as another
spectator was requested to throw water for the second round.  "They really
reacted well to me then, didn't they?" "Of course they did!" exclaimed
Lily, "you're the sexiest of all of us!" Before Nicky could respond, a
cheer went up from the crowd.  Nicky caught the end of the compere
explaining to the crowd that in view of the high demand for the honour of
throwing water, there would be one bucket each, to throw at a nominated
girl.  He went through the numbers of the girls, from one to five, inviting
individuals who wanted to have a go to "Show us what yer made of, ya
pooftas!" Nicky didn't feel there was much demand, but continued to join in
the pretence of dancing and gyrating for the crowd, linking arms with Lily
as she received her second bucket of water full frontal.  Lily screamed
with delight as her top outlined her breasts, in total oblivion to the lack
of dignity she was demonstrating. "And now, Ladies and Gen'lemen,"
announced the stall holder, in a mock Sloane accent, "The big one!" "Just a
minute," Nicky tried to interrupt, "I haven't had a second..." The compere
ignored her, and continued "The moment you've all been waiting for, who
wants to throw number five her second bucket?"  The crowd went totally
wild, with most of the men screaming and shouting for the chance to throw
the last bucket.  Nicky realised that they really did want her to be the
one. The stall holder couldn't keep them back, and eventually, through the
mayhem, around a dozen men were ranged on the stage, wanting the
opportunity to throw at Nicky the last visible bucket.  The stall holder
asked if they would mind having a different model, and doubling up to throw
an extra bucket of water at all of them, but the crowd were having nothing
of such a cop-out, and the individuals jostled each other to bring
themselves to the compere's attention, when he selected the lucky
individual to actually throw the bucket Nicky was `owed'. "Look lads," he
crooned, loving every moment as money was thrust in his direction, "she
can't have eleven more buckets than t'others!  Who'll give me a good reason
why he should throw the bugger!"  His accent was being maintained, and
diction had improved immensely.  He also appeared, Nicky noticed, to be
dribbling! "I could give all the girls what they want!" shouted one man
over the crowd's noise, "I'll strip for the chance to throw one at her, but
I'd need a promise from her in return!"  The crowd managed to get even
noisier, and Nicky smiled at the suggestion with the rest of the girls
looking enviously at her. "I could give you a quick hug," she suggested,
leaning to the microphone. "I'll take you to dinner!" offered another man,
and soon all of them had joined the bandwagon, offering a treat in return
for throwing a bucket. "Oh, let all of them have a go!" sighed Nicky in the
end, and the compere's eyes gleamed. "Ladies and Gentlemen!" the compere
boomed, raising a screech due to feedback, "The young lady has offered to
let them ALL have a go!  Whada'ya think?"  The chorus of cries and whistles
rose another few decibels, and Nicky pouted at the first man in the queue.
The buckets were hastily refilled behind the stall, and then each chap in
turn stepped up, giving Nicky a thorough soaking whilst showing off to
their own little groups of friends.  Each one tried harder than the
previous one to impress upon Nicky the feelings they held for her by
swinging their hips or making other suggestive movements or remarks. Nicky
was almost frightened at the response she was getting - her usual state of
mind at such events was to stand at the back and attempt to shrink away
from the scene to avoid attention.  "It's a bloody good feeling to see them
all gagging for me!" she thought to herself, and nodded agreeably as
another bucket was tipped over her chest.  "It's becoming a wet t-shirt and
shorts contest," she quipped to herself, and repeated it to the next man
carrying a bucket of water. He smiled at her, whilst keeping his eyes
firmly lowered towards her chest, and threw his bucket full of cold water
at Nicky's torso and thighs.  The man was so enamoured with the results of
his throw, he lingered watching the water drip from Nicky's clothes to the
very wet stage floor, and murmuring to himself. As he stood, resisting
calls from the audience to move aside so that they could see his handiwork,
Nicky was coming down to earth with a thud.  "What am I doing?" she asked
herself, and twisted round to ask Lily the same question. "Look at me!  You
got me into this, you can get me out!" "What's the matter, darlin'?" asked
the stall holder, rushing across at the sight of the star attraction of his
career preparing to leave the stage.  "You can't leave now, we've got to do
the judging!" "I'm cold and wet and want to go home," Nicky scowled at him,
"you'd better make it snappy!"  "And that's not all," she added to herself,
wondering why she needed the loo so soon after the last time.  "It's
probably something to do with the water all over me," she reflected,
pondering that it would hopefully ease off again as she dried off.  "Not
that it's too bad of course," she almost said out loud, but coughed instead
as she realised her folly. "Gottya," replied the stall holder, his eyes
gleaming once more.  He returned to his microphone.  "Ladies and
Genellmen," he began, "an' now the judging!"  A cacophony of catcalls rose
from the crowd.  "Now listen carefully, you'll wanna know this!"  A few
souls in the crowd shushed the noisiest men.  "Each person watching may
cast one vote, by callin' the number of the con'estant.  Don' forge', one
on the left, five on the right.  Ready?  Go!" An immediate roar deafened
most of those at the front of the crowd, leaving everyone in no doubt as to
the desired winner: Nicky had heard only "Five" called by anyone. As the
crowd gradually stopped calling out Nicky's number repeatedly, a quite
voice shouted "Two!" from the depths of the crowd, raising a laugh from
everyone.  The culprit looked sheepishly at the girl sporting the second
badge, but was delighted to receive a wink in reply. "I didn't catch tha'!"
screamed the stall holder.  "Can you try again?" Again the crowd erupted,
responding with similar force, although subsiding a little quicker.  "I'm
sorry gents," the compere said, milking the crowd, "We'll try somefin else
- .  How 'bout..." his eyes gleamed, "each person can vote by placing a ten
pee piece inna bucket before each gi... contestant.  Off ya go - one vote
only mind or else!" The crowd pressed forward to fill the still damp
buckets with silver coins. An abnormally high number seemed to be heading
for Nicky's bucket, it seemed to her as she watched the goings-on. "Come
now lads!" the stall holder screamed into his mic, "The luverrly lady who
wins gets half her bucketful, and I get all the rest.  Sprea' it ou' a
bit." The other girls were each beckoning the crowd forward and pointing at
their own buckets, gesturing for money and pretending to offer a sight of
more leg or midriff in return for more votes.  Nicky was standing looking
at them and the crowd in a daze. Nicky's bucket was already brimming with
an assortment of coins from the suggested ten pence pieces to pound coins
and even a few notes.  "Looks like you're going to win it!" Lily
pronounced, leaning over to whisper to her as Nicky finally began to join
in the process of inviting votes, by pulling her top up to her bra-line for
the benefit of a bloke waving a fiver at her.  She giggled as he put it in
her bucket and then produced a tenner, wanting more. "Oh no mate!" she told
him, waggling her finger, "I'm not going any further!" She was delighted at
his throwing the note in anyway, despite her discomfort at being cold and
needing a piss. Soon the stall holder was beckoning the last few members of
the audience forward to make their choice and then he stood upright again.
"I can tell ya right now tha'..." he turned and raised his eyebrows at
Nicky. "Nicky," she told him, as she realised she really was the object of
the men's' desires. "...The lurrverly Nicky won that, fair an' square!  No
doubts.  The others didn' even come close - sorry girls!"  The crowd
`ahhed' sympathetically, and then returned to their congratulatory howls
for Nicky.  She jumped for joy but soon quietened her excitement - the
jumping did no good at all for her bladder, although she wasn't
particularly desperate, she didn't want to make it worse any quicker than
it might naturally become.

   Following a short wait whilst the money had been distributed between
Nicky and the stall holder, somewhat unequally in Nicky's opinion, although
she had avoided quibbling so as to get away quickly, Nicky and Lily had
left the side- show and stood considering what to do. "I think I've had
enough for tonight," Nicky made clear, surreptitiously hopping from one
foot to the other to try and hide her fidgeting from Lily.  She had always
fidgeted when she needed the loo, since she was very young.  Her mother had
told her off for it once, telling her it was stupid to show people she
needed the loo so badly.  Nicky had replied, as she always had when asked
if she did need to go, that she didn't need to pee, and her mother was
wrong.  She recalled that often she had said that whilst literally holding
on to herself to keep the piss inside.  Once she had been simply trying to
hide the damp patch on her shorts by holding her hands over it while her
mum chastised her for showing her desperation, and she had remonstrated
about the incorrectness of her mother's assumption.  She realised she must
concentrate on talking to avoid `thinking' her bladder fuller.  "Although I
really enjoyed that, after all.  It really opened my eyes.  So many people
wanted me!  Why did they do that?" "Why don't we go to a night-club to
celebrate your new found confidence, you've earned a night on the tiles,"
Lily refused to reply to such an obvious question. "I might just do that,
on Friday night.  Two days until my first visit to a night-club, wow,"
Nicky said in amazement.  "Very liberating, showing your body off, isn't
it.  It's not my usual stance, though, as well you know," she was using a
rather accusing voice.  Lily acted innocent.  "Maybe I'll go on my own on
Friday night, steer clear of any trouble you might try to get me into."
Lily responded, attempting an innocent voice "Sweet little me?  Trouble?
What are you implying?"  Nicky had begun walking in the direction of her
home, and Lily was scurrying along beside her like a crab, trying to keep
herself between Nicky and the exit.  "Don't lets go Nicky, there's so much
more to see." "I want to.  May be I should work harder tomorrow to prepare
for Monday. Heh, I don't feel nearly so worried you know, having had that
little ego boost back there.  The situation'll soon change you know, I'll
soon be as high-powered in my job as you in yours, this appointment to see
Andrew on Monday might turn out better than I expected.  I'll confront
him...  I tell you what, I'd better be sober by then after Friday night!"
The girls giggled at each other, and chatted a little more about the
prospect of Nicky going out. "Wear something stunning, you'll be bound to
pull then," advised Lily, "it's a good thing you've got your own place
now," she nudged Nicky, causing her to remember all too quickly about
needing to use a toilet. "Oh stop winding me up!" Nicky very nearly
snapped, but managed to keep her voice calm.  "I just want to go home,
ready for work." "No way, there's no early nights for you tonight!  You're
coming with me to get a drink, you're gonna celebrate your win.  Come with
me."  To Nicky's delight, despite her talk of celebrating, Lily walked in
the direction of the exit, but then turned away from their homes, heading
towards the centre of the city. "Where d'you think you're going?" asked
Nicky indignantly.  "I thought we were going home to have a drink," she
continued falteringly, knowing in her heart of hearts what Lily's reply
would be. "I'm taking YOU," she emphasised Nicky's involvement
categorically, offering Nicky no choice, "to the Speckled Hen for a few
drinks," Lily replied.  Nicky sighed and continued shuffling along the road
towards the pub - both to appear reluctant and to avoid opening her legs
too wide.  Nicky couldn't refuse outright to go with Lily, she knew Lily
would want to know why.

   "Thank god we're here at last!" exclaimed Lily as they entered the pub.
"I've gotta have a pee!  Why on earth were you walking so slowly?  Oh never
mind, look after my stuff a minute would you?" Nicky didn't have a chance
to object as Lily handed her her coat and bag and then headed speedily for
the Ladies.  Nicky was almost aghast at the treatment she had received from
a friend.  She'd just walked away without so much as a please or thank you.
When Lily returned Nicky was standing at the bar, so waited to tackle the
issue of Lily's behaviour - much as she waited to deal with her bladder.
It was giving her real trouble now; Nicky REALLY needed to go - if only she
could tackle the issue of pissing like she would Lily's behaviour, by
taking the piss she realised! "Watta you having?" the bar girl asked the
pair as they stood shoulder to shoulder. "We'll have a magnum of your
finest champagne please!" Lily suggested, but looking at Nicky's shocked
expression revised her order to two Snowballs. "Snowballs?  What're you
trying to do to me?" asked Nicky.  "My usual's a pint of something - I've
never developed a sophisticated taste for drinks." "Just sit back and relax
and enjoy it dear," Lily dropped the bait Nicky had been waiting for,
although she did wonder in the back of her mind how she was supposed to
relax while dying for a pee. As they sat at a table at the corner of the
pub, Nicky started her dig.  "How can I relax when you just run off and
leave me in the middle of a pub being stared at?  Talk about humiliating!"
Nicky began, "You just don't care do you?" she wasn't being entirely
serious, but realised she was sounding very pissed off.  "What if I had
needed to go?  Would I just have had to cross my legs?" "Oh Nicky, I'm
sorry.  I didn't think - I could barely wait to give you my coat, never
mind all those niceties.  You would have had to wait I'm afraid, 'cause I
would have been the more desperate - nobody could need to as urgently as me
just then."  Nicky continued to look enquiring causing Lily to press on,
searching for an explanation.  "I was only home briefly from work before we
came out, and I didn't think to go then, you see."  Lily realised that
wasn't the explanation Nicky had been seeking.  "What can I say?  I'm
sorry.  I was in a rush!" "Got you!" Nicky smiled, glad she had been able
to string out the teasing, despite her discomfort.  Now if only she could
explain that she DID need to go, and then just stand up and walk over to
that smart little swing door in the wall... but Nicky had never had the
guts to admit needing the loo to anyone, so just remained silent, as Lily
apologised again, while laughing at the things she had said while she
thought Nicky was serious.

   Soon Lily was tipsy following several more drinks, although Nicky
remained stone cold sober as she couldn't let herself drink too much for
two reasons, she thought, as she sat cross-legged squeezing her thighs
together.  "Firstly," she knew, "any more liquid could tip me over the
edge, with disastrous consequences should I not get home very soon after."
It didn't occur to her that under those circumstances she might relent and
use a toilet, letting people know she had needed the loo.  "Also," she
thought, tightening her clamped thighs, "getting tipsy and clumsy and
losing control might lead to an accident." "What're you thinking?" Lily
asked jerkily as she jealously eyed a forty year old with his wife.  "You
were concentrating very deeply." "About getting to bed," Nicky replied,
pleased with herself for the foresight to prepare that answer.  "I need..."
she faltered once again; that evening she'd definitely had her mind on
other things - Lily had repeatedly had to prompt her to continue a
sentence.  "...some sleep," she finished, appearing absent minded. "You
certainly do!" Lily teased, "you're falling asleep as you talk!  Let's go
home then."

   The girls left the pub and walked to Lily's street, at the corner of
which they stopped.  Nicky could almost not stand still, but she was
determined, as always, to avoid letting even Lily know that her bladder was
in torment. "Thanks for coming out with me tonight Nic," Lily began, "I've
been missing our girly chats since we left school."  She paused and looked
puzzled.  "It's been a few years now, hasn't it.  We should get all the
gang together for a good piss up sometime.  Really let our hair down!"
"Yeah, that would be good," Nicky replied, desperate to end the goodnights
and start her remaining walk home.  It would be ten minutes if she walked
fast. "But for tonight, goodnight, I really must be going."  She kissed
Lily on the cheek and started to walk, keeping her paces small, in the
direction she so desperately needed to go. "Bye Nic, thanks again!" Lily
called after her, and then turned to walk the short distance to her own
home. As soon as Nicky could no longer see Lily, she started to walk much
more quickly, and soon broke into a run.  She covered the ten minutes brisk
walk in under five, and could barely believe the relief of being in her own
street.  She raced into her block, and then to her own flat.  She was adept
at opening the front door in a rush, normally because she had to relieve
herself, rarely more than she did then, however. She almost flew to her
bathroom, and desperately pulled down her clothes and sat, feeling almost
sheepish, on the toilet that was almost exclusively the only one she used,
feeling such a sense of relief as the stream of urine emptied her bladder
enough to alleviate the pain that she didn't care about her scruffy look.
She very rarely used a toilet other than this one, as she so disliked
admitting to others any need to piss.  "Ahh," she sighed, "I needed that.
Thank god I live alone!"  She also silently wondered to herself "I've had
so much practice at waiting, I wonder whether I could have done that if I
was used to going as soon as I needed to?"
