Chapter 5  

   Nicky woke at midnight, her first thought being "Christ it hurts, I'll burst 
if I move, I must do!"  She was still cuddled against Phil, thus gently 
whispered to him "Phil!  Phil!  I need to go to the loo, I HAVE to pee.  You 
have to help me.  Phil?"  He murmured in reply.  "I can't move or I'll loose my 
grip on my muscles, I need to use something in here and just scramble to it.  
Can you get something to go in?"
   Phil turned over and looked Nicky straight in the eye.  "I'm not going to do 
anything that helps you relieve yourself.  I would love to see you wet yourself.  
Then I would know you had needed to as we made love earlier..."
   "You mean I have to stay here?  I can't possibly...oh!"  Her gasp was in 
response to Phil leaping on to her and pushing his already erect penis deep 
against her, deliberately aiming for her pubic hair and thus pushing her 
bladder, rather than to penetrate.  Nicky swore and screamed.
   "I want you!" were Phil's only words before he did penetrate.
   Nicky cried and gasped, occasionally screaming when Phil penetrated any 
deeper than merely resting in the neck of her vagina.  Phil brought Nicky near 
to orgasm despite her utter discomfort - her writhing and fidgeting, pulling 
desperately away until she was curled against the wall behind the bed, gave him 
such satisfaction that she couldn't fail to be aroused herself.  Nicky managed 
to reach orgasm before her bladder gave up completely, but then suffered as the 
repurcussions of the abuse she had meted out to her bladder began.
   Phil inevitably came himslef with the stimuli Nicky offered, nomatter that 
her actions were involuntary.  He reacted to her movements after he had finished 
by rolling off to Nicky's side, and pulling the duvet towards him.  
   "Phil you bastard, however great you made that you HAVE to let me piss!  Have 
you ever drunk four cups of tea then waited as long as this?  What, we had it 
with brunch at three ish?  That's nine hours!  It was through me in one!  Hey, 
it was through you too!  Why the hell don't you try waiting until now instead of 
pissing off into the toilet as soon as you need to?  I'm serious, this won't 
wait.  Tea makes it more urgent, even if not so full.  I'VE BEEN WAITING NINE 
HOURS!...What?"
   Phil laughed at her.  "You're rambling, going round in circles in your 
arguments - you'll start giggling next!  They really are classic signs of being 
desperate for a piss!  Can't you hide it?"
   Nicky giggled obligingly.  "Satisfied?  Can I go now?  I mean, I can't go, 
'cause I can't move or it'll leak out, but can you get me a bucket now?  Oh, and 
yes I can hide it until it gets really bad - my friends never clicked at school 
when I needed to most of the day..."
   "God I'm knackered!" Phil stated, turning to face Nicky and appearing to 
settle down.  He planned to fein sleep to prevent Nicky having the opportunity 
of releiving ehrself.  He felt he knew her well enough that she would avoid 
wetting the bed however bad she felt like.  Phil could hear Nicky crying, and 
re-opened his eyes.  She was blubbering into the duvet - when he looked 
carefully, she seemed to be pretending.  He carefully closed his eyes again and 
ignored her attempt to make him feel sorry for her.
   Nicky realised she was not getting anywhere, so gently eased herself down to 
lie still but for the fidgeting, resigning herself to a further few hours.  She 
didn't like to think what might happen when Phil woke up.

   When Nicky awoke the next morning, she immediately opened her eyes in shock 
at the pain behind her pubic hair.  That led to her second shock because she was 
able to see the time displayed on Phil's clock - eight forty three.  She 
screamed in genuine terror at the prospect of missing her meeting with the 
Manager at the office in which she worked.
   Phil jumped out of bed, ready to confront the rapist he felt sure must be in 
the room.  He relaxed having scoured the corners, and turned an accusing stare 
on Nicky.  She was hopping madly, one foot in the skirt she'd picked up from 
home the previous afternoon, and clutching herself with her free hand to keep 
her bladder intact.
   "Phil, I have to be in a meeting with my Manager at nine!  I can't get there 
that soon!  Can you drive me?"  She had somehow succeeded in getting her skirt 
on, and was fiddling with a rather thin cream blouse trying to get her arms in 
without letting go of her bladder wiht the other hand.
   "Nicky, I can't.  I'm so sorry.  I have to be at a meeting in London at ten 
am!  I'll be hard pushed as it is."
   "Fuck fuck fuck," Nicky responded, feeling her bladder contract as if to 
expel the apparent gallons of urine pressing on her muscles.  "I'll have to take 
the bus."  She rushed to her shoes and slipped them on, whilst leaving her 
blouse open full length.  
   "Bra, knickers?" Phil queried, wtahcing Nicky's breats bounce in and out of 
her blouse.  Nicky grimaced as her bladder twitched, but managed to slip her 
left leg into a pair of light green `flannel' knickers.  She had more trouble 
with ehr right leg, struggling towards the door with the knickers dangling round 
her knees.  Phil rushed to help and pulled the knickers fully up for her.  "Are 
you okay?  Shouldn't you go to the loo first?"
   "I don't have time do I?  The bus'll be leaving from the end of Norfolk 
Street in two minutes if it's on time!  That service gives me one minute from my 
stop near work to get to the Manager - where can I pee on that timesclae?  I'll 
just have to cross my legs."  She had given that speech in a trotured voice 
whilst rushing along the corridor from Phil's front door to the lift, and blew 
him a kiss as he stood naked in his doorway, while she fidgeted more than she 
had ever before - more than the preceeding nights put together, it seemed to 
Phil as he watched her trying to do her blouse buttons up with one hand.
   Nicky ran along Phil's road, gasping at every step as her bladder was jerked 
by the movement.  "I can't keep it in, I can't!" she kept thinking, "There's no 
way I can slow down, Andy'll kill me," she whined in equal measure.  Despite 
arriving breathless at the bus stop seconds before the bus, Nicky still managed 
to fidget in the time she was at the stop, leaving everyone else queueing 
absolutely certain as to her physical state.  She fidgeted standing still, by 
turning to and fro on the pretext of looking for the bus, and whilst shuffeling 
to the bus amongst the queue.
   Once on board, Nicky fumbled repeatedly trying to show her Pass, and was 
eventually allowed through by the driver seeing her state.  He'd embarrased 
Nicky immensely by commenting "Don't worry 'bout it love, ye'll've wet y'erself 
b'time you find the thing!"  Nicky had almost burst as a result of the 
humiliation, just managing to hobble to a seat at the back of the bus where no-
one would be able to see her, carefully keeping her legs tight closed from the 
calves upwards.  Once in her seat, she hastily crossed her legs, serruptiously 
holding herself trhough her skirt whilst her legs were briefly not `joined'.
   As the bus proceeded slowly into the city centre, stopping periodically to 
allow passengers to join and leave, Nicky found the going tougher and tougher.  
Every time the bus stopped, she had to stop swinging her legs to a large extent, 
to prevent those new passengers walking up the aisle from realising her 
predicament.
   The ten minute journey seemed to last forever to Nicky's tortured mind, every 
advertising hoarding having great signficance to the world while it held her 
attention from the certainty that she could not wait any longer.  A beer ad 
caused her to close her eyes and screw up her face in disgust at the concept of 
ever consuming another drop of any liquid likely to result in her bladder 
filling.
   In dispair Nicky realised the bus was approaching her stop.  Making to stand, 
she felt her muscles contract as they had so many times before.  As the bus 
pulled up and a few other commuters stood to alight, Nicky stood in the centre 
of the aisle feeling urine trickle towards her underwear - she had only one 
option.  In full view of the entire bus, she grabbed herself and physically 
clamped herself shut.  Even the driver saw this action, looking in is mirror to 
check the bus was ready to leave again.
   "Are you gettin' off love?" he called, turning for a closer look.  He ignored 
her beauty, the curves of her breasts naked beneath her thin blouse, and stared 
straight at the hand she still cupped between ehr legs, rucking her skirt up 
towards the top of her thighs.  "Look wot the f's the matter wi'you?" he 
eventually asked, tapping his fingers on the dashboard.  Nicky realised she was 
holding up the bus, and thus traffic behind, so stumbled forward to get out.  In 
every occupied seat she passed a pair of eyes swivelled, watching her, some with 
concern, some with amusement, and a few sparkling as if to attract her attention 
to their owners' interest.  The youngest passengers, three school boys, laughed 
once she had passed, safe in the knowlegde that her state meant she wouldn't 
confront them.  A girl sitting near them was much more subdued, giving Nicky a 
moment of relief as she wondered whether the teenager was herself not entirely 
fine.
   As she virtually fell down the bus' steep steps to the pavement, she cursed 
the rotten luck that had left her in such a state on the most important morning 
of her career since being interviewed.  The walk to her office passed in a haze, 
Nicky entering the staircase to her floor of the building as the clock above the 
stairs changed to a minute past nine.  The resultant worry of being late took 
her mind off her bladder for an all-to-brief moment.  She imagined her boss 
standing at the head of the staircase, tapping his foot.  The need to keep 
working to pay her rent gave Nicky sufficient anxiety that she let her legs part 
and bounded up the stairs two at a time.
   As Nicky pushed the door open into the open plan office space, her boss, 
Andy, was just leaving Nicky's immediate colleague's desk, presumably having 
enquired as to her whereabouts.  "Sorry Andy!" she called to him, shuffeling to 
him as her bladder caught up with her rush up the stairs.  "I'm really sorry I'm 
late."  As she spoke she glanced at the door to the toilets, but knew that she 
couldn't possibly argue her point if she held up the meeting any longer.  
   "Shall we go in then," Andy replied rhetorically, turning on his heel and 
leading the way to his private office.  Nicky couldn't bear the feeling in her 
bladder - she wondered about wetting herself there, in the middle of the office 
amongst her workmates, rather than even trying to hold on `til she had walked to 
the toilet, but dismissed the idea as Andy turned to hold open his door for her.
   Nicky sat in a posh chair in front of Andy's desk, unable to avoid fidgeting, 
even while he perched initially on the edge of the pine desk almost touching 
her.  "I hope everything's okay at home?  Nothing in particular made you late?" 
he began.  His greased hair was combed to make his young face appear slightly 
more mature, Nicky noticinig every detail of his expression as she desperately 
searched for something to avoid thinking about her full bladder.
   "Why am I worried about an interview with someone only three or four years 
older than me?" she wondered to herself as Andy stared at her.  She replied to 
his question "I had a busy weekend, just slept in.  I'm so sorry..."
   "Nevermind.  Would you like a coffee?"
   "No thanks!" Nicky replied in a flash.  Andy shrugged his shoulders and 
returned to his normal seat, allowing Nicky more freedom in her fidgets, as her 
legs were now hidden from him by the desk, she thought.  Given the likelihood of 
her not making it through the meeting, she decided valour was the better part of 
discretion, so increased her fidgeting rate - she perceived a glance from Andy 
at her waist, or just below.  Her short skirt was tight across her midriff, 
outlining a bulbous swollen area beneath her stomach, which he was staring at. 
   Andy seemed to tear his eyes away eventually, letting them settle on her 
blouse instead.  Her rapid movements were causing her braless breasts to wobble 
slightly as she sat anything but still in the comfy chair.  Nicky felt 
embarrassed at the attention he was paying her, and started playing with ehr 
hair, draped over her left shoulder, twisiting it and tearing at the strands as 
she tried desperately to hold onto the golden contents of her bladder.
   "Right," Andy snapped out of his trance, "what's your problem with this 
office then, Nicky?"
   "Erm," Nicky was at that moment feeling a drip running down her vagina, 
throuhg the pubic hair matted round her vulva, and soaking into her knickers.  
"Erm, I feel I keep getting the dead-end jobs; all the tasks anyone could do 
standing on their head.  Why do you assign me all those crappy... Sorry!"  She 
giggled at her mistake, then cut herself off sharply.  Andy tipped his head on 
one side, but gestered her to continue.  "I just wondered if you could reassure 
me that I will get my fair share of decent jobs.  Why can't I have some decent 
work?  I've proved my ability!"  She continued her sentence in her head "I can 
last eighteen hours after four cups of tea!  What more do you want?  Phil likes 
that!"
   "I see."  Andy picked up a pencil and toyed with it, watching Nicky as she 
twisted on her seat.  "Do you have any idea why it's to you that those jobs you 
refer to as `boring' fall?  Have you considered that?"
   "I know someone has to do it," Nicky replied before Andy tried to interupt, 
but Nicky refused to give in, "but why me always?" Nicky whined over his 
mindless management-speak.
   "Don't interupt me!" Andy instructed.  He continued a monologue as to Nicky's 
responsibilities according to her contract and in support of the other members 
of staff.  Nicky sulked at the inaccurate rebuke that Andy had silenced her 
with.  While Andy talked and talked, Nicky watched the second hand tick round 
her watch, thinking the last second had passed at every tick.  As she watched 
the minute hand moving as well, she began to feel drowsy, until her bladder 
awoke her with a start.  Finally Andy finished his lecture and sat looking self-
satisfied with his arms crossed across his chest.
   Nicky hadn't a clue as to what his recent sentences had been, so made do with 
"I see," by way of reply.  Nicky was horrified to see that the time was after 
ten o'clock - Andy's discourse had amounted to nearly an hour explaining why she 
would get just the same jobs as she always had despite her complaint.
   "Is that okay?  Do you see my problem now?" Andy asked, seeing her 
predicament in not knowing how to respond.
   "Yes, but it doesn't change anyhting does it?  I mean you'll still piss me 
about with the dead-end jobs!  What concessions have you offered?"
   "Did you listen to what I said?  I offered to see what Meg and Joanne would 
take in return for some of their workload."  Andy continued in a similar vein to 
his previous address, boring Nicky, leaving her nothing to think about but her 
bladder and the likelihood of wetting herself.
   She had only used the toilets at work a few times, following her usual habit 
of avoiding if at all possible any toilet other than her own at home.  "No doubt 
this time," she thought, "I will definitely..." Nicky stopped thinking abotu 
anything, and concentrated on ehr nerves around ehr knickers.  There seemed to 
be a damp feeling...  "Oh God!"  Nicky whined under her breath, feeling more of 
her probably deeply golden urine running between her tightly clamped thighs and 
onto her knickers.  "At this rate," she managed to think "I'll be visibly wet 
before I leave Andy's office!".
   To her relief, Andy finished summarising his previous effort at jollying her 
along, suggesting "Why not go and ask them yourself?"
   Nicky took the offer instantly, leaping up, not caring about opening her legs 
as the most important matter for her now was speed.  She didn't even bother to 
acknoeldge Andy as she rushed out of his office.
   Andy didn't care.  He had seen Nicky fidgeting quite clearly as he talked to 
her, deliberately extending his lecture to cause her maximum discomfort.  He 
hadn't realised she had been waiting as long as she had, but knew in his heart 
that he had to try and make her wait longer.  He was thrilled to see a small 
damp triangle just visible on her dark blue skirt as she rushed from the room.  
He walked to his door and lent on the door post as he watched Nicky crossing the 
office.
   She smiled weakly at several of her workmates as she rushed to the toielts, 
feeling more drips running down her legs.  Nicky didn't realise how much had 
already come out - there had been no change to the desperation, and she couldn't 
see the back of her skirt.  Luckily for her, few of the other ladies in the 
office looked up for more than a moment as she went past, thus they didn't see 
the tell-tale sign on her skirt, saving her a little embarrasment.
   Nicky pushed open the door of the Ladies' and almost cried out in sorrow - a 
queue of two other women from the Department was almost filling the small 
communal area - both cubicles seemed occupied to Nicky's desperate eyes.  She 
pushed closed the door, then greeted the pair queuing in front of her.  "Poor 
dears," she thought, "first coffee of the mornig must have run through them 
all!"
   Serruptiously, Nicky turned to let her rear face the mirrors across the far 
wall of the room - she was astonished to see a growing circle of darker material 
on her skirt, despite the original dark colour of the material.  She let out an 
anguished cry, and then felt a considerably larger quantity of her mentor spill 
out of her baldder and run down her legs, across her knickers and soaking into 
her skirt.  Facing the mirrors straight on, she could see the already abused 
skirt begin to show the results of her foolishness at the front as well.  
   Nicky had only one resort left open to her - she burst into tears to try and 
force the other two women to let her go in front of them out of sorrow for her.

----That's all that's ready so far----

Summary of coming plot:
  She feels much worse than previous two occasions. - bursts more onto floor.  
Bursts into tears and is taken to sit down by other ladies at her workplace - 
not having gone!  She rushes home after going and writes resignation letter - 
can't face workmates, nor happy how meeting went.
  when she returns in evening, she explains problem she had.  She needs to 
again (hasn't in between).  He idly asks whether she uses work toilet?  
Hence give her mugs of tea next morning as she leaves - maybe not - over the top).
  She eventually goes, maybe after sex, door looked on outside with NEW lock.  
Phil laughs at her shock and waves chain with key on it from his pocket.  
Short chase round flat 'til she gets to go.  She makes him watch - tells him 
while pissing that she won't stand for his stopping her if she genuinely 
decides she must.  He relents and she starts to fall in love with him - 
because he sincere in his promise.  He says he got carried away with the fun 
it offered him - accepts that she can regulate his fun herself, without 
chains on doors.  They agree that half the days of the holiday, Nicky must 
only go when Phil tells her, not when he lets her, but positively tells 
her.
 
Long term plot summary:
they come to like it, get serious w/sists. Phil is more turned on by the fact 
she needs to, so she must twist and turn so much, than the twisting! They 
take to her waiting longer and longer, getting even worse.  she wets herself repeatedly, 
and they buy clothes, drinks, to support it. whole life revolves around her 
needing to go as much as often as possible.

They live happily ever after?  No, I think more is needed...

---- Mail me your comments! ----
