            ALS STORY                  by Alan Lane at NixPix 303/920-1263
     
     I can still feel her lips against my chest, two velvetine strips of red,
forming the ring of suction in which her tongue danced.  Every nerve ending
was at peak performance as she worked her way from one nipple to another
and then down.  Her long nails, painted a glossy red, found my balls and
began to fondle them gently.  Her pointed nipples danced about my thighs,
lightly brushing them as I arched back, until I felt my cock enveloped by
her firm breasts.  Suddenly, her warm mouth found its target, and her tongue
lightly began to lick me.

     It wasn't supposed to be this way.  I had only come up for the day,
on a quick business trip to Marin County.  My plan was to fly up to San
Francisco, then rent a car and drive north, stopping at two of our plant
sites.  But on the flight up, I shared a seat with Connie, who explained
that she lived in Marin County and would be happy to give me a ride.  She
loved the drive, she said, giggling, and would enjoy some company to share
it with.  I covertly admired her full lips and beautiful body, and
immediately began to fantasize about the afternoon.  Neither of us said
a great deal beyond small talk and easy conversation, but I noticed that
she had removed her wedding ring by the end of the flight.  This might be
an interesting ride after all, I thought to myself.

     We had just left the Golden Gate Bridge, enjoying the warm sun and
pleasant breez and laughing together when she suddenly suggested that I
drive the car.  She pulled it over and I took the wheel as she directed
me down a winding road that she said was a "scenic route".  She began to
tell me how relaxed she felt with me.

     "I wish I could relax.  But actually, I'm starting to get concerned
about these plants I have to visit.  They're on my back in L.A. to get
production up, and..."

     "Alan, let's just forget about it for a while.  I have my problems too,
but I think we need a break.  An interlude in our lives that is
unreal...one we can enjoy for the moment and leave for the rest of our
lives in the part of us that holds pleasant memories.  Pull the car over up
there and I'll show you what I mean..."

     Well, that's how it all started.  It ended in the most intense passion
I had ever imagined, with Connie's hips sliding rythmically under mine and
her long legs wrapped around the back of my neck.  "Don't pull out", she
gasped as we moved to climax, her juices flowing until the car seat was
soaking wet.  "I want you inside me forever."

     We finished shortly after that, and I felt total contentment as I lay
back with my arm around her.  Unlike many women, Connie was just as
beautiful with no clothes on at all as she had been on the plane with her
sexy short skirt.  A half hour later she sucked me off twice, insisting that
I not move during the command performances.  I was completely drained.

     Connie drove me back to the junction, and left me standing at the Avis
office to rent a car.  She kissed me tenderly, then got in her car and drove
away.  "This only happens once in a lifetime, she said.  I'm glad my once
was with you...".  I never saw Connie again, but I wish I had had the
presence of mind to say something like that myself.


