  ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
  ³ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄ¿ ÚÄ¿  The FINEST Adult Erotic Fiction  ³Û
  ³À¿ ÚÄ¿ ³ À¿ ÚÙ ³ ÚÄÄ¿ ³ ÀÄ¿ ÚÄÙ ³ ³ ³ ³     Currently Available From :    ³Û
  ³ ³ ³ ³ ³  ³ ³  ³ ÀÄÄÙ ³   ³ ³   ³ ÀÄÙ ³				     ³Û
  ³ ³ ³ ³ ³  ³ ³  ³ ÚÄ¿ ÚÙ   ³ ³   ÀÄ¿ ÚÄÙ  Gateway-RYE BROOK (914)934-8125  ³Û
  ³ÚÙ ÀÄÙ ³ ÚÙ À¿ ³ ³ ³ À¿   ³ ³     ³ ³				     ³Û
  ³ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ ÀÄÄÄÙ ÀÄÙ ÀÄÄÙ   ÀÄÙ     ÀÄÙ The French Connection (914)344-1255 ³Û
  ³ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿ ÚÄ¿   ÚÄ¿ ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿	       ÚÄ·  ÚÄ· ÚÄ·  ÚÄ· ÚÄ·  ÚÄ·    ³Û
  ³À¿ ÚÄ¿ ³ ³ ÚÄÄ¿ ³ ³ ³   ³ ³ ³ ÚÄÄÄÄÙ(tm)    Ô¸Ó·ÚÙÉ¼ Ô¸Ó·ÚÙÉ¼ Ô¸Ó·ÚÙÉ¼    ³Û
  ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ÀÄÄÙ ³ ³ ³ÚÄ¿³ ³ ³ ³ ÚÄÄ¿		Ô¸ÓÙÉ¼	 Ô¸ÓÙÉ¼	  Ô¸ÓÙÉ¼     ³Û
  ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ³ ÚÄÄ¿ ³ ³ ³³ ³³ ³ ³ ³ À¿ ³		ÚÙÉ¸Ó·	 ÚÙÉ¸Ó·	  ÚÙÉ¸Ó·     ³Û
  ³ÚÙ ÀÄÙ ³ ³ ³	 ³ ³ ³ ÀÙ ÀÙ ³ ³ ÀÄÄÙ ³	       ÚÙÉ¼Ô¸Ó· ÚÙÉ¼Ô¸Ó· ÚÙÉ¼Ô¸Ó·    ³Û
  ³ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ ÀÄÙ	 ÀÄÙ ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ	       ÔÍ¼  ÔÍ¼ ÔÍ¼  ÔÍ¼ ÔÍ¼  ÔÍ¼    ³Û
  ³					     NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO PERSONS ³Û
  ³						UNDER EIGHTEEN YEARS OLD.    ³Û
  ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙÛ
   ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß
     Dirty Dawg is PLEASED to offer the following story for your enjoyment:
     ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
     º	 STORY TITLE	  :"Daddy's Little Girl"			  ºÛ
     º	 BBS FILE TITLE	  :AMANDA01.ZIP					  ºÛ
     º	 CATEGORY/GENRE	  :Incest					  ºÛ
     º	 LEWDNESS LEVEL	  :Maximum				   1 of 6 ºÛ
     ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼Û
       ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß


 ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
 ³		     ÚÄÄÄ·  ÚÄ· ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄ· ÚÄÄÄÄÄ· ÚÄÄÄÄÄ·		       ³
 ³		     ³	 Ó· ³ º ³ ÖÄÄ¿ º ÀÄ¿ ÖÄ½ ³ ÖÄÄÄ½ ÚÄ·		       ³
 ³		     ³ Ç¿ Ó·³ º ³ º  ³ º   ³ º	 ³ ÓÄ·	 ÀÄ½		       ³
 ³		     ³ ºÀ¿ Ó´ º ³ º  ³ º   ³ º	 ³ ÖÄ½			       ³
 ³		     ³ º À¿   º ³ ÓÄÄÙ º   ³ º	 ³ ÓÄÄÄ· ÚÄ·		       ³
 ³		     ÀÄ½  ÀÄÄÄ½ ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄ½   ÀÄ½	 ÀÄÄÄÄÄ½ ÀÄ½		       ³
 ³									       ³
 ³									       ³
 ³									       ³
 ³This text file contains material of an adult, explicit SEXUAL nature. If you ³
 ³ are offended by sexually explicit content and language, then please DO NOT  ³
 ³  read this text file and remove it from your system. This first screen is   ³
 ³provided as a service to sensitive readers that do not wish to be exposed to ³
 ³			   sexually explicit material.			       ³
 ³									       ³
 ³  If you have downloaded this file of your own free will, or have come into  ³
 ³    posession of this information via another means, it is your personal     ³
 ³ responsibility to see that no one under the age of 18 reads this document,  ³
 ³    or has access to a system that can retrieve or display this material.    ³
 ³  Further, you are not to discuss it, the contents, or the descriptions it   ³
 ³		    contains to a minor under the age of 17.		       ³
 ³									       ³
 ³ Failure to do so, or to offer this material to a minor for either monetary  ³
 ³    consideration or not is a violation of the New York State Penal Code,    ³
 ³    Section 235.21, 'Disseminating indecent material to minors,' and is a    ³
 ³	     Class "E" Felony, punishable by a fine and a jail term.	       ³
 ³									       ³
 ³   This text file is a work of FICTION. All names, places, characters and    ³
 ³ situations are products of the author's imagination. Any similarity to any  ³
 ³ persons, places, indiviuals or situations is purely coincidental. In those  ³
 ³  cases where the text is presented as a "True Story," all names and places  ³
 ³	    have been changed to protect the privacy of the subjects.	       ³
 ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

 Safety Note :

     Several readers have commented that Dirty Dawg stories promote unsafe
     sexual practices, as none of the characters in these stories ever use
     condoms or any other forms of birth control.

     My reaction to this...accusation is twofold. Firstly, Dirty Dawg
     stories exist in a universe completely seperate from the one the
     rest of us currently inhabit. Dirty Dawg Adult Erotica is designed
     to facilitate a wonderfully complex, diverse and exciting fantasy
     world where all things are possible. Towards that end, AIDS, Herpes,
     and other forms of Sexually Transmitted Diseases (STDs) do not exist
     in this universe. Likewise, no one gets pregnant in Dirty Dawg
     stories unless they make a concious decision to. In an age where
     almost everything is bad for you, and sex has turned from a pleasurable
     activity into Russian roulette, it's nice to see a place where people
     can make love, have sex, and just plain fuck without having to stop,
     take a sexual history, and put a piece of rubber on to continue.

     To the critics that say that teaching unsafe sexual practices to
     children is a crime in and of itself, I say this: No one under the
     age of 18, (21 in the states where it applies,) should be reading
     this material under ANY circumstances. The only way material of this
     kind can fall into the hands of children is because of users too
     casual about what they keep on their computer, or who don't care
     what their children read. Perhaps even some of the blame rests with
     SYSOPs who don't validate users well enough. This is ADULT material,
     and any ADULT who has sex without a condom is risking his or her own
     life as well as the life of their partner.

     That said, let's continue with the story. Have fun, and please, if
     you have any comments, questions, suggestions, or just plain
     complaints, please don't hesitate to leave me mail where you got
     this story from. If I don't have a user account on the system that
     you obtained this story from, you can get me on the BBSs listed at
     the header of this file.

     Enjoy!





	The dream is always the same.
	I am on my knees, sucking his cock, feeling the turgid wamrth slide in
and out of my mouth, again and again, stretching my jaws until they ache with
pleasant exertion. I can't see his face, but I know who he is; or rather, I
know that I should know him...I just can't place his face. His thrusts are
harder and harder until he is gripping the sides of my head, slamming his cock
into me, into my mouth, his balls bouncing off my chin. The tremors start deep
inside him, rumbling through his body until he grips my head hard and explodes.
I pull his cock out of my mouth and feel his creamy warmth spraying across my
face, bathing my features with his slime. I lap at it happily, thrilling to the
feeling of his hot semen covering my face.
	But this morning, it was different. As I swam up through the hazy
layers of sleep, in that last moment of the dream that was still fantasy and
yet the beginning of reality, I finally looked up, locking my green eyes with
his, and this final time...I can see his face.
	Daddy.
	Smiling down at me, grinning at the wonderful blowjob his daughter has
just given him. My eyes snapped open, and I could feel the moistness between my
legs. I thrust a hand into my panties and frigged myself off, coming in quick,
shuddering waves that left me breathless. At least twice a week, sometimes more,
I had the dream. And every time I woke up moments from climax, a small touch of
my clit was all I needed to send me over the edge into orgasmic ectasy.
	But this morning was different. This morning, I was going to finally
make the fantasy into reality. Swinging my feet over the edge of the bed, I
stared at myself in the full-length mirror that covered my closet. I could
still see the slimy spot in the middle of my panties, and my erect nipples
throbbed almost painfully. If only Daddy would walk in now, I thought. Then
he would see what a sexy sight this is, and he would be powerless to stop
himself from throwing his body on top of mine and thrusting that log between
my willing thighs and ride me through the crests to orgasm.
	But, I thought, standing, if Mohammad won't go to the mountain...
	I threw on one of Daddy's old button down shirts and changed my
panties. Staring at the mirror, I decided to add a little effect. I reached into
the crotch and pulled a few of my blonde cunt hairs out so they would peek
around the edges. Still not enough. I rubbed my nipples, exciting the hard
little nubbins until they were poking through the material of the shirt.
	Perfect.
	Daddy was in the kitchen, reading the Sunday paper. Since Mom had died,
Dad hadn't found a use for church, so we spent most Sunday's together.
	"You came in early last night, Amanda."
	"Yeah," I said softly, trying not to be to obvious that something was
bothering me.
	"What's a matter? Your date get too fresh?"
	Getting a bowl from the cupboard, I muttered, "I wish..." under my
breath. In truth, I had spent most of the night riding up and down on my
boyfriend's cock...but I didn't want Dad to know that. I wanted him to think
that something was wrong.
	"Hmmmm?" Daddy said, turning the page.
	"Nothing." I poured ceral into the bowl and added milk, then joined
Daddy at the kitchen table. I munched slowly, wishing that it was my Daddy's
balls in my mouth instead of Captain Crunch. I put a pout on my face and
kept eating. Sooner or later, he would notice, and then I would pounce.
	Finally, he put the paper down. "Something IS wrong, isn't it? You're
so quiet this morning. Did Danny get fresh last night?"
	I stood up and walked over to Daddy, and then sat on his lap, throwing
my arms around his neck. "No Daddy, quite the oppisite. He didn't even try to
kiss me! What's wrong with me? Aren't I good looking?"
	I looked into my father's eyes. His eyes drifted down to the part in
my shirt, seeing my braless, heavy breasts swaying under the material, their
hard nipples pushing at the shirt. Quickly, a little ashamed, he returned his
gaze to me.
	"No, Amanda, you're a beautiful girl."
	"Thanks, Daddy." I kissed him on the nose and made my move. Making as
if to get up, I felt Daddy's hands around my waist to hoist me to my feet. At
that moment, I faked slipping back into his lap. His hands slid up my body and
rested squarely on my breasts. His hands opened automatically and cupped my
heavy 36C breasts. His right thumb pressed over my left nipple.
	"Mmmmmm," I said, feeling the pleasure course through my body. "That
feels good, Daddy." For a moment, Daddy kept his hand on my breast, and then he
removed it, looking at me like a deer in the headlights of an onrushing car.
	"We shouldn't-" he started.
	I leaned down and kissed him, my hot little tongue sliding into his
mouth and curling around his tongue. I took his hand and slipped it into my
shirt, around my left breast. The contact between his hand and my breast was
electric. His hand suddenely gripped my tit, hard, and he was kissing me back,
using his tounge.
	Suddenely, he pushed me away. "No!" he said. "This is NOT right." I
grabbed his head with both my hands and kissed him deeply. He fought for a
moment, and then relaxed into my mouth. "Please, Daddy." I whispered. "Take
me, please."
	He still looked uncertain. I took his hand and placed it between my
legs so he could feel the liquid warmth trickling out of my overheated cunt.
	"Feel how wet I am for you, Daddy. Feel how much I want you." His hand
rubbed lightly over my panty-covered cunt and I shivered. "That feels wonderful,
Daddy. Play with me." Dad lifted me effortlessly onto the table and dove
between my wantonly spread legs, burying his face in my crotch. I thrust up,
slamming my hips into his face as Daddy slavered saliva over my crotch, soaking
the silk material of my panties.
	For five minutes Daddy ministered to my overheating cunt through my
panties, driving me wild. I was groaning and pulling on my nipples, feeling
the orgasm approaching. I was seconds away from a massive cum when my father
pulled his face away.
	"Noooo!" I screamed, reaching for his head. My father dodged my hands
and grinned wickedly at me. "Hold your horses, girl. I'm just taking your
panties off!" I relaxed and sat back as Daddy worked the wispy material down
my thighs and over my ankles. I kicked my legs wide apart and my father
stared into the gaping maw of my needy cunt.
	His kisses started at my knees and slowly worked their way up to my
cunt, stopping every few inches to kiss more of my thighs. Finally his tongue
was licking my outer lips.
	Daddy ate me expertly, knowing just when to apply pressure to my clit,
just when to spear his meaty tongue into my hole, when to suck the slime seeping
from my twat. I was slowly going into orbit. It wouldn't be long now!
	And then my father did something that I will never forget. His hands
had been clutching my buttocks as he feasted on my cunt. One hand left my cheek
and made its way in between, seperating the globes of my ass, searching out my
little pink bunghole. I had never played with my own asshole, and no one else
ever had, either. But my father wasn't shy. His middle finger rubbed back and
forth across the little puckered grommett, making me hotter and hotter. Then
he grabbed my clit with his lips and sucked, and at the same time, thrust a
finger deep into my shitter.
	I screamed into my climax, gripping his hair with both my hands and
rode his face through several peaks, shuddering with the intense pleasure
rocking my body.
	After three minutes of intense pleasure, I slowly came back to Earth,
still gripping my father's hair. I slowly let go, relaxing back against the
table in wonderment at my father's skill as a lover. He was much better than
I had ever imagined.
	He sat back and wiped the back of his hand across his mouth, an evil
gleam in his eyes. Our glances locked, and I could feel myself getting
aroused again. Suddenely, I wanted the dream to be real. I wanted to be on
my knees, in front of my Daddy, with his hard, throbbing cock down my
throat.
	I slowly came off the table and kneeled in front of him. His chinos
were strained to the limit by his erection. I kissed the lump in his pants
and slavered my tongue over the material. I was comitted to showing my Daddy
what a slut his daughter could be.
	"Daddy," I moaned. "I want to suck you. Do you want me to?" He gave a
gurgled gasp and thrust his crotch at my face. I could feel his cock fighting
to get out into the air, into my hot, wet mouth. And I wanted nothing more out
of life at that moment then to bury my face in Daddy's crotch.
	I opened his zipper and freed his cock. Seven inches of steel-hard
pink tubesteak, and it was all for me, his little sixteen-year-old daughter.
I held it reverently, looking at it like it was the stave of life. I licked up
one side and down the other, leaving as much hot, wet saliva as I could. My
hands massaged his balls, rolling the egg-shaped testicles in my hands gently.
	"Mmmm," I moaned. "It's so big and hard and hot. Do you know what I
want to do with this?" He gave a tortured gasp and thrust his hips at my
face. "Yes, that's right. I wanna suck it. I want you to let me suck your
dick."
	"Yeah," he gasped.
	"Say it, Daddy."
	"Suck it. Suck my dick."
	I reached out and licked his peehole with the tip of my little pink
tongue. "And when I'm done...will you come for me? Will you come on my face?"
	"Yes!" he groaned. Good enough. I opened my mouth and dropped my head
over his erection, burying every single inch of his hot hardness in the warm
sucking hole of my mouth. He gripped my hair this time and started face fucking
me, slamming the length of his turgid manhood into my hot, sucking mouth again
and again. My hands worked his balls like a gambler with a pair of crap dice,
feeling them tense and relax in my hands as he built to a climax. I knew this
first one was going to be fast and hard. As far as I knew he hadn't had sex
since my mother had died six months ago.
	"Gonna blow!" my father said, jerking his cock out of my mouth. I
glanced at him, my green eyes locking with his blue ones as hot cock spit his
load on me, covering my face with his hot, sticky load. I giggled and clapped
my hands, grabbing his dick and milking it, smearing his goo all over my face,
feeling his slimy gift cover my cheeks and chin.
	Gasping, Daddy stared at me as I licked the last few drops off of his
cockhead, smiling at him through a faceful of spoot.
	"You know what I want you to do to me, Daddy?"
	"What?" he gasped.
	"I want you to fuck me. Fuck me hard, like I'm your whore."
	Daddy growled and grabbed my shoulders, bringing me to my feet. He
stood and drove me against the kitchen wall, pinning me there. My legs went up
and around his waist. His cock was still hard; the natural lubrication from his
come coupled with the dripping slime coming from my own cunt made his entrance
into my sluthole a little easier than it might have been, but I still felt like
I had been split in two when he stuffed his incredibly fat member into my hot,
clutching little teenaged cunt. My back hit the wall with the force of his
penetration. I screeched and pulled him deeper inside me, grabbing at his ass
as he slam fucked me into the wall again and again. His hands tore at my shirt,
tossing it aside as he buried his face between my breasts, sucking on my
erect nipples, causing waves of pleasure to ripple up and down my body,
from my tits to my cunt and back again.
	He tired of this quickly and dropped me to my feet. He came up behind
me and pushed on my shoulders. How wicked! Daddy wanted to fuck me doggy style!
I loved it. I dropped to my kees, and then rested my weight on my shoulders,
reaching behind my to spread the cheeks of my tender young ass. I looked at
him over my shoulder; he was standing there, slowly stroking his dick as he
looked down to see his daughter on the floor, lewdly holding her asscheeks
apart so her Daddy could my spread open cunt.
	"Fuck me Daddy! Treat me like the slut I am!" Daddy dropped to his
knees behind me and grabbed my hips, seating his cock at my entrance. A moment
later I felt his hips shift, and then he was sliding that magnificant member
up my tightly clutching cunt. I clenched my internal muscles, and Daddy
groaned. I love fucking dog style, because no matter how many cocks I take,
I always feel extra-tight and hot in this position.
	Daddy started pumping his cock in and out of my overheated cunt. His
hands gripped my hips and pulled me back every time he thrust. I was getting
the fucking of my life from my own father, and I loved it! His hands moved up
my stomach to my wildly swinging tits, and he latched on to my big milkers,
pulling and twisting on my itchy nipples.
	I started seeing stars as I climbed closer and closer to another
explosive climax, and I could tell Daddy wasn't far behind. "Don't come inside
me!" I screamed. "I want to drink it! I want to wear it!" Daddy's fucking
pace increased, and I knew he was seconds away from blasting another delicious
load of his man goo, and I didn't want to miss a drop.
	I spun away from him, dislodging his cock from my cunt. He reared up
on his knees, and I scooted foward until my face was even with his throbbing
cock. I started jerking on it, leaning down to lick his balls.
	"Come for me, dammit!" I said. "Give me your slime!" Daddy grabbed my
head and forced his cock into my mouth. I slid my mouth wetly up and down his
cock a few times, and when I felt the tremors start in his balls I pulled his
dick out and let him paint my face again with his slimy, creamy warmth. His
seed flowed over my face again, covering me with his love and his warmth.
	"That feels so, good, Daddy!"

....to be continued. In our next episode, Amanda convinces her father to
invite some of his poker buddies over for a party. A party with Amanda as the
chief attraction. Look for AMANDA02.ZIP on better Adult BBS' everywhere!
