 
 Amateur Night 
 by 
 Pamela Lewis 
We first saw the sign on the "strip" as we headed towards the beach. The sign in front of the lounge said "Amateur Night-Mondays". Craig teased me that I should enter. It was said in a joking way that meant he would laugh it off if I did but also meant that he wished I might take it serious. I wasn't particular interested in showing my body to the world (at least not more than you could see in my bikini) so I laughed and we changed subjects. It was early on Saturday morning and the strip looked gaudy and lifeless in the sunlight. It needed the darkness of the night for its light to come on and bring it to life. All the people were either still home in bed or already staking their claims to sections of the beach.
Craig and I were staying at a nice place right on the beach. I was a little nervous since this was our first weekend together. We had been only dating about a month and a half and were just getting use to each other. Sex was just starting to get good as we learned each others likes and dislikes. This weekend was a big step for us. I had been looking forward to it since Craig had suggested it two weeks ago.
There is something so sensual about the beach...the hot sun warming, the pounding of the waves, wearing skimpy clothing, the night life of the bars, a strange bedroom where you don't have to clean up afterwards. I always over indulge all my appetites at the beach. I eat too much, drink too much...
We arrived at the hotel and checked in. Our room was high up in the hotel, overlooking the beach. As Craig set the bags in the room, I opened the sliding glass door to the balcony and stepped out. It was going be a beautiful sunny day. I couldn't wait to sit out on the beach. Craig disappeared into the bathroom and I swiftly changed into my bikini. It was a white strapless number cut high on the sides that really set off my tan and dark hair well.
Craig exited the bathroom as I was collecting my things for the beach (lotion, towel, glasses, book, etc). He let out a wolf whistle and I just laughed.
"That's worth the three hour drive alone!" , he said. He came up behind me as I continued to pack my things for the beach. His hands encircled my waist and I leaned back against him. The beach would still be there in another hour (or two?). His hands slid under the top and pulled it over my breasts. Both hands took a breast and started to fondle them. I purred. For two minutes we just stood there, him slowly fondling my breasts and  me leaning back against him. I could feel his bulge staring to grow against my backside. He was kissing my neck, and finally I turned around so that I could return his kiss.
"You definitely have too many clothes on for the beach", I said. "How do you ever expect to get a tan like that?" I started unbuttoning his shirt. He just stood there with his hands on my breasts while I unbuttoned his shirt and pants. I lowered his pants and he still did not make any move to let go of my nipples, which he was rolling between his fingers. "If I don't get some help, we'll never get you undressed" I told him. He reluctantly let go and I pulled the shirt off his shoulders and helped him step out of his pants.
We hugged, his hairy chest against my bare chest, and walked to the bed embracing. Craig fell back onto the bed with me on top. His hand entered the back of my bikini bottom and I lifted momentarily to allow him to remove the them. I reached down and pulled his jockey shorts down and off his legs. We kissed again as his hands went over my bottom and I reached for his cock.
He gasped into my ear, "Sit on my face." Not an invitation he would have to repeat twice, one of my favorite things is to be on top of a man's face, it gives me such a feeling of control and power. I waked on my knees up to the headboard and lowered myself on his tongue. I looked in my reflection in the mirrored wall over the headboard. In the background, I could see the ocean wave out over our balcony (we were up too high (23 floors) to see the beach or to worry about being seen from the beach). Craig's tongue soon had me dancing on his face. The room's temperature was swiftly rising from both the heat we were generating and the open door to the balcony. My reflection was covered with sweat as I continued to roll on his face. I had a few small orgasm and built to a large one. After I came back down, I rolled off his face (he did need to breath) and curled up by his side. His face was covered by my juices as he held me close.
Craig got up from the bed and walked to the balcony. He closed the door and turned the air conditioner on high. "You are just to hot to handle", he joked. "We have a nice view of the ocean from here. I hope we get to see it eventually up close." I could see that he needed relief from more than the heat. I got out of the bed and joined him in front of the sliding glass door. I put my arm around him and looked out at the ocean. I bent down and took his cock in my mouth. After a couple of licks, I dropped to my knees and started to take him into my mouth. His hands reached into my hair. After a few minutes, Craig said, "I didn't work you up and get you all wet for nothing. I want to take you right here on the carpet, where we can both look out at the ocean." I knew that this was Craig's way of being nice to me. He knows that I don't like to suck cock to completion. I  just have never developed a taste for sperm. I moved forward on my hands and knees to the edge of the glass. Craig dropped to his knees and slid his cock into me from behind. He leaned forward over my back and I could feel his breath on the back of my neck. He thrust and I tried to match his rhythm. He had been denied too long, and the pace quickly picked up. Each thrust, I would open my eyes out onto the ocean. When he would withdraw, I would close them again and back up trying to keep him inside. Soon, we both were reaching a crescendo.
Coming back to our senses, I shakily got up and returned to the bed. I picked up my discarded swimsuit. A quiet afternoon on the beach was a perfect prescription. I started to head to the shower but Craig stopped me, "Let's go down now."
"But I need to clean up first", I replied.
"But you look beautiful with that just fucked look. All the men will be so jealous of me. Besides, we can let the ocean clean us." Craig reached into his bag and pulled out his swim trunks. He looked worse then I did, with my dried juices still on visible on his face. I quickly slipped back into my bikini and brushed my hair. We grabbed our things and headed for the elevator. In the elevator, I could still smell our sex in the confined area. Part way down, the elevator stopped and a middle- aged couple joined us. The men kept sniffing around, not quite able to place the smell. When we got off, we both broke into laughter.
Reaching the beach, we set our towels and things down. The beach was already crowded and we ended up fairly far up it before finding a suitable spot. I noticed more than one male's head turn (and a couple female's as well) as we walked down the beach. Craig and I both ran into the ocean and splashed around. We swam out a little bit and rode a couple waves back in. I got out and toweled myself off and Craig wasn't far behind me. He helped rub the suntan lotion into my body and then I returned the favor. We laid out the rest of the afternoon.
Later, rested, showered, and refreshed, we went out to dinner and than to hit the clubs. I just love to dance and the drinks and the music kept flowing. At 1:30 a.m., we were still going strong. The dancing and the drinks were making me hot, so I did not object when Craig suggested a moonlit walk on the beach. It was quite bright out that night,being near the full moon. We walked arm in arm. We could see that we weren't the only ones with that idea as there were other couples walking down the beach. Craig suggested skinny dipping and I punched him (lightly) in the stomach. I was slightly drunk but I wasn't that drunk.
Instead we headed for a sand dune. But once again, we had not been alone in the thought. We heard moaning coming from behind some brush. Craig put his hand over my mouth before I could speak and guided me down onto the  sand. We crawled to the rise of the dune and looked over. There was a couple in the middle of the act. She was on her back in the sand with her legs spread, he was in between them pumping furiously away. They were not far from the point of no return. She was a cute blond who was very young. She had her dress hiked up to her waist. Her blouse was open and her bra and panties rested on the sand next to them. He was tall, very young too, and had a medium size cock. He had his pants and shorts pulled down to his knees and was busy pumping her and grabbing her breasts. She was the one we had heard moaning as she continued to "ohh" and "ahh". Craig had lain down next to me and his hand reached into my blouse (I hadn't worn a bra that evening). I was getting quite flushed, watching their illicit act. The boy's groan joined the girl's and with one final thrust he came to rest upon her. Craig had unbuttoned my shirt most the way down and was working on my pants. His hand slid into my panties and he could tell how excited I was. I could feel him rubbing his bulge against my leg and knew that the show had affected him too. The girl buttoned up her blouse and pulled on her panties as the boy pulled his pants back on. She did not bother to replace the brassiere, instead slid it into a small bag that was off to her side. They rose and walked off hand in hand.
Craig said, "I want you now, right there!" We slid down the dune from our vantage point and took the spot so recently vacated. I lowered my pants and removed my already unbuttoned blouse. Jack had dropped his pants and was raising his shirt over his head. I pressed my body against him and our mouths joined as the shirt cleared his head. I pushed him down to the ground on the exact spot the couple had lain. There was no need for preliminaries. I was already soaking. I grabbed his dick and guided it straight into my pussy. I like being on top (especially when it means not getting sand all over myself) and was soon riding away. I tried to keep our volume down, considering the noise that had attracted us in the first place, but Craig was being no help, repeating "Oh yeah" over and over.We did not last long and soon I collapsed on top of Craig, both of us spent.
Craig whispered in my ear, "I think we have company too!" I heard giggling and looked up the dune. A couple of young (early teens) boys were up there getting an eyeful. I blushed deeply and quickly grabbed my blouse and slacks. I dressed quickly, forgoing my panties as they had disappeared in the sand. Craig dressed and tried to comfort me. The young boys had scurried away, realizing they had been found out. By the time we had walked back to the car, I was not really upset about having put on a show. The more I thought of it, the more I thought how I had enjoyed the show put on for us. We returned to our room. After a quick shower, we fell into a blissful sleep.
I woke Sunday morning to a glorious feeling. Craig  was between legs, lightly tonguing my pussy. I kept my eyes closed and just enjoyed the sensations in a half awake, half asleep state. He tongued me for over fifteen minutes before my moaning gave me away. I finally opened my eyes and watched him continue his work. I said, "Now!" and he rose above me. Where the other sex had turned into raw animal passion, this was slow, unhurried lovemaking. He slid into me gently. We kept up the slow pace for over a half hour. Almost imperceptibly, the pace picked up. Finally, we both came and just laid in each others arms. What a way to awake.
It was already noon before we left the room. We grabbed a bite to eat and went back to the beach. Later, we walked by the dune that we had used last night. Craig held my hand tight.
Sunday evening, we went out to eat again (we had a three day weekend so we wouldn't have to head back until Monday evening). I had on a white halter dress. Craig was being most attentive. At the restaurant, his hand slid under my dress and he caressed my thighs. I was having a hard time eating my salad as his finger wormed under my panties and entered me. He would discreetly remove his hand from under my dress whenever the waitress approached. After she cleared the salads away, I excused myself and went to the ladies room. I could plainly see how flushed I looked in the mirror. I removed my soaking panties and put them in my purse. Craig rose when I returned to the table and helped me with my seat. Sitting, his hand quickly discovered the reason for my little trip and his face lit up with a smile. After dinner had been cleared away (I can't even remember what I had!), the waitress asked if we would like dessert. Craig teases me by not removing his hand for her final visit and said that we were going to go somewhere else for dessert.
When we got in the car, Craig's hand once again slipped up my dress. My excitement was overpowering. I just wanted release. I could smell myself in the confined space of the car as he drove. His fingers kept teasing my clit, but always stopping short of giving me release. I was tempted to reach down and finish myself off. Craig pulled the car into a parking lot. I looked up expecting to see the hotel, and was surprised to see that we were near the edge of the strip. He had driven us back to the strip joint that we had seen as we drove in. I didn't particularly want to go in, in fact, all I wanted was to go back to the room and fuck.
"What are we doing here?' I asked.
"I thought that since you had stimulation all night, now it was my turn." he replied.
"I don't want to go in there, I want to go back to the room." I whined.
"Why do you want to go back there when the night is still young?", he teased. He wanted me to say it.
"I want you to fuck me, fuck me hard and often NOW!"  I answered.
"But what about me? You've had all night to get hot and bothered and I want to have a little fun now." he said.
"I'll do anything you want as long as you take me back to the room NOW!" I was running out of patience.
"Anything?" he teased.
"Anything!" I replied.
"Okay, but I want you to do something special for me." he gave me an evil grin. I was to hot to notice and just nodded my head. He started the car and headed back to the hotel. "I want you to help me live out a fantasy. I want you to enter that amateur contest tomorrow night." he said. I was almost shocked back to reality. But I decided to promise him anything, whether I would actually do anything was another story. His hand had once again slid up my dress and was stroking me.
"Okay, I'll do it, just give me relief." I told him. He picked up the pace a bit and I finally came. But he kept working his finger in and out.
When we arrived back at the hotel, I was ready to come again. He pulled his hand out though. We walked to the elevator. I could see a stain on the front of my dress. I couldn't believe how hot and bothered I was, especially after having had so much sex that weekend. Luckily, we didn't run into anyone. When we entered the elevator, Craig pulled his zipper down and ordered me to suck him. I obediently dropped to my knees and pulled his cock out. I engulfed the head with my mouth, unconcerned that it was a glass elevator (the glass was smoked so it was unlikely anyone could have seen anything anyway). Craig may have talked a good game, but he was not totally unaffected by our night out. He was rock hard. When we reached our floor, we quickly ran to the room (Craig didn't even zip back up).
Craig was all over me as soon as the door closed. We didn't even remove our clothing. I just hiked my skirt and Craig later untied my halter to get access to my breasts. Craig dropped his pants and undershorts to the floor and pulled me down to the carpet. He entered me hurriedly, as I raises my legs over his head onto his back. This was exactly what I needed. He pumped furiously into me. It reminded me of he couple we had witnessed the night before. I came and kept coming. Craig finally shot deep into me and we both just laid spent on the floor.
Craig started to harden in my pussy. "what are you thinking about?" I teased him. His cock throbbed within me and he started to stroke again.
"You, and how great you'll look up on the stage tomorrow." he replied.
"What makes you think I will do it?" I asked.
"You wouldn't go back on your word, besides, its a long walk home" he kidded (at least I hoped he was kidding). He rose up, helping me to my feet, never  disengaging. We carefully walked to the bed and then laid down on it. It was a much slower pace then our previous frenzy. When we had finished, we fell asleep in each others arms.
I awoke with a similar sensation to the morning before. Craig was once again between my legs and I was already starting to juice. We made slow love again and drifted back to sleep. We finally arose from bed after 1:00 p.m. and ate. Craig suggested that I call the office and take another day, so that we might further enjoy tonights experience. I had been hoping he might drop that.
"I'm not to sure I really want to go through with that" I said, hoping he would let me bow out gracefully. Things were going pretty well between us and I didn't want to screw them up too badly.
"But you promised. I think that you will enjoy it. You certainly have enjoyed all the stares on the beach, and on the dance floor the other night. You were excited by watching that couple and I bet if you are really willing to admit it to yourself, that you were excited having those two boys watch." he argued.
It was true, I do like the stares, whether it be at the beach or on the dance floor. I wasn't too sure about the two boys watching us, however, I had certainly enjoyed the show the couple put on.
"I'm not saying I will do it, but another day would be fun." I conceded.
"As long as you are not saying that you definitely won't" he said with a smile. Craig and I both called our offices and took an extra day. We returned for another day on the beach. Craig was very attentive, occasionally slipping his hands into my suit. I kept pushing him away as I wanted to rest and I knew I couldn't think straight with an itchy pussy.
As the sun began to set, I knew I was running out of time. Craig joined me in the shower and immediately dropped to his knees and buried his face in my mound. He certainly was not going to make it easy for me. I dressed for dinner in blue jeans and a blouse (I wasn't going to make it as easy as the night before for him either. I even wore a bra!). We ate at a nice seafood place. Craig tried to keep pouring liquor into me but I paced myself. I had been thinking about what he had said. I had a fantasy about being a stripper, but I wasn't sure I wanted to turn it into reality. I figured that the lounge would be dingy, the women slutty, and the men would all have beer guts.
After dinner, Craig looked at me expectantly. "I'll go look, but I won't decide till later." I said. He grinned and hurriedly drove us to the lounge. At the entrance, a bouncer told us about the cover charge. He asked if I was interested in competing for the $500.00 prize. Craig said that I might be but we wanted to check it out. He said that we needed to check in with the  manager at the bar by 10:00 if I wanted to enter. He explained that the competition did not start till 10:30, and that the regular girls worked before that.
The room was semi dark and the music was loud. I clung to Craig instinctively as we entered the room filled with men. I could see just a couple of women in the crowd. It was not dirty or seedy. The men were mostly young, and only a few looked like they should be driving around in pickup trucks with gun racks. We worked our way to the bar and I could just barely see the stage area between all the men (there must have been over 300 of them!). The stage was well lit from track lights that hung down similar to the disco we had been to on Saturday night. No one was on the stage and most of the men were milling about. Waitresses scurried about (fully clothed, but in short cocktail outfits). We found a small table for two at the bar when two men got up and left. We could see the stage. Although not the best sits in the house, they would certainly be adequate for our needs. A waitress came to our table almost immediately and took our order. This wasn't too bad but I didn't want to be too clear headed if I was going to go through with this. The waitress swiftly returned with the drinks and Craig ordered another round.
We both swiftly drank the first and the second had just arrived when the stage lights dimmed. We could barely see the curtain move and then a spot light came on. A very well built blonde was on the stage. She was dressed in a dark blue velvet dress and was wearing matching gloves that ran past her elbows. She had a matching set of pumps on her feet. The room momentarily hushed in anticipation. The music came on loud. It had a disco style beat. The girl started moving on the stage. She danced down the runway and back. She was not bumping or grinding, no pelvic thrusts or anything. She looked like she was just dancing like I might. Then she pulled one glove off, and then the other. She threw them to the back part of the stage out of reach. She turned her back too the crowd and lowered her hands to the hem of the skirt. She slowly raised it up her body and finally took it over her head. She turned and faced the crowd. She had on matching black bra, panty (more of a g-string), and garter belt set. She danced around the runway and returned to the back part of the stage. She turned her back to the crowd once again. The straps of her bra fell down her arms. Her bra must have had a front hook because she pulled both cups to her sides. The crowd hooted and hollered as she threw the bra aside. She turned around and we could see her large breasts. She had very large pinkish nipples. She danced around the runway and shook her chest at the men. Again, she returned to the back of the stage. Her back once more turned to the audience, she unsnapped her g-string and threw it to the side. The crowd was really getting loud. She turned and faced the audience. Her pussy lips 
were completely shaven and she had a small blond thatch over her pussy. She took her time dancing around the runway, pausing in front off men so they could get a closer look. She danced some more in the middle of the stage as the music came to an ending. She took a bow as the crowd applauded enthusiastically. She grabbed her clothes and went behind the curtain. She came back twice for curtain calls.
The next dancer was tall and dark haired. She was well built (but not as well built as the blond had been) and had a dark tan. Her dance was similar and soon she was down to a white g-string (she had been dressed all in white). After she removed it, I was intrigued to see that she too had her pussy lips shaven. She had her remaining hair cut into the shape of a heart. Also, here tan did not have any lines in it. She looked incredible. Craig was obviously enjoying the show (my hand reached into his lap and found him solid). It was getting close to 10:00 and decision time.
Craig asked, "Well, do you want to give it a try?"
"I don't know, there are so many men." I replied.
"But you don't know anyone here, you'll probably never meet any of these people again." he countered.
"Good point, Promise you won't tell anyone ever." He quickly nodded his head. He signaled our waitress, and when she came, he ordered another round and asked her if she could send the manager over so I could sign up for the contest.
The manager was late thirties, early forties, with a slightly receding hair line. "Great, now do you want to join the contest?" I shook my head yes. "Okay, now I need to double check your I.D. again (we had been carded as we entered). I showed him my driver's license. "Looks okay, now here is an application. Fill it out and I'll take you back stage. You won't be allowed back stage (he had turned to Craig) though. One of the girls will help you get set. We have extra costumes and they'll explain the rules and tricks. There are five other girls tonight and they are already back there getting ready. You'll go on last to give you time to complete the form and get ready. I'll be back in a minute to pick this up and take you back there." He left the table and talked with the bartender.
The application was pretty straight forward. It just wanted basic information (name, address, etc.). Most of it was taken up with a disclaimer relieving the bar of any responsibility for about anything that might happen. My hand shook as I signed it.
The manager returned and I handed him the form. I left Craig and followed the manager back stage. Some of the men turned and looked as we walked to the door. Another girl was on so they didn't look long. Backstage were a couple of small rooms. The first, he called it the costume room, had three racks of exotic looking clothes. The tall brunette (with the heart shaped hair)  we had watched earlier put her head in the door. She was wearing a plain white robe.
"Shelly, I want you to meet Pamela, she's going to be in the contest tonight. Do you think you can get her set up?" the manager asked.
"Okay Gene, when does she go on?" she replied.
"She'll be last so you'll have a little time." the manager said as he headed out the door.
"Hi, you a little bit nervous?" Shelly asked. I nodded. "Don't worry, you'll do alright. They will like you." she said looking me up and down. "Let's find something good for you to wear. What's your best color?"
I replied, "White" as we stepped in front of the racks.
"I thought so, its one of my favorites too. It highlights a tan so well.", she said.
"Your's is certainly nice . It must come from living at the beach.", I said.
"Yes, I know a nice little private beach.", Shelly commented.
"I'd love to go there sometime. Where is it?" I asked.
"Sorry, its tough to find and you have to have permission to go there.", she replied. " Now we have to get started. We start at the end and work backwards." she said as she opened a drawer on a chest. "Here's a garter belt, some stockings a g-string. The belts adjustable and the g-string has velcros so it can adjust to most any size. It also makes it easier to take off." Shelly said demonstrating how both sizes could be release in the air. "What size bust are you?" she asked.
"34C" I replied.
She opened another drawer and started searching through bras. She finally pulled a white one out and handed it to me. "It hooks in the front to make it easier. Now change into this and we'll find something to go over it." I started taking my clothes off. "When you get out there, make sure you smile. Dance all you want and have fun with it. The crowd picks the winner and they can tell if you are just going through the motions. Make sure you are at the back of the stage when you take anything off. That way you can throw back to side and it won't disappear into the crowd. Anything you throw to the crowd, Gene will make you pay for. Also, be careful you don't get to close to the edge. We once had a girl who fell into the crowd. Not a pretty sight."
I had taken off my blouse and bra and was about to put the white bra she had picked out for me on. "Hang on one minute. A little lip gloss well help highlight your nipples." Shelly handed my a jar from one of the tables. I stood in front of a mirror and applied some brown gloss to each nipple. "Let me help you with the bra. If you don't get it on right, it'll rub the gloss all over and they would look worse". She helped line the lacy, semi sheer bra up as I put it on. "Now you are not allowed to  let anyone touch out there. We'd lose our liquor license." I was actually relieved to hear that. I had taken my shoes off and was removing my jeans. I had piled the clothes on an empty spot on the dressing table.
"You'll have about five minutes so don't go too slowly. But don't take it all off too quickly either. I can't teach you pacing in time but we will have someone in the wings who will yell out the time remaining in minutes. Don't count on be able to hear them though. If you are doing it right, the crowd will drown her out." I had slid the g-string on and had adjusted the belt. I slid the white stockings up my legs and connected them.
"Stick to the basics. Don't try anything fancy. I'd leave the stockings and garter belt on. Some girls try to take them off too, but it takes up too much time and it takes practice to make it look graceful." I stood up.
"Okay, lets find something to go over that. I know just the thing." Shelly disappeared behind one of the racks and came back with a silk white night shirt. "The lights work so well on this. All you have to do is unbutton it down too. No muse your hair taking something over your head."
Suddenly, an especially loud roar came from the crowd. "They must be starting." Shelly said looking over her shoulder into the hall. I had been a little self conscious of the open door as I changed, but had only seen an occasional women pass by (including the girl who had been on stage when I came back stage. She had passed by still naked, carrying her clothes.). I put the silk night shirt on and buttoned it up. The music resumed outside so the first contestant was probably on stage. My stomach flip flopped.
Shelly must have noticed my tenseness. "Relax, you'll do great. If you feel yourself freezing on stage, just look up into the lights. Then you won't be able to see anyone. No one is going to force you to do anything you are uncomfortable with. Lets go to the dancer's lounge and wait."
Shelly handed me a short robe which I rapped around myself. We exited the room (I was glad I had left my purse with Craig). As we walked down the hall Shelly said, "Don't let the other girls intimidate you. A couple of them do this fairly regularly, trying to win the money. Its actually tougher for them as the men like new faces."
We entered another room. It had mirrors and dressing tables along one side and a couple of old couches. There was also a small wet bar to one side. Shelly took me there and poured me a glass of white wine. There were four other girls in the room, all wearing robes. The girl who had been on stage and that I had seen walking down the hall naked, was now robed and sipping a drink and smoking a cigarette at one of the dressing tables. 
Three girls were sitting on a couch. Shelly took me to the couch and said, "Hey girls, we got another entrant. This is Pamela."
I said hello to each of my three competitors (the other was already on stage). The first, an unbelievable good looking blonde with a big chest introduced herself as Lisa. They must have had to check her I.D. twice as she looked no more than eighteen. She had on a black wraparound skirt and a silk blouse. It was obvious that she had a black bra underneath. The second girl was a mid thirtyish brunette who looked a little out of place. Her name was Ellen. She was not particular well built and was a bit hippy. She looked really nervous and her drink shook in her hand. I was willing to bet she was a housewife on vacation whose husband had put her up to this. She was dressed in a blue dress that had a zipper down the front. The third girl looked to be in her mid twenties. Her name was Karen. She had light brown hair and a tight body. She had a red teddy on and red stockings.
Shelly took me over to the remaining dressing table and helped me with my make-up. The blonde that Craig and I had seen first, popped her head in the door. "Okay Karen, your up." Karen rose and followed the blonde out of the room.
A minute latter the crowd noise rose. The first contestant must have finished. A moment later, a petite blond entered the room, wearing a robe and carrying her clothes. She set the clothes down (some sort of pink dress) and grabbed a drink. She said "hi" to Shelly but ignored me.
Shelly whispered, "That's Elizabeth, she one of the regulars I told you about. The other one is Lisa. Lisa nice but stay away from Elizabeth. She likes to play mind games."
Ellen was looking more nervous. She was to go on next. She had put down her drink and was tightly holding her hands together.
Shelly finished up with my make up and stood back to admire the results. "Beautiful! Okay your going on last. After your done, pick up your clothes and come back stage. All the girls will be waiting for the judging. We will give you a minute to put the panties back on. Then put the robe back on and all of you will go back on stage. They will hold the judging. Usually, when they call your name, you step forward and open your robe. You don't have to because the judging will already be over, but most everyone still dose it. Take a bow and return to the line. They then announce the runner ups and the winner. The winner is expected to dance for another couple of minutes, and then gets presented the check. The other contestants move back stage. Any prize money for runners up is presented when they are announced. Only the winner waits until after her encore. Once back stage, everyone is free to dress and leave.  Your welcome to hang out back here if you want but no men are allowed back stage. We'll be at it until two. Sometimes, if someone been really good, and they want to do it again, Gene lets them dance a regular set with us." Shelly said.
The blonde put her head in the door and called Ellen. Ellen shook as she rose and walked like she was headed to the gallows out of the room. The blonde gave a nod to Shelly.
"Okay, I've got to go help Teri. Are you going to be all right?" Shelly asked.
"I think so." I responded. I was beginning to feel a little more relaxed.
"Good luck. Okay Lisa, I don't think Ellen is going to last to long. Why don't you come out to the wings just in case." The two girls left. I went over to the bar to freshen my drink.
Karen entered the room, blushing and looking quite flush. She had on her robe and had a red pile of clothes in her hand. She dropped them on the couch and went straight for the bar.
"How did it go?" I asked as I poured her some wine and refilled my glass.
"Great! They were yelling and clapping. I couldn't believe how excited I was." Karen's voiced cracked as she spoke. She took a gulp of the wine and sat down. I was wondering if she was going to faint.
The crowd noise had dropped off and the music had stopped. It was too soon for Ellen to be done. The crowd cheered and the music started up again. A minute later, Shelly came in.
"Pamela, you're next. Wait a couple more minutes and then go out to the wings and wait with Teri. Good Luck!" she said.
"What happened to Ellen?" I asked.
"She got about half way through and froze. Don't worry, you'll do great! Lisa will have the crowd all warmed up for you." Shelly said. Looking at the other two girls she added, "Get ready for the judging."
Elizabeth reached over to clothing pile and pulled out sheer white panties. She stepped into them and pulled them up her legs. As she pulled them up, I caught a glimpse of a completely shaven pussy. Karen had put down her drink and was rummaging through her pile. She pulled out a red g-string, similar in design to the one I was wearing (velcros on both sides). She pulled it under her robe and fit them on.
I decided to use the bathroom quickly before I went on. I had a good bit to drink and didn't want to have any accidents. I went into the small bathroom that adjoined the room. I decided to test the g-string and pulled both sides, just as Shelly had shown me. It came apart in my hands just like it was suppose to. I finished and walked out to the hall. Teri signaled me to join her at the end. I walked down the hall. In the  costume room, I saw Shelly trying to comfort Ellen who was crying. I hurried along to Teri.
Teri shouted onto the stage, "Two Minutes." I looked out behind the curtain. The crowd had grown and they were cheering Lisa on. I looked onto the stage and saw Lisa. She was just returning to the back part of the stage from the runway. She was down to her black panties. She came over to us and pulled the curtain around the lower part of her body. Her hand swiftly pulled the panties down and she threw them over her shoulder onto the stage where the men could see them. A big cheer went up and she turned her back on the crowd and danced out to the middle All the crowd could see was her behind but Teri and I had the perfect view of her front. Lisa had firm, large breasts with big pink nipples. She had a pink pussy with a fine patch of blond pubic hair. She was unbelievable. She turned and faced the crowd. The men went wild. She danced up the runway, gyrating her hips and give the men a good view. Teri shouted, "One minute!", but the crowd noise was probably drowning it out. I had been feeling more relaxed, even excited. But now my stomach was tight and new fears were entering my mind. I wasn't sure now that I really could go through with it. The music came to an end and Lisa stopped dancing.
"The Lovely Lisa, lets give her a big hand for coming out here tonight." a microphoned voice said. The crowd cheered as Lisa took a bow. The stage lights went out and she quickly retrieved her clothes from the stage and headed for us.
"Great show!" Teri said as Lisa came backstage. Lisa took her robe from a hook behind us and put it on.
"Thanks, they're ready tonight." she replied.
"Hand your robe up and get ready, they are about to announce you." Teri told me. I put the robe on the hook.
"Good Luck." Lisa said as she headed back down the hall.
"Go get them", Teri said as she gave me a small boost out on the still dark stage.  I stepped to the center. The moment of truth had arrived.
The announcer was talking about a promotion that was upcoming at the bar. "And now an accountant who has some interesting figure to show us, let's give a big welcome to Pamela!" The music stared and then the lights came on, blinding me. The men roared. I started dancing, swaying my hips to the beat. The satin white night shirt shimmered in the lights. I took Shelly's advice and looked into the lights, losing myself in the music. I worked my way down one side of the runway. I saw Craig sitting at the table at the bar. He caught my eye and started to clap. He was the vision of lust. I turned my back to him and inched up the night shirt so my g-string covered (or should that be uncovered) behind was visible. I shook it at him and the men nearest the stage went wild. I worked my way back to the stage. I reached up  and unbuttoned the top button on the shirt. The I reached down and unbuttoned the bottom button. I alternated between top and bottom until only one was left. "Four Minutes!", I heard Teri in the wings. I teased the men by alternately opening the bottom and then the top of the nightshirt. They could just get glimpses of the white underwear beneath. I unbuttoned the last button and pulled the shirt open. The men cheered. I danced the length of the runway with the shirt wide open and returned to the back of the stage and deposited it on the floor. I was beginning to really get into it. The men cheering and screaming was feeding my ego. I decided it was time to be bold.
As I danced down the runway again, I could barely hear Teri shout the three minute warning. I decided to forgo Shelly's advice on taking my clothes off at the back part of the stage. In the middle of the runway. I reached to the front of the white, lacy, push-up bra and unhooked it. I held the cups in place as I let the straps fall down my arms. I released the right cup and pulled the bra completely off, exposing my breasts. The men were cheering loudly. I looked in their faces and could see their smiles and leers. Surprisingly, Ii was turning me on. I shook my breasts at first one side of the room, and then the other. I looked up to see Craig and shook them one more time in his direction. It looked like he was really enjoying the show. I danced to the back of the stage and deposited the bra on top of the night shirt. As I looked off in th wings, I could see that the other girls had joined Teri. Shelly was there, having changed into a black dress. There was no sign of Ellen though. I turned and faced the crowd, swaying my hips. I ran my hands under my breasts and pushed them up towards the crowd.
Heading back down the runway, I heard Teri shout "Two minutes!" In the middle of the runway, I reached to both sides of my hips for the velcros fasteners on the g- string. I pulled, being careful to keep the cloth in front of me blocking their view. The string fell off my back and I turned, shaking my naked bottom to all the men. I then pulled the g-string high in the air, exposing everything to the world. The men were cheering more loudly than before. I danced and gyrated down the runway, waving the g-string wildly overhead. I returned to the back of the stage and threw the g-string with the rest of the discarded clothes. I put my arms behind my head and danced down the runway once more. I could feel my pussy juicing and wondered whether that was visible to the men. I did not have to wonder about my chest though, as the nipples were quite obviously erect.
As I was dancing back up the runway to the stage, the music came to an end. I guess the crowd had drowned out Teri's one minute warning. I walked back to the stage quickly. "The pretty Pamela! What a show! Let's give her a big round of applause." the announcer said. I  turned away from the men and bowed, showing off my bottom, then I turned and bowed facing them. The were clapping and shouting.
The lights went out and I bent over and picked up the clothes. I walked to the wings where all the girls were waiting in their robes.
"Great show!" Teri said.
"Yeah, you were hot!", Lisa added.
"Super!", Karen said.
Elizabeth gave me a dirty look. Shelly came up and hugged me, "You did great, are you sure you have never done this before?" It felt funny to be hugged by a woman while I was still naked and I didn't want them to see how excited I was. Her dress felt good against my bare breasts though. I reached down through the clothes and pulled out the g-string. I quickly guided it between my legs and fastened it on my sides. Shelly handed me the robe. The stage lights came back on.
"We've got the results, now if the ladies will just return, we can crown our winner." the announcer said to the room. All four of us filed out back onto the stage. I was the last one out. The crowd cheered loudly. "Our lovely contestants folks! Contestant number one, Elizabeth!" She dropped the robe and stepped forward to the cheers of the crowd. So much for just opening her robe as Shelly had explained to me. She took a couple of bows and fondled her breasts. She had small but firm breasts topped with dark brown nipples. "Contestant number two, Karen!" Karen, not to be outdone by Elizabeth, dropped her robe to the floor and stepped forward to the delight of the crowd. Her breasts were larger and she had larger pink nipples. She shook her breasts to the men's applause. Karen's body was extremely tight and she looked like she must work out a great deal. "Contestant number four, Lisa!" (I guess they were not going to make any mention of Ellen) Lisa dropped her robe too. She definitely had the biggest breasts of the group (I think mine might have come in second, but Karen's were awfully close). She took her bows and returned to the line. I started untying my robe. "And contestant number five, Pamela!" I stepped forward and ran my hands up my breasts as though to present them to the men. I took a couple of bows and stepped back into the line. I had really enjoyed the men's enthusiastic response.
"I know with such beautiful contestants, its hard for tonights judges to make a choice. All these women are winners and will receive prizes. But we are now ready to announce the winners. Our first runner up, winner of a gift certificate for a new swim suit from "The Teenie Weenie Bikini Shop", and a cash prize of one hundred dollars is.." the announcer paused to build up anticipation "Pamela!"
I couldn't believe it. I had come in second! The men cheered and Lisa reached over and hugged me, her bare  chest rubbing against mine. Shelly had come out of the wings put a sash over me. She hugged me and gave me a kiss on the cheek.
"Congratulations!" She handed me the gift certificate, a one hundred dollar bill, and a small batch of flowers. "Walk down the runway and wave", Shelly told me.
I took the flowers in my hand and walked down, waving to the cheering men. It might not be the Miss America pageant, but I felt proud.
As I returned to the line the announcer said, "And tonights winner of the grand prize, a gift certificate for a new swim suit from "The Teenie Weenie Bikini Shop, a free makeover including hairstyling and a pedicure from the "House of Lenora", a dinner for two at the "Beachcomber" and five hundred dollars in cash is.." once again he paused, "Lisa!" She squealed and leaned over and hugged me again. The she hugged Karen. Shelly placed a sash on her and handed her flowers and the money. They hugged too. Shelly signaled to us to file off the stage so I led the way to the wings. Teri congratulated me as Karen and I joined her in the wings. Elizabeth stormed off down the hall. I guess she was a bad loser. Shelly came back stage as the music started again. She had Lisa's flowers and money. You can't dance to well holding on to things.
Lisa was already dancing on stage. We watched her move. Since all she had on were here panties, it didn't take long for her to become nude. She danced a couple more minutes to the delight of the fans. She grabbed her panties, (Karen had thoughtfully brought Lisa's robe back with her) and came to the wings with us. Everyone hugged again. The men were chanting "Lisa, Lisa". She went back out and took a couple more bows. When she returned, she put her robe on. I still had my robe over my arm as I had my hands too full with flowers and the money to put it on. Shelly gave Lisa here flowers and prizes and we all went back to the room. The brunette that had been smoking in the room passed us going down the hall. She was headed towards the stage to do the next set.
Back in the room, we shared a celebratory drink. Elizabeth had already cleared out.
"I've got to go change because I'm up next." Teri said excusing herself.
"Anyone want to stay around and dance some more?" Shelly asked.
"I'll stick around for one more set.", Lisa said.
Shelly looked to Karen. "I don't know." Karen sort of squirmed. I knew how she was feeling. I had enjoyed putting on the show but there were now others needs that would need to be taken care of.
Shelly looked at me. Feeling playful I turned to Karen and joked, "I'll show you mine if you show me yours." After all, I hadn't gotten to see her show.
Karen laughed and said, "You're on, but can you let  us go on soon?"
"If you're in such a hurry, why don't you go on together?" Shelly suggested.
"I'm game if you are?" Karen said.
I wasn't to sure but decided to go along. "Okay", I said.
"Alright then, lets go to the costume room and see what we can find." Shelly suggested.
I told her that I would need to let Craig know what was going on. Karen said she wanted to let her husband know too. Shelly arranged for us to send a note. I wrote Craig that I had another surprise for him and that he had better be ready afterwards. Shelly took the notes and said that a waitress would deliver them.
As we entered the customer room, Teri was coming out in a leather biker outfit. Shelly told her what we were going to do and she said that we could go on after her. We returned the clothes that we had used before and started looking for something to wear. Shelly said she had the perfect choice and disappeared into a rack. She came back with two red and white pleated skirts and red sweaters with letters on them (FU, how original). "How about being cheerleaders?"
Karen and I both agreed. Shelly pulled out some red cotton panties. She also found two red push-up bras that had only half cups. She then went into the closet to find the pom-poms and find some shoes.
Karen took off her robe. I marveled at how tight and firm her body was. I got to aerobics class twice a week but she looked like she did it more regularly than that. "How do you keep looking so tight?" I asked her.
"I'm an aerobic instructor." she smiled. I should have guessed. She had a neatly trimmed mound of dark black pubic hair. Karen pulled her red panties up and picked up the bra. The red bra hooked in back and pushed her breasts up. It only covered the bottom half of the breast and the nipple was still exposed. I slipped my robe off and pulled the panties up. The red panties covered more of my behind then the g-string had. These didn't have the velcros fasteners so would have to be lowered down the legs. Karen had slipped the sweater over her head and pulled it down. It seemed a little small the outline of her nipples were clearly visible. The sweater had a plunging neckline that showed alot of cleavage. I tried the bra on and tried to arrange my nipples over he cups. Shelly emerged from the closet with two pair of red pumps and some red and white pom- poms.
"Hold on a second, I can see that you need your make up retouched." she said. I put the sweater back down and Shelly grabbed the jar of lip gloss.  She reapplied some to each nipple and tweaked them a bit. "If they are not already erect when you are about to go on, make sure you pull them till they are. That will make these outfits look even better." she explained. 
Karen said, "Teri never put make-up on my nipples, no wonder your tits looked so much better. Will you do it for me too?" Karen pulled the sweater up.
"You'll need a lighter color." Shelly said as she returned the jar of lip gloss to the table. She hunted through a couple more bottles and finally found a color she liked. She applied some to Karen's nipples.
"Ohh, that feels nice." Karen purred.
She pulled her sweater down after Shelly was through. I had pulled mine on. It felt about two sizes too small and was so tight, I wasn't sure I could breath. Shelly explained that was the only size they had and I would just have to make due. The skirts had been altered to include a velcros fastener along one side, so that they went on (and came off) like a wrap around skirt. By the time we had stepped into the pumps, we looked like two of the sluttyish cheerleaders.
We returned to the other room and poured another drink. Shelly stepped out to make the arrangements for our show. Karen helped me with my make-up and helped her with hers. We talked about some things and I found out that she lived in the same area as I did. We promised to exchange phone numbers and to double date.
"How do you want to do this?" I asked.
Karen replied, "You know what might be neat? I'll let you take off my clothes and I can take yours off." She looked excited. I had never had any experience with girls. Tonight had been the closest thing, what with Shelly putting make-up on my nipples, and giving and receiving hugs from the girls while partly nude. I must admit I was excited by the prospects of her touching me on stage. Besides, she was married and wouldn't get to carried away with an audience. I agreed. We work out a little bit of a routine and then Shelly returned. She told us that the regular shows were usually longer than five minutes, and that she had arranged for us to have more time.
We walked out to the wings. I was more excited than nervous, having already been out on the stage once. I felt I knew what to expect and was looking forward to going out there again. Teri was on stage, completely naked. The music ended and the crowd applauded. She took a couple quick bows and stage lights were extinguished.
I followed Karen on stage as Teri came off with her leather outfit in her hands.
"We have a special treat for you tonight. A couple of the ladies from our contest tonight have agreed to do an encore. Now to help boost your team spirit, Karen and
Pamela!" the announcer boomed.
The lights came up and a drum roll started. Instead of the usual rock & roll music, Shelly had arranged for some college fight songs. Karen and I marched to the middle of the runway. We dig a few jumps and kicks. The men were cheering. We kicked high so they could see the  panties under the skirts. We shook are pom-poms and are chests to the music. I leaned forward and Karen lifted my skirt so the men could see my panty covered bottom. She then did the same and I lifted her skirt. We linked arms and did some high kicks. We threw the pom-poms to the back of the stage.
Karen stepped behind me and her hands came around me. She slid her hands across my stomach and up toward my breasts. The she slid them back down and took the bottom of my sweater. I raised my hands straight in the air. She slowly slid the sweater up, her hands grazing against my bared skin. She pulled it over my head and threw at the back of the stage. I started to lower my arms but she told me to leave them up. Her hands came back to my belly. She slid them slowly up until they were resting on the half cups of the red bra. Her fingers slid up and pinched each nipple. The room had gotten suddenly quiet. The men were staring, most of them open mouthed, as she fondled my breasts on stage. I saw Craig. He was sitting there, open mouthed, obviously amazed and excited by what we were doing.
I lowered my arms and Karen stood back. I could see the lust in her eyes. She looked like she had completely forgotten she was onstage in front of a roomful of men. I was about to repeat what she had done to me but Karen reached out and pulled me to her in a hug. Our lips met. Her tongue entered my mouth. Her hands reached up for my breasts . I reached down and pulled her sweater up. We had to break the kiss as I pulled it over her head.
I whispered, "Don't forget we are not alone." That seemed to break her out of her trance. She released my breasts and stood back.
She went to one side of the runway as I went to the other, letting the men see our near naked chests. As we passed in the middle, Karen's hand reached out and grabbed my skirt. The velcros gave and the dress unwrapped from around my hips. I reached over and pulled hers. I took her skirt and walked to the back part of the stage. It joined the pile as did mine.
We danced on opposite sides of the runway again. I decided it was my turn for some fun. I snuck up behind Karen and unhooked her bra. I slid my hands under the cups and removed the half bra. My hands slid up to her breasts and I fondled them. They were already quite erect, and the soft skin felt great. I was quite wet and could feel Karen pushing her ass back against my crotch. Her hands reached around behind her and she placed them on my bottom, pulling my closer to her. I tried to break apart, and Karen grabbed my bra to stop me. She worked her hands along the strap till she came to the hook. She unhooked it. While she was putting my bra on the pile, I took the opportunity to head down the runway. Things were getting a little out of control. I didn't know if I could stop if we kept on teasing one another.
Karen caught up with me in the middle of the runway.  I turned towards her and she pulled me to her and we embraced. Her naked breasts rubbed against mine. Her hands slid down my back. They slid under the panties and onto my bottom. I allowed my hands to follow suit. She had tight buns, and the skin felt so soft.
"Okay, let's take them down together", Karen whispered. We both bent at the waist and started sliding each other s panties down, with our hands within them. When we had them down to the knees, we nearly tripped over each other. We both stood straight and let them drop down to our feet. Then we stepped out of them.
Karen faced the crowd on one side of the runway and I did the same on the other. It was time to let the men back into the act. We switched side and strutted down the runway. Karen came up behind me and her hand reached down for my mound. I humped my backside against her and could feel her pubic hair against my bottom. She slid her hand through my hair and reached my opening. Her fingers pulled the lips apart exposing the pink inside for the men to enjoy. The music stopped (we really hadn't been using it for some time anyway). I knew Karen could feel how hot I was. My hands reached back for her pussy. She was wet too.
She stepped back. I guess we both realized how quiet the room had gotten. They started another song (back to rock & roll) but the spell had been broken. I think we were both suddenly embarrassed. I know I turned red. We grabbed the panties and went and picked up the pile of clothes. The music stopped in mid song.
The announcer said, voice cracking, "Unbelievable, Pamela and Karen, Wow!" The men started clapping and cheering. I turned and took a bow. Karen had already run offstage. I saw Shelly and Teri standing in the wings and joined them. The crowd noise was getting louder.
"You had better go back out there and take another bow", Shelly said. "I'll see if I can get Karen back"
I dropped the clothes and went back on stage in nothing but the red pumps. I took a few more bows. I saw Craig standing, applauding and yelling wildly. I could plainly see the bulge in his slacks. I needed that bulge now! I returned to the wings and put the robe on. The crowd kept screaming.
"Where's Karen?" I asked Teri. Teri just shook her head and pointed back at the stage. I rehung the robe and went back out for one more curtain call. I was hoping Karen would join me. I looked out in the crowd and I saw Karen coming out the stage door. She had already dressed and she practically ran to a tall, muscular man at the bar. The men closed in around them, many reaching out to her. She dragged him to the exit and I lost them in the crowd. I walked offstage, disappointed. I put the robe on. Shelly joined us and we took the clothes back to the costume room. Lisa passed us on the way. She was going to do another show.  Well, she would have a tough act to follow.
"Karen had to leave. She did leave you this note though.", Shelly said. I took the note from her and opened it. All that was on it was a phone number and her signature. I put the note in the pocket of my jeans and dressed in my street clothes. I was still burning up and decided it was time for Craig to do something about. Shelly said, "If you are ever back up here, give me a call. I'll take you to that beach we had talked about." She gave me her number and then I headed for the door to the bar.
I didn't want to be mobbed as Karen had been so Shelly arranged for a waitress to get Craig so we could leave the back way.
Craig still had the look of lust in his eyes. He also was slightly drunk.
We embraced quickly and I said, "Get me out of here."
 Shelly showed us the back way out and suddenly, we were out in the parking lot. Craig was too drunk to drive and I was to horny too wait so we ran down to the beach and found a sand dune. I tore my jeans and panties down and dropped to my knees. Craig just dropped his pants,not even taking them all the way off. He entered me from behind swiftly. It was savage and fast but I needed satisfaction. I never even got my blouse off. I collapsed in the sand and Craig rolled off of my side. We just laid in the sand, naked from the waist down, oblivious to the world. Our breathing slowed downed to more normal and I pulled my pants back on.
Craig had sobered up a little bit. He held me and asked me how I felt. I had mixed emotions. I had enjoyed putting the show on. I felt a little guilty though for having done so much in front of everyone. Also, I was having mixed feelings about how excited other women had made me that night. I told him that I felt fine and that I had enjoyed myself. Craig looked relieved and suggested we might want retire to our room. He said that he wanted details of my experience but wanted to be in a more comfortable environment.
We drove in silence back to the hotel. In the room, I excused myself and went to the bathroom to clean up. I looked in the mirror and saw myself as for the first time. The extra heavy make-up that had looked so well under the stage lights, looked garish. I took a long hot shower. I put a sexy teddy that I had packed to impress Craig with. I wondered if it would still excite him after having seen me in worse on stage.
Craig whistled approvingly as I emerged from the bathroom. I told him that I wanted to hear his side of the story first as I joined him in the bed.
"Okay, the first dancer, what was her name?"
"Elizabeth", I supplied him.
"Yeah, she came out all dressed in pink. She kept moving so you never really got a good look at her. She  had a bald pussy though! I thought that was really exciting. Then your friend Karen came out. All decked out in a see through red nightie. She had matching underwear and a garter belt and stockings. She was tight. She started out a bit slow. She looked a little nervous. Once she took her panties off, the music stopped and she was gone. It didn't give us much time to look."
I had begun to run my hand up and down his cock lightly and it was responding. His hand was absentmindedly stroking my pussy slowly.
"Then game that older lady." He meant Ellen.  I had been wondering what had happened to her. "She looked really tense. She stayed to the back part of the stage like she was afraid that someone would sneak up behind her. She pulled the zipper down her dress and pulled it off. She wasn't really dancing, more just standing there
  trying to work up the nerve. She finally managed to pull
  her bra off. She looked like she didn't want to let go
  of it. She had smallish tits that sagged a good bit.
  One of the men shouted that she should put it back on and
  a couple others had booed. She suddenly turned and ran
  off stage and they turned the music off. Some old guy
  stormed out of the bar. I thought you were next and was
  excited about seeing you. Instead, that girl who won,
  Lisa, she comes on stage in this black dress and white
  satin blouse. Boy was she a knockout. The men went
  wild, quickly forgetting about that girl before. And was
  she built. Blonde, built and young, what a combination.
  I knew she was going to win then."
  "Then you came on. I couldn't believe. You looked
  so hot up there. I've got to get you some garter belts
  and stockings (Craig doesn't know it but I already have a
  couple). I could hear the other guys talking about you
  and it turned me on. I couldn't believe your nipples
  when you took that bra off. How did you get them to look
  so nice?"
  I briefly explained that I had used lip gloss. I
  left out the fact that Shelly had actually put it on.
  "Then it was time to vote for the winner. They have
  these little boxes on the table that feed into a computer
  somewhere. Needless to say, I voted for you. Then you
  all were out on the stage. I was really happy to hear
  you picked as first runner-up. You looked pleased too.
  Then I sat there and waited for you. My waitress came up
  and gave me your note. I didn't think I could wait much
  longer but I really didn't have much choice. They were
  serving me free drinks, because you were in the contest,
  so while I waited,I kept drinking. I had a pretty good
  buzz on by the time you and Karen came on.I couldn't
  believe you were up there with another women, dressed like
  a cheerleader. I thought maybe I had too much to drink.
  I shook my head but you two were still both up there.
  Then you started going at each other. I don't think
  anyone ordered any drinks once she started pawing you. I 
  noticed alot of hands disappearing under tables to their
  laps as you went along. Then there was just you on stage
  taking curtain calls. That girl you danced with passed
  by me and grabbed this guy. They both disappeared. I
  wonder if they were as turned on as we were and couldn't
  wait?"
  I decided not to tell Craig about getting Karen's
  (or Shelly's) phone number just yet. I told him about
  the whole night, only omitting a couple of the details.
  About half way through my story, he lowered his face to
  my pussy and started to eat me. I had a hard time
  finishing the story and we ended up sixty-nineing until I
  came. He mounted me very tenderly, and we made love
  slowly. We dozed off.
  I awoke late in the morning (11:30). Craig was
  still asleep. Since he had woken me so nicely the last
  two mornings, I decided to return the favor. I slid down
  to his crotch. I slid my hand softly over his cock. I
  looked at it closely. I don't believe I've ever gotten
  to see a cock close up as it slowly rose to full
  erection. I lowered my lips on it and kissed it. Using
  my tongue, I worked up and down the length of it. He was
  total erect but still did not show any sign of waking. I
  tongued his sacks and returned to the underside of his
  rod. My hands encircled his balls.
  Finally, I engulfed the head of his cock in my
  mouth. I sucked him in deeply. I noticed that he was
  pushing back, trying to go deeper. I looked up at his
  face but he still seemed asleep. I stank my lips down
  till I felt pubic hair on my chin. He let out a low
  groan. His hips started to push up at a quicker pace.
  He was definitely awake. I could feel his spasm starting
  in his balls. I pulled off him just as he started to
  shoot. His cum shot into the air and landed on his belly
  as I continued to milk him with my hands (as I said
  earlier, I don't mind performing oral sex but cannot
  stand the taste).
  "Good morning." I said.
  "Umm... Good morning! That was great.", Craig said
  with a smile on his face.
  I rose up to the head of the bed and kissed him. We
  just stayed in bed and snuggled for about an hour. We
  talked about the weekend and what had happened. We
  talked about the future.
  "Well I guess we can't stay in bed forever. We had
  better start getting ready to leave. Check out time is
  2:00.", Craig said.
  I went to the bathroom and turned the shower on.
  After I had climbed under the warm spray, Craig opened
  the shower curtain and joined me. He helped me soap up
  as I did him. I purposely dropped the shop and bent over
  lewdly in front of him to pick it up. He took the hint
  and entered me in one thrust. Due to the cramped
  conditions and our limited time, we did not last long.
  He quickly as I had a nice little orgasm. 
  Finally, we packed and checked out. It was a long
  drive back to the "real world".

We don't give a damn if you enjoy this quality file leeched from...

         E  X  T  R  E  M  E
      ------------+------------      
                 /|\                                                   
                / | \                    Portland Metro All Text BBS   
               /  |  \                                                 
              /   |   \                      14400: 503.775.0374       
             /    |    \                       SysOp: Thing One        
            /     |     \                                              
           /      |      \           
            d r e a m e s

