The Tenderfoot Amazon 

        by Texas Tickler



        There was once a mistress named Cynthia.  She was a gorgeous
physical specimen: 5'11", long brown hair, blue eyes, 135
pounds, 36-24-36 measurements and a dominant sensuality that
controlled the male or female she that desired.  She was skilled
in using whips, chains, and other tools of dominance. She exuded
strength and control; there were no weaknesses in her manner and
nature which could be used to control her.  She had built her
personality by submitting herself to other mistresses, who would
administer pain and torment without mercy.  Cynthia, after much
practice, would never crack, no matter how intense the pain was
or how strong the binds were.  Indeed, Cynthia was in control.
Until Lynn moved in next door.  At first sight, Lynn was
anything but dominant: 5'1" tall, long blond hair and blue eyes,
95 pounds.  She looked like a promising slave, with her slight
build and gentle, little girl voice, which belied her 22 years
of age.  Being a good neighbor, Cynthia invited the petite blond
over for an introductory chat.  The mistress offered Cynthia a
drink.  And anotherI And another.  The effect of the imbibing
would be to loosen Lynn's tongue and thoughts.

        "You know, Cynthia," said an inebriated Lynn, "moving in was
such a pain.  My back is killing me."

        Cynthia sensed her opportunity.  "Lynn," she replied, "why
don't you have your boyfriend rub your back?"

        Lynn looked at her.  Shyly, she confessed that "oh, I'm not
seeing anyone right now.  I'm rather bummed out on guys."  Lynn
flashed her soft blue eyes, flirting with Cynthia.  With that,
as if a signal had been sent and answered, Cynthia sat down
beside Lynn and started to gently kiss her neck.  Lynn melted
into her arms, and soon Cynthia was massaging her back and neck.
 Lynn soon fell into a deep, restful sleep, as Cynthia held her
close.

        The next morning, Lynn awoke to a shock.  She tried crawling
out of bed, but found that she had been tied to the bed, spread
eagle.  Her nude body squirmed against the ropes.

        "Well, I packaged you quite well!" exclaimed Cynthia. "I know
that you are a bi-now let's see if you can play the part of a
slave!"  The amazon had several straps in her hands, and wanted
to build up the tension in Lynn by gently caressing her body
with the tips of the straps.  However, this produced a most
unusual reaction, which changed Cynthia's game plan.  As the
tips of the straps lightly danced over the backs of her legs,
she began to squirm helplessly and laugh.

        "St-t-top that!"  Cried Lynn, "it t-tickles!"

        With that, Cynthia started to poke and jab at her rib cage and
underarms.  Lynn bucked violently, screaming for mercy.

        "Stop-you c-crazy b-bitch!  I c-can't stand to b-be tickled!!!"
Shrieked Lynn.  However, Cynthia was relentless and kept the
blond beauty laughing for 2 hours, when Lynn finally passed out
from exhaustion.

        Cynthia let Lynn sleep for a few minutes, then untied her. 
Lynn woke up moments later.  Lynn's eyes opened wide and she was furious.

        "What the hell do you think you're doing?  How would you like
it if I did that to you?" Lynn screamed.

        Cynthia had a ready answer.  "My dear, I didn't get to my
position in life by being a sissy like you.  I have been in the
submissive role before, under whips and chains, and have come
through admirably, even asking for more!"

        Lynn then issued a challenge.  "OK, tough bitch, why not let me
have a crack at you?  You brag about your endurance to pain, so
let's see you prove it!  Give me two hours, the same amount of
time you were torturing me, and you'll be ready to do anything
for me!"
        
        Cynthia stood proud, confidant, and she laughed back at her. 
"My dear,"  replied the Amazon, "I've have lasted for days in
bondage.  Whips, sensory deprivation.  Try anything you wish!"

        Cynthia then led Lynn to the torture room.  Lynn had Cynthia
lie down on the floor.  Cynthia's wrists were bound by handcuffs
attached to the wall.  Lynn then placed her feet in stocks.  The
blond found herself attracted to Cynthia feet. They were
beautiful: size 10, with long slender toes, and well kept, with
no callouses or corns.  Lynn looked at Cynthia and admired her
handywork; this was her first time as a dom and she wanted it to
be successful.

        Lynn ignored the whips and other instruments of torture around
her, and slowly ran her long fingernails over the soles of
Cynthia's feet.  The pair of size 10's began to wiggle and
squirm as Cynthia bit her lower lip, trying not to laugh.

        "You think tickling me will break me?  You're in for a
surprise!  I can take whips and other pain for days! This will
be easy!" Snarled Cynthia.

        However, Cynthia's show of confidence didn't impress Lynn. 
Lynn saw Cynthia's feet squirm under the stimulation from Lynn's
fingertips.  Now, it was time to keep those feet still.  Lynn
hammered in nails on each side of each foot, right next to the
big and little toes.  With a string, she would tie her big and
little toes to the nails, spreading the toes apart and
completely immobilizing Cynthia's size tens.

        "Now, bitch," exclaimed Lynn, "LAUGH!"  Lynn again began to
scrape her long fingernails all over the sensitive soles of
Cynthia's feet.  Again, Cynthia bit her lips, struggling to
maintain her composure.  Cynthia was so determined, yet Lynn was
so relentless, using a small paint brush between the Amazons
toes.  This caused Cynthia to buck violently against the
bondage.  On and on it went for twenty minutes.  Thirty minutes.
 Thirty-five minutes.  Then, the tingling, teasing, tantalizing
sensations which engulfed her feet became so overpowering that
Cynthia burst into helpless giggles.

        "Hee hee, ha ha!  That t-t-tickles!  Go ahead-k-k-keep it up! 
You'll n-never b-b-break me!" Stammered Cynthia, as Lynn kept
stimulating the soft skin on Cynthia's soles.

        One hour had now passed, and Cynthia was showing signs of
weakness, as Lynn took a ball point pen and started drawing all
over her soles.

        "Tee hee, ha hahahhahaha!  Oh G-god, that's d-driving m-m-me
c-c-crazy!  My f-f-feet are s-s-so sensitive!" Cried Cynthia, as
tears began to stream down her cheeks.

        Lynn snapped back, "OK, bitch ready to give?"  As Lynn used the
pen, the pressure of the ball point on Cynthia's feet stimulated
the soft, sensitive skin on her soles, driving Cynthia to tears.
        "OH, GOD, YOU'RE DRIVING ME-HEHEHEHEHE!-C-C-CRAZYY!!!" She
screamed through her hysterical laughter.

        Lynn shot back, "Oh, have you had enough? I'll stop, if you're
going to be too much of a sissy!"  Cynthia's pride got the
better of her though; she had survived for 75 minutes; 45 more
and she would be free.

        Her tortured reply was, "NO-POUR IT ON!  NO TRAMP WITH A TICKLE
FETISH IS GOING TO BREAK ME!"

        "Very well," replied Lynn.  "Now that your feet are filthy
with ink, it's time to clean them off!"  With that, Lynn
produced a bucket of soapy water and a small toothbrush. 
Cynthia's eyes opened wide, as Lynn dipped the small brush in
the water, then begin to slowly scrub her left heel in
torturous, circular motions.  Cynthia's long legs began to
quiver; her breasts began to bounce up and down. The endless
stimulation of the thousands of tiny bristles on her feet were
too much to bear.

        Cynthia exploded in an anguished scream of forced laughter. 
"EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEHHHH, AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH, HAHA
HAHAHAHAHAHA TEEHEEHEEHEEHEEHEEI"  The amazon sounded as if she
was in agony, as her hysterics filled the room.  "C-C-CAN'T
BREATHE-M-MY SIDES- TH-TH-THEY'RE GONNA EXPLODE!!  OK OK,
PLEEEEEEEEEEEEASSE STOP NOWWWW WWWW!  I GIVE, I GIVE, WHAT DO
YOU WANT, I'LL DO ANYTHING!  MY FEET ARE TOO TICKLISH!  STOP,
LYNN, PLEASE!!!!!" submitted Cynthia.

        Satisfied, Lynn stopped.  She looked at the clock; the Amazon
had cracked after one hour and 20 minutes.  Lynn sat down beside
her, caressing Cynthia's breasts.  "Well, you aren't as tough as
you say you are!  Why, you're a like a little sissy teenager!"
Lynn scowled.  "Just wait till I tell your slaves!"
        
        A look of terror filled Cynthia's eyes.  "NO, please don't tell
anyone!  I'll be ruined!" She begged.

        The trap had been set.  Lynn looked down at the beaten Amazon
and layed down the law.  "OK, I'll keep quiet, but you must meet
the following conditions," stated Lynn.  "First, you're feet are
still covered with ink.  Will you submit to getting them cleaned
with the toothbrush, until they are cleaned to my satisfaction?"

        Cynthia, anxious to get out of this mess, replied, "Oh, yes
Lynn, as you wish!"  Lynn smiled.  "There is just one more thing
you must do in order to keep my lips sealed.  You must allow me
to tickle your feet every day, without fail. This will include
working on your endurance.  You must endure 2 hours of foot
tickling every day from me, until you are able to not just
survive two hours, but beg for more and more!"

        Cynthia screamed, "Never!! I'll die!"

        Lynn then picked up a little blank book sitting on a table and
looked at the contents. "Hmmm..It seems this is a list of your
slaves!  Suppose I just call one of them up and have them listen
while I clean your feet?", suggested Lynn.

        "OK, OK YOU WIN!" Shrieked a terrified Cynthia.  "Please keep
quiet! I'll submit to your foot tickling every day!"

        With a satisfied smile, Lynn completed a one hour clean up of
Cynthia's tormented feet.  Once the ordeal was over, Lynn
"treated" a still bound Cynthia to a pedicure, making certain to
use a pumice stone to soften what few rough spots were present
on the Amazon's feet, finishing off by painting her toenails
pastel pink.  Lynn then ordered the newly ordered slave to
report for her first tickle session at midnight the next
evening.  Somehow, Lynn knew Cynthia wouldn't dare miss the
appointment.



