Copyright © 1997,  Rich Humus,   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





                            You're a Mess
                             by Rich Humus


"You're a mess," John said, looking down at me, as I heard the flash
go off. Looking at the pictures later, I had to agree. There was a
large cum blob gluing my left eyelid shut. There were blobs leaking
back out of my nose, a huge wad sliming down over my forehead and
right eyebrow, three or four lines of it across one cheekbone, and my
lips and mouth were drenched in it too. I shouldn't have been
surprised at how I looked. Having eight cum loads sprayed in your face
one right after the other will do that do you.

If you've never taken a facial cumshot, there's really no way to
describe the feeling as hot sperm hits your face. You can kind of get
a feel for it if you hold your face under the shower head as it
sprays, but it's not the same. Sperm isn't quite as hot as a hot
shower, and of course, there's less of it. It's also slipperier, with
all the lube and stuff in semen. I guess the best way to approximate
the feeling is to fill a water gun with hot milk or cream or
something, and spray it at your face half a dozen times. Still, that's
only a poor approximation. Until you've had a dick shoot it at you,
there's nothing to compare it to.

I'm a happily married woman of twenty-seven, blonde, 35C-25-36, about
five-seven in my bare feet, and I suppose guys would call me "cute" or
"pretty". I'm not the super-model type, by any stretch, but I get my
share of second looks, especially if I dress sexy. My husband John and
I have been married four years, with no kids yet. I still have time.
Besides, kids would tend to put a damper on our "fun". We're swingers
who love to host and attend swing parties around town. We've been
doing this for about three years now, and have a fairly good size
group of people who we swing with regularly. We're all very close and
get along very well, which is nice. Sometimes you hear about swing
groups that dissolve or break up because some of the folks involved
get hung up or lose sight of the original idea of the whole thing. Not
us. We know it's just sex, and attraction, and we don't let "love" or
"romance" foul things up for us. Not that we don't like each other,
but we are all able to keep our marriages and our private, two-person
relationships separate from our swinging activities.

Early on in our relationship. John and I discovered my particular
fetish. I love to feel semen sprayed on my face. I never would have
imagined that I would, and I never really thought about it too much.
My girlfriends and I sometimes talked about how it felt to suck a guy
and all that, and I've been sexually active since I was 17, but it
wasn't until I started going out with John in college, and we watched
some adult pornos, that I even considered taking a facial. I saw
facials for the first time in some of the pornos, and at first I was
amazed at the girls. I honestly had never considered that act. I
always figured that when a guy comes, he'd rather be IN something,
like a pussy or a mouth, or even a butt.  It didn't seem too nice to
have to pull out and then jerk off on some girl's face like they did
in the movies. But John said the visual stimulation of it was amazing.
Once after we watched a movie with about four or five facials, I asked
him if he'd ever done it that way. He said he hadn't but had always
wondered about how it would feel. I said , "well, you can do it to me
if you like. Maybe it'll be cool." The words just popped out of my
mouth. I looked at him wide-eyed after I said it, like I couldn't
believe I had just said that, you know how it is?

So later that night, he did. He fucked me until I had two good cums,
then pulled his cock out and moved up my chest, jerking off. I had
forgotten all about it until I looked up and saw his cock about six
inches from my mouth. He didn't even warn me or anything, he just
grunted and then sprayed me from chin to forehead with about half a
dozen warm shots of cum. I had my fingers in my pussy and orgasmed
again right away when he did that. Then he licked his cum off my face
and fed it to me, kissing me deeply. I thought that was cool, because
it showed he wasn't repulsed or turned off by his own cum. I swallowed
it all down too, not that that was anything new to me. I'd almost
always swallowed when I blew him. I knew he really liked that, and I
enjoyed giving him pleasure like that. He always made sure I came too.
He has a real talented tongue, girls.... :)

So facials became a regular part of our love life. I'd say about half
the time, or maybe more, when he came, he came on my face. I got used
to the initial surprise of the spurts quickly. The only time it was
uncomfortable was when he accidentally shot right up my nose a few
times! I felt like I was choking or something, it was weird. Also, it
stings when it gets in your eye, too.

So anyway, when we started swinging, naturally, my habits soon became
the subject of much discussion in the groups. Some of the other wives
had done it a couple of times, but not often. One of the girls said
she'd never let a man come on her face. "In my mouth, pussy, or ass,
but never on my face." She just didn't think it was sexy. Oh well. No
accounting for taste. (No pun intended!). One of the guys asked me how
many times I'd been "faced", as he called it. John and I looked at
each other stupidly. "I don't know, what, maybe two or three times a
week, for, what, about five years, that's what, about....jeeze, five
hundred times!" I couldn't believe it at first, but then when I
thought about it, I guess it was right. I'd taken around five hundred
facials already! I laughed and said "why do you think my skin is so
soft? Camay?" I couldn't believe how turned on the guys got when they
found out that I liked getting my face cums. I realized that in real
life, as opposed to the adult pornos, girls like me were probably
pretty rare.

Well, after that, you can imagine how many times my swinging partners
dumped their loads in my pussy. None. Zero. Nada. Had I not been on
the pill anyway, I probably never would have had to worry about
getting pregnant with those guys. I took every single cum shot in my
face. I remember once over one party weekend with six other couples
that I took 32 facials. I tasted cum for a week after that one!

John began to take videos and pictures of me at all the parties. We've
built up quite a library.  Every now and then I like to take one of
the albums out and go over it. Page after page of nothing but my face
with sperm all over it. It really makes me hot to look at all those
pictures and remember the guys who were doing it. Some of the cum
loads were pretty small and dribbly, others were real drenchers. Let's
face it (no pun intended, again!) not all you guys are like Peter
North. Man, does he ever shoot it? If I were a girl in one of his
films, I'd make sure I took his load in my face, just for the
experience of it. I did have one guy once, who claimed that he hadn't
cum for a week before we were fucking, just so he could cum a lot on
my face. I grinned at him and said "I can't wait!". When he shot it,
there was so much even I was amazed at it all. It was all over my
face, in my mouth, in my eyes, even in my hair. I looked like someone
had sprayed me with a friggin' firehose. We spent half an hour
scraping it off my body.

Most of our parties started out the same way. We all get together and
have a few drinks and snacks, and then we'd just pair off in no
particular order. Whoever you were talking to when you both decided to
go screw, you just did. No one ever got left out, and we all had a
great time. Every now and then we'd do a threesome or a foursome,
switching back and forth, and that was cool too. I remember one night
when I had four pussy fucks, two ass fucks, three blow jobs and a
titty fuck, and of course I took every cum shot on my smiling face. It
seemed that after a while, every time I looked up, there was a dick
head aimed at my face. It got so I could tell just before they shot,
cause the little hole on the end opened up just before the sperm
sprayed out.

Usually I cleaned up a little between cums, but then the guys realized
that seeing me with sperm on my face even after my partner had fizzled
out was a turn on. So I started just spreading it around after the guy
came, massaging the warm fluid in to my skin. I just did it enough to
keep it from dripping all over the carpeting, you know. Then I'd get
back up and go out and have a sip of Coke  or a beer or something and
talk to the other girls. They got used to seeing me sit there with
jizz all over me. "You are such a slut!" they used to laugh at me. I
figured some of them were a little jealous of my nonchalant nature.
They couldn't quite bring themselves to admit that I could do
something they couldn't.

Then one Friday night, as we drove out to a party, John mentioned that
there might be some new people at this party.  "It seems that Phil met
some guy who knew a guy who knew a guy... you know the kind of thing.
And they got to talking about our parties, and actually, about you in
particular, " he said, grinning over at me. I punched him on the leg.

"Cut it out....what?" I replied, curious.

"Well, you know. How you love to have facials. So a bunch of these
guys got invited to the party tonight. It's a special party."

"What do you mean?"

"You're the only woman."

I arched my eyebrows. We had a rule that no one would fool around "on
the side".

"Don't worry. The other girls know. In fact, a couple of them might
show up, but they know that tonight is your special night. They'll
just come to watch. Or watch to cum, as the case may be."

I was a little bit nervous. I had never been the "center of attention"
at a party - we were always very democratic in our get-togethers. Now
I had an opportunity to fuck and suck a bunch of guys, in relative
safety, and act out what has always been a rather unobtainable fantasy
for me. I thought about it for a while, and finally said OK. "As long
as it's OK with you, babe. How are you gonna be, watching all those
guys screw me?"

John laughed quietly. "As long as you come home with me, I guess it's
OK." He is a really nice guy - very trusting and open, and apart from
the other girls in our group, I know he's never strayed on me. Of
course, our sex in private tends to be supernatural.

We pulled up to the house, and I got out while John went to park the
car next to the garage. The host, Phil, came out to meet us.

"I'm so glad you decided to come, Nance. Did you have any trouble
convincing her, Jack?" he turned to John.

"Naw, once she found out that there were gonna be about two dozen
cocks here, she was all for it!" he laughed. I punched him in the
stomach again and blushed, which I don't often do. We wandered into
the "play" room Phil had set up. There was a wet bar at one end, a
huge sofa running all the way along one wall and around a corner,
several cushions and soft throw rugs Recessed lights provided all the
way from intimate dimness to search-light glare. There were two video
cameras set up in opposite corners. I had a feeling this event had
been planned for a while.

"Can we expect the global news media, or is this it?" I laughed.

"Well, we tried ESPN, but there's no cock sucking event in the
Olympics yet, so they weren't interested..." grinned Phil, offering me
a drink. He took me around and introduced me to each of the guys in
the room, the ones I didn't already know, that is. There was Bill,
Ken, Sam, Kevin, Bob and Harry, I knew them, the new guys were
introduced as William, a tall distinguished looking guy, Fred, Mike,
Harris, who was a huge coal black Negro who I couldn't wait to see
naked, Antonio, Pat, James, Tom, Dave, Rick, and Frank. I did a quick
count around the room. Counting John and Phil, there were nineteen men
there! All for me! I was a bit nervous. Gang-banging had never been
high on my list of activities, but they all seemed nice enough. No
motorcycle types or ex-cons, if you know what I mean. Not that I have
anything against motorcycle types, or ex-cons. I just wanted to be
comfortable with them first.

"All right, guys," Phil stood in the center of the room. "Now that
you've all met Nancy here -" there was a good-natured cheer , "-we'd
like to explain things to you. As you can see, we're set to tape this
evening's events. Copies will be for sale afterwards for $100 each -"
At that, I raised my eyebrows at John. He just winked back at me. " -
but they won't be found on the open market. So remember that. Now, for
the ground rules. First, whatever Nancy says, goes. If she says stop,
stop. If she says go, go. We aren't here to do anything to her, or for
her, that she doesn't want. She's free to back out at any time,
right?" he finished, looking over at me. I nodded. "Now, you've all
been checked out and passed our physical requirements. Therefore,
there will be no need for condoms tonight. " A cheer went up again. I
know, it's like fucking in a raincoat. But if you don't know
EVERYTHING about your partners, it's still too risky to do without.
Phil continued. "We'll start out one at a time, with names drawn from
the hat. Let Nance direct the traffic. If she wants more, we'll give
her more. You're welcome to come back for seconds or thirds, if you
can. Nancy, do you have any no-no's for us?" he turned to me.

I thought for a minute. "Umm, not really. I'm not into spanking or
slapping or any of that rough stuff. Pinching a nipple is ok, just
don't try to rip it off. If you're really big, I may not be able to
take you up my butt -" I looked over at Harris, the big black guy,
"but we can try. You can fuck my pussy all night long, as far as I'm
concerned. I'm a big girl, and I'm sure we can take it. " I grinned at
them. "I love to suck, so be prepared. And, I guess you all know the
special treats I like."

"Yes, that brings up the subject." John spoke up. "We'd like to have
every cum shot on Nancy's face, if at all possible. Don't be shy, she
loves it. But remember, we're filming this. If you're cumming, try to
get it on her face, not all over the carpet. If you're not in the
picture, move back so we can get the cameras in tight. I don't want
two hours of all your hairy butts in my video!" he laughed. "Any
questions?"

Rick held up a hand. "Yes. Do you swallow?", looking at me.

"Yes. All the time. As much as you want." A delicious shiver ran
through me. I was really being nasty now, and I loved it! I couldn't
believe how much this was starting to turn me on. I felt myself
starting to get wet at the thought. I slowly took off the long jacket
I had on. I knew the guys would go wild when they saw my outfit. I was
right. I had on, starting from the bottom, a pair of 4" black stiletto
heels, wedding-day-white stockings with a white lace garter belt,
crotchless ( or is it crutchless? ) panties, a filmy sheer nylon
midriff-baring top over a bra with cut-out nipples, my black satin
choker, and then, well, me.  I had on bright red lipstick with a
glossy sheen to it. I call it my "dick-licking lipstick". It doesn't
come off, and gets nice and slippery with pre-cum and saliva.

"Well, guys, how do you like it?" I curtsied for them. They roared
their approval, and another shiver went right down my spine. I was
going to like this! Phil brought a cowboy hat over to me, with all the
names on slips of paper on it. I made a show of covering my eyes with
one hand and reached in, scrambling around the slips, and then pulling
one out. I held it up, and read the name. "John".  Groans went up
around the room, and I giggled. "Everybody else gets sloppy seconds
now!" he shouted, "for once it's not me!" We had a good laugh at that.
There's not much point in describing how my husband and I made love.
The mechanics are usually pretty much the same, right? John is a very
attentive lover, though, and made me cum twice before he even entered
me. I gave him a good ride, as usual. Finally I could tell he was
ready to cum.

"Oh baby, yeah, you're gonna make me shoot it soon." He groaned and
withdrew. I raised my head up and watched his fist-encircled cock
approach my waiting face. It didn't take him long, either. Two or
three strokes and he exploded. The first squirt actually went sailing
up over my face and landed in my hair. Then he did better. The second
laced up from my left cheekbone, across one eyelid and over my
eyebrow. The third landed on my tongue. The fourth hit the bridge of
my nose. The fifth hit my upper lip and dripped down into my mouth.
Then he just dribbled a bunch of small drops over my other cheek and
chin.

"Yay!" I grunted out, "that's one for the books!" Phil came in close
with a camera to record all the details, zooming in on the lines of
semen decorating my face.

"Open your mouth, babe, let the world see it all." I opened as wide as
I could, showing them the white proof of my husband's love. Then I
closed and swallowed for the camera. I know John loves to see me
swallow it. And of course, I love to.

The next one out of the hat was Rick. He ate my pussy for about ten
minutes, holding my boobs and twirling my nipples between his fingers.
I like that, and held his head to my crotch as I came, flooding his
face with MY cream. Then he turned me over on my knees and screwed me
doggy style for about five minutes. When he gasped that he was ready
to cum, I quickly pulled away and turned on my knees to him. He stood
up and within a few seconds, his cock opened up and he splattered me.
The first one went right into my mouth, and I resisted the urge to
close my mouth, so the next few went across my upper lip, my left eye
(ouch!), the bridge of my nose, and my forehead. He dribbled the last
few drops in my open mouth like a momma bird feeding her chicks, and I
swallowed that. Phil brought the camera in close for a close-up, and I
looked right into it and smiled.

After that, things started to heat up a bit. All the guys were naked,
stroking their cocks to keep them hard, although I guess watching me
get fucked was helping. I just let my self go and became "putty in
their hands". Its a good feeling, being able to just lose your
inhibitions totally and let your body take over. I was safe, in no
real danger, and could just let go. The guys were basically nice, no
one got rough or anything.

I pretty much took every cum shot in my face. After Rick came, and I
had two loads on me, they came in again with the cameras to get some
nice angles. I just looked right into the lens and smiled, swirling
the cum in my mouth around, licking my lips and all. Really playing it
up for the camera. Plus, I wanted to see this video myself! While they
were doing that, someone else started fucking my pussy, and two guys
came up on either side of my chest and so I started jerking them off.
Hands reached in and caressed my nipples and my bush. It didn't take
long for the guy screwing me to start to cum. I think he let one
squirt go up my pussy, because as he came out I saw the sperm leaking
out of his cockhead, but he moved up and aimed it at me.

Ten or twelve seconds later, I had a third load decorating me. This
one was kind of watery, not nearly as thick as John or Rick had been.
It was more like a bunch of little drops than any big huge streams of
cum. So now I had polka dots all over me too! A little bit went in my
mouth, which I swallowed, but I could hardly taste it, because of all
the other cum still sticking to my tongue and cheeks. One of the guys
I was jerking off went down and licked me to a nice orgasm, then began
slowly fucking me. I like it sometimes when the guy is real slow, just
sliding in and out of my pussy, all the way in then all the way out,
over and over and over. He was good, too. Nice and deep. I had another
cock in my hand. I felt a tongue on one breast. They were caressing my
feet and legs and down along my hips and butt cheeks. Number four
turned out to be one of the guys I was jerking off. He started to
groan, said "oh fuck, I'm gonna cum",  and grabbed his cock with his
hand, so I turned to face him. I must admit I didn't really expect the
force of this cum shot. I think it was Kevin, I'm not sure, but he
must have been exercising his cock muscles for months. The first blast
flew out of his cock and hit me square on the forehead, splattering in
every direction. I even felt it land in my hair! I could actually HEAR
it hit my face. Wad after wad creamed me all over. It hit my open
mouth, my nose, my cheekbones, everywhere. It went down my neck, and
over my chin, and even dribbled into my ears, which is a funny
feeling, by the way. He must have blown at least ten loads on me. The
guys watching this cheered and yelled, they couldn't believe he had so
much cum in his balls.

I drained them, though. That's one thing about me. I make sure my men
get their nuts emptied out when they fuck me. No leftovers here! As he
finished cumming, he leaned in so I could suck the last few drops out
of his nice looking, but spermy cock. I slurped it into my mouth,
pulling a last few drops out of the pee-hole, and then he used his
cock to slide some of the cum on my face into my mouth. That must have
been sexy to watch, because the guy fucking me pulled out and came
around to the other side and started spraying at me. Kevin pulled his
dick away just in time.

(That leads me to a question - why is it you guys jump like scalded
cats if you get some other guy's cum on you? Kevin had just dumped
what felt like half a quart of nut juice on me, yet the thought of
getting one little drop of some other man's sperm on his hand made him
pull back and hide like a little kid. C'mon, guys! Just cause another
guys' sperm lands on your hand or, god forbid, your cock, doesn't make
you gay! What's the difference? It's all right to shoot your jizz all
over a girl, but not get any on you? God, it won't kill you! Lighten
up, eh?)

This cock blew a load all over one side of my face. I turned to get
the head of it in my mouth and I felt the sperm slide down my cheek
and start to drip on the carpet. I took the head in my mouth and felt
two or three jets come out, which I dutifully swallowed. I'm such a
good girl  (GRIN). By now, I had so much sperm on my face that
whenever I turned my head, it started to drip off of me. I began to
slide it off my cheeks with my fingers, feeding it into my mouth. I
didn't want to waste it, or get it all over the carpet either.

That was number five. Number six and seven followed shortly after. One
was a jerk-off near my face, one was after another nice pussy fuck. I
was really wet down there, what with my own juices and the one or two
little squirts that had been shot up my pussy. As I get fucked more
and more, I lubricate more and more, which is nice. I don't dry up
like some girls.

The camera came in again. You could hardly recognize me under the
sperm! It was literally everywhere all over my face and neck and even
in my hair, like I said. While the camera was filming, I tried to
clean my face off a bit and eat all the cum I could. I had to scrape
some out of my eyelids and all, but I got a lot of it. The consistency
was really weird, some really thick and "globby", and some very thin
and wet. No matter. I ate it all. Yummy! After I got my face cleaned
off a little bit, someone suggested I get up on my hands and knees
doggy style. I like that position, so I sat up and moved around. Of
course, as I sat up, a bunch of sperm ran down over my titties. I
smeared it into my skin. It felt so sensuous and slippery, it was
really a good feeling.

On my knees, I felt a cock slide up into me from behind and begin
fucking. It felt large, larger than any of the others so far. I turned
around, pretty much expecting it to be Will, the big black guy, but it
wasn't - it was Pat. His cock was really fat around, not all that
long, but really fat. It felt good, being really filled up like that.
Then I felt a finger start to push around at my butt hole. I felt a
drop or two of lube being dripped down on it, and the finger started
up again. I just bowed my head and closed my eyes, concentrating on
the feeling. After a few seconds, I felt Pat's big cock pull slowly
out of my pussy. I knew what to expect next, and I don't mind telling
you I was a little bit scared. I shivered involuntarily. I felt Pat's
big cockhead pushing around at my little tiny heinie hole, asking to
be let in. He as so insistent! So I let him in. POP! His cockhead
slipped in past my sphincter. Man, did that burn for a second! I felt
like someone had shoved a telephone pole up my rear. But then I just
concentrated on relaxing, and trying to pull the head into me with my
butt muscles. That's the key, I've found out. I used to not really
like butt fucking, because I always resisted a bit, and that made it
hurt, even if the guy wasn't all that big. Then I realized that if I
concentrated on pulling the cock IN, rather than trying to PUSH it
OUT, it would be easier. It was!

Pat ever so slowly fed his pole into me. I groaned and dipped my head
down, but it was a good groan, not a painful groan.  He felt around
under me and started playing with my clit, and that felt really nice
too. Slowly he started stroking, in and out, in and out. I widened up
each time. After a while, I started thinking that I'd never be
constipated again! Pat fucked my ass for what felt like an hour, but
wasn't much more than a few minutes. I knew, like most guys I'd had
back there, that he wouldn't be able to last very long. I've developed
a very educated butt. Pat announced that he was going to cum and I
quickly said "in my butt, in my butt, yeah, cum in my ass, make it wet
in there!" I thought it might be useful to get slippery in there, just
in case any other guys wanted to take the back road. Pat loosed a sack
full of sperm up my ass, just like I asked.

Then they had me change positions again. I ended up squatting over top
of one guy, feeding his cock into my now nicely squishy butt hole,
then leaning back on my arms so another guy could go up my pussy. I
hadn't had a DP for quite a while, so it took a little getting used
to. Despite what you may see in the movies, getting all three people
coordinated in a DP is tougher than it looks! Gradually, though, we
settled in to a rhythm. It felt nice, really full, as most girls will
tell you that have ever been DP'ed. All I needed now was a nice dick
in my mouth! As if by magic, one appeared in front of my face. I
swallowed it in. A TRIPLE penetration! I was "airtight", as you guys
say. Very funny. Ha ha. They other guys were all crowding around
watching our performance. It is sexy, I must admit, watching other
people fuck. Almost as good as fucking itself. The cock in my mouth
got a nice suck job for a few minutes, and then moved away and was
replaced by another. I just closed my eyes and sucked what ever was
offered to me. The guys in my pussy and butt were working away,
keeping me climaxing every now and then. They must have had practice
doing this together, because they worked like a team. I sucked about
half a dozen cocks in a row, none of them came in me, though.

Finally, all the hands around me eased me up off of they guy who was
fucking my ass, and they laid me down on a sheet.

"Cum shower! Cum shower!" they all started chanting. I'd never had one
of these before, but we discussed it a lot. Basically, you get
anywhere from five or more guys all hot and bothered, and then they
all stand around you and sperm all over you. If the girl is ready for
it, it can be really hot looking.

I was ready for it. I opened my eyes and looked around. A little
shiver ran through my body when I saw cocks everywhere around me. Hard
cocks. Hard cocks being stroked. Hard cocks being stroked and aimed at
me. At my face. At my tits. At me. "C'mon guys, do it, shoot it, shoot
that stuff all over me!" I started begging, figuring it would help
them out. Not that they really needed any helping out. Then it
started. Once one cock went off and started sperm-slamming my face, it
seems they all had to. I couldn't do anything but lay there. It felt
so neat. I felt the sperm shooting and splashing on my face and neck
and tits, everywhere up above my belly button, it seemed. I opened my
mouth and got a lot right in there. Cock after cock came down and
emptied itself in my face. Sperm was everywhere. I loved it! My hands
played with my clit, I brought myself off while it was all happening.
All in all, eight cocks blew off on me.

John was right. I was a mess! I had sperm covering my face. I felt
like I had a wet mask on. It was streaming off my forehead, over my
cheeks, up my nose, in my mouth, in my eyes (ouch!), over my eyebrows,
in my hair, down my neck, on my boobs. When I saw the video later, I
couldn't believe how much cum the guys shot on me. They must have been
storing it up for days. But I loved it! I scooped it off and let it
drip from my fingers in to my mouth.

The rest of the evening was kind of a blur from then on, and not just
because I had so much cum in my eyes! For the next two hours, I got
fucked every which way from Sunday, ass fucked, pussy fucked, titty
fucked, I had cocks in my armpits, in my hands, in my mouth, in every
possible combination and permutation. Or should I say "sperm-utation"?
I took a total of twenty-seven cum shots in my face, two in my ass,
and one little old cum in my lonely little pussy.

But I was a happy girl! I must have cum a hundred times myself, or so
it seemed. I was exhausted by the end of the night. John and I spent
the night there, I was just too beat to do anything, even ride home.
After I'd drained every drop of sperm from every ball in the house, I
just laid there on the carpet, rubbing it into my skin and swallowing
repeatedly, savoring the taste of all that nice, creamy juicy cum.
They guys stood around and cheered. I felt really good. John hugged me
and kissed me, telling me he loved me and he loved that I loved being
a facial cum shot queen.  Where's my crown?

                                  The End.

--
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....




