KORI, AMY AND LEE       
                

 



Kori and Amy came home with some friends that night, 
They had been drinking and decided to come home and watch
a movie they got from the video store.  The two other friends were Cera and Jill.  It was a girls night out type
of get together.  Amy was going to spend the night, the
other two girls had to be home by midnight. I was watching
the house for my sister since she and her husband were
out of town. My nephew was spending the night at a friends
house. I just thought what the hell, if Kori wants to drink
than its fine with me, I mean she never really got all that
drunk before, at least not that I knew of.  They continued
drinking some beers and watching the movie, plus making all that noise that the girls always seem to do when they get
together without any guys around. 
    Cera's mother called about ten o'clock and she had to
leave early. Cera took Jill with her.  Kori and Amy
continued watching the movie and drinking. I noticed that
they were really starting to look and act on the drunk side.
I was drinking some Banana Colada's which I made in the
blender.  Kori asked me if they could have a drink of what
I was having. I figured why not and started to think that this was the perfect time to put some sleeping type pills in the drinks.  I went downstairs and got some pills I had that
the doctor prescribed for me, If mixed with drinks you
feel the pills much more and people tended to get tired 
and sleepy from them. Since Kori and Amy were on the drunk
side I figured that they would not notice the side effects and would just think that they had too much to drink.
I put some pills in the blender with the drinks and
turned the blender on. The pills blended right in with
the drinks that I served Kori and Amy. They drank the  
Banana Colada's down and asked for another drink. I gladly agreed that they could have one more drink. I again mixed a drink in the blender for them and of course put even more
pills in the blender. I served the drinks to them and
left for a few minutes.  When I came back about fifteen  minutes later I noticed that they were really starting to 
feel the effects of the pills and booze. Kori was laughing and kept yawning while Amy was doing the same thing. I started to believe that my plan was really going to work. I intended for them to pass out and fall into a deep sleep. I would then go into the living room and start touching them.
Of course I did not know how far I would get and doubted if 
I would be able to actually fuck Kori and Amy, but it was in my mind and I never even got this far before. I again left them alone and came back fifteen minutes later. they were
both passed out. Kori was sleeping next to Amy on the
rug, they were just a couple feet apart. Kori never slept
on the rug like that before, this was a good sign that 
maybe the pills worked real good and they would not wake
easily. I figured that it would be easy to test this by 
going into the room and trying to wake Kori and Amy up so
they could go to sleep in Kori's room. I shook Kori lightly
and called her name, she did not answer, she was still sound
asleep so I shook her harder and still she never made a
sound. I put my hands on her chest the next time I tried to wake her and pressed firmly on her covered breasts. Again Kori did not make a sound but continued breathing softly.
   I was excited now and ran my hand over the shorts she 
was wearing. I put my hand between her thighs and pressed down on her covered mound.  Kori never showed signs of 
noticing. I did the same thing to Amy that I did with Kori,  
Amy also did not make any sounds that indicated she felt me
touching her.  I decided that now was the time to see how
far I would get with them. I decided that I would try Kori
first and than maybe Amy. I got up and turned the kitchen
light on with the dimmer and than went back into the living
room and shut the lights off.  I could see both Kori and  
Amy in the dim light coming from the kitchen.   

   I lay down next to Kori and placed my hand under her tee shirt and laid it on her stomach. Again I pressed down and
again Kori did not make a sound.  I brought my hand up to
her bra, placed it down on one of her covered breasts and
again pressed my hand down putting pressure on her breast. Once again Kori did not make a sound. I was starting to get
braver now and put my other hand under Kori's tee shirt
but this time I moved my hand up under her back so I could undo her bra. With her bra loose I was then able to push
the bra up and touch her bare breasts. They felt great, I pressed my hand and fingers over one of Kori's breasts and
started to play with it. I rubbed, pressed, grabbed and felt
her breast then I moved my other hand over to her other breast and did the same thing. I continued to play with Kori's breasts for about ten minutes. I took my hands off   her breasts and pushed her tee shirt up to her neck, Kori's breasts were now visible to me.  
   She sure had a nice set of tits. I could not believe how  beautifully shaped her breasts were, the nipples were nice
and small, the breasts were nice and round. I kept staring   and could not tear my eyes away from them. These were the breasts that I had dreamed of and never thought I would get the chance to touch, but here I was with Kori's breasts
open to me, I could do whatever I wanted to. I could touch, kiss or suck on them. This was turning out to be a dream
that came true. But than I remembered that Kori was not the
only one I wanted that night.  
   I got up and moved over to Amy, I put my hands under
her blouse and brought them up to her bra, she also did
not make a sound, so I reached under her and unclipped her
bra strap. I was getting real brave now with the two girls, I didn't even give it a second thought and pulled Amy's blouse up over her head. I had the blouse in one hand and with the other I took off her bra. Amy's breasts like Kori's were just the right size and shape, she also had nice small nipples. I then lowered my mouth and started to suck on her breasts, they were so soft and felt so good that I could not contain myself anymore. I kissed her breasts, sucked her breasts, tongued her breasts, put her breasts, each one at  a time in my mouth and continued sucking while at the same time my hand reached down to her Jean pants, unbuttoned them, pulled down her zipper. I then leaned up, grabbed Amy's jeans with both of my hands and pulled them
off her, then I pulled down on her panties and took them off too. Amy  was naked before my eyes, she really had a nice
body, her cunt was covered with a light mound of dark pussy hair. My how She took my breath away. How can someone be so beautiful? I then thought, well if Amy looks so good naked than Kori would probably look equally as good. So I turned
around and looked at Kori. She still had her shorts on and
her tee shirt was just above her breasts. I reached over,  
pulled Kori's tee shirt off her and pulled the rest of her bra off too. I then reached over and pulled Kori's Shorts and panties off.  Now there I was just staring
down at Kori who was now totally nude, no nothing on.
Let me tell you what a beautiful pussy she had, it was covered with very light brown colored pussy hair. Kori had
one hell of a body, even better than Amy's. I just could not
believe my luck, here I was with two totally naked girls who 
where passed out. My god, I thought, I was going to FUCK my   
niece KORI and her friend AMY! I wanted to put my rock hard
cock inside of their cunts! Both of them were going to get laid tonight whether they wanted too or not. It did not
matter now, this was my night and I fully intended to do whatever I wanted! KORI AND AMY ARE MINE TO FUCK.  
   I got up off the rug and took my shirt and pants off. I now was also nude, Just like Kori and Amy. I laid down 
between them and put a hand on each of their cunts. My cock was rock hard and I was breathing heavily. Each of My hands  was lightly pulling Kori and Amy's cunt hairs, I started wrapping the pussy hairs around my fingers. I was in heaven, this was what I only dreamed of and now I was doing it. I still could not believe my luck. Now was the time for me to
act on my fantasies, so I rolled over toward KORI and started to kiss and suck her breasts while at the same time inserting four of my fingers inside her cunt, I slowly slid my fingers deeper until they were completely inside, then I started moving each finger back and forth while at the same time I lifted my head from her breasts and placed my lips on hers, my tongue slipped into her mouth. I started French kissing her, I moved my tongue around in her mouth, I sucked her tongue up into the inside of my mouth, I bit her lightly on the lips, than I kissed each of her eyes, nibbled, sucked and licked each ear, went down to her neck and let my tongue slide around, licking every part of her neck. My mouth went to her breasts, I sucked each one, my tongue played with them, my teeth lightly biting each breast, I continued to play with her breasts a few minutes longer then moved my tongue down toward her stomach licking, kissing and sucking 
every spot I could, I stuck my tongue into her belly button,
rolled my tongue around and licked it for awhile longer,  than I moved my tongue further down till I reached the tip of her cunt hairs, I took my mouth and placed them on the beautiful hairs, I grabbed them with my teeth and pulled them up, placed them back down and pressed my mouth into  the beautiful pussy hairs, I slipped my fingers out of her womanhood than let my tongue roam around her cunt, licked the outside of her moist pussy lips, sucked the lips into  my mouth, then sliding my tongue inside of her just enough
to let her pussy know that I was there, then I pushed     deeper into Kori's cunt, moving my tongue all around
enjoying the wonder of her pussy. My tongue went deeper
and deeper till she had all of it inside of her, there I stayed licking everything I could feel, sliding my tongue
in, up and around her cunt, then I found her clit and darted
my tongue against it, I let my tongue circle her clit touching all of it. Kori moaned softly then she started moving her cunt so my tongue could get even deeper inside  of her, she continued moaning and moving her pussy, my 
tongue pressed at her clit even harder as she moved, my tongue and mouth roamed around the inside of her pussy licking, sucking and probing like it was my home away from
home. Kori's pussy was filled with cunt juice so I sucked the juice up into my mouth and swallowed it. I could hear
Kori moaning even louder while her body was moving so I  could get my tongue inside of her deeper then I thought possible. I moved my hands and grabbed her ass so I could  
gain some control of her movements, her whole body was really moving now and her moans were getting louder and louder, she was moaning "yes, oh yes" over and over, louder and louder  My tongue moved quicker inside her cunt, I was  sucking as much of her pussy juices that I could but the  juice kept spilling out into my mouth as I  tried to swallowed more and more of it. Kori was going wild now, her pussy kept rubbing across my mouth, my tongue was roaming   inside of her as she kept moaning, she than started to jerk her body and wrapped her legs tightly around my head,
her pussy shoving right in my face so I could barely 
breath, she let her pussy jerk more and more, then she let
out a loud scream like moan saying "Yes, yes that is it, 
oh, yes, I am going to cum, oh please stop, please" I did not stop but continued by going wild inside of her 
cunt, my tongue going in and out, round and round, sucking,
licking, moving all over the inside of her pussy. All of
a sudden Kori came, her cum squirted out of her pussy and    into my mouth. I greedily sucked and sucked her cum
as it gushed out of her cunt, I swallowed her cum as each
wave came, Kori was going so wild, she could not control
herself, she pressed herself into me like I was heaven
on earth. She grabbed my hair and pushed my face harder
and harder into her pussy as she came and came, her cum
gushing out like it never would stop, Kori moaning very
loudly, finally she let out one real loud scream, pulled
my hair and shoved her pussy as hard as she could into 
my face and her cum just came out like buckets, I could not swallow it all, it spilled over outside of her pussy,
Kori moaned loudly again and screamed with pleasure, her
whole body shuddered for what seemed like minutes than
she just stopped and her body went limp with my tongue
still licking and sucking away inside of her cunt. I had
swallowed so much of her cum that I could not believe it, 
no one could cum like that. I licked up the last of her
cum inside of her, slide my tongue out of her pussy and
looked up to see Kori. Her whole body was filled with
sweat, her cunt had a lot of her cum on it, her face
had a look of pure exhaustion.  I could not believe it but
Kori still was asleep or she fainted, one or the other.
My god, Kori really enjoyed me sucking her cunt that's
for sure!  I brought my mouth back down to her pussy and
finished cleaning up her cum with my tongue till I got     most of it, I pulled away from Kori and sat up. Well
I said to myself, Kori had a good time, now lets see if
Amy will too! But before I turned my attention toward
Amy, I placed my mouth against Kori's ear and whispered
"I will be back in a little bit my little whore, I still
haven't fucked you yet" Than I kissed her mouth one more
Time and turned my attention toward her friend AMY.

   Amy was laying there with her legs spread open
giving me a good view of her cunt. I started licking
her cunt hairs then went up toward her stomach, my
tongue gliding slowly over her skin, I continued licking
the skin up to her breasts. I started sucking her breasts
with my tongue rolling around her nipples, I went from one
breast to the other sucking in as much of them as I could
into my mouth. I was horny as hell and knew that I would
not be able to stop myself from coming soon, so I moved my mouth to Amy's cunt and started sucking her pussy lips gently nipping them with my teeth. My tongue slipped into her clit going deeper and deeper, there was no resistance   as my tongue plunged all the way inside of her. I moved my tongue throughout Amy's cunt, touching her clit with the tip of my tongue. Pressing harder into her pussy I was able to get my tongue even deeper inside. I circled her clit with my tongue and sucked out her cunt juices, this excited Amy, she started moaning softly. I continued the sucking while she got more and more excited. Amy was now moving her whole lower body in a rhythmic motion, I pressed my head even firmer between her thighs, grabbing each leg with my hands so I would be able to move my mouth with the motion  
of her body. My tongue continued to roam deep within her
as she moaned softly. I reluctantly pulled my tongue out of her cunt, I wished I could continue sucking her but knew  
that I could not hold out coming any longer.  
   I moved my body so I could fuck her. I grabbed my 
cock and placed the tip between her cunt lips, I shoved
my cock inside of her cunt, she let out a gasp as my cock
went completely inside of her. My cock moved within her
cunt, pulling quickly up then shoving roughly down. I 
was rough in my fucking, but I was crazy with excitement
now, there was no time to worry about waking her. I continued to shove my cock in and out. Amy was really
moaning and gasping now. Suddenly I heard her scream
"NO, STOP, MY GOD PLEASE STOP!" She was now awake but
it did not matter, I continued to fuck her as she was
pleading for me to stop, she tried to push me off of
her but I would not let her. I kept pumping my cock
inside of her, getting rougher and rougher. Amy started
crying and asking me to please stop. "My god, you are raping me" I heard her say. I told her she was damn right I was raping her whether she wanted me too or not!
As Amy continued to struggle and cry I kept fucking her,
my cock on fire inside of her pussy. I could not stop, I  was too far gone. After a half an hour of fucking I 
heard Amy start to moan, then her hips started to move
grinding her pussy into my cock, she was starting to 
enjoy it now and every minute she was getting more and
more excited. Now Amy was asking me to fuck her harder
and harder. "FUCK ME, YES FUCK ME HARDER" she was screaming,
I continued, my cock on fire, my mind not thinking. This
was the wildest fuck I ever had and I was an animal now 
and Amy was my willing prey. On and on I fucked Amy,, sweat rolling off both of our bodies, both me and Amy lost 
control, we were both moving our bodies to our fucking.
I finally felt myself ready to come, I fucked Amy even
harder as I reached my climax! My cum squirted out of
my cock into her pussy. Amy screamed "YES, YES I WANT
YOUR CUM INSIDE OF ME" My mind went blank as my body
took completely over, I was in a dream with pure one
hundred percent ecstasy taking over me. I yelled "YES,
OH, YOU BITCH YES, YOU FUCKING WHORE, OH YES YOU BITCH,
MY CUM'S INSIDE OF YOU" Amy's body jerked, her legs
were wrapped around me squeezing tightly as she screamed
"My god, I'm coming," Amy was having an orgasm, one 
like she never had before. She could not help herself as
her body betrayed her, so she let go to let her body 
take over. Her cum and mine mixed together overflowing
out of her cunt as we both climaxed at the same time.
We were both united as we lost ourselves to our mutual ecstasy.  It was finally over, I was spent, Amy was spent. We were both exhausted. We laid together, neither of us moving as we let the moment wash over us.
  Amy finally said "How could you, my god you raped me"
I looked at her and said "Shut up you fucking bitch, you
loved it as much as I did! Yes, I did rape you but you
wanted me too and you enjoyed it" Amy stared at me, knowing
that she did in fact enjoy it and still could feel her
body wanting more of me. Amy started to cry, thinking to
herself how could she want more, Kori's uncle had raped her but she wanted even more. She continued to cry while she
wrapped in body tighter to mine. I knew now that Amy
could not help herself, she was mine. I smiled at her
and said "Don't worry Amy when I am done fucking Kori,
I will let you suck my cum out of her pussy" Amy looked
at me in shock, she could not believe that I would fuck
Kori too! Kori was my niece! Then the full meaning of
what I said struck her. I was going to make her suck
Kori's pussy. She was starting to feel sick but knew that
she would do what I said.  
   "Okay Amy, now I need you to suck my cock, it needs
to be hard when I fuck Kori" Amy without a word moved
her face toward me and put my now limp cock in her
mouth.
   I needed something to do while Amy was sucking my cock
so I decided that sucking Kori's pussy would be the best
thing. I leaned down, lifted up her left leg and moved my
face between her thighs. My face was now right up against
Kori's cunt with her left thigh laying on the side of my
neck. I took a deep breath and smelled Kori's warm pussy,
the smell was sweet and overpowering. This sure was a 
wonderful night. I turned my head sideways so my mouth faced
Kori's inner thigh. My teeth nibbled on her skin as I 
sucked her thigh, my tongue licked the skin that was
sucked through my mouth. I moved my mouth throughout her
thigh sucking, licking and biting as much I could until I
was ready for her cunt. Amy was sucking my cock and I felt
it starting to get hard again. I was surprised at the cock
sucking job that Amy was doing, it was as if she fell in
love with it. Amy was still able to take my whole cock in
her mouth even though it was getting bigger and bigger, I 
could feel the air rush in her mouth as she was moving
her mouth up and down on it. Amy sure knew how to give a
great blow job! She was so good that I decided to let her
suck my cock until I came, then I would have her continue
sucking it till I got hard again. Kori would have to wait
until Amy was done, than after Amy got my cock hard again
I would stick it inside of her pussy. I decided that sucking
and eating Kori's cunt while Amy  was giving me the whole
blow job would get her so excited that she would be begging 
for me to stick my cock inside of her, so I made Kori wait
for the best fuck she was ever going to have in her young
life. My mouth was still moving around Kori's left thigh
while I made this decision. I now wanted Kori to wake up and know that it was me, her Uncle Joe fucking her! But that
could wait until I was ready for her, I wanted her to wake
up slowly as I was sucking her cunt so she would beg me
to fuck her.
   I moved my mouth back toward her cunt sucking her
cunt lips into my mouth. I sucked each lip completely inside
of my mouth, biting them lightly between my teeth while 
running my tongue over them. I delayed going inside of her
for as long as possible so she would appreciate the skill
of my tongue. My mouth continued sucking her cunt lips for
what seemed to me an hour, but in reality must have been
about fifteen minutes. I finally let her little lips alone
and ran my tongue around her pussy, darting my tongue barely
inside of her cunt at times but never really let the tongue
enter her with more than a tip of it. My lips were pressed
hard against the outside of her cunt while my tongue played
this game. Amy was still sucking hard on my cock and it
was completely hard now. My cock felt so good as Amy
continued sucking it.  I noticed that as she was sucking
I was pushing my cock into her face with my balls bouncing
off of her chin. It was hard for me to keep my mind on Amy
or Kori at the same time. When I was playing with Kori's 
pussy I was so into it that Amy's sucking was forgotten, but when my mind turned its attention to Amy's cock sucking
than I forgot about Kori's pussy even while I was still licking the outside of it. I smiled to myself and thought
that life sure is great. Sara had grabbed my hand that
pressed against her cunt. She started moving my hand
back and forth over it while at the same time sucking my
cock harder and harder. Damn, I thought, Amy was really
getting off on all of this. I took the hint and jammed four
fingers into her cunt. I started to finger fuck her while
at the same time she was sucking on my cock. I felt Amy
gasp when I first jammed my fingers inside of her. My cock
seemed to feel everything she felt. This was mind boggling. 
Amy was being finger fucked by me while she was sucking
my cock and I was sucking the outside of Kori's cunt. All of
this was happening at the same time!
   Now I turned my attention back to Kori's pussy. Now was
the time for my tongue to completely enter her. I was just
barely darting my tongue inside of her but now with my 
faced firmly pressed against her cunt I pushed my tongue
all the way inside of her. Kori's cunt was very hot and also
very juicy. I let my tongue roam around as I licked the
walls of her cunt with it. In between this I sucked her
cunt juice into my mouth. My licking and sucking was now
getting her attention, she was again moaning, pressing
her thighs against the side of my face and moving her 
cunt around my mouth to get my tongue into the best position
for licking her. My tongue found her clit and pressed 
against it. Kori gasped and I could feel her pussy pressing
even harder against my face, her cunt hairs were brushing
against my face. My tongue rolled around her clit and then
her body started to jerk while she wrapped her legs together
hard so her thighs pressed against my ears. I could hear
her body react as she started to organism. Her cunt was
going crazy as her cum filled her. Time suddenly went 
very slow as I too was coming inside of Amy's mouth, who
at the same time was having her organism. There is was, all
three of us coming at the same time. Amy was pushing her
cunt against my fingers as I was jamming them inside of 
her, I felt her cum squirt on my fingers and felt her 
scream while she was sucking my cum in her mouth. Kori was
jerking her pussy against my face, Amy was jerking her
pussy against my hand and I was jerking my cock inside of
Amy's mouth! Finally after what seemed like hours all 
three of us was spent. We all laid still for a very long
time. I raised my head from Kori's cunt and looked up at her, I saw that she had again fainted and I smiled. I then looked at Amy and saw that my cock was still laying limply in her mouth and she too had fainted. I smiled again...... 
   After a few minutes the girls started to stir, first Amy 
came to her senses. I told Amy that we were not done yet, 
that I had promised her she could suck my cum out of Kori's
pussy and I have not fucked Kori yet. Amy looked at me with
disbelief and said "Haven't you had enough, I do not want to
do that to Kori."  I reached and slapped Amy right across 
the face. "Look you fucking slut, you will do as I say! For
being such a bitch and not listening do me, you now have to
stick your cunt on Kori's face so she can eat your pussy"
Amy was shocked, how could he. "Please don't make me, please." I laughed that grabbed her face with both of my
hands. "Amy, listen to me, you are going to make Kori suck
your pussy, you are going to grind you cunt in her mouth while I am sucking her pussy again, Do you understand?"
Amy looked at me and knew that I was serious, that she
had no choice. She stood up and squatted over Kori's face.
Kori by now was starting to stir as Amy's pussy shoved
against her mouth. I quickly spread Kori's legs wide apart,
grabbed has ass and pushed my face into her pussy. I stuck
my tongue inside of her as deeply as it would go. I heard 
Kori's muffled moan as she felt my tongue in her. Kori was
still hot and started to grind her cunt in my face. Once again my tongue went deeper into her cunt and immediately
went to her clit. Kori jerked her body and my hands squeezed
her ass to place her cunt in the best possible position for
my roaming tongue. I started to tongue fuck her, my tongue
darting in and out. I wanted her to get use to the movement
inside of her. This way when I stuck my cock in her she would be doubly pleased to have a bigger and hotter tool in
her. Amy was grinding her pussy into Kori's mouth. I lifted
my head up and said. "Kori, stick your tongue up the cunt
on your face." Kori was so horny that we could not help herself. She did not even know that it was me who was telling her to put her tongue up the cunt, did not even
know that it was Amy's cunt that was on her face. She was acting by instinct, in her mind she was in an erotic dream, this was not real. Kori would learn that it was real very
soon. "Suck that cunt Kori, suck it as you tongue it." I said. Kori complied, she was now sucking and tonguing Amy's cunt. Amy was enjoying Kori's tongue, she never
had a girl eat her before and was surprised how good it
felt, so she worked her pussy harder into Kori's mouth,
grinding her cunt against Kori's face so she could get
her tongue in deeper. "Amy, you little whore, I want you
to suck my cock till it gets hard again." I told her. Amy
angled herself so she could comply and still be able to
press her pussy against Kori's face. 
   Amy took my still limp cock into her mouth and started
sucking it. She had never been as hot and horny as she was
now, she sucked my cock like a professional. To her my 
cock was her world now, it was something she wanted very
badly. Feeling Kori's tongue inside of her cunt made her
want to do anything to please anyone, she did not care anymore if this was right or if it was wrong, she had
lost control of her senses, there was no right or wrong,
instead their was my cock and Kori's tongue.
   Again I was surprised how good Amy's mouth still made
my cock feel, she was the best cock sucker I have saw. No
one could suck cock like that sweet little sixteen year old.
I brought my face back to Kori's cunt to continue were I had left off. My tongue went straight into her cunt, right against her clit where I went immediately back to work. I sucked, tongued and blew into her cunt for a long time.
My cock was slower in getting hard this time, but it was
worth the delay. Kori was really sucking Amy's cunt as
Amy was really sucking my cock. Both of them were moaning
with their mouths full, Kori's with her tongue up Amy's
pussy and Amy with my cock in her. 
  Kori's body started to jerk again and again as she had
yet another organism which in turn made Amy have an organism, Amy's body jerked and both of the girls started to moan and scream very loudly, it was exciting to hear
them do that with both of their mouths full of either cock
or pussy. This time they did not faint or even slow down, they continued to grind their pussy's and suck what was in
each of their mouths. My cock was getting hard again from
Sara sucking. Kori again came in my mouth, I had just got
done sucking up the cum from her other organism but she 
was not yet finished with her organism's. This time it 
seemed that she would never stop jerking her body and moaning into Amy's mouth. Sara felt Kori's moaning and
screaming in her pussy and also had another organism. I sucked her new cum as Kori sucked Amy's new cum. Amy
was deep throating my cock now, something she never did
with anyone before. She could not believe how much of my
cock she had in her mouth. My cock was touching her 
throat as she tried to get my balls into get mouth too!
My cock was completely rock hard now but I did not want
to take it out of Amy's mouth, she was that good. I knew
that if I ever wanted to fuck my niece Kori, it was now
or never, so I reluctantly pulled my mouth from Kori's pussy and told Amy to stop sucking my cock, that I needed it
out of her mouth so I could fuck Kori. Amy did not listen
to me, she kept sucking, I had to grab her by the hair and
pull it to get her to top sucking my cock. Even then Amy
started begging me to let her continue to suck it. I told
her that she needed to rest her mouth for Kori's pussy when I was done fucking Kori. I said "Amy, I have to fuck Kori
now, but when I am done you will suck my cum out of her
cunt won't you?" Amy looked at me and said "Yes Lee, I want
to suck her cunt so bad, please hurry up so I can." I smiled, Amy was now not only doing what I was asking of her but wanted to do it. "Now Amy I still want you to concentrate on Kori's tongue now, make sure she can suck
as much of your cunt as possible, you have to turn around
with your ass facing me so she sees nothing but you hairy
pussy."  Amy turned her body around and she did it without
moving her pussy from Kori's still roving tongue. Amazing I thought, she sure liked fucking of any kind.
   I finally got to mount Kori. This was going to be the
best fuck in my or her life. My mind told me that and some
how I knew that it was going to be true.
   My cock slid inside of Kori's wet pussy. It went in
all the way, up to my balls. Kori's pussy even felt hotter
than Amy's pussy or mouth. Kori felt my cock enter her, she
groaned and moved her ass up off the rug so she could meet
my cock with her throbbing cunt. This was perfect, Kori wanted cock inside of her and I wanted my cock inside of her, we both got what we wanted. I started to move my cock
in and out of her cunt, jamming it into her as hard as I 
could, while at the same time Kori moved her cunt with my motions, making sure that when I was pulling my cock out
of her she would lower her ass which would lower her cunt.
She then would raise her ass and cunt to meet my cock plunging into her. The combination of me fucking her matched
her fucking me. We both were in another world fucking each
other with complete abandonment. My cock kept going in and
out of her as Amy's cunt gripped her mouth, as she started
tongue fucking Amy. All three of us were fucking or being
fucked one way of another. Amy was jamming her pussy into
Kori's face, moving in rhythm with Kori's tongue fucking.
Amy once again had an organism, she could not stop coming
this time, her cum kept spilling into Kori's mouth as Kori
was swallowing as much as she could, Amy's cum was spilling
down Kori's chin as I moved my mouth down to lick it up.
I then stuck my tongue inside of Amy's ass, up her hole.
Amy felt my tongue inside of her ass and went even more
wild. Kori now had an orgasm while I was fucking her, she
jerked and grinding her body while she screamed inside of
Amy's cunt. I heard the muffled cunt screams and felt her
cum wash over my cock. My tongue still inside of
Amy's ass, I was now tongue fucking her up the ass. Amy
felt Kori's screams and it made her have another orgasm.
She could not believe anyone could have so many orgasm as she did, this made her grow dizzy as she felt her cum wash
into Kori's waiting mouth while feeling my tongue up
her ass. Kori again was swallowing Amy's cum as I was
fucking her cunt. Kori now had another orgasm, she was going crazy with pleasure as the warmth spread over her.
I kept fucking Kori for a long, long time while still tongue fucking Amy. Kori was still sucking Amy's cunt this whole
time. I finally felt myself ready to come and screamed out
"Kori, this is me your Uncle Joe and I am starting to come
inside of your pussy now!" Kori somehow between all her
pleasure heard me and realized now that it was her uncle Joe
who was fucking her. Her minded raced with this news, but pleasure overtook she thoughts as she felt my cum squirt inside of her cunt. Kori had yet another orgasm this one better than all the others combined. She screamed as loud as she could inside of Amy's pussy while I was completely overcome with my cum spilling into her cunt. My cum was inside of Kori and my mind was twirling with pleasure and dizziness as my cum squirted side of her. Finally we were both exhausted and spent, but Amy was not finished yet. "Lee, can I suck your cum out of Kori's pussy now." she asked. Kori now realized that it was Amy's pussy she was sucking. She never even thought of eating another girls pussy and Amy's pussy was the last thing she wanted. So she thought, but what she had already done proved her wrong. I bulled my limp cock out of Kori and told Amy to go ahead and do whatever she would like to Kori's pussy. Amy jumped off
of Kori and put her mouth against Kori's cunt. Her tongue plunged inside of Kori as she started sucking mine and Kori's mixed cum into her mouth, she swallowed all of it, she licked every part of Kori's cunt to get at anything that was left over. Amy got it all and then to her surprise she got even more as Kori who could not help herself had another Organism and more cum filled her cunt as Amy's waiting tongue and mouth sucked it up into her throat and swallowed 
her cum. While all of this was happening I was tongue fucking Amy's ass while my four of my fingers were fucking her cunt, while Amy was swallowing Kori's cum she again
had yet another orgasm and her cum spilled into my mouth as I swallowed all of it. 
   All three of us were spent, we were wiped out, our mouths were sore, my cock was limp while the young girl's cunts
were also sore and sensitive. Kori started crying as she
did not want her uncle's cum inside of her, she was not even
on the pill, what if she had his baby! Amy kissed Kori deeply and than told her everything would be all right once
she got use to the idea, after all she had felt the same way, but all that fucking and pleasure had caused her to change her mind. Kori would learn just like her. 
   I told Amy to get up and bring Kori to my room. Amy pulled Kori up. They both went into my room and climbed
in my waterbed as I followed behind. I noticed what a
nice ass Kori had and wondered what it would be like
to stick my cock in it. I never ass fucked anyone
before and Kori seemed like a good choice for that honor.
I told Kori to lay on her stomach. She rolled over while
I got a terrific view of her ass, it was like looking at
a beautiful breathtaking painting. She had such a fine 
ass, curved in the right places, the type of ass that
made me want to kiss, nibble, lightly bite and suck all
over. I had to get this on a video tape! I told Kori to
lay still while Amy kissed her ass. Amy looked at me and
smiled, then she leaned over and started kissing Kori's
beautiful ass. I watched for a few minutes while Amy 
kissed every part of Kori's ass then I left the room to
go find the video camera.  I came back into the room a
few minutes later with the video camera and a tripod and
set everything up. Kori was still in the same position
while Amy was still kissing her ass. I noticed that Amy's
fingers were moving up and down Kori's asshole. I quickly
put a tape in the video camera, turned it on and made 
sure that both girls were being videoed. I made sure
that I would be properly videoed when I too was on the
bed. Everything was all set, so I laid on the bed next
to Amy and Kori.
   I had Amy turn her body so her pussy was by Kori's
face and her face would be by my cock, so she could suck
it hard again. Amy was excellent at getting my cock hard,
I do not think that it would have been possible for me to
get it hard again without her. I mean that my cock has
been very active tonight and under normal circumstances
it would be very difficult indeed to get it in operating
order again.  I arranged myself so I could kiss Kori's
ass while Amy would be able to suck my cock. I told Amy
to suck it. Amy placed my semi-hard cock in her mouth and
went to work on it, while at the same time I started 
on Kori's ass. My lips started kissing her ass, moving 
from one spot to the other while Amy was sucking my cock
like a champion. Damn, that Amy was good at her job!
By now I had kissed every part of Kori's wonderful ass, so
I started lightly biting it now, slowly I bit her ass 
space by space. Kori was moaning very lightly now as she
was sucking Amy's cunt with her mouth and tongue. Her 
moans were somewhat muffled as they echoed out of Amy's
pussy. I now took my tongue and ran it slowly across her
ass, making sure that I did not miss licking any part
of it. Kori did not realize that she was being video
taped but I knew that Amy knew, but it did not faze Amy
as all as she continued to suck on my cock which by now
was hard as a rock again. Now was the time for me to
slip my tongue up Kori's asshole, so I moved a couple of
pillows over and lifted her hips, I then shoved the 
pillows under her hips so her ass would be elevated. It
was a beautiful sight with her ass raised up. I smacked
each one of her ass cheeks hard with my open hand. I 
heard her yelp inside of Amy's cunt. I smiled and then
put my face between her cheeks. I slipped my tongue inside
of her asshole, slowly and partially at first, then went
quicker and deeper inside of her. I continued to ass suck
her for awhile then pulled my tongue out. My cock was 
back to operating form now, thanks to Amy's mouth, so I 
told Amy to stop sucking it, She let her mouth go from
my cock and I moved over Kori's ass. Kori was still 
sucking Amy's cunt as I put the tip of my cock in her
asshole and stayed there for a few minutes, very slowly
pushing the tip in her ass and then pulling it out. I 
wanted her hole to be ready for my cock. Kori was to busy
sucking on Amy's cunt to realize what I was about to do
to her, she was enjoying Amy's cunt a lot. I could tell
by the way she was sucking. The sucking noise that her
mouth made was very audible and at the same time Amy
was moaning very loudly and pushing her pussy tightly
against Kori's face so she could get as much tongue 
inside of her as possible. I had the tip of my cock
inside of Kori's asshole now and knew that it was time
to give her a big surprise. This was going to look great
on video. I shoved my cock inside of her hole, it was
half way in when Kori reacted. She took her mouth from
Amy's cunt and screamed from the pain of my cock entering
her virgin ass. I ignored her screams and shoved my hole
cock inside of her asshole. This really got a reaction
from her. She was screaming "No, No, please no, it hurts
too much, please Uncle Joe don't!" I laughed and started
pumping her elevated ass. My body was making smacking 
noises against her ass cheeks as I butt fucked her. By
now Amy was not willing to just watch, she reached over
and grabbed Kori by the hair, forced her face against Amy's
waiting pussy. She said "Kori, stop acting like a baby,
enjoy being ass fucked and start sucking on my cunt again!"
Kori was dazed with the pain of my butt fucking her and 
from her hair being pulled by Amy, so she just plain gave
in and placed her tongue inside of Amy's cunt. Amy laughed.
Go ahead Lee, butt fuck the little slut while she eats
my pussy" she yelled. If Kori was upset about what Amy had
just said she did not show it, she just continued to suck Amy's cunt even harder, by now the pain had eased, so she did what she was told. Kori did not enjoy being butt 
fucked, but she could do nothing about it, not with her
uncle Joe showing any unwillingness to stop and Amy egging
him on. She was tired and sore, both her cunt, mouth and
now her ass.  
   I was fucking her ass with all the strength I could
muster, slamming against her ass which turned me on even
more as the ass cheeks bounced around with each smack.
My cock was worn out but I forced myself to continue butt fucking her. My butt fucking went on for over an hour, 
sweat dripping off of me and Kori. Kori somehow continued
sucking Amy's cunt. Amy Already had three orgasms during 
this time and was just having her forth as Kori sucked
in Amy's orgasmic cum again. Finally I came inside of
Kori's asshole. As I climaxed I used the last of my energy
getting my cock up her ass as deep as possible and slamming
my body against her as hard as I could. Kori groaned loudly
as my cum spilled inside of her. I dropped my body down
on her ass and back as I finished, totally spent for fucking
her ass. Kori stopped sucking on Amy's cunt as Amy moved
and laid next to her. Amy put her hands on Kori's face and
started french kissing her. Kori did not resist, she did
not have the will to stop anything. She was beaten, her
uncle and her friend could do anything they wanted to her,
she did not care anymore. 
   Amy finally stopped french kissing Kori. She smiled
down at Kori and said. "Now slut, it is time for your
cunt to be sucked again." Kori didn't even open her eye's,
she just waited until her uncle moved his body off of her and then she turned over on her back, spread her legs
wide so Amy could suck her pussy again. She did not do
this because she wanted too, but did it because she just
could not stop them from doing anything. Amy placed her
tongue up Kori's cunt again and started to move her tongue
inside of Kori. I had gotten off the bed and now had
the video camera on my shoulder as I zoomed in to Amy
sucking Kori's cunt. Amy sucked and sucked her cunt, but
would not moan or show any reaction to what was happening
to her, she was sleeping. I could not believe it, Kori
was so tired that she feel asleep while Amy was sucking
her off. What the hell, Amy certainly was not tired, that's
for sure, she was sucking Kori as hard as ever. Amy sure
loved Kori's pussy. I put the video camera back and 
jumped back on the bed, right new to Kori. I started kissing
her breasts and mouth while Amy continued sucking her
cunt. All of this went on for another half hour till 
finally Kori came again. She might have been out, but her
pussy still had life in it. Amy swallowed Kori's cum once
again that night. When she was done sucking all of Kori's
cum, she moved to the other side of Kori and fell fast
asleep in Kori's arms. I got out of bed and turned off
the video camera after first reloading it and then joined
the two teenagers on the bed. It was near sunset by now
and I was tired from my sex acts with Kori and Amy, so
I closed my eyes and fell asleep.

   I woke up some where's around noon. Kori and Amy were
still nude and asleep. I grabbed the video camera's 
remote control and turned the camera on. I also pulled
the blinds up so the daylight filled the room. Looking
at both of the young girls naked bodies excited me all
over again, my cock got hard as I gazed at their bodies.
I moved from where I was laying to Kori's legs, which I 
proceeded to spread open. Then I put my mouth against
her cunt and started licking it. At the same time my hand
reached over to Amy's pussy and I stuck three fingers 
inside of her cunt, where I played around by pulling them
in and out of her. While I was doing that my tongue went
inside of Kori's cunt, deeper and deeper, moving all around
her cunt with my mouth pressed against her pussy. Kori 
and Amy were now moaning in their sleep as I played with
their cunts. Kori suddenly woke up and tried to move her
cunt from my face, but I grabbed her ass with my hands
and keep her pussy against my face while I continued 
sucking and licking her cunt with my mouth and tongue.
"Stop Uncle Joe, haven't you had enough already, please
I don't want to do this anymore" Kori said as tears started
rolling down her face. I didn't listen to her and continued
on my cunt sucking adventure. Amy in the mean time had just
woken and angled her cunt so I could finger fuck her even
deeper. "Shit, slut, why don't you just shut up and enjoy
what Lee is doing to you, I mean you sure loved all that
fucking and sucking we all did last night." Amy said as
she leaned over and planted her mouth on Kori's. She 
started french kissing Kori. Kori tried to pull her mouth
away but Amy moved her whole body on top of Kori so she
could force her mouth to stay where it was. It worked,
Kori finally gave up and let Amy's tongue roam in her
mouth. I was still eating Kori's pussy with my cock rock
hard now. Amy pulled her mouth away from Kori's, got up
on the bed and sat back down right on Kori's face, her
pussy hairs rubbed Kori's nose as her cunt was right on
Kori's mouth. "Eat me you little whore, move that tongue
around like you did last night" she order Kori. Kori had
no choice with Amy sitting on her face like that. Her
tongue slid inside of Amy's cunt. My sucking of her 
cunt finally started to pay off, Kori started raising her
pussy so I could get more of my tongue inside of her. She
was getting excited in spite of herself. Kori's tongue 
started moving around Amy's cunt, making sure she did not
miss any area's inside of Amy, including Amy's clit which
she now kept her tongue as she pushed against it. Amy was
doing a lot of moaning now. "Yes, you little bitch, that's
right, your tongue is as good as a guy's cock. Damn you 
have the sweetest pussy in town, now you are trying to
have the best tongue too." Kori was now under my control,
she could not help herself because of how hot my tongue
made her. She was moaning in Amy's cunt as she sucked and
tongued Amy faster and deeper. Amy loved it, she was 
grinding her pussy against Kori's face as she was being
tongued deeper and deeper. Her clit was on fire. Kori's
pussy was all over the place now, she was grinding her
lover body as I held on to her ass cheeks with my hands
so I could keep my mouth against her and my tongue inside
of her wonderful cunt. Amy let out load moans now. "Darling
Kori I am going to come, get ready to swallow my cum my
little slut, here it comes!" She yelled as she stared
to spill her pussy cum inside of Kori's mouth. Kori's was
swallowing all of Amy's cum as it continued to spill into
her throat. Kori could not hold back, her cunt started
spilling her cum into my mouth as the same time. She moaned
in Amy's pussy between swallowing Amy's cum. Her body jerked
and jerked as she had orgasm after orgasm. My god I thought
she is still coming! Finally Kori was finished.  She still
licked the inside of Amy's cunt to get any cum that was 
left. In the mean time I continued to suck up Kori's cum,
with my tongue cleaning it all out of her cunt. Amy finally
moved her pussy of Kori's face and started french 
kissing her again. This time Kori did not try to turn her
face away, instead she eagerly french kissed Amy back. 
While the two girls where kissing each other my mouth
left Kori's cunt. I now had my cock against her cunt lips.
I shoved my cock inside of Kori's cunt. I went in as quick
and hard as I could. This surprised Kori who was completely
concentrating on french kissing Amy. Kori's cunt hurt from
the way I entered her, but she did like my cock inside of
her. She started moving her body with mine as she continued
kissing Amy, who now had her hands roaming over Kori's
breasts, grabbing and pushing on them. My cock continued
to pump inside of her cunt, quickly pulling out and then
just as quickly pounding right back in. The video camera
was catching the whole sex act the three of us were having.
Kori still did not realize that she was being taped! 
As I was fucking Kori she had another orgasm, her body
jerked against mine as her cum spilled on my cock. Her 
and Amy were still kissing and it was her now who tongued
the inside of Amy's mouth. Amy had grabbed my hand while
I was fucking Kori. She had four of my fingers inside of
her cunt as she moved her cunt up and down on them. Amy
was fucking my fingers with her cunt as I was fucking Kori
with my cock. Kori now had yet another orgasm and shortly
later Amy also was having orgasms. We all were to excited
now to care about anything but pure pleasure. On and on I 
fucked Kori. Amy had now moved her pussy back on Kori's
face and Kori was sucking her cunt for all it was worth.
It took me about four five minutes to come inside of Kori's
pussy! Sweat was running down all three of our bodies as
I finally spilled my cum inside of Kori. She had her final
orgasm as my cum spilled around inside of her cunt, her
body smashed against mine as she screamed in ecstasy Amy
had another orgasm too as her cunt filled with Kori's 
orgasmic scream. Her cum spilled straight into Kori's 
throat, making Kori almost choke as she was having her
orgasm. I was beat and laid down on Kori as Amy moved
to suck my cum out of Kori's cunt. Kori had yet another
tongue inside of her, she was still hot and moved her
cunt against Amy's face as Amy's roaming tongue cleaned
my cum from her hot little cunt. 
  All this time the film was rolling in the video camera.
I finally decided to point this out of Kori. "Hey you 
little whore, I have had the video camera rolling while
me and Amy fucked and sucked you. Yes you are a film
star, a regular porno queen." Kori was so hot from my
previous fucking and with Amy's tongue inside her that she
did not understand what I had said. She kept moaning and
moving her pussy around. I grabbed her head and turned
her mouth toward my limp cock. "Suck my cock till it gets
her again slut". I said to her. Kori opened her mouth wide
as I slid it inside of her. Kori eagerly sucked my cock.
My cock got hard again as Kori sucked it. She was so damn
good, almost as good as Amy when it come of cock sucking.
She was now deep thrashing my cock into her throat. Now it
was me who was moaning as she had my cock in her hot little
mouth. Kori continued to suck and suck my now rock hard
cock as Amy continued to suck and tongue her pussy, while
Amy was fucking my fingers. Suddenly Amy pulled her
pussy away from my fingers and placed it against my face.
I was now sucking and tonguing Amy's cunt. All three of
us were at our sexual peak. Finally we all came at just
about the same time, with me coming first, then Amy and
finally Kori. My cum spilled inside of Kori's cunt while
Amy's cum spilled inside of my mouth, while Kori's cum spilled inside of Amy's mouth. We all laid on the bed
in total exhaustion. Kori now looked at the video camera
which was still filming, she suddenly realized what I
had done, or should I say what she had done also. "No
not that, no, how could you film this?" she cried. 
"Because I love you Kori, I love you so much I want to
see you being sucked and fucked over and over. Matter
fact I just might make a few copies of the tape and pass
it around. You might end up a porno queen yet" I laughed.
Amy on the other hand thought it was great that I filmed
them. "I want some copies Lee. If Kori gives us any 
trouble I will pass them around to the kids in school." She
said with a sly look at Kori. "Sure Amy, my sweet little
cock sucker, you can have a lot of copies." I told her.
Kori just looked at both of us and continued to cry.
Just then Duke the family dog came started scratching the
closed bedroom door. Duke had not eaten yet and was 
hungry. I started to get up to feed him and then had an
idea. Duke was hungry, well I had just the food for him!
My decision was made, Kori was going to hold the dog's
food in her cunt while he ate his meal. I grinned and 
looked at Kori. "Guess what my little porno star, It's
Duke's now." Kori gasped in complete horror. "No, No, I 
can't do that, never, never! Anything but that.!" She 
cried. "Never say never slut, because never is right
here, right now and it is with Duke." I told her. 
I opened the door and let Duke in. I looked at Kori who
had a completely stunned and shocked look on her face. 
"Kori, Amy, get Duke ready till I get back." I said.
Kori was completely taken aback, while Amy had an 
interested look on her face. I had the dog lay down.
I told Amy to get on the floor by the dog and 
start playing with his cock. Amy moved toward the dog, 
she reached out and touched his cock. Duke was taken by
surprised and growled at Amy. I patted the dog and told
him to calm down, that it would be okay. Amy continued
to play with Duke's cock as me and Kori watched. We could
see that Duke was getting excited now, just by seeing
how hard his cock started to get. Duke started to move
but I kept him down. This was going to be harder then I 
thought. I told Kori to sit spread legged by the dog till
I came back with his food. Kori shook her head and said
"No, not that, no." I told her to get her all over their
and spread those fucking legs of her before I beat the shit 
out of her! Kori started crying again as she moved toward Duke. She sat by the dogs muzzle and spread her legs wide
so Duke had a great view of her pussy. "Good Girl, now
do not move until I get back." She looked at me and shook
her head. "Yes, Uncle Joe" she croaked. 
   I went upstairs and opened a big can of dog food, then
went back to the bedroom. Duke's cock was rock hard
now as Amy was jerking him off. I told Amy to start 
sucking the dogs cock. Amy moved her face toward the dog
and put his cock in her mouth. She started sucking the 
dogs cock, it was at least nine inches long and on the
thick side. Duke started to move his body like he was
going to fuck Amy's mouth but I would not let him since
I wanted the dog to eat Kori's pussy. I moved toward Kori
and spread legs as wide as they would go. She was still
crying, but it did not matter to me. I mean it would look
great on camera. I spread her cunt lips with one hand and
took the dog food out of the can, I put it in Kori's cunt and kept putting it in till her cunt overfilled with the
dog food, which as about two thirds of the big can. Kori
was completely disgusted now, she was completely ashamed
at what she was forced to do. She had dog food stuffed
inside of her cunt and she could not believe that her cunt was so hot and horny! Amy was still sucking Duke's cock,
her mouth swallowed the cock completely as the dog was
jerking around. The dog suddenly came and his cum overflowed
in Amy eager mouth. She swallowed as much as she could while
the dog kept cum'ing and cum'ing inside of her mouth.
Kori watched in horror as Amy was eagerly swallowing the
dog's cum. Duke finally finished, but Amy kept sucking
her cock hoping to get it hard again. I pushed the dogs
nose toward Kori's spread-eagled cunt. Duke smelled his
food and started eating it off of the outside of Kori's
pussy. When Duke was done with the outside of her pussy
his tough started to lick the inside of her cunt.
I told Kori to press her cunt into the dogs face so he
would get the right idea. Kori reluctantly did as I said,
she moved her pussy into Duke's face maneuvering her cunt
so his tongue touched her hole. Duke had a big tongue,
much bigger and longer then mine, so I knew that Kori
would like it once the dog started to lick the lips  
of her cunt. Duke was real excited by Amy who had the
dogs whole cock in her mouth again. I could see how much
Amy was enjoying sucking the dogs cock. She was finger fucking her cunt while she was blowing Duke. Duke finally got the idea and stuck his tongue up Kori's cunt. Kori gasped but did not pull away, she moved her cunt with
the movement of the dogs tongue. Duke as really tonguing
Kori's cunt now, that big long tongue gave slow long 
licks inside of her so he could get at his dog food. she
was enjoying it now, even though I could tell that it disgusted her. I loved that part, here was Kori who's cunt
had dog food in it being eaten by a dog who she did not want to touch her, but as the same time she was so excited
and turned on by it she that was in ecstasy. Kori was 
really moaning now, the disgusted look on her face 
replaced by pure pleasure. She was moving her cunt all
around so Duke could get his tongue further and further
into her. Duke was licking up his food as quickly as
he could now, the dog was really into eating Kori as Amy
was sucking away at his cock. Kori's head was way back and
moaning was coming out of her mouth. I made sure the
video camera was still working and then walked over
to Kori, put my now hard cock into her mouth, jammed it
inside of her as deep as possible, while she almost 
choked. My hands were pulling on her blond hair forcing
her to take my cock inside of her mouth and started to fuck 
her mouth with my cock. Kori was so excited by Duke's
tongue that she eagerly let me mouth fuck her with my
cock. While I was fucking Kori's mouth Amy continued 
sucking Duke's cock, while Duke's tongue was really 
moving in Kori's hot pussy. This went on for some time.
suddenly Kori came., her cum spilled into her cunt as
the dog was licking the last of his dog food out of her
cunt. Duke thought that this was more of his food and he
long big tongue licked Kori's cum into his mouth. Kori 
continued to be even more excited after this and spread
her legs father apart for the dog's tongue than I thought
possible. Amy was still sucking the dogs now recharged
cock while Kori was sucking my cock with complete abandonment. Finally all four of us staggered
into a climax. The dogs cum spilled into Amy's mouth as
she eagerly swallowed all of it, which was a lot, while 
she fingered fucked herself into an orgasm. Kori's cum 
was spilling into the dog's tongue as he licked away. My
cum squirted down into Kori's throat as I fucked her 
mouth. Duke was shooting his tongue deeply inside of Kori
as she came. Here we were, all of us at just about the
same time cum'ing together!  Finally we were all done,
except for Duke who was still licking Kori's pussy. Kori
was again exhausted and wanted the dog to stop, but she
did not have the energy to push the dog away while he continued to lick the inside of her pussy. She just lay there and let the dog do whatever he wanted to do. Amy on the other hand had finished swallowing the dogs cum and was now sucking one of Kori's breasts. This was too much for me
to miss out on. I got down and started sucking on Kori's
other breast as Duke's tongue continued to roam inside
of her. Amy, Duke and me continued to do this to Kori for
a long time. Kori now was as excited as ever, she could not
help herself. Her Cunt was pushed up into the dogs nose
as he licked the inside of her cunt. Duke's tongue was licking up her pussy juices like a bowl of milk. Finally I noticed that Duke's cock was hard again. I decided that now was an excellent time for Kori to get fucked by a dog. I
made Kori get on her knee's. I had to push Duke's mouth
away from Kori's pussy, the dog really loved her cunt. When
Duke was finally standing, me and Amy lifted the dogs front
legs and placed them on Kori's back. We had helped the
dog mount Kori. While Amy grabbed the dogs hard cock Kori
was now realizing what was going on. She was so damn horny,
but she decided that she was not going to be fucked by
a dog in any way. I grabbed her head by the hair and
yanked her face down and ordered her to suck my semi limp
cock. Kori hesitated, but I pulled hard on her hair. As I
put my cock by her, she opened her mouth wide. I jammed
my cock inside of her mouth. She started sucking it. 
Duke was now fully mounted on Kori. Amy guided his cock
to the tip of Kori's Pussy and from there the dog took
over. Duke jammed his cock inside of Kori, who gasped
loudly. Duke started dog fucking her like she was a
female dog. I never realized how powerful the dog was,
but watching him dog fuck Kori surprised me. Duke was
not giving Kori any breaks, his whole body was moving 
his cock in and out of her cunt so fast and powerful
that Kori did not have a chance. Kori could not believe
the powerful thrusts of Duke's cock, the dogs cock went
inside of her with such power, like nothing she every
felt before, nothing she even thought possible. Her 
inside's were hurting, but not with just pain but also
pure pleasure. Me and Amy watched as Duke's body kept
pounding and pounding against Kori's ass, it was an
amazing thing to watch. Kori had pulled her mouth away
from my cock and was screaming for the dog to fuck her
even harder. Kori was going insane with pleasure as Duke
kept humping her. It took a long time for Duke to come, 
but when he did it was with such fierceness that Kori
gave a blood curling scream as the dog's cum spilled inside
of her cunt. She kept screaming and screaming and at the
same time kept telling the dog to fuck her and fuck her.
Kori finally fainted as the dog was still fucking her.
Duke was finished with Kori for now and Kori was out like
a light. Me and Amy picked Kori up and threw her on the
bed. We also climbed into the bed with her. Amy was licking
Duke's cum out of Kori's cunt but Kori was still out like
a light. Duke jumped up on the bed and started licked
himself clean. I started thinking about Kori and Amy. Amy was very helpful, she had a mouth on her that seemed to be made for sucking cock and eating pussy, while Kori on the
other hand was not really completely helpful, but she
had a cunt that was meant for fucking and sucking. I
knew that it would be difficult to talk her into doing
all this fucking the whole weekend, But Amy on the other
hand would help me convince her. Of course right now it
did not matter if Kori wanted to have her cunt fucked or
sucked, we would have to force her at times and at other
times Kori would be very willing to have me, Amy and of
course Duke do whatever we wanted to. I intended to video
all of us having all different kinds of sex together. 
Amy on the other hand had other idea's.  She had grabbed one 
of the tapes that had just Kori's uncle, Kori and the dog on
it.  She was going to make Kori and her uncle her slaves. 
