  Amy Zonn: Beauty Treatment (Part 2)
  Scott Grildrig
  21-Aug-1993


    It wasn't dawn that disturbed her dreams.
    It was the sound of sirens that woke her.
    She was confused, surrounded by blinding lights, laying down
  within a jumbled of broken tarmac.  She was naked, but for the
  lab coat.  Sirens shouted at her.  She cowered within herself.

    Then it struck her.
    She was small.
    Voluptuous, yes.  The hormonels were irreversable, but the
  gigantic size had been lost.  She did not move when the men
  came and lifted her, and put her in the van.  Her mind was
  aswirl with equations, formulas, theories, frightened out of
  her wits, Amy retreated to the comfort of her discipline.  She
  tried to figure out what had happened.

    One other man rode with her in the van.
    He did not avert his eyes from her naked body.
    She wrapped herself as best she could in her tattered lab
  coat, and tried to think.  Where had the mass gone?  She would
  have thought it impossible for her to have shrunk in this way
  without producing an enormous explosion.  She mulled it over
  trying various ideas on it.  When solving a problem between
  two systems, look first for differences.  Being small again
  was the problem.  What else was different?

    The euphoria.
    She was cold, frightened.  In her sleep she had relaxed, settled
  down into misty dreams.  Perhaps the energy had not been
  disapted, perhaps it was still accessable, only stored in some
  way.  She thought about it for a while, as the van raced and
  bounced down the streets.  She was dealing with quantum effects,
  systems that could be modified through observer interaction.  It
  seemed impossible that a chemical change could make an impression
  at the quantum level.  But that was the premise of her experiment.

    She needed to try something.
    The guard was still staring at her.
    Unfolding her legs, she placed her barefeet upon the cold
  steel floor.  Looking at the man from under her long lashes
  she slowly parted her legs, gave him a clear, unobstructed
  view of her honey-colored pussy.  His gaze drifted to between
  her long legs.  Having him watch her body was nice, but not
  arousing.  Amy slid her hand down her breasts, over her belly
  and into her lush blonde nest.  Combing the hairs with her
  fingers, she spread her vulva, giving him a nice look at her
  wet inner pinkness.  Her eyes stayed on him, his eyes stayed
  on her pussy.  Biting her lower lip, Amy lolled her fingers
  around her vulva, and tickled her clit.  With her other hand
  she cupped her right breast and toyed with it.  The guard's
  attention was rivited to her body, she could see the huge
  buldge in his pants.  Under her fingers her nipples began to
  harden, her vulva began to swell with passion, her cunt began
  to grow warm and wet.  Spreading her legs further she slowly
  inserted two fingers into her vagina and pumped them in and
  out, taking her time with each stroke.  Then she pulled her
  fingers out.  The guard's eyes followed her hand as she
  raised it to her lips.  She pouted at him, opened her mouth,
  and wrapped her lips round her fingers.

    He was perspiring.
    She was getting horny.
    Spreading her legs wider, she gave him her best come hither
  look, which must have been pretty good, because with only a brief
  hesitation he dove forward.  His mouth was a glorious wetness
  against her cunt.  Amy struggled to contain her moanings, felt
  the excitment churning within her body.

    Then it struck.
    Her body began to grow.
    She felt her ass slip forward on the bench, her head pressed up
  against the roof of the van.  Her dwindling cunnilingus lover
  didn't notice at first, and when he did look up Amy laughed and
  with a hand the size of a chair, pressed his face back between her
  legs.  His futile struggles were a big turn on for her, but it was
  getting cramped in the van.  More, her increased weight was making
  the van difficult to control, and the driver stopped.  Going around
  the back, he opened the rear doors, and Amy's hand reached out and
  grabbed his chest.  With some effort she squeezed out of the doors,
  reached in and grabbed her pussy licker.  Slamming him down on
  the ground she sat on his face, while she wrapped her hand round the
  other guy's head and rubbed his face over her nipples.

    Around her the convoy was coming to a confused halt.  Men poured
  out of the trucks and watched in awe as Amy continued her regrowth.
  Her two tiny lovers grew smaller and smaller in relation to her
  mindnumbing expansion, she was rubbing the one guy's entire body
  over her enormous breasts.  While she engulfed the other's head in
  her vagina, and left him dangling.  Someone began firing at her,
  but it was too late, she was too large for the bullets to do more
  than annoy her.  With a sneer on her pretty face, Amy climbed to
  her feet.  Reaching between her legs she thrust her tiny sextoy
  completely into her cunt, moaning in delight.  Then she cast aside
  her other little man, and advanced on the convoy.  The euphoria made
  anything possible, anything desireable.  The tiny man squirming in
  her vagina excited her beyond restraint.  With every step she grew
  larger, taller, towering over the tiny men, dominating them as if
  they were bugs.

    Looking down at them Amy licked her lips, her hands cupped her
  mammoth breasts, and she played with herself, while considering
  what to do next.  The desparate squirming of her vaginal prisoner
  decided it for her.

    "I HAVE AN IDEA FOR AN EXPERIMENT." she said, "HOW MANY TINY MEN
  DO YOU THINK I CAN FIT IN MY CUNT?" she pursed her lips, raised
  her eyebrows, "FIVE?  FIFTEEN?"  She grinned, "ALL OF YOU?  LET'S
  FIND OUT."

    Dropping to her knees with an impact that rocked the
  city, she reached out with her hand and plucked a tiny man up
  between her thumb and finger.  Spreading her vulva with her other
  hand she plunged the hapless tidbit into her cavernous depths,
  then reached out for another.  The tiny men panicked and tried
  to flee from her, their terror was intoxicating, and each new
  addition to her cunt added to her pleasure.  She crammed every
  little man she could find into the hot hungry wetness between
  her thighs.  The excitement, the sense of power was incredible,
  closing her thighs together, she trapped them within her body.
  She began massaging her giant breasts, teasing herself with her
  impending orgasm.  She wanted to cum all over her little harem of
  cunt dwellers, drowning them in her love juices.  She wanted to
  squeeze them, she dominated them, owned them in everyway, and
  she wanted them to feel the full unrestrained strength of her
  body's pleasure.

    Her orgasm was tremendous.
    She shouted her pleasure out with words of thunder, her gigantic
  body rocked the earth.  Buildings shook on their foundations
  as she let her body impose its lust driven will upon the tiny
  men in her cunt.  Her vagina spasmed, contracted, crushed the
  tiny men from every side.  The sensation was too much, and she
  screamed herself hoarse with release.  Then let the orgasm ebb
  like a slowly receeding tide.

    Exercising her vagina she ejected her batch of tiny lovers from
  her immense cunt.  There were still a few survivors in the cum
  soaked group.  But many were crushed, broken by her cruel
  sexual play.  She grinned, the euphoria was pleased, and amused
  itself by squashing some of the survivors.  She was a goddess,
  and they were her minions, here only to serve her erotic whims.
  Why her clitoris was a big as any one of them, and she demonstrated
  her superiority to them by squishing a few against it.

    One she saved, and raised him to her face.
    "Y'KNOW" she said, "I'LL WONDER IF I CAN JUST SCARE YOU TO
  DEATH?  SHOULD WE FIND OUT?  LET'S SEE." she grinned evilly
  at him, "HOW 'BOUT THIS.  LOOK." and she opened her mouth,
  then closed it in an 'O'.  "PRETTY BIG, HUH?  YOU LOOK KINDA
  TASTY TO ME.  SMALL AND HELPLESS.  I'M GOING TO EAT YOU LITTLE
  MAN.  HOW WOULD YOU LIKE TO GO?  SHOULD I JUST SWALLOW YOU
  WHOLE AND LET DROWN AND DISSOLVE IN MY STOMACH?  OR SHOULD I
  CHEW FIRST, GRIND YOU BETWEEN MY TEETH." and she sanpped them
  together.  "I KNOW." she laughed.  "I COULD BITE YOU.  START
  AT YOUR FEET AND NIP OFF LITTLE BITS OF YOU UNTIL YOU'RE
  GONE.  OR HOW ABOUT DROWN YOU IN MY SALIVA?  I'M DROOLING JUST
  THINKING ABOUT HOW YOU'LL TASTE.  WOULD YOU LIKE TO GO IN
  THERE WITH MY TONGUE, IT'S BIGGER THAN YOU ARE, I THINK I
  COULD CRUSH YOU WITH IT.  MAYBE I COULD SUCK ALL THE AIR OUT
  AND LEAVE YOU GASPING, OR PUFF UP MY CHEEKS, OR ALTERNATE
  REAL FAST.  GEE, I GUESS THERE ARE A LOT OF WAYS I COULD
  TORTURE YOU JUST WITH MY MOUTH.  HELLO?" he had gone limp, but
  whether he was dead or just fainted, she couldn't say.  She
  looked him hm for a moment, then with a shrug tossed him into
  her mouth and swallowed him whole.

    The experiance of eating a tiny man riviled that of fucking
  them whole.  Amy felt big and invulnerable, wild and untameable.
  Nothing could match her, nothing could compete with her, she
  looked at the toy city sprawled out before his and felt contempt
  for it.  It was a toy for her amusement.  And she played rough
  with her toys.

    Standing, Amy surveyed the city.  If she wanted to stay big,
  she had to stay excited.  She decided that some wanton mayhem
  was in order, and twisting on her right foot, lashed out with
  her left.  Her barefoot smashed through two buildings, scattering
  wreckage everywhere.  Stepping forward she placed her hand on
  another and shoved, it cracked and toppled.  Raising her foot she
  stomped on a diminutive house, then swung her hip against a
  skyscraper and watched it collapse into ruin.  Panting, she pulled
  off her torn dirty lab coat, hunched down and charged one of the
  larger buildings.  It blew apart under the impact, and she laughed
  and kicked a smaller building.  Then she went on a stomping
  spree, cars, trucks houses, and the occasional people were
  flattened under her soles.  Dropping to all fours she crawled around
  crushing things under the weight of her hands.  Wrapping her fingers
  around one house she crushed it like an eggshell.  Another was
  demolished under her heavy fist.  She battered at one with her
  behemoth breasts, then squashed a little man who ran out of it
  with her nipple.  Laying down she rolled, just wanting to feel
  tiny things breaking under her weight.

    When she stopped, she was prone.
    Her head was near to the ground.
    She saw a tiny man quaking in fear before her.  The euphoria spoke
  and she bent her head and poked her tongue out.  He stuck to it and
  she drew him into her mouth.  Laying there she closed her eyes and
  concentrated on his movements within her mouth.  Toying with him
  with her tongue, she could taste his fear of her.  She almost started
  chewing, but changed her mind and spat him out onto her hand.
    "KEEP ME AROUSED, AND YOU CAN LIVE." she told him, and laying back
  set him upon her right breast.  He was so tiny, clambering up the
  enormous swell of her tit, it was like a hill to him.  And at its top
  her nipple rose out of her brown bumpy areole like the foundation of
  a tower.  "GET ON TOP OF IT." she commanded, and watched him leap and
  catch the top of her nipple, then pull himself up.  "NOW RUB IT."  He
  began stroking the sensitive tip with his hands, "HARDER, LITTLE MAN,
  I CAN'T FEEL YOU." he worked harder, pounding her nipple, flailing
  his arms.  "THAT'S BETTER." she purred.

    She watched him for a while, then decided she had to have more.
  Ignoring him she rose to her feet, he clung frantically to her nipple
  as she stood.  Scouting around she succeeded in flushing out several
  more tiny men.  Just to give them something to think about she took
  one and stuffed him deep into her cunt.  Then she assigned three
  apiece to her nipples, four to her vulva, the rest she squashed
  under her fingers.
    "OKAY FELLAS" she said, "STRIP FOR ME." there was no argument.
  "GOOD.  NOW, MAKE ME CUM, AND I MIGHT LET YOU LIVE." and she laid
  back and closed her eyes.  She felt tiny feet on her breasts, tiny
  hands on her nipples.  Between her legs she felt tiny men clamboring
  through her pussy hairs.  When they started on her clit, she started
  moaning.  What woman ever needed ten men to get her off?  She sighed
  and resisted the temptation to masturbate.  The tiny man deep inside
  of her vagina was a writhing delight, and she squeezed him playfully.

    "KEEP IT UP BOYS" she said, "YOU'RE DOING FINE."
    Amy began to writh under their efforts, her hands twitching, the
  little men clung fearfully to her heaving body, but dared not stop
  their ministrations.  Amy worked her cunt, cruelly pressing her
  little slave with the muscles of her vagina.  Her head tossed from
  side to side, her golden hair flying.  She stopped, staring with
  glazed eyes at the men on her breasts, she was panting with tension,
  straining towards the blessed release of orgasm.  The men on her
  left breast watched in fear as her right hand rose and fell on
  their commrades.  While further down, her left hand sought to
  finish her rising pleasure.  "OOOOOH, SQUIRM.....YAH....." she
  ground the one group between her nipple and her hand, while with
  her left hand she mashed the others against her clit.  She squashed
  them and massaged them into her pussy.  The little men on her left
  breast quaked in fear when Amy orgasmed.

    She thrashed wildly, screaming with delight, her body was molten
  fire, her cunt a volcano.  The tiny man in her vagina was
  ruthlessly crushed by her mighty spasms, she laughed and shouted
  and played her body.  She orgasmed a half a dozen times.  Then
  relaxing, she let her body luxeriate in the afterglow.  The tiny
  survivors watched in horror as she licked her fingers clean of
  their comrades, mingled with her lucious juices.

    "WELL FELLAS." she laughed, "I GUESS I GOT CAUGHT UP IN ALL THE
  EXCITEMENT.  YOU CAN'T IMAGINE HOW EASY THAT IS." he stretched
  and sighed.  "IF YOU CAN FIGURE OUT HOW TO GET DOWN, YOU CAN GO.
  YOU MIGHT WANT TO HURRY, THOUGH, I CAN'T SEEM TO GET ENOUGH AND
  MIGHT CHANGE MY MIND.  WHY DON'T YOU CLIMB DOWN MY CUNT?"

    The tiny men needed no prompting.  She felt them scurry down her
  enormous breast.  Their tiny feet ran across her belly and down to
  her pussy.  There weren't many ways off her body, but they would
  have willingly jumped.  She felt them struggle through her lush
  mat of pussy hairs, then climb down her vulva.  The hairs grew
  scarcer and finer, but they managed to reach the ground between
  her gigantic buttocks, and ran for their lives.


                                 * * * * * *


    Amy tried a few more experiments.
    Stepping on a mob was a different sensation, her barefoot covered
  dozens at a time.  First it was all crunchy poppy, then a warm
  gooey muddy mess.  She showed the crowd the bottom of her foot
  before stepping down again, they didn't seem to like that either.
  It must have been an awesome sight, she thought, realizing that
  this colossal woman was about to step on you.  Making eye contact
  with her, watching her swing her great leg forward and raise her
  foot into the air.  Seeing the dirty wrinkled sole of her gigantic
  barefoot getting bigger and bigger as she lowered it, until it
  blotted out the sky with its giant size.  Then the ponderous weight
  of it, the sounds of other little men being squished, feeling the
  pressure increase...
    Amy shook her head, grinned at the tiny crowd, lifted her
  barefoot, and stepped on some more.  Doing it as slowly as
  possible, savoring their helplessness, anticipating the moment
  when they crunched under her foot.

    Amy experimented with lactation.
    She found a tiny man, and set him upon her nipple, and commanded
  him to please her.  She concentrated on the stimulation, felt her
  glands begin to swell, and her tits to harden.  She squeezed her
  breast, and was delighted when she nearly blew the little man off
  her nipple with jets of her milk.
    She filled the palm of her hand with the stuff, and made him swim
  in it.  Then she raised her palm to her mouth, and sucked him and
  the milk into her mouth.  She swallowed the milk, liked it.  Cupping
  her hands under her right breast she lifted it and bent her head.
    Amy suckled herself.
    The little man struggled desparately in her working mouth, trying
  to avoid being mashed between her lips, her tongue and her nipple.
  When suddenly her nipple began streaming warm sweet milk into her
  mouth.  He screamed and gurgled as the stuff blasted him, and gushed
  down his throat.  He swam in it, thrashing wildly.  And when Amy
  had a mouthfull, he felt her tongue undulate beneath him, and
  carry him back towards her throat.  He shrieked and tried to cling
  to her tongue, but to no avail, he slipped off and was dragged down
  her throat into her stomach with a flood of milk.
    Amy licked her lips and suckled some more...

    Amy experimented with squishing little men.
    She was sitting, a group of tiny men trapped in a fence of her
  long tan legs.  Between her thumb and forefinger she held a little
  man.  Holding him up so she could watch him she slowly pressed her
  fingers together.  His arms and legs thashed wildly, she could hear
  him screaming.
    "BEG FOR YOUR LIFE." she whispered.
    He begged he pleaded.
    "KISS MY THUMB."
    He hugged her thumb, he kissed it.
    "WORSHIP ME." she said, and he prayed to her.
    "NOW SQUISH FOR ME." she giggled and increased the pressure.  He
  flailed wildly, she felt him crunch between her fingers, his head
  was thrown back and his guts erupted out of his mouth.  She rubbed
  her fingers together, turning him into a little grease stain, then
  flicked him away, and reached for another...

    Amy pissed on them.
    She herded a mob of tiny people using her feet, stepping on the
  stragglers, finally cornering them against some buildings.  Squatting
  onto her heels she, fingered her cunt, masturbating.  Then she spread
  her vulva wide, reaching in with her fingers to part her labia.
  There was a moment when nothing happened, then a monstrous jet of
  golden piss gushed out into the crowd.  The hot yellow torrent swatted
  the tiny people aside, washed them away like rice in a river.  Amy
  twisted her pelvis, covering the entire mob, laughing as her tiny
  victims floundered in her piss.  She flooded the area, and when her
  bladder was empty she watched the tiny people trying to swim in the
  acidic stuff.  Finally she tired of her sport, and reaching out,
  toppled a building into her little puddle, to sop it up.


                                 * * * * * *


    At first she only heard them.
    Didn't recognize them, at first.
    Then while she played with the little people, she began to see
  them.  Sleek military jets, surveying the area.  Watching her.

    Amy watched the planes all day.
    She found out what was happening.  She had caught a military jeep and
  interrogated its tiny driver, before dropping him to the ground and
  stepping on him.  Later they strafed her, and shot a few missiles
  at her.  But the power that made her huge, also made her invulnerable
  to such petty explosions.

    They were going to bomb the city.
    Certainly, they would not give up, but given the failure of the
  conventional weapons, she was sure that they were going to go
  nuclear.  Amy decided not to try and run.  She could shrink down,
  of course, but that would only delay the inevitable.  Besides,
  she had a hunch that it might not work as they planned.  So she
  amused herself by wrecking some more of the city and terrorizing
  some more of the fleeing population.  She waited.

    They decided to use a plane, instead of a missile.
    Amy watched it float lazily across the sky.  It was in no
  hurry.  Then it curved and accelerated.  And she waited.  Closing
  her eyes, and bowing her head.

    There was a tremendous flash, and a rush of heat.
    For an instant Amy thought she was going to be flattened by
  the blast, but then there was that sense of rising.  It was
  wild, like being in a rocket.  She felt heat, then smoke
  whirled around her, then there was clean air, thin though.
  The process absorbed the engery, reduced the destructive power
  of the bomb to a virtual firecracker.  The sense of rising
  stopped abruptly.  She slowly opened her eyes, and gasped.

    The world was spread out before her like a map.
    The bomb had already disapated, it had been unusually clean.
  But the smoke and vapour was at the level of her knees.  Clouds
  tickled her belly.  She had to be more than a mile tall, she
  figured somewhere between two and three.  She was glad they had
  only used a fission device.  A fusion bomb might have been too
  much for the process to manage all in one instant.  Her laughter
  rang for scores of miles.  Raising her foot she stepped on
  dozens of buildings at once, a more vicious stomp made the earth
  heave and every remaining building leapt into the air and
  crushed back in ruin.  She brushed the clouds aside with her
  hands and started walking.  The ground sank deep under her
  unimaginable weight, she left footprints the size of lakes.

    A whole town vanished beneath her barefoot, she savored every
  crushed building, every mashed tree.  Amy trod down hills and
  destroyed rivers.  A forest was like a mossy bed to
  her toes.  She was impressed by her size.  But really thought
  it was too big.  She dragged her toes across another town,
  left a crater the shape of a barefoot where a clover-leaf in a
  highway had been.
 
    A real lake served to slack her thirst, she emptied it in
  two handfuls.  Then Amy came to a coastal city, the ocean
  beckoned to her, but she stopped to play first.  Laying down
  she stared at the tiny buildings, most only the size of her
  fingers.  She plucked up a skyscraper between her thumb and
  forefinger, the strain was too much and it crumbled to dust.

    Walking on all fours, Amy crushed whole city blocks under
  her hands and legs.  Dipping down she lightly brushed her
  nipples over the city, delighting in the way the miniature
  buildings exploded at her least touch.  She wanted to rub her
  nipples harder, laying down her breasts covered an entire
  section of the city, Amy couldn't image what it was like for
  the little people.  She dragged her breasts forward, watched
  them roll over entire city blocks, she was a playful goddess.
  Feeling more than a little wanton, she rolled over and sat
  up, the city crunched nicely under her ass.  There was a
  stretch of undamaged buildings between her thighs, her cunt
  was larger far than any of them.  Inching forward carefully,
  she spread her vulva and gently closed her lips around a
  skyscraper.  She didn't dare move or she'd yank it right off
  its foundations.

    It looked delicious, her pussy kissing a whole damn
  skyscraper.  She tried to imagine what the microscopic men were
  seeing.  Her cunt was simply too big for the mind to grasp.
  She tensed, made her vagina dilate, then close, she bet
  that gave a few tiny men a heart attack.  Inching back slowly
  she felt her labia slip from the building, with about six
  inches between her and it, she reached down and began
  masturbating.  She knew the windows would be crammed with
  tiny men, trying to see her through the cum smeared
  windows.  She showed them her house-sized clitoris, inserted
  fingers the size of skyscrapers into her cunt and fucked
  herself.  Laying back she lifted herself into an orgasm,
  rubbing and playing with her pussy.

    Then she sat back up.
    Looked down at the tiny building nestled between her great
  tan thighs.  "THAT'S THE BEST SHOW YOU'LL EVER SEE." she laughed
  and crushed the building under her hand.  Rising to her feet
  she nonchalantly trod with barefeet upon the last few buildings
  on her way into the ocean.  She had to walk quite a distance
  before the waters were high enough to cover her.

    After a while she dove down.
    Then the planes came, the satellites spied, the subs toured
  the waters.  But she was gone...


                                 * * * * * *


    She dragged herself, sputtering, onto the beach and laughed...


                                 * * * * * *


    The tall voluptuous lady wore a hat and dark glasses.  It had
  been months since the two cities had been destroyed, but she
  still saw her face on pieces of paper glued to walls or flashing
  by on newscasts.  She wandered down the isles, watching the
  people, not really shopping.

    Something about her bothered the checkout clerk.
    "May I help you?" he asked.
    She flashed him a winning smile.  "No thank-you.  I'm just
  looking."
    He stared at her for a while, then his eyes widened and he
  hurried off.  She continued her browsing.  After a minute or
  two she saw the clerk again, talking to a security officer.
  Frowning she started to leave, then noticed another man
  standing by the door.

    With a sigh she headed for the fitting rooms.  It would not
  take them long to find her.  But she didn't need long.  She
  removed her clothes, admiring her body in the full length
  mirror.  She began to feel some anticipation, some excitment.
  She had been practising control, and had a fine mastery.  But it
  had been a while since she had let herself go wild.  She opened
  her purse and removed a vibrator.

    The security guards met at the fitting rooms, they heard
  the buzzing and the moaning and banged on the door.  The
  moaning stopped, and a woman's voice, deeper and louder than
  might be expected spoke.
    "Just a second.  I'll be right out..."


                                 * * * * * *


    The people in the mall wondered what the people in the
  clothing department were shouting about.  A few minutes later,
  though, they found out, and started screaming themselves...


  ...End...


