Anally Yours
    by W.R. as published in Variations, October, 1989
    submitted for BBS enjoyment by Brian Williams, HOuston, TX

A few months ago my wife of three months, Adelaide, and I were relaxing in bed
after having made love.  Adelaide snuggled up next to me and whispered, "Honey
would you like to fuck my ass tonight?"  I looked at her, eyes wide in amaze-
ment, and managed to mumble an affirmative response.  My lovely bride rolled
on top of me and with a devilish grin began to French-kiss me.

We spent a few frenzied minutes in foreplay ending with my wife lying on her
stomach and me nibbling on her delicious asscheeks.  When it was time,
Adelaide moved to the middle of the bed and slowly got up on her knees, 
resting her head on a pillow and lifting her beautiful bottomin the air.  I
was sitting on the edge of the bed spreading lubricant on my penis when I
heard my wife call my name.

I glanced over and saw Adelaide reach back and run her hands slowly up her
thighs intil they rested on her asscheeks.  She whispered to me in a sultry
voice, "Wes, put your big dick up my ass.  I need it so bad."  With that,
she pulled apart her asscheeks, exposing her asshole to my view.

This was without a doubt the most erotic scene I had ever witnessed.  I was
overcome by a sexual rush the likes of which I had never experienced and I
promptly lost control, semen spurting from my cock without even touching it.

After we finished cleaning the bedroom carpet, I told my wife that I had never
been so sexually excited in my life.  Unfortunately, I was unable to regain my
erection, since I had already come twice that night, so we couldn't follow
through with the assfuck.  I did ask her, however, where she had gotten the
idea for what she had done.

Adelaide reached over into her nightstand and brought out a copy of your
magazine from a few months before.  She showed me a letter about a woman
who had used anal sex and "naughty talk" to give her husband the thrill of
his life.  The letter related how the women would entice her husband by
spreading her asscheeks and then begging him to fuck her.

Let me tell you, reading that letter and thinking about how my wife had
looked when offering me her fine fanny made me determined to try anal sex
the very next night.  My wife grinned and said, "I can't wait."

I guess most men are like me when it comes to admiring a good-looking woman.
We admire her face, her legs, her bust, but we can't resist glancing over 
our shoulders when she walks away to check out her ass.  My wife has what I
believe is the most beautiful bottom with which nature has ever seen fit to
grace a woman.  When we were dating I made no secret of my appreciation of 
her bottom, although I never came right out and said I wanted to fuck it.  
She appreciated the compliment, as she worked out at a health club four days
a week to keep that beautiful body in shape.

Well, our foreplay the next night was more exciting, more passionate than
usual, as we both knew what it was leading up to.  Adelaide eventually got
up on her knees on our bed, her head down and her pretty bottom up.  In the
dim light, her ass looked mysteriously enticing, the shadows making her
curves even more alluring.  I lubricated my penis and spread some lubricant
on my bride's asshole, preparing it for penetration.

When all was ready, I knelt behind Adelaide and, taking my penis in my hand,
placed the head in the crack of her ass and moved it up and down, teasing her
asshole the way I tease her pussy.  Then I placed my erection at my wife's
puckered hole, put my hands around her waist and began to push into her.

This was a new experience for me, and I wanted to be sure I didn't hurt her.
Her opening felt very tight.  After a few moments, Adelaide's asshole began
to relax and the head of my penis slipped inside.  I felt for the first time
the delightfully tight grip of my wife's asshole around my penis.

I carefully pressed forward until my erection was firmly sheathed in my bride's
beautiful bottom.  When she was ready, I slowly moved my dick in and out of
her ass, using longer and longer strokes as her anus relaxed until I was
fucking her freely.

I wanted to make our first assfuck last, so I took my time and concentrated
on keeping my excitement under control.  Adelaide grunted and groaned with
pleasure as I rhythmically reamed her rear hole.  But then I could hold out
no longer.  My climax began as a tingling in my balls, and before long I felt
every muscle in my body tense up.  My orgasm hit me like the proverbial Mack
truck.  All I remember is taht it felt like a bomb went off in my head as my
penis erupted and semen poured into Adelaide's ass.  Her cry of pleasure told
me her orgasm was as intense as mine.

Later, I told her how much I had enjoyed what we had done.  She told me that
the feel of my hard cock rooting her behind, stretching her asshole to the
max, was unlike anything she had ever experienced in her life.  She loved the
feeling of fullness back there, she explained, and giving herself to me like
that made her feel so wonderfully submissive.  When I expressed surprise that
it hadn't hurt, she said that it was uncomfortable at first, but that the
slight pain had disappeared altogether once her rectum had relaxed to
accomodate my thick cock.  Then the thrusting inside her felt wonderful.  The
upshot of all this is that we decided to add anal sex to our lovemaking 
repretoire.  We'll enjoy it maybe twice a month, on those occassions when
we're especially horny and crave the excitement of  something delightfully
different. 
