Archive-name: 3plus/analyst1.txt
Archive-author: Hal
Archive-title: The Analyst - Chapter 1


Jan had started seeing Doctor Stevens only after getting tremendous
pressure from her best friend, Donna. Jan insisted that she really
didn't have a problem that required the services of a psychiatrist,
but Donna insisted that she talk to Dr. Stevens, so she went. Jan
still believed that she didn't need to go, but had been learning so
much about herself and her life that she went each week.  Besides,
she really liked the Doctor, and could afford the visits, so why
not.

I should pause, here to tell you a little about Jan. She is Vice
President of Sales with a medium size electronics manufacturer in
the midwest. She is respected by everyone who deals with her as a
tough but fair executive who knows her business and manages people
very effectively. Her sales force calls her "The Iron Lady" but not
in her presence. It is obvious the first time you meet her that she
is a beautiful woman who could easily have become a top paid model
or actress but in her role as a business woman, she tones the
beauty down to "attractive" by her dress, demeanor and sparing use
of makeup. She wears very conservative business suits, doesn't
smoke and drinks only a little wine on social occasions. Jan is
thirty-six, but most people believe she is only in her late
twenties. Those who know her a little better are aware of the fact
that she has been divorced for about three years from a man who
tried for five to deal with her strong personality but finally
admitted defeat and went to live with a woman almost ten years his
junior and seems to be ecstatically happy, now. Jan has seen three
men off and on, since her divorce but is "too busy" to think about
a long term relationship. Her only close female friend is Donna,
whom she has known since college and whom she trusts with her
deepest, darkest secrets. In fact, Donna is one of the few people
in the world who know about Jan's "other life", the one that
prompted her to insist that Jan talk with Dr. Stevens.

Six months ago, Jan was on a business trip to Boston when she met a
man in the hotel bar and found her self talking with him for hours.
Dan was unlike anyone she had ever known. From the first, she was
fascinated by his quiet manner and soft speech and the
contradiction represented by the "fire" she saw in his eyes. He
made no attempt to pick her up or hit on her. In fact, she was the
one who kept the conversation going and she began to realize that
she would have to say "goodnight" to this fascinating man and might
never see him again. That prospect made her sad and she resolved
not to let it happen. When it was time for her to return to her
room, she initiated an exchange of phone numbers and said she hoped
they could get together on her next trip to Boston. He smiled as
they parted and kissed her very softly on the cheek (somehow, she
had hoped for more).

The next trip was only two weeks later. She told herself that it
was important that she follow up with the new potential customer
right away but deep inside she knew that the Northeast Regional
Sales Manager was the best in the company and could easily handle
things at this early stage of negotiations. She had never before
arranged a business trip for personal reasons and refused to admit
to herself that she was doing so now. Dan picked her up at her
hotel and they talked of nothing in particular as he drove her to a
small French restaurant. Over dinner, she found herself drifting
away from the conversation several times as she tried to gain an
understanding of what she was seeing and feeling in his eyes. Over
coffee, she told him that she really didn't want the lovely evening
to end (hoping he would take the hint). He said, "We could stop by
my place for a nightcap, if you like." She had to restrain herself
from blurting out "Oh, Yes!" and said, demurely, "I think that
might be very nice." Dan looked at her for several moments, then
took her hand gently into both of his. It was like an electric
shock and she only half heard him say, "But, there is something I
think you need to know..." When he knew that his words had reached
her brain, he continued, "I am a very strong willed man and I
require my lovers to place themselves completely under my control.
If you don't feel comfortable with that, perhaps it would be better
if we had our nightcap at the bar in your hotel."

Jan only partly understood the meaning of his words, but she knew,
without question, that she had to be alone with him and the sooner,
the better. Her mouth was dry as she nodded slightly and replied,
"I'd really prefer your place." They talked a little as they drove
to his house but Jan's mind was filled with questions. She really
didn't know Dan very well and had surprised herself by saying she
would go with him.  She had a strong sense that she could trust him
and needed desperately to be in his arms and feel his body pressing
against hers.

It was a fairly large, old house on a quiet residential street and
it was obviously well cared for. Even in the dark, she could see
that the lawn was well manicured and dotted with big, old oak
trees. He parked the car in the drive and came around to open her
door. He took her hand lightly as they walked up the front steps.
He unlocked the door and reached in to turn on the hall light
before allowing her to enter. When they were in, he closed and
relocked the door then, escorted her to a very modern looking great
room. It was clear that someone had remodeled the old house
extensively and the great room had probably once been a living room
and dining room. She turned and offered herself for the kiss that
she fully expected. He took her (so gently) into his arms and their
lips met. Almost immediately, their tongues were teasing each other
and she felt a great welling up of need and desire. Too soon, he
broke the kiss and stepped back slightly, holding her hands in his.

"As I told you," he began, "I will expect you to do exactly as I
ask.  If, at any time, you want to stop, you must say 'That's
enough'. When you say those words, our time together will be at an
end and I will take you back to your hotel. Do you understand?" She
was shaken by the stern tone of his voice and the seriousness of
his words, but she nodded. Jan was beginning to understand that she
was to be submissive to his wishes and she found herself both
frightened and excited by the situation.  "After all", she
reassured herself, "I can stop it any time I want." It never
occurred to her that she would soon lack any desire for her time
with Dan to end.

"First, I want you to remove your pantyhose and panties.", he
directed.  She started to protest, but he held up his hand. There
was no mistaking the meaning of his gesture and she found herself
standing before him taking off her shoes, followed by her
undergarments as he had instructed. She looked around for someplace
to put the items she had just taken off but there was nothing
within reach so she just dropped them at her side. "Now, kneel down
and open my pants.", he said quietly.  Her skirt was short enough
that when she knelt, she could feel the soft carpet against her
knees, and she reached forward to loosten his belt and unzip his
fly. She was moving as if in a dream, now, and lowered his pants
and briefs to the floor. His semi-hard cock hung between his legs
and she was impressed with its size and shape and wanted to touch
it but wasn't sure if she was supposed to wait for instructions, so
she did nothing. Dan kicked off his shoes, pulled his socks free
and pushed the pile of clothing aside with his foot. He removed the
rest of his clothes in silence as she knelt motionless before him.
When he was completely undressed, he said, "Show me how you suck
cock." The words stung her.  "Why does he have to be so direct?",
she wondered and looked up into his eyes. He smiled and said,
"Remember, you don't have to do anything you don't want to do."
Using both hands, she guided the head of his penis between her lips
and began to lick it with her tongue. She was so aroused that she
could feel her juices beginning to leak from her vagina and run
down the inside of her thighs.

This is essentially the story she told Dr. Stevens on her second
visit.  The first visit had been spent getting to know one another
a little and learning to feel comfortable in the doctor's office.
The second time, Dr. Stevens had said, almost immediately, "Tell me
about why you decided to see me." Jan really didn't know how to
begin so she just started talking about how she had met Dan and
ended up becoming his "slave" and how "out of character" it was for
her to behave this way but she didn't want to stop. Dr. Stevens
rested her chin on her fingers as she listened to Jan's story and
when Jan had paused, reflecting on the scene she was describing,
the doctor asked, "How did you feel when he was in your mouth?" "I
wanted to taste his sperm.", Jan blurted out, then said, "I'm.. I'm
sorry. I shouldn't have said that." The doctor leaned forward to
touch her hand and said, "Of course you should. If that's how you
felt. I need to know your feelings and I don't want you to hold
back because you think you may shock me."

After a short pause, Jan went on. "It was really weird. Dan is an
O.K.  looking guy but not the type I would usually be attracted to.
But, when he told me, straight out, that he wanted me to suck him,
it was as though there was nothing else in the world I wanted more
than to make him come in my mouth. It only took a few minutes
before he tensed and I felt the fist spurts hit the roof of my
mouth and I had to start swallowing. He told me not to swallow but
just let it run out my mouth so I did as he said and I could feel
it running down my chin and neck.  I've never really enjoyed the
taste and feel of sperm before, but I remember thinking how
beautiful it was at that moment."

"When it was over, Dan told me to get down on my hands and knees
and I felt him lift my skirt all the way up and lay it on my back.
I felt very strange with my ass exposed like that but I couldn't do
anything else.  Besides, I felt a thrill like I've never known
before and wanted him to do whatever he wanted to me. I think I
knew he was going to use my ass, but I pretended that I didn't know
what he intended and just waited, kneeling on the floor while he
went to a table and took something out of a drawer. In one way, I
dearly wanted to look to see what he was doing, but in a more
powerful way, I didn't want to know. So, I stayed with my eyes
focused on the carpet before me as he returned and started applying
some kind of lubricant between my cheeks. He came around in front
of me and held out a vibrator that was very narrow at the end, but
gradually widened a little. About half way along it's length, it
became much wider and stayed that width to its very large base. Dan
said, 'This will help you become ready for me and I think you'll
find it quite interesting on its own. Have you ever had a man in
your ass?' I looked up at him and said (quite truthfully) 'No.'
Then, he went behind me and I felt the tip of the vibrator nudge
against my anus. He turned it on very low and moved it around a
little before working just the end into my opening. As he held it
there, I was aware that my vagina was positively flowing and I
waited for more. He was so slow and gentle, that there was never
any pain as he moved the narrow end in and out in a kind of rhythm
and pushed more and more into me until he reached the place where
it bulged out wider. Dan put his hand on my back and said, 'This
may hurt just a little, but it won't last long.' I tensed at his
words and he said, 'No.  You must remain relaxed.' and he pushed
forward steadily as I felt myself stretching to accept the wider
part. There was a sharp pain as I opened farther than I would have
thought possible, but it started to disappear almost immediately as
I felt the whole vibrator sliding in to the depths of my bottom. He
turned up the speed and started fucking me with this devilish toy
as I grunted and groaned and found myself pushing back to meet each
thrust."

"Suddenly, he pulled it out. I gasped and I felt him place the head
of his cock against my slightly open anus. He pressed forward
steadily until his stomach was resting against my cheeks and his
legs were tight against mine. I could feel him all the way up
inside me and I started to come. I kept coming as he fucked my ass
as deeply as he could until he finally came and slowly withdrew."

Dr. Stevens was quiet for a while, then asked, "Jan, why do you
think you liked it?" "I think it's because I'm always in control at
work", Jan replied, "and I really don't have a very exciting life
outside the office. I know I was searching for something before I
met Dan, and now I feel like I've found it. The other thing is that
it seems so 'dirty'. I was raised in a very strict environment and
all through college and my career, I've worked hard at being very
serious and straight. I remember thinking, as Dan's sperm was
dripping down my chin, 'If my sales people could only see their
boss, now!' It was really very exciting to think about but, of
course, I could never let anyone know I did anything like that (let
alone, loved it). It's hard enough for a woman to be taken
seriously in the business world without having people think you're
some kind of nymphomaniac or pervert."

"Do you think you're a nymphomaniac or pervert?", Dr. Stevens
asked. Jan thought for a while, then replied, "I guess I don't
know. In a way, what I let Dan do to, and with, me seems perverted
but when I'm with him, I just feel so free. That sounds funny,
doesn't it? That I would feel so free when I'm being his slave? Dr.
Stevens was quiet for a few minutes, then said, softly, "Are you
going to keep seeing him?" Jan's response was immediate. "I don't
think I could stop. And, I don't think I want to. Do you think I
should?" "I won't tell you what to do", the doctor answered, "but I
am a little concerned for your safety.  Suppose Dan decides to go
too far and no one even knows you're with him?" Jan said, "I really
don't believe that will happen, but it's a good point. Would it be
all right if I leave a message on your answering machine when I'm
going to see him, so at least you'll know?" Dr. Stevens agreed, and
told Jan she wanted her to think through what she was doing and
why, so they could both understand it more fully. Jan said she
would.

--
Archive-name: 3plus/analyst2.txt
Archive-author: Hal
Archive-title: The Analyst - Chapter 2


Gradually, Jan's involvement with Dan became more intense and more
"perverted" as she started to think of it. He would tie her to the
bed or a table and use all of her openings with his hands, mouth,
cock or any one of several toys he kept on hand for the purpose.
Occasionally, he used small clips on her nipples and vaginal lips
to "heighten her sensations", but when he could see that he was
causing any real pain, he would back off. As he introduced her to
new experiences, there were a couple of times she thought about
saying "that's enough", but in each case, she held it back and
ended up enjoying some new sensation. She continued to see Dr.
Stevens regularly and report her activities. After which, they
would talk about how she was feeling and each new adventure seemed
to increase her sense of complete freedom. The doctor was concerned
that Jan was starting to think of her body as Dan's possession and
asked if her new private life had been effecting her business life.
Jan said she thought she was becoming even tougher at the office
and that the knowledge that she could let everything go with Dan
gave her a new strength to face the challenges of work.

One evening, she was standing, nude, before Dan as he probed her
vagina with his fingers. She was very wet and excited and he told
her to put on her blouse, skirt and shoes. They were going out for
a little while. She started to pull on her panties, but he said,
"No. Just wear what I said." She had been wearing a short skirt
(about six inches above the knee) and a semi-transparent silk
blouse when he picked her up at her hotel and she knew that her
nipples would show clearly through the thin material. She also knew
it would be almost impossible to sit in the short skirt without
revealing her nakedness beneath it. She wanted to ask where they
were going, but instead, she dressed as he had instructed and went
with him to the car. As they drove, he put his right hand under her
skirt to continue fingering her and told her that they were going
to a small private club where she would be seen by several men and
women he knew. Jan was to do nothing to conceal any part of her
body from view while they were in the club, and she should act like
there was nothing at all unusual in the way she was dressed.

She was very frightened when he parked the car and came around to
let her out. They entered an unmarked door to a large, brownstone
row house in an area of town that she didn't know. It was a quiet
residential neighborhood similar to Dan's, but seemed to be
somewhat older. When they were in the house, she was surprised to
find it set up much like a small nightclub with a bar along one
wall and small tables around the large, open room. The back wall
was covered by a dark blue curtain and there was a rack of stage
lights in front of the curtain. She thought that there must be a
stage of some sort behind the curtain so that the club could offer
entertainment. All in all, the club looked very elegant. Each table
had a linen table cloth and was surrounded by plush, padded chairs.
The walls were paneled in dark pine and she noted that the drinks
were served in crystal. There were, perhaps thirty people in the
room when they entered and Dan escorted her to a table near the
back. An attractive couple was seated there and they greeted Dan as
he approached. Jan was introduced to Robert and Denise and Dan held
a chair for her to sit next to Robert. As she seated herself, she
was aware of Roberts eyes focused intently on hers. She started to
cross her legs but remembered her total lack of undergarments and,
instead, smoothed her skirt in her lap. She started to push the
material between her legs but caught a disapproving look from Dan
and left it as it was. Dan had placed the chair so that her legs
were pointed at Robert and she knew he could see most of her thighs
(at least). She looked at Denise and saw that the other woman was
staring at her breasts. Denise was in a low cut green dress and it
was obvious that she was also braless. After a few seconds, Denise
raised her eyes to Jan's and smiled.

They talked for awhile and she noticed that Dan sometimes placed
his hand high up on Denise's thigh as they spoke. Finally, he
turned to Jan and said, "The members of this club are all very
close and we tend not to be overly possessive." Then, he smiled and
nodded to Robert and reached out to grasp Denise's nipples through
the material of her dress.  Jan could tell that he was pressing
very hard with his thumbs and forefingers as Denise closed her
eyes, tilted her head back slightly and said, "Ummmmm..." As she
was watching, she felt Robert's hand touch her knee and gave an
involuntary jerk. She looked at Dan who was watching her intently
but he gave no indication of what she should do. She was sure he
knew what Robert was doing and decided she had better wait for a
signal. Robert's hand quickly found it's way up her smooth leg and
when he reached her bush, he immediately pushed his middle finger
deep between her wet lips and probed the top of her vagina for her
G-spot. He found it and a warm glow enveloped her as his finger
moved back and forth. When Robert withdrew his hand, he turned and
placed the moist finger at Denise's lips. Dan was still pinching
her nipples as she parted her lips and, looking directly into Jan's
eyes, licked and sucked Jan's fresh juices into her mouth.

Jan couldn't believe what was happening. She was sitting in some
sort of private club with a couple she had just met and everyone
seemed to take complete liberties with everyone else. She looked
around and saw that there was quite a bit of kissing and touching
going on at other tables as well and had decided that it was the
norm when she saw something two tables away that made her sit up
and gasp (she tried, but couldn't stop the gasp). A beautiful red
haired woman was kneeling between the legs of an attractive man and
giving him head. His hands were on the sides of her head and he was
moving her up and down on his shaft as he watched her intently.
Suddenly, she saw him move her head away from his lap and the
redhead opened her mouth wide to accept his ejaculation. Even at
this distance, Jan could see it shooting into her mouth and she
suddenly felt extremely excited. She had seen a few porno movies,
but this was the first time she had actually watched something like
this. Jan began to realize that Dan was speaking to her very
softly. "As you can see, we are all very liberal in our attitude
about sex here. I was just thinking how nice it would be if you
would show Robert that you are at least as accomplished in the oral
arts as Carol over there." (He nodded toward the redhead) Jan
didn't know what to do or say. She stammered, "I couldn't..  but
he... please don't...." Dan smiled at her, "You know that you must
do as I request... Unless you are ready for me to take you back to
your hotel, of course."

A wild mix of crazy emotions raced through Jan's head. She was
incredibly aroused by what she had just witnessed and Robert's
probing of her vagina, but how could she possibly suck a man she
had just met, in plain sight of anyone who chose to watch? She
looked at Robert and saw that he had opened his pants and was
holding a rather large erection in his hand, stroking it slowly.
She glanced at Denise who smiled and said, "Please, Jan, I'd like
to see if you can handle more of Robert than I can." She moved
between his open legs as if in a dream, but she knew that she was
going to do as Dan had "asked". Up close, Robert's cock was even
bigger than her first impression had indicated.  He removed his
hand and she guessed that it had to be at least eight or nine
inches long and very fat as well. She leaned forward to capture the
head between her lips and found that she had to open her mouth very
wide to accomplish even that. She closed her eyes so she wouldn't
know if others were watching and started moving up and down just a
little as she switched her tongue back and forth under the spongy
head entering her mouth. Gradually, she took a little more and felt
it pressing against her tongue and the roof of her mouth at the
same time. In less than a minute, she was lost in what she was
doing and could think of nothing but making Robert give her his hot
sperm. She toyed with his balls as she opened her eyes and looked
up to his face. He was watching her and gave encouragement with
small grunts and moans. She estimated that she was taking a little
over half his length, now and her jaw was starting to ache a bit
from its constant extension. That didn't matter. It didn't even
matter who might be watching. The only thing that mattered was that
she accept as much of him as possible and taste his cum soon.

Jan was consciously trying to accept more of Robert with each
forward thrust of her head. Without knowing what Denise's limits
were, Jan felt challenged to better them if she could. She thought
that would make Dan very proud of her. When the head brushed
against the entrance to her throat, she thought she might gag and
backed off a fraction of an inch.  Robert was holding on to the
arms of his chair (not trying to force her head down as some men
might do) and obviously very close to orgasm. She moved forward a
little and felt the head touch her again, but forced back the
reflex and held him there. Still holding her breath, she moved down
a little more and felt him beginning to enter the top of her
throat. She had two or three inches left to go and was
contemplating if she could go all the way when she felt the first
jerk along the length of his shaft and new that he was coming.
Reluctantly, she pulled free and held him just beyond her wide open
lips as a spurt of semen jetted far back into her mouth. She worked
him with her hands as he continued to rain cum onto her tongue and
over her lips. For the first time, she realized that Denise had
come to kneel beside her and was watching intently as she drained
Robert dry. When he was finished and beginning to soften, Denise
turned Jan's head and pushed her tongue deep into Jan's mouth to
share Robert's salty flavor. Jan had never been french kissed by a
woman before and was startled at how soft Denise's lips felt and at
how small and frail Denise's tongue felt in her mouth. When they
broke the kiss, she had not swallowed and let a little of the sperm
drip from her lips. Denise licked it onto the tip of her tongue and
took it into her mouth, then smiled at Jan and said,
"Congratulations, you have broken my previous record. I guess I'll
have to try harder, next time." and she winked at Robert.

Retelling this tale of her first semi-public debauchery to Dr.
Stevens, Jan felt positively depraved that she had done anything so
openly sexual but also intensely excited to be sharing this most
intimate story with another woman. The doctor asked Jan why she
thought she had been willing to expose herself this way in front of
strangers and she responded, "First, I knew it was what Dan wanted
me to do and didn't feel I had the power to refuse. When I saw
Robert with his cock in his hand, I knew that I would do it even
before I was ready to admit it to myself. And there was a strange
feeling of power in being able to make him come whenever I wanted
to. I didn't know any of the people there, other than Dan, and
wouldn't ever have to see them again if I didn't want to, so I felt
that I could be an anonymous 'slut' (there, I've finally said the
word I've thought so many times) without anyone knowing in my 'real
life' and I found that extremely exciting."

--
Archive-name: 3plus/analyst3.txt
Archive-author: Hal
Archive-title: The Analyst - Chapter 3


When the two women had returned to their seats, Jan was as hot as
she could ever remember being. If someone had asked, she thought,
she would lie on the table and let them fuck her right there. She
glanced around the room and saw that most of the other members were
busy with each other and gave no indication that they had seen her
"performance" but one older gentleman smiled at her and tipped an
invisible hat. She felt herself beginning to blush and was about to
ask Dan if they could go back to his place when the lights dimmed
appreciably and a spotlight illuminated the center of the curtain
before her.

A very handsome young man (about 25, she guessed) stepped through
the center opening and welcomed members and guests to the club. He
was dressed in formal attire and had a very full mustache. The time
had arrived, he announced, for the evening's entertainment. As a
beginning, Member, Kathy had brought along a young man she would
like to introduce to the group. A petit, blonde woman rose from a
table to Jan's right and walked to the stage as the curtains were
parting to reveal a long, low, padded platform in the center of the
stage. New spotlights came up slowly to light the platform in
shades of blue and green. Kathy was accompanied by a huge, dark
skinned man. He appeared to be at least six feet, six and was very
muscular with broad shoulders. Kathy had him stand in front of the
platform and spoke to the audience. "Fellow members, I would like
you all to meet Kevin. He has graciously consented to come with me
tonight (a slight giggle) to demonstrate his unique talent.
Please, show them what I mean, Kevin." Kevin's lips parted and the
pink tip of his tongue protruded between them. Before Jan's amazed
eyes, and those of others in the room, the tongue seemed to just
keep coming farther and farther out of his mouth. Fully extended,
it looked to be almost six inches long and Jan thought, "This has
got to be some kind of a trick or joke." He began to move it up and
down and she knew that it was real. When he lowered it, the tip was
well below his chin and when he held it up, it completely obscured
his nose and his sparkling eyes could be seen on either side. As he
was giving his little display, Kathy was untying the sash at her
waist and removed her wrap around dress to reveal that she was
wearing only a pink garter belt and white stockings underneath.

Kathy lay on the low platform at an angle and Jan could clearly see
her hairless pussy between her wide spread legs. The difference in
size between this giant man and the tiny Kathy was almost comical
and Jan had a momentary vision of what it would look like if he
were to try make love with little Kathy. Her head would be about
even with his stomach, she thought, and found herself getting even
more aroused as she tried to picture it. Kevin removed his shirt
and was nude to the waist as he knelt between the small woman's
legs and started to lick her calves and thighs. As he worked his
way up to the exposed lips of her shaved pussy, Jan couldn't resist
the impulse to move her hand under the edge of her short skirt and
place two fingers on her clit. She started to rub it lightly as she
watched the show before her. A large TV monitor lit up at the back
of the stage and it was clear that there was a video camera
somewhere overhead in a position to give a clear, close up view of
what was happening on the platform. She wanted to look for the
camera, but couldn't tear her eyes away from Kevin's long tongue
gently sweeping up and down Karen's open slit. He inserted the tip
between the lips and moved his head forward to enter her two or
three inches.  Jan's eyes jumped to the monitor where she could get
a closer look as he inserted and withdrew his monster tongue. Kathy
was squeezing her nipples and running her hands over her breasts
and flat stomach as she moaned in obvious pleasure at the deep
penetration Kevin was able to achieve.  Jan was fingering her clit
faster and harder as Karen cried out with the beginning of her
orgasm and, in the monitor, she could see Kevin extend his tongue
as far as possible and move his head forward until his nose was
pressed tight against Kathy's pubic bone. He stayed that way while
she bucked and kneaded her firm breasts while she called out in
release.

Finally, Kevin withdrew from Kathy and his face gleamed with her
juices in the spotlights. Kathy, still shaken from the intensity of
her orgasm, raised herself up on one elbow and said to the
audience, "As you can see, Kevin is quite unusual, but... there's
more." She smiled up at Kevin and he released the top of his pants.
He was facing away from the audience as he lowered the pants and
stepped out of them. When he turned around, there was an audible
gasp from several tables (Jan thought she might have been one of
them, but wasn't sure). Kevin's cock was at least ten inches long
and an inch and a half to two inches in diameter. It wasn't
completely hard, yet but seemed quite firm nonetheless. Karen stood
beside him and bending only a little took the large head between
her lips and sucked at it. She used both hands to slide along the
sides of the shaft and Jan could see that it was growing as she
watched. When it was almost twelve inches long (and fatter, if that
was possible), Karen turned to the members and guests and said,
"Unfortunately, my pelvic anatomy is a bit small to make full use
of this wonderful member but we're working on it a little at a
time." She smiled up at the giant beside her and winked. "I would
like to suggest that a volunteer come up here so we can see how
well Kevin uses that which nature has provided.

Hands shot up all over the room and Jan heard calls of "Oh, God.
Let me do it." and "Please... me!" Dan stood and addressed Karen.
He spoke quietly, but the noise of the room quickly abated so he
could be heard.  Jan sensed that Dan was one of the more dominant
members of this group and he was granted deference in all things.
"I have with me a first time guest.", he said, and Jan's heart
began to pound in her throat. "And, I would like to ask the
indulgence of those here assembled to allow my friend, Jan, to
sample this marvelous discovery first." He can't really mean it.",
she thought, "There is no way I'm going to let that monster tear me
apart." She looked at Dan with fire in her eyes and mouthed the
word, "NO!" He stood beside her, holding her arm in his hand, and
whispered, "Karen has already assured me that Kevin has complete
control and will not allow you to be hurt in any way. He will give
you only what you can accept and stop when you tell him to. You
see, this is a little gift that Karen and I worked up especially
for you and I really hope you won't spoil the surprise."

Suddenly, Jan understood the full extent of the power Dan had over
her.  She knew without question that she would ascend to the stage,
undress before all these people and accept as much of that huge
member into her body as she could. She didn't know why, but she
knew she was going to do it. Dan walked with her to the edge of the
stage and gave her hand to Karen who helped her step up. As the
petit blonde removed Jan's clothes, she was even more struck with
how small Karen really was. When Jan was completely nude (Karen had
even taken off her garter belt and stockings), she turned to face
Kevin. His body was well muscled without a hint of fat and his skin
was a light brown. It was hard to tell from his face if he was
Italian, Spanish or a mix of several nationalities, but one thing
he was was beautiful. Not just handsome, but truly beautiful. He
bent quickly to kiss her lips and she tasted a hint of Karen's
musky wetness on his mouth. He pressed down lightly on her
shoulders and she found herself slowly descending along his
gorgeous body. As she lowered herself to her knees, she leaned
forward to place a small kiss on his solid stomach, then she was
face to face with his tremendous member. She glanced to the side to
see if she could locate Dan, but the spotlights made it hard to
make out more than general shapes and she was glad that she
couldn't see the audience she knew was watching her.

Jan lifted Kevin's cock with both hands and placed the head against
her lips. It was quite heavy, as she had expected, but much
smoother than she had imagined. It felt almost like satin to the
touch and she extended her tongue to press against the small slit
at its end. "How strange,", she thought, "that such a large cock
would have a normal size opening." She licked her lips to moisten
them and allowed them to part as she moved forward capturing the
head. She had thought Robert was large, but the best she could do
with Kevin was the head and one or two inches beyond. Her mouth
simply wouldn't open far enough to take more.  Out of the corner of
her eye, she noticed the TV monitor and saw that there was
apparently another camera at a low level as her face filled the
screen. She normally didn't think of herself as pretty and when she
looked in the mirror, all she seemed to notice were the small
defects that no one else ever saw. But, in the monitor, she saw for
the first time what a truly beautiful woman she was (or, at least,
could be). She also saw her mouth stretched wider than she would
have imagined possible and Kevin's tremendous member sliding in and
out between her lips through a combination of her motion and a
gentle swaying of his hips.  She thought how sad it was that he had
probably never experienced a real oral loving as most "normal" men
were capable of. While she was doing her best to make Kevin enjoy
the limited access to her warm, wet mouth, she felt Karen applying
a liberal coating of slippery lubricant around and in her pussy and
suddenly remembered why she had been brought on stage. She felt a
slight panic race through her body and looked up to see Kevin
smiling down at her. She felt that Dan had told her the truth and
trusted Kevin to take it slow and allow her to adjust. He had most
likely had plenty of experience with that.

Soon, Karen lifted her gently away from Kevin and had her lay in
the same position Karen had occupied earlier. "Have to be in the
right place for the camera.", Jan thought with an internal chuckle,
and realized that everything was probably being recorded on video
tape as well. She hoped this adventure wouldn't come back to haunt
her, but at the moment all she cared about was having Kevin in her
body and she could deal with everything else later. He moved
between her spread legs and leaned down to kiss her. He parted her
lips with the tip of his tongue and she half feared and half hoped
he would fill her mouth with it. He didn't, but raised back up on
his hands to watch as she reached down and guided him toward the
thoroughly lubricated entrance to her vagina. She slipped the head
up and down along her slit a few times, then released him to use
her hands to spread the lips wide in anticipation of his first
attempt at entry. He came forward only enough to lodge the wide
head between her open lips and stopped. By tilting her head back
only a little, she was able to get an upside down view of his cock
about to enter her body in the large monitor. She watched in
fascination as he came forward little by little until the head had
disappeared entirely. It was a weird sensation to watch that other
woman on the screen being penetrated by a huge male member as she
felt the pressure against the walls of her own vagina as it was
entered simultaneously.

She released her soft lips and raised her arms to stroke his strong
sides and what little of his back she could reach. "So far, so
good.", she thought. There was a definite sense of being stretched,
but it seemed his girth was not going to be an insurmountable
problem. The head was all the way inside her and she felt him flex
back and forth a little rubbing the bulb against her inner lips and
the ridge that formed just beyond them. In addition to the more
than adequate lubrication Kathy had supplied, Jan could tell that
she was producing lots of fluid on her own and Kevin slid tightly,
but easily in and out. She looked down as about two inches of his
cock followed the head into her depths and felt the firm edges of
his head touching deeper parts of her. She let out a gasp and Kevin
looked concerned that he might have hurt her. "It's all right.",
she whispered, "It just caught me by surprise a little." Reassured
that she was O.K., he started moving in and out, gaining just a
little more depth with each stroke. She was on the verge of an
orgasm, now, and she put the back of her hand against her mouth and
bit against it so that she wouldn't cry out. When it came, biting
her hand didn't help much and she heard her self let out a sharp
squeak, followed by a long moan. She was coming hard and he hadn't
even gotten very far into her yet. What had she gotten herself
into? Was it possible to be fucked to death? He was still working
himself deeper and she was feeling as full as she had ever been in
her life. When the head bumped against her cervix, a new orgasm
began even before the first one had subsided and she was pushed
even higher. He stopped moving and held himself all the way into
her as her head thrashed from side to side and she heard herself
almost screaming with the intensity of her climax. She caught
occasional glimpses of the monitor and saw that there were still at
least four inches of Kevin outside her body. She wanted it all! She
wanted him into her until his stomach was pressing against hers,
but knew it was impossible. On impulse, she ran her hands across
her flat tummy and could feel the rise where his shaft was pressing
against the top of her vagina. He started fucking in and out from
her depths to a point where the head was just barely inside and
back again. She was coming continuously and thought she might
actually pass out from the intensity of it, but she stayed with him
and sensed when he was getting close to his own orgasm. She pulled
his face against hers and kissed him hard, then whispered in his
ear, "I want you to come in my mouth!"

That was all he needed. Immediately, he pulled out of her and moved
up to kneel beside her head. Jan opened her mouth wide and worked
his shaft with both hands. She was desperate to feel him pumping
and taste his warm cum. Her hands were soaked with her own juices
as she stroked his entire length and they slid easily along his
cock. She felt the first contractions with her thumbs along the
underside of this incredible instrument of pleasure. Almost at the
same time, a large spurt hit the inside of her cheek and ran down
to her throat. Soon, she felt as if she were taking a shower in his
hot sperm as it fell all over her face and into her mouth. She
didn't think he was ever going to stop. She was certain there had
been at least ten strong spurts and he was still releasing small
ones every few seconds. Finally, it was over and she pulled him to
her mouth where she took in as much as she could and sucked hard as
if trying to drain him completely (which she was).

She was aware of riotous cheering and applause but couldn't seem to
remember where she was or why people were cheering for a minute.
When it came back to her, she saw that the curtain was closed and
the monitor was off. Kevin lay down beside her and covered her body
with his strong arm as she drifted off to sleep.

Archive-name: 3plus/analyst4.txt
Archive-author: Hal
Archive-title: The Analyst - Chapter 4


She awoke with a start on a very comfortable bed in a darkened
room. It took a few minutes to shake off sleep as she thought about
the very vivid dream she had just had. Suddenly, Jan realized that
it wasn't a dream at all. She had actually performed sexual acts on
a stage before complete strangers (and, most likely on video tape
as well). After her initial panic, she closed her eyes and thought
back to how aroused and excited she had felt while it was
happening. She began to accept the fact that she had loved every
bit of it and knew that the applause and cheering had been directed
at her performance. She also knew that she would do it again and
the thought sent a thrill up her spine and made her tingle with
both desire and fear. She couldn't wait to talk with Dr.  Stevens
about what she had been through (maybe, she did need a shrink after
all), and somehow knew the doctor would understand and help Jan
understand too. She really did want to understand why she was so
excited by this desire to display herself to others sexually. As
she was thinking, the door opened a crack and the light from
outside made her open her eyes and look. Denise was looking around
the edge of the door and when she saw that Jan was awake, she
entered the room, closing the door behind her as she did. She came
and knelt beside the bed and reached out to stroke Jan's hair
(matted with sweat) and forehead.

Denise smiled and said, "I wanted to make sure you were all right.
Kevin was certain he hadn't hurt you, but when you passed out, we
were a little concerned. I checked you for damage and everything
seemed to be in order, so we decided to let you sleep awhile." Jan
said, softly, "I feel fine. Just a little stretched and completely
exhausted. I don't think I've ever come that hard or that long
before. What will they do with the tape?", she asked, sure that
there was one. Denise reached over to a nightstand near the head of
the bed and lifted a video cassette which she gave to Jan. "It's
for you to keep or erase or destroy as you see fit. I promise you
there are no copies. Our club is into open sexuality, not coercion
or blackmail. Dan removed the cassette and put it here himself so
he would be sure no one yielded to the temptation to make a copy
for their private collection. I'm sure every member would love to
have it (I know I would!), but we have very strict rules about the
privacy of members and guests." Jan was instantly reassured at
having one of her main concerns resolved. "I just hope I don't
catch anything." she sighed. Denise smiled again and lowered her
hand to stroke lightly across Jan's nipples through the light
blanket. "That's something else we are very strict about. No one
comes here unless the board is absolutely convinced that they are
free of disease. Dan had to submit a lab test for you before he
could arrange for your initiation.  You probably didn't even
realize we he had taken a smear." Jan admitted that she didn't and
tried to think back to when he might have done it.  He had
certainly had ample opportunities. Jan's nipples were beginning to
stiffen under Denise's soft stroking as the woman kneeling by the
bed continued, "The blood test was a little trickier, but Dan
managed it.  You can ask him about that if you want."

Jan felt her vagina starting to seep a little and wanted to
encourage Denise to continue her manipulations, so she slid the
covers down to free her breasts and Denise allowed her hands to
roam freely around the firm globes, pausing on occasion to lightly
pinch the distended nipples, as she spoke. "You are now a full
member of our group, Jan (if you want to be, of course). You'll
have to sign a copy of the rules and a release form, but that's
just a formality. I've never seen a new member turn on an audience
the way you did and when Kevin started coming in your mouth, I
think there must have been about twenty simultaneous orgasms in the
audience." Jan felt slightly embarrassed, recalling the semen
shooting into her waiting mouth and falling warmly on her face ("I
HAVE to see that tape.", she thought), but Denise was kissing and
licking her breasts, now, and she was having difficulty
concentrating on her memories or the conversation. Jan pulled
Denise's face up and tasted her mouth. The lips were every bit as
soft as she had remembered and she forced her tongue into the other
woman's mouth as far as she could. She thought she detected the
slight saltiness of semen and assumed (correctly) that Denise had
not been idle while Jan slept.

Denise slid her smooth hand down Jan's firm stomach and into the
bushy growth between her legs. She entered Jan with three of her
slim fingers at once and did not pause until they were fully into
her. Jan let out a gasp at the rapid penetration and the look on
Denise's face changed somehow. Her voice was different as she spoke
too, "You like it hard and fast, sometimes, don't you?" It was more
of a statement than a question and Jan moaned out a long, low,
"Yesssss..." as she was almost instantly grasped by the start of an
orgasm. Denise stopped moving and said, "I don't want you to come,
yet, my love." Jan wasn't sure how she could prevent it, but the
release slowly subsided. When she had relaxed a little, Denise
withdrew her fingers and added a forth to the tight bundle. She
thrust deep into Jan's wet vagina and brought out another sharp
gasp as Jan felt the woman's fingertips brush against her cervix.
She wanted to come, but fought against the intense need as Denise
worked her hand in and around Jan's depths. Suddenly, the fingers
were gone and she felt empty, as though there was a vacuum where
they had been.

Denise stood and removed her dress, then climbed over Jan's face.
For the first time, Jan was looking at another woman's pussy from a
distance of not more than two or three inches. She didn't think she
wanted to do this, but knew it was a requirement if she wanted
Denise to make her come. Jan's hands went to the soft mounds of
Denise's ass and pulled her forward so Jan's tongue could just
reach the lips. Tentatively, she extended her tongue and licked
along the length of the slit. The lips were very wet and Jan found
that the taste was slightly tart, but not entirely unpleasant.
Without warning, Denise pushed her hips forward and down and Jan
found her nose pressed hard against the protruding clitoris. At
first, she was afraid she would not be able to breath, but soon
learned that she could suck in air at the sides of her mouth as she
worked her tongue between the inner lips. She realized that Denise
was literally fucking her face, her hips moving in imitation of
intercourse with a man. Jan licked and sucked as best she could
until Denise pushed hard against her face and started coming.
Liquid was leaking from her vagina onto Jan's face and into her
open mouth and Jan started sucking it into her mouth and swallowing
as it came.

Finally, Denise pulled away and knelt by Jan's side. She once again
inserted three fingers deep into Jan and scooped up some of the
fluid that was present in copious supply. She withdrew her wet
fingers and brought them to Jan's face which was shiny with
Denise's own fluids.  "Now, taste yourself, and compare.", she
instructed and the fingers were in Jan's mouth and she could tell
the difference. She didn't know if it was because of her incredible
sate of arousal, but she sucked hungrily at the fingers and found
that she tasted wonderful. Denise repeated the procedure twice, the
last time rubbing the liquid across Jan's forehead and into her
hair. Then, she quickly inserted all four fingers again and started
to work the hand in and out of Jan's vagina rapidly. She drew her
hand out and when she started to push back in, Jan was aware of
something being different. The hand felt much bigger and Jan
realized that Denise was using her thumb as well. The other woman
did not relent and Jan felt her entire fist stretching the entrance
and working its way fully into her belly. Denise leaned down and
said, "Come now, Jan." It wouldn't have mattered if she had been
told to or not. It couldn't be stopped and she heard herself crying
out again as Denise fucked her with her fist. Jan's hands went to
her stomach and felt the large knot rippling the surface as it
moved up and down the length of her vagina.  Her body spasm'd and
she was aware that she was screaming as wave after wave of her
climax ran through her. She was half aware of Dan, standing by the
bed watching as Denise took her over the edge and, once again, she
drifted away to oblivion.

--eArchive-name: 3plus/analyst5.txt
Archive-author: Hal
Archive-title: The Analyst - Chapter 5


Dr. Stevens listened intently as Jan described her first visit to
the club. "Did you join?", she asked. "Yes, I really liked most of
the people I met there, and somehow, I felt like I belonged." Dr.
Stevens moved to sit beside Jan on the couch and took her hand.
"Jan, I've been starting to feel that you may be moving too fast
into this second life and not exercising enough caution. When you
mentioned the cameras and video tape, I got a chill down my spine
because I've heard of people being blackmailed with something like
that. And, you really don't know that much about Dan. How can you
be so sure you won't get hurt?" Jan placed her other hand on top of
the doctor's and looked into her eyes.  "Have you ever had the
feeling that there is a part of you that has always been there, but
never come to the surface?" Dr. Stevens nodded and Jan continued,
"Well, I've had that feeling for a long time and when I got
involved with Dan, I began to realize what that hidden part was. I
am a very sexual creature. I'm finding that I love everything about
my body and the bodies of other people and I've never been as happy
or free as when I'm having sex. My parents were very strict and I
went to a catholic school, so when I went to college, and later in
the business world, I accepted that sex was for procreation and
should only be pleasurable with a husband. Unfortunately, most of
my experiences with men tended to reinforce that belief and I
always felt guilty when sex felt good. Besides, the men I made love
with seemed more interested in relieving an itch than making me
feel good. I think if I had had a more "normal" sex life when I was
younger, I might not have this tremendous need that has built up
inside me for a long time with no relief, but it's there and I have
to find a way to deal with it."

"The club made me afraid in the same way that Dan does, sometimes,
but I found that I liked the fear. It's partly a fear of being hurt
or discovered, but mostly, it's a fear of the unknown. I really
believe Dan has everything under control and won't let me get hurt.
I don't know why I feel that way, but I do and getting the video
tape seemed to make me believe it even more. When I first suspected
that they were taping me with Kevin, I made up my mind that I will
NOT be coerced or blackmailed.  They can show it on 'Sixty
Minutes', if they want, and I'll find a way to deal with it in my
real world. I really do believe it is the only copy, and I'm toying
with the idea of giving a copy to Dan and, maybe, Denise with the
understanding that it will be for their enjoyment only." Dr.
Stevens looked concerned and suggested that Jan not do that until
she had thought it through completely and they had discussed it
together. Jan agreed, and went on, "You know, I've watched that
tape at least a dozen times since I got back from that trip and I'm
just beginning to be able to relate to that incredibly sexy woman
on the screen being me. The first few times, it was like watching
someone else in a porno movie even though I could clearly remember
it happening."

Dr. Stevens was quiet for a few moments, then said, "Would you be
willing to let me see the tape?" She wasn't certain that her
curiosity was entirely professional in nature, but she found
herself wanting desperately to see what Jan had described and,
perhaps it would help her to provide better guidance to her
patient. Jan nodded and said, "I have it in my purse. Would it be
O.K. if I watch it with you?" The doctor took the cassette and
inserted it in the VCR that was built in to the bookshelves that
made up one entire wall of her office. She pressed the play button
and took a seat in a large, soft chair where she could see both the
TV screen and Jan, sitting on the couch. She wanted to take note of
Jan's reactions to what she was watching.

The tape began with Jan being helped to the stage by Kathy. ("My
God,", she thought, "she really is small. She almost looks like a
miniature woman beside Jan." As the video progressed, it became
obvious that the club had at least four different cameras to cover
the low platform from several different angles. From Jan's
description of the club and what she could see on the screen, they
were most likely remotely controlled for pan, tilt and zoom and
whoever was doing the controlling appeared to be an expert at
covering live action. All in all, the tape was very professionally
done. As Kevin was placing the head of his huge cock against Jan's
lips, Dr. Stevens shifted her eyes to watch her patient.  Jan's
eyes were glued to the screen and her hand was resting lightly in
her lap. Her legs were pressed tightly together and squeezing very
slightly. It was clear that Jan was aroused by what she was
watching and the doctor encouraged her to describe her feelings as
the tape progressed. Jan talked very openly about how Kevin had
felt and tasted in her mouth and later, the sensations she felt as
his giant member was entering her body. Despite all her efforts at
maintaining a professional aloofness, Dr. Stevens felt the sexual
stirings within her vagina and knew that her own fluids were
starting to flow as she listened to her patient and alternately
watched her patient and the highly charged action on the screen.

As Jan talked and watched, she stole quick glances at the doctor
and began to sense that she was also becoming very aroused. She
started making her descriptions and comments more vivid and new
that she was intentionally trying to turn Dr. Stevens on. She
wanted her therapist to understand exactly how she felt as she
performed sexually before all those strangers and she slid her hand
under the waistband of her skirt and into the bikini panties she
wore underneath. She knew that the doctor could see what she was
doing, even in the low light of the office, but didn't care. Yes,
she did care. She wanted to be watched as she masturbated.

Dr. Stevens knew that she should stop the tape and get both Jan and
herself back under control. Her patient was masturbating feverishly
in her office and, worse still, the doctor wanted desperately to do
the same thing. Dr. Stevens had only been in practice for five
years and had never had a situation like this arise before. She
had, of course, been warned many times during her training that it
was her responsibility to maintain control of the session at all
times, but what could it really hurt if Jan brought herself to
orgasm while watching herself on the screen? "If only I weren't so
damned turned on myself.." she thought.

When the video Kevin pulled out and moved up to position himself
over the waiting mouth of the video Jan, the live Jan cried out,
"Oh, Yes!  He's going to come in my mouth!", and her real mouth
opened wide in imitation of the one she was watching, as her
fingers dug deeply between her sopping lips and her thumb pressed
hard against her clit.  Jan's orgasm began for real just as Kevin's
did on the tape.

The semen falling like big, white raindrops onto Jan's beautiful
face and parted lips was more than the doctor could take. She
turned to see Jan's mouth wide open as if wanting to feel and taste
it yet again and Jan's hand was working feverishly under her skirt
as she reached her climax. Dr. Stevens needed an orgasm as badly as
she ever had in her life, but she also needed to keep that fact
hidden from her patient.  Somehow, she managed to keep her
composure and suggested that Jan might want to go to the ladie's
room in the outer office and "freshen up".  When Jan had left the
room, the doctor went to the small private bathroom beside her
office and locked the door. She quickly lowered her panty hose and
panties and sat on the chair at the make up table. She raised her
skirt to her waist and drove two fingers into herself. She was
coming almost immediately and her fluids were running down the
crack of her bottom to pool on the velvet below her. She fingered
her clit harder than she could ever remember and found herself
enjoying the slight pain she was causing from such rough handling
of her most sensitive spot.

When Dr. Stevens came back into the room, Jan was standing quietly,
looking out the window. The doctor walked up behind her and put her
arms around Jan's small waist. She leaned forward and placed a
light kiss on the back of Jan's neck, pushing the soft, shiny hair
aside with her face. "Jan,", she said quietly, "I'm going to refer
you to Dr. Kelly. I think you'll really like him." Jan didn't move.
The arms around her waist felt very good, and she had half expected
Dr. Stevens to drop her case after what had just happened. The
doctor continued, "I'm afraid I can't maintain my objectivity where
you're concerned and I think it would be better if you see another
therapist for awhile. Besides, the next time you go to Boston...
I'm going with you. If you and Dan will have me."

--
