                                    The Analyst

                                                      by - Hal

                                      Chapter 3

      When the two women had returned to their seats, Jan was as hot as
      she could ever remember being. If someone had asked, she thought,
      she would lie on the table and let them fuck her right there. She
      glanced around the room and saw that most of the other members were
      busy with each other and gave no indication that they had seen her
      "performance" but one older gentleman smiled at her and tipped an
      invisible hat. She felt herself beginning to blush and was about to
      ask Dan if they could go back to his place when the lights dimmed
      appreciably and a spotlight illuminated the center of the curtain
      before her.

      A very handsome young man (about 25, she guessed) stepped through
      the center opening and welcomed members and guests to the club. He
      was dressed in formal attire and had a very full mustache. The time
      had arrived, he announced, for the evening's entertainment. As a
      beginning, Member, Kathy had brought along a young man she would
      like to introduce to the group. A petit, blonde woman rose from a
      table to Jan's right and walked to the stage as the curtains were
      parting to reveal a long, low, padded platform in the center of the
      stage. New spotlights came up slowly to light the platform in
      shades of blue and green. Kathy was accompanied by a huge, dark
      skinned man. He appeared to be at least six feet, six and was very
      muscular with broad shoulders. Kathy had him stand in front of the
      platform and spoke to the audience. "Fellow members, I would like
      you all to meet Kevin. He has graciously consented to come with me
      tonight (a slight giggle) to demonstrate his unique talent.
      Please, show them what I mean, Kevin." Kevin's lips parted and the
      pink tip of his tongue protruded between them. Before Jan's amazed
      eyes, and those of others in the room, the tongue seemed to just
      keep coming farther and farther out of his mouth. Fully extended,
      it looked to be almost six inches long and Jan thought, "This has
      got to be some kind of a trick or joke." He began to move it up and
      down and she knew that it was real. When he lowered it, the tip was
      well below his chin and when he held it up, it completely obscured
      his nose and his sparkling eyes could be seen on either side. As he
      was giving his little display, Kathy was untying the sash at her
      waist and removed her wrap around dress to reveal that she was
      wearing only a pink garter belt and white stockings underneath.

      Kathy lay on the low platform at an angle and Jan could clearly see
      her hairless pussy between her wide spread legs. The difference in
      size between this giant man and the tiny Kathy was almost comical
      and Jan had a momentary vision of what it would look like if he
      were to try make love with little Kathy. Her head would be about
      even with his stomach, she thought, and found herself getting even
      more aroused as she tried to picture it. Kevin removed his shirt
      and was nude to the waist as he knelt between the small woman's
      legs and started to lick her calves and thighs. As he worked his
      way up to the exposed lips of her shaved pussy, Jan couldn't resist
      the impulse to move her hand under the edge of her short skirt and
      place two fingers on her clit. She started to rub it lightly as she
      watched the show before her. A large TV monitor lit up at the back
      of the stage and it was clear that there was a video camera
      somewhere overhead in a position to give a clear, close up view of
      what was happening on the platform. She wanted to look for the
      camera, but couldn't tear her eyes away from Kevin's long tongue
      gently sweeping up and down Karen's open slit. He inserted the tip
      between the lips and moved his head forward to enter her two or
      three inches.  Jan's eyes jumped to the monitor where she could get
      a closer look as he inserted and withdrew his monster tongue. Kathy
      was squeezing her nipples and running her hands over her breasts
      and flat stomach as she moaned in obvious pleasure at the deep
      penetration Kevin was able to achieve.  Jan was fingering her clit
      faster and harder as Karen cried out with the beginning of her
      orgasm and, in the monitor, she could see Kevin extend his tongue
      as far as possible and move his head forward until his nose was
      pressed tight against Kathy's pubic bone. He stayed that way while
      she bucked and kneaded her firm breasts while she called out in
      release.

      Finally, Kevin withdrew from Kathy and his face gleamed with her
      juices in the spotlights. Kathy, still shaken from the intensity of
      her orgasm, raised herself up on one elbow and said to the
      audience, "As you can see, Kevin is quite unusual, but... there's
      more." She smiled up at Kevin and he released the top of his pants.
      He was facing away from the audience as he lowered the pants and
      stepped out of them. When he turned around, there was an audible
      gasp from several tables (Jan thought she might have been one of
      them, but wasn't sure). Kevin's cock was at least ten inches long
      and an inch and a half to two inches in diameter. It wasn't
      completely hard, yet but seemed quite firm nonetheless. Karen stood
      beside him and bending only a little took the large head between
      her lips and sucked at it. She used both hands to slide along the
      sides of the shaft and Jan could see that it was growing as she
      watched. When it was almost twelve inches long (and fatter, if that
      was possible), Karen turned to the members and guests and said,
      "Unfortunately, my pelvic anatomy is a bit small to make full use
      of this wonderful member but we're working on it a little at a
      time." She smiled up at the giant beside her and winked. "I would
      like to suggest that a volunteer come up here so we can see how
      well Kevin uses that which nature has provided.

      Hands shot up all over the room and Jan heard calls of "Oh, God.
      Let me do it." and "Please... me!" Dan stood and addressed Karen.
      He spoke quietly, but the noise of the room quickly abated so he
      could be heard.  Jan sensed that Dan was one of the more dominant
      members of this group and he was granted deference in all things.
      "I have with me a first time guest.", he said, and Jan's heart
      began to pound in her throat. "And, I would like to ask the
      indulgence of those here assembled to allow my friend, Jan, to
      sample this marvelous discovery first." He can't really mean it.",
      she thought, "There is no way I'm going to let that monster tear me
      apart." She looked at Dan with fire in her eyes and mouthed the
      word, "NO!" He stood beside her, holding her arm in his hand, and
      whispered, "Karen has already assured me that Kevin has complete
      control and will not allow you to be hurt in any way. He will give
      you only what you can accept and stop when you tell him to. You
      see, this is a little gift that Karen and I worked up especially
      for you and I really hope you won't spoil the surprise."

      Suddenly, Jan understood the full extent of the power Dan had over
      her.  She knew without question that she would ascend to the stage,
      undress before all these people and accept as much of that huge
      member into her body as she could. She didn't know why, but she
      knew she was going to do it. Dan walked with her to the edge of the
      stage and gave her hand to Karen who helped her step up. As the
      petit blonde removed Jan's clothes, she was even more struck with
      how small Karen really was. When Jan was completely nude (Karen had
      even taken off her garter belt and stockings), she turned to face
      Kevin. His body was well muscled without a hint of fat and his skin
      was a light brown. It was hard to tell from his face if he was
      Italian, Spanish or a mix of several nationalities, but one thing
      he was was beautiful. Not just handsome, but truly beautiful. He
      bent quickly to kiss her lips and she tasted a hint of Karen's
      musky wetness on his mouth. He pressed down lightly on her
      shoulders and she found herself slowly descending along his
      gorgeous body. As she lowered herself to her knees, she leaned
      forward to place a small kiss on his solid stomach, then she was
      face to face with his tremendous member. She glanced to the side to
      see if she could locate Dan, but the spotlights made it hard to
      make out more than general shapes and she was glad that she
      couldn't see the audience she knew was watching her.

      Jan lifted Kevin's cock with both hands and placed the head against
      her lips. It was quite heavy, as she had expected, but much
      smoother than she had imagined. It felt almost like satin to the
      touch and she extended her tongue to press against the small slit
      at its end. "How strange,", she thought, "that such a large cock
      would have a normal size opening." She licked her lips to moisten
      them and allowed them to part as she moved forward capturing the
      head. She had thought Robert was large, but the best she could do
      with Kevin was the head and one or two inches beyond. Her mouth
      simply wouldn't open far enough to take more.  Out of the corner of
      her eye, she noticed the TV monitor and saw that there was
      apparently another camera at a low level as her face filled the
      screen. She normally didn't think of herself as pretty and when she
      looked in the mirror, all she seemed to notice were the small
      defects that no one else ever saw. But, in the monitor, she saw for
      the first time what a truly beautiful woman she was (or, at least,
      could be). She also saw her mouth stretched wider than she would
      have imagined possible and Kevin's tremendous member sliding in and
      out between her lips through a combination of her motion and a
      gentle swaying of his hips.  She thought how sad it was that he had
      probably never experienced a real oral loving as most "normal" men
      were capable of. While she was doing her best to make Kevin enjoy
      the limited access to her warm, wet mouth, she felt Karen applying
      a liberal coating of slippery lubricant around and in her pussy and
      suddenly remembered why she had been brought on stage. She felt a
      slight panic race through her body and looked up to see Kevin
      smiling down at her. She felt that Dan had told her the truth and
      trusted Kevin to take it slow and allow her to adjust. He had most
      likely had plenty of experience with that.

      Soon, Karen lifted her gently away from Kevin and had her lay in
      the same position Karen had occupied earlier. "Have to be in the
      right place for the camera.", Jan thought with an internal chuckle,
      and realized that everything was probably being recorded on video
      tape as well. She hoped this adventure wouldn't come back to haunt
      her, but at the moment all she cared about was having Kevin in her
      body and she could deal with everything else later. He moved
      between her spread legs and leaned down to kiss her. He parted her
      lips with the tip of his tongue and she half feared and half hoped
      he would fill her mouth with it. He didn't, but raised back up on
      his hands to watch as she reached down and guided him toward the
      thoroughly lubricated entrance to her vagina. She slipped the head
      up and down along her slit a few times, then released him to use
      her hands to spread the lips wide in anticipation of his first
      attempt at entry. He came forward only enough to lodge the wide
      head between her open lips and stopped. By tilting her head back
      only a little, she was able to get an upside down view of his cock
      about to enter her body in the large monitor. She watched in
      fascination as he came forward little by little until the head had
      disappeared entirely. It was a weird sensation to watch that other
      woman on the screen being penetrated by a huge male member as she
      felt the pressure against the walls of her own vagina as it was
      entered simultaneously.

      She released her soft lips and raised her arms to stroke his strong
      sides and what little of his back she could reach. "So far, so
      good.", she thought. There was a definite sense of being stretched,
      but it seemed his girth was not going to be an insurmountable
      problem. The head was all the way inside her and she felt him flex
      back and forth a little rubbing the bulb against her inner lips and
      the ridge that formed just beyond them. In addition to the more
      than adequate lubrication Kathy had supplied, Jan could tell that
      she was producing lots of fluid on her own and Kevin slid tightly,
      but easily in and out. She looked down as about two inches of his
      cock followed the head into her depths and felt the firm edges of
      his head touching deeper parts of her. She let out a gasp and Kevin
      looked concerned that he might have hurt her. "It's all right.",
      she whispered, "It just caught me by surprise a little." Reassured
      that she was O.K., he started moving in and out, gaining just a
      little more depth with each stroke. She was on the verge of an
      orgasm, now, and she put the back of her hand against her mouth and
      bit against it so that she wouldn't cry out. When it came, biting
      her hand didn't help much and she heard her self let out a sharp
      squeak, followed by a long moan. She was coming hard and he hadn't
      even gotten very far into her yet. What had she gotten herself
      into? Was it possible to be fucked to death? He was still working
      himself deeper and she was feeling as full as she had ever been in
      her life. When the head bumped against her cervix, a new orgasm
      began even before the first one had subsided and she was pushed
      even higher. He stopped moving and held himself all the way into
      her as her head thrashed from side to side and she heard herself
      almost screaming with the intensity of her climax. She caught
      occasional glimpses of the monitor and saw that there were still at
      least four inches of Kevin outside her body. She wanted it all! She
      wanted him into her until his stomach was pressing against hers,
      but knew it was impossible. On impulse, she ran her hands across
      her flat tummy and could feel the rise where his shaft was pressing
      against the top of her vagina. He started fucking in and out from
      her depths to a point where the head was just barely inside and
      back again. She was coming continuously and thought she might
      actually pass out from the intensity of it, but she stayed with him
      and sensed when he was getting close to his own orgasm. She pulled
      his face against hers and kissed him hard, then whispered in his
      ear, "I want you to come in my mouth!"

      That was all he needed. Immediately, he pulled out of her and moved
      up to kneel beside her head. Jan opened her mouth wide and worked
      his shaft with both hands. She was desperate to feel him pumping
      and taste his warm cum. Her hands were soaked with her own juices
      as she stroked his entire length and they slid easily along his
      cock. She felt the first contractions with her thumbs along the
      underside of this incredible instrument of pleasure. Almost at the
      same time, a large spurt hit the inside of her cheek and ran down
      to her throat. Soon, she felt as if she were taking a shower in his
      hot sperm as it fell all over her face and into her mouth. She
      didn't think he was ever going to stop. She was certain there had
      been at least ten strong spurts and he was still releasing small
      ones every few seconds. Finally, it was over and she pulled him to
      her mouth where she took in as much as she could and sucked hard as
      if trying to drain him completely (which she was).

      She was aware of riotous cheering and applause but couldn't seem to
      remember where she was or why people were cheering for a minute.
      When it came back to her, she saw that the curtain was closed and
      the monitor was off. Kevin lay down beside her and covered her body
      with his strong arm as she drifted off to sleep.

========================================================================
NixPix Windy City (the Midwest)      708 564 1754
NixPix Central (the original Nick)   303 920 1263
NixPix Sweden                        011 46 40 110590
NixPix Austria                       011 43 7719 8871
NixPix Finland                       011 358 0 298 3390

Remember -- fun and communication is what we're all about!
==========================================================================
