ANAL ANIMALS

     My lover has been after me to let him fuck me in the
ass for over a year now.  He's tried everything he can think of
to get me to let him do me there, but until last week I was
successful in keeping him out of my butt.  Then for some
reason I decided to let him do it.  I finally decided I'd get so
many points for letting him ass fuck me, what the fuck, why
not.
     To get ready for the big event, I began playing with my
asshole when I masturbated, which is practically every night. 
Rick, my lover, works nights, so I'm always home alone at
night and free to do anything I want.  Loving sex as much as I
do, I generally jerk off most evenings, so that wasn't anything
new.  Fucking myself in the ass, was, though, and at first it felt
real weird.  Then, gradually, I began to like it.  I started by
rubbing my asshole with Vaseline, then experimented by
inserting my middle finger up inside my ass while still rubbing
my clit.  It felt strange, but once I probed deep enough, I
began to really like the sensation.  I began finger-fucking
myself in the ass, and I liked the way it felt, but my finger
wasn't long enough.  I decided I needed something longer, so
I went and got a carrot, peeled it, washed it off, coated it with
Vaseline, then slowly stuck it up inside my ass.
     Geez, I must admit, it felt great.  Kinky, kind of nasty,
but actually quite nice.  I began fucking my ass and rubbing
my clit at the same time, bringing myself off over and over
again, having orgasm after orgasm until I couldn't take it any
longer.  Almost always I was naked when I did this, and
always in our bed.
     Then one night I fell asleep with the carrot still inside
my ass.  Rick came home and found me that way, and while I
was still asleep I guess he got undressed and jerked off until
his dick was hard, then slowly pulled the carrot out of me
without waking me.  The next thing I knew, I felt something
sliding up inside my ass that I knew was a whole hell of a lot
bigger than that fucking carrot.  I woke up to find Rick fucking
me in the ass.
     "Oh Rick, oh yeah, baby, give it to me, fuck me, fuck
my ASS, Rick, FUCK ME IN THE ASS!  This is what you
wanted, isn't it, you bastard, you assfucker," I groaned, rolling
over onto my knees, my ass up in the air.  Rick rolled right
along with me, buried inside my ass, pumping me back there
with his big hot cock.  It felt fucking great, and I loved it.
     "Oh baby, I'm going to... to...." he began moaning. 
Rick came, his cock bursting inside me, filling me with gobs
and gobs of hot cum.  His orgasm, my orgasm, and our
fucking screams all seemed to explode simultaneously.  I
screamed as loudly as I could, feeling like Rick's cock would
split me open and kill me, and not really giving a fuck.  All I
know is I had the most powerful orgasm I've ever had in my
life, filled with such an intense pleasure I didn't want it to
stop.  The sensation of being fucked to death in the ass was
too much for me, and mercifully, I passed out.
     When I awoke, everything was quiet.  My ass hurt like
hell, and Rick was coming back from the bathroom with a
cool washcloth for me.  It revived me, and Rick told me how
much he'd enjoyed fucking me in the ass.  I told him how
much I liked the way it felt, too.  He asked me to describe it,
and I did as best I could.  I told him it felt a little like going to
the bathroom, but better than that because his cock was able
to stimulate me both going and coming, if you know what I
mean.  He got this weird look on his face, and I asked him
what was wrong.  He said he'd been thinking a lot about what
it would feel like to get fucked himself.  He said he always
thought it would be fun to be a woman and just be able to lie
there and get fucked, without having to do anything.  I asked
him if he thought he was gay, and he said he knew he wasn't,
but that the idea of getting fucked in the ass turned him on.
     "Would you like to find out what it feels like?" I asked,
and he said he would, but didn't know how he could.
     "Like this," I said, picking up the carrot.  "Turn over. 
Get up on your knees, and get ready," I said, coating his
asshole with Vaseline, then coating the carrot with it.  His
cock got real hard again, and when I began inserting the
carrot in his ass he began moaning like crazy.  The carrot slid
in real easily, and I pressed it way up inside him, then
withdrew it almost all the way out, then inserted it deeply into
his ass again.
     "Ohhh... ohhh... ohhhhh!" Rick moaned, over and over
again.  I reached around him and began playing with his dick,
and then he got really turned on.
     "Oh baby, oh yes, oh yeah... fuck me, fuck my ass,
baby.  Give me that long hard cock right up inside my ass. 
Do it, baby.  FUCK ME IN THE ASS, YOU BIG STUD!" 
     I realized Rick was fantasizing about getting it in the
ass by some guy, and the thought made me feel kind of funny. 
One of my fantasies has always been to have two guys, or
more, at once, and I wondered if this might not be just the
way to make that happen.  Just when Rick was about ready to
come again, I fucked his ass real hard, just like he had mine.  I
rolled him over onto his back, and made him put his legs up
over my shoulders, then fucked him with the carrot as hard as
I could while he jacked off.  When he came, he screamed, his
jets of cum flying out of him so hard they landed on his lips
and chin.
     "Suck him, Rick.  Suck the cum from that cock while
the other guy fucks you in the ass," I said, watching him go
crazy over the fantasy.  He licked and lapped the cum off his
lips, even scooping some of it off his chin, then licking his
fingers.
     "That's right, baby.  Eat their cum.  Suck their cum off
your face while you get fucked in the ass.  Just think, Rick. 
Sucking off one cock while another one fucks you in the ass,
right in front of your girlfriend, too.  You nasty, naughty boy,"
I said, enhancing his fantasy.  He was going crazy now,
mumbling about how much he'd love to really suck a cock,
how much he'd like to spread his legs like this and let some
guy fuck him.  We went on like that for hours, with me
ramming the candle up inside is ass, causing his cock to stay
hard for a long time.  At one point, I made Rick put on one of
my negligees, and a pair of my crotchless panties, telling him
to beg me to fuck him, which of course he did.  We played all
morning, until finally we fell asleep together.
     A couple nights later I told Rick we should go out and
party, and he agreed.  I decided to try to make my fantasy
come true, so made Rick wear a pair of my panties, telling
him we might want to pick up some studs to fuck both of us. 
He was torn between wanting it and not wanting me to get it,
but after some coaxing I convinced him of how exciting it
would be for us to both get some hard cock together. 
     "It wouldn't be love, darling.  It'd just be sex.  Just
fucking.  No different than playing golf, or bowling.  We'd just
fuck instead.  Like, you know, sport fucking.  Okay baby?  Just
something new, something wild and crazy to do for fun,
okay?"  
     By the time we left for the bar, Rick had a hard-on, and
was eager to pickup some studs to fuck us.  To help things
along, I wore a very revealing blouse.  It's a see-through black
thing, with big polka dots covering my tits, but which still
reveals lots of flesh.  Usually I wear a bra under it, but tonight
I didn't, and my tits were practically naked.  I wore a short,
mini-skirt, and black stockings with a garter belt but no
panties.  Rick's cock was so hard while he watched me getting
dressed some of his pre-cum juice seeped out and stained the
panties and jeans he was wearing.
     "Ready baby?" I asked finally, stretching, raising my
skirt up high enough so lots of flesh, and a little cunt hair
came into view.  "Think I look nasty enough to get us some
hot cock?"
     "If you can't, no one can," he said, and we kissed, his
fingers squeezing my tits while I fondled his dick through his
jeans.
     We went to this little bar near our house, one we'd
never visited before.  It was rather seedy, very dark and smoky
inside, with a rough looking crowd and a few Harley's parked
outside.  There weren't too many women in the place, and
most of them were hard, Latin types.  When we entered the
place, everybody seemed to stare at us.  We took a booth
along one wall, and ordered a couple of beers.  A juke box
was playing, and a few couples were dancing, real slow, real
sexy.  I felt a little scared, wondering what we were getting
into, but at the same time, my pussy was on fire.
     We sipped our beers for a while, then I asked Rick to
dance with me.  On the floor, I felt my skirt creep up, and I
knew everybody could see the flesh above my stockings and
my garters.  After the dance, I told Rick to go to the john so
somebody would ask me to dance.  There were these two
rough looking dudes at the bar who'd been checking me out,
and as soon as Rick left, one of them came over and asked me
to dance.  I accepted, and when we started dancing, he told
me I had great legs, which I do.
     "My tits aren't so bad either, do you think?" I asked,
leaning back, giving him a good view.  "I'm not wearing a bra. 
Can you tell?  Your cock seems to have noticed," I said,
pressing my pussy against his hard dick.  The guy had an
erection, and it felt like he had a really big dick.
     "Yeah, I can tell, and so can my dick.  How'd you like
to suck it?  Maybe fuck it, too," he said roughly, challenging
me.
     "On two conditions.  One, you come home with us
and bring your friend with you so you both can fuck me, and
two, at least one of you has to fuck my old man, too.  He's
dying to have a cock up his ass, and I'm dying to watch it
happen."
     I thought the guy was going to shit.  He asked me if I
was serious, and I told him I was, inviting him and his buddy
to join us in our booth.  By the time Rick got back, I was
sitting next to the guy I'd been dancing with, and Rick had to
slide in next to the other guy.  I introduced them, explained
the situation to Rick, and we left.
          Back at our house, we went inside and I got us
all some beers.  Then I took off my bra and skirt, showing
them my naked pussy, which I was now petting for them,
pulling my cunt lips apart, displaying my open pussy for them.
     "Oh man, I have to taste some of that," Bart said,
pushing me back down onto the sofa, immediately burying his
face between my thighs, eating me.
     "How 'bout you, beautiful?" Doug said to Rick.  "You
going to show me that cock of yours in those cute little panties
your wife told us you're wearing, or what?"
     Rick unbuckled his jeans and stepped out of them and
his shirt, standing there wearing my red bikini panties, his face
matching the underwear, but clearly excited.  His cock was so
hard it stuck up above the top of the panties, and it was
leaking jism like a sieve.
     "Nice.  Bring it here for me," Doug said, sitting on a
foot stool near Bart and me.  Rick looked at me, looked at my
legs draped over Bart's shoulders, watched as I pinched and
tweaked my nipples, and almost came.  He turned, and
walked over next to us, right in front of where Doug was
sitting.  Doug reached out and pulled down the panties, then
wrapped his fingers around my boyfriend's cock and pulled it
to his mouth.
     "You're going to like this, darling," he breathed, then
stuck Rick's cock in his mouth, reaching around behind Rick
to finger his asshole while he sucked his dick.
     "Oh yesssss!" Rick hissed, and I came.  I swear, just
watching my boyfriend's cock disappearing inside another
man's mouth made me come.  The fact I was getting my cunt
eaten didn't hurt any, either.
     "Oh yeah, baby, fuck his mouth, fuck him in the mouth
Rick.  Get his cock nice and hard for your ass, baby.  Then
make him stick it up your asshole and fuck you there," I
groaned, babbling like a crazy woman, on fire with lust.
     "Hmmm, you sure taste good.  But I want more, baby. 
I'm a nasty fuck, and I want to taste your ass before I fuck it,"
the guy said, taking his mouth off Rick's cock, then turning
Rick around, bending him over, making him step out of my
panties, then spreading Rick's ass cheeks apart so the guy
could bury his tongue between them.
     "Oh YES!" Rick gasped, holding his ass apart for Doug's
tongue to lather it up.  "Oh baby, that feels so fucking
wonderful," Rick gurgled, and I saw his cock actually shooting
off a little, he was so hot.
     "Now, baby.  Get up in this chair here, and spread
your legs for me.  Yeah, like that.  Now put your legs up over
my shoulders.  That's it.  Now get ready, lover, because here it
comes," Doug groaned, and I saw his cock disappear inside
Rick's ass.
     "OhhHHHHH!  OH, IT HURTS, IT FUCKING HURTS!"
Rick screamed.  Doug reached down and began masturbating
Rick's cock, and Rick began to groan, liking it now, reaching
out to hold onto Doug, pulling him closer so more of his cock
could crawl up inside my lover's asshole.
     "How 'bout you, baby?  A cock in the ass can feel real
good.  Want to try it?" Bart asked.  I answered him by raising
my legs real high and spreading them as widely apart as I
could.  I asked him to get my asshole wet first, and he went
down on it and tongued it until I thought I would die.  I came
again, and juice from my pussy was running down into my ass
crack by the time he fucked me there. 
     "Do it, you fucking stud.  Fuck me in the ass.  Go
ahead.  Put that big cock up inside me there.  FUCK ME, God
damn you, you bastard!" I shrieked, as he slid his cock inside
my ass.
     "Like THIS, bitch?" he shouted, and I screamed with
pain, but loved it.
     "OH YEAH, fuck me, FUCK MEEEEEE!" I screeched,
clawing at his back, biting his shoulder.  He slapped my face,
and I bit him again to make him slap me again.  He did, and
he pinched my nipples, hard, real hard, and I thought I would
die from the pleasure of it.  Both Rick and I were getting our
assholes reamed, and it felt so fucking good I didn't ever want
it to stop.
     We fucked like that for a long time, and after the guys
came in our assholes, they thanked us and left.  It sure as hell
was a night to remember.  Until next time....
