             THE ANATOMY LESSON 
             
              
            I teach anatomy to medical students and nurses.  Although I 
            have never tried to seduce a student, I often have 
            fantasized about making love to one or more of my students. 
            The following is a story based on that fantasy. 
             
            I hear a knock on my office door.  As I open the door I am 
            greeted by the sight of two sensuous students, Tina and 
            Linda.  Tina is a brunette with large, dark, inviting eyes. 
            She has a slender figure, with small, firm breasts, a tiny 
            waist, and a nicely rounded ass.  Linda is a voluptuous 
            blond.  She has a beautiful face, framed by long blond hair. 
            Her figure flows from her abundant mammaries, to a slender 
            waist and then expands into her full, round ass.  Both these 
            freshman nursing students really fill out their student 
            nurse uniforms.  They both are freshman nursing students in 
            my anatomy class.  Unfortunately, neither of them are doing 
            well in the class.  I do welcome their presence in lecture, 
            because they wear short skirts to class.  Since the lectures 
            are given in a large ampitheater and these two do not keep 
            their legs together, I have a very nice view of their crotch 
            all during class.  I often have thought about screwing these 
            two, but no opportunity has presented itself.  That is until 
            now. 
 
            "Hello Tina and Linda, What can I do for you?" 
 
            "Professor, we know that we are failing anatomy.  We want to 
            know if there is anything we can do to improve our grade in 
            your course.  Perhaps you could give us some special 
            tutoring." 
 
            "Well Tina, I think that special tutoring sessions can be 
            arranged.  After all, its still early in the semester 
            so you both still have time to raise your grade.  Both 
            of you come into my office and sit down." 
 
            As I begin my tutoring session, I explain to the girls that 
            they must come in twice a week for the remainder of the 
            semester to pass the course.  They quickly agree.  I ask 
            them some questions to break the ice: 
 
            "Tell me girls, how old are you?" 
 
            Tina replies "I'm 18." 
 
            "Me too." adds Linda 
 
            "Have either of you spent much time away from home before 
            coming to college?" 
 
            "No" and "No" are their replies. 
 
            "I realize that it is difficult being away from home for the 
            first time.  Tell me, are you comfortable discussing the 
            human body?" 
 
            "What do you mean?" asks Linda 
 
            "Are you embarrassed by talking about the human body?" 
 
            "No" 
 
            "Are you embarrassed by looking at the human body?" 
 
            "Sometimes." answers Linda 
 
            "Never" replies Tina. 
 
            "Are you comfortable with your own bodies?" 
 
            "I don't know what you are talking about," answers Linda. 
 
            "Linda, have you looked at your own body in the mirror?" 
 
            "Well, yes, everybody does that." 
 
            "How about you Tina?" 
 
            "Every chance I get," she replies with a smile. 
 
            "Linda, do you explore your body?  Do you caress your 
            breasts in front of the mirror?  How often do you play with 
            your pussy?" 
 
            "Now I am getting embarrassed, those things are personal," 
            replies Linda. 
 
            Tina continues, "I play with my boobs every night.  I like 
            to masturbate when there is no one around to do it for me." 
 
            "Tina!!" says Linda, her face turning bright red. 
 
            "Tina, you seem to be quite experienced, how old were you 
            when you lost your cherry?" 
 
            "Oh I got laid for the first time when I was 13.  I've tried 
            to do somebody at least once a day since then." 
 
            "I say, you are quite experienced.  Linda, when did you lose 
            your virginity?" 
 
            "I've never done it.  I've just petted heavily with my 
            steady boyfriend." 
 
            "Well, he must be one fustrated fellow.  Well lets get on 
            with the lesson.  One of the most important aspects of 
            anatomy is surface anatomy.  Do you know what that means?" 
 
            Tina replies, "Isn't that the things we can see on the 
            surface of the body, without cutting it open?" 
 
            "Yes, Tina, but it also includes those things one can feel 
            on the body.  We need to pursue this further.  I have always 
            preferred a live body to a cadaver.  Tina, come over here." 
            As Tina comes over I'm tingling with anticipation.  She is 
            one sexy female.  The way her hips wiggle as she walks over 
            excites me further.  As she reaches me, I reach out and 
            begin to unbutton her student nurse uniform dress.  I finish 
            unbuttoning it and let it fall to the floor.  She is not 
            wearing a bra, so her beautiful, firm, small tits are 
            visible.  They stand out firm from her chest wall.  They are 
            creamy white, with pink areola and pink, erect nipples. 
            Obviously, she is getting excited by this, also.  I reach 
            down and remove her bikini panties.  She has a luscious 
            mound covered with black pussy hair.  Her thighs are slim 
            and firm.  She does a short bump and grind. 
 
            "What are you doing, professor?" asks Linda 
 
            "Linda, we need a body to study anatomy, Tina will be our 
            specimen, unless she has an objection." 
 
            "Sounds good to me." replies Tina. 
 
            "Linda, come over here and palpate Tina." 
 
            Linda comes over, I take her hand and touch it to Tina's 
            breast.  I help her fondle Tina's tits.  We stroke both tits 
            at once, moving her hand from the full breast out to the 
            nipple, lightly pinching each nipple between her thumb and 
            forefinger.  I move her hands from Tina's breasts down her 
            flat, soft stomach, down to her ass, where we squeeze her 
            cheeks, finally comming around to the front to feel her  
            pussy.  Tina's pussy is dripping wet by now and Linda pulls 
            back at the touch of Tina's wetness.  "There is nothing 
            wrong with Tina being wet."  I assure Linda.  "Tina is 
            becoming aroused and her body is reacting normally. 
            Does this excite you Linda?" 
 
            "Well, yes it does, but I've only done it with just one 
            other before, much less group!" 
 
            "Try it you'll like it." answers Tina. 
 
            I reach out and unbutton Linda's uniform dress.  Tina begins 
            to remove my shirt and pants. 
            "Must you get undressed too, professor?" questions Linda. 
 
            "Of course I must, we need to look at a male body as well 
            as a female one," I reply.                                     
                                                                           
            Tina removes my pants and shorts.  My cock stands out
            straight. 

            "Looks like the prof is getting excited too." remarks Tina.
 
            Linda gasps, "Oh my, I've never seen an erect penis." 
 
            Linda's dress falls falls to the floor.  I unhook her bra 
            and let her 38D tits fall out.  They are incredible.  Large 
            cream colored mounds, topped with pink areola and nipples. 
            I remove her panties and discover that she is a natural 
            blond. 

            Tina understands the nature of the tutoring session.  She
            takes hold of my throbbing cock and begins to lick it.  She 
            gently licks the tip of my cock, working her tongue down the 
            shaft and back up.  She spends a few minutes licking the 
            underside of it which is very sensitive.  
 
            Linda looks down at Tina with a puzzled expression on her face.

            "I didn't know you could do that!" she says. 
 
            I explain that oral sex is very pleasurable no matter how you
            do it.  I lay Linda down and part her legs.  I move my head 
            between her legs, looking at her inviting, virgin pussy. 
            I run my tongue along her inner thighs.  She gasps at the 
            first touch of a tongue on her flesh.  I move my tongue up 
            to her large cunt lips and gently stroke my tongue along the 
            length of each one. 
 
            She gasps again and pussy juice leaks from between her lips. 
            Tina has taken my cock into her mouth and is moving up and 
            down on it.  She is incredible, able to swallow my whole 
            penis.  When the tip rubs against the back of her throat it 
            sends tremors through my cock and body.  Tina rolls me over 
            on my back.  She climbs on top of me, takes hold of my cock 
            and guides it into the opening of her sweet cunt.  Then she 
            lowers herself down onto my shaft and begins to move up and 
            down. 
 
            I position Linda so that I can eat her pussy.  I gently open 
            her large lips to reveal the pink flesh of her inner lips. 
            There is a small pink bulge where her clitoris is covered by 
            its hood.  I reach out with my tongue and lick her lips, 
            spending time on her hooded clitoris.  While I'm eating her 
            pussy, I reach up to fondle her gigantic tits.  They feel so 
            soft and firm.  The nipples have become hard now, standing 
            out from her mounds.  I push my tongue between her lips, 
            toward the opening of her cunt.  The sensations are 
            overwhelming.  Tina pumping up and down on my cock while I 
            eat lovely Linda's pussy. 
 
            A word about Tina.  Her cunt is wet, red hot, and tight.  It 
            almost strangles my cock.  The sensation of moving in and 
            out of her pussy drives me wild.  I turn Linda around so 
            that she can watch what Tina is doing to me.  Linda gasps, 
            and more pussy juice flows out of her wet cunt.  Tina 
            continues to pump up and down on my cock.  I stick my tongue 
            deeper and deeper into Linda's hot pussy, running up against 
            her cherry.  I lick her cherry and gently try and push my 
            tongue into it's opening to widen it for later.  Linda gasps 
            again, and I receive another face full of pussy juice.  My 
            cock is straining.  I want to come inside Tina.  The juice 
            starts to squirt from the end of my dick.  I can hold back 
            no longer.  Spasm after spasm flows through my cock.  The 
            juice leaks out of Tina's pussy.  Tina reaches down and 
            sticks her fingers in the cum.  She brings the fingers up to 
            her mouth and licks them.  She gathers up more cum on her 
            fingers and holds them over to Linda so she can lick the 
            juice off.  Linda hungrily licks the cum off Tina's hand. 
            Even though I just came, the sight of these two delicious 
            females makes my cock immediatley come back to life.  I roll 
            Linda over on her back.  I move between her legs, my hot 
            cock in my hand.  I position my penis at the opening of her 
            cherry pussy.  I press gently until it runs up against her 
            hymen.  I stop there, wrap my arms around her, give her a 
            big hug, while kissing her passionatly.  With one quick 
            thrust I push past her cherry.  I lie on top of her 
            motionless, my cock burried up to the hilt in her tight, 
            wet, and warm cunt.  I start to stroke in and out slowly. 
            Very slowly at first, then faster and faster.  Linda learns 
            this lesson fast, as she begins to hump back against me. 
            Tina moves so that her pussy is in Linda's and my face.  We 
            both reach out with our tongues and lick Tina's pussy.  We 
            taste the combination of my cum and Tina's pussy juice. 
            Tina must like what we are doing because she pushes herself 
            against us harder.  I'm pumping as fast and as hard as I can 
            inside of Linda.  She continues to moan and eat Tina's 
            pussy.  The screwing inside Linda seems to continue forever. 
            It's amazing how much longer it takes to cum the second 
            time.  All the more pleasure.  I feel the orgasm building in 
            my cock.  Linda and Tina are both moaning and screaming.  My 
            second orgasm erupts, overflowing beautiful Linda's cunt.  I 
            am spent.  The three of lie on my office floor holding 
            each other for a while.  I tell the girls that if they 
            continue to perform at this level, they will both get an "A" 
            for the course.  How about that and "A" for a "F___."  I 
            also tell Linda to stop frustrating her boyfriend.  We get 
            dressed and I tell the girls I'll see them the day after 
            tomorrow for their next anatomy lesson. 
