Copyright © 1997, Big Daddy,     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.




Angels

by:  Big Daddy


	The dream last night was very vivid.  Christy was dressed in white,
standing at the top of a mountain surrounded by angels.  As all the angels
watched her she began to undress herself.  Every eye was on her as she took
off her long white robe and stood naked amidst all the angels.  Her 16 year
old breasts were well developed and commanded the attention of all the
angels.
	Suddenly one of the angels stepped forward.  A beautiful looking 
male much taller than her.  As she stood there the angel opened his robes 
and let it fall to the rocky ground.  When she looked down at the naked angel 
she saw that he had an enormous looking hard cock filled with veins.
	"Is that for me?" she asked the angel.
	"Yes my dear," the angel said sweetly.
	"Isn't this a sin?" she asked.
	"No," he replied.  "This is heaven."

	The next thing she knew she saw herself on her hands and knees on the
rocky earth.  One angel was behind her.  She could see his huge cock up
inside her as he moved in and out steadily.  Another angel was infront of
her with his big cock in her mouth.  The rest of the angels were huddled
around her, some playing with her young breasts, others silently in prayer.
	"What must I do to get to heaven?" she heard herself asking.
	"You must give yourself completely to the one who loves you the 
most," she heard the voice say.  "You must give yourself to him daily until 
the time comes."
	"But who loves me the most?" she asked as she watched the scene 
continue in her dream.
	"You will give him a child," the voice continued.  "A symbol of your
perfect love for each other."
	"But who loves me the most?" she asked again.
	"You will know him." was the last thing she heard before she awoke.


	Christy awoke with a damp wetness between her legs.
	"I've got to get to heaven," she said quietly to herself as she slipped
her delicate hand into her panties and rubbed her wet pussy.  Slowly
Christy blinked her eyes open as she slipped a finger inside her hot young
pussy.  "I've got to get to heaven."
	"Honey are you up?" Christy heard her father call from outside her 
bedroom door.
	"Yes daddy," she answered quietly.
	"Ok honey," her father said.  "Just checking."
	"I hope I'm still good enough," Christy sighed as she pushed her finger
deeper inside her and thought about all those angels paying attention to her.
	Christy carefully pulled off her covers and tugged her panties down past
her knees so she could spread her legs.
	"They were so big," she moaned to herself as she rubbed her aching pussy
hard with her fingers and slipped her fingers inside again.  "They were so
big and hard."
	Ten minutes later Christy felt her orgasm building.
	"I'm cumming," she panted quietly.  "I'm cumming to heaven."

	"CHRISTY!" she heard her father yell in mid orgasm.
	"YES FATHER!" she sighed.  "Oh well.  I guess I'll have to wait."

	Christy hurriedly dressed for school in her short skirt and knee high
stockings.  Even though she dressed suggestively at times, Christy was a
nice girl and a virgin at that.  Her tight fitting blouse the showed the
size of her well developed breasts really wasn't meant intentionally to
drive all the boys wild, it just did.
	Christy's father had breakfast ready and her mother ate it in seconds as
usual before flying out the door in a mad dash.  As Christy was leaving the
house for school her father caught her.
	"Christy I just want to tell you that I love you," he said.  "More than
anything in the whole wide world."
	"What??" Christy asked as if she suddenly realized the meaning of her
dream.  "It's you.  You love me the most."
	"Of course I do," her father said naively.  "I love you more than 
anyone."
	With that Christy smiled and left for school.  She had been thinking 
about what her father said as she waited for the bus.
	"Heavenly father," she prayed.  "Now I know what my dream means.  I have
to give myself to my father and, and, have his baby."
	Christy felt her pussy start to tingle as she said those words in her
mind.  "So if I have to give him my body I need help father.  I don't know
what to do.  How do I know he'll want me?"

	Although Christy never got the answer to her prayer that day, her dream
gave her the answer.
	In the dream Christy was standing naked again before a whole group of
angels.  Next to her stood her father who was also naked with her.  Christy
looked at her father's cock. It was big and hard.  Not as big as the angels
was the night before but still very large compared to what she had seen in
movies and magazines.
	"Show your love for one another," she heard a voice say.
	Christy saw herself getting on her knees in front of her father and 
taking his big cock in her mouth.  Christy's father gathered up her long brown
hair and held it in a bun as she bobbed her head up and down his thick
shaft.
	"This is what is perfect," the voice said.
	"So how do I get this to happen?" Christy asked as she watched herself
pleasing her father very much.
	"You must show him you love him," the voice said.  "You must offer
yourself to him."
	"But what if he says no?"
	"You must have faith," the dream said. "You must do it now!"

	Christy awoke from the dream in a drenched sweat.  The clock said 2:30am.
	"You must do it now," she said to herself as she sat up and shook
nervously.
	Christy quietly took up her bathrobe and slipped it on.  Even more 
quietly she tiptoed to her bedroom door and crept out into the hall.
	Her parents door was open and she could hear her father snoring lightly.
	"Oh well, here goes," she said as she walked quietly inside.
	"Daddy?" she whispered as she shook her father's arm.
	"Huh?" he slumbered his eyes open.  "What's wrong sweety."
	"I had a dream," Christy said quietly so she wouldn't wake her mother.
"Can we talk in my room?'
	"A bad dream?" her father said quietly.  "Oh sure.  I'll be right there
sweety."
	Christy didn't know what was taking her father so long but she sat on 
the edge of her bed holding her robe tightly together waiting.
	After what seemed a long time her father arrived in his robe.
	"Do you want me to keep the light off?" he asked softly as he entered 
the room.
	"Yes please," Christy said as she started to shake in fear.
	"Ok," her father said as he sat on the bed next to her.  "What up?"
	"Do you love me daddy?" Christy asked nervously.
	"Of course I do," her father said.  "I'd do anything for you."
	"Would you do anything to me?" Christy asked as her heart beat a hundred
miles an hour.
	"What do you mean?" her father asked.  "What do you want me to do to 
you?"
	"Would you do something to me if I asked?" Christy prodded.
	"Sure," her father said with a funny look on his face.  "Name it."
	Christy said a quick prayer for help and boldly opened her robe wide.
	Christy's father looked down at her with mouth and eyes open wide as he
noticed her naked body.
	"Will you do something to me?" she asked.
	"I uh=85" her father stammered as he stared at her young breasts and 
firm tummy.
	"Please daddy," Christy said as she laid back and pulled her robe open 
all the way so that she was laying completely naked on her back.  "Do something
to me."
	Christy's father reached slowly over and put his hand on his daughter's
stomach.
	"What are you doing Christy?" he asked quietly.
	"Please daddy," Christy said again as she put one hand on her father's
hand and pulled it up to her large young breasts.
	"Oh Jesus," her father said as he felt his daughter's warm soft breast 
in his hand. Instinctively he gave it a soft squeeze before trying to pull
his hand away.
	"No please," Christy begged as she tugged her father's hand back to her
breast.  "Feel me."
	"Oh baby I'd love to but," her father began.
	"Just shut the door," Christy said quietly.  "Mom won't come in."
	Christy's father looked at the door and back at his daughter before
deciding to close the door.
	"If she wakes up she'll want to know where I am."
	"Shhh," Christy said.  "Feel me daddy."
	Christy's father sat back on the bed and let his daughter take his hand
and place it back on her breasts.
	"Feel them daddy," Christy whispered.  "Squeeze them."
	"What's gotten into you?" her father said as he slowly started squeezing
his daughter's warm breast.
	"Use both hands," Christy whispered.  "Feel me everywhere."
	Quietly Christy's father put his other hand on her stomach and rubbed 
her flat tummy.
	"That feels good daddy," she whispered as she smiled at him.  "Rub 
lower."
	"Are you sure you know what you're doing?" her father said as his hand
slid further down her belly and touched her pubic hair.
	"Yes daddy," Christy said quietly.  "Do you like feeling me?"
	Christy's father concentrated on rubbings his fingers across her nipples
now, brushing them to hard peaks while his other hand rubbed circles in her
pubic hair.
	"Yes I love feeling you Christy," he said softly.  "You don't know what
this is doing to me though."
	"Put your finger inside me," Christy whispered as she rubbed her 
father's hand down between her legs.
	"Oh Christy I shouldn't," her father argued.
	"Yes you should," Christy corrected him as she pushed his hand down
between her legs and parted her knees.
	Christy's father could feel the warm wet lips of his daughter's pussy on
his hand and he wanted to feel it.
	"Put it inside me," she moaned.
	"Oh Lord," her father groaned with surrender in his voice.  Turning his
hand over he rubbed his fingers across his daughter's wet lips and then
slipped his middle finger inside her.
	"UH!" Christy gasped as her father's finger pushed deep up inside her.
Christy grabbed the back of her father's hand and squeezed it to let him
know she liked it.
	Christy's father could not believe hot tight and hot his daughter's 
little pussy was and he wondered what it would be like to fuck such a young 
girl.
	As he sat nervously listening for his wife to wake up he slowly worked 
his finger back and forth inside his young daughter as he rubbed her beautiful
breasts.
	"Let me feel you too daddy," Christy said quietly with little gasps in 
her breath.
	"Oh I don't know if we should!"
	Suddenly Christy's hand found her father's leg and she slid her hand up
between his legs.
	Before he could protest his daughter's hand found his hard cock and 
began rubbing it through his robe.
	"Take off your robe," Christy whispered.  "I want to feel it better."
	"Christy we're going to get in big trouble," her father whispered even 
as he untied his robe and pulled it wide open.
	Christy's hand found her father's thick cock quickly and she wrapped her
hot little fingers around it and began slowly stroking it up and down.
	"Tell me you want to put it in me daddy," Christy said as she wiggled 
her hips on her father's finger to get it deeper inside her.
	"Oh I want to put it in you so bad," he said hungrily.
	"I want it in me too daddy," Christy said.  "Let me turn around on the 
bed so you can get on top of me."
	"You're going to let me!" her father began.
	"Of course daddy," she said as she pulled off her robe and threw it on 
the floor.  "Take yours off too."
	"I sure hope your mother doesn't wake up when we're in the middle of
this."
	Christy turned to lay lengthwise on her bed as her father crawled up on
top of her in a push up position.
	"Are you sure you want to do this?" her father asked as he looked down 
at her perfect body laid out beneath him.
	Christy  spread her legs under her father and bent her knees to give him
better access.  She could feel his heavy hard cock laying against her
stomach now and the wet drizzle of pre cum gathering on it's tip.
	"I'm very sure," she whispered as she put her arms around her father and
held on to his strong back.
	"If you're mother finds out she'll kill me," he said as he leaned down 
and kissed his daughter on the lips.
	"She won't," Christy said as she kissed her father back, opening her 
mouth so his tongue could enter hers.
	"Oh yes," her father moaned as he kissed her wetly and began reaching 
for his big cock.  "I don't know what came over you but this is going to feel
so good."
	"I know daddy," Christy said as her father slipped his thick shaft down
past her pubic hair and centered it against her virgin pussy.
	Christy braced herself mentally as her father slowly began to push his
monstrous cock up inside her.
	"OOOHHHHH!" Christy gasped out loud as her father quickly covered her
mouth.
	"SHH!" he barked. "My God we're going to get caught!"
	Christy nodded understanding but her father left his hand over her mouth
until he had finished pushing himself up inside her extremely tight pussy.
	Christy's body shook with pleasure at the feel of a real man's cock 
inside her for once.  She had fantasized about it for a long time and now she 
was really a woman.
	As Christy's father shook violently himself he finally uncovered his
daughters mouth and placed both hands beside her.
	"Oh thank you! Thank you! Thank you!" Christy whispered loudly as she
opened her mouth to kiss her father.
	"Oh baby it feels so good," her father said before he plunged his tongue
back into her mouth.
	Christy's father clenched the muscles in his pole and watched his 
daughter wince with pleasure each time.
	"You're so beautiful when you look like that," her father said as he
slowly pulled himself out and began a slow pace.
	"Oh daddy it feels so good," Christy moaned.  "Don't stop."
	"I'll try not to," her father said as he cupped one of her large young
breasts in his hand as he slowly slid his cock in and out of her.  "But it
feels so good I just want to cum."
	"I know daddy," Christy gasped as her father pumped her a little deeper
and faster.  "I want you to cum too."
	"Do you?" he moaned.  "Do you want to make daddy cum?"
	"Yes daddy," Christy panted as she felt her own orgasm approaching.  "I
want to make my daddy cum."
	"It's commin' baby," her father said as he pumped her faster and 
harder.

"Daddy's going to cum soon."
	Christy felt herself cumming even before her father said those words but
she could not say anything coherent as he pumped and pumped her as deep as
he could.
	Even after her father pulled his fat cock out from her dripping pussy
Christy was cumming and seeing her father's thick white cum shoot out and
squirt all over her big young tits only made her cum more.
	"Ohhhh," her father groaned as he jerked his load onto his daughter,
splattering his cum all over her stomach and pussy.
	"Oh daddy yes," Christy whispered as she rubbed her father's squirting 
cum all over her young body.  "Yes daddy!"
	"Is that what you wanted?" her father asked as she shook the last
remaining drops of cum onto her.
	"Oh God yes daddy," Christy smiled.  "Now hurry back to bed before mom
finds out.  We can do it again tomorrow."
	"I love you," her father said as he got off the bed and gathered his
robes.  Taking one long look at his daughter's soaked body he smiled and
blew her a kiss.  "Tomorrow night?"
	"Tomorrow."


	Christy could hardly pretend that nothing had happened the next morning.
While she feared her mother would notice she beamed radiantly when she saw
her father and said good morning with a syrupy sweetness she normally did
not use.
	Waiting all day and night for her father's return was killing her but 
when he finally snuck in her room again at 1am she was all smiles.
	"Did you miss me?" her father asked quietly after he shut the door.
	"Yes daddy I missed you," Christy said as she uncovered herself to 
reveal that she was wearing a white lace nighty with no panties.  "Sit in that
chair and I'll show you how much."
	"Oh ya?" her father smiled as he sat in the chair his daughter sat in to
do her make up.
	Christy got out of bed and walked over to her father.  Carefully she
opened his robe like she was unwrapping a present.
	Christy's eyes widened when she saw her father's huge hard cock again.
	"Now that's what I need right there," she said as she put her legs on
either side of her father's legs and prepared to sit on his big shaft.
	"Do you baby?" her father said as he grabbed her tight ass and squeezed
it.
	"Oh ya," she said as she reached between her legs and grabbed her 
father's cock.  Slowly Christy eased herself down on top of her father's thick 
pole and gasped as it stretched her open on it's way back inside her.
	"I've wanted this all day," Christy groaned as her young ass now rested
on her father's fat balls.
	Christy's father wasted no time in pulling down the front of his
daughter's nighty to uncover her beautiful full breasts.
	"I've wanted this too," he said as his mouth covered her hard right 
nipple and sucked it hard.
	"It feels so good having you inside me," Christy whispered in her 
father's ear as she slowly began to move her hips up and down.
	"Ummm," Christy's father moaned with his mouth full of young breast as 
his daughter's super tight pussy pulled up and down his fat cock.
	"I wish mom weren't here so I could really let you know how I feel,"
Christy whispered in his ear as she worked his cock in and out of her.
	"What would you do differently?" her father growled as his hands held 
her tight ass.
	"Stay home with me tomorrow and I'll show you."


	Before her mother was even completely out of the driveway Christy was
unzipping her father's pants.
	"I want to suck your cock daddy," Christy said as she quickly got on her
knees and pulled out his thick rod.
	"Oh Christy you're so good to me," her father said as she suddenly 
slipped her hot mouth around his pole and started sucking.
	"You deserve it daddy," Christy said between slurps.  "For loving me so
much."
	Christy's father leaned back against the kitchen counter and watched his
beautiful young daughter swallow up his fat pole and bob up and down on it.
	"You're so beautiful," her father growled as she pulled down his pants 
now and began licking his balls.
	"I love your cock daddy," Christy said as she licked up it's long shaft
and around the tip.  "I love it when you fuck me with your big hard cock."
	"Oh darling I love it when you talk like that," he said as he pulled her
hair out of her eyes so he could see her better.
	"Do you like to fuck me daddy?" Christy asked as she looked up into his
eyes.
	"It's like heaven and you're my little angel," her father said.
	"You don't know how true that is," Christy said as she kissed her 
father's cock lightly and smiled.










--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....