Copyright © 1997, Angel Starr,  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.



filename="angelsp.txt"

ATTENTION!!! ATTENTION!!! ATTENTION!! ATTENTION!! ATTENTION!! ATTENTION!!

	This is an explicitly erotic fantasy of my Alternate Personality Angel Starr. Angel sees herself as a girl of twelve who is well...a slut. She is very imaginative and being spanked, having sex, and just having fun in general are her greatest pleasures. If you enjoy this story please let use know. Also Angel is always interested in making friends. You can write her at angelstarr69@juno.com Enjoy!

Robert


A Spanking Good Time
by Angel Starr

	The soft nigh breeze was blowing in the open window of my room. It was late Saturday night, or at least late for me 11 O'clock. I was sitting at my little desk writing. As I paused for a moment before I wrote I smiled. I was such a naughty girl!
	"OOOO diary I just can't Bellevue what happened tonight! It's so dreamy, so cool, well my bottom isn't cool that's VERY hot. OUCH! Oh well I'd love for it to happen all over again." I reached down and rubbed my little bum. I was glad that I had my pretty new pink panties on to kinda protect me from my sore bottom. And it was sore!
	I always love to be dressed in like my nightie or tee-shirt and panties at home. I thin daddy likes it too. Who am I kidding he loves it! He should, he's taken them off enough and played nice games. But that's another story. Anyway sitting here in my panties and nightie I really felt special, neat but heck let em tell you diary all about it.
	There's this teacher at school I'll call him Rod (HA! HA! HA!) anyway is he WAY handsome! Oooh he's got these lovely brown eyes and strong shoulders and a beard. Oooh well, I'll tell you about that soon. He's just so dreamy!
	Well I have this big crush no him and well I tease him. You know what I mean by tease don't you diary? I mean I wear very short skirts and pretty flowered panties. I even wore a halter top to school! Imagine that, me angel wearing that to jr. High. I got into trouble for it too! I didn't care I really wanted to just "show off" for my Rod. 
	I asked the principle if it was okay to wear my skirts. As I did this I kinda well...I kinda fake dropping my pencil and bent down. "Oh excuse me Mr. James." I said as my little skirt road up and my panties showed. I could hear him huff and puff and move in his seat. He was looking at me and that was neat. I kinda think it's creepy in a way but neat.
	"Uh..well miss Star I generally don't approve of this type of thing but you seem to be an excellent stupid and I guess I can ummm.look the other way." He said nervously. "Oh thank you Mr. James!" I exclaimed and gave him a kiss on his cheek. Boy did his face turn red then! I apologized for making such a fuss and skipped out of the office ffice back to class.

	"Hmmmm.wonder what his thing looks like?" I thought as I walked to my math class. I HATE math! 
	You see diary well,,this is kinda naughty but with you I can always tell the truth. You see I just love men. I love..well..I love their cocks. There I said it. I've always loved cock. Now diary you know well and true that this little girl loves her daddy' dick the best, but gee..I like to also see what other men's things look like. Especially handsome men's things. Handsome like rod's.
	I wonder dear dick diary, hey that's a good name for you. "My Dear Dick Diary." Okay now what was I saying oh yeah I wonder if  handsome men's dicks are as handsome as they are? Do they well do they polish it like a car? Do they call them names? What? Well I know what my handsome Rod's dick looks like. I also know more about him too.
	One day yesterday to be exact I was sitting in his class,   (Creative Writing of all things!) trying to write a poem when I felt an itch, that oh so familiar itch in my panties. I had my little plaid skirt on and a simple top. I wasn't trying to be sexy today. I just was being well...agirl. Anyway I felt that itch and that part of me that just loves to touch myself said "Do it Touch yourself here in class." I felt at first that that was VERY naughty! But then again I am very naughty. So I looked around the room and saw everyone else was writing. Good! Slowly, ever so slowly I inched my little hand down my blouse. I could feel myself sweet a little. I know I was doing something very naughty and that really turned me on. 
	Soon my finger were softly placed on my little panties and diary do you know what? I could actually feel my little vagina move! I could feel it liked, puss and stuff. I also felt how hot it was. I pulled my panties aside a bit and felt my little things a bit. Just below the soft lips. You know I like to touch myself there first. Then oh then diary I put my fingers on my vagina. It was HOT! And WET! You know what I love about my vagina diary? I like that it hardly has any hair down there. I may keep it shave when I grow more. I know daddy would like that.
	Soon I had my fingers diary inside my vagina and felt that I really should quit. It was almost time for class to be over anyway and I was glad. Then I could go to the girls room and play with myself more. Just before I pulled my fingers out though diary I really did something naughty. 
	I saw Rod sitting at his desk grading papers. He was soooo handsome diary! Oh your gonna get sock of me saying that but he is. Well I knew I would get into trouble but I didn't care I said "Uh Rod." And he looked up immediately and starred right at me. What he saw was this.
	I had my little legs spread, my little plaid skirt was raised up a bit and my panties pulled back with my finger just leaving my little girlhood. His face just froze and I thought he was gonna faint! It was like time stood still but he soon caught himself and said "Uh Angel wha...what is it." He voice was trembling. I smiled and said shyly "Oh nothing, I forgot." And as I finished my sentence I took my finger to my lips and licked it. I don't know if anyone else heard it but I sure did. My rod, my sweet Rod moaned out loud! Oh diary it was sooo great!

Chapter Two

	"Angel I want to see you before you go." Rod said as the kids milled out of the room. I knew he would. I sat in my desk waiting for the last kid leave. When they did, Rod closed the door. 
	"Yes Rod did I do something wrong?" I asked innocently. I moved about my chair nervously to kinda make the show a little better. 
	"Ummm.wel...I don't know how to talk about this Angel." He shuffled papers on his desk trying to be calm. I kinda knew that what he wanted to say was "Ooooh Angel I saw you play with yourself." But diary, teachers just don't say that do they. 
	As I was thinking about what Rod would say he blurted out "Well Angel it seems you had your hands inside your well..inside your pants. Now  I'm sure you didn't do this on purpose. Did you?" I wanted to say yes, oh diary I did. But I wanted to be the little girl that most men seem to enjoy. I'm a slut for my daddy and maybe one of his friends but in general diary I like to be innocent for men. There's like this game we play. And I wanted to play it with Rod.
	"Well no Rod! I...ah...I just have a girl thing you know." I said shyly. Now most men don't wanna hear about "girl things" so that was a good answer. Soon he was breathing easy and smiling.
	"Well great..oh I mean no I mean I'm sorry to hear about that Angel. I hope it isn't serious." He said I assured him no. Then he sat down at his desk and dismissed me. 
	"Ah Rod I have some homework to do and my daddy is picking me up can I do it here?" I asked knowing full well he would say yes. Even though his mind was somewhat at ease he was still curious. After saying yes he went back to grading papers.
	I did everything to drive him nut diary! I love to do that. I moved in my seat a lot. I opened and closed my legs all the time and yes, I even put my finger in my panties once again. When I did that Rod just well he almost went to pieces. 
	"Ummm..Angel I've got to go see the secretary about something will you be okay here?" I assured him I would and diary do you know what? He almost ran out the door! Soon I was alone in the classroom. Now what to do? Well my "plan" was almost complete. I started writing in my notebook. 
	As I wrote I sort of daydreamed about what I wanted to do. I felt all tingly and happy inside. This time I really wanted to be a slut for another man. I really wanted to be his plaything. Rod was my dream master. I had heard rumors from older girls I knew that secretly he liked to spank teenage girls. That "He was a great guy and if you hook up with him Angel you'll get everything you want." What I wanted was a good hard spanking and more. My daddy, who loves me very much could never do that. He says "But Angel I love you. I would never hurt you." He doesn't understand that sometimes a girl wants a little adventure in her life. Me? Well I thought a spanking would be cool.
	Anyway I was finished writing the note. To make it stick more, my wishes that is. I added a great prize for Rod. Looking around to make sure no one was looking, I gently pulled down my soft panties and placed them upon the desk top. Looking at the note I smiled. I knew that he wouldn't want to miss out on this invitation.
	"DEAR ROD,
	I WANTED TO BE HONEST. I WAS A BAD GIRL TODAY. I LIED, I WAS REALLY PLAYING WITH MYSELF THINKING OF YOU AND ME TOGETHER. I'VE GOT A CRUSH ON YOU AND WILL DO ANYTHING TO BE YOUR SPECIAL GIRL. WHAT I THINK I NEED MOST OF ALL THOUGH IS A GOOD SPANKING! WOULD YOU DISCIPLINE ME? IF I'M WORTHY OF IT PLEASE GIVE ME A CALL TONIGHT AND I AN SEE YOU.

	KISSES,

	ANGEL

	I folded the note and placed it inside the leg opening of my panties. I was nervous, scared really. What if this wasn't going to work diary? I prayed that it would. I WANTED ROD'S ROD What made me feel he wanted me too was this diary As I skipped down the hallway past the faculty men's room I swear  I heard a deep moan coming from the vents. It sounded much like Rod's voice.

CHAPTER THREE
	

RING! RING! RING!

	"I'll get it daddy!" I shout as I dash to the phone. It was eight O'clock and I was soooo nervous diary! I couldn't eat dinner. I was waiting, wishing, praying, dreaming that Rod would call. I even played with myself twice after dinner! 
	"Hello." I said and at first there was no one there. I was crushed...almost but then I heard rod's voice answer.
	"Angel? Is...is that you?" YES! HE CALLED! 
	"Yes it's me." I answered.
	"Umm..it's me Rod umm...where do I begin?"
	"Did you get my present?" I asked before he could hang up.
	"Your present? Oh yes those! Yes I did." He answer with pleasure in his voice. 
	"I'm glad I thought you might like those. I'm sorry if I lied to you but gee what was I supposed to do say "Well yes I jerked off thinking of you spanking me?" When I said "spanking me" I heard his breathing get faster. 
	"Angel how..how do you know about that?" He stammered but I was quick to assure him it was okay that I really wanted to be spanked.
	We talked a few minutes. I told him that I was very curious about sex and why not have someone I respect play with me. He seemed to be cool with that.
	"Rod, oh Rod I really want to be with you lets get together tomorrow please." I was surprised I was kinda begging, He thought for a moment and said yes.
	We made a plan for me to go to his apartment but that he would pick me up at school. I lived a few blocks from it. I said "GREAT! And Rod do you think little Angel should be spanked for lying?" I heard very clearly his breath getting deeper and he answered in a husky voice "OH YES!" "Good I think I need one too."
	It was Saturday about six and I was dressed pretty casually. Daddy thought I was going to the movies with Marcie and then sleep to the Pizza parlor. Oh diary I felt sad that I lied to daddy but I didn't know how he would take it if I told him that I was meeting a secret lover. Daddy is so kind and loving. He would never stop me from enjoying some nice man's pole but gee...I just didn't know what do say.
	I had a backpack that had a mini skirt and halter top. I thought that I would be dressed like that for Rod. I was sure it would ad to the pleasure. I had already put no my ruffled panties and Mary Jane. Soon I was off for my little adventure.
	Stopping at a little gas station (boy did I turn heads when I came out diary) I swiftly strolled to my date with Rod. I didn't have long to wait. He was there within minutes of out appointed time.
	"Hi!" I chirped as I climbed into his cared. His eyes bulged out in wonder at how I was dressed.
	"Angel...Angel you look so naughty!" He exclaimed and smiled. He seemed a little more at ease now. I guess being able to spank one of his twelve year old students perked him up diary. That was cool. I felt perky in places too!
	As we drove to his apartment He chatted on about how naughty I was. About how naughty my outfit was. About how every time I moved in the car my panties showed. And about how my top was showing off my growing tittles. AS he steered with his left hand Rod's other one was stroking my tittles. It felt soooo nice diary. Feeling his fingers pinch my tits made me move about and moan "Oh teacher I feel so naughty. I feel like putting my fingers in my panties. PLEASE PLEASE may I?" I begged. He nodded with enthusiasm.
	My fingers sneaked down to my panties and I was soon diddling my already wet vagina. Ooh I just love to do that! I was both in pleasure and fear.Pleasure at having this man touch me and touching myself. Fear of getting into a crash! But soon we were at Rod's place.
	"In we go my little tart." He said as he opened the door. After turning the lights on Rod offered me a soda and got himself a drink too. I sat on his sofa and spread my legs open. I was feeling sooo slutty diary. So well...wicked!
	After a few minutes of talk of nervous talk I just could help myself diary. I fell at my feet saying "Oh please sir I'm ever so sorry I was a bad girl in class yesterday! Please! Please! Don't spank me." I looked up in to him and he looked down upon me. We both had, in our own ways lust upon our minds.
	"Well Angel you WERE a BAD little girl yesterday and bad little girls need to be spanked." He smiled and stroked my hair. I also heard a deep moan from his throat which meant we two were locked in a very special world.
	I bowed my head in submission and soon got up. I saw that my teacher, my master was sitting upon a leather chair and urging em to lay upon his knee. Ohhh diary is it wrong for a twelve yr. Old girl to want pain this bad? To want to feel her bottom red. Gee..it still is. I just couldn't help myself I just needed to be punished. 
	"Get over here Angel and lay upon my knees." Rod demanded. I loved the sterness in his voice. It sent chills down my little spin. I was submissive to the end.
	Soon I was across his lap and felt with wonder and joy his stiff pole against my tummy. My urge was to move down and feel it press against my girlhood but I didn't want to be that much of a slut. I felt rod's hands caressing my back and neck.
	"So pretty, such a pretty little girl you are." He breath and soon was lifting my skirt up. I heard a gasp from his lips and was afraid he was offended by my panties but no he LOVED them! Diary Rod took each ruffle in his fingers and stroked them saying "Such fine material such beauty, so cute oh god angel these are wonderful. My little girl knows how to please her master.' And I was pleased myself at the praised I was getting.
	"Now for your wrong doing yesterday little one you will be spank twelve times upon your bottom. Six times upon your panties and six times upon your bare fleshy bottom.' Rod was pushing his pole against my tummy fiercely and I was afraid dear diary he would cum! But Rod stopped and breath deeply. "Are you ready you nasty, naughty, little girl for your punishment?" ARE YOU!" He demanded. 
	"Ye...yes sir!" I sniffed and braced myself for my first real spanking. 

	SMACK!
	The first blow was not that hard but it did sting, ogh god did it sting!
	SMACK! 
	SMACK!
	Rod was gently rung his hands around my bottom after every smack but in a way it did not help. In a way it did. It brought me that much closer to my own orgasm.
	SMACK!
	SMACK!
	SMACK!
	On and on it went the torture the tingly pleasure of having my bottom redden by each blow. Oh god diary I felt so alive my whole body, so alive. And me only twelve being such a grown up girl for this teacher. I loved it.
	"Now my little slut your bottom will be bare and if you think those hurt just wait!" He laughed as he forced my panties down from my waist. I felt both excited and vulnerable at being naked infront of this man. He was my teacher and I wanted him to do this but still I was only twelve and well I just felt vulnerable. That greatly added to the excitement of the night.
	"Oh God Angel it's beautiful your ass is so beautiful. What I would give to lick and fuck it." Rod moaned as he caressed it so. Hmmm....maybe...
	"Now it's time for six more you naughty girl." He gleefully said. And soon I felt a more intense wave of painful pleasure.

	SMACK! 
	SMACK!
	Oh geez diary this did hurt! It hurt very much but it also felt good. As he spanked my little tush I could feel my vagina gushing all over his panties. I felt well like a faucet gushing and flowing and wondering what his drycleaner was gonna think. Naw I wasn't thinking that then diary. No what I was think was I can't wait to taste his pole.
	SMACK!
	SMACK!
	SMACK!
	Oh on and on it seemed to go and I was wiggling a squirming about. Rod's breathing was getting heavier not just from the spanking but from the sex part. I mean diary how many men could last this long spanking a twelve year old girl! Then came the final 
	SMACK!
	And I cried out with real tears "Thank you sir I deserved every bit of it. I'm just a little slut sir." Soon I was lifted off rod's lap. I marveled at how much of my juice was runnig down my legs and all over his pants. The bulge in them was huge and I fell down upon my knees and gently became the slut that caused this whole episode. 
	I deftly open Rod's fly and out sprang his pole. It was solid,hard rock meat just waiting to be tasted. I looked up at his face and smiled. I didn't say a word but took his head in my little mouth. I always love to do that with men. To ease my lips over a rock hard cock and feel it grow and bulge my cheeks out. Rod's was very big and I loved to lick the little eye. 
	"OH GOD ANGEL!" He cried out., pushing more of it in my mouth. God do I love that! Feeling men push their big cocks in my mouth well diary..it's just so..so..neat! I let Rod move it back and forth in my moth as I licked the underside of it. My fingers were cupping his balls and squeezing them gently. I love to roll them in my hands and feel them pulse. Men say that when I do that it makes them shoot more. GOODY!
	"OOOH ANGEL DEAR I'M ALMOST THERE." My Rod yells but no, not in my mouth . No. I want him to put his rod in my hot little spanked tushy!
	I pull my lips away and giggle. "Oooh Rod your so sweet. But I don't want your cum..." I paused to see what he'd do. Part of me diary was afraid he'd rape me but I soon said "In my mouth." I got up and turned around with my back to him. Lifting up my little skirt I poked my bottom in his face and giggled "I want it in there." I said pointing to my little pink hole.
	"Rod groaned and fell back upon the couch. I soon got my answer when I felt his strong hands grab me a lift my four feet six inch body and ease my tight, tanned hide onto his dick. It hurt a bit the soreness of the spanking that is. But it made it that much more groovy. I felt Rod lifting and moving my ass up and down and up and down on his dick. I took my little fingers and soon was diddling my clitty. I wanted so much for us to cum together like daddy and I do. I felt him shove and groan and moan and huff and knew he was trying to last as long as he could. 
	"OH ANGEL THIS TIME I'M REALLY GONNA CUM!" He yelled (I wonder if the neibors heard?) and I forced my as off his dick. I really truly wanted to taste his cum and soon I was back on my hands and knees kissing and licking him dick. Soon I felt it go
	SQUIRT! SQUIRT! SQUIRT! 
	All over my lips and face. I open my mouth and took a big glob of the creamy white stuff in my mouth. Now diary I know your a book and can't taste but if you could, I'm sure you'd agree that cum is the tastiest treat by far!
	Sadly though, as all cocks do Rod's rod started shrinking. I kissed it more and sucked the rest of the stuff from his hole (GOD that drives men nuts!) and loved it all. 
	I felt warm all over diary. Warm on my bottom, warm in my tummy, warm in my heart. I looked up at Rod and felt I had found a special playmate. He too looked and me and as he smoothed his hands across my cum drenched face he whispered "God you are such a naughty slut. I think you need another spanking girl."
	And in my heart I said to myself I truly am and I truly do. 

--------------CB5D236505--


