Archive-name: School/anight.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: College Story, The


Well, this is my first attempt revealing experiences that I have never
shared with another person (other then when it happened, of course).

You say, "what prompts you to write about this stuff?"  Well, the answer
is simple.  I have read x-rated stories on BBS', read those HOT stories in
the adult magazines, and have lived with the fact that none of that
exciting type of stuff has ever happened to me!

In the hope that others will share what they believe to be their benign
stories, let me share one of mine...



The year was 1979, I was a college student in Chicago at an extremely
competitive school, one where books and studying were the norm. 
Relationships were for after college!

Anyway, it had been a long, hard semester.  I had gotten pneumonia
and had had a very tough time completing all my courses on time and
successfully.  I am sure I would have failed at least one course if not for
my friend Melinda.  She took notes in class for me and made an effort to
get me up to speed enough to complete my final exams!

By the end of the semester I was exhausted, both physically and
mentally.  I looked forward to nothing more than packing up my
belongings and heading home for some rest and relaxation... and no
libraries!

It was around 8:30pm the night before I was set to head home.  I was
packing up my belongings and blasting the radio... the most appropriate
method of psychological release at the moment.  Suddenly at more door
appeared Melinda and several other friends and acquaintances, including
Tami.  Tami lived in the room next to Melinda.   With all the time I spent
studying and cramming with Melinda it was always a pleasure to admire
Tami.  She was extremely cute, a year younger and a great
conversationalist.  Whenever we took a break from studying it was
always a joy to sit and talk about everything and nothing with Tami.  I
had always been interested in her, but never had the opportunity as our
relationship was definitely aiming in the platonic direction.

Anyway, Melinda, Tami and gang wanted to know if I was interested
doing a little bar action with them to celebrate the end of the semester.  I
said no, that I was beat and just wanted to get ready to get out of town! 
Tami, put some pressure on me, but to no avail... off they went without
me!

About an hour or so later I had just about completed packing, and was
finishing up the last load of laundry.  I was playing the radio still, but now
it was on a soft rock station playing very softly.  I was mellow!

Suddenly, a very light tapping on my door snapped me out of my trance. 
Opening the door I was surprised to see Tami.  She noticed my reaction
and explained that the bar that the group had gone to was cutting down
on underage drinkers and would not permit her (the youngest member
of the group) in.  She had come back alone and wanted to see what I
was up to.

She was visibly disappointed about missing out on the bar action, so I
offered here a glass of wine, the only thing remaining in my tiny
refrigerator.  She said that would be great, but she would enjoy it more
mixed with some Seven-Up.  She went off to the soda machine, as I
pondered the evenings possibilities.  I decided that the norm would
prevail and we would have some pleasant conversations.

Tami returned and we jumped up on the bed and drank some "spritzers"
and just talked.  We talked about current events, school, her family, and
just about every other benign subject known to man.  However, after
about an hour we started discussing (for the first time) more intimate
things, like relationships, lovers and the meaning of life.  In the course of
this more provoking conversation a further intimacy came over us.   

At one point the conversation subsided for a moment.  And Tami edged
closer and touched her lips against mine.  Her lips were extremely soft
and delicate, in fact they felt better than any lips I had kissed before. 
Her lips parted and our tongues met in a long and extremely passionate
kiss.  She delicately moved her tongue inside my mouth, exploring and
arousing me with every movement of her tongue.  For at least twenty
minutes all we did was kiss in a very slow and compassionate way.  We
were both becoming more aroused by the moment, but we did not want
to ruin what we were doing, it was as if our lips and mouths were made
to be joined.

Tami finally pulled away and stood up.  I was afraid that the night was
over as she started walking away from me towards the door.  She said
absolutely nothing, and I just stared after her.  When she reached the
door she turned around to look at me, as she did so she put her hand
on the light switch and gently switched off the lights.  I couldn't see her
as my eyes needed to adjust to the new ambiance.  I finally noticed Tami
had moved back closer to the bed.  All I could see was her silouhette
against the small amount of light entering from the window.

I noticed her slip out of her shoes, and start to unbutton her blouse. 
She slowly undid it button by button.  Finally, pulling the tails of her
blouse out of her pants, removing it and carefully draping it over a chair. 
She then put her hands between her breasts and unclasped her bra. 
She slowly removed it and dropped it to the floor.

I was mesmerized.  Tami's breasts were greatly minimized by her
clothing.  She now seemed to be a 36D, with full round tits.  I strained to
see her nipples in the dark, and was pleased to see that they were
extremely erect and at least half an inch long.

Tami still had not said a word.  She continued removing her clothes. 
Next she dropped her jeans to the floor and stepped out of them.  I was
silently hoping her panties would be next, but soon realized she had
none on.  Her backlit image just showed her very heavy cover of pubic
hair.  Between her legs I thought I saw some beads of moisture, and
licked my lips in anticipation.

With her hands she motioned me to stand up and join her.  I did so, and
without saying a word she slowly started unbuttoning my shirt.  When
she had it completely undone she gently began rubbing the palms of her
hands over the silk like hair on my chest.  For several minutes she lightly
rubbed me, at times spending some extra moments lightly brushing
against my nipples.  I reached out to touch her, but she gently took my
hands and placed them back at my sides.

She then undid my belt and pants and gently caressed my hard-on. I
thought that she was going to tease me, but after just a moment she
unzipped me and pushed my pants down around my ankles, without
hesitation I stepped out of them.  She then did my underwear, taking
almost a full minute to pull them down my legs.  She got on her knees to
help me keep my balance as she had me step away from my Jockey's.

Without touching me with her hands she took my penis in her mouth. 
She slowly rubbed her tongue around my cock, spending special
attention to the sensitive underside of my tip.  After just a few moments
her hands were on me, rubbing my balls as if weighing them within her
hands.  With one hand she continue to cup my balls, her other hand
reached behind me and searched for my asshole.  She gently urged her
finger into me.  I was almost unconscious from the ecstasy that Tami
was creating for me.  She lovingly sucked my cock, fondled my balls,
and massaged my prostate at one time.

After what seemed like an eternity I started to tense up as I felt that my
cock was about to release its load.  Tami, must have sensed what has
impending, as she pulled away, stood up, and laid down on the bed. 
Instead of joining her I got down on my knees next to the bed and put
my head between her legs, searching for her clitoris with my tongue.  It
was not a difficult task, as her clitoris was engorged and obviously from
her moanings and squirming extremely sensitive.  After just a few
moments she yelled out in orgasm, and released a great deal of vaginal
fluid onto my tongue.  I slowed my licking to just gently tease her and in
a way to relax her as well.  As she laid there in a dazed state I gently
traced my tongue up across her belly so that I could finally explore her
nipples.  I was pleased to notice that they were extremely dark silver
dollar sized.

I gently run my tongue around Tami's nipples.  At first she just laid there
and relaxed.  After a few moments she started caressing my shoulder
and head, and as she did so I started sucking on her nipples with more
intensity.  I nibbled, I sucked, a ran my tongue across her breasts as if it
where a feather.  She got more and more aroused.  I could smell the sex
smell of her pussy as I continued suckling Tami's breasts.  She
shuddered orgasmically several times.  Her breathing rate increased and
she finally said the first words since the lights were turned out, "Oh, I
want you inside me, now."

Always the one to oblige I lifted myself up a little as she spread her legs. 
With no delay she reached down and grabbed my cock, she very gently
caressed it and then directed it to her hot opening.  As I entered her it
was as if I were entering another dimension.  She was extremely wet and
steamy hot.

I started moving back and forth, in and out, the pace increasing slowly. 
After a few moments I heard Tami's groans and breathing increase, I too
was reaching the point of climax.  Tami let out a huge scream as I
pumped my load into her pussy.  My cock pulsated as more and more
hot cum entered her.  Finally exhausted we stopped, looked at each
other and kissed gently and passionately, just as our first kisses were.

I rolled off Tami and we hugged.  Finally I dozed off for what seemed like
only a minute or two.  I gently awoke to the feeling of Tami licking my
cock.  As my cock grew hard again she looked up at me and explained
that she had to go back to her room as she had some packing to do,
but wanted to "help clean up first."  She smiled and went back to gently
licking all of our lovemaking juices off my cock.

She stopped, laid back to next to me and thanked for a great evening.  
She said she wanted to stay the entire night, but she had a 7am flight in
the morning and had not packed yet.  I understood.  Still in the dark,
Tami got dressed, kissed me, and left.

I stayed up most of the remainder of the night playing the scene over
and over again in my head.  I kept thinking about the next semester and
what would happen between Tami and I.


Comments... leave them on Rusty & Edie's!

