Archive-name: Bestial/animblow.txt
Archive-author: Pony Lover
Archive-title: Does Any Animal Gives Blow Jobs?


Apart from the monkeys, which seem to do little else, I once had a
visual adventure...

Some friends and I visited the National Zoo in Washington DC, on a
Saturday morning in March (April?) 1983.  When we reached the camel
display, two animals were visible.  A female was kneeling on all
fours, and a male stood next to her.  They were across a fence and
moat, on a small hill, some 20 meters away from my party.

Without any visible prompting or apparent hurry, the female reached
over and started licking his cock and balls.  He stepped closer so
that was convenient, rested his head on her back, and slowly closed
his eyes.  As she licked, his cock protruded from its sheath, and got
turgid and surprisingly big.  Once it was out, and stiff, she took the
first 20 cm. into her mouth.  Her tongue rhythmically came out and
slurped back along one side of his cock (and perhaps the other; they
were in profile so I don't know).  Her mouth opened and closed gently,
in time with her tongue.  He stood still with his eyes closed, then
started rubbing her back with his chin, never moving more than a few
inches.

After about 15 minutes, he started to shudder, pushing in a little
deeper each time he did so.  This went on and on, until his cock was
in almost to the hilt.  There must have been 25-30 cm. in her throat.
After a few more minutes, foam started coming out of her mouth.  She
never varied her stroke, and caught much of it with her tongue, but
either her swallowing channel was at least partially blocked, or she
didn't try.  Her mouth got frothier and frothier, and started to drip
big, bubbly, off-white streamers.  As he came and came, seemingly
forever, the male opened his eyes and slowly nibbled his partner's
back.  Then he lifted his head and calmly looked around at the humans
surrounding the enclosure.


A large crowd had gathered, and since I was there from the start, I
had a ringside seat.  The children were observant and uninhibited.
There were many shouts of "What are they doing, Mommy?"  from kids
ranging from two to perhaps ten, often followed by audible gasps from
adults.  Presumably, the older kids knew perfectly well what was going
on, and kept quiet, hoping not to get hauled away.

I watched the camels, and sometimes the people.  Many men had bulging
crotches, and both men and women had dilated pupils and flushed faces.
Several couples held each other closely.  There were pheromones in the
air that day, and not all of them from the camels.  [Comment: People
who claim that sexual arousal in response to animals is "abnormal,"
even statistically, were way off base in this case.]

The mothers with children were visibly, and hugely, embarrassed, and
the occasional father too, though perhaps less so.  The excuses they
gave for hustling themselves and the kids out of there were amazing,
as were the kids' pleas to stick around, and the difficulties of
pushing one's way through a packed crowd of totally fascinated
humanity.

(By the way, don't let anyone tell you that Blacks don't blush, though
you have to pay some attention.  But on a cool day, cheeks flushed
with hot coursing blood literally glow, and that is easily visible
from 3-4 meters away.  If they're standing right next to you, their
radiant heat is unmistakable.  A lot of people were working on breath
control, air hissing past tightened lips, trying not to gasp or pant.)

I was impressed, and not just at the delicious rudeness of it all.  In
my humble opinion, the female was not nagged, bullied or threatened
into doing that; she just did it.  Once she started, the male didn't
force anything, and both animals established their rhythm, took their
time, and did it right, with total concentration.  They cast the
distinct impression that they had all the time in the world.

I've tried to guess at "reasons."  Examples:
    She wasn't sexually receptive, but wanted to assure the male's
        loyalty and continuing interest.
    She wanted to make sure he'd have nice fresh sperm available
        (since the present crop was getting used up), when the
        time came for reproductive activity.
    His aromas, or ejaculation, or perhaps the mechanics of the
         act, might stabilize her cycles    (as happens in humans,
        with males' axillary [apocrine] glands having that
        effect on female menses) or have other desirable
        effects on her physiology.
    She liked it.
    She liked him.
(Then, in order of decreasing perceived likelihood:)
    They were getting paid.
    She did it on a dare.
    They were goofing on the audience.
    It was really 4 people in camel costumes.
    I imagined it.
Since I'm well known for my lack of imagination, the last alternative
is indeed the least likely.

I found the whole act somehow very nice, gentle, sympatico, and
erotic.  There were no visible issues of dominance or power.  Both
animals behaved with tact, serenity, and, if I may say so, dignity,
especially considering there was an almost complete ring of noisy
humans around them, some less than 15 meters away.

Clearly, others felt similarly, or I can't read people at all.
--


I have seen mares nuzzling and sometimes licking at a geldings sheath to
try and arouse him. I have been told that they do it to stallions as well
but all of the stallions I have known so far have not needed any encouragement.

On one occasion a little gelding was put into a pasture with several mares, all
of whom came into heat within a few days of his arrival. He mounted one mare
repeatedly, the first time he had ever mounted a mare in his life I believe.
After she went out of heat the lead mare of the group, a rather savage mare,
came into heat and tried to seduce the little gelding. He was too frightened
of her to perform though, since she had already kicked the stuffing out of
him several times. One afternoon though I was watching when she came up to him
and quietly began nibbling at his whithers. He stood quietly for this, nibbling
back sometimes, as her muzzle moved along his back, and then down his side.
She finally reached between his hind legs and began to blow on his sheath.
At this point the gelding started to get frightened, since this was a mare
who had torn pieces out of the others in the herd. But with her running her
nose around the entrance to his sheath he began to drop. He was wide eyed with
fear but his penis dropped until she could reach with her lips to start
gently nibbling at the side of him. Now his mood changed and he started getting
horny. His back arched slightly and he lifted his tail a bit. His cock got
fully erect and rose up to a 45 degree angle. Having been gelded young he
was quite under endowed for a horse, less than seven inches, but he was
fully hardened and blowing hard down his nose. The mare kept nibbling until
he was giving these funny little half whicker, half moan noises. At this
point she put her mouth further over his cock. The feel of her teeth (I assume)
startled him a bit though, he stopped looking so horny and started looking
frightened again. The mare kept running her lips over him but he began to
soften and drop down. Once he was about half way retracted he leapt away from
the mare and walked off. I did notice that his hind quarters looked wobbly
as he walked away. I went over to him and offered to stroke him but he
obviously just wanted to be left alone.

That's the closest I've seen to an equine blow job. I have seen a few other
mares nuzzle at geldings, but I've never seen one react to it as strongly
as this little gelding did. This is the same gelding that I saw trying to
manage what looked like an attempt at an equine 69 once years ago. Every
time he started to lick the mare though she would stop sniffing around
his sheath and raise her head though so he didn't get what I assume he
wanted. At that time I was still very worried about my reaction to horses
so I left instead of staying to watch them. I've regretted that for years.

--
