                                ANIMAL LOVER

                                 By George

DOG LOVER
 
     All Linda could think about on her way home was how glad she would be 
to see Maxx.  It seemed really funny that during one of the lowest points 
in herlife she could find a lover like Maxx.  After her husband had left 
with the kids Linda thought she would never be able to have a loving 
relationship again.
     But Maxx had changed that.  She was so anxious (and horny) that she 
hadremoved her panties before leaving the Animal Clinic so she could 
finger her cunt on her way home.  Linda began by stroking her inner 
thighs, the outer lips.  Working her way through the folds to the dark red 
labia below.  She teased her clit at the stoplight wondering what the 
people in the car behind her would think if they only knew what she was 
doing.  She frigged herself home stopping just short of climax as she 
pulled on to the dirt road that led to her small frame house.
     Hurrying inside, she dropped her purse on the sofa.  There was no 
sign of Maxx, where could he be?
     "Honey, where are you?", she called.  A stirring in the bedroom soon 
alerted her to Maxx's whereabouts.  "Stay where you are Lover, I'll be in; 
in a minute", she chimed.
     She slipped into the bathroom and peeled off her dress.  She was a 
buxom, strapping woman; Amazonian in height and perfectly proportioned 
except for a massive set of tits.  Her short, dark hair framed a lovely 
face that showed off the qualities she had received from her Latin 
mother.  She cupped her breasts, feeling the weight of them, she then 
began to gently brush the large, brown nipples; deliting in the sensation 
produced when they stiffened.  "Not bad for 38", she thought.  After a few 
minor adjustments to her make-up she made her way into the bedroom.  Linda 
stopped short upon entering the door.  She felt a wave of passion overtake 
her as a drop of her love juice trickled down her leg.  Maxx was laying on 
the bed in all his glory.
     Maxx was a Labrador Retriever.
     It was funny how her relationship with Maxx had begun.  He had been 
found abandoned on the road side all wet and mangy.  Linda's heart went 
out to him when the Vet brought him to the clinic.  She found some sense 
of relief when the Dr. pronounced him well but underfed.  Since her job 
was grooming she made a special effort with Maxx and had him looking fit 
in no time.  She had grown quite attached to Maxx and was thrilled when 
the Dr. gave him to her.  "Something to keep you from being so lonely", 
the kindly old man said embarrassedly.  Linda had only thought of him as a 
pet until that fateful night.
     She was watching TV; alone and horny, struggling hard to keep her 
mind off her lust and on the show.  She faced a long night of dildoing her 
self into a frustrated slumber.  Her reverie was broken by Maxx.  A soft 
lapping sound startled her, it was Maxx licking his cock.  Linda tried not 
to notice but soon found herself fingering her slit.  Intrigued by her 
moans and the scent of a female in heat Maxx sauntered over to her and 
began to sniff her crotch.  Linda was stunned, his hot breath aroused 
her.  Opening her robe she slid off her panties, Maxx began gently licking 
her snatch, his tongue spreading her pussy lips and working up towards her 
clit.  Linda let him lick until she came in a violent rush.  But the dog 
didn't leave, Linda soon found out why; Maxx was sporting a massive 
erection.  On impulse she began stroking his cock, she hadn't held one in 
her hands for so long.  Carried away with the moment she coaxed him to the 
bedroom and on to the bed, where she ate cock like never before.
     The next morning she was in a turmoil, what she had done shocked and 
embarrassed her; still the forbidden encounter had exited her.  By the end 
of the day she had reasoned that while it was taboo to do such a thing, 
she needed fucking bad and since there were no suitable men in town what 
could it hurt.  That night she let the dog mount her, he fucked her 
nonstop with his huge cock through several Earth-shattering orgasms.  
     Linda entered the bed room.  Maxx was lying on her bed, his shiny 
black fur contrasting with the cream colored bed spread, the tip of his 
pink cock just beginning to show out of it's furred sheath.  Linda could 
see his swollen balls hanging out between his back legs.  Linda slid on to 
the bed, "Oh Maxx,"she said softly, "it looks like you need it as bad as I 
do."  She began to rub her body across his back, her already erect nipples 
brushing against his sleek coat.  The sensation sent waves of pleasure 
coursing through her, she could feel her lust starting boil.  The juice of 
her wet cunt began to trickle on to him, as the stiff fur teased her 
pussy.  She pressed her cunt down on his back harder, causing the lips to 
spread and the fur to caress her throbbing clit.  Her love juice mingled 
with his animal scent and the aroma drove her wild.  Gently she placed her 
open mouth near his and let his tongue slide in.
     In his own way Maxx tried to understand their relationship.  He had 
owners before, providers he called them, but none like this.  The last one 
had treated him like shit, never feeding him half the time, kicking him 
around when he came home drunk.  Now he was on a dream ticket, not only 
was the food regular, he felt like he was the master, and not the pet.  
Sure at first it was strange but this human female could do things no 
bitch could.  He couldn't believe it when she first put his cock in her 
mouth, no female Lab would ever do that.  He enjoyed it when she would 
strip off her strange covering and climb into a warm bath with him, 
especially since it usually ended up with a long, hard fuck session.  She 
was always in heat, sometimes he felt like he could get no rest; but never 
the less she always got him off.  No matter how, or when she made sure he 
had shot his load, sometimes in her mouth; sometimes in her cunt.  All he 
had to do was show up with a hard-on and she would oblige, sometimes she 
tried her damndest to give him one.
     Linda had worked herself into a good lather, she stopped caressing 
her body with his, "Now for the fun stuff", she said.  She coaxed the 
canine on to his back, straddling him below the ribs in the process.  
Bracing herself on the headboard of the bed she lowered her breasts down 
towards his face.  Maxx responded by licking first one and then the 
other.  Linda gasped as his rough, pink tongue passed over her large brown 
nipples, each stroke bringing closer and closer to climax.  Maxx lapped 
greedily for a time not understanding why, or what she was doing.  Then 
she did something he understood.  Remaining in her kneeling position she 
leaned back and supported herself with both hands, thrusting her cunt 
towards his face and ever present tongue.  This he knew about.
     He had done this plenty of times to dog bitches, but they had never 
seemed to enjoy it as much as she did.  Linda reached down with her left 
hand and spread her pussy lips, letting the Lab lick the inner folds and 
letting his hot breath tease her erect clit, her vaginal fluid flowing out 
in torrents.  Maxx lapped up all he could, the remainder dripping down on 
to her asshole.
     The dog tired of this quickly, and soon stopped.  Linda sighed as her 
body shook on the verge of orgasm.  Lifting herself up she moved around to 
Maxx's right side.  "I know what puppy wants", she said playfully.  She 
reached down and began stroking his half hard cock with her right hand, 
fondling his ball sack with her left.  The dog liked this and resopnded 
with a growl.  His cock began to stiffen and slide out of it's sheath.  
Linda looked at the pink rod, it was at least seven inches long; from tip 
to base, but she could only get four of it inside her since his furry 
foreskin was so close to his body.  But four inches was enough, she bent 
down and kissed the tip; her tongue emerging from parted lips to tease the 
head of his cock.  She set her lips to the tip and began gently sucking 
the head, the dog began to wiggle; his balls tightening in her hand.  She 
let go of the head and began lightly licking up and down the shaft evoking 
even more growls and whimpers from Maxx.   Moving around between his back 
legs, Linda took his ball sack in her mouth, rolling each firm testicle 
around in her mouth.  
     By now small drops of the dog's pre-seminal fluid had begun to 
trickle out of his cum hole.  Discovering this Linda moved back up to the 
head of his cock and plunged it all the way into her mouth, letting it 
bulge out of her right cheek.
     She began to move her head up and down, fucking him with her mouth.  
She lightly squeezed his balls, while running her tongue around the whole 
of his rod.  Even more of his pre-cum seeped out.  Linda savored the 
taste, moaning while she sucked, finally tightening her lips around the 
base and slowly sliding the prick out of her mouth.  Straightening herself 
up, Linda straddled Maxx again; forcing his back legs apart with hers.  
Slowly she guided her cunt down onto his canine prick.  The sensation of 
it's pointy head parting the folds of her pussy sent a chill through her.  
She began to ride his cock, at first slowly; then picking up speed.  She 
alternated between long down thrusts, delighting in her ass touching his 
canine balls, and short quick strokes.  Each movement sending a wave of 
heat through her loins.  She could feel her own juices rolling out of her 
cunt, lubricating the dog's pole.  She moved up and down on top of him, 
until she felt a hot spurt inside her.  The feel of the dog's cum surging 
in her cunt bringing on the final rush of orgasm.
    She dismounted Maxx, who immediately stood up.  Linda noticed that his 
cock was still stiff.  Realizing that he was still not satisfied; she 
climbed off the bed and knelt down on all fours, bending her back in a way 
that indicated herreceptiveness.  Maxx understood this and quickly mounted 
her.  She guided hisrock hard, glistening, shaft to her asshole; luckily 
soaked in her own cunt juice.  The dog was in his own element and quickly 
exhausted himself by banging away at her tight asshole.  Linda came when 
he did, an even greater amount of cum than before flowing out of her ass 
and on to her thighs.  Linda sighed as she drug her limp body onto the 
bed; easily slipping off into an exhausted slumber, little knowing what 
lay in store for her and her passion for non human sex.
 
LINDA AND THE ANIMALS
 
     Linda was more than pleased when her boss asked her to watch his farm 
for a few days.  She had been feeling a little down and the thought of 
spending two or three days in a secluded rural setting appealed to her.
     She arrived after work, the Vet had already left and had placed a key 
under the mat.  Linda had brought Maxx along, why she didn't know.  Lately 
he seemed to have lost interest in her.  She setteled herself and had just 
sat down in the den with a good book when Maxx began to whimper to be let 
out.  Linda did so and returned to her book, she read for some time when a 
sound outside alerted her.  Looking out side she discovered Maxx fucking 
one of the farm dogs.
     "Well, if you're going to be that way...", Linda yelled as she closed 
the door.  She was furious, she had been screwing him exclusivly for the 
past 6 months and now this!  Fed up with the whole situation she went to 
bed.
     She awoke bright and early, as one does in the country.  After a 
light breakfast she peered outside, there was no sign of Maxx.  
     Linda decided that there was more to the world than just Maxx, so she 
decided that she would find someone else to roll in the hay with.  Oddly 
enough she decided to opt for a four legged partner instead of a two 
legged one since they didn't play with her head like a human would.  They 
just fucked you until they lost interest and them moved on.
     With this in mind she stripped off her robe and headed out the back 
door to see what she could find on the farm. "Besides, a nice walk in the 
nude will do me good", she said to herself.  
     She stepped outside letting her body soak up the sun's warmth.  It 
was a fine spring day which seemed to make her all the more hornier.  A 
few feet out the back door she encountered a two paths, seeming to lead to 
and from the house.  She opted to take the one that seemed to lead the 
farthest away.
     There was much activity in the forest.  Although she knew it would 
never happen, Linda wished that she could befriend some of the wild things 
she glimpsed as she walked.  Particulary the large, powerful buck she saw 
from afar.  The thought of his power as he slid his cock in to her made 
her pussy burn.  Naturally Linda sat down and fingered herself into a 
roaring orgasm.
     Walking on a little farther she came to the kennels.  The vet had 
told her about this.  He kept several animals, especially circus that were 
too old or sick to preform, that needed special care in a small kennel.  
Looking around she saw several dogs; but after Maxx she really didn't care 
for any canine companionship, there was also assorted cats; too small for 
her taste, and a toothless, sick, old, male lion.  
     The size of the lion's prick excited her, but, she didn't trust his 
claws.  She stopped anyway to finger her cunt when a movement in a pen 
farther down caught her eye.  Moving on carefully she came to the last 
cage.  In it was a gorilla.  Not only a gorilla but a gorilla who was 
jerking off.
 
LINDA OF THE APES
 
     Linda moved closer, watching the gorilla manipulate his massive 
member, she had heard that apes deprived of sexual partners did so.  
Something about the gorilla's cock attracted her.  Linda walked up to the 
stout metal facing of the cage and peered closer.
     She was startled when the gorilla began to move closer to her, but 
the cage was a strong one, with a face mad of iron that was held closed by 
a bar across the top.  Obviously he was tame.  Searching around she found 
some peanuts that the vet kept around to treat the gorilla.  She took a 
handful and lured the gorilla closer.  The gorilla never being one to pass 
up free food came forward, motivated by curiosity as much as the prospect 
of food. He had never seen a human out of those strange thing they draped 
over their bodies.  As he moved closer he began to get a whiff of her 
pussy.  Linda watched with growing amazement as his cock grew harder and 
thicker.  She was overwhelmed, never before had she been in contact with a 
creature; two legged or four, that asserted itself so masterfully.  In 
fact the power of the gorilla mesmerized her, she felt like bowing down and 
worshiping his prick.
     The gorilla edged towards her, reaching out to grab the peanuts in 
her hand.  As he was busy cracking open the shells, Linda reached down and 
began to stroke his cock lightly, hungrily regarding it's full ten inches.
Out of pure instinct combined with lust the gorilla, still totally 
absorbed in the peanuts, thrust his prick out until the tip just cleared 
the bars of the cage.  Linda bent down and gently began to run her tongue 
across the tip, tasting the pre-cum that had welled up in the head.
     The ape grunted his assent, and thrust his huge member out even 
farther.  Linda licked down the shaft to the base of his cock, surprized 
at how human it was; yet how animal.  Looking up she saw that the gorilla 
had dropped the peanuts and was standing there glassy eyed.  Wrapping her 
lips around the head she took the ape's cock in her mouth, surprized that 
she could manage it's girth with out dislocating her jaw.
     The ape responded by moving his prick back and forth.  Linda reached 
down and cupped his swinging balls, and began to gently squeeze them.  
This drove the ape wild, he began to hump her mouth; moving deeper with 
each thrust, until his prick was almost down her throat.  As he stroked 
deeper and deeper, Linda fingered her cunt, rubbing her clit madly as her 
cunt juice ran down her legs; each thrust brought her face closer to his 
fur covered belly.  The gamey odor of his body excited her; as his 
pleasure grew he began to rattle the bars of his cage.  Linda was 
surprised that she was not frightened in the least, she was totally 
absorbed in sucking his cock.
     The gorilla rammed his tool home, each thrust causing Linda another 
surge of pleasure.  She felt totally dominated by the ape, like she was 
there as a slave pleasing her master.  The gorilla picked up the pace, 
each stroke bringing him closer to orgasm.  With a grunt of self 
satisfaction he released his load.
     Linda felt his balls jump in her hand as the hot, thick, jizm 
exploded from his cock.  It felt like a gallon had spurted out, splattered 
on the back of her mouth, and gushed down her throat.  As his semen began 
to flow Linda felt herself go weak and an orgasm ripped through her.  
Sucking the last precious drop out she slid her mouth back along the shaft 
of his rod, stopping to lick the cum off the tip.  Linda savored the wild 
taste of his cum, much more so than she had Maxx's; or any man's.  She 
tenderly kissed the end of his still rigid cock.  The gorilla snorted and 
wearily slunk to the back of his cage, resting with his back against the 
back wall; his dick standing straight up.
     It was clear that he was tired but not satisfied.  Linda reached up 
to the top of the cage and undid the bar that held the door shut.  She 
edged her way in, the ape didn't stir; prefering to rest.  Linda moved 
slowly towards him.  The gorilla looked up at her wondering what she was 
going to do.  Linda reached down, stroking his gigantic cock.  
     Bracing herself against the walls of the cage, she swung her legs 
around, positioning her pussy over his cock.  Slowly she lowered her self 
down, feeling a wave of lust flow through her as the head of his cock 
parted the outer lips of her cunt.  Linda slid down as far on his pole as 
far as she could, the ape responding with a grunt of satisfaction.  The 
sheer size of his member amazed her, what amazed her even more was that 
she could take nearly all of it.  Her pussy griped his cock tightly, the 
position she was in adding to the pressure.  The gorilla was amazed, he 
had seen plenty of humans but none like this.
     Strangely, Linda began to mull the situation over in her mind.  Was 
what she was doing wrong?  Somehow she just couldn't see why.  After all 
weren't they living creatures like herself?  She felt shame at first, but 
the idea that this kind of relationship was taboo only excited her more.
Linda moved up and down on the apes cock, each stroke causing it to probe 
deeper and deeper.  She had never felt pleasure like this, her cunt juice 
flowed down her thighs, the odor of her juices mingling with the wild odor 
of the gorilla's fur; the scent of their union intoxicating her like no 
wine could.  
     The gorilla was captivated by her actions.  He bouncing tits 
fascinated him, he reached up and laid his hand heavily on one, exploring 
the soft, silky, texture of her skin.  Reaching between her legs he 
explored the folds of skin around her pussy as it worked it's way up and 
down his shaft.  This unexpected caress sent a jolt of extasy through 
Linda.  Involuntarly arching her back she lost control of herself and 
began to cum like she had never before.  A deep low moan came out of her 
and rose steadily into a high pitch.  Her pussy tightened on the apes cock 
causing him to come also.  Hot, white, semen flowed from his balls out 
through his shaft, rebounding off her insides and flowing back down 
Linda's thighs.
     When it was over Linda felt completly fullfilled.  The ape had 
crawled over in a corner and was sleeping.  Quietly she staggered toward 
the cage door and left, her pussy tingling but sore.  As she wearily made 
her way back to the house she wondered what she would do now that she had 
experienced the ultimate fuck.
 
EPILOGUE
 
     Linda visited her simian friend again before she went home, enjoying 
herself even more.  The ape learned quickly to let her do the work and sit 
back and enjoy.  She wondered tearfully if she would ever she the ape 
again.
     As luck would have it the old vet's wife died soon thereafter.  It 
wasn't long before he was under Linda's spell.  She married him hoping 
that she would be able to peroidically visit her animal lovers.  Much to 
her delight his sex drive was almost nonexistent leaving her relatively 
free from an sexual demands.  She found many opportunities for a good fuck 
in the kennels.
     But eventually he caught her, mortally afraid of what would happen, 
Linda was surprised to find out that the sight of her fucking the animals 
aroused him and not being disposed to satisfy Linda physically he was 
content to beat his meat while she humped any of the animals.  He even 
encouraged her to branch out, supplying her with different animals.  Linda 
was thrilled, with his approval and encouragement she set out on an oddesy 
of animal sex.  She soon overcame her fear and finally sucked off the old 
lion in the pens.  But she didn't just stop there, she went on to try 
other species of apes, dogs, pigs, bulls, rams, horses, and even a young 
elephant.  But she never forgot her ape and with her husband watching she 
regularly satisfied all three, finally fulfilling her lust for animal 
love. 


