

                              CHAPTER 1

                  What Happened After the Trolley Ride
                            or Ann's Story
                            
                           
You all remember the song called " The Trolley Car Song" about the turn of the
century where a certain young innocent lady went for a ride and lost her heart 
instead. This story takes place in the late nineteen thirty's up to now. Well
leave me tell you I lost more than my heart or maybe I did not lose anything
but gained a lot instead. I know because I am a lady that went on a trolley 
car ride and the same thing happen to me where I saw this tall, handsome young
young gentlemen and just like the song my heart started to reel when I looked
at him. What happened in the song happened to me and as I started to leave the
trolley he took hold of my hand and as if it were grand I stayed on till the 
end of the line with his hand holding mine although the funniest feeling                                      
passed over me and I felt a strange twinge between my legs when he took hold 
of my hand. It was as if I had touched my own cunny, which I had done a few 
times althought good girls aren't  suspose to do those things or even think or
know such words as cunny.


Clifford was a good looking fellow about 20 years old and was a part owner in
a habdashery store with his father. He lived with his parents and his younger
sister Susie who I found out was my age, about 18. As we talked on the trolley 
I found out that Clifford had never really had any girlfriends he was serious
about and I never had any boyfriends I was serious about. I tols Clifford I 
had just finshed High School and was working as a secreary in an architect
firm. I had a brother about 21 and a younger sister about 16 in eleventh grade 
in high school and never had any serious boyfriends although I had played 
games like spin the bottle or post office. As I said Clifford was good looking 
with brown hair, about 5'11" and weighted about 165 lbs. I was 5'5" tall, 
blonde hair with measurements of 30-24-30 and was always told by my older 
brother that I was very attractive. By the way my brothers name was Herbert, 
named after my father and my young sister was Abigail, who we called Abby.


Well, as I was saying we stayed on to the end of the line where it ended in a 
park area. There was an ice cream stand there and he asked if he could treat 
me to a dish of ice cream and I replied yes as I wanted to spend some time 
with Clifford and get to know him better. After finishing the ice cream I 
suggested a walk through the park as it was only midafternoon on this 
beautiful spring day. As we walked we saw a rabbit and tried to chase it thus
going off the path into the wooded parts of the woods. We soon came to a 
clearing and Clifford took off his jacket and laid it upon the ground so that 
I could sit on it without soiling my dress, never dreaming that more than his
jacket was going to laid on the ground that very day.     

I sat down on the jacket with my legs extended and Clifford sort sat in back 
of me so I could sort of lean on him. This was all happening fast and I was a 
little confused as a good girl doesn't end up in the woods with a boy. He sort 
of put his arms around me and the next thing I know his lips were touching 
mine and we were kissing . All of a sudden he sort of open my mouth and put
his tongue in my mouth and started rubbing his tongue on mine. I started to 
feel faint but did not want his kissing to stop. We kissed some more and he 
put his arms around me and put his hand on the outside of my blouse over my 
breasts. I started to move his hands when he kissed me again and started to 
press against my breasts and starting feeling them through my clothing. Once
again I had that funny feeling and it was feeling good. I told Clifford he 
mustn't do things like that and he sort of smiled and nodded. He asked if I 
wanted to get up and move on but I told him I could trust him and would stay 
there but only do kissing. I told him not to touch my breasts any more.

We kissed some more and my breath became heavy. I think Clifford noticed 
because I felt his hand on my leg and he was rubbing my knee. The next thing I 
know he was rubbing my thigh and then rubbing my cunny through my lace pink 
panties. I had completely lost all reasoning and surrendered  myself to 
Clifford but did not tell him. The next minute he had his finger under the 
crotch of my pink panties and I lost all control of my senses. I was breathing 
hard, wiggling every way to feel that sensation in my cunny. I was in extascy
and told Clifford so.

The next thing Clifford grabbed ahold of my hand and put it on a bulge 
sticking out of the front of his trousers. I knew this was his cock as I had 
seen a baby cock when changing them while babysitting. Clifford undone the 
buttons on the front of his trousers and this big huge gigantic cock popped 
out. I could hardly get my hand around it, but it felt so good to hold and 
there were drops of moisture coming out of the end of it.

Clifford meanwhile had lifted up my skirt and petticoats so that my white 
silk stockings,white garterbelt and pink panties were showing. No man had ever 
seen me like this but who cared right now. I had lost all inhibitions.
Clifford looked at me and said that not only was I beautiful on top but also 
underneath. He asked if he could slip off my pretty lace panties and after a 
moments hesitation I lifted my body up so he could slide them off. I was 
exposed to Clifford and the world. He touched my cunny which was very wet and 
then he slid his middle finger inside my cunny. I thought I would die of 
pleasure. At the same time he rubbed the top of my bush when all of a sudden
my breath quicken, I felt like passing out and a strange mysterious feeling 
came from my cunny and I almost passed out. Clifford told me this was what 
they called passion and that I had probably come, whatever that was, but I 
know that it felt so good I wanted to cum again and wanted to know if Clifford 
could also come.

I once again siezed Clifford's cock and started touching it and then stroking 
it. Clifford's eyes started to roll back in his head and all of a sudden his 
cock swelled up and this white cream started to come out the end of it in 
torrents. After Clifford calmed down I asked him if this is men call coming 
and he said it must be so. I got out my handkerchief from my purse to clean my 
hands off from his coming and had a few drops on my finger which I touched to 
my lips and knew this was some of the sweetest juice I had ever tasted. I knew 
then I wanted to taste more, much more.  
 
Clifford and I talked about how we had cum and the sensations we had felt 
running through our bodies. One of us casually said we would have to try it 
again sometime. The thing though was as we talked  we started to get hot 
sexually again. I told Clifford of how I had tasted his juice and wanted to 
taste more. He asked me to run my tongue over the top of his cock or prick as 
he said all the young fellows call there thing. I told him I could never do 
that being the good girl I was. Clifford said he did not know if I was a good 
girl or not but I was a great lady. He said it so affectionly. I slowly 
lowered my head down to the head of his cock or prick and flicked my tongue 
across it. I tasted some juice leaking from the head and knew I had to taste a 
lot more. I licked my tongue across the head of his prick and then down the 
sides to the root. He told me to cup his balls underneath and handle them 
gently while I was licking his cock. I then opened my mouth more and enclosed 
his cock in my mouth and started to work my mouth up and down on him. I looked 
up at him and he had a big grin on his face and I winked at him. I think I was 
falling for him. I continued working my mouth up and down his prick and all of 
a sudden it go rock hard in my mouth, Clifford started convulsing and torrents 
of cream or cum started coming out of his cock. I swallowed so I did not choke 
and held some of his come in my mouth as I wanted to savor the flavor of it. 
As I was savoring the flavor Clifford french kissed me. It was divine. I then
licked his cock and balls clean with my tongue.
 
Clifford said turn about was fair play and had me lie on my back with my legs 
spread. I opened wide and Clifford put his head between my legs and started 
to run his tongue all over my cunt and up into my bush. I started to get that 
feeling again. He would flick on the edge of my hole and then put his tongue 
inside and draw it out and go up to the top of my cunt where this little 
button was getting hard as a rock. He the crouched up a little and asked me to
unbutton my blouse and unhook my brassiere. I complied and Clifford started 
sucking on my breasts at the nipples. My nipples got rock hard and grew about 
one-half inch in size. He also cupped them at the same time. He then slid down 
and started sucking my cunt again while slipping one finger in my cunt and 
playing with one of my nipples with the other. Seeing how hot I was he took 
both my hands and placed my fingers on each nipple and instructed me to play 
with them as he then took his hands and opened my pussy wide and stuck his 
tongue in. he then licked this button and I started to cum and cum. He kept 
licking, I kept playing with my nipples and kept cuming. He slowed down with 
his licking till he almost stopped and started licking some more and I came 
again. He kept this up three or four times. We later figured out I was having
multi-orgasms. Never had I felt such pleasure in my life. 

Clifford then said we should fuck. I told him I never hear that word before 
and he explained what it was. I laid back down on the jacket with my dress and 
petticoats pulled up about my waist. I still had on my white garterbelt and 
stockings and Clifford said they could stay on. My pink panties Ihad put in my
purse. Clifford then got down between my knees and I help him guide the tip of 
his cock to the entrance of my hot steaming juicy wet cunt. He started to 
slide it inside and it filled up my hole that I thought it would split me but 
then it slipped in somemore and met another resistence. Clifford pushed, I 
cried out a little and the pain went away and pure pleasure returned. 

Clifford started working his body up and down and I started to match his up 
and down strokes. He lifted his body up a little and told me to finger one of 
my nipples and my cunt button. As I was doing this and Clifford was fucking me 
we looked into each others eyes and we knew we were ready to cum again. I said 
yes and we both came together. For two people who before today had never cum 
we were doing great. I told Clifford I wanted to lick his juicy cock after he
took it out of my pussy. For the next seven minutes or so Clifford would put
his cock in my pussy, it would soak up our juices, he would take it out again
and I would lick it off with my tongue and then french kiss Clifford. I did 
this till there was no more of his sweet juice left in my pussy. We then 
straightened up our clothes and departed to the trolley. On the way to the 
trolley, I had a crazy idea and took my panties out of my purse, lifted my 
skirt, rubbed them all over my pussy and gave them to Clifford to keep as a
souvenir. We then caught the trolley and Clifford said he would call me during 
to week to make another date for next weekend.
 
                                CHAPTER 2

                    LET YOUR FINGERS DO THE WALKING

Clifford did not call until Thursday night and for a while I had the feeling he 
was not going to call me at all, thinking I was a wanton women. We made a date 
to go to a concert Saturday night after which Clifford took me home and met my 
parents. 

The next day being Sunday Clifford came over to the house. My parents and 
sister had gone out of town and my brother had a date with his girlfriend,
Judith. That left Clifford and myself alone.

Then the pleasures began again. We talked and at the same time made some con-
fessions to each other. He told me that he had taken my panties to bed with 
him each night and would sniff the crotch and then would stroke himself into
coming. I confessed that I had rubbed my button a couple of times and cum but 
had stopped when I had my monthly cycle which was over yesterday afternoon.

Clifford said that he would like to watch me play with mt breasts and pussy 
and bring myself off in front of him. I told him I would if he would do like-
wise. He agreed and then we agreed it would be better to do it singlelly than
together because one could then enjoy and watch the others pleasure. I wanted 
to go first and took off my blouse, skirt and multi color petticoats. Cliff
then unhooked my brassiere and carressed my tits as he called them. He slipped
down my yellow pastel panties and I remained in beige stockings and a yellow
garterbelt. I sat down in a sort of reclining position with my legs apart
and told Clifford to pull a chair up in front of me and watch but not touch 
till I was at least cuming. I started by caressing my breasts and getting my
nipples hard. I then tried to tongue my nipples with my tongue but could not 
quite reach them. I then took my hand and started to rub my legs over my 
stockings and then my thighs. I then put my finger in the slit between my legs
and worked it up and down, all the time getting wetter and wetter. I massaged 
my button and really started to get carried away. I then stuck my finger in my
finger, got it soaking wet, looked Clifford in the eyes, smiled and licked the 
juice off my finger. I did this again and offered my finger to Cliff who I 
thought was going to suck my finger off my hand. I put my hand in my cunt area 
and stuck three fingers up my pussy twisting them every way for more pleasure.
I told Clifford to just stay where he was as I had a treat for him. I played 
with my clit with my other fingers, felt a rush in my pussy and strting cuming 
while looking Clifford deep into his eyes. I slowed down a little, felt 
another cuming coming, stood up and straddled Clifford's face so he could bury 
his tongue in my pussy. He lick ed my pussy when I was cuming again and his 
tongue slipped down to my nether area and I felt it at my backdoor or asshole
as the girls used to say. It was a funny feeling, embarassing in a way but 
Cliff kept licking and I kept cuming. I finally stopped cuming and got off of 
his face. I asked where he had hear about the ass tongue licking and he said  
his parents had some book hidden home with a bunch of pictures and written in 
French but Clifford knew the French language and was able to interpit the
writing. I said he should bring it some time and we  could try out the many 
things he described were in it.

As Clifford said it was now his turn to jerk-off for my pleasure. Now I had to 
not touch Cliff. He took off his trousers and shorts and his cock was exposed 
to view. He sat in the reclining chair and I opposite. He started by getting 
the end of his cock wet with his saliva and then started to run his finger 
over the head. The cock started to weep and pretty soon the whole thing was 
getting wet with a mucus solution. He wrapped one hand around his cock and 
started stroking it, slowly at first the faster. He cupped and rubbed his 
balls with the other hand. He was looking at me intensely and said it made him 
real, real hot to have me watch as he jerked himself off. I was hot as 
anything to and would have love to dove on his cock with my mouth. He lifted 
his shirt up almost to his neck and then resumed jerking. All of a sudden he 
convulsed, his dick started shooting gobs of cum which landed all over his 
chest, stomach and hairs around his cock. He said the next move was mine. I 
dove for his chest and licked all the cum off his chest, french kissed him, 
went to his stomach, licked off all the cum, french him again and licked his
balls and cock clean, then kissed him again.

As time was getting late and my parents were expected within the hour I had 
Cliff put his cock in my pussy and give me a quick fuck. I came three times to
his once. I also managed to get all the juice out of my pussy into my mouth as 
I explained before.
 
We then straightened up and waited for my parents to arrive.

While waiting my brother Herbert came home and said he and Judith decided to 
part company. He acted a little relieved. I said the next time we got together
we would introduce him to Cliff's sister Susie who was Ann's age. My parents
came home with my younger sister and we all went out to get a bite to eat.
 
Leave a message if you want to read more.








                           CHAPTER 3
        
                         THINGS IN LIFE

Although the sex was fabulous there were other parts to our lives because we 
realized that sex alone would not make it. We found we were both the same 
religion, believed in family and having children, getting ahead in life both
finically and socially. We agreed for the most part we were very compatible 
and that we should have very few difficulties in our relationship as it 
started to take a new turn and get serious. Clifford asked me to go steady and 
gave me a friendship ring. Once I started to go steady some of the other boys 
in he neighboorhood asked for dates but I told them they were to late, 
Clifford was my one and only love and I was his one and only love. Also the 
clothing business for Clifford and his family was expanding and Cliff's sister
Susie started to go steady with my brother Herbert. 

                              Chapter 4

                        Fooling or Feeling Around

Clifford started coming to the house on a regular basisand we experminted with 
sex whenever the opportunity presented itself or we helped it present itself.
We would go on a hayride and I would position myself so I could slide my dress
or skirt up in the back and Clifford could slide his hand up there and onto my 
pussy. With a slight motion of the wagon I could come off. Another time on a 
hayride it was so crowded we had to semi-recline sideways and Clifford managed
to slide his dick between my legs and come off. If we went to the movies we 
sat in the back or up in the balcony and would fool around. One time at my 
parents as they were listening to the radio we went into the kitchen, Clifford
had me bend over the sink and fucked me till he came. We tried as much as 
possible to cum together but if it did not happen it was no problem because 
somehow the other person got to cum before the night was over. If for some
reason Clifford was unable to cum I would give him my panties to take home and 
jerk-off in them and then bring them back on our next date and I would then 
wear them. As you can see I have a big adversion to Clifford's sperm. Other
times we would go for a walk and sort of slip into a wooded area for sex. 
Whenever I had my monthly then I would suck Clifford off which he got great 
pleasure from and with my craving for sperm I had happiness also.

                               Chapter 5

                             On Your Knees, Lady

On Saturday afternoon Clifford and myself went back to our place in the woods. 
He was acting very mysterious and strange. when we got there he told me to 
take off my skirt and slip and get down on my knees. I sort of hestitated as 
to the way he was acting, also if anyone had to stumble upon us here would be 
a half naked girl with my usual white garterbelt, white stockings and red lace
panties exposed to view. But having complete confidence in Cliff I did as he 
said. Soon I was down to blouse, stockings, garterbelt and panties and got on
my knees in front of Cliff. He told me to take his cock out and to stroke it
and then to start sucking on it. He told me I could pull my panties down and 
play with my cunt while sucking him, which I did. I lovingly caressed his cock 
and balls with my tongue, licking them and running my tongue over the head of 
his cock. The mucus started coming out of his cock end and I came all over my
fingers. I stopped for a moment and had Clifford suck on my fingers. I then 
continued sucking on him. I could tell he was close to the edge and ready to 
cum. He said to stop sucking but keep his cock in my mouth. He said "Ann,
will you marry me?  I want you to be my wife" I said "yes" and he shot his load 
in my mouth and down my throat. I sucked his cock till he begged for mercy. I 
had sucked him dry all the while having my little finger in his asshole. To 
this day if anyone ever asks if Cliff got on his knees to propose we say that 
I did, but that is all we say. Clifford took out a one carat ring and slipped
it on my finger, then took his cock and slipped it in my pussy till I came.

                             Chapter 6

                         All in the Families

We then decided a date for the wedding which would be February 9, 19__, six
months from now. My parents and younger sister were going out of town for he
weekend. I told my brother Herbert, Clifford and myself would not be home
Saturday afternoon and evening till late. Herbert also said Susie, Cliff's
sister and he had plans and would be gone about the same time as us. We 
really did not have plans. We just wanted to make sure the house was clear and 
wanted to spend an afternoon and evening in my bed fucking in style. We had 
talked about anal fucking and that was our number one priority for that day.
We all went out about the same time and about one hour late Cliff and I went
back to the house. As we entered we were very quiet and walked into the back 
parlor. I let out a gasp as there was Susie down on her knees between Herb's
legs sucking on his cock for all she could. Herbs pants were on the floor and
Susie's dress was pulled up over her waist exposing her black lace panties,
black garterbelt and black stockings. I had never seen such sexy exotic black
lingerie before and it instantly turned me on. At the same time Susie seen us 
Herb said he was cuming and held Susie's head down till she sucked him off.  
They both jumped up, Herb red as a beet, Susie started crying violently. I put 
my arms around Susie and eventually she quieted down. She said she would never 
be able to face us both again. We asked why, its only natural. All of a sudden
a grin came over Herb's face and he wanted to know why we were there, and why
had we said it was natural. Herb said "are you into some hanky-panky?"

"Us into hanky-panky" I exclaimed. "You're darn right we are" I though Cliff
would shot me then as he was embarassed as his sister. I told them all to calm
down and we discussed the situation. Finally Herb and Susie confessed they had 
been sucking and fucking since they met and we confessed the same. We said the 
reason we had come back to the house was we wanted some action also. I told
them seeing them like that had turned me one and the sight of Susie's panties
and garterbelt drove me crazy and I knew I had to purchase some. I was hot as
a firecracker and needed some cock. Also I wanted to watch Herb and Susie 
fuck. I had only seen pictures of couples fucking from the book Clifford's
parents had. They said they would like to watch us do anything and everything
we wanted. We said they were in for a treat. We also made a pact which we kept 
the rest of our lives since we were brother- sister relationships there would 
never be any incest between us. There never was any incest.

Since there were two couchs in the parlor and they faced each other Herb took 
Susie to one and Clifford took me to the other. We then starting to kiss with 
our partners and tried to do everything together simultaniously. We were 
french kissing, they were french kissing. Susie stood up and took off her 
blouse and had a black lace bra with little holes where the nipples would be 
and Herb started sucking her nipples throught the holes. I almost came in my
powder lace blue panties watching that. Cliff took off my blouse and lace 
powder blue bra and sucked on my tits. I managed to cup one up far enough 
so I could suck my own nipple. Clifford slipped his hand up my skirt, past my
stockings, past my thighs and starting rubbing the crotch of my powder blue
panties. My panties were wet as I was creaming and Cliff had dropped a big 
load in them last night at home jerking-off as I was unable to give him any   
pussy last night. Susie stood up and said she was embarrassed as hell in front
of her brother but she would get over it. She took off her black chantilly
lace half slip and stood there in her black lace panties that had an open 
crotch. I took one look at those panties and climaxed in mine. That was the 
first time I ever came without manual stimulation. Clifford's eyes bugged from 
his head as he seen his sexy, wanton sister in a black lace semi-see through
nippleless bra, a black lace garterbelt, black lace crotchless black panties
and high heel black pumps. Just the way Cliff looked at his sister I knew I 
had to get my hands on some lingerie like that. It was a good thing Susie was 
his sister or I would have had heavy competition. Lucky Herb. I was happy for 
my brother that a certain young lady would do things for him like that. I 
still had a susprise coming.

Herb told Susie to take off her panties for a minute and when she did we
seen there was no hair around her cunt and asshole. She said that Herbert
insists she shave her cunt and ass regularly. I was surprised, flabbergasted,  
and what have you. Susie was one wild women and Herb was the lucky benificary.

Susie slipped her crotchless panties back on and laid down on the coach and 
motiones for Herb to get ready for some action. Herb went over, got down on 
his knees and starting rubbing his tongue all over her cunt and clit. Susie 
squirmed as she got hotter and hotter. The juice was running out of her cunt 
and down her thighs. Herb spread her cunt lips and then started working his 
tongue in Susie like a piston going in and out. She squirmed some more, 
started getting glassy eyed and came. Herb then took his cock and put it in 
her juicy, wet, steaming, bald cunt and started fucking her violently. Susie
matched him stroke for stroke while all the while screaming for Herb to fuck
her, fuck her. She had her black stocking legs wrapped around his back and was
crawling at him violently. She slipped her one hand down to exercise her clit
and then all of a sudden she let out a long low scream and started cuming.
She clawed at Herb"s back till it bled and Herb convulsed and came. He must of
shot off for about one minute before coming to a stop. Herb got up and Susie 
sucked his pecker clean. She stood up and had gobs of cum all over her 
panties, garterbelt, and stockings. She took her fingers and gathered the gobs 
of cum up and put them in her mouth and smiled. Both Clifford and myself were 
hot with passion. While they were fucking we had been playing with each other
and were now ready to put on our sex show for them.

We were still dressed so I undressed Clifford very slowly stroking his body
parts while doing so. He took off my blouse, skirt and powder blue halp slip
and I stood there in my powder blue lace panties which were soaking wet from 
all the cum shot off in them, powder blue garterbelt, white lace top stock-
ings and white high heel shoes. Clifford told me just to stand there and he 
pulled my lace powder blue panties down to they dropped on the floor but not
outside my feet. He then started to lick me all over with his tongue, over my 
chest, lower body in front and then down my legs over my silk stockings. He 
told me to bend over and touch my toes. I did and Clifford stuck his tongue
up my ass. I came instantly. I had never felt anything as exquisite as that.
He then directed my over to the coach end and told me to lean over it. He then 
worked his prick into my asshole. It really hurt at first but after a minute 
the pain went away and the pleasure returned. Clifford started his in and out 
motion and I knew then that getting fucking in my ass was going to be a 
regular thing also. As he was pistoning in and out he reached around me and 
with one hand played with my cunt button and with my right nipple with the 
other. I was in to much extascy to do anything to my self. He then put one 
finger up my cunt and I could feel his cock in my ass and his finger in my 
pussy almost touching each other. He started going real fast and then we both 
came violently. We had been carried away in our passion we forgot about Herb
and Susie being present. When we looked Herb was bent over the other sofa
with Susie kneeling behind him with her tongue up his ass. She was stroking
his balls and cock and just before Herb started to cum he turned around, put 
his cock in her mouth and came. Susie had at the very moment he came slipped 
her finger all the way up his ass. He must of came for about one minute. Susie
still had me affected by her lingerie and then was on my list of things for my 
trousseau.

Afterwards we sat there and discussed ways we had fucked or sucked on dates 
with the other couples not knowing what was going on. Susie told how Herb and 
her went to a birthday party, how she excused herself to go the bathroom and 
how Herb gave her a quickie while all the merriment was in the next room. We 
told how Cliff and I fucked in the kitchen of my parents house with them in the
parlor listening to the radio, how I sucked Cliff off one night on the back 
porch  and how one night on a double date with Susie and Herb we managed to 
both cum in a movie theatre sitting next to them. We had numerous ways we had 
gotten each other off in proximity of our parents or friends. They pretty much 
told the same stories. Afterwards Herb took Susie to his bedroom and I took 
Cliff to mine for private love sessions. This was not the end of us fucking 
together with Susie and Cliff and it happened many, many times during our lives.



      


                            Chapter 7
  
                             Shopping

Getting ready for the weeding was kind of a chore but I still needed to get to 
the lingerie shop with Susie. I made a date with Susie for a Saturday afternoon
and arrived at her parents home. They said to come in and Susie was upstairs. 
I went up to Susie's room and knocked, she opened the door and told me to come 
in. She was at that time shaving her cunt for Herb. She showed me the proper 
way to shave a pussy and ass so you don't get cuts on them. I watched very so
fasinated. She then said she had some other sexy lingerie and wanted to know 
if I wanted to wear it. I said, why not. I stripped out of my clothes, my 
white lace bra, white garterbelt and beige lace panties. She gave me a bright 
red lace garterbelt, red lace french panties which were very lose in the 
crotch which Susie said to me were good for fucking while wearing because I 
always had Cliff's load in my panties anyhow. This way he could fuck me with 
my panties on and then his load would run out of my cunt into them. One thing
about Susie, she always looked out for me and my pleasures. I then hooked
my beige stockings to the garter attachment and then Susie gave me a red lace
full slip and a red lace bra. I then put on my outer clothes. We went to shop.

We arrived at Fifi's Corseteria and went in. The one lady recognized Susie and
immediately came over. Susie introduced me as her sister-in-law to be. Susie
explained to the lady I wanted to see everything she had in garterbelts, bras,
slips, panties, stockings, corsets, brasellettes and anything else in sexy
lingerie. She showed us garterbelts first and I picked out a red, orange and 
black one. In panties I picked three black pair, three red, one blue crotch-
less, one green with black trim crotchless, and a yellow bikini style. I 
picked out all different color stockings to go with the many outfits I had.
I spied a pair of purple french lace wide crotch panties which I also selected
for my wardrobe,plus I selected a complete outfit of bright yellow laced
panties, garterbelt, bra, stockings and full and half-slip. Also selected a
blue, green, brown and two black full slips with french scalloped lace at the 
top and bottom of each slip. I also selected matching bras of the same color 
plus I got two of the nippleless bras like Susie had. I got a black and red
lace brasellette and a dark blue waist cincher type corset with six suspender 
straps instaed of the usual four suspenders. We went back to my house. No one  
was home so we went to my bedroom and I tried most of the lingerie on.

Susie claimed that with seeing and feeling all this frilly lingerie it was 
making her as hot as a fire. I said the same and told her how I had dropped a 
load in my panties when I had seen her in her crotchless black lace panties
that night when we had caught her blowing (new word I learned from Susie)
Herb. She said she remembered the incident well. She now said she was so hot 
she felt like playing with herself. I said to go right ahead and asked if she 
did it much. She said since she was twelve years old and had read about it in 
a book she tried at least three or four times a week until she started having 
sex with Herb. She said at a later date she would tell me how Herb and she had
started out sucking and fucking, plus now adding rimming and reaming.

Susie slipped off her dress and white full slip and stood there in white 
laced garterbelt, stockings, bra, crotchless panties and white pumps. I said 
she looked good enough to eat. I then undressed down to the red sexy lingerie 
Susie had earlier given me. Susie said I also looked good enough to eat. Some- 
where an idea was formulating because Susie casually brushed my arm and like a
shot of electric coursed thru me. I said something phony about her bra strap  
and acted like I was going to adjust it. As I touched her strap she trembled a 
little and all of a sudden I lost my thinking and I cupped her breast thru the 
bra. She lost her head and put her lips to mine and started french kissing me.
I responded in kind though I was mixed up. This girl was to be my sister-in-
law, but then I thought she would be no blood relative and this was not incest 
of any kind. Susie slipped her hand up the red tap panties I had on and touch 
the lips of my cunt. I climaxed on her finger. While still holding the kiss
I felt for her pussy and touched her clitoris and started rubbing it. Slowly
at first and then faster with Susie looking into my eyes with a love that only 
one women knows for another women. She said she was going to cum and I dropped
to my knees and started working my tongue in and out of her cunt hole till she
climaxed violently and collapsed on the floor. She said Herb had blown her 
pussy many times but he never ate her out like I did. I said this was the 
first time I had ever tasted another girl's cunt but it was delicious and I 
wanted to do it again very soon. Susie said she had done it a few times 
with two of her girlfriends but that is another story. Susie said for me to 
lay down and she would give me a blow-job. Susie loved the word "blow-job", she
also had a way with sex words, as Herb said and later Cliff. Susie could use 
the must vulgar words and the most detailed descriptions of sex acts and make 
it sound like a symphony of love. She was a gifted person in that area.
She could also put you in positions that would embarass you greatly for a 
short period of time till you figured out her motives. 

I did not lay down,  but reclined in a chaise type lounge I had in my room. 
Susie sat down directly in front of me with her bald cunt staring me in the 
face. I pulled on side of the billowing panties aside, wet my finger and 
sarting to rub my pussy very gently. Susie watched me very intently as I 
speeded up the motion, then she stood and came over and stood along side me
leaned over and planted a kiss on my lips. She started stoking my hair as I 
continued to finger myself with one hand and rub my left nipple with the 
other. Susie gave me another kiss and leaned over and started sucking my
tits one at a time. She was a picture leaning over me in all white with her
white bra, garterbelt, stockings, high heeled shoes and crotchless panties 
right in front of me. As she licked and sucked my breasts I slipped my hand 
inside her white lace crotchless panties and started running my finger from 
her clitoris to her asshole. I felt my temperature rising as I was starting to
get hot. Susie then went down to the bottom of the chaise and motioned for me 
to slip off the pretty red panties she had lent me. She started licking at my
thighs and rubbed her tongue on my stockings all the way to my toes. She then
started sucking my stocking covered toes and I went insane from the pleasure.
She sucked my toes and it was like a lightning bolt shooting through my red hot
throbbing, pulsating snatch. My passions continued to mount, tembling and 
throbbing when I told Susie I was going to cum. She slid up and then started 
working her finger up my asshole while with one of her other hands finger she 
inserted it in my cunt and started to work it in and out and sideways first
rubbing one cunt wall then the other. My clit was a hard as a rock and it
protruded out like a stiff little cock as I continued to rub it furiously. 
Susie the started sucking my clit with her mouth. All of a sudden I exploded
and screamed out in pleasure. I came, Susie licked and sucked and I came again
and again. I came about six times. We then got dressed because the time was 
getting late. Susie offered me the red lingerie to wear for Cliff but I said I
would wait for a more opportune time.



                              CHAPTER 8

                            The Rehersal 

This is Susie talking now. The wedding rehersal was held last night at the 
local church and tonight I am throwing a party for Ann on her last night 
as a single woman. My parents have gone out for the night and about eight
girls and myself are here. We did a lot of talking and joking around with
Ann and about 10:30 P.M. the party started to break up and soon it was
just Phyllis, Louise, Ann and myself left. We started talking again and 
somehow the subject got on sex. After much persuasion Ann told how Cliff
had first made love to her but she did not tell them it was the first time 
they met. Phyllis said how she had started in high school when she had a
crush on Ellwood and after a dance she had finally got fucked in the back
seat of his car. Louise said she was much like Ann in that Chuck had taken 
her for a walk that ended up in a wooden area and she lost her cheery there.
Both girls claimed that they were cockteasers who were asking for it when it
happened. I then told my story which Ann says is vulgar in a loving sort of
way.

My brother Cliff introduced me to Herb and we hit it off immediately. On the
second date Herb tried some hand motions but I pushed him off. One night
after dating about a month we went to a party at my friend Dodi's house.
While there Herb's old girlfriend Judith came in. Herb said he had dated her
at one time. To me she was a dog and I said something to that effect. Another
guy arrived whom no one especially cared for, name of Skip. Later on that 
evening as I got half drunk I made some snide remark to Herb that I would
not suck Skip's cock with Judith's mouth. It was the booze talking. Herb was
shocked I would say something or know anything like that. He also asked if
I would blow him with my mouth. I smiled and winked at him and said you never
know. Soon afterwards we left the party and in Herb's car I started teasing
him. He kept grabbing for my breasts but I fought him off . He started running
his hands up my leg up to my garterbelt and played with the garter attachment 
on my stocking. As we neared my home there was this dark stretch and he pulled 
the car off to the side of the road. He had a bottle with him and we started 
drinking again and he kept trying to feel me. He said something about the 
blow-job and asked if he could have one. I had never blown a boy before, or 
had any other kind of sex. Herb said he was tired of my teasing with words
and pulled down his zipper and put my hand inside his pants. When I touched
that whopper I knew Herb would get his blow job. I pulled it out of his pants
and started stroking it as it got wetter and wetter and jucier and jucier. I 
leaned over and touched the tip of his cock with my tongue and tasted him.
It tasted all right, not the best taste in the world but Ann would disagree
with me saying that, as cum is her favorite food or drink. I started to run my 
tongue up and down his cock and then inserted it in my mouth and tried to 
swallow it. I went down to the root and back, doing this and jerking on it
till Herb starting moaning with pleasure, convulsed and came all over my mouth
and face. I cleaned myself up with Herb's handerchief and Herb said he wanted
to put his dick in me. I said I didn't want our first fuck to be on the back 
seat of a car. but would he like to see if he could bring me off by playing
with my cunt. As I write these words I want to let you know these are the 
words I used with Herb. He soon got used to me talking vulgar and loved to 
hear me talk that way. I hiked my dress and half slip up and slid off my 
yellow chantilly laced panties, leaving on my beige hosiery and black lace
garterbelt. I spead my legs with one leg over Herb's and Herb took his hand
and started to rub it up and down on my cunt. the more he rubbed the wetter
I got, the wetter I got, the hotter I got. He inserted his finger in me and I
was in exstacy. He worked his finger in me up and down and then sideways from
on cunt wall to the other. He slid his finger up to my clitoris which was as
hard as a rock, rubbed it a few times and I came screming out "fuck me with
your finger, fuck me, oh finger fuck me." A week later my parents were out and
Herb had the opportunity to fuck me royally, it hurt a little at first but 
afterwards felt great. I think the reason I am a have an insatiable appetite
to suck cock is because the first time I had any sex with a male who just
happened to be Herb, I blew him. Herb also goes wild over the frilly French
lingerie I wear all the time just for him and my shaved cunt and ass.

Ann talking again. After the stories Louise and Phyllis went into the 
bathroom and I went to the kitchen. We came back to the living room but Susie
wasn't there. We heard her calling us from upstairs. We went up and into the
bedroom and here was Susie, legs apart, playing with her cunt while reclining 
on the bed.I was appalled that she would do something like this in front of 
Phyllis and Louise. Before I could say something Susan and Phyllis had their 
hands all over me and up my dress and one of them was trying to french kiss 
me. Susie explained that these two girls were the ones she had experminted 
with before. Susie said the party would now start.

We all took off our dresses, Louise had on a dark brown slip that was all lace 
from the top to the bottom, underneath she had on a dark brown bra, dark brown
garterbelt with six suspender straps, dark brown panties, her beige stockings
and brown high heels. She stripped off her bra and panties. Susie had her red
lingerie on again but this time she had a garterbelt that was pitch black but
had bright red suspender staps and a pair of pitch black crotchless panties  
with the outline of the missing crotch material outlined in bright red lace.
Throught the opening you could see her bald cunt. Phyllis was like a rainbow.
She had a bright yellow bra, violet lace bottom halp slip, a blue garterbelt 
strawberry pink tap panties, white lace top stockings and red shoes. She was
a walking rainbow of colors and everyone joked about it. We were all down to
our garterbelts, stockings and heels except for Susie who left on her crotch-
less panties and myself as Susie had asked me to leave mine on. She had req-
uested that earlier that evening I get Cliff to shoot a load in them which he
did and it was laying in the crotch with my juices. Susie told Phyllis and Lou 
to take care of me. Phyllis started kissing me and playing with my breasts
while Louise got on her knees and started running her tongue over my stocking
covered legs, over my toes and the back of my knees. She headed towards my
thighs and slipped her fingers under the panties and felt the wetness of the
crotch and explained how very wet my panties seem to be. Susie told her to 
suck my cunt through the panties to enjoy the flavor and taste of the juices,
never dreaming they were more Cliff's than mine. Susie ended up having those 
two girls eat Cliff's load out of my panties and they never found out till 
afterward. I neglected to tell you I was all in pink lingerie. Louise sucked 
the crotch of those panties plus running her tongue all over them and pushing 
them in my crack and sucking some more. She slipped my panties off of me so
that Phyllis could run her tongue over them and taste the cum juices on them. 
Louise then put her tongue in my cunt and started drilling me with her tongue, 
Susie got in back and started licking and sucking my asshole and playing with
my clit while Phyllis french kissed me and played with my nipples. Lou besides
sucking my cunt was stroking my legs with her hands and I was just squirming 
to cum. Finally it started to build and I went over the edge screaming as I 
came "suck my cunt, suck my cunt, lick my clit, get your tongue further in my 
asshole" I screamed and came again and then a third time.

Louise said that we should do something original like lie in a circle with
one girl sucking the next girls cunt and she sucking the next girls cunt, sort 
of like a daisy chain. Phyllis said she had a fantasy she would like to do and 
explained it. We did Phyllis's fantasy. We sat in a sort of square position so 
that we were facing across from each other and reclined on pillows. Phyllis 
said we were to fantize about making love with someone or something but not
our lovers or steady boyfriends. While telling our stories we were all suspose 
to play with our pussies and clits. Phyllis started to tell about the butcher 
shop and the big bologna rolls under the counter and wondered what it would 
feel like to have one of those in her cunt. We all talked about the bologna
roll and Susie said she would like to suck on one till it came. She could 
probably do both. I said that I would like one of those long sausages in my
cunt and shoved up my ass at the same time. Louise said she would like the whip
cream in the dairy section sprayed around and in her cunt and ass and licked 
off by some stud with a long tongue. After fantizizing we all came off and 
called it a night.
w
                              Chapter 9

                             The Wedding

At noon Saturday, May _, 19__ we got married. I Had Janice for my brides-
maid and Cliff had his Friend Donald for best man. Janet and Donald had never
met before this occassion but they fell in love with each other and married 8
months later. Janet was a lifelong friend of mine from grade school through 
high school. She was at the party last night but had left early. Found out
later it was to meet Donald. I wore a white gown of Chantilly lace with a 
train seven feet long, a veil and long sleeved white gloves. We held the 
reception at the local Legion Hall afterwards and the Cliff and I went back
to my parents house to change. Janet wanted to assist me but I told her and 
everyone else I could handle it, plus it would give me a chance to get more
aquainted with my husband. They all laughed.

We arrived at the house and I told Clifford I wanted him to take me in my 
wedding gown now. We kissed passionately as soon as we got in the front door.
We headed up the stairs to my room, kissed again and I sat on the edge of the
bed and assisted Cliff in sliding my gown up so that my lingerie was exposed 
to him. Under my gown it was all bright yellow. I had wanted this to be symbol
of the sun shining on our love. I had a bright yellow slip with laced top and 
bottom, a bright yellow strapless lace bra, yellow panties made completely out
of lace, a yellow opera garterbelt trimmed in black with the six suspender
straps in yellow but outlined in black lace, yellow lace top stockings with a
blue garter on one leg for marriage tradition and white high heeled shoes.
Clifford loved my choice in lingerie and as I said before Cliff loved me to
wear sexy lingerie all the time which I did to please him, but also for my own
enjoyment. He put his head under my gown and went straight for my panties. He
put his tongue in the crotch of the panties and just worked it up and down the
crotch. I got boiling hot in the cunt real quick. I told him to stop before I
came off. For our wedding fuck I wanted it to be together. I told him to stand
up and take his cock out of his tuxedo pants. He did and I started to blow 
him. He finally had to stop me and then he went back to take my panties off.
Cliff said the way to a women's pussy is through her panties. I believed him.
Cliff liked to have passed out because I had shaved both my cunt and asshole.
He put his cock up to my pussy and I guided it into my pussy. We started working
up and down in a slow motion and then increasing our speed. We looked into 
each others eyes with love and passion as we both hit the top and came off
together. As per my speciality I licked his cock off, french kissed Cliff, 
put his cock back in my pussy to gather up more juice and go through the same
routine again. After doing this for about seven minute Cliff was hard as a 
rock again and he told me to get on the bed doggie-style but put on my lace
panties first. I got into position and Cliff pulled my panties down from the 
back, stuck his tongue up my ass till it was well lubricated and then stuck
his cock in my hot ass and fucked me while rubbing my clit with his hand. We 
again came together. He pulled my panties up so I could catch his load in my
panties. We then changed and left for the Pocono Mountains in Pennsylvania,
a drive of about three hours but it took us seven hours.

                            Chapter 10

                             The Trip

It took Cliff and myself seven hours to do a three hour trip. We did not have
any car problems. Our problem was we couldn't control ourselves. We started
out and before we got out of town Cliff had his hand between my legs and was
rubbing my crotch. I took off the yellow panties, took out his hard cock and 
started to rub them up and down his cock jerking him off. He pumped a load of
cum into my yellow lace panties which I immediately sucked out of the panties
and swallowed. Since he was driving I did not want any accidents so I fingered 
myself till I came. We must of drove about another 50 miles and Cliff's hand 
was on my leg playing with my garterbelt suspender strap when all of a sudden 
he pulled off the side of the road into a wooded area. He turnrd and french 
kissed me and and ran his hand up to my bald cunt. I had left my panties off.
He fingered my cunt till it was juicy wet while I was stroking his hard prick.
He then had me straddle him in the front seat and he guided his cock into my
steaming cunt. We both worked up and down till the passion mounted and I came
three times to Cliff's once. I cleaned up his cock by licking it and cleaned
up my pussy with the all lace yellow panties. We drove further but Clifford
still had his hand on my thighs trying to finger my snatch. I had my legs as 
far apart as they would go so he could do whatever he wanted. He then again 
stopped and pulled into a wooded area and we got out of the car. He had me 
lean over the hood of the car spread-eagle, face down and he got down on his
knees and stuck his head under my dress. He ran his tongue from the back of my 
knees up to my ass cheeks and into my ass crack. He told me to spread my ass-
cheeks wide, which I did and he stuck his tongue up my ass. The lightning
shocks shot thru me, while blowing and reaming my ass he started rubbing my 
clit and I went screaming over the top . As I came Cliff stuck his finger all
the way up my cunt. I then had Cliff spread-eagle himself on the car and take
down his trousers and shorts. I stuck my tongue up his ass and started playing 
with his balls. I could feel his cock was swollen hard as a rock. While 
reaming and rimming his asshole I played with his balls and stroked his cock.
He said he was coming and I told him to turn around as I wanted his creamey
hot, load in my mouth. He shot his Load and I drank up every drop. Only then we
proceeded to honeymoon hotel where we spent a week of sucking, fucking, ream-
ing, rimming and mastrubration on each other or on ourselves with our mate
watching. When we left my cunt and his cock were so sore we did think we would
never have sex again.

 
                              Chapter 11

                            Our First Visitors

Clifford speaking. We were settled into our apartment for about a week when
Ann informed me that Susie and Herb were coming over to visit. I asked
Ann if she was going to suck Susie's cunt when they showed up. You could 
knocked her over with a feather, she was mortiified that I would say such a 
a thing. I said, tell me it isn't true. She did not know what to say,and then
started crying and sobbing while running into the bedroom. It was then that I
confessed to her I knew all about her and Susie. I could see something in
their eyes when they were together and I had confronted Susie who then told
me what had happened. I told her I was not afraid of her with another
women, only another man. She breathed a sigh of relief and said she was glad
I wasn't disappointed or pissed-off at her.I told her our love was to strong
for that, besides I wanted to see Susie and her go at it. I don't know if Herb
knew anything but knowing my sister she had probably told Herb.

Susie and Herb showed up and we spent an hour or so conversing and talking 
about their wedding plans which would be about six months from now. I got my
sister to the side and asked her if Herb knew about me and her. She said
Herb not only knew, but approved. We went back to the other room and Herb 
asked if he and Susie could use the extra bedroom to do a little fucking. I 
said just a little which got a laugh. They said we could watch if we wanted
so we all adjourned to the bedroom. Herb stripped Susie down one article at
a time, first her flowery violet dress, her lacey dark brown full slip, her
strapless brown bra and her lacy brown panties. She had on her dark brown
lace garterbelt, brown lace top stockings and white high heal patent leather
pumps.She lay on the bed with her legs apart and Herb said " Boy, she looks 
good enough to eat. How about it Ann, my little sister, would you like to 
eat her first before I fuck Her? I think she would like it." Ann realized
that everyone knew about her and Susie and that there were no secrets from any
of us. Anne said why not. I then stripped her down out of her red blouse and 
white skirt under which she was all in powdered blue lingerie. I left on her
crotchless panties, garterbelt, white stockings and light blue pumps. I went 
down on her to get her wet while Herb went down on Susie. After that, the 
girls got down to business. Ann dived for Susie's head and planted a
french kiss in her mouth that had Susie squirming immediately. While kissing
they started playing with each others tits and then ran their respective hands 
down to each others cunts and clits. The whole room was charged with a sexual
atmosphere. Susie slid down and ran her tongue along Ann's snatch and then
Ann did the same for Susie. All of a sudden they got into a head over heels
position or sixty-nine. All you could hear were tongues lapping, two guys
pulling on their own cocks and the picture of the girls buried in each others 
pussy. Ann said to Susie to lie on her back which she did. She then went 
down on Susie like there was no tomorrow. She drilled Susie's pussy with her 
tongue and finger, then stuck her finger up Susie's ass. She asked me how soon
I was to cumming from jerking off and watching this torrid scene. I said I was 
ready to cum. She told me to cum in her mouth while she finger fucked Susie's
ass and clit. I put it in her mouth, she sucked and sucked till there was no 
more to suck out of my cock and I collapsed. Susie screamed she was cuming and 
Ann went down on her cunt and sucked her clit for three minutes straight
while Susie screamed to get fucked, sucked, ass fucked and what have you. She
finally begged for mercy and for Ann to stop. We all applauded Ann for her
fine demonstration. Herb had not come yet so Susie asked him to jerk off and 
shoot all over her which she did. Susie then went down on Ann and bought 
her off with a spectular cunt eating job. Ann said she thought her head 
would collapse from the suction of Susie's mouth on her pussy. We all then got  
dressed, went out for coffee and Herb and Susie stayed the night in the guest 
room. The bedsprings sqeeked all night in there.
 
                               Chapter 12

                        Visitors and more Visitors

Herb and Susie were always over our house and always in the bedroom. We had 
open invitations to watch each other or participate if we wanted or they 
wanted. Plans for their wedding were progressing nicely. Phyllis and Louise,
would stop by occassionly but we never seem to get it together for any sex.  
After a lot of discussion and soul searching Cliff and I decided that if we 
should get into a sex scene one night with the opposite sexes participating
and we should happen to have sex with someone other than our mates or our own 
sex we would just chalk it up to experience and deal with it then. We felt it
then and still do that we are intelligent individuals who love each other to
leave a sexual interlude come between us. We also promised never to have sex
with someone else than our partner without our partners approval. Once again
I state that I could not have sex with my brother Herb or Cliff with his 
sister Susie. We stuck with that rule.

Donald and Janet were also preparing for their wedding and dropped by the 
house one night. They had met through our wedding. Janet was a brunette,
a tall, lean sort of girl with a dark complexion. She had a lot of Mexican
and Spanish blood in her from generations passed and if you did not know her
you would think she was negro at first. Cliff always said she had a million
dollar pair of legs. He said when she wore high heels it was hard-on time for 
all men. Between the shape of her legs and body she was built to fuck and for  
fucking. Kiddingly he said he would like to lick her stockings, garterbelt and 
panties right off her body if it took a hundred years. I said maybe she wore a 
panty girdle instead of a garterbelt. Cliff said he would eat the crotch right 
out of the panty girdle. I knew what she wore but Clifford could find out for 
himself what she wore if the occassion ever rose.

She asked me to be her maid of honor and Donald asked Clifford to be best man.
We both agreed because secretly we were both hoping we would be asked. After
much discussion they left and Cliff and myself turned in for the night.

Next night it was Herb and Susie back. Cliff and myself were beat so when 
they asked us to join them in sex we just watched. Susie put a rim and ream 
loving on Herb's asshole that when he came off he was screaming for joy and I 
mean screaming. That girl could make a bed post knob ejaculate. Susie then 
layed back on the bed and played with her pussy and asshole till she was 
ready to come and Herb went down on her and sucked her clit over the top but
Susie wanted more. Finally Ann relented and went down on Susie and lightly
teasingly tongued and finger rubbed her pussy and clit for twenty minutes or so.
Susie once again went screaming over the top. Susie said the girls wanted to 
get together some night soon for a little female companionship if the boys did
not mind. They had wanted to go to a ball game together anyhow and see the 
home town professional National League Baseball Team.









   

                             Chapter 13

                  Boys Night Out, Girls Night In and Out

Susie got together Phyllis, Louise, Janet, Marjorie and myself for an evening
of the girls being together. Susie, Louise. Phyllis and myself knew it would
end up being a night of sucking and fucking girl style with the girls. We
weren't sure about Margie and Janet even thought Phyllis said she had gotten
close to Margie one time, but nothing happened as there was an interuption.

We all got together at our apartment at 7:30 for cocktails. The men had left 
for the ball game and would not be back till about 11:00 P.M. Susie started
things off by talking about her up coming marriage and Janet jumped in about
hers also. Louise started kidding them about how the men would use there 
bodies for their pleasure and maybe not get any pleasure in return. Susie
winked at me and started on Louise asking her how she knew so much. Louise 
then confessed she had an affair with Charley and all Charley did was use her
body for his pleasure. Susie asked if she would rather have a women use her 
body. She said she felt nothing wrong with making love to another women. Janet 
asked how girls could make love love to each other and Susie said she thought 
that she knew how. Louise slipped over by Janet and started stroking her arm
very lightly which Janet enjoyed. Margie told us about this girlfriend of hers
who was into girls and she described some sex scenes she said the girl had 
told her about. Susie said seriously that it sounded like Marjorie was a 
participant more than a listener with this girl. She blushed so hard we could 
all tell that it was Margie who had been having sex with this girlfriend. Lou
was still stroking Janet and rubbing her hair when she leaned over and kissed
Janet full on the lips. Janet like to have died. She tried to push Lou off and
then gave in. Susie stood up and said "PartyTime". Lets get with it girls. We
all know what to do or can teach Janet who may not, but can learn".

We decided that Janet should be initiated into the arts of women love. She 
said she was scared but Susie assured her nothing would be done to harm her.
In fact things would only be done to pleasure her. Susie said she would strip
first and then Janet. Once again Susie had a spactular lingerie outfit of
bright orange consisting of a half all lace slip, lacey french cut panties, 
orange garterbelt, white lace top stockings and black patent leather high
heel shoes. She had no bra on. She stripped to her panties, garterbelt, heels
and stockings. She started to undress Janet who started blushing. Susie said 
to blindfold Janet then she could not see what was happening and would not be
embarrassed. Janet was blindfolded and Susie proceeded to strip her. Janet's
white blouse and black skirt were taken off, next her full white lace slip
and she stood there in a black lace girdle with no crotch, a waist cincher
type with flaming red panties, beige stockings and brown high heels. Susie 
slipped Janet's panties off and touched her bush. Janet trembled as if an
electric shock had torn through her. Susie asked Janet if she had ever played
with her own pussy. Embarrassed Janet said yes. Susie told her that after 
tonight she would never be embarassed again in sexual matters. Phyllis 
suggested Janet lie down and Phyllis had a shaving mug and razor and proceeded 
to soap up Jan's pussy hairs. When they were soaked enough, she shaved Jan's
pussy. Jan said she was mortified and was glad she was blindfolded. She washed 
off Jan's pussy and then stuck her tongue in Jan's snatch who immediately 
started screaming. Phyllis asked Jan if she was hurting her, Jan said no, the 
pleasure was unbearable. Louise then sucked one of Jan's tits while I did the
other, Susie was trying to get her tongue up Jan's ass, by then Louise was 
trying to get Margie to lean back in a chair so she could get under her dress
and eat out Margie. What a picture. Jan with three women all over her body and
Louise up under Margie's skirt making slurping noises. Margie's all lace black
panties were on the floor. Phyllis attacked Jan's pussy, while Susie tongue
drilled her ass. I played with both her breasts while french kissing her. Jan
was quivering and shaking and started rubbing her clit furiously while moaning
and groaning. She started wimpering she needed to be fucked, needed a good
long, hard cock and wanted to cum. All of a sudden she let out a long moan, 
said "fuck my throbbing cunt" and came. I sucked, Phyllis and Susie drilled
her cunt and ass with their tongues and then Jan quieted down and came again
and then again. Jan collapsed on the floor. Meanwhile Louise and Margie were 
taking care of Margie. Margie's dress was open at the top, her midnight blue
laced brassiere was pulled down and she was sucking her one tit while playing
with the hard nipple of the other. Louise was between Margie's legs tongue 
lashing Margie's clit and cunt furiously while she had her hand up her own
dress and was furiously rubbing her pussy through her panties. Margie grabbed
Louise by her black hair and pulled her down strongly on her pussy and then 
screamed she was cuming. As she subsided from cuming Louise let out a low 
moan, slipped to the floor on her back, legs apart wildly rubbing the crotch
of her white laced panties. When she stopped her panties were soaking wet.  
 
I had known Margie and Louise from high school days. Margie was about 5'5",
brownish hair, pretty, a good figure but was starting to add a couple extra 
pounds. Louise was 5'7" tall. very slim, cute with a sort of pug nose and 
black hair. She was a women who would stay slim all her life, lucky her.
Louise was going with Chuck and Louise told us about six months after they
met Chuck use to try to grab her breasts. One time while out parking Chuck
slid his hand up Louise's dress, touched her crotch and Louise got passion
hot. She told Chuck not to go inside her panties, thirty seconds later Chuck
did and Louise dropped her load immediately. By the next day they were into 
oral sex. Chuck was going in the service but the night he came home on leave
Louise begged him to fuck her which he did. It was sort of like Cliff and 
myself but ours progressed all in one afternoon, not a period of months. 
Margie was pretty much the same where David finally got in her panties one
night while parking.

THat left three girls unsatisfied but four girls still dressed or half-
dressed. Louise took off her cum soaked white lace panties and waved them 
around in case anyone wanted to sniff them. My sister-in-law did. Susie
sniffed the panties. Louise took off her dress, her white bra and was naked
but for her socks and loafers. Margie removed her dress and her pulled down
bra, her midnight blue half-slip till all she had on was a black garterbelt,
beige stockings and midnight blue pumps. Phyllis was totally bright red under-
neath with a beautiful red lace full slip, a bright red garterbelt, flaming
red crotchless panties, black stockings, and black patent leather shoes. I
then disrobed. I had a kelly green half-slip, kelly green panties of french
lace, a green laced corset with six garter straps, green hose and green high
heeled shoes. Since all the girls had on sexy lingerie except Louise I lend 
her one of my bright yellow garterbelt, panty, stockings and high heel sets.
I know Cliff would have given a million dollars to see this lingerie show
plus find out what Janice wore under her skirt and petticoats.  
 
Phyllis, Susie and myself still had not cum so each of the girls that had, went
down on us. Louise went down on Phyllis, Margie went down on Susie and Janet
went down on me. Louise needed no instruction and bought Phyllis off very 
quickly by finger fucking her pussy till she came. When she started to come 
Louise gave Phyllis's clit a great blow job. Margie then did Susie about the
same way but started with feeling her tits, playing with her pussy and then 
tongue drilling her cunt when she was coming. I then instructed Janet as how
to handle me and learn herself.First we had a long hot wet passionate french
kiss, then she played with my breasts and got my nipples hard as rocks. She
then licked my body whereever it was not covered and then went to my feet. I
had her take my stockinged toes in her mouth and suck my toes. I also went 
through the roof with pleasure. She then tongued my legs and the back of my 
knees through the stockings and went for my pantied pussy. Since the panties 
were tissue thin, I had her licked my pussy through the panties. When they 
were soaking wet I took them off and told her to wear them. She put them on.
She next tongued my pussy while she was playing with her own. She licked the 
lips of my cunt, stuck her tongue inside, sucked on my clit and then I moved 
so her tongue could reach my asshole. She stuck her tongue in my asshole and
I was so fucking hot I climaxed immediately. Janice bought her tongue back to 
my clit and started sucking with great suction on my clit while fingering my 
cunt hole with the finger of her one hand and finger fucking her own cunt with 
the other. I was squirming, screaming, babbling like a baby and almost lost my 
body functions from the whole scene. Janice let out a long, sensous, hot moan 
and collopsed on the floor. We then got dressed and awaited the boys to come 
home from the game. The men arrived, had some coffee and left all except
Herb and naturally Cliff. Incidentally the men were men were where Herb
worked and not any of the girls boyfriends.

Susie asked Herb if he would like Susie to jerk him off in front of the 
girls. he was embarassed. He said he would  if Cliff would join in. I agreed
to jerk Cliff off. Susie told the other girls to lie around with their
dresses up to their waist and give the boys a thrill. Almost simultaniously
they layed back and pulled up their dresses or skirts. When Cliff seen up
Jan's legs, his bulge stood out in his pants. I unzipped his fly and pulled 
out his long, throbbing, hard cock. I only stroked it twice when he shot all
over my hand. This man had had the hots, but good, of course seeing Janice
like that had done it. Herb was a lot more in control and Susie started out
by sitting in a chair in the middle of the room with Herb standing in front of 
her. She unzipped his trousers and let them fall to the floor and then dropped 
his underpants and his cock stood at attention. She stroked it a couple times
then flicked the head of it with her tongue, still flicking, she then engulfed 
the head and slithered her tongue all over the head while at the same time 
playing with Herb's balls while Herb's eyes were all over the room watching 
the lingerie feast of the girls. She then buried her mouth on his cock down to 
the root of it while stroking his balls. When it was good and wet she took it 
out of her mouth and then started to stroke it very lightly, then heavier 
strokes, sliding her hand up and down Herb's cock. You could tell that Herb
was going to pop any second. All eyes were on Susie and Herb's cock except
Clifford who was trying to enjoy the lingerie show before him of all differnt 
color slips, panties, garterbelts and stockings. All of a sudden my brother 
left out a long low moan and shot his load all over Susie's face and then he
collopsed. Susie gathered up the sperm on her face with her fingers and 
swallowed it. Everybody then got dressed and left. I then gave Clifford a long,
slow blow to calm his nerves and teased him about Janice. He said at least he 
knew what was under the skirt now but it was many years before he got to 
sample her goods.





