w
                              Chapter 9

                             The Wedding

At noon Saturday, May _, 19__ we got married. I Had Janice for my brides-
maid and Cliff had his Friend Donald for best man. Janet and Donald had never
met before this occassion but they fell in love with each other and married 8
months later. Janet was a lifelong friend of mine from grade school through 
high school. She was at the party last night but had left early. Found out
later it was to meet Donald. I wore a white gown of Chantilly lace with a 
train seven feet long, a veil and long sleeved white gloves. We held the 
reception at the local Legion Hall afterwards and the Cliff and I went back
to my parents house to change. Janet wanted to assist me but I told her and 
everyone else I could handle it, plus it would give me a chance to get more
aquainted with my husband. They all laughed.

We arrived at the house and I told Clifford I wanted him to take me in my 
wedding gown now. We kissed passionately as soon as we got in the front door.
We headed up the stairs to my room, kissed again and I sat on the edge of the
bed and assisted Cliff in sliding my gown up so that my lingerie was exposed 
to him. Under my gown it was all bright yellow. I had wanted this to be symbol
of the sun shining on our love. I had a bright yellow slip with laced top and 
bottom, a bright yellow strapless lace bra, yellow panties made completely out
of lace, a yellow opera garterbelt trimmed in black with the six suspender
straps in yellow but outlined in black lace, yellow lace top stockings with a
blue garter on one leg for marriage tradition and white high heeled shoes.
Clifford loved my choice in lingerie and as I said before Cliff loved me to
wear sexy lingerie all the time which I did to please him, but also for my own
enjoyment. He put his head under my gown and went straight for my panties. He
put his tongue in the crotch of the panties and just worked it up and down the
crotch. I got boiling hot in the cunt real quick. I told him to stop before I
came off. For our wedding fuck I wanted it to be together. I told him to stand
up and take his cock out of his tuxedo pants. He did and I started to blow 
him. He finally had to stop me and then he went back to take my panties off.
Cliff said the way to a women's pussy is through her panties. I believed him.
Cliff liked to have passed out because I had shaved both my cunt and asshole.
He put his cock up to my pussy and I guided it into my pussy. We started working
up and down in a slow motion and then increasing our speed. We looked into 
each others eyes with love and passion as we both hit the top and came off
together. As per my speciality I licked his cock off, french kissed Cliff, 
put his cock back in my pussy to gather up more juice and go through the same
routine again. After doing this for about seven minute Cliff was hard as a 
rock again and he told me to get on the bed doggie-style but put on my lace
panties first. I got into position and Cliff pulled my panties down from the 
back, stuck his tongue up my ass till it was well lubricated and then stuck
his cock in my hot ass and fucked me while rubbing my clit with his hand. We 
again came together. He pulled my panties up so I could catch his load in my
panties. We then changed and left for the Pocono Mountains in Pennsylvania,
a drive of about three hours but it took us seven hours.

                            Chapter 10

                             The Trip

It took Cliff and myself seven hours to do a three hour trip. We did not have
any car problems. Our problem was we couldn't control ourselves. We started
out and before we got out of town Cliff had his hand between my legs and was
rubbing my crotch. I took off the yellow panties, took out his hard cock and 
started to rub them up and down his cock jerking him off. He pumped a load of
cum into my yellow lace panties which I immediately sucked out of the panties
and swallowed. Since he was driving I did not want any accidents so I fingered 
myself till I came. We must of drove about another 50 miles and Cliff's hand 
was on my leg playing with my garterbelt suspender strap when all of a sudden 
he pulled off the side of the road into a wooded area. He turnrd and french 
kissed me and and ran his hand up to my bald cunt. I had left my panties off.
He fingered my cunt till it was juicy wet while I was stroking his hard prick.
He then had me straddle him in the front seat and he guided his cock into my
steaming cunt. We both worked up and down till the passion mounted and I came
three times to Cliff's once. I cleaned up his cock by licking it and cleaned
up my pussy with the all lace yellow panties. We drove further but Clifford
still had his hand on my thighs trying to finger my snatch. I had my legs as 
far apart as they would go so he could do whatever he wanted. He then again 
stopped and pulled into a wooded area and we got out of the car. He had me 
lean over the hood of the car spread-eagle, face down and he got down on his
knees and stuck his head under my dress. He ran his tongue from the back of my 
knees up to my ass cheeks and into my ass crack. He told me to spread my ass-
cheeks wide, which I did and he stuck his tongue up my ass. The lightning
shocks shot thru me, while blowing and reaming my ass he started rubbing my 
clit and I went screaming over the top . As I came Cliff stuck his finger all
the way up my cunt. I then had Cliff spread-eagle himself on the car and take
down his trousers and shorts. I stuck my tongue up his ass and started playing 
with his balls. I could feel his cock was swollen hard as a rock. While 
reaming and rimming his asshole I played with his balls and stroked his cock.
He said he was coming and I told him to turn around as I wanted his creamey
hot, load in my mouth. He shot his Load and I drank up every drop. Only then we
proceeded to honeymoon hotel where we spent a week of sucking, fucking, ream-
ing, rimming and mastrubration on each other or on ourselves with our mate
watching. When we left my cunt and his cock were so sore we did think we would
never have sex again.

 
                              Chapter 11

                            Our First Visitors

Clifford speaking. We were settled into our apartment for about a week when
Ann informed me that Susie and Herb were coming over to visit. I asked
Ann if she was going to suck Susie's cunt when they showed up. You could 
knocked her over with a feather, she was mortiified that I would say such a 
a thing. I said, tell me it isn't true. She did not know what to say,and then
started crying and sobbing while running into the bedroom. It was then that I
confessed to her I knew all about her and Susie. I could see something in
their eyes when they were together and I had confronted Susie who then told
me what had happened. I told her I was not afraid of her with another
women, only another man. She breathed a sigh of relief and said she was glad
I wasn't disappointed or pissed-off at her.I told her our love was to strong
for that, besides I wanted to see Susie and her go at it. I don't know if Herb
knew anything but knowing my sister she had probably told Herb.

Susie and Herb showed up and we spent an hour or so conversing and talking 
about their wedding plans which would be about six months from now. I got my
sister to the side and asked her if Herb knew about me and her. She said
Herb not only knew, but approved. We went back to the other room and Herb 
asked if he and Susie could use the extra bedroom to do a little fucking. I 
said just a little which got a laugh. They said we could watch if we wanted
so we all adjourned to the bedroom. Herb stripped Susie down one article at
a time, first her flowery violet dress, her lacey dark brown full slip, her
strapless brown bra and her lacy brown panties. She had on her dark brown
lace garterbelt, brown lace top stockings and white high heal patent leather
pumps.She lay on the bed with her legs apart and Herb said " Boy, she looks 
good enough to eat. How about it Ann, my little sister, would you like to 
eat her first before I fuck Her? I think she would like it." Ann realized
that everyone knew about her and Susie and that there were no secrets from any
of us. Anne said why not. I then stripped her down out of her red blouse and 
white skirt under which she was all in powdered blue lingerie. I left on her
crotchless panties, garterbelt, white stockings and light blue pumps. I went 
down on her to get her wet while Herb went down on Susie. After that, the 
girls got down to business. Ann dived for Susie's head and planted a
french kiss in her mouth that had Susie squirming immediately. While kissing
they started playing with each others tits and then ran their respective hands 
down to each others cunts and clits. The whole room was charged with a sexual
atmosphere. Susie slid down and ran her tongue along Ann's snatch and then
Ann did the same for Susie. All of a sudden they got into a head over heels
position or sixty-nine. All you could hear were tongues lapping, two guys
pulling on their own cocks and the picture of the girls buried in each others 
pussy. Ann said to Susie to lie on her back which she did. She then went 
down on Susie like there was no tomorrow. She drilled Susie's pussy with her 
tongue and finger, then stuck her finger up Susie's ass. She asked me how soon
I was to cumming from jerking off and watching this torrid scene. I said I was 
ready to cum. She told me to cum in her mouth while she finger fucked Susie's
ass and clit. I put it in her mouth, she sucked and sucked till there was no 
more to suck out of my cock and I collapsed. Susie screamed she was cuming and 
Ann went down on her cunt and sucked her clit for three minutes straight
while Susie screamed to get fucked, sucked, ass fucked and what have you. She
finally begged for mercy and for Ann to stop. We all applauded Ann for her
fine demonstration. Herb had not come yet so Susie asked him to jerk off and 
shoot all over her which she did. Susie then went down on Ann and bought 
her off with a spectular cunt eating job. Ann said she thought her head 
would collapse from the suction of Susie's mouth on her pussy. We all then got  
dressed, went out for coffee and Herb and Susie stayed the night in the guest 
room. The bedsprings sqeeked all night in there.
 
                               Chapter 12

                        Visitors and more Visitors

Herb and Susie were always over our house and always in the bedroom. We had 
open invitations to watch each other or participate if we wanted or they 
wanted. Plans for their wedding were progressing nicely. Phyllis and Louise,
would stop by occassionly but we never seem to get it together for any sex.  
After a lot of discussion and soul searching Cliff and I decided that if we 
should get into a sex scene one night with the opposite sexes participating
and we should happen to have sex with someone other than our mates or our own 
sex we would just chalk it up to experience and deal with it then. We felt it
then and still do that we are intelligent individuals who love each other to
leave a sexual interlude come between us. We also promised never to have sex
with someone else than our partner without our partners approval. Once again
I state that I could not have sex with my brother Herb or Cliff with his 
sister Susie. We stuck with that rule.

Donald and Janet were also preparing for their wedding and dropped by the 
house one night. They had met through our wedding. Janet was a brunette,
a tall, lean sort of girl with a dark complexion. She had a lot of Mexican
and Spanish blood in her from generations passed and if you did not know her
you would think she was negro at first. Cliff always said she had a million
dollar pair of legs. He said when she wore high heels it was hard-on time for 
all men. Between the shape of her legs and body she was built to fuck and for  
fucking. Kiddingly he said he would like to lick her stockings, garterbelt and 
panties right off her body if it took a hundred years. I said maybe she wore a 
panty girdle instead of a garterbelt. Cliff said he would eat the crotch right 
out of the panty girdle. I knew what she wore but Clifford could find out for 
himself what she wore if the occassion ever rose.

She asked me to be her maid of honor and Donald asked Clifford to be best man.
We both agreed because secretly we were both hoping we would be asked. After
much discussion they left and Cliff and myself turned in for the night.

Next night it was Herb and Susie back. Cliff and myself were beat so when 
they asked us to join them in sex we just watched. Susie put a rim and ream 
loving on Herb's asshole that when he came off he was screaming for joy and I 
mean screaming. That girl could make a bed post knob ejaculate. Susie then 
layed back on the bed and played with her pussy and asshole till she was 
ready to come and Herb went down on her and sucked her clit over the top but
Susie wanted more. Finally Ann relented and went down on Susie and lightly
teasingly tongued and finger rubbed her pussy and clit for twenty minutes or so.
Susie once again went screaming over the top. Susie said the girls wanted to 
get together some night soon for a little female companionship if the boys did
not mind. They had wanted to go to a ball game together anyhow and see the 
home town professional National League Baseball Team.








