Archive-name: Bondage/annabel1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Annabel


Your new lover arrives looking as though he stepped out of the
seventeenth century.  He is dressed in a blue velvet suit with
much lace and silk ruffles.  His shoulderlength blond hair falls
out from under a large blue velvet hat with a long white feather
in it. He even has on white knee stockings and buckled shoes and
he is carrying a goldtipped cane.  He also is wearing a black
mask over his eyes.
 
He stops still when he sees you.  "Enchanting," he says and bows
deeply.  He steps toward you.  "Pretty puss, have you done as I
asked?"  He slips his cane in the folds of your cloak.  You
unfasten the hooks of the cloak and open it.  He gazes at you and
smiles.  You feel your nipples begin to harden.  He licks his
finger and traces the red lines around each one.
 
"Take off your mask," he says.  When you do so he smiles again.
"Ah, clever puss!" he says.  He takes a mask from his pocket and
puts it on you.  It has no eyeholes but pads instead.  He takes
your hand and leads you out into the street.  You wonder if your
unfastened cloak might fall open and feel a tingle of excitement.
 
"Step up," he says as you reach the curb and you realize you are
entering a carriage.  What else, you think.  Tonight will be a
real adventure.
 
You have always known that the blind have their other senses
heightened.  You are surprised by how much this is the case with
you so soon.  You hear each sound quite clearly and distinctly:
the horses hooves, the creaks of the carriage, people talking,
insects buzzing.  As the sun goes down you sense the expansion of
space as sounds seem to carry farther.  You know exactly where
your lover is on the seat across from you.  Is that by his body
heat?  Or maybe the reflection of sounds?  Or some sixth sense?
Your hands press against the cool yielding strength of the
leather seat as your body enjoys the warm caress of the long
cloak.
 
Now you realize that the street sounds are gone.  "We are leaving
the city," you say.
 
"Yes," he replies.  "I have invited a few friends to my estate
for an," he pauses, "intimate gathering."
 
He comes and sits beside you and cradles you in his arms.  You
turn your head to kiss him but he places a finger on your cheek.
"No, pretty puss, we must not mar your artful face."  He draws
your cloak apart and begins to caress your thighs very lightly.
You relax and let yourself open to his hand.  He begins to trace
small circles and designs on your tummy.  He tests your wetness.
 
"So quick!" he says.  He probes you deeply, gently but with a
strength which will not be denied.  Your face goes lax and your
mouth opens slightly.  You sigh.
 
You reach out and feel his hardness through his velvet crotch. He
removes your hand, kisses it, and whispers, "Later you will feel
it."  He returns his attention to your thighs and sex.  You don't
know what to do with your hands.  He will not allow you to do
anything.  You rest them on the leather seat.  He makes a game of
seeing how far down your thighs he can draw your wetness.  By now
your knees are far apart.  You feel warm and flushed and enjoy
the coolness on your legs as your fluids evaporate.


Since you must be passive you sink down into the leather and his
arms and allow yourself to drift into a dreamlike reverie.  You
are vaguely aware that he is toying with you, increasing your
arousal, then letting it subside.  Your body feels warm and
heavy.  It seems like every peak is a little higher than the one
before.  You wish he would increase the tempo but at the same
time it doesn't matter.  What a whore I am! you think, here in
the middle of nowhere with my legs spread wide enough to take in
an army.  Your throat feels dry.
 
"Enter me," you say in a hoarse whisper.
 
The carriage slows and turns.  "We are here," he announces.  He
bends you forward and fastens a wide leather collar around your
neck.
 
He fastens your cloak and leads you into the mansion.  You feel
a little dizzy and disoriented.
 
"Your guests have arrived, sir."
 
"Thank you Mathilde. No, she will keep her cloak on for now."
 
He leads you into a large room.  "Hello, Johnny!" several voices
call out.  "Hi, Johnny," a short man's voice says nearby.
 
"Your  friend  is  quite lovely, and such a becoming flush!  You
will introduce us later."
 
"Of course, Count," he replies.  They begin to chat.  You hold
onto your lover's arm and begin to wonder how much you can tell
about the room and the guests.  There is a feeling  of space in
the room and you can identify one other group of guests talking.
 
It seems to be two men, one quite young, and a woman with a
gravelly voice.
 
Your lover turns slightly.  "Thank you, Mathilde.  Everyone,
dinner is ready.  If you will please take your seats."  He leads
you to a chair and says, "Mathilde will feed you."
 
By now you are feeling left out of things.  You reach out and
find your lover's hand.  "Can't I take this off now?"  you ask.
 
"Be patient, my dear, all in good time."
 
"But...."
 
He places a finger over your lips.  "Wait until I introduce you,"
he says.
 
Next you feel a spoon at your mouth.  "Open up," says a strange
female voice on your right.  Mathilde.  She has an accent.
 
"Are you from the West Indies?" you ask her.
 
Soup spills on your chin.  She wipes it off and returns the spoon
to your lips.
 
You open your mouth and take the soup.  Again you do not know
what to do with your hands.  You put your left hand on your
lover's knee.  He squeezes it and places it in your lap.  A
distressing feeling of helplessness comes over you.  You feel
like tearing away from the table and running away, but where
would you go?  Johnny is talking with someone else.  You wonder
if you are going to cry.
 
Mathilde pats your forearm.  "It's all right, dear.  Don't
worry.  Here is a nice big shrimp. Open up."  You take the
shrimp and begin to chew.  You start to feel better.  Johnny
squeezes your left hand.  Then he caresses your cheek.

You calm down and eat dinner.  You notice that there are five
people talking, but that they are spaced out around the table.
The scrape of utensils on the plates sometimes comes between the
speakers.  There are four more silent people at the table!  Are
they all blindfolded like me?  you ask yourself.
Johnny stands.  "Before dessert allow me to introduce our guest
of honor."  He takes your hand.  "Please stand, my dear."  Polite
applause around the table.
"Come with me."  He leads you to the center of the room.  He
unhooks the front of your cloak.  You begin to feel quite giddy.
He grasps your wrists firmly  and  deliberately raises them high
above your head.  The front of the cloak opens.  A murmur of
appreciation fills the room.  For a moment you imagine an
auditorium  of people admiring your naked form.  You flush.  Your
lover  has let go of your wrists but your arms stay raised.   You
cannot move, but you wouldn't if you could.  You feel helpless
and wanton at the same time.
He reaches behind you and pulls the cloak more open on the left
side, fully revealing your breast.  More murmurs.  "Perfect,"
someone says.  He begins to tease the nipple, to pull it and
twist it.  It hardens.  Then he does the same with your right
breast.  People are talking, someone chuckles. Your lover cups
your mound and kisses you.  Applause.
"It would please me if you would stay as you are for a while,"
he says.  "Do you consent?"
You manage to nod your head.
You nod again.
"Say it.  Do you consent?"
You lick your lips and swallow.  "Yes," you whisper.
He fastens two wide leather cuffs to your upraised wrists. They
seem to be connected by a chain which he fastens to something
hanging from the ceiling.  You are pulled upwards until your
heels leave the ground, then let back down until some of your
weight is on your feet.
"Please. Come and inspect her perfect beauty."
How did this happen? you ask yourself.  Here I am dangling
blindfolded from the ceiling in a strange house before a bunch of
strangers who are about to inspect my body!  My mother didn't
raise me for this. The funny thing is, I don't feel helpless now,
I don't even feel afraid.  Well, just a little.  What I feel is
excitement!  What a whore I am!
You feel the presence of people around you.  The Count says,
"Look at those beautifully formed breasts.  How prettily they jut
out when she hangs." Someone weighs your right breast in his
hand. Another hand strokes the outside of your left thigh.  Hands
begin to rub your whole body.
"Let me look at this cunt," says the woman with the gravelly
voice.  Two thumbs pull your lips apart to reveal your clitoris,
then her right thumb probes inside you. "She's very wet, Johnny."
Laughter. Your head is ringing.
Someone lifts your robe behind and begins to stroke your
buttocks.  He explores your crack and presses his finger against
your anus.  "Oh Johnny, you must let me have her ass!"  He
presses harder but your sphincter is dry and it hurts a little.
"No," you murmur.  He pushes in.  No.  You shake your head.  No.
He moves his finger in circles inside your ass while other
fingers play with your nipples and stroke your clit and cunt.  A
tongue licks your stomach.  Please, no.  I don't want to come,
don't let me enjoy this. No.
"Wait, my friends.  You may inspect her, nothing more."  The
hands stop caressing you.  The finger remains inside your ass.
"I wonder how many fingers she will take," says the man behind
you. He reaches around with his free hand and inserts three
fingers inside your vagina.
"Ooh, I bet I can get my whole hand in!" says the woman.  As they
slide their fingers in and out of you you become dizzier and
dizzier and let more of your weight hang from your wrists.
The woman, you can tell her by her nails, tries to insert her
finger into your mouth.  I'm not a horse, you say to yourself,
and clench your teeth.  She pinches your nostrils shut.  You hold
your breath until you feel like you will pass out.  Tears come to
your eyes.  Then you have to gasp. She keeps her grip on your
nose and pulls your jaw open.  You no longer resist.
Suddenly all the hands are pulled away.  You dangle exhausted.
Then different hands slowly stroke your cheek and hair.  They
pull your chin up and someone tenderly kisses you.  Your lover!
He licks your lips and then runs his tongue along your teeth. You
open your mouth to suck him in.  You move your body towards his.
He continues to kiss you deeply while his hands brush your
hardened nipples.  A moan fills your throat from deep in
your chest.  He reaches down and presses and strokes around your
clitoris. You are vaguely aware of your body as it begins to jerk
and sway.

"Come, my friends.  Mathilde, prepare our guest and bring her to
us."
You are left alone in the room.  You slump exhausted in your
bonds.  You are content to hang there and rest.  Content.  Funny
that I should feel content, you think, but I do.
Mathilde comes and takes you down.  She removes your cloak, shoes
and stockings and wipes your body with a cool wet washcloth.  She
refastens your wrists behind you and presses a large rubber ball
gag into your mouth.  You are past resisting.  She ties the gag
behind your head, forcing it a little deeper into your mouth. She
fastens a leash to your collar and leads you down a hallway. She
stops and then removes your blindfold.  You blink, your eyes
quickly adjusting to the dark hallway.  You are standing before a
large wooden door.
Mathilde, you now see, is a short Black woman of about sixty with
her hair pulled tightly back on her head.  She opens the door and
leads you by the leash down a dark winding stone stairway.  You
feel awkward with your hands behind you and try not to stumble.
Mathilde keeps a steady pressure on the leash but does not hurry
you too much.  Down into the dungeon, you think.  Corny but true.
You stop before a massive wooden door with a heavy circle of iron
for a handle.  Mathilde slowly pulls it open and leads you
inside. Instead of a dungeon you see a large sitting room dimly
lit by torches on the stone walls. A carpet covers the floor
except for a ten by ten area in front of the fireplace, which has
a small fire in it even though it is summer.  The room is cool
from being underground.  You see four people seated in chairs on
the perimeter of the open area in front of the fire.  Someone is
kneeling beside each of the chairs, except one, to which Mathilde
leads you. Without being told you kneel beside it while she hands
the leash to your lover.  He takes it without looking at you.
He is watching the spectacle before the fireplace.  A tall skinny
young man with dark features a large nose and a prominent adam's
apple is standing beside a large wooden X cross.  Strapped to the
cross upside down is a young small breasted woman.  You cannot
see her face as it is encased in a leather or rubber mask.  Her
pussy has been shaved.  You can make out red stripes across her
stomach and breasts where she has been whipped or caned.  He
reaches out and slaps her crotch.  A low moan escapes from the
mask.  "This always makes her hot," he says.  He probes her
vagina and she moans again. "Would anyone care to inspect her?"
A figure rises.  It is a tall redhaired woman of about fortyfive
or fifty, dressed in a mans suit.  You watch with fascination as
she examines the stripes, handles the girl's breasts, and feels
inside her pussy.  That could be me, you think.  Fear stabs your
breast.  That will be me, someday!  You become aware of your
bonds, of the leather collar and cuffs, the leash, the gag.  You
shake your head.  No one notices.  Your lover watches the scene
before him raptly.  You hang your head.  What have I gotten
myself in for? you think.  How did this happen?
Some time passes before a loud pop makes you look up.  The skinny
kid has opened a bottle of champagne.  He reaches into the girl's
pussy and extracts two ice cubes.  Holding her twat open with one
hand he pours champagne into it.  It froths and runs down her
belly.  The redhaired woman greedily fastens her lips over the
girls crotch and laps up the liquid; she licks it off the girls
belly and breasts, then looks at the kid expectantly.  The young
man looks at your lover, who rises and goes to the girl as the
woman returns to her chair.  The young man takes two more ice
cubes out of the girls vagina and pours in more champagne.
You prefer not to watch your lover put his mouth to another
womans pussy and look to your left.  A short balding man with
dark hair and a black moustache, probably the count, is sitting
in the next easy chair.  Kneeling beside him is another woman
with her head encased in a mask.  Her arms have been secured
behind her in some kind of sheath.  A rope tied to a ring at
the end of the sheath lifts her arms up toward the ceiling and
forces her head forward and down.  The strain must be terrific,
you think, and notice the strain in your jaws from the ball gag.
You clench your teeth against the ball for relief.
You feel a tug on your leash and stand up.  Your lover removes
your gag and you work your jaws reflexively.  He caresses your
face and looks at you lovingly.  So like a little boy, you think.
"You may go if you wish," he says.
"What will happen to me if I stay?"
"Nothing you do not consent to."
"And the other," you cannot say slaves, "the others?"
"Nothing they do not consent to.  Will you stay?"
"I'm thirsty," you reply.
He leads you by your leash to a table with a candelabra in the
center and on which have been laid cheeses, bread, caviar, and
various wines.  "What goes well with rubber?" you ask.
 
He laughs and kisses you.  "Oh, pretty puss, you are so lovely!"
He pours you a glass of rose and lets you sip it.  You become
aware of your hands cuffed behind you.  You sip some more wine.
You rub your body against his velvet suit and nuzzle his ear.
You feel your nipples harden.  You whisper, "Take me to the
bedroom and undo me.  I know how to please you."  You twist so
you can tug his coat with your hands.
He laughs again.  "A tempting offer.  Do you want more wine?"
You look at him.
He grins.  "Very tempting.  Later, perhaps.  But you can please
me now. Kneel.  Kneel or I shall have you whipped."
His tone startles you.  You kneel before him and look down.
Presently you feel a tug on your leash and look up to see his
manhood limp before your eyes. He grabs your hair and pulls your
face into his crotch.  He slaps your buttocks with the end of the
leash.
You take him into your mouth and feel him begin to grow. You feel
awkward without the use of your hands.  He strokes your hair and
slaps your behind again with the leash.  It stings, nothing more.
No, that's not so.  You begin to feel a warmth in your pussy and
somehow it seems connected with the slaps.  His rod is almost
hard now and you pull your head back until just the glans is
inside your mouth.  You begin to circle it with your tongue and
he slaps you again.  A shock wave travels through you to your
cunt and it contracts.  He slips out of your mouth.
"Pay attention cunt!"  He rams himself back into your open mouth
as he brings the leash across your buttocks again.  This time it
hurts.  But you still feel it in your cunt, which contracts
again.
He takes your head with both hands and fucks your face furiously.
You begin to feel dizzy and your eyes start to tear.  He slows
down and releases your hair.  You alternate sucking with flicking
your tongue from side to side.  He rests his hands lightly on
your shoulders.
Your cunt still tingles and you wish he would slap you again.
You take him in as far as you can and nip him with your teeth as
you pull your head back.  He digs his fingers into your shoulders
as you circle the glans with your tongue again.  You suck hard
and slip your mouth down his shaft.
"Oh Jesus!"  He starts jerking back and forth and his hot sperm
shoots into your throat.  You feel a tingling in your nipples and
a warmth in your cunt.  It is too much for you to swallow and
some of it dribbles from your mouth.  You pull your head back and
he shoots into your hair.  You swallow again and lick him clean.
He strokes your hair gently.
He looks down at you and grins contentedly.  You lick your lips
and smile.  He lifts you to your feet and strokes your face.  You
gaze into each other's eyes.  He kisses you lightly, turns you
around and unfastens your cuffs from each other.   He pulls you
back against him and whispers into your ear, "I need you so
much."
Again a feeling of contentment fills you.  You gaze with
detachment at the scene before the fireplace.  A woman with long
dark hair has been suspended by her waist so that she is
horizontal, face down; her arms and legs have been stretched wide
to the side.  Something, weights?, hang from her large breasts.
A man is standing between her legs and is unfastening his fly.
"I must see to my guests," your lover says, and leaves you.

A short time later Mathilde comes and refastens your cuffs behind
your back and reinserts the large ball gag in your mouth. She also
blindfolds you and then clips a leash on your collar and jerking
you to your feet leads you away from the crowd up a long narrow
staircase, taking care not to hurry so much that you would
stumble yet not so slowly as to allow you time to struggle.
She leads you down a hallway and stops before a large ornate
inlaid wooden door with a brass knocker on it. She lifts the
knocker and lets it drop several times. The door opens and
Mathilde leads you in to the room. You still have your blindfold
on and cannot see where you are, although you can feel some heat,
from a fireplace ?. She forces you to kneel down and shortening
your leash attaches it to a ring set in the floor so that you
cannot raise your head more than a few inches off the ground.
You then feel her hands? behind you on your buttocks spreading them
and then you jerk reflexively in pain as she inserts in your anus
a 3" long wooden butt plug with a short loop on it.
She then fastens a wide strap around your waist, with a buckle
hanging from the front, taking care to make sure the buckle is
in front, it also has a narrow strap hanging down in the rear.
You then feel her spread the lips of your cunt wide apart as she
inserts in your vagina a very long, wide, ribbed dildo with a loop
on it just like the butt plug in your rectum. That done she checks
that both plugs are fully inserted to their ends in you, she draws
the rear strap from the belt between the cheeks of your ass and
threads it through the loop on your butt plug and the loop on the
dildo in your cunt and threading its end thru the buckle hanging from
the belt she draws the strap very tight and buckles it securely in front.
You are now very tightly secured and filled to your limits, with
both butt and cunt plugs and your ass cheeks are clearly divided
by the tight strap which goes between them and the loops on the plugs.

She then release the tension on your leash so you can raise your head
although she does not fully release it and slips over your head a
large leather leather discipline helmet with cutouts only for the
nose. She zips this tight over your head and buckles it tight around
your collar securing its strap with loop to your collar with a tiny
padlock which you can hear click lock shut as she close and locks it.

You then feel her take your leash and drawing it thru the loop on top
of the helmet tightly force your head down towards the floor several
inches lower than before and she ties it to the ring again. The helmet is
also equipped with earplugs so now you cannot only not see or move
but you also cannot hear. You settle back as best you can and await
what fate has in store for you.

Presently you feel hands releasing your leash so you can raise your head
but then you feel straps going behind your knees and down on your calves
and being buckled so that you are forced to remain kneeling with
your hands still fastened behind you. Someone undoes the flaps for your
ears on your helmet and removes the earplugs so that you can hear.

"I have decided to train you, my lovely Annabell, to be a pony girl
a very special pony girl. But before that happens you need some more
preparation and training."

"Your nipples will need to be pierced as well as possibly your cunt lips"
"I am debating where to put my brand on you, perhaps your inside thigh ?
or maybe your sweet ass ?"  "In any event it really doesn't matter where
since you will be branded." "Your training will start tomorrow and
you will be instructed by the Countess , who has a lot of experience
in these matters. I'm sure you and she will get along very well together."

With that he replaces the earplugs and refastens your ear flaps, so that
you once again cannot hear, see or speak. He then rings for Mathilde,
and instructs her to prepare you for shipment to the Countess
estate, where you will start your training. Mathilde , takes your leash and
jerking it leads you out of the room, down a long winding narrow staircase
to a loading dock in the rear of the house, where 2 men are awaiting your
arrival.  They very quickly take you and put you in a crate where they tightly
strap you down in a kneeling position and then nail the lid shut. You can feel
the crate being lifted and into the back of the van.

After a journey of what seems like hours, you finally arrive. Someone,
you don't know who, removes the lid of the crate and lifts you out and forces
you to kneel. Your discipline helmet is removed as are your knee straps, but
not your other gags, cuffs or blindfold. A pair of metal ankle cuffs are
fastened to your feet and a leash is fastened to your collar and you are
rudely jerked to your feet and pulled along, hobbling down a long narrow
hallway stopping before a pair of double doors. The doors open and you are
led inside and forced to your knees. "Ah, Annabell, your master told me to
expect you, stand so I may inspect you." As you struggle to your feet and
stand there awaiting her inspection, you feel your self growing wet, and
your nipples start to harden. She removes your blindfold and as your eyes
become accoustemed to the light, you see she is holding a short wicked
looking riding crop. She faces you and lightly traces the outline of your
nipples with tip of the crop. Then trailing her nails down your soft
stomach she lightly parts your nether lips and as you jerk in shock
inserts three fingers to the knuckles in you. She then turns you around
and forcing you to bend over, she removes your butt plug and inserts
her finger to its limit up your rectum as well. "Very tight still in both
places I see, and very wet too !" Suddenly you feel a sharp hot pain across
your ass cheeks as she hits you with the short crop as hard as she can.
A weal starts to form almost immediately as you struggle to contain
your moan of pain. "Very good.! You can stand some pain, that should make
training you easier." She makes you face her again and she takes both your
nipples in her fingers and pinches and twists them both, while you moan
and writhe in pain, all the while she is closely watching your face.
Releasing your nipples, she then orders you to kneel with your forehead
touching the floor and not to move. Seeing resistance is futile you
do as she asks and kneel with your head to the floor in front of her
feet. She then summons to stable lads and says " We have a new pony
girl to train lads, her name is Annabell, take her away to the stable
and prepare her, she's all yours for right now." Taking your leash and
jerking you roughly to your feet you are led out of the room by the two
stable lads. They take you to the stable where you are put into a stall
and your ankle fetters are removed, they then remove the waist strap
and forcing you to bend over they remove the dildo from your cunt , which
while being removed makes a slight popping sound as it finally comes
free of your vagina. Your wrist cuffs are refastened so that your arms
are bound wrist to elbow behind you then your upper arms are strapped
to your body just below your tits so that you cannot move any portion
of your upper body. Your full breasts swing freely.
One of the stable lads runs his fingers lightly over your pussy hair and
as he inserts a couple of fingers in you he says "This will have to go
and right now,  but we're saving the best for last."
He then fastens the end of your leash to a ring on the wall of the stable
and leaves closing the gate behind him. He returns shortly with another
stable lad and they enter your stall. You see one is carrying a bucket
filled with water and he is holding in his other hand a straight razor.
They proceed to unfasten your leash and make you lie down on your back on
the straw covering the floor of the stall. They then lather your cunt hair
with soap and warning you not to move , shave you until there is not a
trace of your golden blonde pubic hair remaining. He then takes a towel
and dries you off. Jerking you to your feet one of them removes your
ball gag and taking down from a peg in the wall a collection of straps
proceeds to put a bit in your mouth which fastens over your head, under
your chin and along your cheeks and he buckles this very tightly behind
your head. You cannot talk much less hardly move your tounge, about
all you can do is whinny in some protest as they proceed to attach
reins to the bridle. Then forcing you to bend over with your legs wide
apart and spreading your cheeks you jerk in pain as one of them inserts
in your rectum a long,long butt plug terminating in some colorful feather
plummage. This plug has a retaining ring, so you could not force it
out even if you wanted to. You now have a horse's tail!  Tears stream
down your cheeks as you experience this humiliation, but you finally
realize that there is more yet to come.

"Taking ahold of your reins, they lead you past the gate of the stall
and down a short walkway towards another door. As you near the door
you feel the heat coming from inside. You are led inside and realize that
this is the blacksmiths shop. He is working on some horseshoes and is
hammering them into shape on an anvil. He looks up and see you and the
two stable lads and says "Another for piercing eh? Well fasten her over
there.." Indicating a short post arising from a pedestal set in the floor.
They fasten you to it very tightly. Your back is against it and straps
run from in front across your stomach around the post and down to your
ankles. You can't move an inch. The blacksmith comes over to you and
looking at you grabs your right breast in his hand and squeezes it very hard
and then he grasps your nipple with the thumb and forefinger of his other
hand pulls your nipple tightly  and painfully. He then releases your tit
and goes over to the forge and returns with two long thin needle like
rods. He graps your breast again in one hand and squeezing so that his
thumb and forefinger pinch your nipple at its base proceeds to attach a
clamp very tightly to it. He then pulls your nipple foward painfully
stretching it and quickly picking up one of the long needle like rods
pierces your nipple with the rod clean through. You nearly faint with
the pain and moan and struggle in your bonds. But you are so perfectly
held you cannot move even in the slightest. He does the same to your other
nipple and then before the holes have a chance to stop hurting inserts
thru each a shiny steel ring about 3" in diameter. By the time he finishes
closing each ring thru your nipples your are moaning and writhing in pain
and tears run down your face on your cheeks, as you finally realize that
there are still more humiliations to come.!


  The blacksmith says to one of the stable lads "Where did the Countess
say to put the brand on her ?" One of the stable lads say "She said to put
it on her left upper hip." "Ok." says the blacksmith. He goes to the forge
and inserts a branding iron into the coals and working the bellows so the
fire becomes more intense waits till the iron is fully heated. He picks it
up and coming over to you and holding your left ass cheek in one hand
very tightly, and holding the iron in his other hand, puts the iron against
your upper left hip , you jerk and writhe and cry out. You've never felt such
pain before this! Tears come to your eyes and you start to moan and sob
uncontrollably. You finally realize the iron is no longer being pressed
against your hip and you look down and see that you now have a small brand
on left hip. It is very like a small cursive gothic K.


The stable lads then release you from the post and you almost collapse
at their feet weakly. Jerking you roughly to your feet and pulling
very tightly on your leash they lead you back down between the stalls
and coming to your stall open the gate and pull you inside. They fasten
your leash to a ring in the wall of the stall and shortening it so that you
are forced to remain standing tie it securely. One of them comes over to
you and running his fingers over your brand says "You're not going to
any trouble training are you ?" He then pulls quite roughly on your nipple
rings at the same time causing you to jerk in pain. He then inserts a
finger in your vagina and remarks to the other stable lad "Didn't I
tell you she'd be wet down there after the blacksmith got thru with her?"
You realize for the first time, through all the pain and humiliations
that you ARE WET down there and you are growing more and more excited!
With that patting you lightly on your pussy they leave your stall closing
the gate behind them and you hear the click sound of a padlock being
closed. By now it quite late in the afternoon and you are very tired
from all your ordeals. You settle your shoulder against the wall of
the stall and try to get some needed rest.

--
