
                           The Tribulation of Anne
                           =======================

                                By The Writer

Anne was idly going thru her mail one day when she came across what looked to
be another junk mail brochurer.  But because it was flashy, she glanced thru
it. She was at once shocked and horrified.  The brochure was from a contact
group calling itself "The Dark Side", and offered many items that seemed to be
devised for either restraining someone or causing sexual pain.  Without
another thought, she threw it in a pile with other papers to be thrown out
later.  She didn't have much time as she needed to get ready for her date in a
half hour.

As she brushed and combed her long reddish hair, she thought of Dave.  He was
the exciting man she had met a few weeks ago.  They had met while waiting for
the subway and had just started talking.  He seemed so nice, and gentlemanly.
But try as she could, he remained a mystery to her.  Every time she tried to
learn more about him, he subtlety changed the subject.  Why, she didn't even
know where he lived or where he worked.  Since they had been dating for the
last week, Anne was sure that tonight would end up with sex and she was
looking forward to it.  She was no virgin, but somehow all her previous lovers
had seemed to lack that something special.  She always enjoyed sex, but never
really could cum.  Maybe tonight would be different.  She hoped so!  Anne had
just finished dressing when the doorbell rang and Dave was there.  They left
quickly for dinner and a pleasant evening.
 
The clock was showing 1 AM when they returned to her apartment and she asked
Dave in.  As they sat on her couch she did everything but attack him and still
he did not respond to her.  By 2 o'clock, Dave had left and she was upset and
still horny.  As she got undressed, her eye fell on the brochure and this time
instead of being shocked, she was just a bit turned on.  Taking the brochure
to bed with her, she started to read it.  As she looked at the pictures, she
could feel her cunt getting wet.  The pictures showed women in all manner of
strange attires.  All of them tho were tied, cuffed, or otherwise restrained.
As she fell asleep, she decided to call the number tomorrow and just sort of
see what was going on with this group.

The following morning, Anne once again leafed thru the brochure and again
started to get wet.  Deciding not to put it off, she called the number.  It
rang a couple of times and was answered by a womans voice.  Anne identified
herself and mentioned the brochure.  The woman was a bit startled that Anne
had the brochure but was not a member as the brochure was for members only.
Anne asked a lot of questions, but most were answered only with, "You must
come in for a personal interview for that information." Finally, Anne asked
for the address and said she would drop by that afternoon.
 
It was nearing 6 PM when Anne entered the address she had been given.  Since
it was saturday, she expected the place to be closed and halfway hoped it
would be.  But it was open and well lit.  The building was a large warehouse
type and looked a bit foreboding.  In the office, she mentioned she had called
and was directed to an inner office.  Entering, she was surprised to see Dave
sitting at a desk.  He motioned her to a seat and she quickly took it.  After
a couple of minutes of chit chat, Dave asked her what she was doing there.
 
"Well, I saw the your brochure and was.......well....interested."
 
"Do you know what it is like to be in one of these devices?"
 
"No." Anne replied.  "But I would like to see them being used."
 
"I am very sorry, but watching is forbidden.  You can only experience them
here, and then purchase any of them you like afterwards."
 
"Are you the one that would show them to me?" She asked.
 
"Normally not, but since we are friends, I would be happy to lead you thru
them.  BUt if you do want that, I am afraid that there is a formality first."
Dave then reached in the drawer and handed her a form to sign.  Anne looked at
it, and it seemed to be a release from any damages or injuries.

"Why this?" She asked.  "Is it dangerous?"
 
"Not really, but there is always a chance of you falling over something or
other.  This just allows me to take you into the main areas and show you the
equipment.  Without it, you may not enter."
 
Since Dave had always been a gentleman, Anne had no fears and signed quickly.
Dave came around the desk, and took her by hand and escorted her thru the
outer office and down a short corridor.  At the end, he unlocked a door, and
ushered her inside.  The room was pretty much bare except for a closet against
the wall.  Dave told her that she would find some things to wear in the closet
and she was to get dressed in them and to leave her clothes there.  The things
were to help her get into the spirit of the place.  After saying that, He left
thru another door.
 
Anne opened the closet and saw a number of things hanging there.  What looked
to be a bikini swimming suit, only there were fasteners on the sides.  "What
the hell." Anne thought and slipped out of her clothes and into the bikini.
There was also a wide leather belt that has steel 'D' rings sewn into it and a
buckle that had a hasp in the center.  With a shrug, she wrapped it around her
waist and buckled it on.  There were also four leather belts there.  These
belts tho were too small for a waist tho.  They looked as if the would only
fit around someones wrist or ankles.She left them hanging on the hooks.
Lastly, there was what looked to be a fancy leather collar.  She tried it on,
and it felt snug around her throat.  There was a mirror on the wall and as she
looked at herself in it, she thought that she really looked sexy!
 
She had just moved away from the mirror when the door opened and Dave came in.
He had changed to a costume also.  His tho consisted of a tight pair of
shorts, a thin belt, and he was carrying what looked to be a leash.  As he
came near, he saw that she hadn't put on the cuffs for her wrists and ankles.
He took them from the closet and making a few jokes, he put them on her wrists
and ankles.  At first Anne was a bit frightened, but Dave's manner made it all
seem like a party and kind of fun.  After the cuffs were on, Anne asked him
just what they were for.
 
"Here.  Let me show you." He answered.  He took one of her wrists and moved it
to the side of her waist where there was one of the 'D' rings.  There was a
little click, and the cuff was snapped onto the 'D' ring.  He then did the
same to the other wrist.  Anne tugged at them a little but found that she
couldn't get them off.  As she tugged at them, Dave's hand crept up her waist
and cupped her breast.  She looked into his eyes and saw that he was smiling.
"Well." She thought.  "This isn't so bad.  He is finally responding to me and
it is kind of sensual to be unable to do anything." After caressing her
breasts a bit, Dave hooked the leash to her collar and started to lead her
away.  Anne pulled back. She didn't like the idea of being led that way.
 
"Stop this!" She said.  "Unhook my wrists.  I am not a slave to be led by a
leash!"
 
"Ahhhh but you are sweet Anne." Dave told her.  "You are my sex slave until I
decide to free you.  You will do anything and everything I want or you will be
disciplined."
 
"Like hell I will!  This started as fun, but now I am not so sure.  Release me
this instant!  Or you'll have cops coming out of your ears when I scream the
place down!" Anne threatened.
 
"Scream all you want.  No one will hear you.  This place is completely
soundproofed.  And you will do my bidding.  Besides, that form you signed
included a statement to the effect that you enjoyed and were experienced in a
master slave relationship, and entered here of your own free will!  You should
learn to read what you sign!" With that, he pulled on the leash until Anne had
no choice but to follow him.  He led her thru the door and down another
hallway and into a dimly lit room.  Once there, he made her stand in front of
a set of medieval stocks.  He forced her head down onto the middle of them,
and brought a wooden beam down on top.  Her head was securely held in place.
Then one wrist at a time was done the same way.  Anne was trapped.  She was
bent at the waist until her back was parallel to the floor.  Dave then
fastened one ankle to a bolt.  The spreading her legs very wide, he fastened
the other ankle the same way.  Anne felt very venerable the way she was
positioned.  Dave reached out and undid the snaps holding her bikini bottoms
together and they slipped off!  Another snap and her top was off.  She could
feel her breasts hanging down and the cool air on them.  Dave reached in and
fondled her breasts and nipples. Anne tried to stop hi, but she was held fast.
Dave's had continued across her belly and down to her cunt!  She felt him
rubbing around her mound and then a finger on her clit!
 
She was sure that she had gotten a bit wet, and then knew it as one of Daves
fingers slipped into her pussy!  He stroked it in and out of her a few times
and then had two fingers in her!  Although Anne liked the feelings of his
fingers in her cunt, she didn't like being treated as a slave with no say in
anything.  She then felt Daves thumb resting on her puckered asshole.  She
clenched her ass and screamed at him!
 
"NO!!!  NOT THERE!  NO ONE SHOULD BE TOUCHED THERE!!!  STOP IT!!!"
 
As Daves thumb moved away, he said..."OK, for now we'll leave it alone, but
not for too long!"
 
Dave moved around in front of her and dropped his shorts.  His hard cock was
released and jutted out in Annes face.  The head of his dick bumped against
her lips and she turned her head away.
 
"Suck it Anne!  Suck it very well and you will be rewarded.
Otherwise............"
 
"Fuck off asshole!" She yelled at him.  "I'll never suck your cock!"
 
Dave moved around her until he was next to her side.  He ran his hand across
her ass cheeks and told her...  "Anytime you feel like sucking my cock, and
drinking my cum, you just say so."
 
"NEVER!  You asshole!  NEVER!" She screamed.
 
Anne then heard a swishing sound and suddenly a bolt of pain shot thru her
ass!
 
"AAAAAIIIIIIIEEEEEEEE!!" she screamed!  Dave had lashed out with a leather
whip onto her creamy ass!
 
Another stroke!  "IIIIIIEIEEEEEEEEEE".  And another.
"YYYIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!" Anne had never felt such pain before.  Her ass
felt as if it were on fire. Again came the swishing noise and again the whip
stroked her ass.
 
"IIIIIEEEEEEEEIIIEIEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!" She screamed and screamed!  After two
more strokes she knew she couldn't stand any more.  "OK!!!  OK!!  I'll suck
you!!!  STOP!  I'll suck you!!!"
 
Dave moved in front of her and she could see the whip he had used on her.  It
was a short thing, but had many separate ends.  His cock was bumping against
her face and she opened her mouth and let it slip in a little.  When she
didn't start sucking right away, Dave leaned over a bit and she heard the
swishing again!
 
"MMMMMPPHPHPHPHHHGGGGGG" She tried to scream around his cock.  This strike was
even worse!  One lash had hit between her ass cheeks and slammed into her
puckered asshole!  Quickly she started to suck on the cock in her mouth.  She
ran her tongue around and around it.  As she sucked hard on it, she heard
herself making slurping noises.  Dave leaned towards her and more of his cock
slid into her mouth.  Deeper and deeper his prick went in, until her mouth was
filled with his cock!  Then he started to draw it out.  when only the head was
between her lips, he started in again.  Long slow strokes.  Deep into her
mouth and then out until only the head was being held by her puckered lips.
Anne suddenly realized that her pussy was wet!  NO, not just wet, but almost
dripping wet!  "What's the matter with me?" She wondered.  "I am getting
really turned on by all this.
 
She felt Daves hands on her head and this time when he pushed deep into her,
he kept pushing!  She could feel the head of his cock against the back of her
throat!  Still he pushed firmly!  Without thinking, she swallowed and the head
slipped into her throat!  Another inch and his prick was IN HER THROAT!  Then
he pulled out again.  As he started in, Anne took a big breath and as the head
pushed into her throat it wasn't so bad.  Deeper this time.  At least 2 inches
were in her throat!  Every time now, when he thrust into her mouth, the head
of his cock would slide into her throat too.  Anne had never been much for
sucking a mans cock, but she was getting hotter and hotter from this one!
Finally, one time Dave pulled completely out of her mouth.  He reached around
and fondled her breasts.  Her nipples were hard and protruding and they were
so sensitive. His fingers pulled at the nipples and stroked her breasts.  Then
Anne felt something new.  Something was being attached to her nipples!!!
Something very tight and cold!  He had put a nipple clip on her tit and from
the clip hung a small weight.  Another one went on her other breast!!  At
first she cried out from the pain, but it quickly faded to pleasure.  Every
time she moved even a little, the weights swung and tugged at her tits!  It
felt as if someone was pulling and sucking on them.  Then she felt Dave
standing behind her.  His cock was poking at the entrance to her cunt!  With
one long push, his prick slide into her exposed pussy!  And the movement made
the weights swing even more!
 
IN and out he stroked her!  In and out!  Every stroke seemed to go deeper than
the last one.  Her cunt felt totally filled and then emptied.  She knew that
she was on the brink of cuming!  And what a delicious cumming it was going to
be!  Anne could hear herself moaning with pleasure at every stroke.  As Dave
sped up, she tried to thrust back at him.  She wanted him deeper and deeper.
She felt him reach around and grab the weights attached to her nipples!  Now
every time he thrust into her, he pulled on the weights and the clips bit into
her tender tit flesh!  This was just what she needed!  This is what she knew
now she had been needing to force her over the brink into a grand orgasm!
With a last mighty lunge, Dave speared deep into her cunt!  Her pulled so hard
that the nipple clips were dragged off her tits.  The pain of her abused tits
seemed to set her on fire!  Anne gave out a long scream as she started to cum!
At the same time, she felt Daves hard cock bucking and spurting deep in her
pussy!  Even through her waves of pleasure she could feel his hot cum flooding
into her cunt!  The feeling made her own cuming even better.  More and more
cum washed into her and she welcomed every bit of it.
 
All too soon she felt him pull out of her.  She was still floating on the
pleasure she had had, and was surprised to feel him releasing her from the
stocks.  He led her to another device against the wall.  It was a narrow
padded bench.  So narrow that she had to balance on it.  It couldn't be wider
that 10 inches.  A strap went around her waist snugging her tightly to the
bench.  Her wrist cuffs were locked to bolts on the floor and pulled tight.
The action made her breasts stretch out.  One end of a metal bar was connected
to each of her ankle cuffs.  This spread her legs wide apart.  Dave continued
to pull on the bar stretching her legs further apart.  Anne could feel the
strain in her hips from being opened so wide.  More and more pulling until
finally Anne thought her hips would break.  A rope was attached to the center
of the bar and the rope went across behind here head to a wall.  Dave pulled
on the rope and Annes legs were drawn up and over her head.  In this position
her pussy and asshole gaped wide open.  She could feel her legs tremble from
the stain on them.  She looked to the side at Dave and could see that his
prick was hard again.  He sat down straddling the bench and his cock rested
against her pussy. He reached over and picked up a tube of lubrication and
started to smear it on her asshole!  Anne tried to clench her ass tight, but
to no avail!  First one finger slipped in her ass then another!  Dave moved
them around stretching and lubricating her asshole!  He smeared some more on
his cock and then put the head against her ass.
 
"Have you ever been fucked in the ass before Anne? "  He asked.
 
"NO!!!  NEVER!!!  PLEASE DON'T DO THIS TO ME!!!  FUCK ME IN MY PUSSY, NOT MY
POOR ASSHOLE!!!!" She wailed.
 
"Then you are in for a treat.  Once you get used to it, you will learn to love
it just as much as in your hot cunt.  I will enjoy taking your virgin asshole
for the first time."
 
"NOOOOOOO!!!  PLEASE!!  NOOOOOOOOOOOO!"
 
Dave bent his cock so that the head was pushing against her puckered ring.  A
little more pushing, and the head lipped inside!
 
"NNNNNNNOOOOOOOOO!!!!!  IT HURTS!!!  IT HURTS SOOOOOOOO!!!  STOP!!!!!
PLEASE!!! STOP!!!!!"
 
A bit more pushing, and another inch or so was forced inside her.  Anne
screamed and screamed at the intrusion!  As the cock went deeper into her, she
knew it was going to break her in two!
 
"PLEASE!!!  STOP!!  PLEASE!!  IT IS TEARING BE APART!!!!  NO MORE!!  I CAN'T
TAKE ANY MORE!!!!!"

Dave continued to force more and more of his prick deep into her anal passage.
Until finally his balls were pressed against her ass cheeks.  With his cock
fully in her, he stopped and waited.  The sensation was truly fantastic!  Her
hot tight asshole clamped on his cock like a vise.  Hot, tight, and throbbing.
Anne thought the pain would kill her, but when Dave stopped pushing in, the
pain seemed to fade somewhat.  The longer that Dave didn't move, the pain
continued to ease until all Anne felt was a fullness!  Her asshole was no
longer puckered, it was stretched wide to accommodate Daves massive cock. When
Dave started to pull back, Anne was sure that the pain would return, but only
a little pain was felt.  In fact, Anne rather enjoyed the feeling of fullness.
As more and more of Daves cock was pulled out, Anne felt a feeling of
emptiness in her ass.  Dave pulled back until only the head of his cock was
still in her asshole, then started back in.  This time as he pushed into her,
he reached around and grabbed her nipples.  Now as he slammed into her, he
used her nipples to pull himself deeper.  At first Anne thought he would pull
her nipples off, but it quickly changed to pure sexual pleasure!  Each
twisting pull on her sensitive nipples increased her pleasure!  The little
amounts of pain it caused was swallowed up by the waves of heat that coursed
through her. In only moments she could feel herself on the brink of cumming!
She could feel that Dave was close also!  His thrustings into her tight
asshole were faster now and she knew that soon her bowels would feel his cum
flooding into it. With a massive pull on her nipples, Dave stroked deep into
her ass and she was off!  She was over the brink of a fabulous orgasm!  Waves
and waves of pure sexual heat were coursing through her pussy and ass!  At the
same time she could feel Dave's hard cock bucking inside her as it spurted
stream after stream of hot cum deep into her waiting asshole!  The hot wetness
of it drove her to new heights and prolonged her own orgasm!
 
Still Dave continued to stroke in and out of her and Anne was delighted!  His
rigid cock sent more and more pleasure thru her!  After what seemed an
eternity, she slowly started to calm down.  Dave too had stopped with his dick
deep in her ass.  When he pulled completely out of her, she could feel her
asshole still gaping open and twitching.  A sudden feeling of emptiness came
over her, and she knew that her deep sexual needs had be awakened.  Whatever
he wanted from her she would willingly give.  Anything....  anything at all!
She was his to do with as he pleased!  All she wanted was to cum as good as
she did this time only over and over, and over.
 
 
                              To Be Continued...

\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\Nation of Thieves////////////////////////////////
:    The Rendezvous -- 220 Megs -- 3/12/2400 -- 9 lines -- (619) 275-1040     :
:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:
:            Erotic*City -- WWIV Net Node 6978 -- (619) 528-0322              :
:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:
:      Dirty Bird's Nest                        The Electronic Forum @6855    :
:           150 Megs           12/24/48/9600              675 Megs            :
:       (618) 397-7687             USR-HST            (618) 346-9078          :
:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:
:              Sin*City -- WWIV Net Node: 6969 -- (619) 283-4998              :
 \\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\/////////////////////////////////////

