                  <<<<<Orphan Annie's 3rd Adventure>>>>>
 
     When I was first stirring it was the crack of dawn.   Beside 
me,  the bed was empty, warm but empty.  I rolled over,  sleepily 
still,  in  search of the wonderful man who had brought  me  here 
last  night,  and he was gone.  I discovered as I  came  to  that 
hugging  the  pillow instead simply wasn't solace enough,  and  I 
opened my eyes to look for him.
 
     The room was just beginning to warm--there was a soft breeze 
coming  through the windows and the lace curtains sighed  gently.  
Going  to  be another hot day, I thought, but where's  Larry?   I 
listened, and there wasn't a sound.  Just the warmth and the musk 
scent of the sheets.
 
     This  wouldn't do!  I'm not even sure where  this  apartment 
is,  I've  no car, here it is 6:00 or some  ungodly  hour  Sunday 
morning,  and  I'm  alone in a strange bed.   Well,  not  totally 
strange...the champagne bottle in the bucket looked familiar...
 
     Then  I  heard a rasp from just outside the window,  on  the 
porch,  and  saw  the  shadows change.   Larry?   or  a  cat?   I 
reluctantly abandoned the warmth of the covers and fumbled for  a 
robe I remembered being somewhere in the bedroom.  A very  light, 
full  length cotton number, but enough so that at least  I  could 
step  outside  and  be  seen as  decent.   Wanton,  perhaps,  but 
decently dressed.
 
     There  was  Larry,  dressed  in  a  pair  of  boxers   only.  
Gorgeous, muscular legs came out the bottom, and this very  well-
built chest was above.  On top, an aquiline face was squinting at 
the  sunrise.   I  stepped  behind and  rested  my  chin  on  his 
shoulder.   "Watcha  thinking, Larry?"  "Dunno, just  seemed  the 
thing  to do right now."  "Wanna come back to bed with  me?   Are 
you waiting for anything?"  "Naw, just maybe the sunrise."   "Can 
I wait with you?"  "Sure, let's sit on the sofa."
 
     With  that,  we  sort  of fell onto  an  old,  white  wicker 
loveseat he had on the porch.  I curled up, head on his lap,  and 
began to drift off to sleep again.  His hand went to my waist and 
I waited for the sun to warm us.
 
     The  sun  was  a  long time coming, and  I  curled  up  even 
tighter.  His hand went to my butt and sort of snuggled me into a 
comfortable position; I relaxed and was back asleep, very secure.
 
     In  a few minutes, though, he was moving  again.   "Coffee?"  
"Uh, sure, so early?"  "Can't watch the sun rise without coffee!"  
He  was  gone in an instant to the kitchen and I heard  the  pots 
rattling.   It  wasn't yet really warm, so when he  came  back  I 
must've  jumped right onto him.  I was sitting across  his  legs, 
cupping  the coffee cup and lazing against his shoulder  with  my 
legs pulled up close.
 
     "Larry,  wanna  screw?"  "Yeah, maybe, but let  me  wake  up 
first."  "Larry, it's better when you're waking up.  Haven't  you 
ever  awakened  already linked to someone?"  He shrugged,  but  I 
noted  that  the boxers had a new bulge in them.  I put  my  hand 
there and confirmed that it wasn't just he fold of the fabric.
 
     "Larry,  it  feels  to me like you're  ready  now."   I  was 
whispering,  but  don't  know  why.  No  one  on  the  block  was 
stirring.  We had the world to ourselves.  His fly was gaping, so 
I  slipped my hand inside; Larry put his cup down and  then  took 
mine away from me.  "Here?" he said.  "Sure," I purred.
 
     He  took his hand from my waist and moved it to  my  breast, 
but  outside  the  robe.  My other hand was  pinned  against  his 
chest,  so I had to release his manhood to move his  hand  inside 
the  robe.   He was beginning to get the idea!  I  felt  a  warm, 
coarse  hand gently massage my left boob, then brush the  nipple, 
then  cup me like the balmy Sunday morning this was.   He  wasn't 
rushing things, and neither was I.
 
     I  looked  up from my chest and saw him smiling  at  me.   I 
leaned over and gave him the first kiss of the morning.   Gentle, 
not  even  probing, just a kiss.  He returned it  the  same  way.  
"Larry?"  "Mmmm?"  "The champagne would have been better than the 
coffee..."   "OK, I'll remember.  You didn't get too  wired  yet, 
did you?"  "Lemme show you.  Come here."  A gentle squeeze and  I 
had his full attention, his mind and his heart following, as  the 
expression goes.
 
     In fact, all I ever really wanted was a thousand percent  of 
his attention.  I really get jealous Sunday mornings.  Jealous of 
the  rest of the day, jealous of the telephone, jealous  even  of 
the  sunrise.   Mornings are meant for me and a friend,  with  no 
interruptions.  I think he was beginning to understand, but I had 
to know.
 
     "Why'd  you get up so early?"  "I'm not used to someone  who 
sleeps like you...it felt too good...has anyone ever told you how 
easy  it  is  to share a bed with you?  And  I  don't  mean  just 
sexually--just  that  you snuggle right in and at the  same  time 
don't  push.   I'm not used to that, and I guess  I'm  afraid  of 
losing  it."  "Larry, I'm here now.  Tomorrow is  tomorrow;  even 
this afternoon is later.  Right now, I'm here.  I want you to be, 
too."   He was caressing my nipple, now, and I was squeezing  him 
every once in a while, just to remind him how very "there" I was.
 
     Last night, he had really moaned when I tongued his ears.  I 
tried  again,  a bit of a stretch for my neck from  where  I  was 
sitting, but he just leaned right into me as I licked; I got  the 
same reaction.  Gee, was Larry's middle name Pavlov?  I stretched 
my legs out onto the sofa, and let the robe gap.  When he  opened 
his eyes, the first thing he saw was my legs, and he abandoned my 
breast  to touch them.  Here, too, he was gentle,  just  stroking 
them at first, then slowly parting them as he moved up the inside 
from my calves.  I just watched his eyes, as they darted from  my 
face  to  his  hand and back again.  He kissed me  again,  and  I 
returned  it  in French.  As my tongue went into his  mouth,  his 
hand  found my pussy for the fist time that morning.  Ah,  timing 
is everything!
 
     I  let  his  fingers move up and  down  my  lips,  searching 
gently, probing softly, for an opening.  My mouth played with his 
lips,  and  my  hand by now was stroking his  cock  to  its  full 
height.   I shifted so my hips would be right next to his  balls, 
and my hand on his shaft also rubbing his stomach.
 
     I  could feel him rustling around in my fur.  I was still  a 
very little bit tender from last night, but by no means dry!   He 
soon  found the source of all the moisture and his  fingers  just 
swam through it.  I pulled his head down and let him know it  was 
time  for some tongue work.  It was leisurely at first, and  then 
he got adventuresome.  Just as his head almost wholly disappeared 
under  the  robe,  the day's first car  drove  down  the  street, 
stopping  at the stopsign just across the road.  What  are  these 
people doing here?
 
     Time to go inside.  I pulled the robe together and stood up.  
For  Larry, the problem was a bit more difficult, but we made  it 
inside without anyone calling the rectitude enforcers.
 
     He climbed on the bed first and turned to me as I just stood 
there and waited.  He beckoned and I put a knee up, allowing  him 
to  grab  my thigh and the small of my back.  I let him  kiss  my 
mouth, then down my throat and chest until the robe fell open and 
I let it slide to the floor.  Larry pulled me up onto the bed and 
then  kept going, kissing first each breast, then my  belly,  and 
then  burying  himself in my forest.  My god, he was  good!   His 
tongue  found and then circled my clit.  It found and  probed  my 
secret  tunnel.  He ran down the smooth insides of my thighs  and 
made  me  tingle from there to the top of my head.  I was  on  my 
back, his hands underneath my butt, his head between my legs.   I 
could  just  reach the back of his head with my hands,  but  soon 
gave  that  up to hold my own breasts--I though I  was  going  to 
explode if I didn't!
 
     His  tongue was bobbing up and down--my back was arching  in 
time  with  his tongue.  I was sopping wet down my butt  and  all 
over  the tops of my thighs.  We were going to have to roll  over 
soon so he could get what was going to be a very wet Wet Spot!
 
     Finally, I pulled him up, each of us panting.  I rolled  him 
over  and  kissed  him, then straddled him.  I  really  like  the 
penetration I get this way, and after last night I wanted to  try 
this,  too,  with  him.  I mounted him, and  felt  him  push  the 
muscles  aside  as he entered.  Gently at first,  for  his  shaft 
wasn't  totally  wet  and some of  my  contractions  had  already 
started.   His hands went to my breasts and he was  just  playing 
with the nipples; I had never seen them so long!  And I just kept 
finding  more and more length to him, too--I could feel him  deep 
inside,  now,  I thought he'd have to push my cervix out  of  the 
way!   I  pulled up a bit, and then down again: he nested  a  bit 
better, and got better still the time after that!  Clearly, a bit 
of practice and we'd really make a team!
 
     I  moved his hands to my butt, and had him stroke  me  there 
for  a  change.   He pulled and pushed at  it,  and  got  himself 
adjusted even deeper into me.  He was concentrating on me so much 
he was drooling!  This is the kind of attention I wanted!
 
     We  began  to get our rhythm together.  It's  exercise  like 
this  that keeps my thighs in shape, and I love it!  He tried  to 
follow  me  as  I  pulled up and then down,  and  each  time  the 
friction just warmed me all that much more.  I could feel  myself 
wrapping  around  him,  the way I do just  before  a  really  big 
orgasm, and the tension was marvelous!
 
     Then,  about two strokes before I expected it, I  came.   It 
made  me  start  bucking  up and  down  like  a  thing  possessed 
(probably was!), and about halfway through I could feel him begin 
to  spurt;  for a while I wondered if he'd ever stop.   Not  just 
once,  not  merely  three  times.  Each time  I  could  feel  the 
moisture practically slam up into me.  He just kept coming, and I 
thought  I'd  drained  him last night  after  all  his  exuberant 
pumping then!
 
     I  fell to my side, he still inside.  He curled up  next  to 
me, and we dozed.  Somewhere during that time, he fell out, and I 
think  that's what woke me.  I shook him gently, and as  he  came 
around, I had this big smile on my face and a bit of curiosity on 
my  mind.   "Now,  Larry, isn't that better  than  coffee  Sunday 
morning?"
