========
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories,alt.sex.stories.incest,alt.sex.stories.moderated,alt.stories.incest,alt.stories.erotic
Subject: Annie's Lesbian Family Rituals, chap 1-6, (Ff, FFf, incest, anal, best)
From: Dirty.Dreams@news.euro.net
Date: 28 Apr 1997 21:00:24 GMT


Only one disclaimers.

This is a nasty, filthy, dirty story that deals with incestuous
relations between a girl, her mom, her sisters, and her grandmother.
It is very anal oriented and it also deals with bestiality.  So, don't
read any further if your not sickly perverted and into that kind of
thing.

Enjoy,
Dirty Dreams

==========


ANNIE'S LESBIAN FAMILY RITUALS


Chapter 1


	Tossing and turning young Annie awoke from her dream.  Once
again she could only remember small parts.  Every Sunday morning for
the last year, Annie had been awakening from these wildly erotic
dreams, and always with her tiny fingers slipped into her sopping wet
pussy, and sometimes, a finger buried deep up her young asshole.
	On each of these special mornings, Annie would lie in her bed
with her fingers to her nose smelling her tart juices that came from
her pussy and asshole, trying to remember the details of her dreams.
Even though she could not remember all of her dreams, she so enjoyed
this time because of the erotic images her mind so easily conjured up.
These morning were almost like a ritual to Annie.  This was her
special time to let her imagination go, fantasizing about the most
bizarre, perverse things - things far too perverted for any normal 13
year old girl.  These fantasies had grown increasingly wilder in the
last few months driving little Annie wild with erotic passion.   Even
more recently, in Annie's boiling state of lust, she had gone from
simply smelling her fingers to slipping them in her mouth and tasting
her pungent juices.  Doing something as nasty as this turned Annie on
even more.  That was the way Annie's young mind was; the more
perverted and degrading something was, the more it turned her on and
the hotter and wetter her young pussy became.
	Annie was a thin, long legged, teenage girl with long dark
wavy red hair that flowed down to the middle of her back.  Her young
body was beginning to take the shape of a mature woman.  Her small
young breast had begun to bud and became easily aroused at a touch.
She was especially proud of her newly grown, dark red pubic hair that
was just beginning to show up on her pussy.  Annie spent a lot of time
in her room, naked in front of the mirror, admiring and exploring
these newly developed erogenous zones of her body.
	Annie lived in a small coastal town just north of San
Francisco.  She lived with her mother, two aunts, and wealthy
grandmother in a very large, old Victorian style home that looked out
over the ocean.  Annie never knew her father, he died when she was
very young.
	Mid-way down the hall from Annie's room was the room of her
twin sister aunts, Josie and Janie.  Nether Josie or Janie were, or
had ever been, married, even though with their beauty they could have
had any man they chose at the drop of a hat.  Josie and Janie were
both 34 years old and incredibly beautiful women.  Their voluptuous
bodies were no exception, with their large firm D-cup breasts, slender
waist lines, and round perky butts.  Their golden skin was smooth with
tiny tan lines that barely covered their thick dark pussy hair.
Flowing down their backs was a thick mane of light brown hair with sun
streaks throughout.
	Directly adjacent to Annie's room, through an adjoining door,
was the room of Annie's mother Maria.  Maria, who at 30 was the
younger of the three sisters.  She had long jet black hair which she
always keep rolled in a bun at the back of her head.  Although many
would say she was even prettier than the twins, with the mousy way she
carried herself and the way she wore such drab, loose fitting close,
few people ever notice her.  But underneath her long full dresses, was
a stunningly beautiful, petite body.  Her small frame was almost the
size of a small child, with small perky breasts and a tiny firm ass.
	At the end of the long hallway was the room of Issabella,
Annie's grandmother, the pentacle of this family of beautiful women.
Issabella was a mysterious yet elegant woman with long black hair that
was speckled with gray strands throughout.  Issabella also were her
hair pulled up on top of her head, but in a less conservative and more
elegant fashion than her daughter Maria.  The twins had obviously
inherited their voluptuous figures from their mother.  Issabella's
breasts were even larger than the twins.  Naturally through the
passage of time they set much lower, but they were still a magnificent
sight to see and often caught the eyes of many young boys.  It was
obvious that Issabella ran that family.  Even the twins, as
independent as they seemed, did absolutely nothing without first
getting Issabella's blessing.  Especially in their relationships.
Issabella would never allow any of her girls to have any kind of
lasting relationships with anyone, male or female.  The ones they were
allowed to see, could only be seen on week nights and they always had
to be in early.  Oddly enough, the girls all seemed quite content,
even excited, about staying home the weekend nights.
	This restricted social life was also part of little Annie's
life.  When she was not in school, Annie spent most of her time
playing by herself in her room or running up and down the hallways.
Maria would let Annie stay up late on most week nights in the summer,
but early on every Saturday evening she would make her go up to her
room directly after supper, while everyone else stayed down stairs.
Not long after Annie would get up to her room, Grandmother would
always bring her her weekly medicine and put her to bed.
	Annie sensed the women in her family were a bit odd, yet this
oddness intrigued her tremendously.  Annie knew from her own perverse
finger sucking pleasure on those special mornings, she had quite a
streak of this oddness in her too.
 

Chapter 2


	Late one night, as Annie was getting into her nightgown to go
to bed, she heard voices coming from her mother's room.  They were
stern commanding voices, not quiet or hushed, but rather loud, almost
as if they were trying to catch Annie's attention.  Curiosity overtook
her.  She turned out her light and walked over to the adjoining door
between her room and her mothers.  Once in front of the door, Annie's
squatted down to peek through the large keyhole.  It gave her an
excellent view of the center of her mother's room.
	As Annie's eye adjusted to the light in the room, she saw her
mother standing in the middle of her room with her head lowered in a
rather submissive sort of way, facing toward someone sitting on the
bed.  Annie strained to see who this was sitting on the bed, but the
bed was just barely out of the viewing edge of the keyhole.  Annie's
mom was wearing a very shear nightgown and nothing more.  The way the
room light shined across her mother's body, Annie could see directly
through her thin gown.  She could see the dark patch of pussy hair
between her mother's legs and her perfectly shaped tits with their
aroused nipples standing straight out.
	Why was it that her mother was standing there with her head
lowered so submissively, and why was it obviously exciting her so,
Annie wondered.
	Suddenly Annie heard the stern voice say, "Strip bitch, and
drop to your knees!"  Annie's mom instantly began to disrobe.  She
unlaced and opened the front of her gown, letting it slide off her
shoulders, it dropped to the floor.  She then took down her long
beautiful hair and shook it out.  Without any hesitation Maria dropped
to the floor on her hands and knees with her head still bowed.  Then a
second and equally as stern voice came from the direction of her
mother's bed, "Inspection time slut, assume the position!"  On that
command Maria spread her knees far apart and arched her back, pushing
her tiny perfectly shaped ass high into the air.  She then raised her
head, thrusting out her breasts, lifting her erect nipples into the
air, and letting her beautiful long black hair string down across her
face.
	Annie couldn't believe what she was seeing.  She couldn't
believe she was watching her own mother getting so wildly aroused by
being totally dominated by her two mysterious masters.  Annie was
glued to the keyhole.  She felt a flame boiling through her body as
she watched her mother on the floor.  Annie's young body was coming
alive with passion.  The very fact she was getting so turned on by
watching her mother being treated and responding like this made her
feel so nasty, and the feeling of being so nasty excited her even
more.
	Suddenly the two strangers stood up from the bed and stepped
into the center of the room for closer viewing of her mother.  Annie
almost passed out.  Her mother's two mysterious masters were her own
Aunt Josie and Aunt Janie.  They were each wearing black spiked heels,
thigh high stockings, a garter belt, and a corset that pushed up on
their large bare breasts, and both were clutching a riding crop in
their hand.  Neither sister was wearing panties, and Annie found her
eyes immediately locked on to their beautifully trimmed pussies.
	Annie was now boiling over with burning desires.  Her young
body was beginning to tremble with excitement and her breath was
quickening as she squatted in front of the keyhole.  Annie had never
seen her aunts totally naked before, and only briefly had she ever
seen her mother disrobed.  The sight of her aunt's beautiful pussies
stirred up feeling in her young body she never felt before.  As Annie
stared at her aunt's pussies she subconsciously pulled down the front
of her panties with her thumb and buried a couple of fingers of her
other hand deep into her sopping wet pussy.  Annie's body shuttered at
the rush of  feelings that flowed through her body at the feel of her
fingers sliding into her tight wet slit.
	Josie and Janie circled around Annie's submissive little
mother, staring at the petite little body under their command.
"You're a nasty little slut, aren't you?," Josie said sternly as she
slapped Annie's mom on the ass with the riding crop.  "Answer her!,"
Janie said, giving her another quick whack on the ass with her riding
crop.  "Yes," Maria muttered.  "Louder!," Josie shouted giving Maria's
beautiful tiny ass another pop.  "I am!," Maria spoke up.  "I'm the
nastiest little slut in this town!"  "Are you?," Janie teased with
another smack on Maria's reddening ass cheeks.  "What are you going to
do to prove this to us, slut?," Josie said with another pop.  "I'll do
anything you want me to... anything!... know matter how nasty."  "Well
my little submissive slut, tonight we're just here to warm you up for
your worthiness training Saturday night - and you know who your
audience will be then, don't you?," Josie said with an evil smile and
another swift smack on Maria's ass.  "Yes, mam... I do.", Maria
answered with a slight tone of eagerness in her voice.
	As Josie continued to circle and taunt Maria's ass with her
crop, Janie squatted down directly behind Maria for a closer view of
her tight little asshole and now dripping pussy.   Every time Josie
slapped Maria's ass, Janie's eyes grew wide with excitement as she
watched Maria's little asshole pucker and her pussy twitch.  This
close-up view of Maria's crotch set Janie on fire.  She reached down
between her own legs and squeezed her pussy, shuttered, then started
vigorously rubbing her clit.  "Do you like the sting of my whip on
your bare ass?," Josie asked.  "Yes mam, I love it!  Please, do as you
please with my ass.  I'm your slut and my ass is for your enjoyment.
Treat me like the anal slut that I am."  At that request, Josie, who
was standing in front of Maria, grabbed Maria by the back of her hair
and pulled her face up high.  Then slightly bending and spreading her
knees, Josie planted her pussy in Maria's face and ground around on
it.  As Janie watched Josie treat her little sister like this, Janie
slid two of her fingers into her own dripping pussy, pulled them out,
then forced them into Maria's asshole.  This drove Maria insane.
"Uhhmm!," Maria moaned into Josie's crotch.  She truly was an anal
slut and her response to being reamed up the ass by her big sister's
fingers proved it.  Maria began to lap and suck wildly at Josie's
pussy, which in turn made Josie grind her pussy harder and harder into
Maria's face.
	The sight of Annie's Aunt Janie pumping her fingers in and out
of her mother's asshole made Annie shudder with excitement.  Annie's
young asshole was begging for the same treatment her mother's was
getting.  Without missing a stroke with the fingers stuffed in her
pussy, Annie slid her other hand down the back of panties and stuck
her middle finger straight up her own little asshole.  Annie tried
hard not to moan out loud, but she couldn't help herself.  As she
bobbed up and down on her fingers, she quietly whimpered and moaned.
It really didn't matter that she was moaning aloud, because everybody
was moaning - Annie with two fingers in her pussy and one up her ass -
Josie as she fed her beautiful pussy to Annie's mother's hungry mouth
- wide eyed Janie squatting close behind Maria, ramming her fingers in
and out of her little sister's willing asshole while finger fucking
her own pussy with the other hand - and then of course Maria, being
sandwiched between her two horny sisters.
	It was suddenly obvious, that Josie was cumming in Maria's
face.  Josie's eyes rolled back in her head as she raised her face to
the ceiling and made a guttural grown.  Her knees began to wobble as
she clenched tighter on Maria's long black hair.  Faster and harder
Maria sucked at Josie's pussy.  Suddenly Josie froze stiff like a
statue.  She was cumming.  Her body then began to quiver.  "Oh! Oh!
Ohhhhhhhh!" she groaned as the blood vessels in her neck grew.  Then
suddenly she relaxed, opened her eyes, and looked down at Maria.
	With a devilish grin Josie pulled her pussy away from Maria's
dripping face.  Josie then squatted down in front of her and wiped the
wet strands of hair out of her face.  Josie leaned forward and slowly
began to lick her own pussy juices off her little sister's face in a
perverted and demeaning way.  While Josie was tongue washing Maria's
face, Maria's eyes were still wide open with anal pleasure as Janie
continued Maria's ass-fucking.
	Maria started breathing heavier and groaning louder, for she
was approaching her anal climax.  She began to thrust her ass back
against Janie's fingers as Janie stabbed her finger deep into Maria
rectum.  Pushing and pounding, Maria forced herself back against her
sister's probing fingers.  Josie continued to lap at Maria's face
until finally Maria shuddered intently then relaxed as she released
her orgasm.
	As Josie finished licking the last drop of her pussy juices
off Maria's beautiful face, she raised Maria's chin slightly and said,
"You've been a really good slut tonight, but you know what a really
nasty anal slut would do after a good ass-fucking like this, don't
you?"  As those words left her lips, Maria's eyes grew wide with
excitement as a wild slutty look came over Maria's face.  When  Josie
saw this excitement in Maria's eyes she smiled at her and nodded her
head.  With that nod Maria reached behind her and grabbed Janie's
wrist.  Staring straight into Josie's eyes, she raised an eyebrow as
to say "watch this."  She then gave a wicked smile, rammed Janie's
fingers up her ass as far as they would go, then wiggled her ass
around on them.  Maria then slowly slid the fingers out of her ass,
raised up, then laid down on her back.  With Josie now positioned
between her legs, Maria spread her legs wide, exposing her beautiful
wet pussy lips to her.  As Josie watched her nasty floor show with
anticipation, Maria began to rock her hips and finger her pussy with
one hand, then with the other hand she pulled Janie's ass-fucking
fingers over her face.  As she watched Josie watching her, she pull
Janie's fingers into her mouth and began to suck them clean, one by
one.  At this point everyone in that room, including Annie next door,
was masturbating as they watch the nasty little slut show.  This went
on for several minutes as Maria laid on the floor fingering herself
from one orgasm to another, while sucking Janie's fingers clean.
	Josie then rose to her feet, stood over Maria, and said,
"Yes... very good my little slut.  I think you're finally ready to
test your total submission and obedience with your master.  I think
it's also time to see how well your little Annie will respond to
actually being involved in your training.  We will all see tomorrow
night, won't we?"  Josie then snapped her fingers at Janie.  Janie
stood up and followed Josie toward the door.  They both stopped at the
door and turned around for one last look at Maria lying spread-eagle
on the floor, then walked out closing the door behind them.
	Annie couldn't believe what she just saw.  She was still
fingering her little pussy and asshole as she stared through the
keyhole at her mother's beautiful naked body laying exhausted on the
floor.  She just couldn't believe the wild sexually depraved animal
Aunt Josie and Aunt Janie had unleashed in her mother by dominating
and humiliating her in the way they did.  Annie could see the hungry
look on her mother's face grow wilder and wilder as Josie's commands
became increasingly more perverse.  With all these thoughts and
visions racing through her young mind, she let herself roll back onto
her bedroom floor.  She pulled her knees up to her body and then
parted them, then continued to finger fuck her wet pussy and tight
little asshole thinking about what she just witnessed.  Her driving
fingers had brought her to an orgasm several times while she watched
the humiliation of her mother.  Why did this sight turn her on so
much, she wondered.  Rethinking these thoughts brought her to yet
another orgasm as she pounded her pussy and pumped her asshole full of
fingers.  Annie thought about how it excited her mother so to suck
Aunt Janie's finger clean after she pulled them from her ass.  She
couldn't believe the same perverse thing that she had got so much
pleasure out of on her special mornings was also something her mom
obviously enjoyed immensely.  As Annie laid there thinking about this,
she slid her finger out of her ass, drew it to her lips.  Slowly she
began to suck on it while fantasizing she was her mother on the floor
in the other room, and it was she that was being treated like an anal
slut by her Aunt Josie and Aunt Janie.
	Annie woke up and found herself in the same position on the
floor later that night with her finger still in her mouth.  She raised
up and checked the keyhole once again.  Her mother's room was dark,
she must have gone on to bed.  Annie walked over and climbed into her
bed and wondered.  What was it Aunt Josie was talking about.  What is
it that her mother must do tomorrow night, a Saturday night, the one
night of the week she has to take her medicine and go to bed early;
and what training was she to get involved in - she had no clue.
 

Chapter 3


	All day Saturday, Annie continually thought about what she saw
the night before.  She found herself staring at her mother across the
dinner table unable to imagine that this prim and proper woman with
her loose fitting clothing and her hair in a bun could be the wild
horny slut she saw last night.  Pulling Annie out of her trance was
the voice of her grandmother, "Come on Annie, if you're through with
your dinner, then it's time to take your medicine and go to bed."  As
she did every Saturday night, Annie got up from the table and kissed
everyone goodnight.  Her grandmother took her hand and they walked
together upstairs to Annie's room.
	When they got to the top of the stairs, grandmother realized
she had forgot Annie's medicine and had to go back down stairs to get
it.  Annie pretended to go on into her room, but as soon as her
grandmother had reached the bottom of the stairs Annie snuck back to
the edge of the stairs to watch and listen.
	Annie watched her grandmother get out two bottles of pills.
Out of one she poured out five blue pills and out of the other she
poured out only one red pill.  She walked over to the dinner table and
handed all three of her girls one blue pill each and said, "Take your
medicine my little girls and enjoy your night of uninhibited
decadence."  Grandmother, Josie, and Janie all swallowed their pill,
smiled at each other, then looked over at Maria.  Maria shyly lowered
her head to her pill and swallowed it.  "Now, go to the play room and
prepare yourselves.  Our special guest and I will be down after I get
her ready," Grandmother said.  "Don't forget to give her the red pill
so she doesn't remember her experience tomorrow," Josie said.  "Have I
ever forgot?," Grandmother replied as she walked back toward the
stairs.
	Annie quickly scampered back to her room and started brushing
her teeth.  "Here you go my little button.  Take your medicine,"
Grandmother said as she walked in the room and held out the two pills.
Annie always remembered how good the medicine made her feel after she
had taken it.  It made her tingle all over and made her mind think
strange wild thoughts.  She always remembered how grandmother would
just sit in the chair across the room in her black silk robe and smile
mysteriously at her.  But that's all.  Nothing more.
	Now she knew exactly why.  It was the red pill her grandmother
gave her.  This night of all nights was a night she did not want to
forget.  "Here baby, take your pills," Grandmother said as she handed
Annie her pills.  Annie took the pills in one hand and reached for the
water with the other.  As she did, Annie let the red pill fall onto
the floor where Grandmother couldn't she it.  She then popped the blue
pill into her mouth and swallowed it down.
	In no time at all, Annie could feel the pill coming on.  Her
body began to tingle and her mind started to run wild.  Annie started
to dance around the foot of her bed as if she were in a trance.  With
every movement of her arms, her tiny breast became more aroused.  With
every movement of feet, the wetness of excitement would build between
her legs.  Issabella walked over to the bed and laid out a shear silk
gown, then walked back over to the chair across the room and sat down.
"It's time for you to change my dear.  Take off your close and put on
the new gown I bought you," Issabella said as she watched Annie
intently.
	At her grandmother's words Annie stopped dancing, walked over
to the gown, and started to unbutton her dress.  "Turn around, my
little one, so Grandmother can see your sweet form," Issabella
requested.  "Grandmother wants to see how well her little
granddaughter's body is ripening."
	Issabella's request excited Annie.  It made her young body
tingle even more to think of being watched while she undressed.  Annie
turned around toward her grandmother, unbutton her dress all the way
down, pulled it off her shoulders, and let it fall to the floor.
There Annie stood across the room from her grandmother with nothing on
but her lacy panties.  Issabella didn't take her eyes off Annie for a
second.  Annie could see her grandmother's eyes glow with excitement
and anticipation as her body became exposed.  Annie could feel her
nipples getting hard and the wetness building in her panties in
reaction to her grandmothers gaze.  The pill amplified the excitement
of this bizarre situation.  Annie was feverishly excited and was
boiling in anticipation of her next command.
	"Come closer my little naked child.  Come closer so
Grandmother can see every detail of your adolescent body,"  Issabella
said as she removed her hair pins and shook out her beautiful long
hair.  Annie walked across the room and stood directly in front of her
grandmother.  Issabella's eyes roamed up and down Annie supple body,
then finally came to rest on Annie's crotch.
	Bringing her finger to her lips and not breaking her gaze,
Issabella said, "Very good my little one.  Now, why don't you spread
your feet apart a little and pull your panties down in front of your
grandmother?"  This game was getting wilder by the moment and Annie
loved every minute of it.  She reached down, slid her thumbs under her
waistband, and pulled them down to her knees.  Issabella smiled with
pleasure at the sight of her young granddaughter pulling her panties
down right in front of her, then standing there in wide-eyed
anticipation of her inspection.
	Issabella sat up and leaned forward toward Annie's pussy.
Annie watch with excitement as her grandmother moved her face to
within inches of her wet pussy.  Issabella closely admired the few
dark red pussy hairs that tried to cover Annie's glistening wet pussy
lips.  She then gradually moved her mouth closer and closer to Annie's
pussy.   Then, just before her lips touched Annie's pussy, Issabella
blew a breath of hot air over Annie's crotch.  Issabella's breath
melted Annie's pussy like butter.  Her knee buckled and her body
shuttered.  Annie didn't realize until that moment how much she would
have loved to have had her grandmother's mouth on her little clit.
	Issabella pulled away and leaned back in her chair.  "You like
that don't you?  You like standing there in front of your grandmother
with your panties around your knees, don't you?," Issabella teased.
"Yes mam," Annie muttered back.
	Issabella just sat there, laying back in her big chair,
smiling with enjoyment at the sight of Annie's aroused  naked body.
She then slightly parted her own legs and untied the belt of her black
silk robe.  As Annie looked on in amazement, Issabella slowly opened
up the shear black robe, exposing her beautiful large breasts and her
large thick patch of dark pussy hair.
Issabella watched the wild look on Annie's face as she cupped her
large breasts and pinched her nipples.  "What do you think?  Do you
like looking at your grandmother's naked body?," Issabella asked as
she tugged at her hardening nipples.
	Annie was simply amazed at how good of shape her grandmother's
body was in at her age.  Her huge round breast hung lower than the
twins, but her waistline was just as thin.  Annie's eyes worked their
way down her grandmother's body to her large hairy pussy, where they
lock on.  Grandmother's pussy wasn't as well trimmed as the twin's
pussy, but it was just as inviting.
	Noticing Annie's gaze at her pussy, Issabella spread her legs
open wider and put one leg over the arm of the chair, exposing her
large pussy lips, then ran her fingers through her thick dark pussy
hair.  "Do you like what you see, my little one?  Yes?  Then, get on
your knees and get a closer look," Issabella began to command.
	Without breaking her gaze, Annie dropped down on her knees to
see this wonderful sight up close.  Sitting there on the floor with
her face only inches away from her grandmother's pussy, really turned
Annie on.  As Annie watched, Issabella began to masturbate.  As she
did, she watch Annie's face glow with excitement.  Annie was getting
so excited that she began to grab and pull at her own pussy.  All she
could think about was how much she wanted to just bury her little face
into her grandmother sopping wet pussy and lick and suck on it like
her mom had done to Aunt Josie last night.  She just couldn't wait for
her grandmother's next command.
	"Have you ever had your pussy eaten before Annie?," Issabella
asked as she rubbed at her clit.  "No mam," Annie responded.  "Oh,
that's too bad.  It's a wonderfully decadent feeling to look down at a
pretty young girls face as she sucks away at your pussy juices.  I
have to have it at least once or twice a week."  Then with a
suggestive sigh Issabella said, "Yes...that's something all young
girls should be taught how to do at a very young age.  Do you know who
my favorite pussy eater is, Annie?," Issabella asked.  "No mam,"
replied Annie.  "It's your mother.  She's absolutely the best pussy
sucker I've ever had.  Ever since she was your age, she has love to
eat pussy...So many nights I have woken up to find her under my covers
lapping at my clit."
	It was pretty obvious Issabella was getting off on telling
Annie about the nasty things her mother likes to do.  As Annie listen
to the nasty little details about her mother alternate life, she could
she Issabella's thick dark pussy hair becoming matted with the heavy
flow of her pussy juices. Annie could feel her own pussy juices
beginning to flow as she vigorously fingered her sweet young pussy.
	"Eat me, my young one," Issabella said in a low seductive
voice.  "Eat my pussy like your nasty mother would do."  That was all
Annie was waiting for, her first sexual command - and in she went.
Annie planted her face right between her grandmother's big juicy pussy
lips and began to lick.  As Annie's tongue sank into her grandmother's
pussy, Issabella grabbed Annie's hair began to guide her face through
her first pussy eating session.  As Annie licked and sucked at
Issabella's pussy, she could feel her pussy getting wetter and wetter.
She began to feel the pussy juices that had escaped her tongue drip
down her cheeks and off her chin.  'This is such a turn on', Annie
thought as she lapped away and watched her grandmother's face melt in
ecstasy.  She was loving the tangy taste and the musty smell of her
grandmother hot pussy, as Issabella commanded the attention of Annie's
tongue to all parts of her crotch.  Tighter and tighter Issabella's
grip became as Annie's virgin tongue pushed her towards her orgasm.
Issabella began to grind her hip and rub Annie's face into her hot
crotch.  "Suck it you little slut!,"  Issabella groaned loudly, as she
smeared her pussy around on Annie's face and watched Annie's wide eyed
gaze back at her.  "Eat that hot wet pussy, my little bitch!"
	The lewd way her grandmother was haunching on her face and the
nasty way she was talking to her, really turned Annie on.  The closer
her grandmother came to her climax the more vigorously Annie fingered
her own pussy.  Annie could hear the wet sound of her own palm
slapping up against her own drenched pussy lips.  As she pounded her
wet pussy, Annie felt her anal urge come over her.  Without missing a
stroke, Annie slid one of her wet finger all the way up her ass and
began to ride these fingers of ecstasy.
	As Annie watched her grandmother's eyes, she could tell
Issabella was about to cum.  Issabella's movements became wilder and
her words became louder and nastier.  "Suck my pussy you little slut!
Suck my piss out, bitch!  Suck it harder or I'll have you fucked up
the ass by the damn dog!"  At those words, both Annie and her
grandmother exploded into orgasms.  On and on this wild perverted rush
pulsed through Annie's crotch as she drove her finger up her ass... in
and out... and then one last time.  At that same moment, Issabella
exhausted with finality, released her grip on Annie's hair.  Annie
fell to the floor in exhaustion panting.
	When Annie looked up Issabella was still sitting spread eagle
in the chair, smiling at Annie with a devious smile.  As she watched
Annie she stroked her pussy and licked the juices from her fingers.
Issabella then stood up and held out her hand to Annie saying, "Come
my little one, your night has just begun.  That was but a taste of
what's in store for you."
 

Chapter 4


	Annie stood up, stepped out of her panties, curiously took her
grandmother's hand, and was lead out the door.  As they walked across
the hall and down the stairs Annie realized she was totally naked and
that her mother or her aunts might she her like this, but just as
quickly as this realization came over her, it went away.  It was
replaced by the naughty tingle the little blue pill gave her.  The
thought of her mother or aunts seeing her running through the house
naked began to excite her.  She even wondered if her mother knew what
she had just done to her grandmother.  That thought also excited her.
	As Issabella led Annie down the stairs, Annie watched her
intensely.  Issabella's silk robe was flowing wide open and out behind
her.  Her large breast and still erect nipples jutted out in front of
her, bouncing slightly as she walked, and the thick bush between her
legs was still wet from Annie's tongue.  Annie could hardly believe
what she had just done with her grandmother and above all, how much
she enjoyed it.  Now Annie wonder what else did her grandmother have
in store for her.
	Back into that large house they went.  Back into an area Annie
had seldom been.  Issabella unlocked and opened a door in the corner
of one of the these old rooms and in they when.  They were in a dimly
lit stairway leading down to red door.  Annie could hear exotic music
and wild laughter coming from beyond that door.  When they reached the
bottom of the stairs Issabella stopped and turned towards Annie.
"It's time, my little one.  Release all your inhibitions and indulge
yourself in the decadence.  You are now our toy of pleasure,"
Issabella said as she slowly opened the door.
	Annie stepped in and stopped in shock and amazement.  The room
she just walked into looked like some sort of dungeon.  The floors
were covered with thick padded carpet and the walls were black and
covered with whips, chain, and bizarre sexual devices.  At one end of
the room was a small open area with harnesses and restraints attached
to the wall and rafters.  At the other end was two rows of plush
couches setting directly across from one another with a small open
area in between.  Both rows of couches where facing each other and the
open path led to the back of the room where the floor stepped up to a
small raised area.  In that area the couches formed a small semicircle
inset like a large booth in a restaurant without the table.  The room
was dimly lit with a red glow barely lighting the couch area and a
slightly brighter white light illuminating the area between the
couches.
	There were women everywhere drinking, laughing, and moaning,
and all totally nude, with the exception of a few spiked high heels
and an occasional garter belt with hose.  Most of the women were
lounging comfortably along the couches in little groupings kissing and
fondling one another and watching the other women across from them
doing nasty things to each another.
	As Issabella led Annie into the room the laughter and the
conversation paused as every eye began to inspect this new offering in
Issabella's hand.  Annie felt uncomfortable at first but soon begin to
enjoy the attention she was getting.  As Issabella slowly walked her
into the area between the couches and along in front of the women on
the couches, Annie eyes indulged on the erotic sight of all the naked,
horny women licking and fondling one another.  She noticed that there
were several young girls her age there.  They all appeared to be
intently enjoying themselves, most sitting between two or three older
women, and all spread eagle with several foreign hands on their
crotches feeling them up while other hands were stroking and pinching
their tiny little breasts. 
	As they walked along in front of the couches viewing this
torrid display of uninhibited lesbian lust, Issabella stopped in front
of two women in their late thirties sitting side by side, legs spread
open, and involved in deep French kissing.  Issabella and Annie paused
there for a moment and watched them kiss, squirm, and finger fuck each
other.  Then Issabella said, "Excuse me ladies."  The women stopped
their kissing and looked up to Issabella.  They then noticed little
Annie standing beside her grandmother.  Both women, still finger
fucking one another, begin to smile as they stared up and down Annie's
young naked body.  "Her evening is about to begin and  you've got her
first - do as you please with her!" Issabella said, as she reached
behind Annie and pushed her toward the women.  The women instantly
reached up, grabbed Annie, and pulled her down between them.  As soon
as Annie's little body came to rest on the couch, the women spread her
long young legs and each slid a finger into her wet pussy.  This whole
situation was exciting Annie tremendously.  She found herself loving
the feeling of being mauled by these strange women.  Annie then
decided to closed her eyes and submit to whatever her new mistresses
desired of her.
	The woman on Annie's right reached up, pulled Annie's face to
hers, and began to French kiss her.  Then both she and the woman on
Annie's other side began to pinch at her excited and erect nipples.
At first, the pinching was hurting her young breast, but with the
fingers in her pussy and wild passionate way this woman was kissing
her, the pain soon turned in to immense pleasure.  Annie found herself
tugging back against the pinching fingers only to intensify the
pleasure of her nipple torment.
	"You like the pain, my little slut?" the woman on her left
whispered as she drove her tongue into Annie's ear.  "Uhhmm!" Annie
moaned in pleasure as she danced her tongue around in the other
woman's mouth.
	Annie opened her eyes and began watching a young girl across
the couches finger an older woman up the ass.  The older woman was on
her knees leaning over the couch and the young girl was laying on her
back under the woman with her legs spread wide, giving everyone an
excellent view of her young pussy.  The young girl had two fingers up
the older woman's ass and was sucking on her clit as she methodically
worked her fingers in and out of her ass.  The older woman was moaning
and humping back in pleasure with every stroke of the young girls
fingers.  Annie could actually see the older woman's pussy juices
running down the young girl's cheeks.
	Annie perked right up at this sight and stopped kissing her
new lover.  Noticing Annie's excitement about this anal scene across
from them, the women she was kissing slid Annie's ass out to the edge
of the couch and pulled her legs up and back over her head.  Then as
both of the women moved their mouths down to Annie's tits and began to
nip and bite on her little nipples, the woman slid her finger up
Annie's ass.  Annie was now in ecstasy.  The pain in her nipples had
turned into pure masochistic pleasure, and the three fingers the other
woman was shoving in her pussy made her head spin, but it was the
finger she was feeling sliding in and out of her asshole that was what
she was living for at that moment.  Annie began to feel really good
and slutty as she looked across and saw some of those women watching
her in that nasty position. 
	As Annie laid there boiling in pleasure, she glanced around to
see where her grandmother had gone.  Annie's eyes scanned the room
then spotted her at the far end of the couch circle.  There were five
or six stunning looking young women sitting in that area with
Issabella at the head, like a queen on her thrown.  Sitting there on
each side of their mother were Josie and Janie, both dressed in their
spike heeled shoes and black silk stockings.
	At that moment a woman stepped up in front of Issabella with a
very pretty and apparently very young little girl.  The young girl was
totally naked except for a collar with a leash and high heeled shoes.
She stood there submissively with her head bowed and her hands behind
her back as if they were bound.  The woman holding her leash seemed to
be suggesting something to Issabella about the girl.  Issabella,
obviously liking what she was hearing, nodded her head with pleasure.
The woman then handed the leash to Issabella and sat down between her
and Josie.  Sliding her ass out to the edge of the couch, the woman
spread her legs wide apart.  Issabella looked the young girl over for
a moment then lightly tugged the leash outward toward the woman.
"Come on my little child, your mother says your very good at this.
Show us how well you eat your mother's pussy," Issabella said as she
tugged once again on the leash.  All eyes in that area were on this
woman and her young sex slave daughter.  Josie's and Janie's hands
immediately dropped to their own pussies and began to rub in
anticipation of watching this young girl eat out her mother.
	The young girl dropped to her knees and crawled on all fours
right up to her mother's pussy.  Her mother reached out grab the young
girl by the back of the hair and pulled her face into her hot wet
snatch.  As she began to lick, the young girl's expressions slowly
changed from shy submissiveness to wild enjoyment.  The taste of her
mother's pussy on her lips was all she needed to start her little
motor purring.  In her excitement, the young girl spread her knees
apart, arched her back, and began to wildly screw her head back and
forth as she licked and suck at her mother's pussy.  Her mother's eyes
rolled back in her head as she threw her head back, heaving her breast
into the air, began to moan and grind her pussy around on her
daughter's face.
	Issabella, smiling with evil delight, slowly pulled her eyes
away from this unbelievably erotic scene and said to Josie, "Bring her
out!  Let's see what our little slut is willing to do tonight."  Josie
stood up, smiled, and said, "Yes, let's just see how nasty our little
slut gets tonight."
	Josie sultry strutted across the room between the couches and
stopped behind a petite brunette that was on her hands and knees
between another woman's legs, eating her out.  Josie reached down and
slowly rubbed the brunette's crotch.  By the wetness she felt, it was
pretty obvious to her that the woman was enjoying her work as well as
this new hand that was probing her pussy.
	Josie pulled her finger from the woman's pussy and slapped her
on her ass.  "Get up from that pussy, slut!  It's time for you to
really get nasty." Josie said.  The petite brunette turned her head
toward Josie with a surprised look that instantly grew into excitement
upon seeing who had slapped her ass.  As she looked up at Josie, she
wiped the pussy juices from her face and eagerly said, "Yes mistress,
how may I service you tonight?"  "Come with me, slut.  There will be
several ways you'll service me tonight," Josie said as she bent over
grabbing her hair and pulled her up.
	Josie hooked a leash to the leather collar around the woman's
neck and led her through the couches toward the raised area, stopping
in front of Issabella.  As the submissive brunette walked through the
light between the couches, several of the women in the room recognized
her.  "It's Maria...Issabella's daughter," they whispered.  Her hair
was down and teased out wildly.  She was wearing nothing but high
heels and a leather collar.  On her perky nipples, she was wearing
small clamps that were connected together by a chain that bounced
around as she walked across the room.
	Annie was still heating up and too deeply involved with her
two new lovers to have noticed that her mother was also in the room.
	As they stepped up in front of Issabella, Josie pulled down on
Maria's arm and instructed her to get down on the floor on her hands
and knees.  When she did, Josie began to fondle Maria's body, running
her hand down her back and into the crack of her ass.  As Josie's hand
reached her crotch, Maria's body began to shuttered with anticipation.
Issabella then spread her legs apart and said , "Come my little slut
daughter.  Come suck your mother's pussy like this little slut next to
me is sucking her mother's pussy."  Maria glanced over at the young
girl beside her and watched briefly as the young girl licked and
sucked at her mother's pussy.  As the excitement of this perverse
erotic sight overtook her, Maria crawled up between her mother's legs
and began to nurse on her big wet pussy like she had done so many
times in the past.
	"That's right my little slut," Issabella said as she slid her
ass forward giving Maria's hungry mouth better access.  "See this
young girl next to me eating her mother's pussy so skillfully.
Doesn't she look good with her face buried in her mother's pussy like
that?" Issabella said as she guided Maria's willing tongue around on
her pussy.  "She's no older than our little Annie, is she?  Would you
like to watch your little daughter eating pussy like that?"
	These things Issabella was saying about watching Annie do such
nasty things was really exciting Maria.  "Let me tell you my little
slut, it's a beautiful sight to look down between your legs and see
little Annie's young innocent face sucking on your pussy.  Especially
when her young virgin tongue licks your pussy as well as a skilled
pussy eater like you," Issabella said watching Maria's expressions.
	Maria's eyes grew with surprise and excitement as she listened
to her mother talk.  Was she serious about this experience she spoke
of?  Had her daughter really gone down on her own grandmother?  Maria
couldn't believe what her mother was saying.  She could just imagine
the wild sight of little Annie's face buried in Issabella's cunt.
Envisioning this scene drove Maria wild with excitement, yet gave her
a tinge of jealousy.  She herself had had several erotic thoughts
about her daughter in the past.  There had been several nights
dressing or bathing little Annie that Maria had to fight the urge to
touch and fondle her young supple body.
	"Now tell me my little slut, wouldn't you like to fuck your
own little daughter?" Issabella said encouraging.  "Huh?  Wouldn't you
like to train her in all the perverted way of our family?  You could
be her slutty mother and demonstrate to her how much of a slut you
really are?"  "Ohh, yes mam!" Maria answered into Issabella's pussy.
"Yes mam I'll service her body in anyway you'd like me to.  Please,
sexually humiliate me in the nastiest ways while she watches.  I'll
let her treat me like a slut too!"  Issabella again smiled with
satisfaction at hearing Maria's willingness to do anything she
commands.
	Janie eyes were wide with excitement and anticipation of what
was flowing through her mother perverted mind.  In her nasty
excitement, Issabella pulled Maria's head in tight to her crotch.
With her other hand she grabbed Janie by the hair, pulling her over
toward her, and slid her tongue into her mouth, in a lustful French
kiss.  Janie's hand began to vigorously rub at her own pussy, as her
mother's lustful passion made her swell with excitement.
	Issabella suddenly stopped kissing her and Janie could she her
mother's perverted wheels turning.  She gazed down at Maria's head
working around on her pussy then back up into Janie's eyes.   "Go fine
Annie," she said as she smiled with pleasure.
	Janie instantly got up and started looking around.  She then
began walking along the dimly lit couches until she spotted Annie.
There she was, lying on her back between the same two women, with her
legs pulled back over her head, and having a longneck beer bottle
rammed in and out of her ass by a third woman on the floor.  As Annie
was lying there getting fucked up the ass with a beer bottle, several
other women had gathered around to watch the show.  They were all
around her with their hands between their legs masturbating.  Janie
stood over the steamy scene in amazement.  She couldn't even believe
how skillfully and with such ease her little niece was buttfucking
that bottle.  Annie was rocking her ass back and forth in rhythm to
the pumping the woman on the floor was giving her ass.  She quietly
whimpered and her little body shuttered with each thrust of her beer
bottle lover.  As she laid there taking it up the ass, the two women
on her sides were licking her face and nipping at her nipples as they
fingered her wet childish pussy.
	Janie found herself dazed by the nasty sight of her niece on
the couch and almost forgot why she came over there.  She cleared her
voice and said, "Annie, come with me.  Your grandmother is ready for
you now."  Annie opened her eyes and looked up at her Aunt Janie
standing over her totally naked.  Her mind gradually cleared and she
slowly realized what her aunt had said.  Annie wondered with
excitement as to her grandmother 's desires.  Whatever it was, she
didn't want to miss it.   She reached down between her legs and pulled
the beer bottle out of her ass and stood up.  "Come with me Annie, and
don't be surprised at anything you see," Janie said as she took her
hand and led her toward Issabella's area.
 

Chapter 5


	As they walked up to raised area, Annie saw her grandmother
with her legs spread wide and a petite brunette eating her pussy.
"Come closer my little one so you can see our fun," Issabella said as
she motioned her closer.  With intense curiosity and eagerness to see
her grandmother's pussy up close once again, Annie stepped up and
knelt down beside the brunette.   Then Issabella said with a devious
smile, "Well Annie, how do you like watching your mother eat my
pussy?"  Just as these words left Issabella's mouth, Maria turned her
head toward Annie with a wild animal look in her eyes.  Her hair was
streaming down her face and her lips and chin were glistening with the
juices of her mother's pussy.  Annie jumped with a frightened
surprise.  Her first thought was what her mother would do to her -
catching her down here naked with all these other naked women.  Then
she realized that her mom was naked too and she was eat grandmother's
pussy as well.
	Without saying a word to Annie, Maria turned and looked up
lustfully at Issabella and said, "Anything.  Anything you want me to
do."  She then lowered her head and buried her face back in her
mother's pussy.
	"So what do you think about your mother now Annie?  She's
quite a slut, isn't she?" Issabella said as she watched Annie's gaze
at her mother change from fear to excitement.  Annie was soon consumed
with excitement as she slid her hand between her own legs while
watching her mother eat at the same pussy she herself was tasting only
a few hours ago.
	"Annie, move behind your mother and look at her beautiful ass.
Isn't it sexy?" Issabella said in admiration.  Annie crawled behind
her mom and stared into her crotch.  Her mother's pussy was glistening
with moisture and the hair around her pussy lips was matted with
wetness.  Her back was arched and her tight round ass was sticking
high into the air.  "Have you ever reamed another woman's asshole
before, Annie?" Issabella asked.  "No mam." Annie replied with excited
curiosity.  "I think you'll like this, my little one.  Watch the young
child next to you.  She'll show you how it's done." Issabella said.
	Annie turned to her right and began to watch intently.  By
this time, the young girl's mom had slid off the couch on to her knees
with her face on the couch.  Her back was arched and her titties were
just hanging off the edge of the couch.  The young girl was knelling
behind her mom and had both hands on her ass cheeks spreading them
apart.  In a slow rhythmic fashion, the young girl would lick down
onto her pussy, then up around the rim of her mom's asshole, then
drive her tongue deep into her mother's puckered ass.  With every
tongue fucking thrust the young girl's mother would whimper with
enjoyment.  Five or six times in and out of her ass she would drive
her tongue then back down to her pussy to start her technique all over
again.
	Annie had never seen anything this wild in all her life.  The
nastiness of this little girl and her oral technique of ass fucking
drove Annie wild.  She knew she just had to try it.  And she knew she
was going to get try it on her own mom.
	Annie spun around back toward her mom's ass and sighted in on
her asshole.  She wonder if she could make her mom feel as good as the
young girl was making her mom feel.  As another lustful rush from her
little pill and the sight of her mother's hot ass staring up at her
shot through her body, her focus turned from pleasing her mom to a raw
lusting desire just to taste her mother's asshole.
	Without anymore hesitation, Annie reached up and grabbed her
mother's ass cheeks spreading them apart, and began to lick at the
crack of her ass.  Up and down in long licking strokes she ran her
tongue.  As Annie did this, her mom began to really heat up.  She
could hear her mom's voice moaning into her grandmother's pussy.
	Issabella was getting really steamed up by what Annie had
begun to do to her mom.  She too wanted to feel a warm tongue in her
asshole.  With that thought in mind, Issabella slid her ass out to the
edge of the couch and raised her legs up over her head exposing her
asshole for her daughter's ease of access.  Maria's eyes gazed up to
her mom's in conformation of her perverse request.  Issabella nodded
for her to proceed.
	Just as Maria slid her tongue down to her mother's asshole,
Annie drove her tongue into Maria's rectum for the first time.  Maria
groaned with pleasure, then drove her tongue straight up her mother's
asshole.
	"Ohhhh yesss!  Fuck my asshole you little slut!  That's right
girls, tongue fuck your mothers' asshole," Issabella rasped.
	Annie was loving every probing thrust her little tongue was
making into her mother asshole.  Even the steamy smell of her mother's
asshole was making her hotter and hotter.  Down to her mother's sweet
tasting pussy and right back into her asshole, Annie's tongue danced.
Annie couldn't seem to satisfy this new asshole eating hunger she had
developed.  Deeper and deeper she drove her tongue, and harder and
harder her mom bucked back against her face.  Maria reached back
behind her and grabbed Annie by the back of her head and forced her
ass hard into her daughter's face.  "Ohhh suck my asshole, my little
slut child.  Suck mommie's ass and I'll suck yours anytime you want
it.  Ohhh yes, tongue fuck my ass like a good little slut!" Maria
begged as she pulled her own tongue from her own mother's ass.
	It was obvious all three women were about to burst into
flames.  In an effort to save her orgasm until later, Issabella
reached down grabbing her daughter's hair, pulling her head back and
her mouth away from her ass.  Raising her own head up, Issabella
watched the wild expressions on Maria's sweaty face as Annie continued
to tongue fuck her in the ass.  Maria's body was shaking as her
daughter continued to work at her asshole.
	As Issabella held her by the hair, Maria's eyes opened wide
with excitement.  "I've got to have more mommie!  You know how I like
much more.  Please, mommie let me have it again up my ass like I got
it the other day when you and I were behind the house, please!" Maria
begged.  "Please mommie, I'll do it in front of Annie.  I'll show her
how much of a perverted slut her mother really is!  Please!  I'll do
it in front of everybody this time..." she continued.
	"So, you'd like to do that again, would you?  In front of all
these women.  Even in front of your own daughter?" Issabella eagerly
questioned.  "Ohh, yes mam!  Anyway you want me to," Maria replied.
"Very well my little slut.  You just might prove yourself a worthy
slut after all," Issabella answered as she rubbed at her clit with
excitement.
	As Annie tongued at her mother's hot asshole she listened
carefully to this conversation and wondered what perverted nasty thing
her mother did with her grandmother behind the house.  Whatever it
was, just listening to them talk excited her even more.
	As Annie once again slid her tongue into her mother's rectum,
she suddenly felt her mom's hand pulling her face from of her asshole.
Her mom then turn around on her knees to face her and pulled her tight
in toward her.  Annie found herself face to face, tit to tit, and
pussy to pussy with her mom.  She could feel her mom's excited nipples
pressing against hers and the heat from her pussy pressing against her
almost hairless pussy.  She had never seen this wild lustful look in
her mother's eyes before.  This close firm way her mother was holding
her was beginning to excite Annie once again.  Suddenly Annie's mom
planted her lips on Annie's and began deeply French kissing her.  This
wild kiss from her mom really turned Annie on.  Annie reached down and
grabbed her mother ass cheeks.  She knew her mom could smell and tasty
her own asshole on her mouth, and she could tell this was really
turning her mother on.  Likewise, Annie was gladly sampling her
grandmother's ass as she sucked and licked at her mother's lips and
tongue.
	After Maria had licked her daughter's mouth and face clean of
any trace of the taste and smell of her ass, she stood up and turn to
Issabella with a pleading look in her eyes.  Issabella smiled and
turned to Josie and said, "Bring him out."
	Josie hopped right up and headed out a side door.  Everybody
in the room stopped their sexual play to she what was going to happen
next.
 

Chapter 6


	Shortly later, Josie returned leading a small horse in behind
her.  You could hear a pin drop in the room when she walked in.  As
she led the horse to the center of the room the silence gradually
turned to ahhhs and whispers.
	Josie tied off the horse on a single post that was curiously
mounted in the center of the room.  She then walked to the back of the
room, picked up a small padded bench, brought it back to the horse,
and set it down beside him.
	"Now my dear, prepare him for your sister," Issabella said.
At that command, Josie looked over at her sister and smiled as to say,
"Just watch me now".  In her sexy spiked heeled shoes, Josie squatted
down under the horse and grabbed his cock.  With her gaze still on
Maria, Josie began to pump the large cock with her hand.  Josie knew
it was exciting her little sister, seeing the horse's cock grow larger
and larger.  She watched as Maria's hand slid down to her clit and she
began to masturbate.
	Once the horse's large cock really began responding, and Josie
could tell she had her sister's full attention, she raised up the cock
and stuck it in her mouth.  With intense desire and hunger Josie began
to suck-off the large slimy horse cock.
	As she gradually pumped it deeper and deeper into her mouth,
she could see her little sister's eyes grow wide.  Jacking at the
horse's cock with her hand, she skillfully bobbed her head back and
forth, feeding her face with this massive tool.  Josie's knees were
spread apart and one hand was fingering her pussy while the other was
working the horse's cock.
	Issabella was of course deeply enjoying this show.  It really
turned her on to see one of her daughters being so nasty.  Issabella
could hear the little sounds from Josie's mouth as she began to take
the huge cock deeper and deeper into her throat.
	As Josie sucked harder and faster the horse began to pump his
cock into her face.  Josie's head began to bob back and forth with
every stroke the horse made.  Josie let go of the hard cock and grab
the horse's leg for stability, allowing the horse to face fuck her at
his own pace.  As the horse fed Josie his hot slimy meat, Josie
continued to watch her younger sister's lustful expressions.  Without
missing a stroke, Josie beckoned Maria to come over.
	Without hesitation Maria walked directly over and knelt beside
Josie.  Now that she was up close to the horse, his cock looked bigger
than ever.
	Josie reached up, wrapping her hand around the huge cock and
pulled it from her mouth.  As she continued to jack his cock with one
hand, Josie reached over grabbing Maria's head and French kissed her.
Maria could taste bitter sliminess of the horse's cock as Josie's
tongue darted around in her mouth.
	As Maria enjoyed the raunchy passion of her sister's wet kiss,
she suddenly felt a wet finger slide up her ass.  As tried to turn her
head to see who was giving her this pleasure, she could see Josie's
eyes glow with excitement.  Josie temporarily released Maria's head so
she could turn to look.  There, knelling behind her with a wild eyed
look on her face was her daughter Annie.  Maria watched over her
shoulder as her daughter delightfully finger fucked her asshole.
Maria smiled at Annie and arched her back raising her ass up slightly,
giving Annie full access to her asshole.  "Not just one baby.  Mommie
needs more than just one finger," Maria coached.
	With that request, Annie pulled her one finger out of her
mother's ass and stuck it along with two other fingers into her mouth
to wet them up good.  She then lowered them back to her mother's ass
and began to force them in.
	Maria's eyes rolled up and she moaned in pleasure as her
daughter's fingers began to slide their way up her ass.  "Oh yes baby!
Fuck momma's ass with those fingers," Maria exclaimed as Annie began
to finger fuck her ass harder and faster.  "You like finger fucking
your momma's asshole like that?" Maria questioned.  "Oh yea!  Give it
to me baby!  Fuck your anal slut mother up the ass!  That's the way I
love it!"  Maria began to rock her hips back and forth on Annie's
fingers as she licked her lips and stared lustfully back at her
daughter.  "Oh baby you've got me there now.  Keep pumpin my ass.
I'll do anything for anybody right now...  How would you like to see
your anal slut mother get fucked up the ass by this horse's cock?  I'm
ready... I need a cock that big up my ass right now!"  Maria hissed as
she turned back to watch Josie pumping the horse's cock.
	With that request, Josie reached over and grabbed the padded
bench and slid it up under the horse.  "Come on you little slut, let's
see if you can take this entire cock up your ass," Josie said.
	"Come close baby and watch mommie take it up the ass by this
horse," Maria said as she removed Annie's finger's from her ass and
crawled onto the bench.
	Josie continued to jack the horse's cock as she slid a couple
of fingers into Maria's ass and positioned her on the bench.  "Are you
ready for this big cock up your ass, you little slut?  Ready to let
your daughter watch her mom get fuck up the ass by a horse?  Who knows
what your little daughter might try on her own after watching you fuck
this horse," Josie teased as she pulled her fingers from her ass and
slapped her asscheek.  "Please don't tease me Josie, just stick it up
my ass," Maria begged.
	Josie then grabbed Maria's right asscheek while Annie grabbed
her left and they spread her waiting ass open wide.  Josie spit on
Maria's asshole for lubricant, then pulled the horse's cock down and
pressed it against her asshole.  With just a couple of good strokes,
Josie got the horse to start pumping his cock against her rectum.
	Annie's eyes grew as she watched her mother's tiny asshole
begin to stretch open under the pressure and accept the huge cock.
Josie slapped Maria on the ass and began to talk nasty to her.  She
knew from past experience, the more excited she got Maria, the larger
the object she could shove up her ass - and a good spanking and nasty
talk was exactly what Maria needed.
	"Ohhhh yyyeeesss!" Maria groaned as the horse's cock began to
slide into her ass.  Josie slapped her ass again and told her how
nasty she looked with that big cock sticking out of her ass.  "Yesss!
Ohhh, Fuck meeee!"  Maria exclaimed as the horse pulled back, then
drove in deeper.  "Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!" she moaned with each pounding
stroke the horse made.  "Yes!  I love it up my ass, and I love it when
it's big!"
	Annie couldn't believe the size of this cock that her mom was
taking up her ass.  With every stroke the horse drove his cock deeper
into her mother's ass.  Soon she was taking almost the whole length of
the horse's cock up her ass.
	Annie got up on her hands and knees and rested her face on the
side of her mother's ass cheek in order to get a close-up view of the
action.  She watched intently as the huge slimy horse dick buttfucked
her mom's ass.  Annie loved the sight she was seeing.  She could feel
the heat of the horse's body and smell the pungent mix of her mother's
ass and the sweaty horse.  She was in heaven watching this sight but
only wished her little asshole could take such a massive tool.
	 Suddenly Annie felt a warm wet tongue licking her crotch and
then something on her back.  When she turned her head to look, she saw
her aunt Janie standing beside her holding the end of a leash.  As she
turned her head further she saw at the other end of the leash a large
German Shepherd mounting her ass.  "We didn't want you to feel left
out," Janie said with a domineering voice.
	Annie didn't know what to think at first, she couldn't believe
she was about to be fucked by a dog.  As much as she was enjoying
watching her mother fuck this horse, she never thought about fucking
an animal herself.
	The dog instantly began to hump her.  His big cock quickly
found her sopping pussy and slid right in.  Annie gasped at his first
intrusion.  The thickness of the dog's cock soothed her aching pussy
as it began to drive its way into her virgin pussy.  Annie felt a rush
of excitement flood through her body as the dog fucked her pussy.  Her
body instinctively responded to this feeling.  Spreading her knees
apart further, she arched her back and pushed her pussy up for the
best access.
	As good as this dog's hot cock felt sliding in and out of her
pussy, she knew this wasn't what she really wanted.  What Annie really
wanted right now was to get a good buttfucking like her mom was
getting.
	Annie looked up at her aunt Janie and said, "Aunt Janie,
please stick his cock up my ass for me.  That's where I really want to
get fucked - in my ass."
	"My pleasure," Janie responded with a smile as she stepped
behind Annie and guided the dog's cock up to her asshole.
	Annie could feel the dog's cock pressing against her little
asshole.  She closed her eyes and relaxed, and in it came.  Annie's
eyes rolled back in her head as the dog's cock slammed full length
into her ass.  "Ohh yes big doggie fuck me!  Fuck my little ass and be
my first buttfucker," Annie whimpered with delight.  Faster and faster
the German Shepherd fucked Annie ass.  She knew after feeling this
ecstasy she would definitely be doing this again.
	With her eyes closed she could imagine being alone in her room
every night with several large dogs, letting them all fuck her up the
ass one at a time.  Or maybe she could go around her room sucking
their dicks, one at a time, like her aunt Josie was sucking that
horse.
	Annie gradually returned to her reality and opened her eyes.
She then lowered her head and looked down between her legs.  She could
see her aunt Janie sliding up between her legs and positioning herself
below her pussy.  Janie raised her head and with an out-stretched
tongue began to lick and suck the flowing juices from her pussy.  As
Annie moaned in ecstasy, Janie skillfully licked, sucked, and fingered
Annie young, almost hairless pussy.  Annie thought to her self, what
more could she ask for - she had a cock up her ass and her beautiful,
sexy aunt eating her pussy.
	Annie raised her head back to her mother's ass cheek and
continued to watch and enjoy the smells of sex in her mother's
buttfucking.  Once again these smells were turning her on and driving
her higher and higher in her perverted ecstasy.  She was becoming so
intently aroused that her head was getting dizzy.
	"Fuck that doggie my little slut!" Maria said as she watch the
dog humping her daughter's ass while her sister ate her pussy.
"That's it sis, suck her sweet baby pussy, and maybe she'll let her
buttfucking lover cum in your mouth," Maria blurted out wildly -
sexually crazed by the consuming anal ecstasy she was experiencing.
	"Tell me sis, what does my daughter's sweet young pussy taste
like?  I have often wondered.  Oh, maybe some night she'll let me suck
between her legs and taste her juices," Marie lewdly questioned as she
watched Annie's face grow more excited.
	"Oh, yes mommie!  Please come to my room at night and taste my
pussy!  Let me cum all over your pretty face.  Please come!  I'll let
you sit on my face and I'll suck your ass like I did for you a while
ago," Annie eagerly pleaded.
	Annie's filthy sexual offers pushed Maria over the edge.  "Oh
god I think I'm cumming!  Ohhh yeaaa!  Fuck my ass hard!"  Maria
shouted as she humped back against the massive cock in her ass.  She
could tell by his increased stroke that her animal was about to cum as
well.
	Annie was also starting to cum.  Janie sensed this and began
to lick and finger her pussy more and more vigorously.  Annie felt so
hot and horny she would do anything.  She was so excited feeling a
dog's cock up her ass as she watched and sniffed the smells of her
mother's anal splendor.
	"Oh mommie, I'm cumming too!  That horse's cock looks so good
pumping in and out of your ass.  Ohhh god, I'm so horny!  I'll do
anything you want me to do," Annie confessed as she stared lustfully
at the horse's cock.  She had but one perverted desire on her mind.
"Anything mommie!  Let me prove it to you!  Ask me mommie!  Just ask
me to do it and I will!"
	"Oh yes baby, I know what you want and need!  Do it!  Do it,
my little slut!  Go ahead, pull that cock out of my ass and suck it
off!  Suck off my anal cum and swallow his load!  Quickly now before
he cums," Maria said as she peaked her orgasm and began to cum.
	That was it.  Annie heard the command she wanted to hear. An
incredible rush of perverted lust overtook her as she reached forward
and pulled the massive cock from her mother's ass and stuck it
straight into her hungry little mouth.  The horse's cock was so big
she could only get a little more than the head in her mouth.  As soon
as she got the cock in her mouth and tasted her mother's ass, Annie
could feel herself starting to cum.  Annie vigorously pumped the
horse's cock with her hand and licked it up and down like she would a
popcycle.  As she licked and sucked the flavor of her mother's ass
from the huge cock, she could feel it swelling bigger and bigger.  She
realized the horse was also going to cum.
	Annie opened her mouth, held the horse's cock in front of her
face, and continued to pump it.  Suddenly the massive cock exploded
with its first load of cum, splashing Annie across the face.  Then
another load that hit Annie square in the mouth.  Annie closed her
mouth and swallowed the hot cum.  She then opened up again only to
catch the third load in her mouth and down her chin.  Annie wrapped
her lips around the head of the horse's cock and continued to pump his
slimy tool as she drank down the rest of his hot loads.
	Annie was really enjoying the taste of the horse's cum.  It
was such a wild experience, sucking off a horse while getting fucked
in the ass by a dog.  She could feel her ass muscles tighten and her
head spinning as she began to cum.
	"Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!" she moaned with every stroke of the dog's
cock and every wave of her orgasm.  On and on she came.  Wave after
wave of orgasm.  Annie was getting so light headed that she collapsed
to her elbows and eventually black out as the dog continued to fuck
her ass.

	The next morning Annie awoke in her bed.  As usual, she had a
finger in her ass, only this time she remember everything that
happened.

-- 
+--------------' Story submission `-+-' Moderator contact `------------+
| story-submit@qz.little-neck.ny.us | story-admin@qz.little-neck.ny.us |
| Archive site +--------------------+------------------+ Newsgroup FAQ |
\ <URL:http://www.netusa.net/~eli/erotica/assm/>    .../assm/faq.html> /
