
From ddail@efn.org Wed Oct 18 00:08:20 1995
From: rdtalbot@aol.com (RDTalbot)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: RDT: "Another Party" (MM cons. incest, infantilism, ws)
Date: 15 Oct 1995 05:57:05 -0400
Message-ID: <45qlth$ain@newsbf02.news.aol.com>
Reply-To: rdtalbot@aol.com (RDTalbot)

The following story is written for adult individuals who will not be
offended in reading about consenting adult characters who participate in
incest, infantilism, watersports, and so-called ‘gay behavior’ sex acts. 
The characters are fictional individuals with insignificant names.  The
locations are not intended to describe actual places on Earth.  To the
author’s knowledge, the scenes depicted have never occurred, nor should
they ever occur, in the real world off paper.  

This story is the property of R.D. Talbot, the author.  Permission is
granted to read and distribute this story as written.  Period.  No
permission is granted to plagiarize, modify, or otherwise change any
portion.

Copyright 1995 by R.D. Talbot.

MSWORD 6.0 file: talbot1.doc

  ANOTHER PARTY 

by R.D. Talbot 


        Larry Jensen didn’t want to be at work on the day before his
birthday.  He was eager to start the celebration, to be with his family. 
Ellen, his ex-wife, had called earlier in the week to check on the food
supplies.  Their oldest son, Brian, had arrived the previous night, as
expected, to finish last minute details for the party.  And Kevin promised
his dad he’d be at the house before noon.  Larry appreciated his family’s
efforts to make his birthday’s special.
        Larry checked his watch.  Twelve-twenty.  He couldn’t wait any
longer.  It was Friday, the party would be starting soon, and he didn’t
want to think about business anymore.  His law partner, Louie, and the
secretary would be taking an extended lunch, as usual.  Larry locked his
file cabinet, dropped a note for some typing on her desk, and left.
        Traffic was tight downtown, so Larry took side streets to reach
the bridge.  He took the Northberry Exit, bypassing the new subdivisions. 
As the oak tree population increased, Larry lowered his window to smell
the wooded air of an autumn day.  Living rural pleased Larry, and he
didn’t mind the commute.  
        At Dove Creek, he turned right, then right again.  Up ahead, the
security guard recognized Larry’s silver BMW and opened the wrought iron
gates early.  
        He drove past Mallard Road because he wanted to get extra supplies
at Colby’s Store before going home.  Hank Colby kept the shed behind his
swimming pool well-stock with goods ordered by wholesale catalog from New
York City.  Hank sold everything to Dove Creek residents with a modest,
neighborly markup.  
        Larry paid Hank in cash, loaded the packages into the trunk, and
headed for home on Mallard Road.  
        Kevin’s motorcycle, the gift he had chosen for his nineteenth
birthday last April, was parked at the back of the garage.  As he walked
by the bike, Larry noticed that Kevin had left the key in the ignition. 
Larry smiled, taking the key.  How good, he thought, that his little boy
had been so bad.
        Ellen, standing in the kitchen wearing a skimpy satin robe,
greeted Larry with open arms.  Her breasts were huge and partially
visible, and Larry admired them briefly before hugging her, his ex-wife. 
After a minute, their lips met for a moist kiss, Ellen initiating the
tongue action.  The sound of throat clearing interrupted them, and both
turned to see Martin, also wearing a satin robe, leaning on the counter
behind them.
        Ellen released Larry and went to Martin, kissing the muscular
man’s cheek.  She said, “Don’t you be a jealous husband, snookums.  Larry
is the birthday boy!”
        “I know, I know,” Martin said impatiently to his wife, as if
insulted that she would imply he’d be jealous.  “Happy Birthday, Larry!”
        “Thanks!  Glad you could make it.”  Larry wiped his mouth and
loosened his tie.  He took a deep breath, then slowly asked, “Um, so how
is Kyle doing?”
        Martin gave a loud laugh.  Ellen giggled and hugged Larry again. 
“Oh, Larry, don’t worry none,” she said softly.  “Baby Kyle’s staying with
his grandparents this weekend.  Martin’s mother is thrilled to spend time
with her newest grandson.”
        Larry felt his whole body relax.  Indeed, he wanted Ellen and
Martin to help celebrate his birthday.  And while he had nothing against
their son, the last thing Larry wanted was Kyle around.  It would
virtually wreck the weekend.  Although, he had to admit, his ex-wife
having had another child at forty-three was providing an added thrill to
the weekend.
        Martin winked.  “Mommy and me got your little one started
upstairs.  He’s probably ready for his Daddy to take over!”
        Larry took off his jacket, left it on the banister, as he bounded
up the stairs.  He mind was spinning.  This was the second family party
that Kevin had been involved in, the first being his brother Brian’s
twenty-first birthday bash just two months earlier, in the heat of the
summer.
        Larry gasped after opening the door to Kevin’s old bedroom.  It
was so exciting.  Kevin and Brian, mostly Brian, had obviously been busy
getting things ready.  It was better than Larry had imagined.  The twin
bed was gone.  The posters of half-clad women, of singing superstars, of
favorite sports teams, they were all gone.  
        Larry ran his hand over the soft mat on the changing table.  He
toyed with the yarn hair of a naked male doll sitting on the shelf above,
the shelf that used to hold books instead of the lotion and wipes now
there.  A brand new terry-cotton sleeper was folded over the oak railing
of the crib.  Larry was amazed at the transition the room had taken, how
the scent of baby powder filling the room seemed so normal.
        The door to the bathroom, a bathroom that joined Kevin and Brian’s
old rooms, was ajar.  Larry opened the door slowly.
        “Well, hello there,” Larry said to his youngest son.  The young
man was sitting naked in the empty tub, his head down, his hands cupped
over his genitals.  Larry was pleased he wasn't able to cover everything. 
“Did Martin get you ready for your bath, huh?”  
        Kevin nodded a little, but didn’t look up, he didn’t respond
orally.  Larry could tell the young man’s breathing was getting heavier
with each breath, that he was obviously uncomfortable with situation. 
Larry enjoyed seeing him nervous like this.
        He walked slowly toward his son, rolling his sleeves.  He hadn’t
seen Kevin much since the semester started, and not without clothes since
Brian’s party weekend.  And that had been the first time in more than
sixteen years.  He was in awe of the kid’s perfect skin, lightly tanned
and shaved smooth except of his dark head of hair same color as Larry’s. 
        
        The tub glistened with water drops, as did Kevin’s thighs.  A
douche bag and nozzle hung from the showerhead.
        Larry knelt next to the tub and gently caressed his son’s
shoulder.  “Martin gave you an enema?”
        Kevin nodded, squirmed slightly.  “Four washes,” he said softly,
still without looking up, his hands still trying to cover his personal
area.
        “Did it feel good?”
        Kevin didn’t move, didn’t speak.
        “Well, sounds like you’re clean on the inside, now Daddy’s going
to clean your outside.  Pull your legs back a little, I don’t want to burn
you.”  Larry reached over and turned on the faucet.  Kevin shivered until
his father adjusted the water temperature.  Stopping the drain at  an inch
full of water, Larry closed the faucet, soaped a bath sponge, and began
lathering Kevin’s chest and arms.  Kevin sat rigid, his breathing still
heavy.  
        It wasn’t as if his father hadn’t seen him naked before, been up
close and intimate.  He had been a wonderful brother, playing a major
participant in satisfying Brian’s fantasies.  Larry was pleased, excited
actually, to see that Kevin’s shyness had survived for his birthday as
well, survived to satisfy fatherly fantasies.
        After a couple minutes, Larry lathered over his son’s cupped
hands, easing them off to expose things.  Kevin clasped his hands at his
chest while his father worked on his cock, balls, and thighs.
        Larry washed the area quickly, only briefly lingering with a soapy
hand over the stiffening shaft.  Kevin’s penis was plump, slightly rigid,
but not erect.  Larry fought the urge the masturbate his son, to make him
hard and milk his juice.  But anticipation was Larry’s thrill in the game.
   
        After rinsing the boy using the detachable shower head, Larry
helped him stand, and dried him.  Kevin stood rigid as his father wiped
him everywhere.
        In the bedroom, Kevin on the changing table with his legs bent,
Larry started talking in a higher pitched voice, asking Kevin if he was
ready to go pee-pee for his Daddy.  When Kevin nodded, Larry told him he
was a good boy, and bent quickly to kiss his son’s penis.  Then he gave
him the naked doll to hold while he rubbed powder over his bottom.  
Kevin’s dick began to drip precum.  Suddenly, Larry couldn’t help himself.
 He hands still powdery, he clutched Kevin’s testicles with one hand, the
hardening shaft with the other and began pumping, slow at first, rougher
as Kevin’s shaft responded.
        “Do you love your dolly?”
        Kevin didn’t answer.  His breaths short, his legs rigid, he was
barely holding the naked doll to his chest as his father milked him
faster.
        Larry pinched hard on the boy’s balls.  Kevin yelped.  Larry
continued pumping.  “I asked you, baby, do you love your dolly?!”
        Kevin nodded, groaning with pleasure.  “Um huh,” he said between
gasps.
        Larry pinched him again.  “Show me you love your dolly!”
        The young man writhed from the brief pain, then clutched the doll
tight with both hands.  His father worked him a little more, then let go
of him and laughed.  
        Kevin wiggled his hips, his body still wanting to be milked.  He
grabbed himself and started to thrust.  
        Larry slapped his at hand and crotch.  “No!  Bad baby!”
        Kevin didn’t stop, so Larry slapped once more, harder this time. 
        It took another hit to have Kevin again embrace the doll with both
hands.  Larry unfolded an adult-sized disposable diaper.  Kevin lifted his
hips, letting Larry slide the diaper under him.
        Folding the sides to tape, he asked, “What do you have to say for
yourself, baby?”
        Kevin swallowed before answering.  “Sorry.”
        “And?”
        Kevin looked puzzled.  “I was bad...so I need to be punished?”
        “That’s right.  And what else do you have to say to me?”
        “And Happy Birthday, Daddy.”  
        “Good boy!”  His father smirked, pulling his son’s motorcycle key
from his pocket.  “Look what Daddy found.  Another bad thing that baby
Kevin did.”


        
                                                     ---


        Larry held Kevin’s hand going down the stairs.  Kevin was wearing
the pale-blue sleeper, bulging from the diaper, and had a pacifier in his
mouth.  Ellen, always a camera hound, snapped a few pictures as the two
entered the formal living room.
        Brian, wet hair with a towel wrapped around his waist, was sitting
on his stepfather’s lap on one of the sofas.  Larry smiled when he saw
that Martin’s hand was underneath the towel, working at his oldest son’s
crotch.  
        Ellen took Kevin’s hand, led him to the quilt that was laid on the
floor in front of the brick fireplace.  The quilt was Larry’s favorite,
the one Brian had used most in the past couple years.  Ellen had sewn the
quilt herself back when her nephew, Josh, helped the family celebrate
adult birthdays.  She mixed fabric replicas of various toys throughout and
added embroidered sayings:  Daddy’s Boy, Mommy’s Boy, and Pee-Pee Boy.
        The quilt hadn’t been used for Brian’s last party, Kevin’s first. 
And things like these were stored in the basement, locked out of sight. 
It was first time Kevin had seen it.  He stared at the words on the quilt,
his eyes glazed in disbelief.  The pacifier nearly dropped from his lips. 
Ellen and Larry exchanged smiles.  She gently reassured her son that
everything was how it should be, how Daddy wanted it.  She guided him to
his knees, and finally to his stomach, head turned so all could see his
face as he sucked the pacifier.
        Larry sat on the sofa opposite Martin and Brian.  Martin lifted
the towel to show Larry his oldest son’s erection.  Larry motioned Brian
to come lay across his lap, belly down.
        Brian was careful to put his penis where his Daddy could feel it
poking at his thigh.  He knew how to please his Daddy.  Larry lifted the
towel and began fingering his son’s rectum.  
        Brian moaned appreciatively.  He looked over his shoulder and
whispered, “Happy Birthday, Daddy.”
        “Thank you, baby,” Larry said pushing three fingers into Brian’s
hole, making the young man moan again.  “I can tell Martin cleaned you out
real well.”
        “Yes, Daddy.”
        “That’s good ‘cause, you know, your brother was a bad boy today. 
Twice, in fact.  And Daddy is going to have to punish him.  Do you want to
help Daddy punish your baby brother?”
        “Yes, Daddy.”
        “Good boy, Brian, wanting to help Daddy!”  Larry pushed his son
off his lap, unzipped his pants, and pulled his semi-erect cock into view.
 Brian, on his knees, instinctively went to licking it.  Larry ordered him
to make it wetter, which the boy did.  “Ellen, honey, would you mind
getting me a beer?”
        Ellen disappeared to the kitchen, returned within seconds with a
video camera and a beer.  “Happy punishing, Birthday Boy!”
        Larry smiled, opened the beer.  Brian kept sucking dick while his
father drank the beer.  Ellen and Martin were occupied necking on the
other sofa, but kept their eyes partly on Brian sucking his father.
        Abruptly, Larry set down the beer.  “I’m ready!  Time to get your
ass up, boy!”  With that, Brian crawled onto the sofa, his butt held high.
 Larry knelt behind him, straddling his crack, and tried to nudge his cock
into his son’s tight ass.  It wouldn’t slip in past the head, so he spit
into his hand and moistened his shaft more.  After a few more attempts,
Larry made it completely inside.  
        Brian gasped, giving a cry of relief.  And then his Daddy started
fucking him, hard.  
        Martin and Ellen quit kissing to watch.  Kevin stopped sucking at
the pacifier to see the show.  Finally, Martin walked over to Kevin and
made him get off the quilt.  He made Kevin sit on the floor, next to the
sofa, to get a close look at the action.
        Between thrusts, Larry yelled, “Brian...tell your...baby
brother...what bad...little boys...have to do...to be punished!”
        Brian groaned the answer.  “Clean...ass.”
        “That’s right!...Kevin...are you...ready...to clean...a messy
ass?”
        The younger boy sat motionless, didn’t reply.  Ellen was filming
him, the fucking action clear in the shot.  Martin, obviously remembering
the young man’s reaction at Brian’s party, a momentary hesitation to
participate, grabbed Kevin by the hair to prepare for a possible struggle.
 Of course, Kevin definitely wanted to please his family, especially his
father.  And he knew he could always quit the party whenever he wanted. 
But Martin knew the boy’s reluctance to enjoy some aspects of the
celebration only lasted until he got into it, got into the pleasure of
giving the gift of himself.  Martin was ready to assist, if necessary, in
making the game easier to start.
        Larry ejaculated, pulling back a little to let part of the cum
ooze out Brian’s hole and down his crack.  
        Kevin didn’t struggle this time, allowing Martin to push his face
toward his brother’s dripping ass.  Ellen zoomed in as Kevin’s mouth came
closer to tasting the cum.  
        Larry took over from Martin, gently grabbing Kevin’s hair.
        Martin grabbed Brian’s cheeks, spreading them wider to make the
puckered hole more convenient to suck, more visible to Ellen’s lens. 
        Larry spoke into Kevin’s ear.  “Lick it while it’s fresh, baby! 
Get that tongue out there!”
        Kevin, doing as his Daddy said, stuck out his tongue, touching it
below the seeping cavity.  He moved slowly up the crack, his tongue
collecting cum.  Brian wiggled, the light contact evidently tickling him. 
        “Clean it all,” Larry said, easing the boy’s face closer.  “Let’s
see you suck it out.”
        Kevin opened his mouth wider, wrapping his lips over the hole. 
His jaw and lips began to pulsate, feeding at the fleshy pacifier.  
        Larry, caressing his son’s hair, couldn’t help smiling.  The faint
sucking sounds were a perfect birthday symphony.
          

                                                       ---

        
        Martin hugged Brian at the waist before poking an anal plug into
the young man’s freshly rimmed hole.  Brian was a little unsteady, with
his penis erect and dribbling precum, his rectum tender.  Martin helped
him off the sofa, guiding him to lie on the quilt in front of the hearth.
        Larry, his thick penis dangling from his open fly, kissed Kevin’s
forehead, straightened the collar on his cotton sleeper, then pulled the
boy close for a bear hug, whispering into his ear, “Is my bad little boy
thirsty after eating Daddy’s cum?”
        Larry felt his son’s heart beat faster next to his.  Larry knew
the young man understood where the fantasy would lead, and his own groin
began to tingle in confident expectation that Kevin would agree to satisfy
his father’s desire.  Larry delighted in his ability to control himself,
to feed his piss as a woman feeds her milk, slowly and in a suckled
stream.  Larry had practiced his skill of releasing himself in small
squirts on Ellen’s nephews, becoming quite proficient well before using it
to nurse urine to Brian, and soon to his youngest son, Kevin, the shy yet
willing to please lad sitting in front of him.
        Larry sat down, releasing Kevin to sit on the carpet facing the
older man’s crotch.  Staring at his ex-wife’s breasts, he said, “I can see
you’re ready to nurse him yourself.  Mind if I go first?”
        Ellen smiled.  “No problem.  It’s your birthday!”
        Larry and Martin chuckled immediately.
        “Enjoy your son first,” she said.  “Martin and I have plans for
the baby later.”
        Martin gave a wry smile.  And Ellen, as usual, began handling
details, giving Larry a cloth diaper to hold beneath Kevin’s chin during
the feeding, in case he had to spit up.  
        She also gave Martin an empty baby bottle, no doubt remembering
that Larry liked to watch Brian drink other men’s piss.  She must have
figured Larry would want to keep the excitement going after nursing Kevin,
want to follow-up by bottle feeding Brian his step-father’s piss.  
        Larry laughed approvingly.  He did like to watch Brian drink
Martin’s and, especially, his law partner Louie’s piss, hear Brian say how
he enjoyed the flavor, but then add how much better Daddy’s pee-pee
tasted.  He was pleased to see Ellen now putting a disposable diaper on
Brian, to complete the effect.
        Attention back to the son in front of him, Larry nuzzled the cloth
diaper under the young man’s soft chin with one hand, easing the baby’s
head forward.  Using the other hand, he tapped his fingers on Kevin’s
mouth, indicating it was time to open up for his Daddy.  Kevin hesitated
in opening his mouth.  Martin appeared ready to stand, perhaps to move to
help Kevin get started in Larry’s current birthday fantasy.
        Larry motioned for Martin to stay back when he saw that tears were
welling up in his son’s dark brown eyes.  Kevin was quiet, but a tear
rolled down his cheek, flowing off his chin and landing on the diaper. 
Another tear followed, and, although Kevin made no sound, his face became
flushed as a third drop fell.
        Larry bent to kiss the top of Kevin’s head.  He asked him softly,
“Kevin, do you want to do this?”
        His son nodded a little.
        “It’s okay if you don’t want to.  Are you sure?”
        Another nod.  But Larry noticed another tear fall, and started to
pull back.  The next moment, Kevin had opened his mouth, taken his father
in.  Tears continued to silently fall, and yet Kevin was beginning to
suckle.
        Larry released a small squirt of urine into his son’s mouth. 
Kevin stopped nursing, did not swallow, but looked into his father’s eyes.
 Larry waited for a response, yea or nay.
        The answer came.  Kevin’s mouth tightened around the head of his
father’s penis.  Larry felt the pull of a deep suck.  He gratefully
obliged his son with another sip.
        Kevin swallowed quickly, and then spoke, in a voice as clear as
possible with a mouth full of cock, “Happy Birthday, Daddy.”
   
                
          
--------------------------------------

Comments?  General or specific, pro or con:  E-mail RDTalbot (AOL).      
        


