The Apartment - A Story of Betrayal
by: Stroker    This story may be distributed
Ace            electronically provided it is
                complete, unaltered and with
                  this statement intact. The
                 author maintains all rights
                              to this story.
                         ) 1994, Stroker Ace
                                            
WARNING
The "Apartment - A Story of Betrayal," is about
non-consentual sexual activity.  It is not
intended for those that are easily offended.  If
you are in doubt, do yourself a favor and move-on
now.

If you are easily influenced by what you read and
watch or if you tend to imitate the latest episode
of Bevis and Butthead, then you better hit the "N"
key now or be prepared to spend the next 15 - 30
years doing the tango with the boys in the state
prison.

What follows is a fictionalized account of an
actual event, created from public records.  All
the major elements of the story are true, proving
once again that truth is stranger than fiction.
Identities and locations have been changed to
protect the guilty.


           "No absolute can make the lion lie down
               with the lamb, unless he is already
                                          inside."
                                  - D. H. Lawrence



There is a tendency, in stories such as this,
to down-play or even ignore the effects of
violence.  There is also an inclination to
show the victim slowly beginning to like and
even desire abusive treatment.  This is
understandable, since the victim, usually
female is forced by the very personal nature
of the attack to speak of and even bargain
for better treatment. This is often mistaken
for cooperation.  This story attempts to
treat these topics honestly.  Understanding
the effects of violence may help to reduce
these crimes.

And now, without further ado....


Chapter 1

It starts earlier on Friday's and builds quickly
to euphoria. By mid afternoon, everyone is relaxed
and looking forward to the weekend.  This was a
good day at the city school book depository, all
the shipments were completed, new inventory had
been cataloged by noon.  There is time to talk
about boy and girlfriends, shopping, plans for the
weekend and all the things that occupy a young
girl's day.

Johnny Barro threw the old yellow fork lift in
reverse while it was still traveling forward.  The
slick tires spun for a second, leaving yet another
black streak on the dirty floor.  Johnny hollered
"Miller time" to no one in particular.  He jumped
off and strutted over to the offices, while
stretching his back not unlike a cat.

Adjusting his Rockys cap, over a thinning hair
line, John went over to the computer room where
the two girls worked. Ashley, tall and pretty, was
busy entering numbers on a keypad at lightning
speed.  Susan, the second girl, spun around from
her terminal to greet him with a smile, her long
light blond hair flowing around her.

"Hi Johnny, ready for the weekend?"

"I am always ready!  Tonight is our final
rehearsal, I am really looking forward to it," he
said.

"Dress rehearsal?  For what?", Ashley asked as she
leaned forward to turn the computer screen off.

"Oh, haven't you seen the flyers I put on the
bulletin board?  I am producing an amateur talent
show.  You know how I love acting.  I am always
looking for an gig.  I got this idea to make a
video of myself and other aspiring performers,
then show it around to all the casting directors.
The best part is that the ticket sales will cover
the price of renting the studio.  Then I'll just
sit back and wait for the phone to ring."  He sat
on the edge of Susan's desk and leaned back with
his arms folded across his chest.

Ashley laughed at the image of him waiting for the
phone to ring with his big acting break.  She knew
that Johnny lived for roles in the theater.  Over
his desk he had a picture of himself with the cast
of one of the big daytime soap operas. Another
picture showed him with Victoria Principal.  In
the picture, he leaned towards her, dressed in a
tuxedo, obviously taken at a cast party.  He was
much younger in the picture.

"What are you going to do in the video?" she
asked.

"Oh I am not going to tell," he said good
naturedly.  "You will have to buy the video," he
laughed.  "I can tell you that George, from
shipping will be in it.  He's doing a guitar
solo."

"You got George to play," she said, unable to hide
her disbelief.  "He's so quiet.  I would have
never guessed that he is a musician.  It just
shows how little we know of each others private
lives.  Who else did you get?"

"That's all from good old city book depository.
But I have eight other performers, including two
ballerinas."  He got up and parodied a ballerina's
turn on tip toe, to the laughter of both girls.
"It's going to be great.  Would you and Susan like
to attend the rehearsal?  Its no charge...."

Ashley glanced at her friend.  They had worked
together for the last three months and had become
close relying on each other's sense of humor to
get through the busy days.  Johnny had been
talking to everyone about his talent video for the
last month.  He had even made a flyer that he
posted on every bulletin board.  Many people from
the office were planning to attend the taping.

"It will be immediately after work, won't take
more than an hour," he added.

"Yes, we would like to stop by," Ashley said for
the two girls.

"For a couple of minutes," Susan added.

"Good. We can take my car and I will drop you
off at the parking lot by six.  You will have
plenty of time to get home before dark.  I'll
get George.  Meet you in the parking lot."

* * *

"I have an apartment on the third floor.  I hope
you girls don't mind, but George left his favorite
guitar at my place."  Johnny punched George
playfully on the arm, as if to say it was all his
fault.

Ashley looked at George.  He was always so quiet,
only talking when he had to or when you asked him
about music.  Then he would come alive.  In low
heels she was slightly taller than him.  She knew
from the office that it made him uncomfortable to
look up at a woman.  Ashley had noticed that in
other men.  Men would go wild over her long legs
but be upset when she was taller when wearing
heels.  He was always polite with a reserved
friendliness.  She wondered if he had a
girlfriend.

The elevator doors open to a narrow but well-lit
hallway.  The walls had looked as if they had been
cleaned many times but could use another cleaning.
Small hand prints could still be seen on the
walls.  A small child's voice is heard over the
sound of a blearing television, as Ashley passes a
door.

They reached the apartment at the end of the hall.
Johnny invited them in to the living room.  He
gestured to a small kitchen to one side.  "Have a
drink, this will just take a moment," with that
the men disappeared into another room.

Ashley sat at the small table in the kitchen while
Susan poured a glass of water from the tap.  Susan
was on an another diet, trying to lose ten pounds
even though Ashley assured her that she did not
need it.  She just had a soft full figure, that
she accented with beautiful waist long, naturally
blond hair.

The young ladies complemented each other well.
They were both twenty-two and single.  But there,
the similarity ended.  While Susan had a full
figure, Ashley had a dancer's thin, tall body.
They shared a dream of saving their money to open
a little dress making business. Ashley had even
gotten Susan to join her in taking night courses
at the local college in fashion design.  They
dreamed of opening a little but very chick
boutique someday.

"Ash, maybe we should go?"

"When he comes back, we'll leave."

George returned to the kitchen and took a long
neck beer from the refrigerator.

"Where is Johnny? We better hurry," Susan warned.
"I have to get to the store."

"There's no hurry, we have all night." George said
quietly.

Ashley clutched her purse and went into the living
room, but Johnny had already locked the door.

Chapter 2

The two locks on the door were not enough for
Johnny.  He propped a chair under the door knob
for added security.

"Listen, we have to go now!", Ashley said
urgently.

Susan ran out into the living room were George
caught up with her.  He grabbed her around the
waist and put his hand over her mouth.

"You are not going anywhere," Johnny said, he felt
the waistband of her underwear under his hand as
her pressed her stomach, holding her tightly to
him.  He ground his hips against her backside as
she struggled.

Taken by surprise, Ashley stumbled backwards into
Susan.  George shoved her hard into John's grip.

Johnny held her in a tight neck lock with his left
hand.  Ashley found herself pulled close to him,
her head locked into his shoulder.

With his other hand he patted a dresser drawer by
the door.  "Don't make me use this gun," he said
to Susan.

Ashley pulled against him with all her strength.

"Let me go!  I can't breathe," she gasped.

"Are you going to be good to me and my friend?",
Johnny asked.

"You bastards, let me go!", with that Ashley let
out a piercing scream.

Susan renewed her struggles, biting hard into the
fleshy portion of George's hand, his cry adding to
the noise from Ashley.  A lamp went crashing to
the floor.

Johnny picked up coat hanger from a chair and hit
Ashley with all his might on her buttocks.  The
wire coat hanger was completely ineffectual,
bending with the hit.  Ashley caught enough of a
breath to scream again.

George was starting to panic, his hand was
bleeding, and it was all he could do to hold on to
the struggling Susan.  The noise was too much for
even this easy going apartment.  It was bound to
cause unwanted attention.

"Shut her up, shut her up," he shouted. Susan
screams muffled in his hand..

Johnny dragged Ashley kicking and screaming into
the kitchen.  He turned up the flame on the dirty
gas stove and held the coat hanger to the flame.
Ashley with her face buried in his struggled
blindly for each breath.  She tried again to land
a knee to his groin, but caught his inner thigh
instead.

Johnny winced, "You bitch."

With his free hand he pulled up her skirt to where
he could reach it with the other hand.  Taking the
coat hanger from the flame he pressed the wire
across the cheeks of her ass.  The thin wire
quickly cooling against the girl's flesh.  Ashley
snapped straight, breaking free of the neck hold,
both hands to her behind.  It caught her out of
breath, between screams. She was frozen in shock,
her lips drawn back, eyes wide open, shoulders
thrown back.  Her white blouse stretched tightly
against her breasts, the lace on her bra clearly
visible. White on white.  Ashley, in shock, gasped
for breath, her mouth open wide without sound,
arms flapping.

John pinned her shoulders against the kitchen
wall.   Spinning her around he examined her
backside.  The thin nylon panties melted where it
meet the hot wire, curving as the wire bent.  He
could see the pink line grow into a light red.  In
a few minutes it would be a dark red.  The burn
ran across both cheeks, curving around the far
side interrupted by the crack of her rear.  Dark
brown of the burnt synthetic framed the tender
flesh.  The bikinis kept their shape, stretching
tightly across her rear, vanishing to a thin strip
as it disappeared toward the front.  Ashley hopped
from one leg to another. Even with her hands free
she was afraid to touch her own body where Johns
hand so freely roamed.  It was incredibly erotic.
John felt his erection throbbing like a horny
teenager.  She was his.

"Bring Susan over here," John commanded, his power
absolute.

Susan had seen the wire being heated but was
unable to warn her friend.  Now she saw the hanger
being put back into the flame.

"No. No. Not me.  I'll be good.  Please don't hurt
me!"  The words just came out.  Susan was unaware
that she said them.

"That's better.  Let her go," Johnny said.
"Beautiful Ashley, do you want another?", Johnny
slowly waved the wire hanger in front of her face.
"It will be your face next.  What's that?  I can't
hear you."

"No. Not again," Ashley cried.

"Are you going to be a good girl?  Speak up bitch!
Are you going to be good?"

"Yes, I'll be good," she sobbed quietly, tears
streaming down her cheeks.

Chapter 3

"The both of you stand over there," he said,
pointing to the slightly bigger living room.
George turned on a battered old stereo.

Susan took Ashley's hand and walked slowly into
the living room.

"Now if you both are good, no one will get hurt,"
George said.

"It's easy, I tell you what to do, and you do it,"
Johnny added as he took Ashley by the shoulders.
He took his hands and slowly slid them down the
front of her white silk blouse.

Ashley found herself backing away, but he pulled
her back.  His hands roughly and quickly squeezed
her breasts through the blouse.  His face was
intent on her body, a grin frozen in place.  She
felt his hand went under the waistband of her
skirt, probing for her sex through her underwear.
His hand was held tightly to her body by the
waistband of the skirt.  He could feel her pointy
hip bones and the flatness where others had a soft
stomach.  Roughly he grabbed the waistband and
pulled the skirt down around her ankles in one
motion.  His hand entered her panties and rubbed
her bush before finding and parting her sex..  She
froze every muscle of her body, intent on not
showing the slightest response, deciding to deny
him that pleasure.

If John noticed he didn't show it.  He continued
his examination of her body. In heels Ashley was
eye to eye with him.  She willed her eyes to be
cold and hard as she starred to his eyes.  She
knew that the tears streaming down her face ruined
the effect, turning her defiance in to another
vulnerability. The moment she realized that, she
had to look down, unwilling to surrender but
retreating inwards, waiting for the crucial battle
that was sure to follow.

 The victor, John, took possession of her face.
He gently wiped away a tear running a cheek,
continuing on to push her thick auburn hair back
over her shoulder.  He enjoyed the way she
twitched at his touch, so he ran his index finger
around her lips, wiping her lipstick off on the
tip of her little upturned nose, giving a comical
appearance to a gorgeous face. She automatically
moved to wipe her nose, but he  swiped her hand
away.  Strong fingers clamped on her shoulder.

Ashley realized that her fingers were digging into
her palms.  She pressed her open hands against her
thighs to keep them steady.

John raised her chin, with a finger, and kissed
her with an open mouth.  He laughed at the
twitching as she clamped her mouth shut.  Her
whole body shivering with the effort.

Turning her around he examined her backside.  The
panties had protected her from the worst of the
branding   The mark was now dark red, visible
through the partially burnt panties.  While still
holding Susan, George reached over with one hand
and traced the burn mark from her milky white
bottom, to where her tan started on her other leg,
curving back upon itself.  The burn faded out
where her underwear had protected her.  He ran a
finger nail over the line where the delicate pink
material had been scorched.  Touching the burn
made her jump, taking both men by surprise.
Johnny took her by the shoulder and forced her to
turn her back side to them again.  Pushing her
hands away and did the same thing this time, while
griping her hard by her left shoulder.  Unable to
pull away she could only cry out.

Her face exploded with pain.  Johnny slapped her
hard across the mouth with his right hand spinning
her head around.  He pushed her backwards on to
the old couch, both hands digging into the soft
flesh of her neck.

"Shut up, bitch.  Don't make a sound, understand?
Do you understand?"

Ashley nodded, desperately pushing at his strong
hands on her throat.  She was angled with the
small of her back on the seat of the couch, her
head on the upper cushion.  Both legs together,
straight out and tangled up in her skirt.  She
kicked the heels off, the sudden push backwards
having twisted her ankle.

"You belong to me now.  Just do what I tell you
and you wont get hurt.  Understand bitch?", he
said waiting for another nod from the terrified
girl.

"Now take that off," he said, pulling at the
blouse.

With eyes full of tears she tried to raise the
blouse over her head but could not pull it from
under her.  Johnny reached down and snapped it
over her head.  A button flew across the room.  He
removed the bra the same way, over her head, not
bothering with the snaps between the cups.  She
stretched out before him, naked, breasts heaving
with each quick breath.  A gold cross lay in the
valley between milky white breasts.  Holding her
wrists in the air he tongued each nipple, feeling
them become diamond hard even while she whimpered.
For the first time he smiled.  Taking his thumb
and forefinger he snapped each one several times,
controlling Ashley with an iron grip on her
wrists.  With each painful snap, her face would
tighten, giving a brief flash of perfectly formed
jewel white teeth.

Ashley looked over her shoulder at Susan.  George,
had torn the buttons off her print blouse and
shoved the bra up around her neck.  Susan was
protecting her breast with her hands.  George
would pull them away to feel her nipples, and she
would put them back.

Johnny felt her through her panties, then in
frustration pulled the pink panties down to join
her skirt around her ankles.  He opened her legs
as far as they would go then probed her, admiring
the narrow band of closely cropped pubic hair.

"Look at this, almost clean shaven," John was
stroking her golden brown pubic pelt, excited as a
little boy with his new toy.

George came over to admire her.  He kicked at the
skirt still bunched around her ankles, making it
clear that she was to take them off.  Still angled
on the couch, holding her back straight, she
kicked them free.

Her legs were long with slim thighs, strong from
five years of high diving competition in Jr.
College and earlier in high school.  She kept her
private area trimmed closely for the thinly made
light weight diving suits used in competition.
Her hips were slim with a shapely waist, beautiful
skin accented by abrupt tan lines.

Lets see what the other bitch has," John chuckled.

George ordered Susan to do a striptease. She stood
with her blouse open, bra bunched around her neck,
both hands pressed flat between her legs.  She
sobbed uncontrollably,  not sure what she should
be doing.  George urged her on, with cries of
"sexier" and "work it, bitch."  Poor Susan, ground
her hips a couple of times before breaking down
completely.  Her sobs became an incomprehensible
cry of anguish. Finally noticing the futility of
the situation, John resorted to "Just take it off,
you dumb cunt."

Susan tried to disrobe for the men, but trembling
hands and tear filled eyes made it impossible.
Ashley went to console her hysterical friend,
hugging her, not knowing what to say, finally
settling on, "Sue, it will be OK."

Chapter 4

Someone ordered, "Take her clothes off," and said
it again without response.

The two girls were standing in an embrace, both
almost nude, breast to breast, comforting each
other, in a manner devoid of sex, that only women
can achieve.

Ashley sensed something happening behind her and
eased herself from Susan's embrace.  Anticipating
the men, she stood back and undid her friend's
chain belt, and worked her skirt over her hips
letting it fall to the floor.  Susan was wearing
panty hose over full cut white underwear.  Ashley
looked over her shoulder at George, and continued.
She knelt and helped her friend take off the panty
hose then the panties.  Susan stood naked her eyes
looking downward into nothingness.  Her long blond
hair is disarray, tangled strands falling to her
waist.  She hid her sex with both hands, leaving
her breasts open for the men's scrutiny.

Ashley stood to find John coming out of the
kitchen holding the coat hanger in front of him
like a torch.  A dishcloth protecting his hand
from the hot wire.

The pain of the first branding came back to her as
John backed her into corner, threatening her
breast with the hot wire.

"Please don't hurt me. I'll do what you want.
Please, John, just don't hurt me."

"I told you to do what I say.  You didn't, so now
you have to be punished.  Bend over the couch."

Her legs buckled with fear and she slid down,
protecting her self with her legs.  "I'm sorry,"
she sobbed.  "I won't do it again.  Please don't
hurt me," she pleaded in that special voice that
all women reserve for getting sympathy.

He prodded her legs with the thin wire but it had
cooled.

"Hold her while I heat this up."

George lifted Ashley to her feet, while John
returned to the kitchen.

Susan ran to the door, and pushed the chair away
from under the doorknob with a crash.

George reached her before she could open the first
latch.

"Get something to tie her up with," John said.  "I
still have to teach little Ashley some manners."

George tied Susan's hands together with her panty
hose, tearing her watch off in the process.  As an
after thought he made her lie down on her back and
quickly tied her wrists to her ankles with her
legs in the air, exposing her sex.  He stuffed the
pink panties in her mouth and wrapped the selves
of the print blouse around her head to hold it in
place.

Satisfied that Susan was not able to escape,
George crawled the two steps to where Ashley had
curled up on her side.  Her knees were tucked
tightly to her breasts.  She was crying softly,
her rib cage rising and falling rapidly.  John,
fully dressed had been standing over the
vulnerable Ashley, idly flicking her pussy with
the toe of his sneaker.  He sat beside her and
stretched her out on her back, then slowly
examined her breast down to her sex before rolling
her over.

When John came back, he instructed George to sit
on her back, while he took her legs. The coat
hanger was held firmly to her skin.  Face down,
with a man sitting on her shoulders and legs, she
could only gasp for breath then cry out with
shallow, short pants, and beg for relief.

"Are you going to be a good girl, now?  Louder,
cunt!"

"Now, that's better.  What a good girl you are."

Chapter 5

Their attention turned to Susan.  One man squeezed
her as the other opened her up for their
inspection.  They played with her enjoying her
body reactions to each pinch, twist or probe.  To
enjoy her better her ankles were untied.  John
placed her tied hands over her head and told her
to keep them there.  Her gag was loose around her
mouth, fear alone was enough to keep the quivering
girl quiet.

John opened his pants and pulled his erect member
out. It was too uncomfortable for him to sit with
pants on so he took pants, underwear and shoes
off.  Sitting on Susan's breasts he poked at her
mouth with his penis.  When she would not open, he
squeezed her cheeks.  Tiring of the test of wills
he her in the face with the side of his fist.  She
yelled, her mouth red with blood. John, thanked
her then shoved hard into her throat.  She gagged
violently, her teeth scraping his thrusting cock.

John took her face with his hand and roughly pried
her jaw wider apart.  His hand print was
developing, like a photograph in red on pale
flesh, on the left side of Susan's face.  His
fingers were making white islands in the sea of
red, from the earlier slap.

Susan was crying uncontrollably again, unable to
follow John's conflicting directions to suck, lick
and to suck again.  In frustration, John got off
her to get a wet towel from the kitchen.  Sitting
on her chest, enjoying the sensations of her warm
breasts against his balls, his cock stiff against
the little valley in at the base of her neck.
Like the winner of a wrestling match, he delighted
in towering over his prize.  Gently he wiped the
shaken girl's face with the cool towel, taking
care to trace each curve of the cheek, each line
from the tightly clenched eyes.  There was nothing
that she could refuse him.

"If you're good, you won't get hurt," he reminded
her.

When Susan's calmed down, he pressed his cock
against her clenched lips, slowly increasing the
pressure.  His hands on each side of her face,
kept her from turning away and trapped her arms
above her head.  His dick smeared the coral
lipstick, making her look even more vulnerable.
Susan glanced up into her captors' eyes. That was
all he needed. John bent forward scant inches from
her watering blue eyes and held open her eye lids
with one hand. He caught her gauze and held it far
longer than he had too.  Laughing, he leaned back
and softly tapped her lips with his cock again.
The defeated Susan obediently opened for his
erection.  Cursing her for her ignorance in giving
head, John directed her actions, telling her when
to work her tongue, when to suck then surprising
the pinned girl by trusting deep into her throat.
He could see her neck bulge as he fucked her deep
in her mouth.  Her body began to heave.  First a
trembling of her chest clamped tightly between his
legs, then rising to a spasm around his dick
stuffed far into her throat.  Her whole body shook
as she retched everything from her stomach.  He
came suddenly amid the bile.  John rolled off her,
leaving her in a pool of vomit.  Laying on her
side, bile and cum drooled from her mouth as she
gasped for air.

George was inspired by his friend's conquest.  He
took his pants off and pulled the struggling
Ashley to his crotch.

"Leave her alone.  Take this bitch in the mouth,"
Johnny said.  "You like sucking cock.  Don't you,
bitch?  Well this time we are going to teach you
to swallow without puking," he added.

George still sitting on the floor, swung his legs
towards her.  John urged her to crawl to his
friend by pulling her hair.  He took her head in
both hands and forced it around his swollen cock.

John forced Ashley to watch as George worked the
girl's head up and down on his shaft, her body
heaving on an empty stomach, her spasms massaging
his probing cock, until he came in deep,
shuddering thrusts.  Immediately, John shoved her
onto her side and clamped his hand over her mouth.
Holding her eyes open, he commanded her again and
again to swallow.

"That's good.  Now bitch, I want you to crawl over
here and lick me clean."

Chapter 6

Susan was made to clean up the mess then given a
towel to wipe the worse of it from her hair.  The
men relaxed by playing with their new found sex
slaves.  The girls were felt and squeezed, made to
open themselves and placed in every position as
the men tried to find their limits, only to
discover that there were none.  Each order was
followed by a momentary delay as the girl's mind
and body tried to understand what was only an hour
ago completely unimaginable to a couple of young
girls.

"Bend over.  Open up," then slower like speaking
to a child, "Take your hands and pull you pussy
open.  Spread your legs, further,"  he pushes her
ankle further apart with is foot.  "Now pull your
cunt open for me.  Now that wasn't so hard, was it
bitch?  Speak up, Susan couldn't hear you."

Sue had reached that point, that is so
unbelievable to those who have not been physically
dominated, where your every movement or breath is
watched and analyzed and punishment is immediate
and brutal.  The cause may not be explained or may
be totally arbitrary.  Gestures and expressions of
fear, shame or even disgust are allowed by your
captors, even encouraged, but she quickly learned
that resistance, no matter how slight is never
tolerated.  She also painfully, learned that
masking any expressions from her face, only
encourages greater abuse.

Susan was bent over the coffee table, the virgin
white sides of her chest beautifully enlarged by
the soft swell of her breasts spilling to the
sides. George enjoying making her squirm as he
carelessly handled her clitoris between rough
fingers.  She had been told not to take her hands
from the table legs, her knuckles were white with
the effort.  He lent over her with his legs spread
on each side of her head, his erect sex probing
her face.  Occasionally he would pause from his
play to dangle his dick over her mouth.  The
terrified girl opening her mouth when it got
close, to avoid another slam into her tits, only
to find to her relief, that he pulled back.  Like
a trained animal in a show she found herself
trying to grab the prize with her mouth.

Ashley was ordered to get two beers from the
refrigerator for her captors.  She gave a can
George, and brought the other to John sitting on
the couch.

"Stand straight. Now spread those thighs. Good.
OK, now kneel before me, bitch."

John positioned her between his naked legs.  His
hardening cock angling towards the gold cross
between her breasts.  Ashley kept her back
perfectly straight to avoid having it touch her
chin.

"Have you been fucked before?", John asked.  "I
bet you gave it away to all the guys."

"Answer me. Have you?" he prodded.

"No I haven't," Ashley said quietly.  "Please, I
am doing what you want.  Don't do that to me,
please."

"Don't give me that, shit.  You must have given it
away.  A good looking bitch like you must have had
a lot of action."

"I dated some, if that's what you mean."

"And none of those boys ever took you cherry?"

"We necked and stuff, but I wouldn't let him go
all the way," Ashley lied, hoping for sympathy.

"So, you really are a virgin?"

Ashley nodded, and looked down at her hands folded
in her lap.

John reached out and pushed her head into his sex.
Ashley knew what to do, and started to lick his
shaft as John signaled to his friend.

George rolled Susan onto her stomach and brutally
tied her wrists and ankles together with panty
hose then gagged her tightly.

Crawling on her knees Ashley was made to follow
the men into a small bedroom.  A queen size bed
was against one wall allowing a narrow walk way
around the foot of the bed and the other side.
John stripped away the clutter from the unmade bed
and gestured for Ashley to lay down.  They
positioned her with her feet towards the head
board, her hands dangling off the bottom.

George took control of her arms, his erect sex
brushing the top of her head, while John sat
heavily on the thighs of the pleading girl.

"Honey, you are going to give it up for me," John
laughed as he placed his body at her most private
of opening.  Laying on top of her, he plunged into
her as strongly as he could, withdrew and rammed
home again, into the whimpering girl.  George
pulled her chin towards him making it difficult
for her to make anything louder than a whimper.
He plunged in again, not as a man making love to a
woman, but to subject her to his will.

A woman's body betrays the mind to protect itself.
Her body began to respond shutting off signals
from the conscious.  Involuntary, her eyes closed
and she began to move as her mind's eye watched
helplessly as someone else took control of her
body.  She felt the pleasure welling up from her
pussy colliding with the anger and humiliation,
all adding to her agony.

John quickly withdrew and rapped her clit sharply
with his knuckles as George laughed at the girl's
plight.  The pain, clearly visible by its tremors,
sharply cut through her body, immediately
overwhelming all other sensations.  A wave of pain
shot through her with each throb oh her pounding
heart.  John entered her again, sitting straight
this time, pulling her around him.  She bit her
lip, grimacing with every stroke, George's dick,
leaving pre-cum streaks on her face, as John
fucked her, pulling her waist hard into him as he
came.

He held her like that, tight against him, her legs
around his waist as George pinched her nose shut.
When her mouth opened to breathe, he took her.
With her head on the bed he leaned forward
supporting his weight with one hand and pinching
her right nipple with the other.  Ashley was
fighting for breath, her kicking legs and twisting
body giving rise to John's penis again.  Her hands
were useless, trapped over her head by George's
legs.  Finally he pulled out, and whispered in her
ear "I am going to take your ass now and there is
nothing that you can do about it," as she gasped
for air through a raw throat.

George turned her around on the bed.  Her waist
was at the edge of the mattress.  Johnny, still on
the bed, took hold of her wrists.  Ashley knew
nothing of anal sex and had no idea what to
expect, but when John took her wrist then adjusted
his grip she understood.  Instinctively she tried
to pull free, then kicked out blindly, all to no
avail.  John crossed her wrists together in his
right hand and pulled her hair back saying, "I
want to see her face for this."

George stood, completely captured by the scene
before him.  A fantasy comes true, he thought.
His friend on the bed had a hand full of her hair,
her neck stretched and vulnerable had red marks
from someone's grip.  The muscles in her backside
were dancing as she struggled.  He took her first
with a finger.  Excited by how tightness of her
virgin rectum he positioned himself then pushed in
slowly, enjoying her tight rectum fighting back,
then giving way and finally sliding up his shaft.
Like a narrow hoop it slowly gave against the tip
of his cock, sliding over the head, then more
easily down his shaft.  He pulled completely out
and laughing re-entered her tightest hole.

Blood was on her lips, as she bit down against the
pain.  John shoved a handful of the bed sheet into
her mouth.  From where he sat he could watch
George as he fucked her ass, his hands on her
waist, his face a study in concentration, enjoying
sensation.  Her expression on the other hand was
changing constantly.  As he rammed into her she
bit down, lips pulled back, jaw straining, her
face streaked with tears.  When he pulled out
quickly, her mouth would fly open as she inhaled
as if her insides were being pulled out of her
ass.  When he pulled out slowly, she would throw
her head back in a silent scream that was painful
to watch.

George withdrew completely noticing the dark red
of blood amidst the refuse on his prick.  He re-
entered his sex toy, and again rammed hard, her
blood providing the lubrication allowing him to go
in deeper that before.  He ground his groin
against her ass, the warmth of her butt against
his thighs an erotic surprise. He came then deep
inside her tortured bowels, shooting another load
and yet another before collapsing backwards.

John kissed her forehead and let her sink to the
floor.  He did not notice her renewed sobbing.  To
Ashley the kiss, such a sweet personal act, was
another much deeper humiliation that she couldn't
even attempt explain.  It hurt to move but she
drew her legs up in a fetal position on the floor
feeling but not caring about the wetness seeping
between her legs.

He left her there.  She was harmless, lost in her
own world of pain and humiliation.


The Apartment - A Story of Betrayal
by: Stroker    This story may be distributed
Ace            electronically provided it is
                complete, unaltered and with
                  this statement intact. The
                 author maintains all rights
                              to this story.
                       (c) 1994, Stroker Ace
                                            
WARNING
The "Apartment - A Story of Betrayal," is about
non-consentual sexual activity.  It is not
intended for those that are easily offended.  If
you are in doubt, do yourself a favor and move-on
now.

If you are easily influenced by what you read and
watch or if you tend to imitate the latest episode
of Bevis and Butthead, then you better hit the "N"
key now or be prepared to spend the next 15 - 30
years doing the tango with the boys in the state
prison.

What follows is a fictionalized account of an
actual event, created from public records.  All
the major elements of the story are true, proving
once again that truth is stranger than fiction.
Identities and locations have been changed to
protect the guilty.



Chapter 7

John noticed from the bed that Susan's hands had
turned blue and returned to the small living room
to check on her.  Gagged with Ashley's silk blouse
stuffed in her mouth, a bra tying it in place and
laying face down with her head to one side, she
was having difficulty breathing.  Her crying had
made her sinuses run adding to her discomfort.
Not knowing any better, she had struggled while
her girlfriend was being raped.  The hose tying
her hands had worked even tighter, cutting off
circulation.

Immediately John cut her hands free, wondering if
she had already suffered nerve damage.  With her
hands free she was able to roll over.
Instinctively she moved to pull the gag off, but
found that it was too painful to use her hands.

George came over going-on about what a great piece
of ass Ashley was.  He untied the hose from
Susan's legs and bending her knees examined her
ass as if to compare how tight she was.  He probed
her ass with a finger a few times before leaving
her to join John in the kitchen.  John gave him a
red methamphetamine capsule from a Tylenol bottle
and washed one down with his beer.  They went back
into the living room, to wait for the upper to
kick in.

It did not take long.  Susan was nude, lying on
her back, completely vulnerable her, eyes pleading
and fearful at the same time.  Ashley was brought
into the room.  She was walking stiffly, moving
one leg at time a smeared blood and cum staining
her inner thigh.  Using an extension cord she was
tied, face up over the low coffee table.  Her
hands per pulled forward and quickly tied off to
the table legs.  They brought her to an orgasm
like that, her mind full of guilt and shame that
she could be manipulated to tremble and quiver in
pleasure while tied down like an animal.

She had long since stopped being shocked by their
laughter and cursing.  She simply did the
ridiculous things that they asked for as best she
could, responding to bitch, cunt or cock sucker as
if it were her own name.  The only thing of
importance was to avoid being hurt again.  When
they asked her something she tried to tell them
what they wanted to hear.

"Can you fell that, bitch?"

"Do you like that, bitch?"

"Yes, it feels good," she would answer flatly.  As
long as it didn't sound too sarcastic, it would
satisfy them.  Just be sure to move when they do
something to you.  Most of the time that will
happen anyway, but if they, especially George,
think that you didn't feel it, then they will just
do it harder.  He was the hardest.  He did the
same things that John did, but he favored taking
an unwilling girl in the ass..  Everything he did
was harder, intended to hurt, never any
consideration for the tenderness.  He would pinch
her nipple or clit, just as hard as her butt.
John at least would ease a finger or his body into
her before pushing.  George would just ram,
sometimes missing only to ram again.

John had Susan lick him while he watched George
play with Ashley's clit.  "Show John what he's
missing," he said.  The methamphetamine was
beginning to take effect.  George was getting hard
again, but his mind was racing ahead of his body.
He rubbed Ashley then climbed on top and tried to
enter her pussy.  But his body was not ready yet,
and he was too hyped-up to work it in, he was
going for a slam-dunk or nothing.  He pulled back
and hit her hard between the legs, cursing her.
The blow overwhelmed her nerves, she yelled, as
her bladder emptied.  Her legs kicked out,
toppling the table over, cord digging into her
wrists.  John held a couch pillow to her face.

"The cunt pissed on me!" George exclaimed.
"Nobody gets away with that.  I am going to teach
this cunt a lesson."

"Wait.  Get something to gag her with first,"
Johnny ordered.

She gasped desperately for air as they replaced
the pillow.  A damp pair of panties was stuffed in
her mouth and tied in place with a shirt.
Twisting the table away, she was left on the
floor, her hands still tied to the overturned
table.  George pulled the belt from his pants and
hit her hard.  The belt striking her breasts, the
end wrapping around her rib cage, snapping hard
under her arm.  He adjusted his swing for the next
hit.  The tip of the belt down finding her left
breast with a loud slap.  John threw his weight on
her kicking legs.  George hit her again, this time
getting an even red bruise across her stomach.
Even though distorted by the makeshift gag,
Ashley's plead of "Please" could be heard,
repeated over and over again.

He teased her a couple of times with light
strokes, running the belt over her sex before
strapping her hard across the thighs.

"Do want to want to take it for your friend?"
Susan was asked.  She only shook her head.

"Open your pussy, let George see what you have,"
John ordered Susan.  "Spread her out."

They sat on both sides of Susan, forgetting about
Ashley for the moment.  Susan's body was softer
than Ashley's.  The curves of her body were more
pronounced.  Her pubic hair full and thick while
Ashley was cropped closer and narrower.  She
responded differently as well.  She would cry out
at every little slap, hit or pinch while Ashley
would grit her teeth, crying out at only the
harder hits.

When she, in fright, inched her legs closer
together, John gave her a slap on her sex,
reminding her that he was in charge.  She was laid
out on the floor, each man taking their time
playing with her body and mind.  She entered into
that covenant that all women dread, where
everything is given over, their existence is only
for the pleasure of another.  For over an hour she
was denied time to think of anything but
responding to her new masters.  A penis would be
thrust in her face for licking or just to rub over
her, dotting her with pre-cum.  Another would
enter her vagina or rectum, sometimes fingers
sometimes something harder, thicker and cold.
Always having to concentrate on the silly mindless
orders, vocal or more frequently a shove on a knee
or thigh, pressure on her head and she would have
to interpret what it meant, and do it very
quickly.  She quickly learned that it was better
to do the wrong thing than to be slow, for with
every command came the chance of punishment.

Susan never realized how vulnerable her body was,
how easy it was for them to punish her and how
each time her body was left a little more
sensitive to the next discipline.  At first they
were contented to twist a nipple, mostly on her
right side for that one always got hard first and
was a little larger.  Then George discovered how
she reacted when a finger was snapped against her
clitoris.  Later when the novelty of her body
snapping straight as if trying to stand at
attention, had worn off they found ways to combine
torments.  Her lips may be held wide so her clit
would get the full force, or an object placed in
her pussy or ass to heighten the sensation.  A man
would enter her to get the full benefit of her
spasm as the other gave her two or three harsh
hits.  What and who and where, taste and
humiliation, having long since lost any practical
significance to Susan.  Her only care was to avoid
more pain.

Worse of all where the punishments for no reason.
She would concentrate with all her might to read
and understand what was expected from each push or
each mumbled phrase, always working to make it
good for them, moving as directed, faster or
slower as directed, anything to please them.
Anything to avoid another hit or pinch.  Always
hoping it would end yet knowing that after this
there would another and yet another.  Then without
explanation or even talk among themselves, she
would be turned this way or that, whichever amused
them, one would take her arms the other her legs.
Then they simply did what the wished.  It was
understood that she could cry out but never
scream, the pain was too great to be worth the
momentary relief.  If they put something over her
mouth she would immediately start to struggle, not
with hope of escape but from a deep primal
instinct.

The amphetamine had taken the men to a sexual
plateau where they were semi-erect, able to
penetrate at times, but not ready to achieve
complete erection and the sought after relief.
They found themselves desiring more than their
body could handle.  One would lie on the floor,
Susan on hands and knees, him in her mouth.  The
other behind her probing both orifices.  An order
is barked and Ashley crawls over and bending down
suck on her breasts, then the other man.

A shiver runs through Ashley every time her name
is called, as if someone ran an ice cube down her
spine.  She still hesitates for a split-second in
shock at the disgusting act.  Somehow being called
by name hurts even more.  It is too personal to be
told to suck someone's cock, or lick her friend's
cunt.  Worse than actually doing it, is knowing
that you must do it, simply because he told you
to.

At one point she noticed that she was forced to
bargain with her tormentor.  "Please not that.  It
hurts too much down there.  It still hurts from
when you hit me," Ashley begged.  "Please let me
suck you instead," she said, eyes looking to the
floor, sticky semen over the belt marks on her
breast, soon to match the dry flakes on her chin.

"What did you say?"

"Let me suck you," said a little louder this time

"Whats the magic word?"

"Please. Please let me suck you."

"Now that's better.  George see how polite this
bitch can be."

Chapter 8

Slowly their lust grew and with it, their
erections.  The sexual tension in the little
apartment increased.  Ashley was now being made to
beg for everything.

"Ashley, what is that pretty little mouth of yours
for?" John asked.

"Its for sucking, sir,"  Ashley replied.  She,
like Susan was on the floor all the time, mostly
on back or stomach, sometimes kneeling or bent
over the coffee table.

"And Ashley, how about this?" he asked, slapping
her bottom.

"It's for fucking, sir.  Oh, no.  Please don't
take my ass again.  Let me suck you sir, I will do
it good." The eyes told him that her pleading
voice was genuine.

"Get on you hands and knees bitch," John said the
harsh words in a kind tone while he opened his
legs wide.

Ashley new what was expected of her.  She
obediently crawled between his legs keeping her
ass up, so the other man wouldn't have to hit her,
and opened her mouth to his stiff member.  George
was interested in Susan this time, he pushed her
toward the couple and arranged her underneath
Ashley. Susan, stretched her neck to lick Ashley's
firm stomach.  George pulled her hair, forcing her
underneath her semen covered snatch.  A knee to
her shoulder was enough to overcome Susan's
repulsion.  She started to lick her girlfriend's
clit.  John took control of Ashley's head and held
it down, her nose buried in his pubic hair.
George knelt behind Ashley and entered her vagina.
Susan pulled away in disgust.  Without stopping
his penetration he pulled the girl back.  Susan
was lying with her face under Ashley's cunt while
George fucked her.  He pulled her chin towards him
then away, her tongue alternately licking his
shaft and the wet pussy.  George came quickly, and
shot into Susan's face.  Ashley's body came in a
series of quivers while her mind reeled in shame
of the betrayal.  The excitement ripped through
her body to John who exploded his cum into her
mouth, overflowing it dripped down onto Susan's
neglected pussy.  George collapsed on Ashley,
pushing her flat onto the disgraced Susan.

They laid like that for several minutes.  John
stood and inspected his harem.  Susan's long hair
was matted together with cum and vomit.  White
flakes of dried cum stained the face, legs and
bodies of both girls.  A disgusting line of cum
was leaking from both girls.

He ordered the girls to the bathroom.  George
filled the tub with warm water, for the eager
girls.  Noticing how anxious the girls were,
George made the water hotter and hotter, while
commanding them to remain seated while he scrubbed
them.

"You are both too dirty to have sex with me," John
said as he emptied a bottle of Clorox into the now
steaming water.  "This will clean you out."

The girls clenched at each other, pleading to
their tormenters, as the diluted bleach seeped
past their libia and scorched tender raw flesh of
the vagina and the abused third enterance.

Chapter 9

John let Ashley out of the tub first.  She
had waited the longest before whining and
when he saw her tears, he knew that she must
be really hurting.  She would not be any fun,
if she was whining all the time.  Ashley pink
from her breasts down.  Susan with fairer
skin was red where she was mistreated, around
the nipples and inside of the thighs.  John
made her stand with her feet spread wide and
hands stretched to the ceiling like a
sacrifice to some ancient god.  He knelt
before her and inspected the red and wrinkled
libia.  Shaking her there would make her
cheast tremble as she fought the pain.
Ashley patted the bleach water from her hair
as she watched her friend, knowing that her
time would come soon enough.

Back in the living room George had Susan lay
down on the coffee table.  He spread her
legs, stroking her thighs to quiet the
quivering.  As he touched her sex she cried
out, her legs springing to her chest.   John
and George examined the injured girl.

"Better get used to it bitch.  The night is
still young and Dickey is getting hard again.
Get something to gag her with, we wouldnt
want to wake the neighbors."

"No one can hear anything over the music,
anyway.  Not that anyone cares around here.
They think its just another party."

Both men were surprised to hear Ashley
command, "Leave her alone.  Let me take care
of her first.  She can't be good for you like
that."

"Ok. Fix her up, but make it quick.  We
aren't done with that pussy yet.  Are we
John?"  the men laughed.

"I need some water.  And some skin cream or
baby oil."

"I dont have any skin cream or dam baby
oil," John said, emphasizing the word baby.

"Get me some cooking oil then."  Ashley
kneeling by the table arched her back,
thrusting her breasts out and looked almost
straight up at George with a sultry look.

The charm worked.  George came back with a
glass of tap water and a bottle of Wesson
oil.  Looking around Ashley found her blouse
laying on the floor.  She tore a sleeve off
with her teeth.  She wet the cloth in the
glass then held Susan open while carefully
rinsing the bleach water from her with the
rest.  She used the damp cloth to pat around
the folds of her lips and at her openings.
Ignoring the jesting from the men she
liberally covered her friends injured areas
with the oil from the slippery bottle.

"This smells a little funny, Sue, but it
should help somewhat."  To George and John she
said, "Leave her alone, the bleach is still
burning her."  Watching their faces, she
added "It wont be any good for you.  You may
even get burnt yourself."

"How about that, George.  Ashley is concerned
about your well being.  She doesn't want you
to get hurt while fucking that cunt.  Well if
that's what you want, that's what you'll get.
Get that bitch off the table."

"Ashley get your cunt on that table. George,
get a belt."

His tone had become dominant.  Susan sprang
from the coffee table, seeking a corner to
become invisible.  Ashley immediately started
to take her place.  She moved slowly, trying
to delay the inescapable.

John turned her on her stomach.  George
standing by her head, unclasped her hands
from the table legs where she had braced
herself, bending them awkwardly behind her
neck.  Her head was bent to the right,
partially off the table.

John found that the narrow table couldnt
support her legs when they were spread wide.
Placing a hand under her mound and chest he
lifted her off the table,  putting her in the
middle of the floor.  He folded her left leg
upon itself and looped the belt around the
upper thigh and ankle.  The belt was hooked
at the smallest position.  Her heel was only
a few inches from her thigh. Grabbing the
discarded panty hose he replaced the belt her
heel into the thigh as she gasped in agony.
The other leg was tied with a portion of
panty hose cut from the excess.  George used
the belt to tie her wrists behind her back.
The improvised restraints contrasting, bulky
and inelegant contrasting with the graceful
curve of the nude womans waist.  Pale and
beautiful skin of the leg swelling where the
muscle is compressed, wrapped tightly with a
ring of pale nude hose as small knot with
long ragged strands where one leg was cut
off.   The thin black belt wrapped several
times around the wrist a rough loose knot
holds it in place.  There is no need for
more, in her position she can not get enough
leverage to overcome the many turns of the
leather belt.

John, admiring his work rolls her over and
kneels between her tied legs and slaps her
hard on the left breast.  She whimpers but
can not move to protect herself.  He slaps
her a couple time more on both breasts then
his fingers go in her pussy, first two
fingers, then four.

George tenderly strokes her cheek,
occasionally raising an eyelid to reminding
her to keep her eyes open.  He brushes her
hair to one side so they can see her face and
tears.  The hand is withdrawn to gently rub
her clit. Both men laugh as Ashley moans
loudly. Her reactions to pleasure or pain are
clear, and immediately evident.  There is
nothing that can be hidden from those who use
her.  John again fingers her pussy.  Slowly
he pushes against the now wet opening,
forcing his hand in to the knuckles.

Ashley spreads her legs even further apart,
the strain on her thighs more less painful
than between her legs.  That gesture of
ultimate submission, forcing her legs
abnormally wide for him, without being told,
engorges his already erect cock.

John leans forward and whispers into the ear
of the crying girl, "Ashley, I am going to
fuck you.  Would you like that?"  He prompts
her by rapping his knuckles on her head.

"Yes sir,"  in a meek voice.

John stretched out and with George's help
pulled her on top of him.  George stood with
a leg on each side of his friend and with
hands on Ashley's hips, got her in a
comfortable position for John.  He then
pulled her knees apart again as John rammed
into her.  Ashley's whimpers became louder,
the cries of pain, humiliation and sex
hopelessly confused in her voice, but clearer
in her mind.

George sat even with her waist and pulled her
ass cheeks apart.  He worked two finger in
her tight ass, enjoying how his hand
controlled her voice and breathing.  He could
feel John ramming with his torso into her.
George surprised that John was still had a
hard-on for her.  He had reached a plateau,
his cock half hard, spent from all the
fucking, unable to cum, needig to rest, but
still enjoying the liberty with is sex toys.

"Press down on her!  She is just bouncing on
me," John called out.  "I need to push
against something."

George sat on the small of her back facing
the back of her head.  like a bronco rider,
he sat with an arm stretched behind him,
probing her expanded ass, controlling her
breathing by what he did to her ass.

With all her remaining strength, Ashley
raised her head high arching her back against
the weight of George.  She mentally put the
sex aside and for a few seconds filled her
chest with a long deep breath of cool air.
The lamp caught her eye, a pretty design,
completely out of place, it must have been a
gift she thought. The mental break couldnt
last, she collapsed again on John.

John watched as her neck strained, her breast
already thrust forward from having her hands
tied behind her, pressed against his chest.
The chisel lighting caught her face, the man
behind her out of focus in his minds eye.
Her eye makeup smudged, lipstick long gone,
tears smeared on rosy cheeks, mingled with
perspiration giving a shine in the harsh
light.  Strands of her damp hair is clumped
together, dark blond, stuck in a corner of
her mouth.  He can see the roof of her mouth,
pearl white teeth catch the light.  Crust has
dried under her nose and in the other corner,
a little blemish is on the curve of the lip.
Then he realizes the blemish is a single
pubic hair, seized in the almost invisible
track dried cum disappearing down her chin.

He feels himself growing quickly inside of
her.  Ashley moans from the same feeling deep
in her womb.  She collapse on him face to
face as if lovers.  The scent perfume mixed
with the musk of stale cum.  With her legs
painfully bent double and arms behind her
trapped by the weight of the other man she
has no leverage, no independant movement.
Her body has become a glove, stretched
tightly around his cock, following his every
move.  She feels him pressing on the entrance
to her womb, as he pulls slowly back her body
follows his cock still deep in her.  Knees
bent, feet on the floor he pushes up hard and
fast, enjoying her hot breath on his cheek as
feels it bounce against her in deep in her
center.  She tightens harder still around his
member, he can feel George against the
underside of his cock, through the walls of
her ass.  Ashley exhales hard again with ever
having time to inhale as the finger is shaken
in her ass. She has no identify no thoughts,
her stomach is collapsed on his.  She feels
his every breath, every movement of his
muscles.  She feels every thrust into her
before he makes it.  The orgasm builds in her
belly as his stomach hardens, thighs tense he
is hard against her inside, she come first a
split second before the vibration of cum is
felt against her womb.

There is no place to hide.  After a few
minutes, John tells George to stop playing
with her ass.  She is rolled on her back, an
embarrasing sucking sound is made as there
sweaty bodies part.  She is not allowed to
close her eyes as they kneel and stand over
her, complementing and laughing.

It was well after midnight and the men were
tired.  The girls were allowed to comfort
each other on the floor while the men enjoyed
a beer.  For a while it amused them to have
the women obey an occasional command to show
themselves or to lick each other.

John called two of his friends Bill and
Charles from the book depository, telling
them of the great party they were having.
When they heard that Ashley and Susan, two of
the hottest chicks from work were there, they
hurried over.

The latecomers were shocked to see the girls
that they have fantasized about for months,
kneeling naked between a man's legs.  The
stories that they had passed among
themselves, never really believing, at work,
apparently being tame compared to what they
saw in front of them. At first John and
George proudly showed off their sex toys to
their friends ordering them around on their
knees like big cats at a circus.

"Come here. Lick me bitch!  Open wider, show
my friend what you have. Do you like it
cunt?"  A kick or thereat of one was all that
was necessary to keep them moving.

They watched and made suggestions, arranged
the girls.  They quickly learned how far John
would let them go.  Anything was permissible
sexually, but only John or George could hit
the girls.  The enthusiasm rubbed off on them
and soon they were erect and taking their
turns to climax.

When asked the mastered girls said what was
expected of them.

"What do you like to do, Ashley?" John asked,
holding her chin up to look her in the eye.

"I like to suck you, sir."

"And what else?"

"Ahh," surprised that it wasn't enough,
...to fuck, sir."

"Sue, be a good girl and show Bill, what you
like to do."

Susan out of shame put her head down between
her arms her rear up in the air, knees far
apart.  She squeezed her eyes shut tight,
blissfully unaware of who was behind her.
The fingers came first.  They hurt but she
was able to shut out the rough scraping, her
imagination consumed on what she new was
bound to follow.  It was time to go into the
act.

"Oh, Ohhh.  I want you in my pussy," she
moaned.  Anything but the ass.  They took her
mouth enough without having to beg.  The
worst part was that it took so long to clear
the stuff from your throat so you could
breathe normally again.  "Take my cunt," she
said, using the word that they liked to hear.
She was actually relieved when she felt him
in her vagina.  It was tender there but "I
can bear it. This is an easy one," she said
to herself, as the man pumped.

Someone pulled her head up by her hair,
causing her to support herself with her
hands.  One of the new ones sat in front of
her, and carefully took two handfuls of her
hair.  Like a rider controlling a horse, he
steered her head down on his erect shaft and
held it there.  Her jaw ached from being
stretched wide, she did not dare let her
teeth touch his cock.  It was useless to try
to raise her head, he was too strong.  She
squirmed, then in real panic of choking began
to kick as her chest and stomach heaved.

Excited beyond control, the man in her vagina
came his weight pushing her harder onto the
man impaling in her mouth.   "I will have to
bite him," she thought.  The pressure on her
head was suddenly relaxed, she pushed up,
popping off, like a cork and gulped for air.
He pushed her back down and worked her head
quickly up and down, coming in big spurts in
her mouth and throat.  He clutched her head
tight against his balls, clamping his legs
around her ears.  "It's over.  I made it,"
she silently repeated to herself.

She felt a prick pushing against her asshole,
softly at first, then harder.  She spread as
wide as she could and tried to relax, but
there is no way to relax for that.  All she
could feel was her rectum, being opened wider
and wider.  Finally he was in and the
sensation changed to her insides.  Each
movement no matter how slight, traveled
through her complete body.  The pressure made
her feel like coming and peeing at the same
time.  Susan concentrated on the pain from
her straining rectum intent on not giving
them the satisfaction of seeing her come
while having her ass fucked.

She was breathing heavily through her mouth,
pressed against his balls.  Strong hands dug
into her sides as the man came deep in her
body.  Her head was released, she could hear
again and breathe clean air.  She recognized
John's voice barking at Charley.  She lowered
her head to the floor, keeping her sore
backside up in the air.  Ashley was
whispering encouragement and stroking her
hair, when John ordered her away.

He pulled Susan on top of him, shoving into
her vagina.  Cursing her for being too
"dripping wet," he rolled her off.  Ashley
was ordered to lie on top.  Meekly she put a
knee to either side of his hips, keeping her
back straight, afraid to expose her ass.  He
entered her and pulled her to him, pushing
her head to one side.  Pulling her cheeks
apart he pull her onto his erection and told
her to work it until he came.  The body
movements, hips working, vagina flexing was
mechanical, automatic, without feeling or
inspiration, but he liked it.  The others,
tired in the early morning hours, rested and
joked among themselves, casually taking in
Ashleys penetration.  Bill, naked, sat on
the couch sipping a beer, rolling Susans
breasts under his feet.  George was sitting
with his back against the couch, a leg bent
over her face, the other stretched on her
hair as she laid on the floor.  He took her
hand and moved it up and down on his
hardening prick, then let her continue by
herself.  Someone had squirted beer in her
vagina and then stuck the neck of the bottle
in her ordered her to keep it there. She
prayed that it would stay in or if it worked
out, that they wouldnt hurt her again.

Ashley clinched her eyes tight, and moved as
ordered.  But she could not escape the
feelings that began between her legs,
radiating through out her entire body.  She
hated every second but the sensations were
there between her legs.  She could feel him
growing inside her, slightly bigger every
time.  She went limp on top of him, hoping to
spoil it for him.  To fight would only make
it better for him.  He slammed the side of
his fist between her shoulder blades,
knocking the breath from her.

"Work it, bitch!"

She had no choice. Her legs were trapped
inside of his, tight around his cock. With
each stroke she let out a gasp as her clit
both tender and sore, was tormented at every
movement.  He held his groin up to her, hand
on hips making her work his growing length at
a faster and faster pace.  Her clit was still
tender from being  hit.  She cried out in
anguish. That was all he needed.  He thrust
into her again and again.  She felt him come,
many thrusts with a small shudder.  It made
her glad to know there couldnt be much
semen.  His tired dick shrunk quickly from
her and for a while, her body was hers
again.

Ashley buried her smile in her arms and
waited for the command that she hated..  This
time he didnt say anything but pulled her
hair.  She moved over to where her lay and
licked his shrunken member as he manhandled
her head for the amusement of the others.

When they noticed that the marks from
branding had faded they held the girls over
the coffee table and reapplied the brands to
each of the struggling girls in turn.

Later they tired of doubling up on one girl,
a man in her faces another behind her and
experimented with three on one.

Ashley was first.  Charley pulled her down on
top of him.  He entered her pussy as George
spread her legs wide.  Bill had already taken
her mouth as George pushed against her ass.
With her vagina full, it couldn't take the
other cock.  As George pushed harder she
started to bleed again.  To quiet her down,
they let her rest and turned their attention
and cocks to Susan.  Trying to shut the
humiliation out, she had drawn up in a fetal
position in a corner when she heard her name
called in a sugar sweet voice. Sue, its your
turn.  Trembling and begging, but not daring
to hesitate Susan rolled on her back and
straightened her legs.  Thats all that was
expected of her.  She knew that they would
take care of the rest, moving her legs and
arms, positioning her the body anyway they
wanted.  Every movement somehow important, an
arm once positioned, if moved could raise
their anger. They may hit, unbelievably hard,
many times, no bearing to the offense.
Sometimes they would tie her down, the black
cord cutting into her wrists or more often
someone would pin her writs down with their
full weight, until she thought the bones
would crack. They tried the same thing with
her.  When that failed, Charley waited for
George to cum, then he took her pussy.

It was the early hours of the morning, the
men were spent and tired.  As they rested
they amused themselves by  berating Ashley
for not being able to satisfy them.  They
pinned her tired arms and sat on her legs,
then George put a gag around her head.   She
fought with the little strength remaining,
screaming into the gag all the while.  They
dragged her struggling and kicking into the
kitchen.  Ashley, tired and beaten was easily
overpowered and tied face down on the kitchen
table with arms and semen soiled legs spread.

Susan slowly inched her way to the door.
Quietly she worked the locks with trembling
hands.  The four men in the kitchen were
telling Ashley how they were going oil her up
with Crisco and what they were going to do
after.  The second lock clicked open and she
ran into the hallway.  Not waiting for the
elevator she ran down the stairs and into the
street. It was still dark.  It would be
another half an hour before the streets would
fill with people going about their lives.
Naked she ran through the cold air found.
She found a subway entrance and jumped the
turnstile.  The train engineer saw the naked
girl and called the police.

Ashley was rescued later that morning.  When
the police kicked the door in, only John and
Ashley were there.  The others were picked up
at the book depository the following Monday.
Epilog

John was convicted of rape and sodomy.  He
was sentenced to 13 to 30 years as a repeat
offender.  He is still doing time and tells
his court appointed attorney that he has
"gotten religion."

Bill and Charles were sentenced to 5 to 10
years apiece.

George too was convicted.  In a perversity of
justice, he made a deal with the prosecution
to collaborate the victim's story.
Considering it was his first offense the
judge sentenced to 2 to 5 years.  He joined a
prison program for rapist.  He started the
program as a hostile patient and gradually
changed.  Now the prison physiologist uses
his case as an example whenever he has to
apply for state funds.  The doctor describes
how his penile erections can be monitored as
he is shown rape scenes, with no measurable
effect.  Considered a model prisoner he is
already in a half way house.   He spends all
his time reading.  Prison library records
show that he has read everything on
controlling your own bio-mechanics such as
heart rate and blood pressure.  This month he
should be released.

Ashley had an abortion, and is recovering
well.  She still bears the scars from her
ordeal.  The insurance company insisted that
she take physiological counseling.  Her
physiologist reports that she is  "blocking"
unable to discuss her inner feelings "as if
she was hiding something."  She quickly adds
that "her behavior is quite common for
someone who has undergone such a traumatic
experience."  She was pronounced
psychologically disabled and has received
some money from her insurance company.  She
has gone back to college full time.

Ashley is not ready to resume dating yet and
keeps busy training in martial arts.  The
detective on the case taught her how to use a
gun and now she carries an unregistered 380
for self-protection.  Between semesters, she
told her family that she was going to the
Bahamas for a week.  That same week a woman
was attacked while going to her car.  The
woman, latter told the police that she was
being forced into a van, when a man appeared
and, shot her attacker six times at close
range.  Despite the disbelief of the police,
she claims that she could not describe the
vigilante.  Shells from a 380 automatic were
found at the scene.

Like Ashley, Susan had to see a physiologist
as part of the insurance settlement.  Her
file shows that she has shown "a marvelous
readjustment to men and a healthy attitude to
sex."  She quit her job and is living in a
nice condominium on the East side. She is
seeing a lot of men, but there is no one
special.  She has the latest fashions, drives
a new sports car, "A gift from a friend."
She does not consider herself a call girl,
but simply likes the gifts that they give
her.  If her lovers were ever to compare
notes, they would find some amazing
similarities.  Threats of Polaroid's mailed
anonymously to wives and business partners,
running up outrageous credit charges by
"accident".  She has developed a reputation
as a "demanding lover, always in charge."

May 1994
eof
