The Apgerian
1994  Dream Weevil

"You mean I can't just do whatever I want?  That there's something 
stopping me from walking out this door, right now?"

Ker's eyes lit up.  "Try it, if you must."

I went to the door, gripped the knob in the palm of my hand, and turned, 
somehow expecting it not to move.  It was crazy, I felt-- I was letting 
her words, her look, convince me, like the willing victim of a 
hypnotist, so wanting to see the "magic" that I'd throw the experiment 
in the magician's favor.

Nonetheless, the knob turned; the door opened.

"Now what?" she asked.

"You're crazy, you know that?"

"I never said you wouldn't be able to open the door."

The feeling was as if staring into some kind of spinning reflector; a 
welcome, disorienting dizziness.  "Look.  I'm going to go home, get some 
sleep, something to eat.  Call me when you're feeling better, okay?"

No response.  I did feel some regret; even though this one, passionate 
night with this strange woman was one I didn't want to end, the sun had 
been shining for nearly three hours now.  I needed to get out of this 
closed-in strangeness; wash this tenacious scent, of her sex, off my 
skin and from my hair.  Backpedaling just a bit, I added:  "I'm sorry. I 
did have a wonderful evening."

"So did I."

"I'll talk to you later."

Again, no response.  Ker sat, cross-legged, exactly where she had been; 
her face betraying an intense concentration.  Strange.

The air outside the door had become quite solid, like an invisible, 
heavy gelatin extending to the daytime sky.  My toes moved only inches 
over the threshold before becoming "stuck"; and then, it took effort to 
pull myself back inside.  I put my hand up against this wall, and felt 
much the same thing; convinced that there was some transparency across 
the frame, I tried to test it by leaning against it only to fall, 
clearly through the door, scraping my hands on the concrete steps.  The 
resistance, whatever it was, was real, at least to touch; but it didn't 
support my weight, and now was gone.

"Looks like you made it," Ker shouted through the door.  Getting up, she 
took a few steps toward me.  "I'm sorry; I didn't think of that.  My 
link's just not strong enough yet.  I couldn't feel you go off balance."

I turned over, sitting up on the cold steps.  "What?"

"You don't believe me yet, do you?"

Ker stood over me, and I reluctantly let her guide me to my feet.

"I could have hurt you that way," she said, as I wiped my hands on my 
pants.  "I won't let it happen again.  Now come back inside."

"Look, I really have to go..."

With the slightest tug on one finger, I felt myself walking back into 
the room, following her lead as if I had just learned how to stand; 
clumsily swinging one arm around, hitting the edge of the door, which 
closed.

"Ow."

"Sorry, again."  Ker let go of my finger, taking a few steps away.  
"This takes some getting used to."  She sat down, up against her pillow 
again, crossing her legs.

"Look, I--"  At this moment, I realized for the first time: I was 
paralyzed; no effort would move me from this spot; yet, somehow, I 
remained balanced.

Ker smiled.  "I told you, you're mine now."  She looked me over. "Nobody 
else can ever have you.  You belong to me.  So this... is what it feels 
like to be male?"  I felt a stirring between my legs; my underwear 
tightening; the sensation vanished as soon as it had come, however.

"Wet your pants."

"What?"

"Go ahead.  Let loose entirely.  Make a puddle."

"You're crazy!"

"Fine, I'll do it for you."

The insides of my underwear became warm, then heavy; and a moment later 
the pee was running down the inside of my legs. I felt the turbulence, 
the flow; yet I hadn't done anything to cause this.  Ker made a bit of a 
face and I felt my bladder tighten, and as the wetness soaked through my 
jeans, I realized that _she_ was doing it.

Emptied entirely, I still stood, motionless.

"Wonderful, isn't it?  You're my first.  Welcome... welcome to me."

"How... did you do this?"

"Sit," she said.  "I'll have to trust you; I don't think I can balance 
you that well, yet."

A moment later, my body fell back into my own control; muscles 
responding as if nothing had ever been wrong.  Ker rambled on as I 
peeled off my wet clothes:

"I know your friends tried to warn you, didn't they?  You must have 
known.  Admit it: you wanted to know for sure, to know what it would be 
like..."

"What?"

"Oh, come on!  Do I really have to spell it out?  I'm an Apgerian.  You 
are the first member of my 'harem', now."

"Apgerian?  That's... impossible.  Why... would I be the first?"

"Silly!  I only reached my awakening... my sexual maturity a couple of 
weeks ago.  So, you might say that you were just in the right place at 
the right time."

I looked at the puddle I had made.  "I still don't get it."

"Don't you know anything?  Okay, let's put this in terms you'll 
understand.  I've laid my first egg -"

"Egg?  But..."

"When you had your face buried in my twat!  Or did you just think I was 
having a particularly long orgasm that depended on you having your mouth 
fastened to my sex organs?"

The vision was very clear - my body under hers, her legs tight around my 
head, and her hands holding me; long fingers stretched against the back 
of my neck.  When she finally came; it was indeed a flood, which I 
swallowed.

"I don't remember any 'egg'..."

"It's tiny, my sweet.  Almost microscopic.  You wouldn't have felt it.  
Anyway, it's made its way to your bloodstream, and by now there's about 
a three-centimeter long organism wrapped around your the base of your 
brain stem."

My hands flew to the base of my neck; and suddenly the resistance came 
again; I wasn't quite able to touch myself there.  I could envision what 
she spoke of quite easily.

"Uh-uh-uh!  You'll hurt yourself."

"I can't believe you.  You can't possibly be an Apgerian.  You don't -"

"Don't what?"

"Well..."

"I don't smell bad?  That's just a defense mechanism, my dear.  The 
rumors are just out of control, that's all.  Of course, if you're not 
convinced-"

With the agility of a feline, uncrossing her legs to a standing 
position, Ker spun around, and leaned over.  A spot between her pussy 
and anus, now clearly exposed, seemed bright red, like a primitive 
warning flag; an opening appeared here, extending, adjusting, aiming.  I 
remained frozen, stupid, like a deer before headlights, as the spray 
came.  She hit me square, five times, in five quick contractions that 
each sent a hard, fine stream of a clear liquid to five separate 
targets: my chest, abdomen, crotch, and thighs.   As it hit, the spray 
first splattered, then almost instantly it gelled and adhered, like a 
heavy oil.

For a fraction of a second, I was ready to throw up.  It was, by far, 
the strongest, most foul scent I had ever experienced; like being 
sprayed by a skunk at close range.  Then, a moment later, something 
changed; it wasn't so bad; the subtle nuances, the sweetness; like being 
immersed, somehow, in _her_.

Shortly thereafter, I found myself smoothing this oily gel across my 
skin, covering the parts of me she hadn't already sprayed.

"See?  If you were still human, you'd have puked your guts out by now.  
But it's not so terrible, is it?"

"But.. to others..."

"You stink like a ocean of manure, my dear.  To everyone except me, of 
course.  I think it's kind of nice.  And the best part is, my flower, it 
doesn't wash off.  The spray's odorless until it bonds with your skin, 
which, by now, it's done quite well.  So I don't think you're going 
anywhere for a while.  Not anywhere near any humans, at least."

Involuntarily, I stood, then moved behind Ker and began to massage her 
back.

"Very nice."

I tried to talk, and, for that moment, couldn't.

"Sorry, my dear.  I'm holding you too tight.  Try again."

"What... have you done?  What is this thing..."

"In your neck?  Spreading beyond that by now, I'm sure."

I continued to massage her back.

"Growing at about one percent of your body mass per hour.  But don't 
worry!  You'll hardly notice the change.  Every part of you preserved as 
is, for the moment... except... it's me."

"Apgerians are not adverse-replacement breeders," I argued.

"Perhaps the one bit of truth you do know about us.  If I was an 
adverse-replacement breeder, you'd become my child, in about four days.  
In a few years you'd be off to lay your own eggs.  If only it were that 
easy!"

"Then..."

"What's happening to you?  For now?  Don't worry about it.  I have to 
acquire one more of your kind; a human female.  Shouldn't take me more 
than a day or so.  You, meanwhile, make yourself at home.

The stupid thing, on my part, was staying put.  I paced around the 
house, through the day and well into the evening, with at least two 
dozen trips to the door.  She was clearly far enough away that she held 
no telepathic control over me, but, for my life, I couldn't decide what 
I would do if I left.  With her spray on my skin, and its billions of 
dutiful microbes living in my pores, any creature with the olfactory 
capacity of a stone would know I wasn't "normal".  How could I do it?  
Plead for help, before the reaction she had started-- one percent per 
hour-- consumed my entire body?  Any human coming near me wouldn't 
merely be offended-- they'd become physically sick from the exposure.

We had never suspected that a single Apgerian might live among us.  The 
most I can think is that she was brought here as a young girl-- which is 
strange enough, since a young of their kind would need substantial 
training to pass for human, and then would need "connections" to get 
started.  The portent was of true despair.  On any world where these 
creatures had gained a foothold, the native population has been reduced 
to subserviency.  If I could only get the word out, somehow, they'd stop 
her--

And me.  A single egg had sealed my fate to hers.  How was I to know?  
If they even thought that I might somehow already carry the Apgerian 
breeding ability, there'd be an "accident," and that would be that.  But 
still, myself or an entire, thriving population... of people who don't 
value my life, why should I value theirs... but then again...

And so it went, until Ker returned.  Total indecision.

"In the bathtub with you," Ker demanded, although she didn't exert her 
control.  "We've got company coming, and you're a bit strong for her 
right now."

On my back, in her tub, slender legs spreading over me, and a moment 
later I was completely soaked in Apgerian urine.  The only antidote, so 
it seems.  She made me lay there, in her yellowish humiliation, for 
minutes before allowing me to rinse and dry, and then dress.

"You haven't eaten anything," she said.  "You'll have to wait for 
dinner."

The woman who arrived for dinner was beautiful, and, as I realized, 
_entirely normal_, human, as I had been.  Too beautiful for this; too 
intelligent.  And in a moment of distraction, I tried to cry out:

"Wait--"

And this was all I said, all I could say, before she tightened her 
control again.  The woman become more relaxed, a bit of alcohol, and 
soon the conversation became free, and Ker called me "her plaything", 
and as the sexual frenzy began to build, as I slowly teased this woman 
to excitement, it was really Ker pulling the strings.  Inside I was 
split between passion-- those lips, all that wonderful skin-- and 
anguish.  For it was within Ker's belly that lay the second egg, which 
would be this woman's undoing.  Ker waited on the sidelines, playing 
with herself as I sprawled on the bed with a woman whose name I didn't 
know.  My head between her legs, tickling, teasing her, and just moments 
before orgasm I saw Ker emerge from the periphery, as aroused as the 
human was, and as I watched, she spread her legs across the woman's 
body, and fixed her pussy to the woman's mouth.

I stopped licking.  Ker didn't force me to continue.  Minutes passed, 
and then the contractions began.  For Ker, it was labor; childbirth; for 
the woman who swallowed Ker's discharge... it might as well have been 
death.

She kept me quiet, and curled next to us, and the two of them slept.

I kept hoping that, somehow, I'd get control when Ker fell asleep, but 
she used her power to drag me to sleep alongside.

I did, however, wake up first.  And Ker-- somehow, woke up last.

"You have to get out of here.  She's an Apgerian!"  My whispers 
strained; the words needed to be shouted.  "You-- You've been--"

The woman got the point.  We were barely out of the bedroom when the 
spray came; all five shots hitting the woman, in her hair, her 
shoulders, buttocks, back, legs.  I wheeled, furious, to see the red 
warning spot between Ker's legs.  The woman fell, sick, unable to 
breathe.

Then I fell over onto my bottom, just in the doorway, nearly hitting the 
stricken human.

"Hold her," Ker commanded, on her feet, walking closer.

I resisted.

"Do it."

I lay on my side, putting my arms around the female, protectively, 
holding her close.  The poor lady was _not_ throwing up; it was too 
late.  The organism would have control of that part of her brain, now.

Ker stood above us, legs spread, menacing.  Her red spot glared, 
flushed; then she brought her pelvis down close, and took the first 
spray at my head, and covered the two of us with at least ten more.

She stood.  "That'll last at least a week," she said.  "Frankly, I'm 
surprised at you.  By now, everything but the tips of your fingers and 
toes must be mine.  I shouldn't have to restrain you at all.  I didn't 
want to have to break you completely."

"I... I'm sorry," I said.  I felt, in the bottom of my soul, that I was 
honest.  "I _am_ yours."

She knew I was telling the truth, for she released me.  I helped the 
woman -- Andlina -- to her feet, and the three of us sat, waiting for 
the egg to grow.

Four days later, I could no longer stand to be apart from Andlina.  The 
skin on my ventral surfaces was red, and raw, matching Andlina's dorsal.  
When Ker released us to push our way into each other, I knew there was 
no turning back.  I came to her from behind, and held her, my body 
entering hers, my skin adhering.  Her body emptied its waste into mine 
at the first opportunity, to make room for the uterus which now occupied 
more than half her body, _empty_, and soon overflowed into mine.  There 
was no disgust, however, no horror; Andlina's genital slit soon 
spreading between my legs as it enlarged, our legs adhering, a single 
pelvis between us, and-- growing fur.   the back of her head sinking 
into my chest, her breasts vanishing.  We were a creature no human had 
ever seen, or ever would. Two-thirds of a true Apgerian; the kind that 
can reproduce.

Ker had amazing patience, or so it seemed, as she waited for us.  Little 
seemed to happen to her.  We didn't notice all of the things that were 
happening to us.

And finally, she came close.  And closer.  My arms, seemingly useful for 
nothing else, grabbed Ker's legs-- my head, whatever shape it was by 
now, between them.  And pushing.  Pushing hard.  It didn't fit, and Ker 
tried to relax and I tried to breathe the right way and pull down on her 
legs just right, and wiggle the right way, to build Ker's excitement, 
until she could stretch the lips of her alien vagina down over me.  
Push.  Push.  Push.  Ker made a bit more room as I entered, urine 
splashing down before me, then, quickly, all her weight upon us, lifting 
her feet from the floor, praying that the lubrication was enough.

And her pussy tightened around my neck, and that was it.  The 
connections were clean, and numerous, nerves, blood flow, elimination.  
A strange kind of centaur, now, but complete.  Ker had the mouth, so she 
would eat and drink; the one who was Andlina had the urethra, so she 
would urinate for the three of us; I had the anus.  Six days after 
joining, Ker began to fill her lower half -- us -- with her eggs, one at 
a time, once per day, passing them down my throat, and Andlina was all 
too ready to take them from me and start them growing within our shared 
uterus.

We'd lie down, on our side, and marvel at what we were doing.  The 
vagina we shared would change this world, as we brought eleven Apgerians 
into the world with it.

Three days before labor began, Ker separated her body from mine; she 
simply closed her connections and pulled violently away.  It was heart-
wrenching to have her leave us behind, to know she regained her normal 
appearance even as we were gasping for air, something I had not tasted 
for so long; dormant lungs unused for nearly two years.  It was a full 
day before I could even see again.  Our body is bloated and useless, and 
where we were once dominated by Ker, we are now being tormented from 
within.  The children-- so many of them, so large, have been making 
increasing demands upon us.  We cannot eat-- Ker took the key components 
of a digestive system with her when she left, so we are being digested 
from within.  The children will leave us only enough to survive until we 
give birth to all of them.

Recording the story quickly now, with Ker long gone.  Now I know why 
they are hated so.  They traded the lives of two humans for these eleven 
children, but we grant them that.  We fell for their lures; they deserve 
to replace us.  The ten children are normal-- appearing adolescent, 
somehow; innocent, harmless, except for the last.

The one remaining Apgerian girl within our womb knows us.  She knows she 
is the last.  It is one other thing about Apgerians that we do know.  Even
now, as she takes the last bit of useable energy from us, she holds 
within herself -- in her bladder, the toxin, the substance that will 
finally end this existence.  The others did not have this.  We took 
their wastes from them as easily as we fed them.  But she holds hers.  
Ker told us this: No matter how hard we try, as we exert the last of our 
strength to expel her, to bring her to this world, she will find the 
time to do it.

I don't doubt that this act is one of merciful kindness.  To persist 
beyond, as... this-- would be nothing but agony.  That she has taken my 
life is not why I despise her.  I despise their kind... only because 
I... was in love with her.

The last one is coming.  Despite all my wisdom and destiny, I do what 
Ker says I will do: expel her quickly, get rid of the living time-bomb 
within my uterus.   Head, shoulders, arms, abdomen.  I-- I can't push 
any more, her waist, still inside.  The devil!  She's spreading her legs 
within me; I can't squeeze them back together!  Let go of my legs!  I 
can't believe-- she's still half-inside, sitting up, smiling-- at me!

"Just one more second..."

Her smile-- suddenly comfortable-- Oh god, I feel it, warm, no, hot, 
melting, I--
