			The Appointment
			by Michael Peters (mlpeters@umd.umich.edu)

	Ensign Jason Patterson approached the door to Counselor Deanna 
Troi's personal quarters with some nervousness.  He had been assigned to 
the Enterprise for six months now, and it was time for his review.  He 
was nervous, since he had already seen Counselor Troi before, and his 
thoughts were not very professional.  He had been seated at the 
Navigation console during the Beta watch, and the Counselor had the 
bridge, since she had received her promotion to Commander.  Jason had 
briefly looked over his shoulder and his eyes instantly fixated on Troi's 
breasts, which were fairly obvious underneath her blue-and-black 
uniform.  He had instantly averted his eyes, blushing, because he knew 
the Counselor could sense feelings.  Now, as he waited outside the 
Counselor's quarters, he wondered if she would bring up that event.

	"Uh, Counselor.  It's Ensign Patterson.  I'm here for our 
ten-hundred appointment" he said to the door, expecting it to open 
soon.  There was no response.  Jason frowned, and said "Computer, 
location of Counselor Troi."

	"Counselor Troi is in Holodeck three."

	The ensign shrugged, and walked to the Holodeck.  He wondered why 
the session would be in the holodeck, but could not figure it out.  When 
he arrived, the doors instantly opened, and he entered the holodeck 
without thinking.  Only when the doors clanged shut did he notice his 
surroundings.

	He was in an ornate room, reminiscent of the palace at 
Versailles.  The floor was marble, the walls richly decorated with 
paintings, cherubs, and gold inlay.  A large pair of windows looked out 
into the gardens.  However, the stunning part of the whole creation was a 
large, fancy bed with stuffed pillows, and Counselor Troi sitting on the 
edge of it, her hands neatly folded in her lap.  But instead of wearing 
her uniform, she wore a white and gold 18th-century dress, low cut to 
show off her breasts.  The dress stopped just above the floor, but Ensign 
Patterson could see that Troi was wearing white,  high-heeled shoes and 
white stockings.  Her long black hair spilled down her back and over her 
shoulders.  A slight strand winded its way down the front of her dress 
and was perched right above her cleavage...

	With a start and some effort, Jason immediately focused his eyes 
on the Counselor's eyes, telling himself not to look.  "Counselor, if 
this is a bad time, I can reschedule our appointment?"

	"Of course not.  Sit down, Ensign."  Troi patted the spot next to 
her on the bed.  Jason's heart skipped a beat, but he obeyed the counselor.

	"Comfy?"

	"Uh, yes, Counselor."

	"You don't have to be so formal.  You may call me Deanna, Jason" 
Troi purred, leaning a little closer to the horny ensign.  Jason could 
now look down the front of the dress and see that Troi's breasts were 
even better than he had imagined.  "Do you like what you see?" asked Deanna.

	"You're very attractive" Jason answered, then realized what a 
lame answer that was.  Here was a beautiful Betazed woman within one 
foot, and all he could say was attractive.  "I mean..."

	Deanna smiled.  "You can see more, if you want."  She began to 
slowly pull up her dress, revealing more and more leg.  Jason marveled at 
the smoothness, and reached out to touch it.  Just as he got a hand on 
it, he heard another voice say, "Deanna, did you think you could start 
without me?"

	Jason whirled around to see Dr. Crusher in a much greater state 
of undress than Troi.  Crusher wore a matching bra and 
garter-and-stocking set in a light green, which highlighted her coppery 
red pubic hair.  She strode over to Jason and Deanna, bent down, and 
kissed Jason on the lips.  The sweet perfumy smell of the Doctor, and the 
wisp of her hair only served to strengthen his cock.  "Now, Ensign.  We 
do have some ground rules.  First, you have to watch us get ready before 
we can get down to business.  Now bring that chair over here and sit 
down.  Deanna needs help getting this dress off.  And get out of that 
silly uniform.  We're off duty" Crusher said, an impish smile on her face.

	Jason followed the doctor's orders, and was soon sitting on a 
chair, naked, looking at the two stunning women expectantly.

	Beverly began helping Deanna get out of the cumbersome dress.  
Soon, she was even more naked than Beverly, with just a pair of white 
stockings with a thin, white line up the back of them clinging to her 
shapely legs and her white high-heels.  Both of the women were on their 
knees, and Beverly got behind the Counselor and wrapped both of her hands 
around Deanna's breasts.  Deanna had her eyes closed and merely mmm-ed 
slightly.  With a slight squeeze, Crusher made Troi's nipples stick out even 
more, and she began to kiss Deanna on the cheek.  Deanna began to play 
with herself, sticking her finger into her cunt.  When she pulled it out, 
she reached back and proferred the slimy finger to Crusher's hungry 
mouth, and she happily licked at it.  The women disentangled, with 
Deanna's unencumbered breasts swinging freely.

	"It's chocolate time, Bev," Deanna said, and laughed lightly.  
Beverly responded by lying down on the bed, chest down and ass up, and 
Deanna put a pillow under her lower chest, which reised Beverly's lean 
ass up a few inches.  Next, Deanna reached over and retrieved a fancy 
silver goblet from the floor.  "Come over, Jason," Deanna invited, and 
Jason quickly scurried over to the bed.  She began to stir the inside of 
the goblet, and when she removed the spoon, Jason saw chocolate pudding 
on it.  Deanna happily licked it, saying "I love chocolate."  She then 
tilted the goblet, and began to spoon out gobs of it onto Beverly's butt, 
swirling it around with the spoon.  When she finished, the doctor's 
normally clean, white ass was covered on both cheeks with pudding.  
Deanna lowered the goblet closer to her ass, and let a dollop drop out 
and land directly in Beverly's butt crack.  Jason heard a slight gasp 
from the doctor.  Deanna looked at Jason, and exclaimed, "Look at the 
mess I've made.  Will you help me clean it up?"  Jason responded by 
bringing his face to Beverly's left ass cheek, and hungrily began licking 
her smooth ass.  Deanna joined him on the other cheek, their tongues 
gliding over the smooth, rounded flesh.  Jason glanced out of the corner 
of his eye to see Troi's pink tongue, surrounded by her red lips, 
slithering happily as it gathered up pudding.  Then, both the Ensign and 
Counselor brang their attention to the Doctor's ass crack, their tongues 
probing deeper and deeper.  Beverly began moaning, her stockinged legs 
spreading wider and wider.  Deanna stuck her finger up Beverly's cunt, 
and that elicited a wild shriek from the doctor.  Jason saw fluid seeping 
onto the pillow, and Deanna dived for it.

	"Wait," Jason said, stopping the Counselor.  Deanna looked at 
him quizzically, but before she could say a word, Jason unhooked 
Beverly's left stocking from the belt and rolled it off her smooth, 
shapely leg.  Balling it up, he began to wipe up the fluid until the 
flimsy fabric was slick.  Taking the Counselor's face, which still had a 
bit of pudding on the lips, he squeezed both her cheeks, causing her 
mouth to open, and stuffed it in her mouth.  Deanna's eyes widened 
briefly, then closed as the warm taste of Beverly began to fill her 
mouth.  She sat there, reveling in the taste, as Beverly got up and 
unhooked the remaining stocking, then removed her bra and garter.  Jason 
watched eagerly, waiting to see what ministrations the doctor would apply 
to him or Deanna.

	After Beverly removed the stocking from Deanna's mouth, the two 
women now applied their attention to the ensign.  "Lay down," Crusher 
whispered, with strands of her long red hair in her face.  The Counselor 
had also lost her normally professional appearance, with her lipstick 
slightly smeared and her nipples erect.  Jason obeyed, and watched with 
eagerness as Beverly took his firm cock in hand and began to gently 
stroke it.  At the same time, Deanna extended her tongue and began to 
lightly stimulate the head.  Both women speeded up their intensity, and 
Jason groaned as he felt the tingling feeling which always proceeded 
orgasm.  Beverly then moved closer, anticipating his ejaculation.  In the 
instant before he came, Deanna sensed it and promptly wrapped her lips 
around his cock, just as Jason's cock erupted.  The sight of her long 
black hair and beautiful face got him even more hot, and he emptied his 
load into her eager mouth.  She immediately released him, and Beverly 
quickly lowered her face and began to lick off any remaining come.  Then, 
she raised her face, and saw that a little trail of Jason's come was 
leaking from the corner of Troi's mouth.  She eagerly licked it up, her 
tongue tracing the outline of Deanna's mouth.  With a moan of passion, 
the women separated and looked down at the ensign.

	"I think you should make an appointment to see me for a physical,
Ensign," said Beverly.

	Jason looked at Troi and Crusher, and immediately agreed to the
appointment.  "I think the Counselor should also have one too," he 
replied.  "After all, she has a tendency to eat too much chocolate, and 
to make a mess."

	Beverly smirked, and said "I agree.  But as for me, I prefer 
whipped cream," as she ran her hand over Deanna's smooth ass, and Jason 
immediately knew that the next six months on the Enterprise would be very 
interesting.
