                      THE ARMY AND THE NAVY
                      ---------------------

     It was during the summer of '83 that Joe and Pete met on the
beach. Joe was the son of a navy seaman and Pete was the son of
an army colonel. Joe had a younger brother named Will and Pete
had one by the name of Harry. Well I guess you're wondering what
they all looked like right? Well I'll try to tell you even though
I really can't be positive. Joe was 5 foot 6 and 165 lbs. very
strongly built, he wanted to be a marine, and had the craziest
blue eye's that changed to green when it got dark. He had dirty
blond hair and always wore musk cologne. Guess he thought he
could attract more girls that way, even though he was a virgin.
Then there's Pete, who was almost the same except he was 5 foot 5
and 145lbs. He had the same hair and green eyes all the time. He
too worked out a lot and wanted to be a marine. They turned down
both guys because they were too young (you had to be at least 18
and they were only 16), and because they were too short.

     They were told by the recruiter that when they get older
maybe they will grow the few extra inches they need to join. Both
were in tip top physical shape. Joe worked out in the gym every
day for one hour a day. Pete three days a week for two hours each
day. Well anyway, Joe was walking past the army base when he saw
a beach that was almost empty. When he got there he could see a
few guys only. Then he saw his little brother was on the far end
with some other guy. Well he didn't have anything to do anyway so
he walked over to them. The second he got there Pete almost
trampled Joe! God was Joe mad, he almost started a fight right
there even though Pete kept apologizing and saying he didn't want
to fight.

     When Joe calmed down he found out that Pete was Harry's big
brother and Pete found out Will was Joe's little brother. As they
sat and talked to each other the day slowly wore on. Just about
2pm Will stood up and turned to Harry and said,"Hey sweet cheeks
wanna go for a swim?"

     "Sure babe!"

     And off they went, arm in arm. Oh didn't I tell you? Will
and Harry were lovers. Will was 18 and Harry was 17 going on 18.
Will looked a lot like his brother only not that much muscle. He
had a really smooth swimmers body and had nice firm legs. He was
only 5 foot 6 and 140lbs. Really light and perfect for swimming.
Harry was 5 foot 7 and 155 lbs. He too had a swimmers build, but
that came from swimming in the ocean and trying to get guys'
attentions. As the two of the younger boys left, Joe and Pete
started to talk and they both had the same interests. Soon the
day rolled to around 4pm and the two younger boys weren't back
yet. Joe and Pete got worried and started to walk along the beach
looking into the ocean and towards the reef for the two younger
guys.

     When they came to the barrier wall, or sea wall, they
climbed to the other side only to find the two in a really hot
session with each other. Joe was shocked, he never knew his
brother was gay and Pete almost had a heart attack at what he
saw! The two younger boys were in a 69 position sucking off each
other's nice hard cocks. As Will's cock was being sucked by Harry
and vice-versa, Pete and Joe quietly slipped down the wall and
were only three feet away. They could smell the two boys cocks
from where they were and Joe looked down to see that Pete had a
small bulge building up. When Pete saw what Joe was looking at,
he pointed to Joe's crotch and Joe saw his own cock swelling. As
they watched they got hotter and hotter. Joe knew he wanted to
fuck Pete and feel Pete's cock in his burning arse but was afraid
to come out as a queer.

     Pete on the other hand just walked up to Joe and grabbed his
cock! Joe was so relieved that Pete made the first move that he
let out a small sigh of relief. Only problem is that the two
younger boys heard, they didn't stop but they watched the two
older guys start playing with themselves. After about five
minutes the two younger boys stopped and looked at Pete and Joe.
When Joe noticed he pulled his rock hard prick from Pete's hands
and almost ran home. If Will didn't say anything he probably
would have.

     "Hey big brother! Wanna fuck me? I really could use a big
hard cock rammed into my tight little hole! Come on! Fuck me!
Please?! or I'll tell mom what you and Pete were doing here
today!"

     He knew he would so he turned and walked back to Pete's
side. Pete looked at Joe and Joe at Pete. Joe just shrugged his
shoulders and jumped down to the beach below. Pete followed and
watched what was about to happen. When Joe got there he could see
that Harry, while short had a big fucking cock and man was he
hung! Joe reached down and started to feel it.

     "Oh God are you hung! Man what a nice cock!"

     "Why don't you put your mouth on it Joe, it tastes as good
as it looks!" said Will.

     Joe:"Well I'm not sure. I mean I ain't no fag you know."

     Will: "Sure and you weren't feeling up Harry's brother
either right?"

     Pete: "He's got you there stud, might as well take a taste.
If you do I'll taste your cock, ok?"

     Pete was dying to suck of Joe. Just watching him move and
flex his well tanned body wanted to make him cream in his pants.

     Joe: "OK, but if I don't like it I'm gonna stop."

     Harry: "OK stud, what ever you want."

     Joe slowly and carefully pressed his face on Harry's cock.
As soon as his cock was an inch from Joe's lips he could smell
the young guy's cock dying to be sucked by his warm hungry mouth.
For no apparent reason Joe just swallowed Harry's huge 7 inches
into his mouth. When Harry's cock was all most all in Joe's
mouth, Pete took down his shorts and quickly gobbled up Joe's
cock and without ever doing it he started to give him a blowjob.
The excitement of getting head from some stud while having a
young guy's cock stuffed in his mouth almost made him cum right
there. As Pete started to taste the precum juice spilling out of
Joe's slit, he started to go faster trying to squeeze the most he
could just to taste his sweet juice. Joe was wild with passion
and started to really suck Harry off. Harry loved to get sucked,
but since he couldn't cum he only had to imagine what it felt
like to have an orgasm.

     Now Will was getting real tired of watching and had always
wanted to taste his brothers love hole. The very second he put
his nose into Joe's hot young virgin arse Joe shot up and
screamed, "What the fuck are you doing?!"

     Will: "Don't worry big brother, I just wanted to eat your
asshole out, that's all!"

     Pete: "Come one babe let the kid have your ass. He's your
brother."

     Joe: "I know, but..., well..., I'm a..."

     Will: "Virgin!"

     Joe: "How the fuck you know?!"

     Will: "I'd watch you beat your stiff rod while looking at
girly mags in your room when Mom and Dad went to sleep."

     Joe: "You fucking little twirp, I told you to stay out of my
room!"

     Will: "I wasn't in your room, I was in my room looking
through a hole you made when you moved your weights to the other
side of your room. So calm down and lie down before I pound you
down!"

     Joe: "Try it runt!"

     With that Will pulled one of his big brothers legs out from
under him and then quickly straddled his chest,pinning Joe's arms
with his legs. Now Will's cock was almost in Joe's face. And Joe
wanted nothing more than for Will to shove his rock hard 6 inch
prick down his throat! Will seeing this did just that! As Joe
felt his little brother's raging hard on going down his throat he
let out a small sigh of relief again and Pete began sucking Joe's
rock hard cock again.

     Now Joe's uncut 9 inches was a little hard to take all the
way in Pete's mouth, but he got it in anyway. As Pete felt Joe's
cock tip hit the back of his throat he suddenly felt a hot mouth
on his cock. It was Harry! Will was on a power trip. He had his
brother where he wanted him and he and Joe knew it. Joe loved the
feeling of being dominated even though he was being dominated by
his little brother. Pete loved the feeling of his new friend's
cock slamming into his throat and his little brother sucking his
huge cut 10 inches.

     As all four boys started to feel good suddenly Will
exclaimed,"Better get r-r-ready Joe! I think I-I-I'm gon-n-n-na
cuuuuuuuu.... uhhhhh! swallow that hot load bitch! Swallllow my
lllloaad! you lllove it! uhhhh... ummmmph..."

     As Joe swallowed each hot spurt he felt closer and closer to
cumming himself. Will filled his mouth twice and he almost choked
on his brother's cum. As he swallowed he loved the salty sweet
taste of Wills cum and new he wanted more. When Will finished his
load Joe looked disappointed. He wanted a real hot load in his
mouth again and looked down at Pete who was going wild over his
cock! Pete just kept stuffing Joe's cock in his mouth faster and
faster until Joe started to feel his balls ache with that well
know feeling but this time he felt different! This of course was
the first time he ever got a blow job as well as give one! And
the mixed feelings made him want to cum in pail fulls!

     As he felt his balls tighten he knew he couldn't hold it and
yelled "Oh Baby ... IIII think III'm gonnnna cuuuuummmmm!"

     And with that Pete got his first taste of boy cum. As the
hot sticky liquid filled his mouth to overflowing he didn't want
to swallow, not yet at least. He wanted to savour the taste. He
loved the taste of cum and wanted more. As he swallowed his first
mouthful, Joe filled his mouth again. When he swallowed that one
Joe filled his mouth again! Joe's balls were sending up every
last drop they could find! Finally Pete felt Joe's spasms subside
and knew he was almost done, Joe on the other hand was in another
world! He didn't know what to say until he saw what Pete was
doing. When he saw some cum slip from his lips he knew he was
holding Joe's hot jism and Joe wanted some! So he quickly scooted
over and shoved his tongue into Pete's. When there tongues met,
it was like fireworks!

     They knew they were made for one another! They had to see
each other a lot more times! Suddenly Pete swallowed and almost
swallowed Joe's tongue with his prize! When Pete pulled away he
screamed at such a loud voice the entire army base must have
heard, I know I did. That's how I know this shit.

     Anyway, Pete yelled that he was cumming and Joe almost went
wild when Harry refused to let Pete's cock go. He at least wanted
to get some cum in his hot little teen mouth! Joe made a real
fast deal with him. He could fuck Joe's arse if he let Joe get
Pete's load. Harry quickly agreed, he loved to fuck guys.
Especially Will. As Pete started to shoot his white hot load of
cream into Joe's mouth Joe felt Harry spit into his hole.

     Joe was too busy with Pete's load to stop Harry and he did
promise Harry could fuck him. Joe was on all fours sucking off
Pete and as the last drop of cum came from Pete's cock Joe felt a
sudden shot of pain flood through his entire body!

     He screamed "What the hell are you doing?!"

     Harry had shoved his entire cock into Joe's virgin but all
at once and Joe was in real pain! He was in severe pain! As the
pain subsided he suddenly felt Harry's hard cock in his arse and
somehow it really turned him on. His cock jumped to full length
and he felt the pressure build up in his prick. As Harry started
to pump his young teen cock into Joe, Joe was taken over by a
feeling of euphoria and love! He didn't want this day to end! He
wanted to be fucked and sucked all day and night for the rest of
his life! As Harry pumped suddenly without touching his cock Joe
felt like he was going to shoot his load! As Joe yelled it Harry
quickly opened his mouth. He was the only one who didn't cum or
swallow any hot thick tasty sperm. And he was hungry for some!

     As Joe started to shoot his load the force was so strong
that Harry caught three globs of cum in his mouth and the rest
shot onto his face and hairless chest. When Joe's spasms of joy
and pleasure stopped Harry took his hard young cock out of his
arse and started to kiss his hole. Then he rubbed a little of the
cum on his chest into Joe's arse and that sent shivers up and
down his spine for hours! Joe, the only guy to be completely and
totally used by the group loved it. He loved being used and what
made it even better, Pete couldn't keep his hands off Joe. Pete
was wild for him.

     As the four guys got up to get dressed I just happen to have
tripped and fell right in front of them. As Joe looked he knew
who I was. He smiled and said "Hi Jim, I uh guess your wondering
what I'm doing eh? I was Joe's trainer, now I'm his best fuck
friend and trainer."

     As Joe looked at my cock and saw I was as hard as a rock he
pointed it out to the other guys. He smiled at me and just walked
over to me and picked me up. I had to tell him then and there
what I was doing when I happen to take a good look at Will.
"Billy? is that you?!"

     Will: "Oh Fuck! Jimmy! I'm a just here with, ah, my friends
and, uh, I was going to call but, uh, I was kinda ..."

     Me: "Ah who cares, it's not like I'm your boyfriend or
anything."

     Joe: "You know my brother?! And you're gay?!!"

     Me: "I was going to tell you but you never gave me a
chance."

     Pete:"Hi my name's Pete. and this is..."

     Me: "I know, how's it hanging Harry?"

     Harry:"Fine, how's that hot cock of yours babe?"

     Me: "Hard!!"

     Will: "Well maybe we can do something for that problem!"

     Joe:"You're gay?!!"

     Me:"Hey I may be a marine but that doesn't mean I have to be
straight now does it?"

     Joe:"You're gay?!!!"

     Pete: "Hey Joe, what do you care! You're gay too, now!"

     Joe: "I know that but I mean this guy is unreal! He had
women crawling all over him!"

     Me: "Well I may be gay but I'm not stupid enough to let the
corps find out! Do you know what they do to gay guys?! They beat
them until their nothing but a bloody pulp!"

     Joe: "You're gay??!!!!!"

     Me: "Will you stop!"

     Pete: "Jesus Joe! Will you cut it out and suck that poor
mans cock!"

     With that Joe looked at Pete. Pete couldn't believe what he
said! Joe couldn't either! Will just looked at me and smiled.
"I'll take care of this problem Jim so don't fret!"

     With that Will started to undo my Levis and Harry started to
massage my chest and shoulders. As soon as my jeans were down to
my ankles Harry started to rip my shirt off and suck on my
nipples. When Joe and Pete got out of their shock and saw what
was going on, they just looked at each other and started to walk
off, until I stopped them that is. "And where the fuck you think
your going maggot?!"

     Joe: "Who, me?!"

     me: "No the fucking ducks! Who else is a maggot here?!"

     Joe: "Go fuck off!" he loved to get me excited.

     Me: "What did you say maggot food?!" I gave him such a cold
and steely look he almost lost his voice!

     Joe: "I,uh, I, uh, can't, uh, can't remember Sir!"

     As he stood at attention Pete saw my look and snapped to
attention as well.

     Me: "OK you meat heads! Get your scrawny faggot asses over
here on the double! hut het hut het hut het!"

     Joe and Pete ran to my side. Pete to my left, Joe to the
right.

     Me: "Did I say you could leave?!"

     Joe and Pete: "No Sir."

     Me: "What did you say, I can't hear you!"

     Joe and Pete: "NO SIR!"

     Me: "Get those jeans off now!"

     Joe and Pete: "YES SIR!"

     As Joe and Pete quickly peeled off their jeans again and
stood at attention their underwear which was soaked from all the
sex they had this day, I knew I had both their hard young bodies
at my command, I also had Will and Harry! They loved it when I
ordered them around or when I spanked them. They always loved
that one. I really didn't like doing it till Will begged me to.
So I did and got off beating his little young arse red.

     Me: "You two, are you just going to stand there and watch?!"

     Harry and Will (laughing): "Yes Sir!"

     Me: "WHAT?!!!"

     Harry and Will (scared): "N-n-no sir!"

     Me: "Then get your young fag asses over here and lick these
two soldiers asses clean!"

     As Harry and Will obeyed my command I noticed Joe was dying
for me to give him a command, a task. Pete on the other hand was
loving getting his arse licked by Harry.

     Me: "Halt! Now I want you two young hung solders to lick
these cute little boy's asses till they shine! Then when they
shine I want Joe to lick my ass-hole clean! Is that understood?!"

     The boys: "Yes Sir!!"

     As Will and Harry got up and Pete and Joe got down, Joe
really loved kissing his brothers smooth hairless arse and when
he got his first taste of a guy's arse he went completely insane
causing Will to moan in ecstasy. As Pete looked through the
corner of his eye I could tell he was angry that Joe was doing
such a good job. I figured that Joe and Pete must be lovers and
wanted to test this theory out by making Pete and Joe bend over
while I fuck them. But first I wanted to see Joe eat my arse out.
As Joe finished his licking I noticed that Will was going to cum!
I quickly ordered Harry to suck off Will and to swallow every
drop of cum till his balls were dry. He did as I commanded. Not
bad for a private in the marines eh? I had my own army, a sex
army! and since I'd be getting cut loose next month I told Joe
I'd help him train to get in.

     Anyway, as I watched Harry suck every last sweet drop of
juice out of Will's rock hard cock, I felt that my own cock was
getting extremely hard! as I looked down, as did Joe and Pete, it
had rose to full length! Joe and Pete gave a big gulp when they
saw it.

     Will: "May I say something sir?"

     Me: "Go ahead!"

     Will to Joe: "I took that hole hard rod up my arse last
night, let's see you do that soldier boy!"

     Joe looked scared as all hell as he saw my huge 12 inches
swing in the air freely. Pete looked at me and I had a very
strange smile on my face. Joe just stood there. After about five
minutes he said something.

     Joe: "I-I-'ll t-try s-sir!"

     Me: "Good! Now get your scrawny arse over here and bend down
like a man!"

     As Joe did I knew Will was lying through his teeth, since
I'd never fuck a boy with my cock unless I knew he could take it.
I knew Joe could. I saw that today. As Joe spread his cheeks I
looked over at Will trying to hold back the laughter. I stopped
that right away! Since Will's arse was as cherry as Joe's was. I
knew I couldn't pass up the opportunity to see him get what he
deserves!

     Me: "Billy front and centre!"

     Will: "Yes Sir!"

     Me: "Harry behind him!"

     Harry (smile on his face): "Yes Sir!"

     Me: Wipe that smile of your face boy!"

     Harry (scared): "Yes Sir!"

     Me: "Billy I understand you have been a bad boy! I think you
need a spanking!"

     Since he had one last night from me until his arse was beet
red he looked at me for mercy. No way Jose! I thought. He hated
to have his arse beat two days in a row! So now he was going to
have his arse turned red as a beet and then Pete's going to fuck
his arse raw!

     Me: "Billy, on your knees maggot!"

     Will: "Y-Yes sir.

     Me: "What?! I can't hear you!"

     Will: "Y-Yes (gulp) s-sir!"

     Me: "OK then! On your knees, maggot!"

     As Bill got on his knees Harry loved it and I couldn't blame
him. He got off spanking me a few times to. Oh don't think I
forgot about Joe. I wanted him to sweat it out and have Pete
simmer in his own juices for a while. Me: "Now Maggot! On your
hands!

     And stick that hairless woman's butt in the air high!"

     Will: "Y-Yes S-Sir!"

     When he had done what I said I turned to Harry.

     Me: "Soldier I want you to beat his arse till it glows!"

     Harry: "Yes Sir!!"

     Harry was waiting for this day. He started to hit Will's
arse soft and work his way into a harder faster rhythm. To my
surprise Will was getting into it! Now I turned to Pete.

     Me: "You Soldier! When that kid's arse is as red as a fire I
want you to shove you hard cock into his ass, no spit! no lube!
raw!"

     Now Will started to get scared and was praying Harry
wouldn't quit. This way his arse would be saved. No such luck! as
soon as his as was beet red, Pete walked over to Will and shoved
his dry cock into Will's raw sore ass. The mix of pain and
pleasure ran through out Will's body. Pete on the other hand was
watching me and Joe. I knew he was but didn't say anything. As
Joe bent down I spit in my hand and started to rub it in and out
of his ass. He wanted to get fucked something awful! As Pete
watched, I ordered Harry to suck my cock to get it real slick and
then I spat right into Joe's hole. When the two of us were well
more than ready I spread his hairless cheeks and plunged my head
into his ass. His arse muscles were tight and fighting my every
move.

     As I pulled back a little I heard him scream, "No shove it
in me! Please Sir! Shove it in me and make me feel what it's like
to have a man in me!"

     God could I refuse such a request?! As I shoved my cockhead
back in I felt his muscles loosen up a little. When my cock was
in three inches he was almost about to shoot another load! When I
had it in all the way was when Pete left Bill and walked over to
me.

     Pete: "He's mine sir!"

     Me: "Is he? and you are his?"

     Pete: "Yes Sir!"

     Me: "Are you willing to fight for him?"

     Pete: "Yes Sir!!"

     Me: "Then son, he's yours. I knew you loved him."

     Joe pulled away from my cock and breathed a little better.
He looked at me and then at Pete. Pete just stared at the ground
and kicked a little sand.

     Joe: "You love me?"

     Pete: "Yes."

     Joe: "What?"

     Pete:"YES!!!"

     Joe: "Thanks Jim, I owe you two! I think me and my new lover
will go home now sir and talk and stuff, with your permission."

     Me: "Now I'm just Jim, no more mister meanie."

     Harry and Bill looked relieved.

     Me: "Did I say I was through with you two maggots?!"

     Will and Harry: "No Sir!"

     Me to Joe and Pete: "You two get out of here and go
someplace nice. Here." I gave Joe ten dollars. "Take this cute
guy somewhere nice tonight and treat him to a good meal. I think
he'll need it before he goes to be with you. You two are really
made for one another."

     Harry and will: "Sir can we go?"

     Me: "No!"

     Harry: "OK, OK, just asking!"

     Will: "Yeah! we rebel!"

     Me: "OK then, go home. but don't ever call me again!"

     Harry and Will: "Sorry sir! we will stay!"

     Me to Joe: "Don't lose him and don't forget, being gay is
great. Just be proud about who and what you are and don't hide
it."

     Joe: "Thanks Jim."

     Joe then kissed me on my cheek. I tell you I never felt
better than that very moment.

     Pete: "Sir, thanks."

     Me: "Call me Jim."

     Pete: "Thanks Jim."

     Pete then kissed me on the lips and Joe kinda gave his
feelings about it. As they gathered their clothes I turned to my
two younger charges and hollered orders all through the day till
I came and Will came. I don't see them that much anymore. Joe and
Pete are in the army together. Harry and Bill are in the navy.
Last time they met they were on the beach and I spotted them
there that time as well, but that's another story.

     Now I walk the beaches alone and hope to find two new young
hunks to order around -- maybe I'll see you there some day?!
