                           ARMY EXPERIENCE
                           ---------------


    It's possible to have a sexual encounter in the most unexpected of
places. When I took Basic Training at the ROTC camp in Kentucky's Fort
Knox, I  hadn't expected to have the sort of experience that I'm about
to relate.  I arrived  at Fort  Knox in the middle of June, along with
hundreds of  other cadets. We were civilians about to have the equiva-
lent of  boot camp  instruction, intending  to prepare  us for officer
training, that  would later  follow during the next couple of years in
college. I ended up NOT going into the ROTC program, though that's an-
other story...

    In the  fifth week of the program, my company (about 50 or so men)
went on  a bivouac,  which is  the Army's  way of saying "forced march
followed by  uncomfortable campout".  The march  was not  too bad,  in
spite of  carrying the full combat gear, though the high humidity made
even the Southern boys sweat a lot... We finally got to a place in the
woods where  those in  charge decided  we should  settle down  for the
night, and we made camp.

    When the  acting squad  leader told  us to "buddy up" with someone
for each two-man tent, I found Tony standing next to me. Since we were
both in the same squad (a group of about a dozen men), we slept in the
same part of the barracks, used the same showers and latrine, and were
occasionally paired up for exercise drills that required two men (like
getting the DAMNED poncho folded the first time!).

    I had  previously noticed how Tony seemed especially quiet when he
was near me, and how he seemed to try to be around me as often as pos-
sible... Tony  is a  Southern boy,  that is, he's from Georgia, with a
quaint accent  (this coming  from a  Native Californian),  and  had  a
nicely tanned  body, just short of six foot in height, somewhat on the
thin side, though well muscled.

    He has  nice green eyes that seemed to sparkle, and a somewhat shy
smile. He  was quite  cute. Notice  I didn't  say anything  about  his
hair... He  didn't have much, at least, not more than some blonde fuzz
- we  were in  the Army  remember! He was about two years younger than
myself, and  when we  talked, he seemed to be especially interested in
where I was from and what I liked to do. Yes, I noticed him, but since
there is no privacy in basic training, I never had a chance to talk to
him on any particularly personal level.

    I was  both surprised  and pleased  when I  found myself paired up
with Tony  for the  night... I  immediately started to fantasize about
the possibilities.  Not that I expected anything to happen, not in the
middle of  an Army  camp of  all places,  and not with someone who was
planning on  joining the Army to be an officer - then again, so was I,
and that didn't stop me from thinking about such things... Luckily, we
did not  draw night  watch or  anything else which might interrupt our
sleep (or whatever).

    When Tony  and I  finally got into the tent, after some night time
training, I  was getting  quite uptight. It had been a couple of weeks
since I  had a  chance to  jackoff, as there is NO real privacy in the
barracks. I  found the  only chance to do it was during the night-time
"fire watch",  which I  got only  every week and a half or so. Yeah, I
was quite horny, from being around a lot of guys day after day, watch-
ing them take showers and such, and NOT being able to jackoff with any
decent frequency.

    I was ready for Tony, now if only he were ready for me...? I found
myself becoming  shy when it finally came time to crawl into my sleep-
ing bag.  I ended  up just  saying goodnight,  and not suggesting any-
thing... And  I was  really hardup. In the Army basic training, you do
not get  much sleep, so any chance you get, you sleep. So I started to
fall asleep within minutes after settling down.

    Then I  felt Tony move his bag closer to mine. A few minutes later
I half-felt,  half-heard, his  bag's zipper,  as he  slowly opened his
bag. I  stayed silent.  Then, when I started to think I had just imag-
ined it, I felt his warm fingers touch me on my chest. He ran his fin-
gers through  the hair  on my chest - his was quite smooth - then they
slowly moved down my body. I was not sure if he was aware I was awake,
or even cared.

    He got  to my  belly button,  which he circled, and finally, to my
pubic hair.  He stopped  for a moment, probably a bit surprised that I
didn't have  any underwear on; it was hot that night, and I was horny,
so I  had pulled  them down to my ankles when I had first crawled into
my bag.  It was  when he  wrapped his hand around my erect cock that I
decided that  I had better become a more active participant. I quietly
asked him if he liked what he had found.

    "Yes... You're  sure horny,  aren't you?  I just  wanted to... See
what you  felt like."  I decided  to see how horny HE was, so I slowly
leaned across  and very  slowly -  it was  dark, remember - gave him a
kiss on  the lips,  rather hard.  He accepted  it, and  gave it  back,
squeezing my cock as he did. Yeah, I had a live one!

    Tony turned  out to  be quite  horny... After  kissing some  more,
still firmly grasping my cock, he quietly asked me to zip open my bag.
After I  had opened  up the  bag, thereby exposing myself to him, Tony
got onto  his knees next to me. I reached between his legs and grabbed
at his  cock through his underwear. He was hard also, and a bit longer
than mine,  though thinner.  While I was arranging my bag and checking
him out, Tony was busy rapidly stroking my hard-on.

    "That feels  good, Tony...  You'd  better  slow  down  a  bit,  or
else...", I  said. His  reply was  to lay  down next  to me, and begin
licking my  cock, from  the base  to the tip. I was VERY turned on, by
this time...  Unfortunately, he  had arranged  himself so that I could
not reach  his cock, so I placed my hands on his head instead. By now,
he was  sliding my  dick in and out of his mouth, incidentally sliding
his fuzzy head along my chest and belly, exciting me even further.

    "I'm about  to come...  Do you want to...", I whispered in a pant,
trying not  to be heard by anyone outside - wouldn't that be an embar-
rassment! -  but barely  able to  control my  voice as the feelings of
pleasure overcame  me. Tony was willing to take it, and kept going. It
only took  a few more seconds until I shot my wad, ejaculating for the
first time  in over  a week. I was acting out a fantasy, that of being
with Tony  like this,  that I  had not  expected to ever realize. Tony
readily swallowed my cum, and continued to bob his head up and down on
my cock,  till I  indicated that  I was  through. I  just lay  there a
while, in the after-glow of the orgasm.

    I heard  Tony move away, and a bit later heard him rummage through
his equipment  near the entrance of the tent. I heard the slosh of wa-
ter... He  must have gone to his canteen, to wash out the "flavour" of
the cum  in his  mouth... I  didn't really blame him! I covered myself
with the  flap of  my bag, and waited for the next part... But nothing
happened. Tony  just finished  taking his  drink and settled back into
his bag  and was silent. I couldn't even hear him stroking himself, if
that was  what he  was doing.  After tapping  my  fingers  on  my  bag
silently for  a couple  of minutes, with increasing frustration, I fi-
nally leaned  across and  kissed him lightly on the ear, and whispered
into it, "That was great... I thought you were horny also?"

    "What...?", he  asked, seemingly  surprised. "Wanna  fuck me?",  I
asked, trying to make it sound as nasty as I could, considering that I
was whispering. "Fuck you... I'd thought... Yeah, of course!" I opened
my bag  again, as  Tony got out of his. He was still quite hard, as my
fondling of his crotch indicated. "Off!", I quietly demanded, somewhat
unnecessarily... He  pulled it  off. I moved down and licked his cock,
trying to  get a  lot of  saliva on  it, to lubricate it. I could tell
that he  was not too far from orgasm, so I didn't prolong it. I rolled
onto my  belly, and  he got on top of me, his legs between mine. Then,
he slowly laid on top of me. As he went down, I reached up and grasped
his wet  cock and  positioned it  so that it would easily penetrate my
asshole. Once  he was  down, and was partly inside me, he began slowly
pumping, thrusting himself into me, somewhat slowly.

    "I wont  break, you  know...!" I  said, feeling turned on again by
the feel  of his  long prick  sliding in and out of my asshole. He in-
creased his  pace rapidly. I knew that this wouldn't go on much longer
as he  had been  as hardup as I was, so this opportunity for more than
simple relief  was to  be savoured  while it  lasted... It didn't last
much longer. Within two minutes of insertion, I'd guess - I don't time
these things  with a  stopwatch! -  Tony gave a final few hard thrusts
then held  still. I  could actually  feel his cock throbbing as he or-
gasmed and  shot his  wad into  me. He  continued to  pump a  few more
times, but  slower, apparently  getting the last traces of his pent-up
sexual energies  out of  himself. He  gently slide  off my  back,  and
placed an arm around me, gave me a light kiss, "Thanks."

    Weeks later,  back at  home, I received a letter from Tony. In it,
he told  me how he had had one girlfriend in high school, and had suc-
cessful sex  with her,  but never  really felt complete afterwards. It
turns out  that I  had broken in a virgin gay that night, right in the
middle of  one of the most homophobic of organizations, the U.S. Army.
Oh well...
