Arrest
 
   Driving home from my gym was always a hassle, but tonight
it was pissing down and the cars moved like slugs. I passed a
couple of fended benders, with drivers and cops standing out in
the freezing rain.
   I caught a look at one motorcycle cop, obviously not
prepared for the sudden rain. His uniform, especially his pants,
were soaked and clung to his skin. "He's a healthy young buck", I
thought. As he stood by his bike waving the cars by, our eyes
met. He had a blond moustache, neatly trimmed, and very blue
eyes. " What an Adonis", I thought to myself. I grinned at him,
but he didn't smile back. His handsome face was stern and he
almost sneered at me, but I noticed he watched me drive off.
   Just what I needed now, a cop on my case. I was anxious to
get home; every time I work out I get charged up with so many hot
hunky bodies around. Although I am very well built myself, I am
kind of shy--I always have trouble starting to talk to men. One
guy at my gym tonight was a real knockout. He was about 6'4", and
perfectly proportioned: wide shoulders, hairless chest with huge
pecs, and washboard torso. His best features, however, were his
muscular ass and legs. Even now I imagined myself massaging his
buttocks, kneading and spreading them, and burying my face in
between his cheeks and tickling his anus with my tongue.
   Suddenly my fantasy was cut short by a flashing red light
in the rear view mirror. A motorcycle cop. I looked at the
speedometer; It was near the max, but not over. Pulling over, I
realized this might be the same blond hunky cop who caught my eye
a few minutes earlier.
   When I rolled down my window, there was that perfect
moustache again.
   "License and registration!" he barked, in an amazingly deep
voice.
   "What's the problem, officer?" I asked.
   "Shut your mouth,asshole! You made an illegal turn two
blocks back."
   "What? I haven't turned at all! I..."
   "I said shut up!" He looked at my licence and said, "Follow
me to the station in your car."
   He undid the top few buttons on his shirt, revealing a
well-defined inverted 'V' between his tits. There were a few
strands of dark blond hair visible, and what little I saw of his
tawny chest looked great.
   He stuffed my wallet in his damp shirt and jumped back on
his bike.
   I had little choice but to follow him, but I wanted to get
a better look anyhow.
   The "station" was not a police station. It was some kind of
holding facility, in an small unmarked official-looking building.
I saw only one other person in the bare lobby and halls; another
cop. He looked at me and the big silent blond bullhunk who led me
in. He nodded us by and said, "The downstairs room is free."
   We got in a elevator, and he said "Now pay attention,
shithead. You do exactly as I tell you, or I'll string you up and
beat the crap out of you. Strip."
   "What?! You can't..." Wham! His blow threw me across the
elevator  and into the wall. I was stunned, but realized he had
merely cuffed me as if brushing away a fly. "Now strip. And when
your done, put these on." He threw a pair of hand cuffs at me.
     When the elevator doors opened, I was naked and
handcuffed behind my back. I'm 5'11" and have a body made strong
from years of sports in high school and college: wrestling,
basketball, swimming. But now that I had a close look at my cop,
I was scared. This guy was BIG. His shoulders were incredibly
wide, and his back was so expansive and erect that I couldn't
tell if I was more horny or frightened. My 7 inch cock soon gave
it away. I was starting to get hard, and the head of my thick
meat began to rise away from my body. It bobbed and bounced off
my legs he led me down a deserted corridor to an empty barred
cell.
    "Stay here and play with yourself," he said, throwing me to
the floor of the cell. Then he closed the door, walk back down
the hall, and hit a switch turning off the only light. I heard
the elevator rise away.
   In complete darkness, naked and shivering on a cement
floor,hand- cuffed, hard, and alone.
   "Wake up, asshole!"
   I must have been asleep for hours. I was still where he
threw me on the floor. My body ached from the uncomfortable
position. With one hand he grabbed me under the armpit and pulled
me to my feet. I staggered at first, but froze in my tracks when
I saw the other man.
   It was my fantasy man from the gym, caught by the cop. He
was spread-eagle across the bars, naked, held in place with four
sets of handcuffs. He was as silent as I was, but we exchanged a
frightened look.
   The cop now was now wearing only his pants. His chest was
thick and sparsely covered with that dark blond hair I had seen
before. Once again I was amazed at the size of him. I didn't know
men could be so big. The bulge in his tight uniform pants showed
that his cock matched the rest of him.
   In no time at all I was cuffed like my friend, directly
across from him.
     "O.K., boys, were gonna have some fun!" the cop said.  He
had a gym bag with him and pulled out two cock rings and a cord a
few feet long with a metal clasp at each end and something that
looked like a fishing reel in the middle. He roughly forced my
balls through a cock ring, then did the same to my friend. The
other man had large balls, and winced as they were squeezed
through the small ring. The cop hooked each ring to the rope, so
that it was strung tightly between us. Then he began to turn a
ratchet on the reel. It pulled on our balls and we arched our
backs to relieve the pressure, but he kept turning. He didn't
stop until we were stretched as far as we could, and every time
one of us struggled the other would cry out or moan.
   I was amazed to find that I was getting hard again. Even
more amazing was the other man. I looked over at his circumcised
cock, and sure enough, it was starting to point straight up!
   "Starting to like this, guys?", the cop said. He stood by
my friend , twanging the rope like a guitar string. He massaged
his own tit with one hand and began twisting the man's nipples
with the other. My friend bared his teeth from the pain, but his
cock grew even harder. The cop stroked the man's erect penis a
few times, then leaded over and released the ratchet. Immediately
we fell back against the bars, exhausted. I could feel the blood
returning to my throbbing balls. Looking up, I saw the cop
holding a rag on the face of my friend. His body went limp as a
rag doll. The last thing that I remember was a very sweet smell,
bringing darkness.
     When I came to, my first sight was the cop. Buck naked
and with an enormous semi-hard cock a few feet above me.
   It took a few seconds to clear my head and realize that I
was tied down on the floor, with my head against a wall and my
arms pulled off to my sides. My feet were hanging from straps
suspended from the ceiling, and spread apart. I figured out what
the cop intended and started to struggle. he reached down and
gave my balls a twist, making me yelp. He kept his hand on my
groin, pulling on my cock and balls until I was hard yet again.
Then he took a tube of lube from his gym bag, coated a finger,
and slid it up my ass. Instead of torture, it felt warm and he
skillfully manipulated it. He pulled it out and pressed the tube
against my exposed anus. He squeezed and I felt the lube enter
me. He oiled up his now rock-hard cock, which looked like it was
as thick as my forearm.
   "I can tell your gonna like this, boy! And wait 'til your
friend gets in here! That's when the party really starts! But for
now, pucker up, asshole!"
   Then I felt his hot cockhead, like a carved marble dildo,
press on  eager anus. With one cruel stroke he entered me, slowly
spreading my ass cheeks and sphincter wider than ever before. I
was screaming and writhing in pain! It was like a knife! His
massive bull cock seemed to be tearing my torso in two! Once in
he was still, and smothered me with his heavy frame until my
agony subsided and I stopped struggling.
     Then, almost gently, he began to stroke my body, and sucked
greedily on my nipples. His back started undulating and the
burning intruder now became a gift of pleasure, reaching far
inside me.
   I rose to meet each stroke and frantically pulled at my
restraints.
     "I just gotta grab that ass... uuhh.. gotta... feel his
strength..." It was no use struggling, though. This guy was in
complete control of my pleasure. He played me for what seemed
like an hour, just slowly fucking me, raising his own level of
intensity. Eventually we were both dripping with sweat, and he
was stroking faster and harder. It began to hurt again as he
drove deeper and deeper. His big manly form was quaking and the
room was rich in his musky scent. I could feel him growling
through his chest,  pressed against mine. When he came it was
like a flash of light for both of us... his entire body stiffened
and became still as what felt like quarts of hot velvet jism
flooded my rectum. His body went into those post-orgasm spasms
and the feel of him, weak and helpless like a chained lion, sent
me spinning into my own gushing orgasm. My cum spurts lubricated
our stomachs and we rubbed them together, spreading the juice.
   He sighed deeply, then pulled my head to his and kissed me.
His tongue slid into my welcoming mouth and took command. It
explored every part of my mouth, and well down my throat.
   He withdrew his softening cock from me, and stood. The
sight of his pumped up and flushed muscles made me hard
immediately.
   "Save it for your friend. You'll need your strength."  He
undid all my bonds, and my heavy muscled thighs fell to the
floor. I managed to get to my feet as he opened a door to another
room. He motioned me in and in the center of the small bright
room was my muscle fantasy. He was suspended from the ceiling by
a single chain, to which padded bracelet cuffs were hooked. His
ankles were bound by similar cuffs, and a chain led from them to
a ratchet device like the one he had used earlier on our balls.
The chains were extremely tight; the cop gave the man's
abdominals a shove and he barely moved. He screamed out in agony
instead. Apparently the setup was intended to over extend his
muscles. There were tears running down his cheeks, and he must
have been there for the whole time we were in the other room: at
least an hour and a half. He was shaking and looked exhausted. I
noticed then that his cock ring was still on his balls, and had a
10 pound weight hanging from it. His massive balls were blue and
swollen.
   The cop released the catch on the ratchet, and the chain
gave several inches. He took off the ankle cuffs, then moved
behind the tortured stud and hugged him around the waist. He
lifted him off the upper chain and the man's arms fell forward,
lifeless. He fell to the floor, unable to use any limb. The cop
lifted his arms, took off the cuffs, and let them fall to the
floor. Then he left the room, locking it behind him.
   I moved over to the groaning man and started to massage the
life back into his arms and legs. I didn't even try to stop my
hard on from happening.
   Eventually he was rested enough to sit up, and we talked
quietly about what had happened.
   "God, what a bastard!", he said. "He raped me, then forced
a tube down my throat and pumped a jug of water into me. He tied
of my cock so I couldn't piss. He left me tied up like that for
hours!"
   I could sympathize, but his story only made me harder.
   "Then he hung me upside down and finally let me piss,
aiming my cock right into my face."
   I noticed he was getting hard too. He was looking right at
my meat.
   "Thank God I'm not alone here... I don't know if I could
make it!"
   Then this macho stud took me in his arms and hugged me. Our
lips locked in a kiss and our bodies pressed together. I felt up
and down his V-shaped back, and squeezed his firm butt cheeks as
he caressed me.
   We slowly collapsed to the floor and, locked in each others
arms, fell into a blissful sleep.
