(c) Copyright 1996 Ashley@cythera.com  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may also be
contacted through mrdouble@airmail.net.






CHOCOLATE KISSES

I don't know if you'll find this interesting or not.  This is my fourth posting, and the third one mostly wasn't about me, it was about Krissie.  I'm flattered and amazed by your attention, notes ranging from "Boy, did I come! and now I'm hard again!!" to personal events a little like mine to whole stories some of you have written.  You sure know how to help a girl get off - this one, anyway.  From the small number of women who have written, maybe there aren't a lot of us who like to read when they masturbate.

As before, I've sent this first to the people who have written me (plus the three people, one a woman, who wrote Daddy).  Since this went out, the Web site thing with MrDouble happened, and I plan to put this up there before I post it on USENET.

If you're meeting me for the first time, I'm Ashley and I'm 16.  My first post was about how I first had sex with Daddy after watching him with our neighbor, Mrs. Trefethen, and the second was about how he watched me and Tommy.  The third, as I said, was about Krissie, her story about how she started with her father.  A lot of people have written to me about those posts, and I always give them the first look at what's next.

In case it isn't obvious to you new readers, my postings are about sex, mostly my own sex life with Tommy and Daddy, and most of what everyone writes me is very hot!  So if sex isn't your thing (then why are you looking here?), or if the idea of me doing it with Daddy bothers you, you shouldn't read any further.  I hope you will though, and that you'll write me at Ashley@cythera.com.

			*	*	* 

	A little over a month ago, Daddy brought me a present, a chocolate penis (I bet you never thought you'd hear me use its scientific name!)  It was a little big, more or less Tommy size, mostly like the real thing except all chocolate, with balls that would melt in my hand.  The balls weren't very realistic, since they were flat on the bottom so the chocolate cock could stand up.  My Daddy, the Easter bunny.  He said it wasn't just for eating, although of course that was part of it, Happy Thanksgiving to me, but he wanted me to learn how to give him a better blow job.

	He said I use my teeth too much and it hurts, not a lot, but more than he likes.  I was embarrassed, but he told me that sucking cock was like anything else, it took some instruction and some practice.  Mrs. Trefethen, he said for example, didn't touch him with her teeth at all when she did it and probably her husband or some earlier boyfriend had helped her learn how.  With a big smile he said I should be at least as good as she is - I was at everything else.  I took the prick out of the plastic wrapper and licked it to show him I wanted to learn how to suck him better.

	Daddy undressed, his dick standing straight out, it seems like he's always hard, so I took my clothes off, too.  I opened my mouth for the chocolate one.  He pushed it in a little way, it would be more like real he said if he controlled the angle and everything, and I sucked on the end, moving my head back and forth just a little.  It tasted like a Hershey's kiss, which I really like. After maybe a dozen sucks, we looked at it and sure enough, even though I'd  been extra careful there were scrapes from my teeth. 

	I felt bad about it, and not just for Daddy, because Tommy's prick is bigger.  I always thought the reason Tommy always wanted to fuck -- even when I would suck on him he would ask to put it inside me to come, even though that usually meant he had to stop and put on a condom -- was just that he liked my pussy best.  Which is fine with me!  But now I wondered if maybe it was because I wasn't sucking him right.

	I wondered how I would ask Tommy.  I had never told him about Daddy and I'm pretty sure I never will.  Where would I get a chocolate prick on my own?  There had to be a way to ask, but it probably wasn't by asking directly, since he hadn't said anything so far and I'd sucked on him lots of times, ten at least.  Well, I'd think of something.  It's not like he was suffering terribly, if how easily he usually came was any measure.

	Daddy and I were doing all this out in the living room, but now he led me to his bedroom.  We always use his because his stereo is better than what I've got in my room.  He put on some Enya, which is OK with me and he really likes her, while I pulled the sheets back and lay uncovered on the plain white bottom sheet, spreading my legs to turn him on more.

Sometimes I'm surprised by how easy this has become.  It's not that long ago, last Spring, that I wouldn't let Daddy see me naked.  Now I love how he looks at me, the nice things he says about my body (which you know isn't that spectacular), and how well he treats me.  I brushed my nipple with the chocolate cock and left a "fudge smudge" (Daddy called it) behind.

	Saying he was going for a little more realism, he propped all three pillows up behind me, against the mirror (his whole headboard is like this great big mirror, I can't remember if I told you before) and he climbed up on me so his ass was just under my breasts.  His beautiful prick was right there in front of me, very hard, his balls on my chest as he leaned over me, so I gave him a few licks.  In its own way real cock is so much better than chocolate, even though it doesn't have a lot of flavor.  It tastes like Daddy, or it tastes like Tommy, you know?  It's the texture I guess, just like they say about mushrooms.  The texture plus the pleasure I get out of making him come.

	I wrapped my hand around his hard on, near his balls, and pushed him out of my mouth and stroked him, masturbating him just inches away.  It looks so massive when it's so close and it looks so eager, ready to shoot any second.  With my other hand, I put the chocolate one up to my lips, looked Daddy in the eye instead of in the cock, and swallowed two inches of chocolate.  Pretty good, huh?

	This took a lot of concentration, sucking one while jerking off the other -- too much.  I agreed with Daddy that I should focus on the chocolate blow job first.  I looked and there were still teeth marks.  I smoothed them out with my hand.  Daddy joined right in, jerking himself off while I gave the chocolate a hand job.  When the marks were gone I tried sucking it again.

	"Let's look at it, honey," Daddy said. 

	He was still masturbating and didn't stop when I took it out.  It looked smooth to me!

	"Very good, Ashley," he said.  "A+.  Show me again how you'd jerk it off."

	I smiled at him and made a little tunnel with my fist.  I put the chocolate balls on his thigh and pointed the brown cock straight up while his own prick was pointed at me.  Stroking it, I saw Daddy slow down to match the rhythm I was using.  I copied what he was doing.  He wasn't making the long up and down strokes that seemed logical to me, but shorter movements near the end, his hand obviously moving but the thumb staying in roughly the same place.  Every time I watch him masturbate I catch something I hadn't noticed before.

	"I think you've got it, honey," he said.  Try me now."

	He leaned back on his elbows so I had easy access to his cock.  He asked me to move the pillows so he could watch in the mirror, too.  I masturbated him just like he'd been doing himself, like I did to the other one, and I fudge smudged all over his dick, bits of chocolate adhering  here and there.  I played a mental game where I tried to make it smooth all up and down the shaft of his cock.

	"Oh, that's so nice, Ashley, you're getting so good."

	"I want to suck on it, OK, Daddy?"

	"OK, but keep stroking, it, I'm getting close to coming."

	He inched forward a little so I could take the end of his cock into my mouth.  Chocolate Daddy cock is awesome, believe me.  It didn't take too long, me sucking and jerking him off in my mouth before I felt him tense up.  His legs gripped my ribs tightly and I put my hand on his tummy so I could feel his muscles harden there.  With the first spurt he pushed deep into my mouth, catching me off guard, and I gagged.  He pulled back quickly, his prick coming out of my mouth, just as the next spurt smeared across my lips.  I kept masturbating him, even though I was still kind of coughing, and more Daddy cream flowed down my neck, on to his pillows.

	He fell back the rest of the way, all used up.  I reached out and massaged his legs, touching his balls lightly.  A little suspension bridge of cum stretched from the end of his dick to his leg, then collapsed.  I leaned forward just far enough to lick it off him and he shivered.

	We lay there a little while and Enya ended.  He got up very, very slowly and put on another CD, another Enya.  When he came back to bed, he picked up the chocolate prick.

	"Fuck me with it, Daddy, please," I asked, not quite begging, not really thinking how odd that probably sounded.  We'd done a dildo together once.

	"I don't know if it's safe to put it inside you, Ashley," he said.  "How's this?"

	Daddy put the cock lengthwise against my pussy and rubbed it up and down, pressing against my clitty.

	"That's wonderful!  Don't stop!"

	Actually, pretty soon he did stop.  He handed me the cock and started to lick my pussy.  Normally, Daddy doesn't eat chocolate, but he seemed to like the taste between my legs.

	It's not as great for me when he, or Tommy either, is eating me while they're sitting off to one side, so I asked him to get in 69 position, even though I knew he wouldn't be able to get hard again so soon.  But I love how his weight feels, not heavy but so substantial, you know?  Like he's really there.  I spread my legs a little wider and he took the hint, pushing his tongue deep into me, something Tommy never seems to remember to do.

	I was getting fairly close to coming myself when I had a really rude idea.  I'm a little embarrassed to write it down, and I'll tell you right now I didn't actually do it.  But I though about putting that  chocolate cock, slimmer from my sucking on it but still quite decent sized, I thought about putting it into my Daddy's ass!  I mean, you know how 69 is, and the opportunity was right there and it would have been so easy and maybe he would have really liked it.  Who can say?  Anyway, I didn't, and he told me later it's a good thing I didn't, but I thought I'd let you know just how weird I can get sometimes.

	What else did I think about?  Well, I'm not going to tell you everything, because I'd be embarrassed, even though I don't expect to actually meet you.  There's some things even Daddy shouldn't know about and, well, I know there's a risk that Tommy will read this now that I'm on the Web and there are some things I definitely don't want him to know about.  But I'll share a couple things with you.

	One is, while Daddy is like eating me, you know, like he was then?  I sometimes wonder how a woman would be different.  While he nibbles me there, and licks up and down, and pushes his tongue deep inside, I wonder how would a woman do it differently?  I don't actually think of anybody I know, I think it would have to be some anonymous woman so I don't know how this could happen, but I do wonder.  I imagine her being less direct with my clitty, I think, and somehow her tongue would be lighter, more delicate, and yet she'd know how to get rougher at the right time, in the right way.

	The other one I'll tell you is even more totally unlikely.  I imagine being surrounded by guys, maybe ten of them, and they're all masturbating, getting off watching me play with myself or watching Daddy between my legs, fucking me with long, deep strokes.  All these differently shaped men with their hard cocks in their hands, stroking faster and faster and staring at ME.  You already know I get off on being watched.  And then one of them would come, and his cream would spurt onto my thigh, and that would make them all start to come, like yawning -- first one does it and then everybody does it --  and all that cum, warm and slick, it pushes my button, too, and I come with them.  And they come for a long time, cum all over me, because this is only a fantasy.

	So I behaved myself with the chocolate.  I didn't put it into Daddy and I can't believe I really thought about it.  I played with my nipples when Daddy pulled his tongue back out and he moved it in all kinds of patterns on my clitty and, well, maybe a woman would be different but I love how my Daddy does it and soon it was my turn to tense and spasm and come.  And after I came, Daddy didn't just stop and give my nipple a quick kiss like he does, but he kept licking.  He was careful, because it's pretty sensitive now, but he just kept licking and before I knew it another orgasm washed through me.

	I guess that means I owe him one.

	I hope your Thanksgiving was as good as mine.

Luv ya,

Ash

Please write me: Ashley@cythera.com














--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
	
