Copyright © 1997,   Ashley.      ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@airmail.net.










KRISSIE'S STORY (November, 1996)

I actually watched the last debate, and I heard Bob Dole say that wisdom was age 
+ intelligence + experience.  Well, I'm only a month older than when I first posted what 
happened with Daddy and me last May, and my intelligence is still whatever it is, but experience!  
I've heard from so many of you happy masturbators and, man, I am wiser!

Somewhat to my pleasant surprise, no one has flamed me.  Some of you even have 
rather nice descriptions of what you do when you read what I tell you about, and you 
can't believe how grateful I am to make so many people come.  I love those of you who are 
kind of shy, kind of embarrassed about what you tell me about (because that's mostly how I 
am in real life, it's the anonymity of the Internet that lets me talk like this) and I appreciate 
those who just drop me a sentence of encouragement.  I hope the several of you who sent 
me stories of your own will forgive me for being slow to get back to you - I'm running 
out of time these days.  But, as much as I like hearing about those personal ejaculations, 
your personal fantasies (I had to masturbate over one where I was the fantasy 
subject - thank you very! much), and the details of stroking that "old soldier," as one man 
said, I'm most astonished that I've finally heard from three women.

Two of the women wrote a brief note.  But the third (actually the first I received), 
had this incredible story.  She swears it's true and I believe her, maybe because of all the 
other stuff she wrote about, but you can decide for yourself.  Her writing, as she admits, is 
erratic at best, so I've rewritten her email and edited out the extra stuff (with her 
permission).  By extra, I mean the things that don't make you - or my Daddy - hard.

If you've forgotten me (please, don't) I'm Ashley and I'm sixteen.  This will be my 
third posting.  The first two things I posted were about how I first got together with 
Daddy, then how he watched me and Tommy fuck.  This is completely different, because 
it's really the story that Krissie sent me, very much like the way she wrote it.

[First, Krissie writes some nice things about what I've written and tells me some 
sexless personal stuff: school, gymnastics, like that.  The story is hers, though, and the "I" 
in it is her, not me.  From this stuff you can figure out that she's probably 15, pretty I think,
and her breasts are on the large size for her age (I'll try not to be jealous), or maybe it's just
that they're large on her.  She's short, not quite 5 feet tall.  Ashley]

Dad and I had been camping before, lots of times, just two months earlier, in fact.  
And now it's August and we're at our regular place near where the 
Mississippi starts, in Minnesota.  For once, the mosquitoes aren't too awful.

Each day we went hiking, all day.  Then, like the third to last day, I just stayed in 
the tent while Dad went out.  I'd hiked more than enough, been everywhere already, and 
wanted to just rest.  Around ten o'clock am I woke up for the seventh time and just 
looked around the inside of the tent and saw the most startling thing.  Through the tent 
fabric, in a gauzy kind of way, I saw this woman lying almost naked on a little hill nearby.

She was hard to make out, it was like looking through a kitchen curtain or 
something, looking through the tent, so I really slowly unzipped the front of the tent and 
peeked out.  She was extremely attractive, wearing no clothes except underpants, those 
jockey things that no one I know really wears, just reading.  I watched her for maybe 10 
minutes then went back to bed.  When I woke up again she was gone.

That night, I told my Dad about her.  I thought he'd be interested, but he asked all 
kinds of questions - he was fascinated.  So I promised to show him the next day, if she 
came back.

There was a pile of hay bales near where she had been.  I don't know why, this 
isn't like a farm or horse ranch or anything, just camping and hiking, but anyway there were like 
twenty bales of hay stacked up and we made a space we could see through.  We lay down 
on the ground, shoulder to shoulder, and hoped for the best.  This must be what hunters 
feel like, waiting for Bambi to show up.  We didn't think she could see us, but even if she 
could - who cares?

Around the same time as before she showed up, put down her blanket and her 
backpack, drank some water, took off her clothes - all her clothes this time -- and opened 
her book.  My Dad sort of giggled, and we both watched quietly.  I don't know what she 
was reading but she started to masturbate.  Really.  She did.

I know I masturbate and I know you, Ashley, do it too, but I'd never seen anyone 
else doing it.  She was probably in college, with really long legs and pretty big breasts and 
really pretty eyes.  Short brown hair and her toenails were painted pink.  She put her hand 
on her pussy and started to rub it.

We watched her doing this for a couple minutes and she put her book down and 
started using both hands.

"Maybe you should leave," Dad said softly.

"I can't go, she'll see me and I'll feel creepy for watching," I whispered.

"Um," he said, or something like that.

She started talking out loud, saying things like, "Oh, fuck me, David, give it all to 
me I want you so much."

She talked on and on, very dirty, and my Dad was kind of squirming next to me. 

Then she said, "Give me your pussy, sit on my face, oh, Jilly, please, honey, let me 
eat you," and I think that's where Dad lost it. 

He got up on his knees, but his head still near mine so he was bent over, and he put 
his hand into his pants.  I heard the zipper unzzzziiiiiiiiiippppp and he undid his belt and I 
looked and his hand was in there.

"Sorry, Krissie," he apologized, "I just need to move it around a little.  Readjust 
it."

"It's OK Dad," I said turning back, "I won't look."

We continued to watch and she kept talking, louder and louder, of course we were 
out in the middle of nowhere, and I didn't look but I could feel my Dad's arm moving 
against my shoulder while he kept "readjusting" himself.

I wondered if I should look at what he was doing?  Did he want me to?  Does he let me feel
his arm so I know what he's doing, or does he just not notice me because
he's o into it?  Can I just lay here while he plays with himself and pretend I don't notice?
I couldn't make up my mind and while I wondered, he started to move his arm really fast. 
He sucked in his breath and then he stopped.  I never did look, I just kept watching her, and she did the same sort of thing, going faster and faster then coming really loud.

We let her leave, then we went back to our tent.  Dad didn't say anything, just 
took off after telling me not to go anywhere.  He came back exactly at sundown.  We 
didn't talk at all at dinner, just sandwiches and fruit, beer for Dad and water for me, and 
we turned in early.  Dad kept the fluorescent lantern on, though, so we could read.  I 
figured we'd just never talk about it, we never talk about sex although we talk about 
everything else, when he asked me if there was anything I wanted to ask him.

ARE YOU CRAZY? I wanted to shout, but I only thought it.  OF COURSE I 
WANT TO ASK!  WHAT WERE YOU THINKING OUT THERE?  YOU 
MASTURBATED, DIDN'T YOU?  YOU THOUGHT ABOUT FUCKING HER, 
DIDN'T YOU.  I WANT TO KNOW EVERYTHING!

I said, "I don't know.  I think I kind of get it."

"OK.  But if you ever have any questions, you know you can ask me anything.  
Goodnight, Krissie."

I said goodnight and he turned off the light.

[She asks me some things here about how she assumes I thought about having sex 
with my Daddy before it happened, didn't I masturbate thinking about Daddy sometimes, 
and some other things, then she goes on.  Ash]

A minute later, I asked, "She turned you on, huh, Dad?"

He turned the light back on.

"You probably know about sex and stuff?" he sort of asked.

"School.  A couple movies at . . . a friend's house.  Some magazines.  I know 
about it."

He didn't say anything for maybe a minute, then, "You know she was 
masturbating?  You know about that?"

OF COURSE I KNOW ABOUT MASTURBATING!  I DO IT ALL THE TIME, 
I thought.  YOU THINK I'M A KID?  LOOK AT ME - TITS AND EVERYTHING!

I only said, "Yeah, I know."

"OK," he said, and I heard him reaching for the lamp.

"Wait," I said quickly.  "You, you did it, too, didn't you, Dad?"

"Yes."

"I mean," I went on, "when she was saying all that stuff about fucking Billy or 
whoever it was and then about that girl's pussy on her face, you were doing it along with 
her."

"Yes."

"So, while I was lying next to you, you had your hand in your pants, and you . . .," 
I was really going now, but I still almost didn't ask, then figured what the heck.

"Dad, you jerked yourself off in your pants, huh?"

"Yes."

His answers weren't doing a lot to advance the conversation and I was feeling 
funny.  Funny that I was asking, funny that he was almost answering, funny because I was 
a tiny bit turned on myself.  From her or Dad was hard to say.  I swam out of my sleeping 
bag and sat beside him and looked him in the eye.

"Tell me," I asked.  "You said you'd tell me anything."

I thought about crying, I don't know why.

He just looked at me in my pajama's, my really cool ones with Bugs Bunny's on 
them, then he said, "Light some incense, OK?"

We use incense to keep the bugs away.  I lit some sandalwood I think it was and 
stuck it in the holder and when I turned back Dad was lying naked on top of his sleeping 
bag.  His cock was totally hard.  [Krissie calls her  Dad's prick things like "weenie" and 
"dinky" - I've changed them.  Ash.]

"This is what I was doing, Kris," he said, and grabbed hold of it.

He moved his hand up and down along his prick.  I sat back down next to him, it 
seemed to be what he wanted, and I watched really close.  He just kept sliding his hand at 
a steady speed, his big dick poking through his fist, no real emotion on his face, and I 
leaned down even closer to look.

It smelled like mushrooms or something, even with the incense in the background.  
I got maybe two inches away and saw he had this big clear drop of stuff on the end of his 
prick.  He stopped sliding his hand and he massaged the drop into the end of his cock., 
using his thumb.  Even now, I can still see it like it was right here.  Then he put his other 
hand, his fingers, under his balls and started rubbing there.  He pumped his fist faster.

I looked at his balls, bouncing up and down over the crack in his ass.  I was really 
glad he was sharing this with me, although I wasn't at all sure what I was supposed to do.  
I touched his leg and he jumped, if that's the right word for someone lying on their back 
with their cock in their hand, so I pulled my hand away.

"It's OK, Kris, you just surprised me.  Whatever you want."

I put my hand back on his thigh, then reached out a finger and touched his prick.  
Dad used his cock-stroking hand to pull mine on to his prick.  He wrapped my fingers 
around it and guided my hand up and down, adjusting the speed and how hard I held him, 
then let go and I kept on masturbating him.

"Tighter," he said, "hold it tighter."

I squeezed it harder, I didn't want to hurt him.  I felt him thrusting through the hole 
my hand made. I tried holding my hand steady, letting him fuck it, I knew that's what he 
was doing, fucking my hand, then I did more like he showed me, sliding my hand like he 
had, moving it up and down over this hard muscle of a cock.  I was getting really antsy 
myself.

"Have you ever done this to a man before?" he asked.

"No, Dad, you're the only one."

He gave me some clues, then, and I stroked his balls, more fearful of this part than 
of his prick.  I bounced his balls in my hand and then, unbelievably, I took them into my 
mouth.

Balls.  They scare me to death, they're so sensitive.  So cool.  I licked them while 
they were in my mouth and Dad made happy little noises.  I let them out of my mouth and 
licked them and he told me to be gentler.  Lots to learn.  I held his balls in my hand -- my 
Dad's balls! -- and they're bigger than my hand so it was like holding a small squishy 
tomato or something, except you can feel there are two separate pouches like two giant 
cherry  tomatoes.  I rubbed him behind his balls, between the two pouches where there's a 
kind of a ridge that's hard when he's hard and not there the other times and his cock 
leaked some more of that transparent stuff.  I was really aware that my middle finger was 
only an inch from his asshole, and I thought about putting it in, but I couldn't do it and I 
couldn't ask.

I licked the length of his cock then opened my mouth to taste it, his cock and that 
clear stuff.  It tasted slippery, if that's a flavor.

Sucking on Dad's prick was delightful.  It's fun, and he obviously loves it.  I found 
this spot near the end that he really enjoyed, so I licked it a while then swallowed him 
again.  Like he had with my hand, he started fucking my mouth.

I knew about keeping my teeth away, my friend with the movies had told me, but it 
wasn't that easy, especially when he was jerking faster, his cock pumping in and out of my 
mouth.  I put my hand around the base of it in self defense and that worked better.  Soon I 
was jerking him off, while keeping an inch of his dick between my lips.

"That's very nice, Kris, very, very nice, but what would you think about trying real 
sex?  You know, fucking?  You must know about that too."

What a lovely idea, I thought.  I've wondered about fucking Dad before and had 
not quite been thinking about the possibility while I was sucking on him, but almost 
thinking about it, and the idea of Dad's prick inside me made me really want to try it.

"Please, Dad, thank you," I said.  "Where's the condom?"

Too much schooling, I guess, and Dad realized that we couldn't really do it.  No 
condoms.  Instead, I quickly took off my pj's and climbed on top of him.  He was telling 
me what to do.  He sounded a little frustrated, but it didn't last.

"Put your pussy on top of my prick, yeah, just like that, so your slit slides along my 
hard-on.  Oh, yes, Kris!  Your pussy is really wet, huh, Kris, and it's really pretty, too, not 
too much hair on it.  Now rub yourself along it . . . no! don't let it inside you . . .just rub 
like that . . ."

I slid back and forth and it felt so good.  I've done this kind of thing before,  
masturbating with my hand and my pillow and once with an enormous old soft carrot I 
microwaved first, but this was so much better.  Dad started fucking back, or whatever you 
call it when he's not really inside you but he's sliding back and forth along your pussy, and 
he put his hands on my breasts and rubbed my nipples and then he pushed his hips up hard 
against me, his hard cock pressing between the lips of my pussy, pushing them apart with 
the shaft of his dick, and he came.

There was this spurt of cum that went up his stomach, then some more spurts started 
dribbling down his side.  I just pushed my pussy back on him and he moaned and spurted 
two more tiny little quarter teaspoonfuls.

My first male orgasm.  Cum on his tummy and I rubbed it with my hand, like 
putting suntan lotion on him, then rubbed his softening cock a little, then tasted the stuff 
that was all over my palm.  I'm sure it tastes like something, but I can't think of what.  
Not bad, really, just slimy.  Maybe like snails - I've never had those, but I bet they taste 
like this.

He apologized!

"I'm sorry, Kris, it's just that's the third time today.  First watching that babe and 
then, well, I was out hiking and thinking about it and just stopped on the trail and jerked 
off again, so there's hardly any cum left.  I hope you're not disappointed?"

He fell back like he was exhausted.  How could I be disappointed, I didn't have 
anything to compare to.  Later, I saw how totally much cum he could spurt in me, on me, 
whatever.  But then, I didn't know.  I masturbated myself while his cock got littler and I 
came a little, I think.

Anyway, that's how I started with my Dad.  I wasn't as brave as you, Ashley, 
starting it myself, but it was still very cool.  And almost as soon as we got home where he 
has condoms, he fucked me for the first time.

You and I are two very lucky, people, huh, Ashley?

[More stuff that's mostly not sex.  Ash]

That's really the end, but let me tell you one more thing.  I'd almost finished 
rewriting Krissie's letter when Daddy came into my room and asked me what I was doing.  
He'd read it already, of course, all my mail goes to his email account and I knew he'd read 
the emails from the three women.  He sometimes reads the guys's too.  So he started 
reading my version of what Krissie wrote and it turned him on.

We got to around where she was lighting the incense and saw her Dad's stiff prick 
and he said, "You read it out loud, honey.  Start with where she first sees his hard-on."

While I read on, he pulled off his pants and started to play with himself.  This isn't 
that big a deal anymore, but I still love to watch.  So while he masturbated, I stood, kept 
reading aloud, clicking the mouse to scroll the screen, and took off my clothes.  I started 
masturbating with him.  There were the two of us, standing, playing with ourselves, while
I read this letter from Krissie.  I like to think this is the kind of thing you guys do with my
letters.

As soon as I got to the end, Daddy pulled me down to the floor and immediately 
put his cock inside me.  He knows I'm on the pill, what with Tommy and everything.

I had an idea.

"Daddy, that feels really, really great, but can we try that rubbing thing?  That 
Krissie did?"

We tried to roll over without Daddy taking it out of me, but it slid out of my pussy 
anyway.  So I climbed on top and spread my pussy with my fingers and wrapped his prick 
in it like a hot dog in a bun.  A big, juicy hot dog after being inside me.

This actually feels delicious.  His dick pushes against my clitty and never really 
loses contact with it.  For just getting turned on, it may be even better than fucking, kind 
of, although having that thing inside is still the best feeling there is.  It must not have been 
quite as good for Daddy, though.

"I love it, honey, really, but I'm almost ready to come.  Let me put it inside you, OK?  You 
can come any way you want."

So I gave his cock a couple fast strokes with my hand, sat up a little on my knees, 
and sat back down over his stiff prick.  It just slid right in, very deep, he seemed really big, 
and instantly I felt it go off.  Already deep, he pushed it in deeper and he spasmed against 
me.  I looked down and saw where we joined and thought about all that cum squirting 
inside me.  I started to rub my clitty, masturbating while he ejaculated.

After he finished and his shoulders slumped to show me he was done, I let his cock 
out of my pussy bun and went back to sliding along it with my clitty.  I had to hold his 
prick in place, hold it against my slit, there was juice everywhere it seemed, and his cum.  
Pretty soon I came myself, a really big one.

Thanks, Krissie.  I hope you write us again.













--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....

