Archive-name: Bondage/ask-not.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Beware what you ask for...


Part One

     As they lay huddled together, their naked bodies glistening  
with the sweat of the wild fuck they had just shared, he asked her.   
She giggled at his request, not sure she could do what he asked,  
what he desired, what he lusted for, without breaking up in  
laughter.  He pleaded quietly, insistently, and she could hear the  
heat and lust in his voice.  She bit her lip and looked at him, then  
kissed him gently and said "Yes, I'll do it."  And she felt her pussy  
grow wet once more as she thought about controlling her husband,  
making him her sexual slave, forcing his hungry mouth against her  
swollen clit and between her firm asscheeks...making him serve  
her like a sex machine.  And she knew she would not laugh.  She  
knew she would love it.

       *          *          *          *           *          *          *

     Carl came to bed late just as he always did.  Stefanie moved  
slightly so she could see the clock: it was almost 4 am.  He settled  
quickly, and before long she heard his deep, even breaths.  He was  
asleep.  And he was in for a big surprise when he awoke in the  
morning!

     Stefanie got out of bed and moved quietly, assembling the items  
she had purchased in the last few days.  She wasn't too worried 
about making noise--when Carl slept, he slept like a dead man.   He 
would wake only if she literally shouted in his ear.

     She quickly installed hooks on the head and base boards of the  
queen size bed.  Then she took the collection of magazines she had  
bought and selected the hottest, steamiest images and taped them  
to the walls all around where her husband lay sleeping.  In the dim  
light from the window she admired the lushly shaped bodies of the  
naked women in the photographs...and she felt her pussy begin to  
warm and grow wet as she admired the various leather  
accoutrements they wore.  Stefanie giggled at the thought of how 
hard  Carl's cock would grow when he saw these pictures!  

     She took a few other pictures and put them on the ceiling above  
the bed.  These were special.  They were a collection of drawings  
she had done of her husband...sketches based on the nasty  
fantasies he had shared with her.  

     Her favorite was the drawing she had done of Carl naked and  
on his hands and knees, a cock in his mouth and another in each  
hand, and she herself wearing a strap-on dildo and filling his ass.   
She put it where she knew it would meet his eyes as soon as he  
woke up in the morning.

     She glanced at the clock.  Almost five now.  Well, she had to be  
up in an hour, so she finished her preparations and went to the  
kitchen for a cup of tea.  Carl would stir about 7:30 when she was  
ready to leave for work, seeking his morning goodbye kiss.  Then  
he'd roll over and go back to sleep, normally.

     But not today.  Today he'd grow hard and hot...and she would  
leave him like that!  All day, she knew, he would groan and think  
of her; all day she would be wet and horny and lusting for him.   
When she got home tonight there would be sexual fireworks for  
sure!

       *          *          *          *           * 

     "Honey, wake up," Stefanie whispered into his ear, gently 
nibbling  on it at the same time.  "I have to go to work and I want 
to show  you something before I go."

     Carl stretched and leaned up to kiss her.  She met his lips and  
kissed him deeply, even going so far as to open her lips and send  
her tongue plunging steamily into his mouth.

     His eyes shot open at that, and then he saw the pictures all over  
the walls.  Stefanie was delighted to see his naked body tense, and 
his  large cock immediately begin to swell!  Then with a minimum 
of  fuss, she slipped a leather collar about his neck and attached it  
with a leash to the hook she had installed in the headboard.

     Carl started to protest, but Stefanie reached down and picked 
up  a pair of her dirty panties from the floor and stuffed them in 
his  mouth.  "Sluts don't speak unless their mistresses tell them 
they  may," she said, and grinned lewdly.  

     A quick move to the foot of the bed and she pulled up the  
straps she had attached to the hooks on the baseboard and  
wrapped them around her husband's ankles, clicking the tiny  
latches shut and immobilizing his legs.

     Finally, she pulled the handcuffs from her pocket and slid them  
onto Carl's hands, laughing at the mixture of confusion and lust  she 
saw in his eyes.  She pulled his hands down to his crotch and  put 
them around his swollen prick.  Then she wrapped a leather  thong 
around his cuffed hands and his cock, making it tight enough  that 
the slightest movement would become a pleasurable  masturbating 
motion.

     Normally this would have been fine with Carl, but she knew  
from the way he looked at her, horny and yet somewhat fearful of  
the commanding bitch he had unleashed, that he realized there  
wasn't going to be a quick release THIS time!

     He's right, she thought, and slid and hand inside her coat to rub  
her own aching sex.  After a moment she opened the coat wide and  
showed her bound-and-gagged husband what she knew would  
drive him frantic with lust.  Underneath the knee-length winter  
coat she wore leather boots and fishnet stockings, as well as a  
leather garter-belt and a cutaway leather bra.

     "Do you like what you see, nasty boy?" she crooned to him. He  
nodded and moved his hands on his cock.  She laughed.  "That's a  
good slut!  But while I expect you to stay hard all day until I get  
home, you are NOT to cum, so I wouldn't play with myself TOO  
much!"

     With that, and a wicked chuckle, she turned and took her jeans  
and sweater from her bureau and left the room.  When she  
returned, she was dressed for her job, but still wearing the boots  
and stockings.  For all Carl could tell, she was wearing the  
garterbelt and bra still, as well.

     "When I get home this afternoon, slut, you are going to well and
thoroughly service my tits, my cunt, and my anus.  And if you are  
VERY good, I MIGHT let you cum."  Stefanie stepped between his 
legs  and reached down to grope his throbbing balls.  "Hmmm," she  
mused.  "I think we're missing just one not-so-little thing here!"   
She leaned down at the foot of the bed.

     When she straightened up, Carl's eyes widened because she  
held a huge, black vibrating dildo!  It was at least 10 inches long,  
as well as being almost two inches thick.  It glistened with  
lubrication, and Stefanie smirked nastily as she smeared some of 
the  slippery juice on her fingers and then leaned down to probe at 
her  husband's tight asshole.

     He moaned as her fingers slipped into his anus--and she  
laughed as they were almost sucked in by the hungry hole.  "Such a  
nasty, gay-boy slut!" she chuckled.  "Well, here's a big black dick to  
keep you company until I get home!"  With that, she slid the  
massive rubber dong up Carl's ass clear to the hilt.  And with the  
way he was laying on the bed, she knew it wouldn't come popping  
out before she returned in the afternoon.

     Carl was moaning and writhing in his bonds as Stefanie left.  As  
she closed the bedroom door, she felt the warm trickle of her own  
juices on her thighs.  She was very excited by the sight of him,  
chained to the wall, tied to the bed, his ass and mouth filled...and  
waiting for her, waiting to fuck her, waiting to fill her with cum!   
She could hardly wait for her workday to be over....




BEWARE WHAT YOU ASK FOR....   (Part Two)
 
 
     It was almost 3 o'clock before Stefanie got away from her busy 
day at work and arrived home.  Her pussy ached with unsatisfied 
lust, even though she had taken a long lunch break and spent it in 
the bathroom, furiously fingering her dripping slit and fantasizing 
about her husband's bound and helpless body.  Before she had 
even reached the door to their apartment, she had stripped off her 
coat and sweater, and was working on removing her jeans.
 
     Stefanie paused in the bathroom and stood before the full 
length mirror, examining her body.  The garter-belt and fishnet 
stockings looked very sexy on her, and she carressed the leather of 
the bra and moaned softly; her nipples were huge and stiff through 
the holes in it.  She was amazed at how horny leather made her 
feel...and for a moment she was grateful that Carl had introduced 
her to the delights of the erotic material.  Then she sneered and 
ran her fingers over her thickly-haired mound.  "He wants it, he's 
going to get it.  He's my slut, my fucktoy!"  She teased at her clit 
for just a second, then turned to the washbasin. 
 
     She pulled her makeup bag from the medicine cabinet and 
began applying mascara, bright red lipstick, and heavy eyeshadow.  
"He wants me to look like a bitch mistress, and I'll do it...but he'll 
give me all the climaxes I want if I'm going to be his dominant 
lady!"  She giggled as she pulled out her electric razor.
 
     For the next fifteen minutes, she carefully trimmed her pubic 
hair, making repeated passes until finally she had shaved off every 
bit of it!   Then she put the razor in her new "Bag of tricks", a 
leather pouch she had purchased to hold some of the toys she 
intended to use on her husband-slave.  
 
     She took her new black leather jacket off the hook on the back 
of the door and put it on.  The wide shoulders and narrow waist 
made her look very domineering, she thought to herself.  She 
plucked at the sides of the jacket so that her breasts, harnessed by 
the leather of the bra, were revealed, and she pulled the hem of 
the jacket up slightly so that it didn't block the view of her garter-
belt and freshly shaved pussy.  Her "bag of tricks" fit neatly onto a 
pair of hooks at her waist.
 
     Finally, Stefanie picked up her newest toy, a riding crop, and 
holding it loosely at her side, she turned and went to the bedroom.
 
     Carl lay as she had left him, and her eyes were drawn to the 
angry red shaft of his cock poking from between his cuffed and 
bound hands.  It dribbled juices thickly, and when she got closer 
Stefanie smiled to see that had actually managed not to cum all 
day.  She frowned at the copious puddles of his male juices that 
had run down over his hands and crotch, though.  It was a terrible 
mess.
 
     Stefanie felt herself grow warm and wet as she thought how she 
could punish her husband for his sloppiness.
 
     His eyes were closed and he seemed resigned to whatever 
Stefanie had planned for him.  She stood at the foot of the bed and 
gazed down at his nakedness, and felt a dark lust swell up within 
her.  She reached out with the crop and whacked the head of his 
cock where it showed above his hands.
 
     Carl came awake with a start and stared up at her.  She could 
almost hear his mouth watering as he took in the sight of her.  She 
knew she looked nasty, knew that he loved the sight of her like 
this.  She knew that he would serve her exactly as she wanted him 
to.  Stefanie stepped to the head of the bed and bent over his face.  
The panties in his mouth were wet.  She sneered down at him, 
curling her lip in disdain.  "You nasty, nasty boy!" she said, 
reaching down and pushing the panties deeper into his mouth.  
"Getting your spit all over my panties!  And dribbling juices all 
over your hands and belly...didn't Mommy teach you any better?"   
 
     She straightened up and climbed onto the bed, straddling her 
husband's face.  With her fingers she pulled the lips of her shaved cunt 
open.  Carl's eyes grew wide as he stared at the hairless pink lips. 
And Stefanie smiled lewdly as she displayed her naked slit.  
 
     "Do you see how wet my pussy is, Carl?" she asked.  "And 
you could have licked and sucked it....but you made a mess."  She 
raised herself up and turned around on his chest.  
 
     Stefanie's firm, pale ass, framed by the leather garter-belt, its 
straps, and the stockings, wiggled just in front of his panty-stuffed 
mouth.  She reached back and pulled her plump cheeks wide apart.  
Carl's astonished eyes stared at the wet pinkness of his wife's 
anus, and his half-hard cock began to swell again.
 
     "This is what you will suck now, slut!"  Stefanie commanded.  
Her hand groped back and caught the panties, pulling them from 
his mouth.  Before he could say anything, she shoved her sweaty 
crack back against his face.  She ordered, "Now lick my ass, Carl.  
Show me that in spite of your filthy messes you can service me 
correctly...and maybe I'll clean you up this time."  Now she began 
to tease his cock with the riding crop.  And as she did, she felt the 
tenative thrusts of his tongue against her wrinkled pucker.


BEWARE WHAT YOU ASK FOR   (Part Three)
 
     "Yessss," she hissed.  "That feels very good, my slave."  Carl's 
tongue darted between the soft cheeks of Stefanie's ass, and began 
to slip into the open, willing hole of her anus.  She laughed softly to 
herself as she reveled in the tingling sensations his licking sent 
through her pussy and ass.  But when she looked down at his cock, 
she saw his hands were moving on the turgid shaft.  This she 
would not allow!
 
     "STOP!" she commanded, pulling her ass away from Carl's now 
hungrily sucking mouth.  She turned around and her face was 
clouded  with anger as she bent over her errant man.  "How DARE 
you play with your prick without my permission?!  Have you 
forgotten ALREADY who your mistress is?  Have you forgotten who 
tells you when you may cum?  Or play with that filthy little dick?"  
She raised the crop to his face and traced up and down his jaw.  
"You seem to think we are playing some kind of game, nasty 
slut...but you are only partly right."   Stefanie turned away from 
the naked body of her husband and looked around the room at the 
pornographic pictures she had taped to the walls.  "You are going to 
be my slave in all sexual ways from now on," she said in a low, 
lust-laden voice that somehow conveyed a cold sense of menace as 
well.  "You had better understand that.  When you serve me well, 
and service my hungry body as I desire....then I 
MIGHT let you cum, I MIGHT cater to YOUR lusts....but always you 
will do as I say in sex.  Always."  She stepped back to him, seeming 
to tower above him.  "Do you understand me, nasty boy?"
 
     "Y-yes," he stammered huskily.  Stefanie sneered and brought 
the riding crop down across his chest, making sure she struck his 
nipples.
 
     "Yes, WHO, slut?"
 
     With an audible gulp, Carl whispered, "Yes, Mistress Stefanie."
 
     His wife smiled as she reached down and loosened the thongs 
binding his cock and hands together, then pushed his hands up to 
his stomach.  "That's better," she said.  She slid a hand down 
between Carl's legs and grasped the end of the huge black dildo-
vibrator that still filled his ass,  and with a girlish giggle turned it 
fully on.  
 
     Carl groaned, and he cried out loud when he felt his wife's hot 
tongue tease mercilessly along the underside of his cockhead.  She 
nibbled at him, and his asshole throbbed around the pulsing 
rubber cock until his body began to arch with an impending 
climax....and Stefanie stopped licking and pulled the dildo from his 
yawning anus as she squeezed the base of his cock tightly.  Then from
her "bag of tricks" she pulled a metal ring, barely big enough to
fit around Carl's hard penis.  She pushed the cock-ring down to
the base of his shaft, and grinned lustfully as she watched the
turgid prick swell even more...and she knew he would neither cum
nor grow soft until she was ready.
 
     "Not yet," she said.  "Cumming will never be that easy for you 
again, my slut...my slave."  She straddled his face again and spread
her asscheeks wide.  "Now, let's begin again, shall we?  With your
tongue in my ass..."

--

