Assignment
by deirdre

She was sitting on a suitcase, crying.  In the corridor of my 
apartment building, right down the hall from my apartment.  I 
couldn't just enter my apartment and leave her there without finding 
out if she needed help.

I knew who she was.  I didn't know her, but I'd seen her--and her 
husband, or boyfriend or whatever, going in and out of the apartment 
across the hall.  I'd said "hi" to them but that was about all.  In 
actuality, they really didn't look like the kind of people I wanted to 
get to know--the guy looked kind of sleazy, and though the girl 
looked OK, she surely hung out with people I'd never want to meet.

But I couldn't just leave her there, crying in the hallway.  She didn't 
even look at me.  "Are you...; Do you need any help?"  I didn't really 
know how to do this.  She just sat there and kept crying.  I walked 
over and knelt on one knee in front of her.  "Do you need any help?"  I 
repeated.

She seemed to notice me, "I'm sorry," she blubbered through her 
weeping and sniffling, "My boyfriend threw me out and I don't have 
anywhere to go!"

I could easily imagine that guy doing it.  The prick!  I couldn't let her 
sit there in the hallway.  "Here!  Come here into my apartment and 
tell me about it."  I didn't know what I was going to do later, but 
what else could I do?  She just sat there and I finally took her hand 
and drew her up.  I grabbed her suitcase and led her into my 
apartment.

Soon we were sitting at my kitchen table drinking scotch.  She had 
gotten over her weeping and was talking.  I found out her name was 
Karen.  She was such a little thing, and nice looking.  I wanted to 
kick someone in the balls.

"He..., he wanted me to do weird things.  I couldn't!"  I could just hear 
him.  I urged her to talk more.  "He told me we were going to get it on 
with another woman!"  I could just picture the creep.  "He told me to 
go out and find a woman and..., and *seduce* her, and then tie her 
down and then get him so he could do her..., do her *ass* while she 
licked me... It's *impossible*!  I could *never* do that!"

I thought about telling her how lucky she was to get out of the life 
of such a pig, but I knew sometimes people react funny when you run 
down someone who just dumped them.

"He told me not to come back until..."

"Listen, everything'll be all right.  You've got a place for the night 
and I'm sure you can find *someplace* to go tomorrow."

"You'll let me stay?"

"I can't very well throw you out into the corridor, can I?  I'm not like 
that creep."

"Thankyou, but... I don't know what I can do tomorrow..."

"You can worry about that tomorrow.  Your mind works better when 
the sun's out again."

"I don't know how I can thank you."  I told her never mind.  We talked 
some more and drank and she told me more about life with Don.  I 
couldn't stand it.  So I got her talking about other boyfriends and I 
talked about some of my dates and romances and I realized it was 
getting really late.  I suggested we turn in and showed her the living 
room couch.  Somehow we ended up sitting there, talking some more 
and it got even later.  She was still weepy and I hated to leave her.  
Finally I told her to come with me and led her into the bedroom.  I 
had a queen-size bed so there was plenty of room.

She was still weepy and feeling blue when I turned the lights out.  "I 
can't please a guy," she was saying.

"That's nonsense!  With *your looks*" I returned.  She really had 
nothing to worry about when it came to getting a guy's attention.

"I couldn't please *Don*!  I don't know how I could *ever* do what he 
wants."

"Who cares about him?"  I was throwing caution to the wind, 
criticizing Don.  "Listen, Karen, you're absolutely beautiful.  You're 
plenty sexy and guys will fall all over you to be your next boyfriend."  
I wasn't kidding either.  Seeing her change into her nightgown 
certainly did nothing for *my* self-esteem.  She really was 
gorgeous, her face and her body--much more than I had ever noticed.

"You really think I'm beautiful?"

"Yes!"

"And..., sexy?"

"Definitely."

"I'm *nothing* compared to you.  You're great looking and you're also 
smart and have a great job.  You're going to go live in a big house and 
go to cocktail parties...."

"You're dreaming," I said.  I felt a little guilty.  I guess I did know 
that I was only in the apartment until I saved up some money, and I 
was sure I made twice as much as the two of them put together.

"No!  I'd *love* to have your life!  And I always thought you were so 
stylish and beautiful."  Actually it was kind of nice being 
worshipped.  I had to watch that my ego didn't burst.

"But your body!"   I blurted out.  Why did I say that?  Too much scotch 
I suppose.

"You have a slender body, but it's absolutely stunning.  And *perfect* 
for clothes!  I'd do *anything* for a body like that.  And you're so 
*nice*!  Without you, I'd be..."  I was tongue tied for an answer.  She 
was weepy again.  "I'd be lost!" she finally finished.  She reached 
over and hugged me.  It was amazing that a woman like her would 
look at me as a goddess or something.

"Don't worry," I said.  We were sitting up and hugging, her face over 
my shoulder and mine over hers.  I patted her back.  I felt her body 
against mine.  She wept some more.  I felt her breast touching 
against mine.  I felt guilty, thinking about something like that when 
she obviously was so vulnerable.  What was I thinking?

We hugged.  She held me tighter and I felt her breasts pushed tightly 
up against mine.  "Thankyou," she whispered.  My hands gently 
massaged her back.  Her body felt so good.  How could I...?

She pulled back but still had her hands around my back.  "Your so 
sweet," she whispered, her head facing mine.  My body remembered 
the feel of hers against mine.  I couldn't help myself.  My hand was 
behind her head and soon my lips were on her face.  Then we were 
kissing.

I didn't do this.  Not women.  Maybe I'd had a stray thought, but I had 
no interest in it.  It must have been the scotch.  And Karen was so 
sweet and vulnerable.  *Me* taking advantage of a vulnerable woman!  
There was guilt.

But I didn't stop.  She was kissing me back.  Her hands carressed my 
back and soon my hands were all over her back and I had a hand on 
her breasts.  Then we were lying down, locked in each others arms.  I 
had her nightgown lifted high and was touching her breasts.  She 
pulled us tighter and I couldn't do that.  My thigh was between her 
legs and hers mine.  I felt her back, my hands wondering down to her 
rear.  Her hand went behind my head and she pushed it *down* and 
wriggled up.  She wanted me to kiss her breasts.  I kissed and sucked 
gently.  They were so sexy.  I felt her breathing harder and harder.  
Then she was coming.  While she was still coming, I scooted up and 
started kissing her face, all over.  Soon she was breathing normally 
again and I felt fingers on my cunt!  In seconds I was out of control 
and writhing madly.  I came in minutes.  She hugged me tightly as I 
came back down to earth.

We didn't talk anymore.  We hugged and kissed a little more, lying 
down, and then she kind of got me facing away from her on my side 
and started spooning with me.  I felt so comfortable lying there with 
her.  I must have drifted off to sleep.

I didn't know *what* was happening.  Then I realized who I was and 
that this wasn't right.  I couldn't see.  I was blindfolded, but the 
light was on--I could tell.  I couldn't move my arms or legs--I was 
on my stomach, tied down, spread eagle.  On my own bed, it seemed.  
Naked.  There was a gag in my mouth.

My rear end was being fingered.  I felt fingers find there way in and 
out.  I struggled and tried to yell.  No use.

"Just relax."  It was *Karen's voice*!  What had I *done*?  It was her 
fingering my rear--I just *knew* it!  She slipped a finger into my 
rear hole now and then.  It went easily--had she put something on 
her fingers?  She pushed a second finger in.  There was nothing I 
could do!  A third!

I'd never had anything in my rear like that before.  She was fingering 
my cunt, too.  She knew what she was doing.  I couldn't help my body!  
I was getting close.

I felt movement.  The fingers came out.  I felt hands, then something 
pressing against my rear hole.  A body on mine, heavy!  Pushing 
harder at my rear hole.  A cock!  It was in!  I was being fucked in the 
ass!  I couldn't believe it.

I felt something--someone at my face.  "Good girl!" came Karen's 
voice from above me.  My gag came off and I felt Karen's crotch 
against my face.  "Lick," she said.  "Come on, be a good little slut."  I 
don't know why.  There was nothing else to do.  The cock was pushing 
and pulling--fucking my ass for real.  This couldn't be happening.  
"The little slut *likes* it back there," said Karen, "Show us what a 
slut you are," she added.  "Finger her a little, and she'll come," she 
said.  I felt fingers on my cunt.  It was too much.  I hate to say it but 
I went crazy.  I felt the two bodies against mine and I was writhing 
like a crazy woman.  The guy fucked my ass harder and Karen pressed 
my face harder into her cunt.  I could tell they were coming too.

I lay there, spent.  The gag was put back in my mouth.  No more 
chance to yell.  Then the lights went out and nothing.  I was still 
bound and gagged.

I woke up.  I wasn't tied or gagged.  Karen wasn' t there and neither 
was any sign of the previous evening--except for a note on the 
kitchen table: "Thanks for helping me get my Don back."

I think about them.  They won't talk to me when I see them, but I 
think about them at night when I finger myself.
