AT THE BEACH
 
It was one of those hot summers, in which long days of sun and heat
drove the people towards the sea-shore. Beverly was one of them, seeking 
coolness in the fresh salty wind that blew through her hair. 
"Wow, this beach is crowded!" Beverly said to her friend Janice, who had 
decided to come along with her. Actually, Janice was the neighbor's daughter, 
but she and Beverly had become very close, since Beverly had moved in at her 
new apartment some year ago. She was thirteen years of age, five years younger 
than Beverly, but somehow they always appeared to be on the same wavelength. 
In all sorts of things...
Janice shrugged and replied: "We could have expected this. It's so hot today!
I don't feel much anyway like just lying around all the time and frying in 
the sun." She smiled broadly as she said this, blinking at Beverly, who 
giggled back. 
 
Indeed, Janice was not the exact type for sun-bathing. She had shiny red hair 
all the way down her back. It was matched by her fair skin, which tended to 
get all freckled when exposed to the sun. Her eyes were green and always 
smiling. Janice had a very petite figure, matching her age, Beverly always
thought. That particular day Janice wore tight hot pants, which emphasized her
amazingly long and lean legs. Furthermore she wore beach shoes and a t-shirt,
through which Beverly could clearly see the nipples of her bra-less, petite
yet pert breasts. Beverly wore a mini-dress that day, as she also took pride 
in showing off her nice legs and slender posture. She was quite dark, 
especially compared to Janice. She had black hair which was also very long. 
She and Janice loved to fix eachother's hair; as a matter of fact, that is how 
their friendship started. Beverly had big, brown eyes and full lips and she 
made a somewhat hispanic impression. Not surprisingly, the girls made quite a 
lot of heads turn, as they strolled over the boulevard, hand in hand.
 
"Well, if we wouldn't have come so late, we could still have sun-bathed a 
bit," Beverly said, "but a walk along the sea-shore sounds fine to me too." 
"Hmmmm, how romantic," Janice replied. "I just hope we can find some place 
less crowded."
Beverly looked at the crowd at the beach, which was dissolving as the sun 
started to weaken its attack of tanning rays. 
"I think it'll be ok," she answered smilingly, running her fingers tenderly 
through Janice's full red mane. 
 
At that moment they walked past an icecream-vendor. 
"Hey, do you want some?" Beverly asked, pointing at the cart.
"Sure", was Janice's enthustastic answer, "chocolate and vanilla please!"
Beverly couldn't help but grinning widely. As mature as Janice was in most 
things, she sometimes still was a child. 
"Two HUGE chocolate icecreams please", Beverly ordered to the boy behind the 
cart, fetching her purse.
"Sorry Bev', I only sell popsicles." 
Beverly looked up from her purse and showed a smile of 
recognition. The boy behind the icecream-cart was Peter. She knew him from 
high-school. He was about seventeen years old and had always drawn her 
attention as he was so lively and friendly.
"Hello Pete!" she said. "What a surprise to see you here. What makes you run 
around with ice-cream at a place like this?"
"Well, I need the extra money for my new car," Peter answered, as he handed 
over two large chocolate-popsicles to the girls, peeking at them from under 
his cap, "but these are on the house."
"Well, thank you," Beverly replied. "May I introduce you to Janice? She's a 
good friend of mine."
"Pleased to meet you," Janice said and she stretched out her hand. Peter took 
it carefully and made a bit of a shy impression. Beverly smiled at him and 
said: "See, it may not seem so at first, but Janice and I have a lot in 
common." She took her popsicle, wrapped the foil off it and opened her lips 
widely. Then she shoved the popsicle in her mouth as far as she could, 
sliding it back and forth. Janice giggled at first, then she followed 
Beverly's example. The two girls made a little game out of it who could get 
the popsicle in the farthest. Beverly won, of course, as she had the most 
experience with making room in her throat. Janice managed to get a whole lot 
of the large thing between her lips as well, though. Peter looked at it all, 
amazed at first, looking if there were no other customers arriving, but 
grinning wider and wider all along.
 
The little contest ended, when the ice was almost fully melted by the heat of 
the two girls' throats. 
"Hmmmm, that was good," Beverly said, blinking at Peter. "I'm sure you have 
more to offer."
Peter seemed to blush a bit, or was it the heat? Anyway, Beverly decided to 
change the subject and asked: "How long do you have to work every day?"
"Usually from afternoons till sunset," Peter answered, "though in the evenings
things usually are not so busy. I move up and down the boulevard a lot though."
"You keep in shape very well then," Janice replied. Beverly looked at Peter's 
body and nodded agreeingly. 
"Well, here are some more customers. Work to do!" Peter said. "See you guys 
sometime." He smiled at the girls, who made place for the new group of people. 
They waved him goodbye and continued their walk down to the beach.
 
Beverly and Janice decided to lie down in the evening-sun a while after all. 
They changed into their bikinis, which were very skimpy indeed. Beverly 
enjoyed this a lot, as she had the opportunity of smearing Janice's body in 
with sun-block all over. She loved the feel of her young friend's soft skin 
under her fingers, as she spread the oil all over, kneeding her supple flesh. 
Janice had a hard time not to moan too much, as  she was very sensitive to 
touch. Of course Beverly got her treat as well. Janice's fingers were soft 
and gentle and Beverly dozed off under her touch.
 
The sky was darkening more and more, when Beverly took Janice's hand and 
walked with her towards the flood-line.
"What a lovely evening," Janice said, "it's going to be a beautiful red 
sunset."
"No sunset can match the beauty of your red hair," Beverly answered, as she 
pulled Janice towards her and kissed her face lightly.
"Please don't." Janice pulled back a little, unwillingly, but still. "There 
are people watching." Beverly looked over the beach. There were a few people 
there, mostly other couples, waiting for the sunset. Nothing scary, but she 
knew that Janice felt a little uncomfortable expressing her feelings in 
public. She took Janice by the hand and said: "Okay then, let's go for a 
little walk." 
 
After Beverly took some stuff with them, she and Janice strolled along the 
sea-shore, holding hands all the way. As Janice began to feel more comfortable,
she pressed her body closer to Beverly's. 
"Nobody is watching us now, sweetie," Beverly said, as she wrapped her arms 
around Janice's supple body. Indeed, they appeared to have reached a more or 
less secluded part of the beach. As Janice was somewhat smaller than Beverly, 
she raised her head and softly pressed her lips on those of her lover. Beverly 
ran her fingers through Janice's hair, answering her kiss. She slowly slid her 
tongue through Janice's lips, getting aroused by the taste and feel of 
Janice's tongue playing with hers. Nobody could kiss so fine as Janice! She 
surely was naturally gifted. Beverly felt her desire increasing explosively, 
when Janice wrapped her arms around her and pressed her breasts against her 
body, rubbing her hardening nipples through the fabric of her bikini-top 
against Beverly's stomach. Beverly dropped her stuff and lowered herself a 
bit, so their breasts met, Beverly's cup C against the little, but taunt tits 
of her young friend. The feeling of their nipples rubbing together gave her a 
tingling feeling in her stomach, all the way down to her crotch. She took 
Janice in her arms and started to softly pull her down with her. 
 
"No wait," Janice mumbled. It took Beverly some seconds to regain her senses 
again.
"What?"
"Well," Janice said, "we could still be seen here."
Beverly stood up, sighing deeply at first, but smiling at Janice again, as 
she started to caress her hair.
"But I saw something where we could hide a bit," Janice  continued and she 
pointed along the beach. Beverly looked and saw an old,  secluded boardwalk, 
which rose quite high over the beach.
"Yeah, that's a good idea," she said and she took Janice by the hand again.
 
"No wonder that there's nobody at this place," Janice said as she and Beverly 
arrived at the old, wooden pillars. "It's all stoney here."
"Well, I'll give you something soft to sit on," Beverly replied. She took a 
big towel out of her bag and spread it over the floor under the boardwalk, 
removing some bigger stones. Then she sat down against one of the pillars. 
Janice took the hint and stood over Beverly, softly running her hands through 
her hair. Beverly replied by pulling her closer, nibbling Janice's thighs as 
she caressed her butt and back of her legs. Then she started to pull Janice 
lower, tucking her g-string teasingly with her teeth. Janice lowered herself 
over Beverly, sitting on her lap, so Beverly could wrap her arms around her. 
At that time, the sun appeared under the boardwalk, spreading its red light 
over the tender couple. Beverly, facing the sun, saw how the light gave 
Janice's hair a mysterious, bright glow. 
"Oh Janice," Beverley whispered, "you're so beautiful."
She wanted to say more, but her words got smothered by Janice's tender kisses. 
Beverly gave in fully, sucking her lover's tongue in her mouth, playing with 
it, tasting it. She started to undo Janice's top and let it slide off. 
 
Janice softly kissed Beverly in the neck, moaning softly, as Beverly massaged 
her breasts gently, rolling the hardening nipples between her fingers. Beverly 
felt the wetness between Janice's legs increase, especially as she began to 
rub her crotch against hers. This was a sign for Beverly to slide Janice's 
g-string off and to get rid of hers as well. There was no pubic hair that 
could stand in the way. Beverly and Janice shaved eachother regularly, making 
a loving game out of it. Beverly let go of a deep moan, when she felt Janice's 
naked pussy slide over hers. She bent Janice backwards a bit and ran her tongue
over her little breasts, licking between them, sucking the hard nipples as she 
rolled her tongue around them. Janice answered by arching her back and 
spreading her legs even more, rubbing her labes and clit forcefully over 
Beverly's. 
 
Janice came. She moaned loudly as large amounts of fluids gushed out of her 
pussy, running over Beverly's crotch. When Beverly felt her lover spasm, her 
own orgasm wasn't far either. 
"Ooooohhh.. baby... you're so good...aaawww..."
She took hold of Janice tightly, as that electrifying feeling took control 
over her body. She let herself slide sideways from the pillar, taking Janice 
with her, so that she straddled over her.
 
Still aroused by her orgasm, Beverly turned around over Janice's body, 
straddling over her head as she spread Janice's legs, positioning for a 
sixty-nine. Janice lifted her head and began to circle her tongue around 
Beverly's pussy. Beverly first caressed Janice's labes gently, trying not to 
get too distracted by the wonderful things Janice was doing between her legs. 
She shoved her fingers deeply in Janice's vagina, caressing her labes with the 
tip of her tongue. Janice moaned in exstacy, stopping for a while. Beverly 
spread her legs wider, granting Janice more access. But Janice didn't need the 
hint. She shoved her tongue deeply between Beverly's labes, sucking her clit 
fiercly, causing huge amounts of pussy-juices to flow over her face.
As a result, Beverly attacked Janice's clit, giving it a blow-job as it grew 
bigger. 
 
Both girls orgasmed almost at the same time. Their screams must have been 
heard at a long distance, but at this moment, they couldn't have cared less. 
 
They lied next to eachother on the blanket under the boardwalk for a while, 
kissing the cum from eachother's lips.
"I'm so lucky I've found you," Beverly whispered in Janice's ear. As a reply, 
Janice squeezed her playfully.
"We'd better get dressed and get back again," Beverly said. "It's getting 
pretty dark already."
So they put on their ordinary clothes and walked back along the shore again, 
enjoying the last bits of red sky as they reached the public beach, which was 
still not completely empty.
 
When they walked up the boulevard, they saw Peter's cart.
"Hi there, Pete," Beverly said. "You're still at work? Sales must have been 
pretty good."
"Hey, you're still here!" Peter replied, smiling happily at the girls. "Yeah, 
things have been pretty busy today," he continued, "but now my day is done!"
"That's what YOU think," Beverly said, blinking at him seducively in an 
overly obvious way. "We still didn't pay for our ice-cream. I hate to have 
debts." She and Janice exchanged meaningful looks and Janice smiled broadly.
"Hey ladies, the ice was on the h..."
Peter stopped, suddenly knowing what was going on. He grinned widely,
examining the girls with full interest. Then he turned to his cart again.
"I have to bring this thing back to where it belongs," he said.
"Well, we can come along with you," Janice answered. Peter nodded and so they 
went, Peter pulling the cart up the boulevard with the two girls helping him 
out. They arrived at a shack, a little walk away from the boulevard. Peter 
took a key and opened the door.
"This ice-hut belongs to my uncle," he said. "Through him I got this job, see."
There was a huge refrigerator in the middle of the room. A door lead to another
room behind that. Peter stored the cart and let the girls enter the back-room 
before him.
There was an old sofa there. A naked light-bulb was hanging from the ceiling. 
Peter switched it on and kicked off his shoes.
"I know, it's not a palace," he said, "but do sit down."
"It's okay," Beverly answered, "we have everything we want."
She walked over to Peter and kissed him. He seemed a bit surprised at first, 
but then gave in and kissed her back intensely. Janice stood behind him and 
started to place little kisses in his neck.

"Hmmmm, you seem to be the timid type," Beverly said, as they had been kissing 
a while, without him doing much more. "But I know just the thing for it."
She kicked off her shoes and sat down on the sofa, pulling Peter with her. 
Janice sat behind her and started to fondle her dress, opening the back zipper,
sliding the dress off her shoulders. Then she placed kisses all over Beverly's
shoulders and neck. Beverly turned her head to engage in a deep french kiss 
with Janice, who slid her hand between Beverly's legs. She pulled up the skirt,
allowing Peter a nice view on Beverly's bare pussy. Beverly also didn't wear 
her bra, so Janice started to fondle her breasts with her one hand, as she 
parted Beverly's labes with the other. She slid her fingers in, rubbing the 
swelling labes and clit softly. Peter began to caress Beverly's legs, moving 
his mouth towards her breasts. He took her nipples between his lips, sucking 
them and tucking them lightly with his teeth.
"See? I knew you'd come along," Beverly moaned. Janice stood up and sat down 
behind Peter, who continued slowly, but securely. Janice also kicked off her 
shoes and then let her pants follow, along with her t-shirt. She was the first 
to go naked, but Beverly soon followed, as Peter hepled her to take off her 
dress. 
"Your turn," Janice whispered. She helped Peter out of his t-shirt, meanhile 
placing kisses all over his back. She licked his ears, as she pressed her 
hardening nipples against his back, wrapping her arms around him from behind. 
Peter moaned, as Beverly joined in by licking his nipples and stomach. Janice 
slowly started to unzip his jeans. Then Beverly took over and pulled the 
trousers off his legs. 
 
When he was only sitting in his boxer shorts, Janice, still sitting behind 
him, started to caress his breast and stomach, moving her hands down till she 
slowly slid one of them inside his shorts. Peter gasped a bit, when she took 
hold of his dick, pumping it slowly in her fine, little hand. His rod grew 
fast and soon Janice could hardly wrap her fingers around it.
"Wow, he's a big one," she said.
"Really?" Beverly replied. "Let's see."
She slowly pulled Peter's boxer shorts down, revealing an indeed large and 
thick stick. Peter just smiled. The massage Janice gave to his dick seemed to 
be a good one, though she had a bit trouble handling it. Still she kneaded 
the flesh up and down, squeezing the head lightly, sometimes rolling his balls
through her fingers. 
"That looks tasty," Beverly smiled. Janice understood and let go of Peter's 
dick, who sighed deeply. Beverly took his rod in her hands, giving it the 
same kind of massage Janice did. She started to run her tongue up and down the 
shaft, unleashing little moans from Peter. Janice turned Peter's head a bit 
and french kissed him deeply, as Beverly took each of his balls in her mouth 
seperately, massaging them with her tongue. After that she licked her way up 
his dick again. When she was up, she parted her lips, sliding the tip of the 
head in. She pulled it out, just to form her lips over Peter's dick again, 
taking it deeper this time. She repeated the pattern, slowly taking in more 
and more. 
 
After a while she paused a bit, jacking Peter's dick, using her spit for lube. 
"Well? Like it?" she said. It was needless to ask. Peter was  grinning widely, 
obviously at the peak of his joy.
"Don't you want to join in?" Beverly smilingly asked Janice, who was still 
sitting behing Peter, caressing him.
"I have an idea," Janice replied. She stood up and went out of the room. 
Beverly and Peter heard some noises coming from the other room, but didn't 
think about it too long, as Beverly took his cock back between her lips, 
taking him deeper still with each instroke. 
When Janice returned, she appeared to have brought some plates with ice-cream 
on them.
"I just took some popsicles and mashed them," she said. Beverly didn't answer. 
She just had Peter's dick in half-way down her throat. Janice walked over to 
her, took some ice-cream and started smearing it over Peter's balls and the 
base of his dick.
"What the ... " Peter began, but he silenced as he felt the sensation of two 
pair of lips on his dick. Beverly bobbed her head up and down, her lips 
tightly around his rod, as Janice began to lick the ice off his balls. The 
sensation of cold and hot was overwhelming for Peter. This became even more 
intense, as Beverly stopped for a while, letting Janice take over. Janice took 
some ice-cream and smeared Peter's dick in with it. Then she took some in her 
mouth and slid her lips over Peter's dick-head, taking it in slowly. Peter 
moaned loudly, as he felt his rod slide through the cold mass into Janice's 
hot throat. Rather than bopping up and down, Janice just swallowed Peter's 
dick in more and more, letting him enter as deep as he could.
"Owwww, you naughty little girl," Beverly said laughingly. "I know a young 
girl like you just LOVES ice-cream. Now you beat me at the game after all."
Beverly crawled behind Janice, who was kneeling on the floor, and wrapped her 
arms around her. She searched for Janice's hairless pussy and slid her fingers 
between her labes. Then she decided to lie down on the floor, letting Janice
straddle her face as she attacked her pussy with fast-moving attacks of her
tongue. 
 
Janice shuddered. Not only from Beverly's actions, but also because Peter's 
dick started throbbing in her mouth. He pushed it in almost fully, as his 
breathing got erratic. Short after that Janice felt a warm stream of sperm 
being shot in her throat. She took out his dick, which squirted one last shot 
of cum against her lips. Janice licked it off and then let herself slide back 
at the caresses of Beverly, who had wetted one finger with Janice's richly 
flowing pussy-juices and shoved it up her arse.
 
Peter looked at the girls engaging in their horny game. He kissed Janice, who 
was leaning forward on the sofa to let Beverly's tongue and finger enter her 
deeper. Peter caressed Janice's cute, lovely breasts, kissing them. For a few 
seconds he just looked at her, while she squirmed under his and Beverly's 
tender caresses. Such a young girl, but already so sensual and ready for 
action. He almost couldn't believe it. Peter felt like he was in a dream.
 
He slid off the sofa and decided to take care of Beverly's unattended pussy. 
He remembered the sensations of cold and wet he experienced and took some of 
the ice-cream from the plate. He smeared it gently between Beverly's thighs 
and then softly licked it off again, closing in on her pussy, which was 
already throbbing with anticipation. Then he took some of the ice-cream and 
softly smeared it over Beverly's labes. The reaction was immediate: a shock 
went through Beverly's body, as she let go of a deep "oooahhhhmmmm..." 
Obviosuly she couldn't say more, as Janice was pushing her pussy against her 
lips. Peter put some ice-cream on his tongue and shoved it between Beverly's 
swollen labes. He spread her pussy and started to eat it out, causing Beverly 
to jerk her hips upward madly.
 
It didn't take long before Peter noticed how the excitement of the girls 
rubbed off on him as well. His dick was rising fast again. After he had licked 
out the last bit of ice-cream out of Beverly's pussy, he straddled over her 
legs, facing Janice's back, which he began to caress up and down as he let his 
dick close in on Beverly's cunt. Beverly seemed to utter a smothered cry of 
joy, when Peter slid his dick between her wet and waiting labes. He wrapped 
one arm around Janice, kissing her where he could, while he started to thrust 
his dick back and forth. Beverly came within seconds, as Peter also stimulated 
her clit with his fingers. His dick slid back and forth in her soaking wet 
pussy while he turned Janice's head for a deep french kiss. 
 
Obviously very aroused, Beverly shoved one more finger in Janice's arse, 
sliding both fingers back and forth forcefully. Peter saw it happen and he 
also noticed, how excited Janice reacted to that treatment.
He bent over to her and asked: "Wouldn't you like something real in there?"
Janice just replied by searching his lips and kissing him deeply. Beverly took 
her fingers out of Janice's arse and said: "Just be careful, Peter. She has 
never done this for real before." Then she gently parted Janice's cute, 
well-formed butt-cheeks. Janice reacted by bending forward over the sofa even 
more, sticking her butt backwards, so Peter could clearly see her pink, little 
star. He hesitated though, as it all seemed so small to him. This was a 
thirteen-year old girl! How could she ever take his dick up her arse?
Janice seemed to read his thoughts as she said: "Don't worry, Pete. Beverly 
just stretched me back there and I know she will take good care of me from the 
other side, as I'm sure you will too when you enter me there. Besides, I am 
used to a little pain."
"Okay darling," Peter replied, as he stopped his slow thrusting in Beverly's 
pussy. He slid his dick out, which was all wet from Beverly's juices. 
"See?" Janice said, as his dick closed in on her arse. "Your dick is already 
lubed too...."
The last word ended in a little squeal, as Peter pressed the head of his dick 
against her anus and started to force it through. 
 
Janice's arse opened up slowly. Peter stopped a while with pushing his dick 
in, as Janice let go of a deep whining and moaning, which definetely sounded 
like cries of pain to him. But Janice urged him to go on. Beverly obviously 
did a good job between her legs, mellowing the pain by sucking and licking 
Janice's labes and clit. Peter also caressed Janice's breats and shoulders, 
kissing her in her neck, as he continued to force his rod up her arse.  
 
Finally, after some while, Janice's butt-hole opened up completely and 
swallowed the head of Peter's dick. Peter moaned loudly, loving the feeling of 
Janice's anal muscles massaging his hot rod. Janice shuddered and whimpered a 
bit, which Peter actually began to find quite a turn-on. He pushed his dick 
some one or two inches further up her arse.
"Oooohhh, you're so tight," he moaned in Janice's ear. Indeed, he never had 
felt such a a grip on his dick before. 
"Fill me," Janice whimpered, "don't let go. Stretch me, fuck me there, 
deeper... please... "
As she said these words, Peter felt how her arse began to relax and he slid 
some two inches further in. This girl was truly opening up to him!
 
It didn't take Peter much more effort to push his dick in fully. Unbelievable! 
This fragile girl had his huge dick all the way up her arse! He bent backwards 
a bit and looked down as if he couldn't believe it, but he clearly saw his rod 
disappear in the tightness between Janice's butt-cheeks, which had been 
stretched enormously. He also saw Beverly's beautiful body. Beverly was still 
treating Janice's pussy, causing Janice's arse to squeeze his dick. Peter 
slowly pulled his dick back again, which caused a deep sigh with Janice. When 
Peter was almost fully out, he forced his dick back in again, much faster 
this time. Janice held on tight to the pillows on the sofa and moaned. Peter 
began to repeat the pattern, sliding back and forth in long strokes, gradually 
increasing speed. 
 
Peter had just slid his dick fully up Janice's arse again, as Janice came 
with a loud, whining scream. Her anal muscles spasmed around Peter's rod 
ecstatically. Through this Peter reached his own orgasm in no-time. He almost 
blackened out, as he shot his sperm up Janice's arse. His dick slid out of 
the tight hole, so the last shots of cum landed over Janice's back and then 
over Beverly's shoulders. 
 
"Oh my..."  Peter sighed as he rolled on the floor on his back. As he looked 
at the girls, he saw that Janice was licking his cum off Beverly's shoulders. 
Beverly then held Janice tight to her, smearing the cum on her back all over.
"You were a good girl," Beverly whispered in Janice's ear. "A good girl. I 
knew you could do it." Janice smiled happily at Beverly and then kissed her. 
Beverly blinked at Peter and he could do nothing more but smile back and nod 
agreeingly.
 
"Well, if you want to take a shower, there is one just outside," Peter said 
after a while. The girls didn't hesitate and decided to wash off the sweat 
and cum off eachother's body. They also washed Peter all over, paying special 
attention to his dick, which was a bit greasy from having been all the way up
Janice's arse. 
 
Peter brought the girls home in his car, receiving deep goodbye-kisses. 
"Tomorrow, same time same place?" Peter asked, when the girls stepped out of 
the car.
"Who knows?" Beverly answered and she blinked meaningfully. She and Janice 
walked up the doorway hand in hand. They sure had a lot of explaining to do to 
Janice's parents, but hey, it sure had been worth it! What was wrong about 
forgetting the time while having fun at the beach anyway?
 
                            THE END
 
