Copyright © 1998,   (Racecar).  ALL Rights Reserved
The following story is being published anonymously for the author (Racecar) 
by Mr Double (mrdouble@mrdouble.com).  








                          The Atonement (d/s)

                              By "Racecar"

Author's note: This is my first attempt at story telling. It includes some dominance, submission, mild pain, lesbianism, voyeurism, etc. -- although mild when compared to some stories I've read. PLEASE download all comments, good or bad, to "Racecar" on Rusty & Edies BBS.

Thanks,

"Racecar"

Chapter One: In The Beginning ...

She can still see it all as if it were happening again this moment. The expression on his face just before impact. She could see he knew it was coming -- that he knew he was going to be severely injured and there was no way he could avoid it. That expression clearly said what writers would take volumes to say. She could see the face change as it hit the windshield only inches from her eyes. It changed as if everything were happening in slow motion -- as if he was willing time to slow down enough to allow him to get out of this mess. She could feel the bump of the rear tires running over the body. And she could still feel her foot pressing on the accelerator taking her away from there as quickly as possible. She wonders if anyone else witnessed the horror that occurred that night. She wonders if she could have saved his life if she had stopped. She wonders how long these flashbacks would go on. She wonders just what John really thinks of her. Outwardly he acts like the model of a devoted husband-- offering her support and solace, as well as trying to cover up everything. She wonders what would happen to her if the authorities found out she was the hit-and-run driver they've been looking for since Saturday. Mostly she wonders "why me?"

The knock on the door brought her back to the present and to reality. Before she had time to get up and answer, the call "Barbara?" told her it was Cheryl. Cheryl had introduced herself the day she moved in and, within an hour, was talking about her sex life as if they had been lifelong friends. Barbara had been taken aback by this at first but came to accept Cheryl's "cock sure of herself" boldness. For the most part, Cheryl was your average 23 year old girl-next-door. Plain looking with no exceptional features. Sandy blonde hair, well built, firm body, friendly personality, but with a decided fixation on sex. She had lived in the house next door with her parents until she married and moved into her own apartment about a year ago. Being childless and not working left her with plenty of time on her hands, especially since her husband had to be away on business so often. She spent a good deal of this time at her parent's home and, inevitably, at Barbara's kitchen table over coffee. During these conversations Barbara discovered that Cheryl was not really having a great marriage and it was obvious that Cheryl's lack of inhibitions clashed with her husband, Don's, rather prudish conservative manner. Barbara also knew that Cheryl wanted to get in the sack with John very badly and had even hinted of swinging when they were all partying together. Barbara knew Cheryl well enough to know that Cheryl would never cease to surprise her and that she usually got what she was after.

Barbara seemed to sense that something was different about Cheryl today. As she poured the coffee she noticed Cheryl sat at the table without saying a word. This was totally out of character for Cheryl who normally wouldn't stop talking from the moment she walked through the door until she walked back out of it. Having set the cups on the table, Barbara took her seat and was about to open the conversation with a "What's new?" when Cheryl suddenly opened up.

"Guess what happened to me Saturday night?" she started, although it was not the cheerful "can't wait to tell ya" tone one would expect from Cheryl.

"What?" Barbara tried to sound genuinely interested in what Cheryl was saying.

"I was coming home to spend the rest of the weekend at mom's when I dropped my cigarette onto the carpet. I pulled over and was looking for it when this drunk, trying to cross the street, bumps into my car, staggers back, then walks right in front of the car into the street." She paused to sip her coffee then lit a cigarette before continuing. "Guess what happened next?"

"I have no idea." Barbara said. She could tell she was beginning to panic. Her heart was pounding so hard she thought surly Cheryl must hear it.

"Oh, I think you do." Cheryl responded. "I think you know I saw this Pontiac, just like yours, come flying down the street, run him down then take off like a bat out of hell. I think you know I saw a woman driving who looked exactly like you. I think you know I saw the license plate number and it was your number. I think you know." Cheryl's eyes were glued on Barbara. She took a long drag on the cigarette and blew the smoke over her cup towards Barbara and just waited.

"What the hell are you talking about? I was here with John all night on Saturday. Ask him!" Barbara shot back.

"Barbara, this is me. I'm no fool. If that's the case, how did your windshield get broken? Yes, I just 'happened' to notice it through the garage window on my way over here. C'mon. Stop bullshitting me. You know, I wonder what the cops are gonna find when they go over that windshield looking for hair or blood or whatever they do in these cases."

"Why would the cops come here?" Barbara asked suspiciously. She knew the answer of course, but couldn't think of anything else to say at the moment. She just wanted to buy a little time to get her head straight and think of some logical explanation -- something -- anything.

"Well Barbara, I've been fighting with myself since I saw "this nice old guy" get gunned down the other night. I think It's my duty to call the police and tell them what I saw. Unless ..." again Cheryl stopped, sipped and took another puff on the cigarette.

"Unless what?" Barbara was starting to drop her defenses. Maybe, she thought, there is a way out. But then again why would Cheryl say she was going to the police if she really wasn't? She felt the blood rushing to her head and wondered if it was due to embarrassment or to the fact that she was beginning to get a little annoyed with this brat and wished she'd get to the point.

"You know, Barbara, it hasn't been fun for me this past year. Being married to "Mr. Goody Two-shoes" is not what I'd call exciting to begin with, and even at that he's been away so much lately that its almost like I'm single -- only worse. If I were single, I could go out and find someone to spend a wild night with, but being married puts a damper on that kind of behavior. No, I've just been sitting around at nights, watching TV and thinking thoughts. Lately those thoughts have been getting wilder and wilder. When I saw you hit that guy the other night I didn't know what to do. I mean, how could I face you without thinking about what I saw? I sat home trying to think of something to say to you or how to bring it up or whatever. I'd just sit there thinking about it and my thoughts would get wilder and wilder. Finally I thought of what it would be like to have a maid around the house. Someone to wait on me hand and foot and do whatever I told them to." With that said, Cheryl stopped. She slowly, deliberately crushed out her cigarette and put the coffee cup back to her lips, watching Barbara over the rim.

Barbara couldn't control herself any longer. This was too much. Who the hell did this kid think she was?

"Cheryl, you've got to be crazy. If you think I'm gonna be your maid and wait on you hand and foot, you're bananas."

"Now listen Barbara!" Cheryl's tone changed from that of being sickly- sweet to being downright nasty and dominant. "I'm offering you a alternative. Do you know what'll happen to you if they find out you ran that guy over and then left the scene? My guess is at LEAST a year or two in prison for vehicular homicide. How are you going to cope with that? How are going to explain to your kids why they have to visit mommy in jail once a week? How is John going to cope without a woman around the house for that length of time? You think about it."

"What is it you want me to do?" Barbara replied quietly. She knew Cheryl had her, but being a maid for a while sure beat going to jail. What would say to John? How could she get out of the house without him knowing about it?

"Whatever, and I do mean whatever, I tell you to do." Cheryl shot back. "I'll tell you one thing, though. It's gonna involve a whole lot more than housework and waiting on me -- a whole lot more. I told you I've been thinking some wild thoughts lately."

"Cheryl, let's get this straight. I'm not a lesbian and don't intend to become one, so get any thoughts like that right out of your head."

"No, Barbara, you get this straight. You'll do what I say you'll do, when I say to do it and with whoever I say to do it with. I'm not a lesbian either, but I admit to thinking about what it would be like once or twice lately"

"Cheryl, I can't." Barbara whined softly. "I simply can't."

"Tell you what. You think it over. You think it over real good. You look at your husband and your kids and you think of what you in prison will do to them. You think about it and when John comes home, you talk to him about it. You make the decision. I'll be back at 10 o'clock tonight. If you and John agree to this, you put the kids to bed at 9, go take your shower, get all prettied up, and put on your robe -- just your robe, nothing underneath, and wait for me. If I come back and you're not wearing your robe, I'll know the answer is "no" and I'll leave here immediately and the next time you see me I'll be on a witness stand. You think about it. And, by the way, if you do decide to agree to my terms, have a nice chilled bottle of wine on the table for me."

Having said that, Cheryl stood up and looked at Barbara sitting there, stunned, head bowed and near tears. She paused, walked casually to the door and left.

"Well," Barbara thought. "I certainly have gotten myself into a pile of shit this time." She thought about the day in varying states of confusion, disbelief, shock, and humility. She had surely fucked up this time. She remembered telling John what had happened with Cheryl that afternoon. She expected him to react with rage and had prepared herself to restrain him from running next door and killing Cheryl on the spot. She didn't expect the way he did react -- pretty much the same way she did -- completely defeated. He just sat there staring at his glass of beer and didn't say a word. He never even looked up when she told him what she thought she do. He never saw the tears forming in the corners of her eyes as she told him how sorry she was for causing this mess and screwing up their lives. He just stared at the beer as if the golden liquid would show him an answer to all their problems. Finally he stood up, said "Whatever you want to do, babe, I'm with you. I can't tell you how sorry I am that this is happening to you. Whatever you decide, I'll stick by you. I don't know what I'd do." She wondered if he would stand by her or if this ordeal would prove to much for him to handle. Then she wondered what was in store for her. Just what the hell could possibly be worse than what she's been through these past couple of days. If she could survive them, she could survive anything. "I guess I'll find out soon enough." she thought as she finished drying off, stepped out of the shower stall and into her robe.

Cheryl, as usual, was right on time. The knock on the back door came just as the living room clock was beginning to chime. Barbara glanced over at John, took a deep breath and shivered as she uncrossed her legs and began to stand up. John motioned for her to stay put and got up off the sofa and walked casually to the back door.

"Cheryl, what the hell is going on?" He asked even before the door was fully opened. John wasn't sure whether he should show strength and force or humility. He was pissed that Cheryl was doing this to his wife but afraid of what would happen if he didn't consent. What pissed him off most, though, was that Cheryl obviously wanted his wife and he had been hoping to get some wild sack time in with Cheryl himself.

Cheryl took one step into the kitchen, looked at him and smiled. She had obviously "prettied" herself up also. She wore a short cotton dress that wrapped around her and appeared to be held on by one button on the side at the waistline. It was evident to John that she wore no bra or stockings and he wondered if she had anything on at all under that dress. As he looked at her, he felt that familiar twinge in his loins as he began to get hard.

"Well, let's find out, John, shall we?" she replied as she walked past him and stood at the small dinette table in the center of the room. She shifted the rather large tote bag she was carrying to the other shoulder and began to twirl the bottle of Zinfadel around in the ice bucket which sat, all alone, in the center of the table.

"Look, Cheryl, think about what you're asking of us. Friends don't do this sort of thing to friends. What is it that you expect of Barbara? God knows she's been through enough already."

"Don't worry, John. I'm just going to have a little fun. Barbara won't be hurt much. I'm sure that right now this seems like such a sinister thing I'm doing, but lighten up. I think we'll all have a good time in the end. I'm sure you and I will, but Barbara just might not care for it. She's just going to have to put up with it for a while. Who knows? She may enjoy it -- but don't bet on it. As for what I expect of Barbara, we'll go over that shortly. Do me a favor, will you? Get me a glass and bring the wine into the living room where we can all talk this out."

Cheryl turned and walked into the living room. She looked at Barbara sitting in the chair, smiled when she noticed that Barbara was wearing a robe, went over and sat down in the center of the sofa placing her bag beside her. When John came in the room, he set the wine and glasses down on the coffee table in front of the sofa. He silently picked up the bottle and began to pour wine into the three glasses he had set in a row.

"Just pour two glasses, John. I don't believe Barbara will have one just yet." Having said that, Cheryl looked directly at Barbara who was visibly nervous and frightened as she sat rubbing her hands together staring at the carpet.

"Well, Barbara, it appears that you've agreed to my terms after all. Have you?" Cheryl asked while sipping on the cool wine.

"I guess so." Barbara's voice was barely audible and had a distinct waver in it. She never moved her head as she spoke and kept looking down at the carpet.

Cheryl smiled outwardly, but inwardly she was laughing. I've got her where I want her she thought.

"Why, Barbara, I couldn't hear a word you said. Please come over here and stand in front of the table right there in front of me and answer my question." Cheryl spoke cheerfully, as if she were discussing the weather or her new spring ward robe.

Barbara shot a cold look at Cheryl and for a moment was ready to pounce on her and rip her hair out. Luckily she regained her composure quickly and realized that Cheryl was definitely in the driver's seat. She quickly glanced at John who sat there looking at her, uncrossed her legs and slowly started over to the sofa.

Cheryl smiled even wider when Barbara got up and walked over to the exact spot she had directed her to. She lifted her glass and finished the wine in one long sip then turned to John who was still looking at his wife. Cheryl noticed that John's hard-on was undermining his outward attempt to show his disdain for the proceedings.

"John, would you refill my glass, please? And, by the way John, please don't interrupt Barbara and I during this discussion. You'll have plenty of time to voice your opinion to Barbara after I leave."

Cheryl then directed her attention to Barbara standing in front of her. She did look hopeless standing there, still looking at the carpet.

"Well, Barbara, have you agreed to my terms, or haven't you?

"Yes." was all Barbara could whisper before almost losing her breath.

"Let's see about that. First of all, the correct answer would be "Yes, Mistress". Please try again and speak so that we can hear you."

"Yes, mistress" Barbara spat back, then realizing she sounded hostile and afraid Cheryl would get angry she continued in a more humble tone. "I agree to your terms."

"Good. Let's begin then." Cheryl sat up and opened her tote bag and rummaged through it for a minute then withdrew a tape recorder, Polaroid camera and a file folder. She opened the file folder and pulled out a single sheet of paper and la id it on the table in front of Barbara.

"OK, Barbara, you wanted to know what I expected you to do. Well, that paper will enlighten things a bit. Now I want you to remove your robe -- you don't have anything on under it do you?"

"No." Barbara said and quickly added "mistress."

"Well, take it off and lets see."

Cheryl was pleasantly surprised when Barbara's hands undid the sash and let the robe slip off her arms. Barbara had a much better body than she had imagined. She wasn't as thin as Cheryl had pictured. A better word to describe her would be "trim" with small, pert breasts and a firm, flat tummy one wouldn't expect from a 28 year old mother of two. Cheryl had mentioned to a few of her neighbors who dropped by for coffee this morning that she just may have a "slave/maid" shortly and when she described Barbara to them she did not do her justice. Of course the girls got all giggly and excited about the prospect and made Cheryl promise to keep them informed. Cheryl had never had a lesbian experience and really never thought she would. Sure she fantasized about it occasionally when Don was on one of his business trips, but for the most part, Cheryl was strictly straight. She thought about this whole scenario as a possible means to get John in bed with her, but now she was really getting turned on and the thought of having John while Barbara helped and even provided some services of her own was delicious. She could really have a good time with this plan, that's for sure.

Barbara could feel her face getting red. She had never felt so shamed in her life. She held the robe over her forearms and in front of her so to cover her pubic area. She didn't dare look at John, but wondered what he was looking at and what he was thinking. She just wanted to sink into the floor and disappear. She was startled when Cheryl started speaking again.

"Very nice, Barbara. Put the robe down on the chair."

Barbara turned around and bent over to put the robe onto the chair. Cheryl felt herself quietly gasp when she saw Barbara's rump. She always had sort of a "butt fetish" but Don would have no part of that action. She remembered sneaking up on him one night during foreplay and trying to stick her small vibrator into his butt. You'd think she tried to kill him from his reaction. Barbara's rear end was exquisite and she knew she would have fun playing with that. The sight was short lived as Barbara turned and returned to her spot in front of the table to await her next order.

"Please pick up that paper and read it, Barbara. It is your statement of submission to me." Cheryl leaned forward and pressed the 'record" button on the recorder as Barbara bent down to pick up the paper. Barbara straightened up and looked at the paper as tears began forming in her eyes.

"Read it aloud, Please!" Cheryl was annoyed now. "The tape can't record your thoughts, you know"

Barbara shuddered from the tone of Cheryl's voice and began reading, aloud from the top.

"I, Barbara Morris, hereby announce my willingness to surrender myself to my mistress, Cheryl Sather. In so doing, I agree to the following terms."

"1. I shall make myself available to my mistress with one days notice. I will make all arrangements for baby-sitting, etc. that will be necessary for me to meet these obligations. I understand that there will be no more than 2 sessions per week though some sessions may require my attendance overnight or for the weekend.

"2. I shall appear for each such session freshly bathed and groomed and dressed in apparel requested by Mistress Cheryl. I understand that all under clothing, bras, panties, hosiery, etc. are not to be worn at any time during these sessions unless I am directed to do so my Mistress Cheryl.

"3. I will not speak unless directed to do so by Mistress Cheryl or if given permission to do so by Mistress Cheryl. I will always end each sentence with "Mistress Cheryl".

"4. At no time will I object to, or refuse to carry out an order given by Mistress Cheryl.

"5. Although my husband, John may be present, I will ignore him, his actions, suggestions and orders unless directed otherwise by my Mistress.

"6. I understand fully that these sessions will be sexual in nature and involve actions I do not approve of or that repulse me. I shall, however, comply promptly with my mistresses' directions and agree to give complete control of my body to my Mistress Cheryl.

"7. I understand that my failure to comply with these conditions, including objecting to, or refusing to obey an order by Mistress Cheryl will result in my being punished, which I agree to accept.

"8. I understand that no physical pain or permanent harm will come to me although I will experience humiliation, discomfort, embarrassment and revulsion. I understand that my failure to obey will call for punishment which may cause pain, but no permanent damage to me.

"I am a humble slave to my mistress, Cheryl Sather."

Barbara's tears streamed down her cheeks as she finished reading. She felt her knees buckle and felt as if she might faint at any moment. When she said the last words, she remained staring at the paper and watched as drops of her tears fell on the words, as if to punctuate each thing she was submitting to. She couldn't speak or force herself to look at John, who she desperately needed at this moment.

Cheryl reached forward and stopped the tape recorder. This time she grabbed the bottle and poured herself another glass of wine and filled John's glass. She looked at Barbara, then John, sat back and stared at the naked, quivering Barbara a gain.

"Any questions, Barbara?" She said softly, almost as if she had sympathy for her once good friend whom she has shared so many secrets with.

"Yes, just how long to expect me to do this? It can't go on forever, you know." Barbara, too had changed. She seemed more at ease in her nakedness now. Not comfortable, mind you, but her concentration seemed centered on the business at ha d. She even glanced at John and noticed he had one helluva hard-on as he fixed his eyes on her bare silhouette.

"Already you've failed to comply with your terms, slave. I believe item number 3 on that sheet was violated. I'll make your punishment easy this time, though. But remember what you've agreed to in the future, for your next punishment will not be pleasant, I assure you. Now to answer your question, this will go on as long as I can keep it going, but I know that I'd look foolish going to the police after a long time had passed. Then again, you may wish it to go on forever. Who knows? Believe this -- it is going on at this moment and you will either hold to your agreement or I'm out of here and on my way to the police. Does that answer your question?"

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara's demeanor again changed to one of complete submission and her head dropped to face the carpet once more.

"Good. Now let's get this show on the road. I've got some preliminaries to go over and then there's that punishment due." Cheryl fidgeted in her tote bag some more and finally withdrew what appeared to be a photo album. She laid it on the table and opened it to the first page. Barbara noticed that it was empty and wondered why Cheryl brought it out, until Cheryl grabbed the camera. She sensed then that it would not be empty long.

"This book, Barbara, has 100 pages." Cheryl continued. "Each page will hold 6 photos on each side. That means when full, this album will have 1200 photos, assuming I don't add additional pages. Each of those photos will have one thing in common -- they will all be of you naked and posed in every way, doing everything imaginable. We will begin tonight with some rather basic shots of you alone." She paused and looked at John who seemed mesmerized by what she was saying. "John, would you be a dear and move this coffee table so that it sits perpendicular to the sofa, and get me nice sheet to spread over it and, oh yes, I'll need a pillow."

John jumped to his feet and cleared the table of the wine, which he sat on the floor at Cheryl's feet, and in one move, positioned the table as Cheryl directed. Cheryl then shifted the lampshades on the end tables so that the coffee table was bathed in bright light. John scurried out of the room to get the pillow and sheet. Meanwhile, Cheryl directed her attention to Barbara who was standing with her hands held open in front of her pubic area.

"Barbara, you seem to have a problem with your hands. It seems you don't know what to do with them while standing there. From now on, and for all future sessions, when you are awaiting orders, I want you to put both hands behind your head and clasp your fingers. Also, from now on you are to keep your legs apart so that your pussy is easily accessible to me for whatever I have in mind -- I'd say that when standing there should be 3 feet between each foot, and when kneeling, 2 feet between your knees. And, by the way, keep your head up and look straight ahead with your eyes open. I wouldn't want you to miss anything. Got it?"

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara said as she quickly put her hands behind her head and moved her feet apart. God, she felt humiliated. How would she ever survive this ordeal. She trembled as she imagined what those 1200 pictures would be like. She wondered how many different things could she be photographed doing to fill up that book. She looked straight ahead, as directed, and focused on the painting on the wall behind the sofa. Since John had moved the table, she was some distance from Cheryl now, but she still could not see her out the bottom of her eyes. She heard her doing something but dared not move her eyes downward to look for fear of accruing another punishment. The thought of the punishment came to mind and she trembled once again as she remembered her oath which said that punishment may be painful. Once more, tears began filling her eyes.

John returned carrying the sheet and pillow and stopped dead in his tracks when he entered the living room and saw Barbara standing there in that position. His dick twitched again and he thought for sure he would have an orgasm right in his pants if this continued much longer. Cheryl noticed him standing there and told him to spread the sheet on the table and to place the pillow in the center of the table so it would raise "Barbara's pretty little butt" up enough to make "everything" visible to the camera lens. He glanced at Barbara and saw her face turn crimson and the tears rolling down her cheeks. His dick twitched once more and he ran to accomplish his task.

Cheryl, refilled the wine glasses again, picked up the camera, stood up and moved out of John's way as he covered the table. She walked around Barbara and stopped behind her to admire her ass again. She continued around until she was just inches away from Barbara's face. She lifted her hand to Barbara's breast and gently cupped it, marveling at how firm it was. She had not expected Barbara to be in such great shape and she certainly did not expect herself to be as excited as she was. She had not worn panties that night and could feel her juices trickling out of her pussy and soaking her thighs. As her eyes glanced over to see how John was doing she noticed his hard-on had gotten bigger and seemed to be ready to bust out of his pants. She thought about how good this night was going to be and how great future nights were going to be. Gradually, she thought, she'd have Barbara groveling to lick her ass while John fucked her. She was on the brink of orgasm when she caught herself and focused her attention back to Barbara.

Cheryl positioned Barbara towards the center of the room and took a couple of pictures of her standing in that embarrassing position. Barbara fought back the urge to close her eyes and kept staring at the painting as Cheryl moved around her and snapped some more shots from the rear, then the side. She was aware of John's presence and wanted desperately to look into his eyes thinking that doing so would transport her to another place. Her peace was shattered and her fears heightened when Cheryl spoke.

"Barbara, I want a picture of you with your nipples hard. Play with nipples until they're hard. Do you remember telling me how much you enjoyed having your breasts played with?"

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara's voice was really beginning to crack now. Slowly, she moved her hands from behind her head to her breasts and began massaging her nipples between her thumbs and forefingers. She blinked when the flash went off again, and again. She willed her body to make her nipples hard so she could stop this in front of John. Where was he, anyway? She longed to look around for him but settled for fantasizing that it was his hands playing with nipples and soon realized that they were indeed getting harder.

"That didn't take long, did it slave?"

"No, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara heard Cheryl's question and heard herself reply, but she continued with her fantasy and playing with her nipples.

John had poured another glass of wine for himself and had sat down on a chair while Cheryl busied herself taking pictures. He never dreamed he would ever desire his wife as much as he did this very minute. He was on the verge of exploding and knew he had to do something pretty soon. As Cheryl got between him and Barbara, He noticed he could see up her dress and he was not surprised to see she wasn't wearing panties. Her ass looked perfect and the wetness he noticed on the inside of her thighs made him want her as much as he wanted Barbara.

"Let's not get too carried away, Barbara." Cheryl's voice broke the silence and seemed to awaken the entire room from a misty dream. "Put your hands behind your head again while I get some shots of your pretty little titties. "Click. Click. Pop. Pop. "There. That should take care of the "R" rated stuff. Lay down on the table, on your back, hands behind your head, legs straddling the table, feet flat on the floor."

Barbara moved quickly to the table. Anything would be better than standing there like that, she thought. Once in position, she realized how wrong she was. The air hitting the inside of thighs and flowing across her vagina then down over her anus when Cheryl adjusted the pillow under her, made her feel more humiliated and vulnerable than ever. While her eyes remained wide open, she barely noticed Cheryl moving around over her and the camera flashing. She did, however, feel the heat of the flash on her pussy and knew that some of these pictures were going to be close-ups. Her thoughts kept drifting back to John somewhere in the room watching her being subjected to this and she wondered whether he was embarrassed for her or whether he was angry at Cheryl for doing this, or perhaps, was he getting excited watching her going through these motions. The possibility of John getting excited made it a little easier on her. She didn't attempt to understand how, or why, he would get excited at her dilemma but she thought at least she was doing something good for him. That thought made it possible for her to reach down between her legs and spread her vagina wide open when Cheryl ordered her to. It allowed her to answer "Yes, Mistress Cheryl." when she was admonished to do so before carrying out each order Cheryl barked out.

"Why, Barbara, I believe you're finally getting a little wet down there." Cheryl's observation made Barbara blush even more. "Now I want you to put your feet in the air, spread as far as you can, so I can get some shots of your pussy AND asshole."

Cheryl's coarse language increased Barbara's embarrassment. Cheryl always used such language when they talked to one another, but this was different. John was present and Cheryl was talking about her pussy and asshole. Nonetheless, she carried out the order and raised her legs up and spread open and replied "Yes, Mistress Cheryl." She winced in pain as Cheryl grabbed her ankles and spread her legs even wider. She assured Cheryl that she would try to keep them there, but knew she couldn't do that for any length of time. It helped relieve the strain when she put her arms around her legs and spread her cheeks as Cheryl had ordered so that she could get a better shot of her puckered ass.

"This just won't do, Barbara. You're not holding your legs far enough apart. John, would you mind giving your wife a hand? Stand at her head and grab her ankles so that you can spread her legs wide open for me."

John jumped to his feet and darted to his appointed position. He grabbed Barbara's ankles and forced her legs as far apart as he thought she could bear. Momentarily his eyes crossed Barbara's and he was both ashamed for helping with her degradation and excited with the participation at the same time.

My, my. Look at you, John. You're hornier than a male dog in a kennel full of bitches in heat." Cheryl laughed at John's predicament. "Maybe we can do something about that. Barbara, I'd like you to help John get some relief so that he may be of better use to me. You will suck him off while he and I are busy posing you for your album, won't you?"

No, no. Barbara wanted to scream out. Not here under these lights. Not with you watching and snapping pictures. This is something sacred. This is between him and I. This is something we share alone, in our bed, in darkness. Everything inside her told her to stop this charade, kick Cheryl out of the house and rid herself of this nightmare. She was shocked to hear her voice say "Yes, Mistress Cheryl." She was still in shock when she felt John's hands around her ankles again and saw his rock hard cock dangling there just inches above her face. She didn't know why she parted her lips and allow him to enter her mouth. She had never done this in this position before. Her head rocked back, and she felt his cock sliding down the back of her throat as he rocked his hips back and forth as if he were fucking her face. She had never been able to take him so deep before. She became oblivious to her surroundings and began bobbing her head in time with his hips.

Cheryl was beside herself. John was as big as she fantasized him to be. As she watched Barbara take his huge cock all the way into her mouth, she knew she had found the perfect couple. The sight of the pair made her stop taking pictures and watch for a while. After a short pause she went back to work taking close-ups of Barbara spreading her pussy lips, then spreading her ass, then of Barbara sucking John's cock. She had never before been able to change the film as quickly as she did when she ran out in the middle of all this. She definitely wanted to get a picture of him coming and shouted at him to pull out of Barbara's mouth just before he came and to come over her tits. He never answered but she was too busy taking pictures to hear him if he had. Finally, she saw him pull his cock out of her mouth and she aimed the camera just in time to get some shots of his come covering her tits and open mouth. She thought he'd never stop coming. It was everywhere, as if it wasn't a cock but a rubber bag filled with semen. Eventually, he did stop coming and began losing his erection. She saw the cock slowly throb and it reminded her of the way a track star slowly came to rest after a race. Not just stop when it was over, but gradually slow the pace down until finally collapsing into a heap. She looked at Barbara lying there. Her eyes were closed and her head tilted as far back as possible, but she still had her fingers spreading her ass wide open -- just as Cheryl had ordered.

The sound of Cheryl's voice hit Barbara in the head like a hammer. She had drifted off into space and now was crashing back to Earth. When she jumped, she almost pulled her legs out of John's hands and she let go of her cheeks for a brief instant, but quickly recovered and spread them open again. She opened her eyes and stared straight up at John's cock, which was still forming droplets which, in turn, dripped onto face. His balls were no more than 10 inches above her forehead and swung gently in the air. She had not heard what Cheryl had said and wasn't sure whether she ask her to repeat it or maybe just ignore her in the hopes that she was not talking to her, but just making a comment.

"Let's see now -- closing your eyes, failure to answer me -- your punishment is beginning to build up. I can't say as I blame you though after that. I had no idea you were such a good cock-sucker, Barbara. We're just gonna have to videotape your technique sometime so we'll have a reference for novices. Now! Answer me!. Did you enjoy sucking John's cock?"

Barbara's felt her face redden again. She had enjoyed it, but loathed Cheryl's presence and the way it came about -- that had ruined the whole thing.

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl" she stammered.

"Good. Let's see just how much you enjoyed it. Let go of your ass and spread that pussy wide -- and I mean wide -- so we can see just how wet you are." Cheryl picked up the camera again and leaned forward.

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara quickly let go of her ass and brought her hands around between her legs, spreading her vagina as far open as she could "so all the world could see" she said to herself sarcastically. She felt something entering her ever so slowly and realized it was Cheryl's finger. Cheryl's finger went all the way and in and then moved around a bit before it began to withdraw.

Cheryl looked at her finger, wet with Barbara's juices, and looked back at Barbara's face. "Well, you are wet -- aren't you? Look what you've done to my finger. Now I want you to use your tongue to clean it off."

Barbara saw Cheryl's finger and felt it's tip at her lips. She began to get sick from the thought of licking it and didn't do anything but stare at it.

"Would you rather we start our punishment now." Cheryl said. "It won't be easy for this offense. If you know what's good for you you'll get that tongue working on this finger right this minute!"

Barbara took a deep breath and held it as she opened her mouth and allowed her tongue to start licking Cheryl's finger. While she was licking she kept looking up at John's balls, imagining that she was licking his cock instead. The taste did not repulse her but the knowledge of what she was licking, and where it had been, did. She wondered what the expression on Cheryl's face was. Was she somber, smiling, ecstatic or just plain gloating. She wanted to glance down but felt too ashamed to look her tormentor in the eyes.

John felt himself starting to get hard again. He wasn't sure whether it was due to the sight of his wife licking her own pussy juice off of Cheryl's finger or to Cheryl's hand brushing up against it as she moved her finger around Barbara's tongue. He did know that, whatever the reason, it was getting hard again. He tried to remember the last time he had gotten a hard on so soon after orgasm and couldn't remember if he ever had gotten another one on so quickly. He didn't want it to get hard again for fear it would go badly for Barbara. He tried to think of other things like fishing and boating in the hopes it would occupy his mind, but he couldn't take his eyes of Barbara's tongue.

Cheryl finally withdrew her finger, studied it momentarily and pronounced the job was well done. She looked down at Barbara's pussy, still being held wide open and took 2 more pictures. She now had several pictures spread out on the sofa be side her and she scanned them all.

"I do believe these pictures have captured the redness of your face nicely, Barbara. They also show the pink of your pussy and asshole perfectly. I'm sure my friends will love these." Cheryl chuckled as she saw Barbara's eyes widen when she mentioned her friends. "Yes I'm sure they will. But enough about them for now. Save for a few mistakes, which we'll address later, you've been very good tonight, Barbara. I am sure John would agree with that. As a reward, I'm going to allow you to have an orgasm."

Barbara almost died when Cheryl instructed her to masturbate herself to climax. She had never done this in front of anyone, not even John. She paused a moment then, recalling her agreement, slowly loosened the grip on her pussy lips and beg an rubbing her slit softly. She began wondering how she was going to fake orgasm and how long she should wait until she did but Cheryl was relentless with the orders. First it was "get your finger in there" then "another one" then "still another" until she had inserted all four fingers and was working them in and out as fast as she could. She saw John's balls and dick move to one side and Cheryl's face come into view. She was holding what appeared at first to be a plastic flashlight but then Barbara realized it was one of those vibrators she had seen in some of John's catalogs that came in the mail occasionally. It was white, about 8 inches long and an inch in diameter with a rounded top. The bottom had a knurled dialed which she assumed was a switch. Cheryl laid the tip of the vibrator on Barbara's lips and told her to "open". As Barbara slowly parted her lips, Cheryl began inserting the vibrator into her mouth. Barbara had to fight her gag reflex as Cheryl worked it in and out, each time going in a little further until her fingers pushed against her lips. Cheryl kept telling her to keep her hands working and Barbara would increase the pace each time. Finally, Cheryl withdrew the vibrator and sat back down.

"I believe you need a little help reaching an orgasm, Barbara. Well, I'm holding it right here." Cheryl stopped to watch Barbara's reaction for a moment then continued. "If I were you, I'd take my hand out of my pussy and rub some of that juice around my asshole to lubricate it because that's where this is going next."

Barbara couldn't believe her ears. Not in my ass, she thought, I've never had anything stuck in there except John's fingertip occasionally when we made love. Still, she took her hand out of her pussy and began to spread as much lubricant as she could around her small, puckered anus. She gritted her teeth and waited for the pain, which she knew would come when Cheryl started to push that thing up there. She sighed in despair when Cheryl told her to put her hand back into her pussy and get back to work there and with her other hand she was to work the vibrator into her ass herself. As she put her one hand back into her vagina and took the base of the vibrator, which Cheryl had clicked onto it's highest setting, she felt Cheryl's hands spreading her ass cheeks apart. She could only imagine what she looked like. Here she was nude lying on a coffee table, covered with come, legs held high in the air and wide apart by John, whose dick and balls were just inches from her face, with one hand in her pussy and the other working a dildo in and out of ass, the cheeks of which were spread wide apart by another woman. She began to sob. Soon she felt Cheryl's hands let go of her ass and then heard the click and saw the flash of the camera again. Her sobs turned to silent crying and tears streamed down her face.

"Enough." Cheryl was getting disgusted. "I can't believe you haven't come yet. My God, I'm only watching and I'm about ready climax. I'm sure before the month is out you'll learn to have the "big O" in front of other people. But enough for now. push the vibrator all the way into your ass and stand up. Be careful that vibrator doesn't come out. Hold it in with you hand if you have to. John, why don't you move the table aside, against the wall, and come have a seat next to me here on the sofa."

Barbara didn't have to be told twice. She winced with the pain as she pushed the vibrator deep into her ass and held it there when she stood, remembering to put her free hand behind her head. She looked at John moving the coffee table and almost laughed at how ridiculous he looked -- nude from the waist down with cock standing straight out as if pointing the way to follow. The humor disappeared, however, when she saw him sit down and press against Cheryl.

John held up his glass as Cheryl refilled it then hers. He noticed that there was only about 2 glasses of wine left in the bottle and was surprised that neither he nor Cheryl were drunk. He glanced down at his hard- on and wondered if he should try to cover it up. He thought Cheryl must have read his mind when she laughed and told him not to worry because his condition would be taken care of very shortly. When she told him that, he watched it twitch 2 or 3 times in rapid succession. "Damn, I'm horny!" he thought as he looked at Barbara standing in the center of the room. His cock twitched some more and the look in Barbara's eyes told him she had noticed. As a matter of fact, it seemed her eyes were fixed on his crotch.

Cheryl looked directly at Barbara for several minutes as she sipped her wine.

"Is my little come-covered slave ready for her punishment?" she said as her eyes moved over Barbara's body.

"Mistress Cheryl," Barbara's tone was pleading, almost begging, "please. This is the first time I've ever done anything like this. I've done everything you told me to and just forgot some formalities. Please forgive me this time and I promise to be better next time."

"Well, there you go again. Now you've forgotten to ask permission to speak before doing so. But I agree you have behaved well except for some mental lapses. I'll tell you what I'll do. I'll let you off this time, BUT, you must demonstrate your acceptance of me as your mistress and your willingness to do ANYTHING I ask of you. If you do that, I'll forego any whipping or other painful punishment THIS TIME ONLY. Do you agree?" Cheryl was grinning ear-to-ear when she finished.

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl. Thank you, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara threw in the thank you hoping this would help show Cheryl her acceptance of her status as slave and perhaps persuade her to go easy on her.

"Very well then. Get down on you stomach and crawl like a snake over to me. Mind you, don't let that vibrator come out of your ass!" Cheryl was in her glory as she saw Barbara get down on the carpet and wiggle over to her. She had to give her credit for holding that vibrator in and she wondered if she were getting rug burns on her stomach. Maybe I should have her roll over for a moment to check.

"Barbara, while I'm telling you what I want you to do I want you to look directly at me, and I want to see that dildo move. Pull it all the way out then all the way back in -- and keep doing it!" Cheryl paused and watched as Barbara did as she was told. Each time the vibrator started back into rectum, Barbara would wince in pain. Cheryl watched Barbara's eyes almost bulge out of her head when she reached down and unbuttoned her dress and let it fall apart, exposing herself completely. "Now Barbara when I tell you to begin, I want you to start licking my feet. Lick each one completely and be sure to get between my toes like a good little slave. When you're done with the feet, you can start on the legs and we'll see what comes next. Are you ready?"

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara didn't know if she could do this. She told herself it was only flesh. She could do it. She thought she knew what came next and she was sure she couldn't do that. The thought of licking another women's vagina thoroughly disgusted her. Nonetheless, she started licking Cheryl's foot and kept the damn dildo going in and out of her ass. As her tongue finished working between the toes of Cheryl's right foot and started working on the left, Barbara noticed Cheryl shift her body. She glanced upward and saw that Cheryl had spread her legs wide open exposing her soaking vagina. Soon Barbara began hearing low moans that she knew had to come from John. When she looked up, she saw Cheryl leaning over John's lap with his cock in her mouth. The sight mesmerized her. She continued licking but couldn't take her eyes off the sight of John getting a blow-job from her once good friend. Unlike herself, Cheryl seemed to have no trouble taking all of John's cock down her throat. John was sitting upright with his head thrown back and eyes closed, moving his hips slightly in time with Cheryl's head, upon which he had rested his hand. In order to get a better sight of the proceedings, and without realizing it, Barbara had begun working her way up Cheryl's right leg and was now hungrily licking around her knee. For the first time that night, Barbara began to get aroused. She noticed she had started to move the vibrator in and out of her ass at the same pace as Cheryl was moving her head on John's cock. At that moment, Barbara wanted to take the vibrator out of her rear and put it in her pussy, but was afraid Cheryl would notice and punish her for it.

Cheryl moved her hand and placed it on top of Barbara's head. Barbara was so lost in the sights and in her own excitement, she didn't notice Cheryl's hand. She just kept licking and looking. The smell of Cheryl's pussy juices seemed to have an aphrodisiac like effect on her and she was soon moving the vibrator in and out at a much faster pace. Her tongue, too, was working faster and soon she began to feel Cheryl's pussy hairs on the end of it. She was beginning to lose all control of herself. As John's moans became louder and more urgent, Barbara's desires were also becoming greater and she knew from the pressure of Cheryl's hand on her head, and the way her pelvis started working to meet her tongue that Cheryl was ready to come at any moment. Barbara's head was swimming. The sight in front of her, the smell of Cheryl's womanhood and the sound of John's moaning had all combined to obscure reality. She thought of nothing but her immediate need. She had to come. At the moment she heard John's loud grunt that signified he had an orgasm, Barbara stuck her tongue into Cheryl's cunt as far as she could and worked it in and out and around furiously. The vibrator in her rear began moving as fast as her hand could move. Within moments Cheryl's pussy was pouring liquid. Barbara didn't know whether it was all Cheryl's juices or a mixture of Cheryl's juices and her saliva. She didn't care. She was coming now. She could feel it building, and building and building until .... AAAGH!

"Oh God, that was GREAT!" Cheryl exhaled. "Barbara I can't make up my mind whether you're a better cock-sucker or cunt-licker. You have a talented tongue, that's for sure."

Barbara had come back down to Earth when she heard Cheryl's voice. She was more embarrassed now than ever, but also more relieved. She still was kneeling between Cheryl's legs and was resting her lips on Cheryl's cunt. She began to move her head back when the pressure of Cheryl's hand stopped her.

"As a finale for tonight, and to show your complete surrender to me, Barbara, I want you to give me the "kiss of respect". I want to feel your lips on my ass and your tongue in my asshole. Do it well and we're through for tonight."

"This is terrible." Barbara thought, "Now I've got to kiss and lick her ass, too? It's the most disgusting thing I've ever had to do." She realized, though, that if she did this one last thing real well, she would be done for tonight. That was the best news she heard in months. She began to lick around Cheryl's asshole and starting to force her tongue in the tight crevice. Cheryl helped her by reaching around and spreading her checks apart. She worked her tongue as though her life depended on it -- indeed, in her mind, it did. She wondered what John was doing at the moment. Was he watching her lick another woman's ass? Shame was the word to describe Barbara's night and she was beginning to numb to it. She wondered now what effect all this would have on her marriage. Cheryl released her grip on her cheeks and sat up.

"Very good, my little slut. You may now stand up before me -- watch that dildo doesn't fall." Cheryl watched Barbara leap to her feet, still holding the vibrator deep in her ass. The length of time in use and the "tight surroundings" had worked the batteries to the point that the vibrator was barely humming. "Turn around and bend over and I'll take that thing out of your ass." she said and as Barbara turned and bent Cheryl was beside herself with joy. She had Barbara completely. She bent forward and clicked the vibrator off. Then, before pulling it out, she twisted it around 2 or 3 rotations. Finally she began to withdraw it -- very, very slowly. When it was completely out, she studied it for a moment then gave Barbara one final command. "Take this vibrator and wash it off for me. Do it quickly." As Barbara scurried out of the room, vibrator in hand, Cheryl turned to look at John.

"Well, John. What do you think now? It seems to me that we all had a good time tonight. I mean your wife had one helluva orgasm. I think she might get to like this sort of thing, huh?"

"Maybe you're right, but you were sure hard on her, Cheryl. I couldn't help but feel sorry for her at times."

"Bullshit, John! You were having the best experience of your life. I've never seen so much come from one man in my life. Admit it. You were excited.!"

"Yeah," John was about to tell Cheryl that he didn't recall ever having such an orgasm in his life when Barbara walked back into the room. He looked into her eyes and noticed she was looking into his. Without saying a word, she walked back to where Cheryl was sitting and offered her the vibrator.

Cheryl stood up, buttoned her dress and grabbed the vibrator out of Barbara's hand as she sat back down. She gathered the pictures, camera and tape recorder and stuffed them back into her tote bag. When she was through getting everything together, she looked at Barbara.

"You've done very well tonight, Barbara, considering this has been your first time at this sort of thing. Now, Friday evening I'm having some of the girls over for some drinks and entertainment. That means that I could use a maid to serve us and also some entertainment. I think you'll fill the bill on both accounts. Be at my apartment promptly at 6. Please wear JUST a plain cotton house dress. You know, the ones that button down the front. You may wear a pair of slippers too, if you like." After Barbara murmured her acceptance, Cheryl turned to John. "John, I'd like you to come also. You'll be the only guy there, but I'm sure you'd like to see what we have in store. Besides, you know I'll find a way to take care of you."

"Yeah, sure, Cheryl. I'll drive Barbara and stay around." John replied as Cheryl stood up to leave. He walked her to the back door and watched her walk across the lawn to her mother's house. When she was safely inside, he shut off the light and walked into the kitchen. He heard water running and guessed Barbara was taking a shower. He had a lot of questions to ask himself about this night. What did it all mean when he was getting so horny at the sight of his wife being bossed around and forced to submit to these wild sex acts by her friend? He didn't know, and right now he was to damn tired to think about it anymore. He walked into the bedroom, uncovered the bed and climbed in to wait for Barbara.

Barbara tried to put her thoughts together under the relaxing streams of hot water from the shower. She had never been so humbled or so defiled in her life. Neither had she had an orgasm like that before. Her ass and pussy were sore from the abuse they had taken earlier and hurt when she scrubbed them with the washcloth. She had already gargled with mouthwash several times before she jumped into the shower but, in her mind, she could still taste Cheryl's pussy juice and flesh. She was disgusted, but at the same time, she couldn't stop from getting excited when she thought back on some of the events that took place that night. She wondered what would happen on Friday. The thought of having to go through the same thing again was bad enough. To have to do it in front of complete strangers -- women at that -- was almost unthinkable to her. She resented the fact that Cheryl had oral sex with her husband, but admitted that the sight of them drove her wild. She had no more thoughts of the car accident which brought this all about, only thoughts of naked flesh, vibrators and orgasm. She finished the shower, dried herself off and walked into the bedroom. She said not a word to John, lying there with his eyes wide open, got into bed, closed her eyes and went to sleep.



Chapter Two: The "Entertainer"

The ride to Cheryl's apartment seemed to take much longer than normal. The usual 45 minute trip had seemed, to Barbara, to take days. She and John had not really discussed the events of their last evening with Cheryl and Barbara still felt knots in her stomach when she wondered what thoughts he had about her. She couldn't blame him for losing respect for her. This strong woman he married was now reduced to crawling on the floor and licking another woman's feet -- and worse! During the ride she wondered what was in store for her this evening. She couldn't imagine being told to do anything she hadn't already done the other night. What more could there possibly be. No, her concern was not for what she would be asked to do (although she dreaded having to do all that again), but who would be observing and what would they think. Barbara did not know any of Cheryl's friends and wondered what they were like. Were they good looking, fat, skinny, gorgeous, or plain. Were they interesting and fun to be with, or were they complete bores. More importantly, what would be their reaction to seeing her doing all those things Cheryl obviously had in mind for her tonight. Perhaps, they would be just as disgusted with it as she was. She tried not to think about it. She tried telling herself that this was not really her doing these things. This was just her body carrying out the orders of a foreign brain. She rationalized that this was a case of her surviving. As she rode alongside John, she could feel her nakedness under the cotton dress and noticed how the dress wrinkled. She also felt a dampness between her thighs and realized that thinking about the upcoming events was beginning to excite her. She hoped the dampness wouldn't spot the dress and make her condition obvious to everyone there.

The car finally came to a stop in an empty parking spot directly in front of Cheryl's door. Barbara and John got out of the car and walked up to the door. John stepped up and rung the bell. Barbara stood on the next step down, directly behind John and wished this were not happening. Maybe, she thought, no one will answer the door and we can get back in the car and go home. Her hopes all crashed when she saw the door open and Cheryl standing there with a big smile.

"Well, John and Barbara. You're right on time come in." Cheryl moved aside and motioned for the couple to come in. When they walked past her into the living room, Cheryl closed the door and went over and stood beside them. "Everybody, I'd like to introduce you to John and his wife Barbara. As I said, Barbara is our special guest tonight. John, Why don't you have a seat in the recliner over there. I'll introduce everyone to you two a little later."

As John walked across the room to assume his seat, Barbara looked around. The apartment was typical of modern garden apartments. The rather small living room opened on one end to the dining area which, in turn, was right off the kitchen. D own a short hall was the bath and bedroom. The living room was brightly lit and the white walls seemed to cast a theater stage effect into the center. Large, floor length drapes covered the picture window which gave a view of the parking lot. Barbara noticed that Cheryl had rearranged the furniture for this evening. The long, low cocktail table had been moved to the center of the room, away from the sofa. Along the wall opposite the sofa were 3 snack trays. They were set up and each was covered with a towel. Barbara could tell there was something under the towels and wondered why Cheryl would cover them so crudely. Sitting on the sofa were Cheryl's three friends. The one on the left was in her early twenties, very petite, around 5 foot even, weighing only about 100 pounds Barbara guessed. She had long, black hair and a well tanned face and arms. Though small, she was nicely built. On her left sat, what appeared to be, the oldest of the trio. Barbara guessed her age to be closer to hers -- 28. She was also the biggest of the trio, standing around 5' 8" and 140 pounds. Her short brown hair framed her rather round face. On her lap was an opened photo album which all three girls had obviously be looking at. Barbara's face turned bright red when she realized they were looking at the pictures Cheryl had taken of her the other night. The last girl sat on the other end of the sofa, closest to John. She was also around 23-24 years old and had blonde hair. She stood about 5' 5", 120 pounds and had large breasts. Barbara tried to avoid their eyes but could feel them staring at her standing there.

Cheryl waited for John to sit down and then put her arm around Barbara's shoulders as she addressed her friends again. "Barbara was my neighbor before I got married and moved here. She has agreed to serve us and to provide the entertainment for the night. Haven't you, Barbara?"

Barbara felt a frog in her throat as she answered. "Yes, Mistress Cheryl." Her heart was racing and she feared she wouldn't be able to go through with this tonight.

"Very good. Well, then why don't you see what everyone wants to drink and get it for them. You know where everything is. Before you do though, why don't you take off your dress and let my guests see what they're in for tonight." Cheryl looked at her guests and smiled. They all smiled back, but looked at Barbara, not Cheryl, as they did so.

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl" Barbara answered. She then slowly unbuttoned her dress, bending over to get the bottom buttons. When she had finished, she removed the dress and held it in front of her with a quizzical look in her eyes. She felt like she was a slave at auction waiting for the bidding to begin. Her nakedness in front of strangers made her blush deeply.

Cheryl grabbed the dress out of Barbara's hand and tossed it into the far corner near the door. "You won't be needing this for while. Assume your position, Barbara."

At first Barbara didn't understand what Cheryl meant, but then remembered and placed her hands behind her head as she spread her legs apart. She felt Cheryl's hands on her sides twisting her around. She turned slowly until Cheryl stopped he r. She stood there with her back to the crowd while Cheryl told them how nice she thought her ass was as she pinched and mauled her cheeks. Barbara thought she would die. Finally Cheryl told her to take everyone's order and get cracking. She walked over to the sofa and asked each what they would like. They giggled and made crude jokes about her but all wanted just a Coke. She did the same to John and he just replied "Beer". She went into the kitchen and made the drinks, put them on a tray and carried it back into the living room. As she passed through the dining area, she noticed the table was covered with a pure white sheet over a plastic tablecloth with a pillow in the center. After she served each one their drink, she brought the tray back into the kitchen and laid it on the counter before returning to the living room. She assumed her previous position in the center of the room and waited.

Cheryl walked to the center of the room and stood next to Barbara with her hand on Barbara's elbow. "Let me introduce you to my friends, Barbara. They all live here in the complex and we get together most mornings for coffee. To your left is Lynn. Lynn is in the same boat as I am. Her husband is required to travel quite extensively leaving her home alone for long periods. In the middle is Beth. Beth is single and is a nurse in the surgical department of All Soul's Hospital here in town. She works afternoons, Sunday through Thursday. Lastly, Pam on the right shares the same fate as Lynn and I, except she works, part-time weekends, at the mall. We've discussed how to organize this evening and came up with the following rules. Rather than have everyone asking you to do this and that all at once, we agreed that each would have her turn with you. You will address them as Mistress, just as you do I, and will do whatever they tell you to do. Failure to obey or follow any of the procedures we've agreed to the other night will result in punishment. We are going to save any punishments until the end of the evening, when we will decide how severe they should be. After each of your mistresses is through with you, you a re to thank them and show them your respect. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara answered affirmatively but didn't quite understand that last remark about showing them her respect. Surely Cheryl didn't expect her to kiss all their asses.

"Very well, then. Since Beth is a nurse and knows the ropes, we thought it best if she went first and sort of prepped you. "Cheryl held her free hand out to Beth, who got up, walked over and stood on Barbara's opposite side.

"Hi, Barbara." Beth looked at Barbara and smiled. "Since many of the girls ask questions regarding this procedure or that procedure at the hospital, I'm going to use you as my "dummy" so the speak. We're gonna get you prepped, cleaned in and out, and demonstrate some medical procedures on you. Don't be afraid. I've done each of these things many, many times and they are not harmful. You may feel some discomfort, that is all. So let's move over to the table and get started, shall we? Cheryl would you get my tray, the one in the middle for me please?"

Beth guided Barbara over to the kitchen table as Cheryl followed carrying one of the covered snack trays. When they reached the table, Beth pulled out a chair and indicated to Barbara that she get up on the table and lie on her back, hands behind her head. Barbara did what she was told. The bright light of the hanging lamp over the center of the table made her squint her eyes, but she dared not shut them. Out of the corner of her eye she noticed Beth removing the towel from the tray and grabbing something. Barbara desperately wanted to turn her head to see what was on the tray but feared that if she did so she would be punished. She was very frightened about these "procedures" and made up her mind that she would quit if she thought anything might permanently hurt her. Beth's face appeared in front of Barbara's and shielded her eyes from the light. For the first time Barbara noticed that the rest of the guests had gathered around the table and were looking at them like they would look at one of those salesmen at flea markets who demonstrate this "super-duper veg-o-matic". John stood against the wall directly in front of her feet. She then noticed the video camera set up on a tripod to his left. While Barbara stared at the camera, Cheryl reached over and pushed the record button.

"To begin with, Barbara, I'm going to show everyone how we prep the pubic area for surgery. In other words, I'm going to shave your cookie squeaky clean." Beth left her side momentarily and returned carrying a steaming bowl of water. She dipped a washcloth into the water, gingerly wrung it out and dropped it flat on Barbara's vulva. Barbara jolted when the hot rag hit her in her most tender spot. She moved her hips around trying to move the rag from the burning area. Beth told her to keep still and roughly moved the rag over Barbara's pubic area with her fingertips. As her hands went between Barbara's legs, Beth told her to spread wide and put her feet flat on the table top at each side. Barbara complied. Barbara felt the hot rag with Beth's fingertips part her vagina slightly and sensed that Beth was concentrating a bit too much on her clitoris. The rag moved from her vagina to her anus and the pressure increased. Beth's fingers were stuffing the rag, ever so slightly into Barbara's ass. Suddenly the rag was removed and Barbara felt the razor being dragged across her lower belly. It worked it's way very quickly across her stomach, then down a little lower, across again, down a little lower, across again until it was at the vagina. Beth's free hand held the skin taut as the razor did its job. As she would pull the skin tight, Barbara felt her vagina being opened slightly. From the vagina the razor worked it's way to Barbara's anus. Barbara tensed and felt Beth again pulling her skin tight and her puckered anus being opened ever so slightly with each tug. When she had finished, Beth dropped the razor into the bowl and grabbed the rag again. It had cooled enough to hold comfortably and didn't hurt Barbara when it began wiping her newly shaved areas clean. Beth withdrew the rag and leaned back to observe her handiwork. She smiled her approval as the others looked, then smiled in return, each saying how different and clean it looked.

John leaned back against the wall. The sight of his pretty wife being shaved in front of strangers, and her hairless pussy, had made his cock grow with excitement. He crossed his legs at the ankles in hopes of hiding his hard-on from the crowd. His eyes glanced to the side where Cheryl was looking through the view finder of the video camera. He could tell from her smile and glazed eyes that she was on her way to becoming as aroused as he was. As he looked back at the table where Barbara was lying, he noticed that the other two girls, Lynn and Pam, seemed to be equally excited. He imagined that this evening was going to end in one helluva orgy. He hoped he would play a more active part in it than he was now.

Barbara rolled over on her stomach and hung each foot off the sides of table like Beth told her to do. She rested her head on its side against her clasped hands. Beth's face appeared in front of hers again and held up something for her to see.

"This is an enema nozzle. You are now going to start getting cleaned on the inside. From now on whenever I show you an instrument, I want you to kiss it and take it into your mouth while I explain the procedure to everyone. Understand?" the slight tremor in Beth's voice was exposing her state of excitement to all present. Her breathing became shorter and her words more to the point. Her face was also becoming flushed.

"Yes, Mistress Beth." Barbara kissed the end of the nozzle and parted her lips as Beth worked the nozzle gently into her mouth. The nozzle was unlike any Barbara had seen before. It appeared to be much longer, about 7 inches, and had a sort of rounded ball, close to a inch in diameter, about a half inch from the tip.

As she worked the nozzle in and out of Barbara's lips, Beth explained to everyone that she would insert the nozzle into Barbara's ass and open the hose clip which would then allow the contents of the bag, which held about a quart and a half of warm, soapy water to flow into Barbara's intestines. She seemed delighted to explain that Barbara would feel the warmer-than-body- temperature water entering her and that it would soon cause her some discomfort and appear as though she wouldn't be able to hold any more. Beth smiled widely and said that the adult body could hold 2 full quarts of water without any harm, but she kept it down to only a quart and a half because Barbara would have to hold this for a longer time than normal. When she completed the explanation, Beth took the nozzle out of Barbara's mouth and told her to reach back and spread her ass cheeks w-i-d-e. Barbara did as she was told and spread her cheeks as wide as she could. She soon felt Beth's finger work some kind of lubricant around her anus and then go directly into her asshole. The sudden sensation of pain caused Barbara to jerk, to which Beth responded by jamming her finger in farther. Barbara felt the finger work back and forth a few times before being replaced with the hardness of the nozzle. This, too, was worked in and out a few times before Beth roughly shoved it in as far as it would go.

As soon as Barbara's body had gotten used to the ball deep within her, she felt the sensation of the water beginning to enter her. She had expected the water to be a soothing warmth that she remembered from the last enema she had when she was being prepped for childbirth, but this water was HOT!. She began working her abdominal muscles to "grind" her stomach into the table in an attempt to ease the discomfort of the hot water. Each time she would grind her stomach into the table she felt her anus pucker around the intruding nozzle and grab it tighter. She heard Beth laugh and comment to the crowd that "the little slut likes it in the ass, look at how she's working that nozzle in and out by herself." I wasn't long before Barbara started to feel herself filling up. She now had an almost uncontrollable urge to expel the water. She tried to tighten her anal sphincter muscles around the nozzle to form a better seal and this action, too, was greeted by laughter from the crowd around the table. She began to feel a small amount of water trickle out of her ass and down around her vagina onto the table. She grimaced and gritted her teeth hoping she could hold it in.

"Do you know what this is, Barbara?" Beth was saying in a teasing tone.

Barbara heard Beth's voice and realized she had closed her eyes. When she opened them, she saw Beth holding something which looked a baby pacifier, only much larger and made of hard rubber.

"No, Mistress Beth" she answered. She felt the rubber object at her lips and then entering her mouth after she had remembered to kiss it. She was really uncomfortable now. She had to go to the bathroom badly and could still feel the water trickling down onto her pussy. She accepted this damn rubber thing into her mouth and listened in horror when Beth told everyone that it was a butt plug and would be inserted in her ass so she could hold the enema in longer while another procedure would be done. Barbara felt the tears forming in her eyes again. She couldn't be expected to it in much longer. She surely would rupture something. As she pondered the thought of quitting, Barbara felt the nozzle being withdrawn from her ass. At the instant it popped out, she felt the butt plug being pulled from her mouth and forcefully jammed into the hole where the nozzle had been.

"OK, turn over on your back with feet flat on the table." Beth was getting stern now. Her face had taken a pinkish tint to it from her blood pressure and her breathing had become even shallower and more rapid. She reached over to the table and grabbed a squeeze-type douche kit. She held the liquid filled bulb upright while she unscrewed the nozzle. When the nozzle was free, she put it to Barbara's lips and then into her mouth, playing out the same scenario as she had with the enema nozzle. "Of course you know that this is a douche kit, Barbara. I'm now going to clean out your sweet, shaven pussy with a good, old-fashioned vinegar douche. Now arch your back high into the air, keep your shoulders flat on the table, so that we don't spill any on the table. That's it, now reach up with your hands and spread those lips open for me."

Barbara did as she was told. She spread her vagina wide open and was instantly embarrassed when Beth commented to the others how wet Barbara was already and that she wouldn't need any lubricant this time. Beth withdrew the nozzle from Barbara's mouth and screwed it back onto the bulb. Barbara felt the tip of the douche nozzle entering her vagina and began to feel the cool liquid entering her. Beth told her to squeeze her lips around the nozzle to provide a good seal for the douche, and Barbara followed her directions. When the bulb had been emptied, Beth told Barbara to squeeze her pussy shut and hold it when she removed the nozzle. Again, Barbara did as she was told and squeezed her vagina so tight, she thought she might bruise it. Beth looked at her for what seemed, to Barbara, a long time. Something inside told Barbara that Beth definitely was a lesbian. Barbara's legs began to waver and she had all she could do to keep her hips elevated. She felt like one big water balloon and she could hear the water sloshing around whenever she moved. She fought desperately to keep the liquids inside her, despite the cramps which were now beginning to grab her abdomen.

"Okay, you sweet thing. Go relieve yourself. Before you return, be sure to clean your ass and pussy real good with the wash rag. And don't forget to clean the butt plug." Beth sounded casual and aloof but Barbara sensed that underneath the voice was one hot bitch.

Cheryl watched Barbara nearly leap off the table and head towards the bathroom down the hall. She chuckled at the sight of her pinching her pussy lips together with one hand while the other held the butt plug in place. She hit the pause but ton on the camera and watched the other girls joking and giggling about what they had just witnessed. While Cheryl was thoroughly enjoying the show, she almost wished that she hadn't invited the girls over that day. She was getting horny now and couldn't wait for her turn at Barbara and maybe, for the first time, feel John's cock deep inside her. She thought back to the first night remembering the size of it and amount of come that had spewed forth from it onto Barbara's face and tits. She glanced over at John's crotch and saw that the monster in his pants had again swollen to that size. She fought back the urge to drop to her knees and suck on it right there and, instead, reached over and grabbed it with her hand.

John was startled by Cheryl's hand grabbing his crotch. He was busy watching Pam and Lynn chatting and was fantasizing about having them both in bed at the same time when he felt the sudden squeeze. He was so horny he was about to grab Cheryl and plant a big kiss on her as he drug her to the floor and fuck the living daylights out of her. His eyes looked into hers and he knew she felt the same way he did. Just as he was about to suggest what was on his mind, Cheryl motioned towards the hall and stepped behind the camera again. John turned and saw Barbara returning to the table. Her eyes looked directly into his and told of her embarrassment and desire to leave this place NOW! As she crawled back up onto the table, he watched her pretty ass cheeks come apart and reveal the rosebud between them. His cock began twitching again and he had to detract himself from the sight in front of him to prevent having an orgasm in his pants.

Beth told Barbara to once again lie on her back with feet flat on the table. When Barbara was in position, she held up a small, sealed envelope for everyone to see and then brought it down to Barbara's eyes. "Now we'll continue with our cleaning." she said, smiling at the frightened look on Barbara's face. "This procedure is used when a patient either refuses, or is unable, to provide a urine specimen. Inside this pouch is a catheter, which is nothing more than a flexible tube. We insert the tube into the urethra and force it up to the bladder thereby providing the urine a clear, open path through which to travel. You've lucked out this time, Barbara. Since this device is sterilized, I cannot allow you to kiss it. As a matter of fact, I must use sterilized gloves to handle it once the bag is opened."

Having said that, Beth dropped the envelope onto Barbara's breasts and grabbed another envelope off the snack table beside her. She opened the package and slipped her hand into one of the surgical gloves inside then did the same with the other hand. When finished, she picked up the envelope from Barbara's breast and removed the tube inside. She wiggled the end of clear plastic in front of Barbara's eyes. "Okay, Barbara reach down between your legs and spread that pussy of yours again. I want everyone to be able to see your little pee hole."

Barbara reached down and spread her vaginal lips open to expose her urethra. She peered between her knees and saw Cheryl zooming in the video camera lens. She also saw John looking directly at her exposed twat. She kept staring at his eyes hoping he would look at her face and offer some silent support. All at once she began to feel a slight burning sensation as the tube began it's journey inside her. Her eyes teared again and Pam now blocked her view of John. As Lynn looked on at the other side, Beth kept pushing the tube into Barbara until a thin line of urine began to flow through the tube and into a bottle placed on the snack table beside her. As the last of the urine entered the bottle, Beth looked at Barbara's face and smiled.

"Well, Barbara, you're as clean now as you've ever been. I've just one more thing to show everybody and I'm through with my demonstrations." Beth then pulled the tube quickly from Barbara's urethra and threw it aside. After she removed her gloves, she reached up and patted Barbara on her cheek. "But don't you fret, sweet thing. I'm sure we'll get together again later tonight for a more pleasurable experience. You can let go of your pussy now and put your hands behind your head again. We'll all get another good look at that beautiful body of yours and then we'll get an even better look at that sweet pie between your legs."

Barbara placed her hands behind her head and opened her mouth slightly as Beth inserted her finger between her lips. Barbara's wide eyes looked at Beth's smiling face as she felt the finger working in and out of her mouth. She noticed the other people were dead quiet and looking at the action taking place. All Barbara could hear was the soft hum of the video camera in the corner. Goose bumps formed on Barbara's arms when she felt Beth's other hand begin to massage her breast. The thumb and forefinger grabbed the nipple and gently pinched and pulled on it. Beth abruptly removed her finger from Barbara's mouth and stopped playing with her breast.

"I seemed to be getting ahead of myself here." Beth turned aside and grabbed a large metal object from the snack tray. "I'm sure we all know what this is." Beth held the object up for all to see. "How about you John. Do you know what this is used for?" She smiled when John just shrugged his shoulders and shook his head from side to side. "This is what the doctor uses to perform a pelvic exam. You just insert this into the lady's twat, open it up like so, and wa-lah, you can see everything she has."

John looked in disbelief. "How the hell can they get that thing in a pussy?" he wondered to himself. He stepped forward as Beth poised it at the entrance to Barbara's vagina, and slowly began working it into his wife. He could swear he not iced Barbara's hips push forward to accept this thing into her, not once but several times. Once the speculum was in place and Beth began spreading Barbara's vagina open, John bent forward to look. Noticing his interest, Beth took a flashlight off the snack table and directed the light directly into Barbara. John looked in amazement but was soon pushed aside by Lynn, who wanted to get a good look herself. He let her take his spot and stepped back to the wall next to Cheryl. As he stepped back, he noticed Barbara looking at him. He looked into her clouded eyes and flashed an assuring smile at her. He never saw her reaction as Pam moved right into his field of vision, just as Cheryl grabbed his cock and pulled his mouth to her waiting tongue. He almost lost his load as Cheryl ground her crotch against his and worked her tongue inside his mouth. He finally realized that Barbara might see them and pulled away. Cheryl just smiled at him and ran her tongue over her lips. He looked back at the table just in time to see Beth removing the thing from Barbara and set it back down on the snack table.

"That's my show for tonight girls." Beth said. She then looked at Cheryl and said "But I'd like to reserve some time to have Barbara entertain me later. It seems I've being doing all the entertaining so far."

"Oh, for sure, Beth." Cheryl stepped out from behind the camera and walked over to stand at Barbara's head. "I'm sure Barbara will show her appreciation AND her respect for you later. Won't you Barbara?"

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl" Barbara replied. There was that "respect" again.

"Good. Now while we all get ourselves together, clean up this table and get us all another round before assuming your position in the living room." Cheryl turned away and walked to the living room, grabbing John's arm and pulling him with her. "Come on everybody. I think we better get ready for whatever it is Pam has in mind for Barbara."

As the others went into the living room, Barbara removed the coverings from the table and straightened the chairs around it. Upon completion of her cleaning, she poured each of her tormentors another glass of Coke and got John a fresh beer from the fridge, loaded them onto a tray and carried it into the living room where everyone sat. She felt self conscious as she bent over each time she offered the tray to one of the guests. Her tits would swing down and everyone would look at them, then her face, and smile. When she offered John the beer, his hand went around hers and held it for a brief instant. That made her feel better. She had noticed John's hard-on through his pants and the thought that this was exciting him started to arouse her. She remembered the other night and her orgasm which was the most intense she had ever had. She chuckled to herself as she thought "At least nobody could tell how wet I am from my pussy hair." She returned the tray to the kitchen then went back into the living room and stood in the center of room, hands tightly clasped behind her head, feet spread apart, eyes straight ahead.

Cheryl walked to the center of the small room, stood in front of Barbara, and put her hand between Barbara's legs. "What say you get yourself ready for Pam. Play with your tits and get your nipples nice and hard for her."

Barbara hesitated a moment then moved her hands down to her tits. As she massaged her nipples she felt Cheryl's finger enter her and start working in and out. Barbara was getting hot and her hips began to gyrate, meeting Cheryl's probing finger each time it thrust into her. All of a sudden she felt the finger completely withdraw from her pussy and reappear on her lips. She cracked her mouth open and accepted the wet finger into it. As it moved back and forth against her tongue, Barbara began to get weak. She was about to have an orgasm on the spot. Cheryl must have noticed this and withdrew her finger. She ordered Barbara to put her hands behind her head again.

"I told you girls that she was a hot one, didn't I?" Cheryl laughingly addressed the group. "Okay Pam let's see what you have in mind for Barbara, shall we?" As she ended, Cheryl reached around with her hand and pinched Barbara's butt. She chuckled when Barbara jumped and then went to her chair and sat down as Pam made her way up to take her place.

Pam circled Barbara slowly and stopped directly in front of her. "Well.....ever since I saw the pictures of you, I couldn't help but wish I had been there. Now -- here I am. First, I'm gonna sit down and watch you dance for us. I want you to imagine that you're dancing for your lover -- I mean make it sexy. Got It?"

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl. err Pam. Yes, Mistress Pam." Barbara's slip of the tongue caused Pam's eyebrows to raise and Barbara looked at her with apologetic eyes.

"Don't worry about that little mistake, Barbara. We'll take care of it later during the punishment session. Now, if you're really sorry, you'll make this dance just for me, and as sexy as you can be. If I'm pleased with your performance, I'll ask Cheryl to go easy on you. If you're ready with the video camera, Cheryl, I'll put on the music." Pam glared at Barbara and walked over to one of the two snack tables still covered. She removed the towel covering it and grabbed a compact disc, which she inserted into Cheryl's stereo. She pressed the play button and went back to the sofa where she sat down.

As soon as she heard the first beats of the conga and bongo drums, Barbara recognized the song. It was entitled "Jungle Fever" and performed by a little known group named "Chakachas". Basically, the song consisted of jungle rhythms and the moaning of a native girl apparently in the throes of passion. She had expected the music to be something more modern and upbeat and had no idea how to begin dancing to this. At Pam's stern warning, she began moving her feet. As the music played, Barbara closed her eyes and imagined herself as the girl on the recording. She moved around as though she was against a tree in the jungle and being taken by a large native warrior. Her hips undulated with the beat of the drums as her hands ran up and down her body. She caressed her breasts, paying particular attention to her nipples, then brought both hands down between her legs and began caressing her bald pubic area and vagina. The smell of her own juices and the sound of the music was transporting her out of the room into the jungle. Her mind began to lose all sense of reality and got lost in her imagination. She turned around with her back to the audience and started to caress her buttocks. Her hands slowly moved over each cheek and then, one by one, ran down the crease where they came together. She grabbed each cheek, bent forward at the waist, and spread them apart as her fingers played against first her asshole, then her pussy. She was so lost in the moment that she had not heard the music stop. At this point she just wanted to come -- nothing else. Just one big, earth trembling, body shaking, leg drenching, fucking orgasm. She shoved two, then three, fingers into her waiting pussy and began pumping her hips into them violently until she felt the room spinning and thought she was going to faint. She came violently, with an unearthly scream and legs buckling as she sank to the floor in a heap.

The spectators in the room sat mesmerized by Barbara's dance. Cheryl kept her eye glued to the camera and zoomed the lens in and out as Barbara's hands worked over her body. Lynn's mouth hung open as she watched Barbara. Beth, already worked up from her time with Barbara, couldn't bear it any longer and let her hand wander under her dress and begin rubbing between her legs. John was in awe. He had never seen this side of his wife before -- not even when she had a little to much to drink. He shot a quick glance around the room and noticed everyone else seemed as stunned as he was -- especially Beth. When Barbara fell to the floor, he was ready to jump up and help her back to her feet but stopped as Pam began to speak.

"Goddam, girl. That was one helluva show you put on. Pam got off the couch and walked over to the prone Barbara. She grabbed the wrist of the hand that had just emerged from her cunt and pulled her up to the feet. She held up the soaked hand for all to see and laughingly said "Look at the mess you made you made all over your hand. Clean it off -- with your tongue." She jerked the hand down to Barbara's lips and watched as Barbara began licking the pussy juice off it. Pam had gotten hot watching Barbara perform, but she bathed in the power she had over the older Barbara and was now ready to have Barbara provide her with her own orgasm. When the hand was clean, she ordered Barbara to get down on her knees and grabbed a large, black dildo off her snack tray. She then walked back to the sofa, hiked her mini dress up to her waist, removed her panties, and sat down on the edge of the couch with her legs spread wide. She beckoned Barbara to crawl on her knees over to her. "I'm now going to let you please me with this dildo, Barbara. But, first, I'll need a little lubricant so it'll go in easy. Since I neglected to bring any, we'll use your juices you have in your mouth. Start licking me real wet like." Pam grabbed the back of Barbara's head and shoved it into her crotch. As Barbara licked, Pam moved her head up and down to assure she licked every inch. When she was satisfied that she had been "lubed" enough, she pulled Barbara away from her. She reached down and offered the dildo to Barbara's mouth, large end first. When Barbara opened her mouth to accept it, Pam put it in about an inch. "You may use your hands to spread my pussy lips apart, but the dildo must stay in your mouth. Now get to work!"

Barbara leaned forward and as her fingers spread Pam's pussy lips apart she began inserting the dildo slowly into her. She went slowly at first. Easing it in a little then back out, each thrust entered Pam a little further. It wasn't long before she had it all the way in and with each thrust her upper lip would kiss Pam's clitoris. Pam had grabbed her head again and pulled it deeper into her thighs. Barbara thought Pam was trying to stuff her whole head up there. As the pace quickened, Barbara felt some hands rubbing her pussy and anus. The fingers would start to enter each hole then back out. Soon, the fingers were replaced by a larger, rubber like, object which began to find its way into her waiting vagina. The tip of the object had no sooner entered her pussy when she felt another similar object at her ass. She realized that someone was filling her with a double dildo. At this stage she not only did not care, she welcomed it. As her head was alternately pushed and pulled in and out of Pam's crotch, her hips involuntarily moved back and forth on the double dildo. She wanted to feel it deep inside her. She wondered why she felt like this. Everything she had learned growing up told her she should be repulsed by sex with another woman. The thought of lesbian sex had always turned her stomach. She had never even dreamed of anal sex. Now her body had control over her mind and she actually was enjoying it -- no, craving it. She was on the brink of orgasm again. She wanted to take the dildo out of her mouth and lick Pam's pussy all over -- even her ass, but the thought of additional punishment kept her from doing it. Besides, she figured that before the night was over she'd be told to kiss everyone's ass anyhow.

Beth kept pumping the dildo in and out of Barbara's cute little ass and pussy while she watched her work over Pam. Occasionally she would look over at John and smile, as if to say "sorry, sucker, she's mine now and you can't do a thing about it". Beth told herself that before the night was over she was going to have a taste of Barbara's pussy as she would likewise be tasting hers. She noticed that Barbara was beginning to come again and did not want that to happen. No, better to keep her hot and horny for the rest of night. She withdrew the dildo and set it back down on Pam's table. Before she got up to return to her seat, she leaned forward and kissed Barbara's asshole, letting the tip of her tongue wiggle just around the rim a little.

Lynn was sitting at the edge of her seat watching the action at both ends when Cheryl whispered the suggestion into her ear. She looked over at John and saw his hard-on and far-away look in his eyes then turned to Cheryl and smiled widely as she shook her head up and down signally she'd do it.

Barbara couldn't believe it when she felt the double dildo removed from her. She needed to come badly, just as Pam was coming now. When she felt the lips and tongue on her ass, shivers ran up her spine and she immediately began pumping the dildo into Pam as fast as her head would bob. Pam responded by thrusting her hips forward and pulling Barbara's head into them faster and faster. Her moans got louder and louder until they erupted into a loud OHHHHHHHHHH! Barbara knew Pam had an orgasm and began slowing her head movements allowing Pam to come down from her high slowly. "Why, oh why couldn't that be me?" she wondered to herself. She had to come again and didn't care what she had to do accomplish it. When Pam had quieted down, Barbara removed the dildo from her pussy and knelt there with it still in her mouth while she waited for further orders.

"Damn, you are good!" Pam finally had caught her breath enough to speak. "Maybe I can talk Cheryl into selling you to me." She Chuckled.

"No way." laughed Cheryl as she made her way over to the kneeling Barbara. "Assume your position, Barbara." Barbara got to her feet and placed her hands behind her head but still held the dildo, dripping with Pam's juices, in her mouth. Cheryl took the end of dildo closest to Barbara's lips between her thumb and forefinger and pulled it from her. She turned it around and laid it on Barbara's lips. "Open" she muttered, but it was unnecessary. Barbara had started to part her lips the moment the dildo was placed there. She took the long, thick tool in her mouth as far as Cheryl fed it to her and greedily lapped the juices from it. Finally, Cheryl removed the dildo and tossed it onto Pam's table. "Okay, last, but not least, Lynn has her chance." With that said, Cheryl glanced over at John and returned to her video camera.

Lynn strode over to her table and, after removing the cover, took the lone item on it -- a rather long strap-on dildo. She walked over to John and asked him to hold it for her while she got ready. John eagerly accepted the device and watched with wide eyes as Lynn began undressing right in front of him. As she undressed, Lynn looked directly at John's eyes. She was very proud of her body and undressed as sultry as she knew how. John watched as Lynn removed her blouse and freed her perfectly proportioned breasts. He glanced at Barbara and realized she was unable to see them without turning around. He felt a little relieved and liberated knowing that fact. His eyes were on Lynn's hands which were now unbuttoning her jeans. As the jeans fell to the floor, Lynn revealed a perfectly flat, tight stomach and gorgeous legs. She stepped out of the jeans and thrust her hips forward towards John's face as she hook her thumbs around the waist of her thong panties and slowly worked them down over her hips, pausing as they reached mid thigh and were below her pussy. She reached out and supported herself with one hand on John's shoulder while the other hand peeled the panties from each leg. John had all he could do to keep from grabbing her ass and pulling that sweet looking box to his face. Lynn, for the first time, noticed how big John's hard on was and, as she let go of his shoulder, she let her hand slide down his chest and run across his massive cock on their way down to the floor to pick up her panties. When she was bent completely over with both hands on the floor, she feigned falling forward and shoved her head into John's crotch. John felt Lynn's head in his lap and felt her hot breath blow from her lip s, which were kissing his cock through his pants. Lynn looked up at John's face, smiled, and brought herself up to her feet. She took the strap-on dildo from John's hand and strapped it around her waist. She then put her foot on the leg of John's chair as she ran another strap around her thigh. She knew that placing her leg up high like that would open her pussy and allow John a perfect view. When through she repeated the process with the other leg. Finally, she turned around facing Barbara's direction and bent forward at the waist to give John a good look at her ass. Satisfied, she walked over to Barbara and stood in front of her holding her massive "cock" pointed right at Barbara's pussy.

"I think, Barbara, that I detected a severe urge on your part to have an orgasm. Tell me -- are you as hot as you appear?"

Barbara peered at the dildo sticking out from Lynn. She knew what was coming and welcomed it. "Yes, Mistress Lynn." She answered.

"Good," Lynn moved her hand up and down the shaft and licked her lips. "because you're about to get fucked like you've never been fucked. Well, maybe, judging by the size of your husband's snake, you have been. But at least I'll bet you've never been fucked this well by another woman. Get down on your knees with your forehead on the floor."

"Yes, Mistress Lynn" Barbara replied as she knelt down as ordered. Lynn Positioned her so that her ass faced John. She felt the air on her wet pussy and ass and that excited her even more. She waited for the dildo to invade her pussy and put out the fire inside once more. She was ashamed of her thoughts, but could no longer control them. She sensed the presence of Lynn behind her and then felt the tip of the dildo beginning to spread her vagina. She moved her hips backward to hasten the coupling and felt the long, thick hunk of rubber making its way to her cervix. She loved the feel of it. She loved the pleasure it brought her. She loved the thought of being watched while she came. She loved having John see her getting humiliated. For the first time in her life, she LOVED SEX. She always "liked" sex and always had a good time when she and John would make love, but this was different. She had never craved an orgasm, never desired to lick another woman's pussy, never wanted to have anything stuck up her ass, never enjoyed masturbating until tonight. The dildo brought her closer to euphoria with each thrust. Drool rolled out of her mouth onto the carpet as she began to move her hips faster and faster and Lynn worked her "cock" in deeper and rougher. She was nearing orgasm when she felt Lynn's hands on her breasts, grabbing her nipples and squeezing them. She came again. She came and came. Her second orgasm of the night left her completely exhausted and she could no longer support the weight of Lynn's body on her back. Her legs wobbled and she crashed into the carpet with Lynn on top of her. The force of impact when the two girls hit the floor drove the dildo into her hard and she yelled "OOOHHHH!"

John marveled at the view. The girls were positioned so that Barbara's pussy was in clear sight and he could see the 12" shaft being sucked into it and then coming out. With each stroke, Lynn's ass cheeks would alternately squeeze together then spread apart displaying the tight rosebud they held between them. He didn't understand how he could have watched all this sex and still not have come. His balls ached, as if his cock were trying to pull them away from his body in an attempt to get bigger. He couldn't take much more.

Lynn felt the orgasm building in Barbara at the same pace as the one building inside her. The little nubs molded into the base of the strap-on dildo mashed against her clit with each push and was driving her crazy. She thought of John watching her fuck his wife and that, too, drove her wild. She wished he would fuck her ass with his big prick at the same time and come all over her pussy. She loved it when Roger, her husband, would pull out just before climax and come over her stomach. As her fantasies grew bolder and wilder, the nubs mashing against her pussy became faster and faster. She was coming now. As she began orgasm, she gave one last, deep thrust and at the same instant she buried the dildo all the way into her, she felt Barbara collapse to the floor with her on top. It had been a violent orgasm. The best she had in months. She pulled out of Barbara, got groggily to her feet, undid the dildo from her body, threw it aside and stumbled to the couch where she plopped down out of breath.

Barbara laid on the floor completely exhausted. She was confused and near tears over what had happened this night. She had always considered herself a person of high morals with complete loyalty to her husband and now she's been forced to perform, what were to her, unspeakable sex acts in front of John and other spectators. Worse yet was the fact that she had found pleasure in them. She felt like she was a lower life form and began sobbing in self-pity. "How can I ever face John as his wife again?" she asked herself. As the tears began to trickle out of the corners of her eyes, she saw Cheryl's feet at her head. "No more" she said to herself. She felt guilty and dirty.

"Rise and shine, sweet thing." Cheryl nudged Barbara with foot. "It's time for MY part of the show."

Barbara rose to her feet and assumed her position. She felt overwhelming shame and could not look the others in the face. She hadn't planned on Cheryl being part of the activities and thought that the evening was ending. She wondered what humiliation Cheryl had in store for her now, and whether she could take any more without completely breaking down.

"I've been watching your poor husband over there, Barbara, and I realize that we must to something to relieve his condition. Don't you agree?" Cheryl had a taunting slant to her tone.

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara imagined that she would now have to give John another blow-job in front of everyone.

"Good." Cheryl continued. "John, why don't you free yourself of those clothes and get ready for some action."

John didn't have to be told twice. He jumped to his feet and within a minute was completely nude. His huge cock jutted out from between his legs and glowed a bright pink from the blood that had been rushing to it all evening. He stood there wondering what to do next.

Pam and Lynn looked at John with hungry eyes. Both women wanted a piece of that hunk. Neither had ever seen such a magnificent example of manhood in their lives. Beth couldn't take her eyes off Barbara.

"Sit down, John." Cheryl waited until John sat down and then turned her attention to back to Barbara. "OK, Barbara. I want you to crawl over to John on your hands and knees and start sucking on that big dick of his while I get ready."

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara crawled over to where John was seated and took the tip of his cock into her mouth. As she worked her lips and tongue over John's dick, she glanced up at him and saw him staring straight ahead, not at her. She feared that he had lost all respect for her and didn't want to see her anymore. What she didn't know was that John was staring across the room at Cheryl who was busy getting herself nude. She found out soon enough when she saw Cheryl, completely naked, straddle John's legs and lower herself onto his lap with her pussy staring directly at Barbara.

"That's fine, Barbara. Now you can guide that baloney right into my pussy, but do continue licking his balls while I ride this horse home." Cheryl chuckled as she raised herself up off John's lap.

Barbara took John's cock and positioned the tip against Cheryl's soaking pussy. She held it in place and watched as Cheryl lowered herself onto it ever so slowly, then rise up again only to start lowering herself onto it once more. She began licking John's balls as Cheryl continuing pumping on his rod. Her face was only inches away from the action and every time Cheryl would lower herself, Barbara felt Cheryl's pubic hair on her forehead and then her labia on her nose. The smell of female sex juices were not new to Barbara any longer, but she now found that they excited her. Not in a sexual way, she was completely spent this evening and was merely carrying out orders in a robotic method. Not sexual, but in a strange, forbidden way. Like the excitement she got as a teenager when she would sneak a smoke when her parents weren't looking, or skinny-dip in the pool late at night knowing that the neighbors might be watching.

Cheryl felt John's dick pounding on her cervix and stretching the walls of her vagina. It was a divine ache. She continued working up and down as she watched the others. Pam had picked up the vibrator and was working it in and out of her pussy while Lynn sat mesmerized by the sights and couldn't help but rub her small twat. Beth still couldn't take her eyes off Barbara. Cheryl snapped her fingers at Beth and when she looked up, wagged a finger at Beth then at Barbara's elevated hips and spread thighs. Beth caught on to the meaning and crawled over to Barbara's waiting cookie.

Barbara felt someone's hand gently spreading her vaginal lips followed by the delicate touch of a tongue licking her entire slit and clitoris. She spread her legs a little wider to allow whoever it was better access. She enjoyed this. All night long it was her playing the active part and now someone was actively, tenderly caressing her sex with their tongue. It thrilled her and she began to lick John's balls a little faster and with more determination than ever.

Cheryl looked around the room at the orgy unfolding before her eyes and began pumping faster. She could tell John was nearing climax and pumped a few more times, very deeply, before reaching down and pulling the cock from her pussy. She moved her hand back and forth over the soaked tool until it began to throb and she knew John was coming. At that instant, she pointed down at Barbara's tongue and had her long awaited orgasm as she watch John's dick spew forth massive amounts of cum over his wife's eyelids, nose, lips and tongue.

For the first time since Cheryl had sat on his dick, John opened his eyes. He was stunned by what was transpiring before him. The feast was to much for his mind to decide what entree to look at, and his eyes went from Lynn masturbating with three fingers in her spread box to Pam, head thrown back, reaching orgasm with the help of the vibrator, to Beth, nose buried in his wife's ass, as she licked Barbara's much used cunt and finally to Barbara's cum covered face. He felt Cheryl's weight shift as she leaned back and rested on his chest. He hated to admit it but Cheryl was one hot woman and one helluva fuck. In spite of, or maybe it was because of, all Cheryl had done to his wife, he found a new admiration for this young gal.

Cheryl relaxed against John and watched everyone around her pleasing themselves in various manners. When it became obvious that all, with the possible exception of Beth, had reached orgasm, she got off John's lap and summoned Barbara to join her in the center of the room. When Barbara was positioned correctly, Cheryl reached behind her to a snack tray and removed some objects.

"You've done well tonight, Barbara, with the exceptions of a slip of the tongue and some uncalled for hesitation now and then. In lieu of your fine performances elsewhere, I've decided your punishment should be light this time. First, let's hope these clothes pins will help to remind you of your transgressions and teach you to treat your mistresses with respect." Cheryl held a clip-on clothes pin in each hand and showed them to Barbara before opening their jaws and attaching one to each of Barbara's nipples. She watched as Barbara winced when she released each pin and it squeezed each nipple almost flat. Cheryl reached back to the snack table and grabbed a sand paper covered Ping-Pong paddle. "Secondly, I believe a spanking is in order here to stress the seriousness of your misdeeds. Tell me, Barbara. How many whacks do you think you deserve tonight?" Cheryl looked at Barbara's eyes, filled with pain and shame, and held the paddle up for her to see. She waited for a reply.

"I ... I ... I don't know, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara looked pleadingly at Cheryl as tears began to swell in the corner of her eyes. "Please, Mistress Cheryl. Don't spank me tonight. I promise it won't happen again. I've learned to obey you and my mistresses. I'll do anything you want just please, please no spanking and please take these clothes pins off my nipples. They hurt bad."

"They should hurt, Barbara. That's why we call it 'punishment'. It wouldn't be much discipline if they felt good. But I still think you should be spanked. Since you don't know how many strokes of the paddle you deserve, I have an idea how to settle it. Excuse me." Cheryl left the room and went to the kitchen. She promptly returned holding a cold cucumber in her hand which she held up for the sobbing Barbara to look at. "If you can hold this cucumber in your cunt, with legs spread mind you, for 20 minutes you won't be spanked. HOWEVER, for each second it is out of your pussy, you'll get one stroke. When, and if, the cucumber falls, you can bend down, pick it up and put it back in - then put your hands back behind your head."

"I'll count out each second. When the 20 minutes is up, we'll total the seconds I've counted and that's how many strokes you'll get. Got it?"

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl. P...Please ..." Barbara's pleas were cut short when Cheryl reached out and repositioned the clothes pins on her nipples. The pain increased when the pins were released but was greatly magnified when they were reattached. Barbara knew that she couldn't possible hold that big cucumber in her vagina for 20 minutes. The combination of her 2 orgasms and Beth's tongue had made her vagina very slippery.

"No more begging. You'll have your opportunity to beg as you beg each one here for their forgiveness for your blubbering during this punishment session when you show them your 'respect'. Are you ready?" Cheryl gritted her teeth and her annoyance at Barbara's crying showed.

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl."

"Very well then." Cheryl bent down and prodded Barbara's legs to spread them a little further apart. After Barbara adjusted her widened stance, Cheryl began inserting the cucumber into her pussy. It went in with very little resistance and Cheryl knew it wouldn't stay there long. She stepped back and pressed the button on her watch to start timing the "endurance test".

Barbara felt the cucumber begin to slip out of her almost the instant Cheryl released it. She tried to squeeze her vagina around it and that seemed to make it want to slide out faster yet. Within the first minute, the cuke popped out onto the floor and Barbara rushed down to pick it up and reinsert it into her twat as Cheryl counted the seconds elapsing out loud. As Barbara pushed it back in, the girls laughed and shouted advice, telling her to stick it all the way in. Barbara finally got back into position as Cheryl's count reached five. She remembered reading an article in one of John's Penthouse magazines about Asian women who trained their vaginas to squeeze tight around an object and she wished now that she paid more attention to it. Again the damned cuke hit the floor and Barbara, in tears now, raced to get it back in, much to the delight of the howling spectators. This time Barbara wiped the cucumber dry on her leg before ramming it into her pussy as far as she could. That seemed to work much better and it remained in longer, but it inevitably did fall out again and Barbara repeated the process over and over until, finally, Cheryl signaled that time had run out.

"47 seconds." Cheryl announced to her guests as they all gasped "ooh". "47 strokes. Now Barbara, had you not thrown a crying fit and said '10' when I asked you how many strokes you thought you deserved, we probably would have said "okay". But your pitiful whining cost you 37 more strokes. Let's see, to round things off, that's 12 strokes from each." Cheryl held the paddle out towards Barbara and then "readjusted" the clothespins on her nipples once more. "Now, take this paddle, on your hands and knees, to each of our guests, starting with Pam, and ask each one to give you your deserved punishment. When they finish with the paddling, I want you to show them your respect. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara took the paddle and got down on all fours.

"Tell me then how you're going to show them your respect." Cheryl teased.

Barbara's face turned crimson. She not only had to do it, but she had to tell them out loud that she was going to kiss their asses. "I'm going to ........." She couldn't say the words.

Cheryl grabbed Barbara's hair and yanked her head up. "Yes? Go on. What are you going to do?"

Barbara, startled by the sudden hair yanking, spit the words out. "I'm going to kiss their ass, Mistress Cheryl."

"Very good." Cheryl chimed, as her grip on Barbara's hair tightened. "Describe HOW you're going to kiss their ass, Barbara."

This was unbearable to the poor Barbara. "With my lips and ... and ... my tongue. I'm going to lick their assholes, Mistress Cheryl." Tears were streaming down Barbara's face now. The combination of Cheryl pulling her hair and the clothes pins on her nipples didn't hurt as much as having to say those words.

"Okay. Now get started. And if you know what's good for you, you'll work that tongue of yours like you've never worked it before. Remember, I'm last with the paddle and if I don't think you're doing your best, I'll make sure you won't be able to sit for a week. One more thing. I want you to count each stroke, out loud, followed by "Mistress whoever' so that you won't forget their names again. Go!" Cheryl stood, still naked, in the center of the room and watched Barbara crawl over to Pam.

Barbara handed the paddle to Pam and asked her to "Please punish me". Pam took the paddle and stood up and directed Barbara to turn around and put her forehead on the floor. When Barbara was positioned, Pam took the first swing. It wasn't a strong swing and the room filled with boos and chided her to put more feeling into it. The second blow was harder and began to turn Barbara's cheeks pink.

As instructed, Barbara counted each stroke with a "Mistress Pam" following. Each time the sandpaper covered paddle landed, the pain increased and caused Barbara to lunge forward a bit which, in turn, caused the clothespins on her nipples to drag on the carpet and pull on her tits causing even more pain. By the time she had counted the twelfth stroke, Barbara's cheeks were bright red and very sore. Pam then instructed her to show "her respect" and got down on her knees with her upper body resting on the sofa. Barbara crawled around to Pam's exposed ass, reached up to spread her cheeks, and began tonguing her ass.

As Barbara tongued Pam, Cheryl kept shouting instructions. "Work that tongue faster." "get it in -- deeper --deeper" "use your hands to spread them cheeks wider so you can get in better." Barbara followed each order exactly. Partly to avoid the wrath of Cheryl and partly to delay the next set of blows from the bigger and stronger Beth. Pam began pushing her hips into Barbara's face harder and harder and Barbara responded by trying to push her tongue into Pam's ass deeper and deeper. Barbara had mixed feelings when she heard Cheryl proclaim that was enough for Pam. On one hand she was glad that part was over, but on the other, her aching butt would now be subject to more pain.

Finally, it was over. Barbara had been spanked by all three guests and had licked their asses until her tongue was almost as sore as her backside which literally glowed like a bright red Chinese lantern. The mere thought of touching it sent shivers through her body. She had no idea how she would get by Cheryl's paddling. She held back the sobs and crawled over to Cheryl, who was now sitting on the arm of John's chair, and offered her the paddle.

"Please punish me, Mistress Cheryl." she whimpered as she planted her head firmly into the carpet.

Cheryl took the paddle and moved around to Barbara's elevated rump, then back to her head. "That sweet little ass of yours looks real sore Barbara. What would you do if I let you off with no more paddling?"

"Oh, I'd do anything .. anything at all, Mistress Cheryl. Please don't paddle me any more, Mistress Cheryl. I hurt so much, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara felt elated that she might not have to go through any more paddling. She would do just a bout anything to avoid it. Her ass felt like the skin covering it had been sanded off.

"Start licking my feet." Cheryl watched the agonizing Barbara leap forward and begin licking her feet. She reveled in the power she held over the woman and was glorified to display this power to her friends. "That's it. Just like last time. Don't forget to get in between each toe. Now, here's what I'll do. I'll give you ten minutes to suck my pussy. If I come during those ten minutes, I'll forgive your spanking and let you show me your respect, after which, you're done for the night. Agreed?"

Barbara's mouth remained glued to Cheryl's feet as she answered. "Yes, Mistress Cheryl. I'll make you come, Mistress Cheryl. I promise." Barbara flung her head between Cheryl's thighs and began moving her tongue over her mistresses vagina as expertly as she knew how. She tried to imagine how she would like it done to her and used her hands to spread Cheryl's lips and allow her tongue access to the clitoris. She was excited to see Cheryl beginning to respond to her probing and she moved her tongue back and forth over Cheryl's vagina as she let a finger begin playing with the puckered rim of her tormentor's ass. Barbara glanced up to look at Cheryl's face and noticed John watching her intently. The sight of him watching her do this rattled her and she shut her eyes and concentrated on avoiding any more spanking by giving Cheryl the orgasm she wanted. It didn't seem like ten minutes had passed before Cheryl began to buck her hips uncontrollably and start moaning. A few seconds later Cheryl grabbed Barbara's head and pushed it into her cunt as she came wildly. Barbara, hoping to get the night over with, slowed her tongue and allowed Cheryl to come down from her high. She then began working on Cheryl's asshole with as much vigor as she had on her cunt. As she worked her tongue around and into the gleaming rim, Barbara repeatedly mumbled "I Respect you, Mistress Cheryl. Thank you, Mistress Cheryl."

John sat staring at the road ahead as he drove home. His wife beside him sat sore, exhausted and nude. Cheryl had instructed her to remain naked until she reached home. She also told her to keep the cucumber inside her pussy during the ride and that she would find out if she had disobeyed. Barbara sat and twirled the cucumber between her legs. She wondered how long this would go on. How long must she endure the humiliation and pain. A feeling inside her told her it would go on and on. She leaned back against the seat. Her eyes closed and her mouth formed a wide grin as she dozed.





Chapter Three: The Bitching

Almost a month had passed since the accident and a little over a week had gone by since Barbara's visit to Cheryl's "party". The flashbacks to the night of the accident had disappeared from her day to day life and she found it easier to accomplish all the chores expected of a modern housewife and mother. She had even stopped cringing whenever the phone rang. She could never forget what happened at Cheryl's, but since that night, she hadn't heard from her. Barbara thought, or rather hoped, that Cheryl had enough fun with her and moved on to another phase of her life. She couldn't help but recall the feelings she experienced on those occasions when she was forced to submit to Cheryl's whims. She was raised with high moral standards by deeply religious parents and their teachings were still deep within her. Barbara felt utterly repulsed and disgusted with what went on during those meetings. She felt even more guilty about the way her body seemed to take control over her mind at times. She couldn't understand the moments when she experienced those deep, lustful cravings even though she was consciously aware of her situation and humiliation. She found it difficult to sleep at nights thinking about it. John, too, had changed. Prior to all this taking place, they would have sex 4 to 5 times a week. It had always been in their bedroom, lights out and underneath the sheets -- the way sex was meant to be. Since the party, they had sex on only one occasion -- in the bedroom, lights out, under the covers -- but it was extremely intense. Barbara couldn't really call it sex - - lust would be a better term.

Her mind had switched back to washing the breakfast dishes when the phone rang. Without hesitation, Barbara picked up the receiver and said "Hello."

"Hi, Barbara. How are ya' doing?"

Barbara's heart quickened and her stomach did flip-flops when she recognized the voice of Cheryl on the other end. Her face reddened with embarrassment, even though no one was in the room to see her.

"I'm fine. How about yourself?" Barbara answered quickly and politely, even surprising herself with the calm, cool manner she had assumed.

"Well ..., to tell you the truth, I'm a bit disappointed right now. I thought your punishment last week was enough to teach you how to show proper respect to your mistress." Cheryl replied.

"Come off it, Cheryl!" Barbara defiantly spat back. "You can't expect this charade to go on any longer. How would it look if you were to go to the police as a witness a full month after the incident occurred? John fixed the car so it's your word against mine and I just may tell them you attempted to extort money from me and this was your way of getting even for my refusal. So stop playing games with me."

"Who said anything about the police? Besides, what makes you think I don't have anyone else to back up my story? Ask your husband." Cheryl paused a moment to let the last sentence sink in. "But I'm sure you wouldn't like to see those pictures and that videotape of you floating around your neighborhood and John's place of work. Maybe a nice 8 x 10 of you licking Pam's ass would look good on your father's night stand. No, make it a nice big hanging collage of you licking other cunts and asses while pumping dildos and cukes up yours. That would be perfect for your parent's living room. You better get your head on straight and realize who's in the driver's seat here. I'm not playing games with you, trust me on that."

Barbara's mind went blank. She had no answer. One thing she could never let happen was allowing her parents see any of those pictures. She loved them dearly and that would hurt them terribly. They'd probably disown her. It would be almost as bad having them spread around town and John's office. Her defiance left as quickly as it came. "What did she mean when she said 'ask your husband'?" she thought. Surely John wouldn't corroborate Cheryl's story. "Why would she say such a thing?" Her mind was spinning around with no escape path in sight. Barbara knew Cheryl had her over the proverbial barrel again.

"Okay, Cheryl. What do you want from me this time?" Barbara responded in a murmur, sounding totally defeated.

"Well, for starters, you had better start showing me the proper respect. Now I want you to tell me how sorry you are for treating me so poorly and what you are going to do to prove your sincerity. I want you to plead for forgiveness and beg me to allow you to show your respect." Once again, Cheryl was basking in victory. She could almost hear poor Barbara blubbering into the phone.

"I'm sorry, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara began. Her voice was but a low whisper now, in her moment of despair. "I promise I'll show you the proper respect from now on. Please, Mistress Cheryl, let me prove my respect for you. I'll do anything you wish, Mistress Cheryl. Please forgive me, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara couldn't help but think how much she sounded like a little girl trying to get out of a spanking. She had to swallow her dignity and go through with Cheryl's demands or face dire consequences. Barbara also feared the punishment this time. She had witnessed Cheryl's temper and dreaded the thought of being its target. The paddling she took last week, along with the clothespins on her nipples, was bad enough. She shuddered at the thought of a more severe form of discipline.

"Tell me, Barbara, exactly just what you're going to do to prove your respect for me. Tell me how you plan to please me. Tell me in detail -- and use the right words -- or you'll loathe the day you were born!" Cheryl was beginning to get annoyed with Barbara's "Miss Goody Two-shoes" attitude.

Barbara's eyes started to fill with tears. It was bad enough to have to do those things, at least she could think about something else while doing them. Now she would have to think about them while she talked about doing them, out loud, to someone else.

"I'm going to kiss and lick your ... your ... ass and ....your ... vagina. I'll ... suck on your ... breasts. I'll do anything you ask me to do, Mistress Cheryl."

"I don't believe you, girl." Cheryl was pissed off big time. "Vagina? Breasts? You need a lesson on how sluts like you should talk. We'll take care of that on Thursday, my place again, at 6 p.m. sharp. Got it?"

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl"

"Good. Remember to get cleaned up nice. It's supposed to rain so wear a raincoat -- nothing else, except a pair of slippers to keep your feet clean. I'll take care of your manners and vocabulary then." click.

Barbara held the phone loosely to her ear in stunned silence. There was no doubt in her mind that Cheryl was very angry and she wondered what her tormentor had in mind for her on Thursday. She thought back to the indignities she suffered on their last meeting and immediately became ill. She gently hung up the phone, burst into tears and ran to her bedroom. She laid on the bed and stared at the ceiling, crying, until she fell asleep.

Later that evening, when the supper dishes were cleared and the kids put to bed, Barbara told John about Cheryl's phone call and the appointment she had made for Thursday evening. He seemed to act in a nonchalant manner and only briefly looked up from the TV program he was watching. His attitude and Cheryl's earlier remark about asking John raised suspicions in the back of her mind and she decided to confront him about it once and for all.

"John?" She paused in order to give her mind a chance to find the words for her inquisition. "You don't seem at all concerned. I mean, you haven't shown one emotion or another. It's almost as if you knew all about it before I told you. D id you?

"Well, yeah." John seemed unable to look directly at his wife as he spoke. "Cheryl called me earlier today at the office to make sure that Thursday would be okay before she called you to set it up."

"Oh? And I suppose you just said 'fine'. In fact, I'll bet you even tried to move it up a day so you wouldn't have to wait so long to see your wife treated like some paid whore. How could you, John? Don't you love me anymore? Do you have any feeling for me at all?" Barbara couldn't decide whether she felt more hurt or anger towards him.

"Of course I love you. Why do I have to tell you? If I didn't love you, I wouldn't have stayed with you all these years. God knows I've had many opportunities to leave you, but I haven't yet, and I don't plan to now. For God's sake, Barbara, It's just that this whole business has put me in a bad position. I mean, there's nothing I can do to help you at this point. I'd like to put an end to it right, but I don't know how. Cheryl's got her hooks in you and she's not about to let go yet. I'm only being quiet to keep you from being hurt any more than necessary."

John had measured his words. Outwardly they were the words to say to his beloved wife, but inwardly he knew he lacked the strength to say anything to Cheryl. He had always been putty in a woman's hands. Not that he'd subject himself to any of their bullshit, but he just couldn't be forceful with them. He envied Cheryl and the control she had over Barbara. Besides, even though he was aware of how much it hurt his wife, he found this new scenario to be exciting. Barbara was right in suggesting that he couldn't wait for the next session. If only he could tell her just how much he enjoyed seeing her being a slave to another woman. He glanced up at her eyes and saw that Barbara seemed to be a little more relaxed.

Barbara thought about how ironic it was that John was attempting to prevent her from getting hurt, while she was going through all this to prevent him and the kids from being hurt. She loved John and the kids dearly. They were all that mattered in her life now. If she lost any one of them, she couldn't bear to go on.

"And what else did the 'mistress' have to say?" The word mistress rolled off Barbara's tongue in a sarcastic fashion. "Did she say what she planned for the evening?"

John felt uneasy talking about the conversation he had with Cheryl. He did indeed know exactly what Cheryl had planned but promised not to tell Barbara anything about it, even if he had not promised he didn't think he could tell her what was in store for her.

"Yeah. She sorta went over a few things to get my approval I guess."

"WHAT? TO GET YOUR APPROVAL?" Barbara was infuriated. To think that bitch was conspiring with her husband to put her through hell, and he was approving every stage of her plan. In this fit of rage, she could have hit him with anything handy.

"Well, not really my approval..." John had slipped up and had to cover his blunder. "It was more like she was telling me what she was gonna do -- whether I liked it or not."

"What does she have planned, John. Tell me!"

"I can't, Barb. I promised Cheryl I wouldn't tell you anything. I think I've already said to much."

"YOU BASTARD! For chrissakes, John, I'm your wife. It's me, Barbara -- not some fucking slut you're planning to degrade. TELL ME!"

"I said I can't. Believe me you don't want to know anyway. If Cheryl found out you knew anything, she'd make it harder on you"

"YOU SON OF A BITCH! You're afraid she'd go hard on you, aren't you? You're afraid she wouldn't let you watch any more, aren't you. What's the matter? Worried that maybe she won't sit on your lap and fuck you any more? YOU ROT IN HELL, YOU SON OF A BITCH!"

John sat and listened to his wife's tirade then watched her stomp out of the room and slam the bedroom door. He sat and stared at the wall. Deep inside he knew that she was right. He was afraid that Cheryl would punish him by not confiding in him about, or letting him be in attendance at, the rituals any longer. For a moment he wished none of this had ever happened, but then again, in a way, it was the best thing that had happened to him in his 7 years of marriage.

********

The worst thing about late spring, Barbara thought, was the long days. As usual, the weatherman had been wrong and here she was dressed only in a rain coat and pair of household slippers on a beautiful sunny day, temperatures in the low 80's, on a porch in the middle of an apartment complex, in broad daylight for all the world to see. She imagined the residents peering out of their windows staring at her. She couldn't wait for Cheryl to open the door and let her in. "What was taking so long?" she wondered. Almost before she finished the thought, the door began to creak open.

"Hello Barbara. Hello John. Right on time. C'mon in." Cheryl greeted the couple as though they were there for an afternoon tea. She stepped aside to allow them to pass and couldn't resist a little pinch on John's ass.

As Barbara entered the apartment, she noticed the kitchen door was closed. In all the time she had known Cheryl, and as many times she had visited, she could never remember an occasion when that door was closed. She became aware of another presence in the room and looked to her left where she saw a lone gentleman sitting in a chair in the corner. She had never seen this stranger before and didn't recall Cheryl describing anyone like him. He was older than them, in his late forties, early fifties, and rather tall and slender. He wore a very expensive suit and tie. Barbara stereotyped him as the perfect example of today's business executive. He sat there with his hands clasped on his stomach, staring at Barbara. His stare made Barbara feel uneasy and she shifted her eyes to the floor as she began to blush. She heard Cheryl shut the door and felt her hand on the small of her back.

"Why don't you sit on the sofa, next to me, John. Barbara, get rid of that coat and those slippers and assume the position."

Barbara removed the coat then realized she had made a mistake by not taking off the slippers first because when she bent over to remove them she was exposing her naked rear directly at the stranger in the corner. She tossed the articles into the corner and assumed her familiar position, directly in front of the sofa, facing John. She wanted to reach out and hold his hand now. She wanted to tell him she was sorry for her outbreak the other night and that she believed him and loved him. She wanted to, but the threat of additional punishment made it impossible to do at this time. She made a mental note to tell him those things on the way home. Her thoughts were interrupted by Cheryl's grabbing her arm and spinning her around to face the man seated in the corner chair.

"Mr. Bryant, this is Barbara." Cheryl smiled and spoke those words as though she was displaying a trophy she had won.

"Yes, I recognized her immediately from the pictures you were showing me earlier." Mr. Bryant made no attempt to stand or greet Barbara, just a casual acknowledgment of the fact that he recognized her.

Barbara's face reddened again. She knew that Cheryl had probably shown him the pictures taken at the last session. Her humiliation at the hands of the younger woman was painful. She wished she could sink down into the carpet and hide amongst the fibers. Instead, she just stood there, nude, hands clasped behind her head, legs spread wide open, displaying every part of her body to some perfect stranger.

"Mr. Bryant, I know that I promised you a good show tonight, but..." Cheryl was addressing the guest again. "I found out this week that Barbara was in need of some further training. If you don't mind, could we get that out of the way first? You might find it very enlightening, if not entertaining."

"By all means go ahead. I won't mind the delay at all. I'll just consider it part of the show and sit back and enjoy." Mr. Bryant spoke without any emotion or hand gestures whatsoever, almost as though he were a mechanical man. The look in his eyes, the look of lust, painted a different picture of him in Barbara's mind, however.

"Thank you." Having thanked Mr. Bryant, Cheryl directed her attention to Barbara standing next to her. "Mr. Bryant owns the company that Don works for, Barbara. He's the one that has made it possible for us all to be together tonight, by seeing to it that Don is out of town on business. Aren't you glad? I think that you should thank Mr. Bryant for his thoughtfulness."

Barbara now realized how involved Cheryl had become in her plan to gain control and humiliate her. To know she was plotting with Don's boss and John about the events about to unfold here tonight made Barbara think that this was no passing whimsy on Cheryl's part. She wanted to say "Thank him? I should strangle him!" but when she opened her mouth, other words came out.

"Thank you, Mr. Bryant"

"No trouble, really. Actually, from what I hear, its I who should thank you for what you agreed to do for me." Mr. Bryant's leer made Barbara shiver and sent goose bumps up her arms.

Cheryl pulled Barbara's arm and positioned her in the center of the room facing the television. She then turned on the set and inserted a tape into the VCR.

"Okay, Barbara." Cheryl began. "I'm going to play this video tape, I'm sure you'll recognize it, and what I want you to do is tell everyone what part of your body is on display and what is being done to it. Be careful to use the right words because if I hear a word that isn't proper coming from a slut like you, I'll gently remind you with this." At that point Cheryl held up a long leather strap of about 2 inches in width for Barbara to see. "And one more thing. With each word, I want you to put your finger on that part of your body that you're describing. For instance. If you're describing your cunt, put your finger into your cunt. If you say 'clitoris', spread your lips and place a finger on your clitoris. Now if you're licking or sucking, then lick or suck your finger. You needn't bother to describe what's being done in detail, we all can see that. Just say the words and point. Got it?"

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl"

"I hope so, for your sake." Cheryl grabbed the remote control and started the tape in motion. After a few seconds of static, followed by Cheryl's fast forwarding past the beginning, the picture settled down and the scene of Beth shaving Barbara began to play on the screen.

"She's shaving my ... my ... pubic mound." Barbara's right hand went down to her pubic mound and began to gently rub the area that had been shaven. A sudden loud crack and an immediate burning sensation on her rump startled her and brought tears to her eyes.

"That's a box. Say it!" Cheryl held the belt menacingly above her head ready to bring it down once again.

"She's shaving my box." Barbara hurriedly spit the words out before the belt had a chance to land again.

For the next hour, Barbara found herself using the most vile words ever to spill from her lips. "Cunt." "Asshole." "Clit." "Tits." During that period her finger had explored every inch of her body and her ass had felt the sting of the strap several times. She learned that her mouth was a "cock-sucker" and her tongue a "pussy licker" or "ass licker" She occasionally glanced over at Mr. Bryant and saw the same leering gaze on his face each time. She was dying of embarrassment and shame, but continued on with each stroke of the belt. At the end, when she was licking her finger, which was by now dripping from juices, she felt the most shame. Her cheeks were almost as red as her face and felt like it had been stung by a thousand bees. She had been able to hold back the avalanche of tears, which normally would be flowing by this time, by not having the time to feel her emotions. Each time her mind began to think of her predicament, the belt quickly brought her back to the task at hand.

John sat quietly watching his wife's training. Cheryl had called him at work earlier today to tell him about her conversation with Barbara and that she would have a "training" session tonight. He went along with her thinking it would be another sexually charged display. He was not prepared for this whipping his poor wife was taking and did not care for it at all. At one point he was tempted to stop Cheryl, but thought it might be better if he waited and talked to her alone. He was going to insist that this kind of punishment was not to occur again. He knew Cheryl would resist, but in the end would concede.

Finally, mercifully, Cheryl had turned off the tape and the TV screen went black. Barbara was still licking her finger when Cheryl walked over to her and ordered her to assume the position, which she did. Again, she was dragged over to face Mr. Bryant while Cheryl explained the next stage.

"Mr. Bryant and I were talking last week and he confided in me that there were 2 things he had never been privileged to witness in person but would like to before he left this good earth. One of those things is to see a woman perform oral sex on another woman." Cheryl shifted her eyes from Mr. Bryant to Barbara. "I thought, Barbara, that you would only be too happy to demonstrate your talented tongue for his benefit. And then I thought it would be nice to really give him a show for his money and have you give me a complete tongue bath. You, Barbara, are going to lick every inch of my body - - head to toe, front and back -- and pay particular attention to certain parts. You do know what certain parts I'm talking about, don't you?" Cheryl paused to wait for Barbara's reply.

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl." The words were spoken, but Barbara's mind was far away from this place. This was horrible. She hated the thought of licking another woman, especially in front of others and especially against her will. She had, of course, done it before and found it wasn't that bad, but the guilt that enveloped her afterwards was overbearing.

"Well, I'm waiting. What are the parts?" Cheryl stood with hands on hips and foot tapping waiting for further evidence of Barbara's complete submission to her desires.

"Your ... cunt ... and your ... tits ... and your ... your ... ass, Mistress Cheryl" Barbara stammered. Her chin fell on her chest in complete shame. As she looked down she noticed that her nipples were hard and sticking out. It shamed her more knowing that everyone in the room was aware of the state of her nipples and that they all knew by now that her body was betraying her again. Yes, every corner of her mind felt shame and disgust at what she was about to do, but her body was obviously excited about it.

"That's right! You learn very well." Cheryl mocked. "Let's get started then, shall we?"

Cheryl moved the coffee table in line with Mr. Bryant's line of sight then stood up and untied the sash holding her wrap dress closed. Just as Barbara had expected, Cheryl wore nothing underneath. She slipped the dress off her shoulders and let it fall to the floor. She stood with hands on hips and legs spread in front of Mr. Bryant, her pride in her body evident. She began to recline on the table, then, as if just remembering something, arose again and looked at Mr. Bryant.

"Please feel free to position yourself for a better view if you'd like. Also, you'll find a couple of Barbara's toys there on the lamp table. If at any time you feel the urge to get actively involved, don't be afraid to use them." Cheryl then repositioned herself on the table with her legs hanging off the end nearest Mr. Bryant. She beckoned Barbara to her with a wiggle of her index finger.

Barbara dropped her arms and knelt beside the table at Cheryl's side. Curious, she glanced at the lamp table alongside Mr. Bryant in hopes of catching a glimpse of what "toys" might be there. Unfortunately, they must have been behind the lamp and not in view, but Barbara guessed they were the same dildos and vibrators Cheryl had brought to her house the night the debasement began. She turned her head and directed her attention to Cheryl's nude body in front of her. She dreaded having to do this dirty act but conceded that it would be better than another whipping. Her poor backside just couldn't bear to be touched again.

"Where should I begin, Mistress Cheryl?" Barbara had never even seen or heard of a tongue bath before and was totally bewildered about where to start. She thought it better to ask than to do it wrong and risk further humiliation or pain.

"Start at my head and work down, of course." Cheryl spat out, annoyed at Barbara's naiveté. "I certainly don't want that tongue on my face after being in all the other places it'll be."

Barbara positioned herself at Cheryl's head and began licking her face at the hairline. Her tongue slowly worked its way over Cheryl's eyelid and over to the ear where it began darting in and out of the passage in a sensual manner. She continued back across the face to the nose and began the same darting motion on each nostril. Barbara's mind began drifting. She wasn't sure whether it was the perfume Cheryl wore, the scent of her feminine sexual fluids, or a combination of the two, but she began to get aroused. Occasionally she would pop back into reality for a brief period, only to lose her shame to an overwhelming lustful desire once again. She worked her tongue into and around the other ear and across the face once more. As her tongue began to trace the outline of Cheryl's lips, Barbara noticed them parting slightly. With each pass of tongue, the lips would part further until Barbara discovered she was deep inside of the mouth, entwining her tongue with Cheryl's. She felt a hand on the back of her head holding her tightly against Cheryl's lips. She briefly opened her eyes and saw that it was Cheryl's hand. She shut her eyes and continued with the kiss. She thought it was the most intense, warm and meaningful kiss she had in years. A split second later, she realized that she was french kissing another woman while her husband and another man was watching. Once again, she was overcome with shame and began to blush.

Barbara eased her head back against the hand and slowly withdrew her tongue from the mouth of her one-time friend turned tormentor. Her tongue restarted its journey across Cheryl's face to her shoulder, down the outside of one arm to the hand where she inserted each of Cheryl's fingers into her mouth and gently sucked them clean as she moved them in and out between her wet lips. Barbara was unaware of how sensual her actions seemed to everyone in the room. When the last finger had be en sucked, the tongue reappeared and began licking up the inside of the arm to the armpit where it began slow, circular motions as it darted in and out of her mouth to renew its moisture. Barbara repeated the ritual with the other arm and hand. The necessity of leaning across the naked body before her caused Barbara's nipples to brush across those of Cheryl's. With each slight brush of nipples, a light electrical shock surged through Barbara's entire body. She started swaying her raised hips as an urgent need for satisfaction began building inside of her. As she began working her tongue back up the inside of the arm, Barbara felt a pair of hands between her spread legs.

Watching his wife locked in a steamy, wet kiss with another woman caused John's dick to swell. He was mesmerized by the scene before him, completely oblivious to any other presence in the room until Mr. Bryant moved from his chair and kneeled behind Barbara's exposed buttocks. John watched as this stranger began spreading his wife's ass and pussy and gently inserted a finger in first one opening, then the other. He fought back an urge to masturbate there and then and just threw his he ad back and closed his eyes. Within of few moments he felt his jeans being unbuttoned and looked down to find Cheryl's freshly tongued hand grappling for his throbbing dick. He looked back at Mr. Bryant and saw that he was reaching for the vibrator. As the stranger inserted the humming object into his wife's dripping vagina, John felt Cheryl's hand gently stroking his manhood. He glanced at Barbara, now gently licking and sucking on Cheryl's breast, and back again to Mr. Bryant who had the vibrator completely inside Barbara. His attention was drawn to Cheryl's face. who just looked at him with glassy eyes and a wide, slightly open, smile as she continued working her hand over his dick and balls. The touch felt so good, John once again threw his head back and closed his eyes.

Barbara continued licking and sucking Cheryl's breast as the aroma of sex filled her nostrils and had transported her into a make believe place far away. Whenever Mr. Bryant touched her tender behind, she would wince in pain and recoiled uncontrollably away from the source. The vibrator working slowly, but methodically, in and out of her pussy had her sailing on a cloud. She started to abandon her shame and inhibitions and now sought gratification from the instrument invading her body. As she rocked her hips back and forth in rhythm with Mr. Bryant's strokes, she seemed to suck and lick with more vigor than when she had first started. She finished one breast and traced a path with her tongue across Cheryl's cleavage to the other one which eagerly waited with nipple erect.

John's moaning confirmed the effectiveness of Cheryl's gentle stroking. His mind wandered to thoughts of what was in store for his wife next. Visions of the scene Cheryl had described to him over the phone flashed before his eyes as if they were already taking place. Cheryl, realizing John's impending orgasm, began stroking faster while he lifted his hips off the sofa and stiffened his entire body. John felt the orgasm growing within him. The small spasms occurring deep inside were a prelude to the explosion about to come. He felt himself letting go and jerked wildly as his sperm raced to their imminent freedom. He relaxed and opened his eyes to survey the mess he had made and was shocked to find that Cheryl held Barbara's he ad by her hair and had directed his stream of cum onto his wife's face.

Barbara, lost in her dreams, and desperately needing to satisfy her own desires, hadn't notice Cheryl's hand gripping her hair. Suddenly, her head was yanked painfully upward and she saw the head of John's cock within inches of her eyes. Be fore she had time to react, the cock began spewing semen. She saw it coming. As if time had slowed, the spout of liquid seemed to take forever to reach her face. The first spatter landed on her left eyebrow and dripped down across her nose. Subsequent splashes landed on her lips, cheeks, nose and other eyelid. She was literally drenched. The sequence had snapped her back to reality and she became aware of Mr. Bryant's presence once more. As she looked at John's spent penis being lovingly cradled by Cheryl's hand, she felt the vibrator being removed from her vagina and beginning to prod her anus. She started to feel sorry for herself again. She renewed her worrying over the possibility of losing John to Cheryl. New tears began forming in the corner of her eyes as Cheryl released her head and ordered her to continue. at that precise moment the vibrator slammed hard into her ass.

Barbara continued licking Cheryl's body as Cheryl watched. Her tongue had gone over the stomach and thoroughly reamed the navel before making its way down the outside of one leg. At the foot, Barbara was careful to pay special attention to the toes. She took each one into her mouth and ran her tongue across and in between each digit before moving onto the bottom of Cheryl's foot, from whence it began the journey up the inside of the leg. Once Barbara's tongue arrived at Cheryl's crotch, she worked across to the outside of the other leg and repeated her ritual until she was once more positioned in front of the drooling pussy. She took a deep breath and began to work her tongue over Cheryl's labia. As she spread the lips and began to work her tongue over the clitoris and deep inside the vagina, Barbara notice that the vibrator in her ass had been removed. She momentarily glanced up and saw that Mr. Bryant had moved to Cheryl's side and was intently watching her lick pussy. Ridden with shame and guilt, Barbara closed her eyes and went on with her task.

Cheryl watched Barbara licking her cunt and could tell by the way she performed her task that deep inside this straight-laced, average American woman was a lust craving animal waiting to escape. Outwardly Barbara disliked her role as sex slave. She was truly humiliated, shamed and demeaned by it. The acts she had to perform were truly distasteful to her. But in her self- conscious, hidden by years of prurient upbringing and training, lived a nymphomaniac waiting to be released. The tears in Barbara's eyes told one side of the story while the gentle swaying of her naked ass told the other side. It was plain to see that Barbara was beginning to let the woman inside her take control over her body again. Under other circumstances Cheryl would like nothing better than to let the scene play itself out and watch Barbara have an orgasm while licking another woman's cunt. It was one more thing to hold over her. Barbara felt more guilt, and was more embarrassed, when she had an orgasm in front of other people while performing, to her, these vile acts. Yes, under other circumstances letting Barbara have an orgasm would be the right thing to do, but Cheryl was worried about Barbara's reaction to the next stage of her plans and felt it would go smoother if Barbara was in a highly excited state craving release. She beckoned Mr. Bryant's ear to her lips and whispered a suggestion in his ear.

Barbara's mind was in a quandary. She knew that what she was doing was wrong and disgusting, but, for some reason, she was enjoying it. She worked her tongue in and out, licking the inner walls of Cheryl's vagina in a circular motion, and occasionally withdrawing it to flick at the clitoris. She wanted her mistress to come. She craved the sudden flow of juices onto her waiting tongue and into her mouth. The thought of it excited her more and she wished Mr. Bryant would have left the vibrator in her behind when he changed his position. She wanted to reach back and massage her own pussy but feared the consequences of such action. At the instant that she had decided to abandon her better judgment and plunge her fingers into her pussy, Barbara felt Cheryl's thighs begin to close and her head being pulled away from the warm nest between them.

When Barbara opened her eyes to see why she had been interrupted, Mr. Bryant's cock promptly leapt forward and perched itself on her lower lip. She was initially repulsed but then opened her mouth and let him enter. She began sucking and moving her head back and forth. She saw Cheryl, sitting up resting on her elbows, watching her every move and a quick glance to the side found John doing the same. She hated this. She had always disliked this part of sex and only gave in and performed it for John to appease him. To have to do it for a stranger, in front of John and another woman, turned her stomach. She wished she could just close her eyes and return to her former place, at Cheryl's vagina. Although repulsive, she could at least close her eyes and dream herself away again. It didn't take long for Mr. Bryant to begin bucking wildly, signally his coming orgasm. Another few moments of frantic head bobbing and Barbara felt his ejaculation hitting the back of her tongue and running down her throat. Mr. Bryant immediately tucked away his penis and zipped his pants. It was over almost before it had started. He plopped himself back into his chair completely exhausted.

"Let's get back to work, shall we?" Cheryl looked at Barbara's face covered with cum and pussy juice, then rolled over and laid on the table face down, legs spread. "Let's not take all night at this. We've lots to do yet."

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara chortled.

Barbara bent her head and began tonguing the back of Cheryl's neck. Her mood interrupted and reality once again restored, Barbara worked her tongue in a more business like manner, covering Cheryl's body in rapid, long strokes until it was time to "pay particular attention" to the one remaining area. She spread Cheryl's buttocks and began to work her tongue around the rim in preparation to forcing it into the hole itself. All at once, she felt someone's hand rubbing her pussy. Her eyes sprang open in surprise and she felt elated when she saw it was John. He inserted a finger and began to work it in an out. Soon he inserted another finger, then another, and another. Barbara's hips began rocking backward to meet the hand stretching her pussy to its limit. Each time she moved back the hand would push in deeper until it had reached its limit and the thumb would just barely enter her ass. She began to quicken her pace on Cheryl's ass as she felt herself being overwhelmed by desire.

Cheryl observed Barbara's state of arousal and decided it was time to go on. She motioned for John to stop his finger play and abruptly rolled over and off the table.

"You've done very well, Barbara. Don't you think so, Mr. Bryant?" Cheryl waited for Mr. Bryant's reply.

"Exquisite!" Was all Mr. Bryant could say. He had become very excited watching Barbara tongue the wife of one of his employees and was equally pleased with the way she sucked him off. He readjusted himself in his seat and stared at Cheryl waiting for what she had to say next.

"Yes. I think so too." Cheryl replied, then directed her attention to the still kneeling Barbara. "OK Barbara, do as well on this next show and we'll consider lightening your punishment. Do poorly, though, and we'll increase it considerably. It's your turn on the table. Lie down, on your back, and spread those legs w-i-d-e -- off the sides. I'll be right back."

Barbara positioned herself on the coffee table with her legs spread as wide as she could spread them and hanging off the sides, as directed. The mention of lightening her punishment made her eager to please, not to mention the fact that she was at the height of arousal and would do just about anything which would bring her to orgasm. She watched Cheryl walk over to the dining room table, pick up a small jar and carry it back.

"I want you to take some of this cream on your fingers and spread it over your pussy for us Barbara." Cheryl removed the lid and offered the jar to Barbara.

Barbara dipped her fingers into the jar and removed a generous amount of the cream. She began rubbing it onto her pussy. She had no idea what the cream was but assumed it to be a lubricant of some sort. It seemed silly to her to have to lubricate her pussy. After all, it was soaking wet and lubricated very well by her own juices. She did as she was told, though and the rubbing brought her even closer to orgasm.

"You like playing with your pussy, don't you Barbara? Go ahead. Put your fingers inside and spread some in there too. It won't hurt." Cheryl smiled as she watched Barbara insert her fingers into her cunt.

"You're hot aren't you Barbara?" Cheryl continued. "I bet you can't wait to come can you?"

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl. I want to come." Barbara shamefully answered. She couldn't believe she had said that.

"Go ahead. Put some on your asshole too. You enjoy having your ass prodded don't you?"

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara couldn't control herself any longer. Her finger found the tight bud of her asshole and jammed itself into it. It felt good as she worked it in and out.

"That's enough for now." Cheryl grabbed Barbara's hand and yanked it away from between the slave's legs. "Hands behind your head!" She ordered.

Barbara, disappointed and frightened, clasped her hands behind her head. She tried to bring herself to orgasm by squirming her hips against the hard surface of the table.

"Lie still, slut!" Cheryl's voice was threatening and Barbara's squirming stopped immediately. "Do You know what that cream was?"

"No, Mistress Cheryl."

"Let's just say it was made for bitches like you. It basically is hormones and estrogen taken from female dogs during their fertile period. It's used by breeders to get the male aroused enough to do his job. And that brings us to the next item on the agenda. There is one more thing Mr. Bryant had never witnessed live that he'd like to. You're going to do that for him, too. Aren't you?"

"Y-Y-Yes, Mistress Cheryl." Cheryl's description of the cream Barbara had just finished spreading over her pussy and ass had made her skeptical and afraid to consent, but she knew she really had no other choice.

"Good. Just give me a minute to set up the camcorder and we'll be ready." Cheryl had prepared the video equipment beforehand and retrieved it from the dining room and set it in place behind Barbara's head, making sure she did not block Mr. Bryant's view. She looked through the view finder and announced her approval.

"That's perfect. This should be a great tape. OK. I guess we're ready to begin."

Barbara watched Cheryl walk out of the room and open the kitchen door. Within a minute or two she returned holding a large Doberman by it's collar. Barbara immediately knew what was expected of her. In panic, she leaped off the table got down on her knees with her hands clasped, prayer like, in front of her face. Tears began streaming down her cheeks.

"NO! PLEASE, NOT THAT! I'll do anything else, honest -- anything! Please don't make me do this. I CAN'T DO IT! PLEASE! PLEASE!"

Cheryl suspected that Barbara might raise an objection to being fucked by a dog but she never dreamed it would be such a loud, hysterical display. She was caught off guard and couldn't decide what to do. She wanted to slap Barbara's face and order her back up onto the table, but she had all she could handle in keeping the dog, who had picked up the scent of the breeders cream on Barbara. She walked over to the kneeling woman and reached down with her free hand and grabbed one of her nipples between thumb and forefinger and began squeezing.

"Listen to me, slut! If you know what's good for you, you'll get back up on that table and show Mr. Bryant what he came to see. QUIT YOUR BLUBBERING AND GET UP THERE -- NOW!" Cheryl's anger transmitted itself to her fingers and they were squeezing Barbara's nipple so hard that both, fingers and nipple, turned ghostly white.

"No. Please, Mistress Cheryl. OUCH! Please." Barbara bent down and pulled her nipple free from Cheryl's grasp. She put her mouth onto Cheryl's bare feet and began kissing and pleading some more.

John looked at Cheryl and noticed her bewilderment at the situation. He got off the couch and went over to Barbara. He put his hands under her arms and gently lifted her to her feet. She was sobbing uncontrollably and was nearly in shock. As he held her, the dog began sniffing her legs and working his cold nose into her crotch. He pushed the dog aside with his leg and leaned his chin on his wife's shoulder and began whispering in her ear.

"No, please John. Don't ask me to do this. It's an animal, for chrissakes! I feel bad enough for what I've done -- don't turn me into a lowly animal. Please, I beg you." Barbara felt more at ease with John holding her tightly and her hysteria started to subside.

"Please, honey. Do it for me. Forget about Cheryl and Mr. Bryant, do it for me. It'll be over before you know it. Do it before Cheryl gets any more pissed than she is. Just close your eyes, block it out of your mind, and just do it. You'll get through it, I promise." John felt his wife calming down and hoped she would consent to do what she had been asked to. Cheryl's "master plan" depended on pleasing Mr. Bryant and this is what Mr. Bryant wanted most to see. He rubbed Barbara's shoulders and gently nudged her over to the table. He whispered "I love you." over and over into her ear as he softly applied downward pressure on her shoulders, forcing her onto the table.

Barbara held her hands over her face and began wiping the tears off her cheek. Her mind was a jumble of words and images and she could not think clearly about anything going on around her. The words "I love you" kept echoing in her brain as she hesitatingly moved her legs toward the table. She felt the edge of the table against her legs and a gentle pressure forcing her downward.

"That's more like it!" Cheryl said in an agitated state. "Now slide your body down so that your pussy is at the end of the table -- and keep those legs spread wide."

Barbara slid down the table until she felt the border at the end press into her inflamed buttocks. Her body trembled when she felt the cold nose of the Doberman sniffing her vagina and her reflexes caused her legs to begin to close. Luckily, she caught them in time and spread them wide once more. She soon felt the dog's tongue lapping at the cream she had smeared between her legs and, at Cheryl's command, she reached down and spread lips of her vagina to allow the beast better access. She had her eyes closed and could only think about her predicament and how low she had become. Her desire to have an orgasm had dissipated and she was left with a hollow, sick feeling in her stomach. Her actions were strictly in response to Cheryl's orders, as when she spread the cheeks of her buttocks exposing her cream covered asshole when told to do so. The licking at her pussy and ass would have brought her great enjoyment and relief had it been a man, or, for that matter, even another woman, but the image of the dog performing these acts sickened her.

After what seemed like an eternity, but in actuality was but a few quick moments, of licking, the sex crazed dog began to mount her. Barbara felt the weight of the animal on her body and its nails dig into her breasts. She moved slightly in an attempt to shift the dog's weight and allow herself to breathe more freely. At the sound of another command from Cheryl, she reached down and took the dog's penis in her hand and guided it to her opening. She felt it slide into her followed by the lapping of the dog's tongue on her face. As the dog pumped furiously, Barbara thought about how different it felt. It wasn't like a penis at all. It felt more like a small rubber ball had been inserted inside her and was bouncing back and fort h. She felt something wet hit her lips and squinted her one eye open enough to see the Doberman tongue hanging out the side of its mouth and drooling profusely. She closed her eyes again and prayed the ending of this degrading act would come quickly.

Finally, the dog stopped pumping and just stood there with its penis still inside her. Barbara squirmed her hips in an attempt to dislodge the animal's sex organ from inside her, but a low growl and a faint curling of the beast's lips convinced her that it was not the thing to do. She remained motionless while the dog recovered from his exertion. Soon she felt the dogs nails dig deeper into her breasts as he pushed himself up and off of her. Relief had come. Not in the sexual way she had earlier desired, but in the knowledge that the greatest humiliation she had ever suffered was ended. She lie waiting for further instructions, her eyes still clenched shut. She was much to ashamed to open them and face the stares she knew would come from her husband and Mr. Bryant. She heard the kitchen door close and exhaled deeply knowing that the animal had been put away again. As she heard Cheryl's bare footsteps returning to the living room and dismantle the video recording equipment, Barbara felt the dog's semen dribbling out of her vagina and making its way across her anus to the table top.

"Well, Mr. Bryant, what did you think? Did you enjoy it?" Cheryl stood, totally naked, before Don's boss and addressed him as though she were fully clothed and chatting about a new movie.

"Very much so. Thanks Cheryl. It was more than I had anticipated. In fact, the entire evening has me about worn out. Would you happen to have a cold beer handy? I'm as dry as the desert." Mr. Bryant grabbed his throat and twisted his he ad from side to side.

"Of course I do." Cheryl replied. "Please forgive me for not offering you anything to drink sooner." She looked at the reclining Barbara and issued another order. "Barbara, get up and get Mr. Bryant a nice cold beer. There's frosted mugs in the freezer. While you're at it, get one for John."

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara answered as she swung her feet off the table and stood up. She walked to the kitchen without so much of a glance at the two men in the room. The Doberman was sound asleep in the far corner, much to her relief.

Barbara returned to the living room carrying the two mugs of beer. She stood in front of the chair and offered one to Mr. Bryant. She couldn't force herself to look directly at his face but could see that he was staring directly at her crotch. She immediately became aware of the wet dog semen still trickling from her vagina and down her leg and squeezed her thighs together in an attempt to hide it. Mr. Bryant's smile indicated that he not only had seen the results of her escapade with the dog, but noticed her shame and attempt to conceal the evidence. She turned and walked over to John and offered him the remaining beer. He reached out with both hands and, as one grabbed the beer, the other closed over hers and caressed it briefly before returning to his lap. She looked up at his eyes and saw him smile and blow her a kiss. For the moment, Barbara felt more at ease. She hesitated for a moment then positioned herself in the center of the room, hands clasped behind her he ad, feet spread, eyes glued to John and waited.

Cheryl retreated to the bedroom for a few minutes and returned carrying a grocery bag which she plopped down on the now empty, but damp, coffee table. She reached into the bag and withdrew some articles held by her clenched fist. She stepped over to Barbara and looked her up and down.

"And now it's time to pay the piper for all your misdeeds, Barbara." As she spoke, she gritted her teeth. "Let's see ... there's your impertinence on the telephone with me the other day, your hysterics just a few moments ago, and failure to keep your pussy shaved. Didn't we tell you at the party that you were present yourself cleaned and ready?"

"No, Mistress Cheryl, I mean Yes, Mistress Cheryl, but..." Barbara was confused. She had bathed and groomed herself, but didn't recall being specifically told to shave her pubic area. "...I didn't think that meant shaving, Mistress Cheryl. "

"Well you didn't think right. How about the enema. Did you give yourself an enema and douche before coming tonight?"

"I douched, Mistress Cheryl, but I didn't know I had to give myself an enema." Barbara began tearing again. She had hoped for a light punishment, but it didn't appear as though that was going to be the case tonight.

"Well, from now on, we'll have to give you one whenever we get together. Just to be on the safe side. You're like a little girl -- can't be trusted to do what you're told to. Take your hands down and get your nipples hard for our guest!"

Barbara's hands leaped from behind her head and began massaging her nipples. Cheryl had reminded her of Mr. Bryant's presence and her face glowed red with shame. She thought about her buttocks and how much they still hurt from the earlier whipping with the belt. She hoped she wouldn't be paddled again. She looked at her breasts and saw the nipples beginning to firm up and stand out. She expected they would soon be subjected to the clothespins.

"That will do." Cheryl opened her hand in front of Barbara's eyes. "I bought these just for you this week. Do you like them?"

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl. Thank you, Mistress Cheryl" Barbara looked at what Cheryl was holding out. They appeared to be metal clips with tiny teeth on the jaws and a small chain dangling from each one. At the end of each chain was a snap to which one could attach things, or snap them together. The teeth on the jaws looked menacing and she shuddered at the thought of them biting into her tender nipples.

"Good." Cheryl replied with a sneer. "Because at the rate you're going, you're going to be wearing them an awful lot." She stepped up and attached one of the clips to Barbara's right breast. She smiled as she noticed the slave wince in pa in as the jaws closed. She attached the remaining clip to the left breast and seemed to take equal pleasure in watching Barbara wince and begin to cry. She reached over and began searching through the bag again. She retrieved a pair of metal weights with an eyelet on each one and held them up for Barbara's perusal. "Pretty?" She asked.

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl." The pain in Barbara's nipples was so great she could hardly speak. She winced once more as Cheryl grabbed one of the chains and attached the weights to the snap. Cheryl held it up high enough to tighten the chain and cause it to stretch Barbara's breast. A big grin spread across Cheryl's face as Barbara recoiled with the pain and the tears flowed down her cheeks. A bigger smile appeared as Cheryl suddenly released the ball and let it drop, pulling the chain even tighter. Barbara heard a slight "ow" escape from her mouth, but shut her eyes and bit her lip hoping no one else heard. Cheryl repeated the ritual with the other breast. Barbara was afraid to look at her tits. She was sure the clamps teeth had drawn blood. Her nightmare peaked when Cheryl reached back into the bag and pulled out the paddle.

"How many strokes do you deserve, Barbara?" Cheryl smacked the paddle against her palm as she surveyed the trembling woman.

Barbara remembered the last time she was asked and didn't answer. She was determined that would not happen again. She was tempted to say "None" but knew that would not be acceptable and might even anger Cheryl more.

"Ten, Mistress Cheryl" As she replied, Barbara felt her buttocks tighten and squeeze together, as if they were anticipating additional pain.

"TEN?" Cheryl appeared flabbergasted. "I would think with your behavior lately that ten strokes would hardly be enough to teach you a lesson. I was thinking of ten times ten -- 100 strokes. What do have to say about that?"

There was no way Barbara could withstand 100 strokes of the paddle against her already hurting behind. Her lips began to tremble as she tried to think of some way to convince Cheryl to lessen the punishment.

"Please, Mistress Cheryl. My ass is so sore from the belt whipping I had earlier, that I couldn't possible bear 100 strokes. I'm not sure I can bear 10 right now. Please have mercy on me, Mistress Cheryl. I promise to keep my pussy shaved and to give myself an enema and douche from now one. And, believe me, I'll treat you with respect and won't ever refuse to obey again. Please, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara hoped the use of dirty words would impress Cheryl and soften her up enough to be more lenient.

"I'll tell you what I'll do. I'll cut that to 10 strokes IF you do 30 jumping jacks for us. You must come to a complete stop at the completion of each jumping jack and allow the weights to fall completely. Count each one, out loud, then go on to the next. Do that and I'll reduce your punishment to 10 strokes, but, mind you, they'll be 10 strong strokes. Agreed?" Cheryl looked at Barbara and waited for her reply.

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl. Agreed." Barbara had forgotten about the weights attached to her breasts and wondered what would be worse. Maybe, she thought, the clamps won't hurt as much as 100 strokes of the paddle. She was willing to risk it.

"OK. Turn sideways so we all can see your titties bouncing and begin when you're ready." Cheryl sat herself down on the sofa next to John and put her hand around the inside of his thigh. She saw the look in Barbara's eyes and knew she had observed this maneuver. It delighted her knowing she was hurting Barbara as much mentally as physically. That's what it was all about. Not the pain, but the submission to her every command.

Barbara turned sideways and prepared to do her "exercise". From this position she could see everyone in the room out the corner of her eyes and saw they were all looking at her. She jumped and spread her legs wide and raised her hands above her head then jumped again and placed feet together, hands at her sides. The weights fell with great force and she felt an excruciating pain shoot through her tits.

"One." Barbara counted as she cried. Twenty-nine to go she thought. She tried to keep her mind off the pain as she prepared to jumped again. She fixed her eyes on the cobwebs in the corner of the room. Cheryl had never been much at house work, she thought. Spending too much time thinking up ways to torture me.

"Two." Another one down. Then another, and another, and another. With each jumping jack, the pain increased. Barbara was sure her nipples were in shreds and was afraid to look. She bit her lower lip and continued. When she had completed 20, she thought she wouldn't be able to go on, but, for some reason, her body continued. She looked at everything in the room during this ordeal -- especially Cheryl and John. She was infuriated that Cheryl had not yet bothered to put some clothes on. Here she was nude and loving up to her husband while she was being subjected to such brutal and degrading treatment. When she looked at the leering Mr. Bryant, she felt his burning eyes on her body. She tried not to think of what her tits looked like bouncing up and down with chains attached, or about Mr. Bryant watching her vagina open wide with each Jumping Jack. She gathered her strength and withstood the pain as she completed the last one. Now, she remembered, came the paddling. Once more her ass tightened at the thought. She returned to her original position and got up enough nerve to glance down at her aching nipples. To her surprise, there was very little blood and, aside from looking very red and sore, there appeared to be no real damage. She couldn't understand how there could be so much pain and so little visible damage. She wondered if they would return to their original shape once the clips were removed. She felt her ass twitch again and made a mental attempt to prevent them from doing it again. She knew Mr. Bryant, seated behind her now, had his eyes glued to her naked, red butt and still felt embarrassed by it.

Cheryl stopped rubbing John's crotch and went over to Barbara. She had not expected her to last for 30 jumping jacks with the weights on the clips. She felt disappointed and vowed to get heavier weights for the next time she would need them. She reached down and picked up the paddle as she looked at John and winked.

"Now for the real punishment." She said to the exhausted Barbara. "I told you they would be strong ones. The trouble is, I don't have the strength to administer 10 strong strokes. My arm is sore from rubbing your husband's cock all night. "She watched Barbara's chin drop to her chest in despair. "So I'll just have John do it." She held out the paddle to John who was taken by complete surprise by this turn of events.

John reluctantly took the paddle from Cheryl's outreached hand and stood up. His hard-on was obvious to everyone including Barbara, whose eyes widened when Cheryl made that announcement. He didn't know if he had it in him to spank his wife. He had always been a softy with women and Barbara, although his wife, was no exception. He positioned himself behind his trembling wife.

"Now John I want you to know that if I don't think you're swinging hard enough, I'll not count that stroke." Cheryl teasingly egged John on. "So, if you think anything of your wife, you'll give her 10 of the hardest smacks you can."

Cheryl turned her head to Barbara. She gazed at the frightened look in the girl's eyes and cupped her hand under her chin to lift her head slightly.

"Barbara, bend over and put your hands on the coffee table. Keep your legs spread and brace yourself. Remember to count each stroke out loud." Having said that, Cheryl returned to her seat on the sofa and awaited the start of the paddling.

Barbara bent over as directed and felt the cool air on her puckered anus. She blushed again when she realized that her asshole was now completely visible to Mr. Bryant and her husband. She realized, too, that her vagina, covered with dried dog cum and her own juices, was equally visible. She felt some relief in knowing that the evening was coming to an end and she would be spared any further embarrassment -- until the next time.

She felt the first strike land and she nearly lost her balance at the force of the blow. Instantly her ass felt a burning, stinging pain. "One, thank you." She spoke, remembering to add the 'thank you' as she was told to the last time. "Two, thank you." By the time the tenth blow had landed, Barbara's face was covered with tears and the inside of her cheek was raw from her biting it in an attempt to brace against the pain. She remained in her bent position as John went back to the sofa and sat down next to Cheryl. She thought about standing up and assuming her normal position but her butt ached so much she didn't dare move. "Better to wait for an order and give myself as much time as possible to recuperate." she said to hers elf. She became aware of movement on the sofa and of someone walking towards her.

"Stand up an assume your position!" Cheryl barked the order out in a manner that left no doubt that she was aggravated.

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara started crying all over again as she strained to get to her feet with as little movement of her buttocks as she could. The tone of Cheryl's voice made her tremble and she prayed she had done nothing which would warrant further punishment. She stood in the center of the room in her normal position wondering what would come next. She had assumed the punishment would put an end to the evening's affair.

"I bought you something else, Barbara, in honor of tonight's "deflowering", should we say?" Cheryl reached back into her bag and withdrew another package. This one was boxed and gift wrapped. She handed it to Barbara and ordered her to open it.

"Thank you, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara chortled as she took the package from Cheryl's hand. She began to unwrap it and noticed the wrapping paper was a juvenile design depicting paintings from the Walt Disney movie of "Lady And The Tramp". When she realized the significance of the paper, she blushed again. Under the paper was a plain white cardboard box, similar to the kind used to package costume jewelry. She opened the box and took off the top layer of cotton to reveal a rather large, black dog collar. She removed the collar from the box and looked at it for a moment. It was leather, about 3/4" wide with silver rivets running the length of it. Attached to the ring used to hold leashes and dog licenses was a chrome metal plate shaped like a dog bone. Barbara flicked it over and noticed the engraving. It read:

My name is Barbara I belong to Cheryl

###-####

Cheryl removed the collar from Barbara's hand and fastened it around her neck. She took one step back to admire it.

"I think it looks very pretty on you. Yes, pretty and ... and ...fitting." Cheryl grinned. "Don't I get a thank you hug?"

Barbara sobbed and leaned forward and wrapped her arms loosely around Cheryl. She felt their naked breasts touch and Cheryl's arms go around her and pull her closer. Cheryl's hands slid down to Barbara's burning cheeks and forced them open as her finger started to probe the opening between them. The stinging touch caused Barbara to instinctively buck her hips forward to escape the pain, but it also forced her pubis to mash against Cheryl's. Cheryl tossed her head back and smiled at Barbara before releasing her hold and stepping back again.

"I'm glad you like it so much Barbara. Not because I picked it out, but because you are to remove this collar only when you bathe. Other than that, it remains around your neck -- no matter where you go, or what you do. If I ever catch you, or hear about you, not wearing it, you will deeply regret it." Cheryl turned around and faced John. "John, I want you to report any infraction of this rule to me immediately! Promise?"

John blushed. He was caught in the middle and didn't want to side against either woman, but it seemed much more practical to agree to Cheryl's request at this time.

"Yeah. Sure, Cheryl." He blurted out. He looked at his wife who was staring at him with disbelief in her eyes.

"Oh, I almost forgot. There's something else I had made for your." Cheryl hurriedly returned to the bag and retrieved a small black picture frame. She held it up and instructed Barbara to read it aloud.

Barbara swallowed and began reading the fancy, hand drawn, calligraphy within the frame.

"Certificate." Her vision blurred by the tears, Barbara continued. "This will acknowledge that Barbara L. Morris, having had sexual intercourse with a member of the canine family, and having said sexual intercourse witnessed by at least three persons, is hereby bestowed the title "BITCH" and shall henceforth be entitled to all the honors, benefits and shame such title brings"

By the time Barbara finished reading, the glass on the picture frame was covered with her tears. The reminder of her lowest point caused her stomach to turn. She had to fight back the vomit.

"That..." Cheryl broke in, "should be on display where everyone can see it. You have no idea how much a calligrapher gets to make up something like that. Put it on your TV. I'll be looking for it when I visit."

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara's head still hung down and her eyes looked at the certificate she held. The collar was bad enough, the certificate sitting on her living room TV would be impossible to hide from company. She began sobbing uncontrollably.

"Speaking of visiting," Cheryl was reveling in Barbara's misery and was not about to let up so soon. "we'll pick you up on Tuesday at about 10 o'clock. John will be at work and the kids in school so that will give us some time to do some shopping for things you'll be needing. Do me a favor and go out Monday and buy yourself one of those real short mini skirts all the kids are wearing today. You know, the ones that barely cover your ass. Just get a plain white blouse to go with it. You needn't bother with any lingerie or underwear -- you won't be needing them. Get yourself ready, but don't get dressed until we get there. We have to give you the enema, you know. That reminds me. Make sure you have a good 2 quart enema bag available. Other than that, I'm through for tonight. Sit down on the floor right there, cross your legs Indian fashion, and wait until we say good bye to Mr. Bryant." Cheryl then looked over at Mr. Bryant.

"Mr. Bryant, I certainly hope you enjoyed yourself tonight and that you saw everything you wanted to." She addressed him in an overly polite manner and with a big smile.

"I certainly did, Cheryl." Mr. Bryant got up from his seat and shook the wrinkles out of his pants legs. "I saw more tonight than I ever dreamed of seeing in my lifetime. If you don't mind, I'd like a copy of that video tape when you can get around to making one." He started to the door, hesitated and looked back at Cheryl. "Can I talk to you a minute?"

"Of course." Cheryl replied. "Just let me throw something on and we'll talk outside." She ran to the bedroom and returned wearing a robe and slippers.

Barbara sat on the floor looking straight ahead at John. Behind him was a window through which she could observe the heads of Cheryl and Mr. Bryant. Whatever they were talking about seemed to please Cheryl immensely. She watched Cheryl jump up and down and throw her arms around Mr. Bryant and kiss his face wildly. She was about to say something to John when she noticed the couple break up the conversation and Cheryl walking back to the apartment.

"GREAT NEWS, EVERYBODY!" Cheryl burst through the door dancing. "Mr. Bryant is going to give Don that big promotion. Isn't that wonderful?" She didn't wait for a reply. "Better yet, He's being transferred to Denver to run that office. Don's always dreamed of living in Colorado." She glanced over at John and formed an "o" with her thumb and forefinger.

Instantly Barbara felt a great sense of relief. If Don and Cheryl moved to Denver her ordeal would be over and she could go back to her normal life. She was elated. She rolled her eyes towards John and smiled when she noticed him look at her. She had become so excited she even bounced off the floor. Big mistake. The landing made her butt sting like it had just been whipped all over again.

"Look, John. I've really had it for tonight. I think I'm going to turn in and dream about Don in Denver. Don't think I'm rude." Cheryl walked over and stood in front of Barbara and opened her robe. "How about a little good night kiss, Barbara."

Barbara looked up and saw Cheryl's vagina directly in front of her face. She moved her hands up and spread the lips and moved her head towards it. She had come to accept kissing and licking another woman's vagina. After what she had been through tonight, it seemed like a perfectly natural thing to do. She slipped her tongue inside and began lapping. After a moment, Cheryl closed her legs and moved away chuckling. She had won again, Barbara thought. She got up, put on her rain coat and left, John following right behind.

*********

Once in the car, Barbara couldn't wait to tell John how relieved she was to know that Cheryl would be moving to Denver. She was amazed when he had absolutely no reaction.

"Aren't you happy that she's leaving?" Barbara asked. She closed her eyes, afraid of what the answer would be. After all she'd been through, she couldn't bear to lose John.

"Let's not count our chickens." John sounded somber. "We're not sure Don will accept the promotion and transfer yet.

"What do you mean? You heard Cheryl say he had dreamed of living there."

"yeah" John just kept looking at the road ahead.

"John, I've got to know. Please be honest with me. Do you really love me or has Cheryl gotten to you. Please, I've got to know the answer."

John thought for a moment then pulled the car over to the side of the road. He turned sideways and looked directly at Barbara.

"The truth, Barbara, is this. I have always loved you. You have given me everything I could ever hope for. I will always love you. Have no fear, Cheryl will never be able to replace you."

"Thanks John. You have no idea how much that means to me. At times it seemed to me that you were actually enjoying all of this."

"To tell you the truth, I am. Let's face it. Our sex life the last few years has been hum drum, at best. This has excited me. Cheryl's power over you excites me. Maybe I'm kinky, but I feel sexier now than I ever have. I'm sorry if that 's not what you want to hear, but that's the way it is. Given a choice, I'd rather go on like this than to return to the way it was." John turned back and stared out the windshield. He had finally confessed his true feelings to Barbara.

Barbara sat stunned. For the longest while she did not know what to say.

"And what about me? You say you love me, but have you no concern for my feelings?" She looked at his profile and waited for his reply.

"For chrissakes Barbara. What about you? You act like you're the only woman on Earth who's done those things. Aside from the punishments, and I'm going to talk to Cheryl about that when I call her tomorrow, you haven't been physically hurt at all."

A knot formed in the bottom of Barbara's stomach. It sounded like he talked to Cheryl on a daily basis. And what about Cheryl asking him to inform her of any rules infraction she commits. Was there something going on?

"All right, John, what's going on between you and Cheryl. Do you two plan these things with each other? How could you? Just exactly what do you know that you're not telling me?"

John turned the key and started the car. He pulled out onto the highway and drove, aware of Barbara staring at him, waiting for an answer.

"Cheryl plans everything. I have nothing to do with that. She called me a couple of times to let me know what she had planned, but never asks for my ideas. I wouldn't have any anyway. I knew about her plans for tonight, and that she wanted to impress Don's boss so that he'd give Don that promotion. But I had nothing to do with the plans."

"And you didn't object when she brought up the dog thing?" Barbara was dumfounded.

"NO I DIDN'T! To tell you the truth, I've always wanted to see that myself. I don't think she'd listen if I did object. She's not exactly an understanding person. Now, please, don't ask me anymore questions. I promised Cheryl not to divulge anything to you and I plan to keep that promise. I really don't want to lose you, but if it comes down to it, I'd have a tough time deciding. The decision is yours. You can go on like this and still stay married to me and have a nice home for your kids, or you can put an end to it -- and pay the consequences. It's your decision. Make it! Just leave me alone.

The rest of the drive home was long and quiet. Barbara thought about what John had said. As the time passed, she began to feel sorry for him. She knew he was a good man and this mess have him on edge and confused. If need be, she would go on and on like this before she lost him and the kids. Her consolation was hearing him say how much he cared for her. As the car pulled into the drive, she touched his hand.

"I love, John. I'll do anything for you." She whispered.

That night, after Barbara had showered and cleaned herself up and gone to bed, they had sex. GREAT SEX! Barbara had finally gotten the relief she had craved earlier. As she slept, she dreamt of Cheryl.





Chapter Four: The Outing

Barbara stood staring at the outfit she had purchased for today's shopping trip with Cheryl. The black leather mini-skirt looked like it belonged on a 12 year-old, not a woman her age who was the mother of two. When she tried it on at the store, she had to buy a smaller size just to get the effect of 'barely covering your ass' that Cheryl had directed her to buy. It did barely cover her ass. If she were to bend over or reach for anything, the skirt rode up and exposed everything worth covering. The blouse she chose was a plain, button front, white cotton. After she had gotten it home, Barbara noticed the fabric was so thin that she could see her hand through it. God only knew what it would be like when she put it on without a bra. She was going to exchange it for a more conservative one, but could not find the time to do so. She rationalized that, with this skirt, who would be looking at the blouse anyway. She exhaled deeply and placed the outfit on hangers so they would be ready to put on when Cheryl arrived.

As she was under the warm mist of her shower, Barbara thought back to what Cheryl had said about today's trip. Barbara swore Cheryl kept saying 'we' will do this and 'we' will pick you up, etc. She wondered who the 'we' were. She knew that one person was obviously Cheryl, but who, and how many others? She wondered if they were the same girls that were at Cheryl's the night she served as maid and whatever. She hoped not. She doubted she could face, let alone talk to, them ever again. She kept wondering as she grabbed the razor and began shaving between her legs. When completed, she rinsed one final time and stepped out of the shower to dry off. On the vanity was her douche kit. She readied everything, douched and cleaned the nozzle and bag before putting it away. As an afterthought, she took the enema bag she had also purchased yesterday and cleaned it thoroughly in preparation for later use. As she cleaned, she wished she had told Cheryl that she had indeed given herself an enema before arriving for Mr. Bryant's private show. If she had done so, she would have been spared the embarrassment of having to have another woman administer it to her in front of others. "What's done is done." she mused while putting the bag and accessories back into the box. She slipped the dog collar around her neck, studied herself in the mirror for a moment, put on her robe and clicked off the light as she left the room.

Barbara walked into the kitchen and looked at the clock. "45 minutes to go." she said to herself. "Nothing to do now but wait." She poured herself a glass of Coke and sat down at the table to pass the time. She thought about John and the conversations they had over the weekend. He seemed like a new man since they left Cheryl's. He was still loving and caring but he sported a more open air about him. She had never known John to be so open and straight forward with her before. He made it absolutely clear to her that he was satisfied with the status quo and, though he felt sorry for her having to put up with Cheryl's domination, she was the one ultimately responsible for it. She had to agree. One thing was certain. His appetite for sex had certainly increased. Every time the opportunity presented itself, he was grabbing her breasts or shoving his hand up her dress. She was happy to see the improvement in their relationship. At least something good has come out of all this. As for herself, there were times when she was willing to risk everything and tell Cheryl to go to hell, but then her fear of the consequences of such action prevented her from doing so.

As she sat thinking about John's kiss good-bye and his wishing her luck before he left for work, Barbara heard the slamming of car doors. She peered out the back window and noticed Cheryl, Beth and another girl she didn't recognize walking to her door. She wasn't sure whether she should greet them in her robe or to remove it and answer the door nude. As the first wave of shame came over her, she decided she would leave the robe on. She walked slowly to the back door and opened it just as the trio had approached.

"Hi, Barbara. I see you've gotten yourself all ready." Cheryl said as she filed past Barbara.

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl" Barbara's voice seemed to have left her and the reply came out a mere whisper.

Cheryl stopped dead in her tracks, turned and looked at Barbara as the others filed through the open door.

"What's that you said? Speak up! I can barely hear you." Cheryl spoke with raised eyebrows.

Barbara cleared her throat and attempted to reply again.

"I'm sorry, Mistress Cheryl. I said 'Yes, Mistress Cheryl.'." Her voiced now boomed. Barbara felt embarrassed about both replies. She looked at the Beth and the other girl staring at her. The newcomer seemed vaguely familiar to her, but Barbara just could not place the name with the face. She closed the door and led her guests into the kitchen.

"Barbara, I know you remember Beth but do you remember who this is?" Cheryl wrapped her arm around the girl.

Barbara looked the girl up and down. She appeared to be in her late teens, early 20's. Her skin was perfect. It flawlessly covered her 5' 4" frame in a tautness one only saw in younger women. Her breasts, while not exceptionally large, we re ample for a girl her size and seemed to be about the same size as her hips. Barbara remembered the green eyes but still could not put a name on the girl in front of her.

"I'm sorry, Mistress Cheryl, I know I know her, but I can't seem to remember her name." Barbara was still quizzically looking at the girl as she answered Cheryl.

"Shame on you. This is June Webster. I ran into her while shopping one day and we started talking about old times. Your name came up and she said you used to baby-sit her when she was younger. Well, she's 18 now, and planning to enter college this fall. When I was planning this outing, I thought it would be a good idea to bring her along. She jumped at the chance." Cheryl had that knowing look in her eye and smirk on her lips.

As soon as the name was mentioned, Barbara remembered June. She remembered her as the most precocious, spoiled and misbehaved little brat she had ever had to baby-sit. She remembered that June had a brother, one year her junior, who was just the opposite. As a matter of fact, Barbara recalled, she thought he had somewhat of a crush on her. That was years ago, Barbara thought. She imagined how June reacted when Cheryl told her about her 'sex slave', and was sure she jumped at the chance to get even at Barbara. Of all the people Barbara had ever known, none would look forward to torturing and humiliating her more than June Webster.

"Yes. Now I remember. How are you June?" Barbara put on her best happy face as she greeted June. "And how is Paul, your brother?"

"Paul and I are very well, thank you Barbara. But haven't you forgotten something?" The girl looked straight at Barbara and returned the phony smile.

"What's that?" Barbara tried to remember some detail that June was referring to, but couldn't come up with a thing.

"Well ... from what I hear ..., It should be 'Mistress June'."

Beth broke out in heavy laughter as Barbara reeled backward from the shock. Cheryl, too, had to laugh at the boldness June displayed to her former disciplinarian.

"She's right, you know." Was all Cheryl could say before breaking up again.

Barbara regained her composure and glared at the kid. "She hasn't changed one bit." she thought. Remembering her situation, Barbara knew she would have to be on her best behavior today in order to avoid the wrath of this kid from hell. She bit her tongue and replied in her most courteous voice.

"I'm sorry, Mistress June." The words 'Mistress June' shot from her mouth like an arrow aimed at a villain's heart. "It won't happen again. I was so glad to see you again that I forgot where I was."

"You didn't forget where you are. You forgot who you are." Again June returned the arrow. "But I'll forgive you. I know how happy you are to see me here. I just know this is going to be a perfect day." The sarcasm in June's utterance was evident to everyone present.

Cheryl was taken aback by June's brashness and began to have second thoughts about inviting her along. It seem to her that June was attempting to control the day and Cheryl didn't want that to happen. Barbara was hers -- all hers. She might not object to loaning Barbara to someone temporarily, As Mr. Bryant had suggested to her yesterday on the phone, but it had to be understood that Cheryl, and only Cheryl, had absolute control over her. She decided the time had come to assert her authority and she stepped in front of June to address her slave.

"We had better get a move on here. Look at the time. Remember we have to be back by 2:30, at the latest, so you can be here when the kids get home. Let's get that robe off so I can check to see if you're ready." Cheryl grabbed the robe's sash and, with one tug, pulled it free from the robe.

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara slid the robe off her shoulders and laid it over the back of a chair. She shot a quick glance at June and noticed the smirk on the brat's face.

"C'mon, we don't have all day! Assume the position!" Cheryl admonished.

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara clasped her hands behind her head and spread her legs.

Barbara noticed that June had moved to a position directly in front of her. Embarrassed at her very obvious station within this circle, she looked past the young girl and out the window behind her. She felt Cheryl rubbing her freshly shaved pubic mound and bend over to examine it.

"Very good. You remembered to shave this time. Did you douche?" Cheryl peered up from her vantage point at Barbara's thighs to look the young housewife in the eyes.

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara's face was getting redder and redder.

"Let's check, shall we? Spread those pussy lips wide open so I can see how clean you are." Cheryl's actions were clearly designed to display her power over, and to humiliate, Barbara in front of the newcomer in the group.

Barbara reached down and spread the lips of her vagina as directed. She kept looking straight ahead as Cheryl's finger prodded the outer edges of her vagina before forcefully plunging deep inside. She felt the finger withdraw and saw Cheryl stand up holding it to her nose. The next thing she knew, Cheryl's finger was poised on her lower lip. Barbara knew what was expected of her and opened her lips to accept the moistened digit. She saw Cheryl gloating as she moved the finger in and out of her mouth, She glanced back at June who seemed deeply absorbed in the entire scene as she watched Barbara's face for any reaction. Barbara's eyelids closed for an instant and she felt a tear form in the corner of one eye. She heard Cheryl proclaim 'very good' as the finger withdrew.

"Go get your enema bag, and bring out the outfit you bought for today. I'd like to take a look at it before you put it on." Cheryl barked the order out like a grade school teacher.

Barbara hurried out of the kitchen and returned within minutes carrying two wooden hangers, upon which her outfit hung, and the box with the enema bag inside. She hung the clothes on the trim around the doorway leading to the living room and handed the box to Cheryl before re-assuming her position. She watched Cheryl hand the box to Beth and disappear behind her, she assumed to check her new clothes. Her eyes followed Beth as the nurse opened the box and spilled the contents onto the table. Beside the bag and hose, the kit contained 3 nozzles. One nozzle was the adult enema nozzle, another a juvenile enema nozzle and the third, longer, thicker, ribbed nozzle was meant to be used as a douching nozzle. Beth surveyed all three be fore picking up the douche nozzle and attaching it to one end of the hose. Barbara wanted to tell her that she had the wrong nozzle, but kept quiet. She was determined to avoid any punishment whatsoever today. She'd be damn if she give June the satisfaction of watching her get spanked.

Beth attached the other end of the hose to the bag and adjusted the clip to prevent water flowing through it. When satisfied that everything was in good working order, she strode over to the sink and began to fill it up with cool water. She noticed the dish detergent on the counter and decided to add a generous amount to the water. When the bag was stretched to its maximum, she turned the water tap off and screwed the stopper into the top then turned around to look for Cheryl.

"I'm all ready to go. Where are we going to do this?" She asked, when she noticed Cheryl standing to the side, and slightly to the rear, of Barbara.

"Oh, I think the table will do fine." Cheryl replied. She put her hand in the small of Barbara's back and gave a little shove. "Go Lean over the table, feet on the floor and spread apart, of course." She ordered.

Barbara stumbled over to the table and placed herself as directed. At Cheryl's command, she reached behind and spread the cheeks of her butt wide apart exposing her opening. A moment later she felt the nozzle probing it. She was suddenly a ware that neither the nozzle, nor her anus, had been lubricated. Just as she was going to yell "Wait", the nozzle broke past the tight barrier and was inside her. She nearly lost her grip on her buttocks as she recoiled from the pain. The sharp pa in was followed immediately by the sensation of cool liquid filling her bowels. Within a couple of minutes, Barbara started to feel the discomfort of being filled. She struggled to hold all the liquid in and, in the process, her teeth clenched her lower lip. The volume of liquid within her distended her lower abdomen and the pressure was tremendous -- too much for her to bear.

"Please, Mistress Cheryl. May I speak?" Barbara pleaded with tear filled eyes.

"What is it?" Cheryl answered, annoyed by the interruption.

"I ... I can't hold any more. I'm sorry, Mistress Cheryl, I just can't!" Her agony clearly showed on Barbara's face.

Cheryl look at Beth who just shrugged her shoulders and pursed her lips. With a nod of Cheryl's head, Beth clicked off the flow control and began to remove the nozzle.

"Oh, wait a minute before you take that out." June interrupted while frantically rummaging through her oversized purse. "Can I just get one picture of this? I'm sure Paul would like to see what Barbara looks like after all these years."

"Make it quick, and just one!" Cheryl answered. She found the idea of June showing a picture of Barbara, in this position, to Paul amusing.

Barbara watched as June positioned herself for a side-view photo of her. Her face was looking directly at the camera when the flash went off and caused instant blindness. She closed her eyes and cried a little more. She had been psyching herself up for this day all weekend. When she kissed John goodbye this morning, she thought that she was mentally prepared for anything that would happen today, and was determined not to show her embarrassment or pain to anyone. She hadn't planned on June, however. Her presence here had completely undermined all of Barbara's mental conditioning. When she reopened her eyes, she saw June and Cheryl huddled around the picture in June's hand waiting for the development process to complete itself. They looked like two school kids looking at a National Geographic magazine. She turned her head and faced the other direction while Beth slowly withdrew the enema nozzle from her. She heard someone, she thought Cheryl, tell her to go relieve hers elf and get cleaned up again. Barbara didn't have to be told a second time. She quickly ran from the table to the bathroom amidst the laughter of the other girls.

As Barbara reentered the kitchen she noticed the girls all looking at the picture and laughing. She saw June look up at her and drop her head back while she exclaimed how much her baby brother is going to enjoy the picture she took. This was the first occasion of this sort where John was not present to lend Barbara at least some moral support. Feeling completely lost and without hope, she re-assumed her position and waited.

"C'mon, girl. Let's get a move on." Cheryl clapped her hands together as she spoke. "We don't have much time to do what we have to and be back in time for the kids. Get your clothes on and let's get out of here."

Barbara scurried to her clothes and began dressing. When she put the blouse on, she saw that it was much worse than she had imagined. Her darker nipples were clearly visible through the white material and, worse, the brushing of the material against them made her nipples more erect and much more noticeable. She was sorry now that she had not taken the time out to return the blouse to the store and pick out another one. She wiggled into the skirt and noticed it, too, was worse than she had remembered. If she stood straight up, with hands at her sides, and did not move, she felt the hem of the skirt hit her near, but not quite at, the bottom of her cheeks. She took a deep breath and tried to push the waist down a little further, but it was a futile attempt. As soon as she inhaled again, the skirt was right back in place. The tears started again as Cheryl grabbed her arm and spun her around for the girls to see. As a final insult, Cheryl unbuttoned one more button on the blouse proclaiming that everyone should be able to see her 'pretty necklace'. Barbara also noticed that anyone as tall as she, or taller, would also be able to see her entire breasts without craning their neck. She wondered how in the world she could ever go out in public dressed like this. She knew she would surely be arrested.

Barbara locked the back door and walked over to the car where Cheryl was holding the door open for her. Cheryl instructed her to sit in the back. She blushed as she bent to enter the back seat of the 2-door car and Beth whistle indicating Barbara's privates were in clear view. She heard June giggle a little girl giggle and she gritted her teeth as she sat down. Beth crawled in beside her while June went around the car and sat in the front next to Cheryl, who was the driver. As Cheryl looked out the rear window prior to backing out, Beth grabbed Barbara's knee and spread her legs apart. Barbara complied in silence.

During the drive, the three girls chatted about everything under the sun, except about Barbara and what they had planned for the day. Barbara would have joined in the conversation, but was afraid to speak without asking permission, and decided that what she had to say wasn't worth the additional embarrassment. Her silence was first noticed by Cheryl.

"Why so quiet, Barbara?" Cheryl asked as she viewed Barbara through the rear view mirror. "Doesn't our conversation interest you? Or do you have other things on your mind?"

Before Barbara had the opportunity to answer, Beth chimed in.

"Oh, I know what Barbara has on her mind." Beth giggled. "I have what interests her right here." Beth began searching through her pocketbook and finally pulled out a dildo which closely resembled a male penis in looks and feel. She held it up and asked Barbara "Is this what interests you, Barbara? Is this what you want?"

Barbara appeared to be at a loss for words and did not know how to answer the question. She saw Cheryl looking through the mirror again and noticed that June had spun around and was watching with glee. That object certainly was not what Barbara had on her mind, but if she answered negatively, it might be taken badly, or something more vile would be brought up. In a panic, she answered the safest way she knew.

"Yes, Mistress Beth."

"Well then, you shall have it. But first, let me 'flavor' it a bit for you"

Barbara watched as Beth put the dildo under her own dress and sat back with a large grin as her arm moved back and forth a few strokes before reappearing with the dildo, now dripping with aromatic pussy juices. When Beth began moving towards her, Barbara spread her legs a little wider in anticipation of the insertion. To her surprise, Beth told her to "Open up and say 'ahhh'." Barbara was bewildered by the request. She opened her mouth and began to say "ahhh" but the insertion of the dildo into her mouth cut her words short. She was caught completely off guard by the sudden thrust of the rubber penis into her mouth. Her eyes flung wide open and she saw the laughter on June's face. She sat there, in tears, as Beth told her to work it in and out with her hand and to pretend she was giving some guy a blow job. She complied and began to suck and move the dildo in and out of her mouth. She heard Beth suggest that she use her other hand on her pussy to get herself off. Again she complied. As the car sped along the busy highway, Barbara was too embarrassed to look out the window for fear of seeing a passerby staring at her. She slid down a little further in her seat to avoid such notice but pretended the maneuver was designed to effect better penetration of her finger into her pussy. She closed her eyes and began drifting off. The car's swaying soon became the gentle motion of a water bed. The fingers now touching the tender areas on the inside of her thighs were those of her husband, John. The swooning had begun, accompanied by the characteristic low moans. Her hips instinctively moved in rhythm with the prodding fingers and the petting on the inside of her legs. Her journey to paradise had begun. The swaying ended abruptly with a jolt as the penis was yanked from her mouth. Barbara opened her eyes to the leering faces of three smiling women. She was shocked by the reality of where she was and embarrassed that she had allowed herself to fall victim to her inner body's cravings so early in the day. She glanced down at Beth's hand still stroking her thigh and at her hand with 3 fingers still inserted deeply inside her. She looked at Beth and thought back to her last encounter with her and the heavenly feeling of her tongue on the spot her hand now occupied. Suddenly, she felt disgust and quickly removed her hand and sat up.

"First stop. Everybody out." Cheryl exclaimed as she turned the key to shut off the car.

Barbara looked out the window. She had no idea where she was. A sign above the shop in front of her read: "Jule's Leather Goods -- Coats, Luggage, Riding Equipment & Specialties". In the window were various sets of gorgeous leather suitcases as well as many different travel accessories. She wondered what Cheryl could possible have in mind stopping here. It then occurred to her that Cheryl must be going to buy luggage for her move to Colorado. The thought of that happening lightened her load and made the day seem a little brighter. The seat in front of her was pulled forward and the three girls were standing around the door waiting for her to emerge. She struggled to get out with revealing the least amount of flesh to her audience. In one way, she thought, they were doing her a big favor. In their desire to watch her get out of the car and humiliate herself, they formed a perfect shield against anyone happening by. She gave one last push and planted her feet firmly on the ground. The car door slammed and the group of women followed Cheryl into the store.

Once inside the small shop, Cheryl led the group past the stares of browsing customers directly to a doorway located at the very rear of the display area. Barbara wondered at first why they were bypassing all the luggage, but thought that, perhaps, Cheryl had already purchased her luggage and was just going to pick them up. As she walked through the second doorway, she gasped and realized the real purpose of their stop here. The small room resembled a dungeon with an abundance of mannequins wearing collars, cuffs, leather hoods, etc. Several mannequins were arranged in bizarre positions and held there by various forms of chains and bars, while others sported devices attached to their nipples, vaginas and penises. Most of these mannequins also featured different forms of gags and blindfolds around their heads. The walls of the room displayed all sorts of whips and paddles. Barbara shuddered at the sight. Her eyes were agape at the many spectacles on display before them. She vowed she would try her best to prevent any punishment that might entail the use of any of these articles of true torture.

A salesman approached and began talking to Cheryl. Barbara did not pay attention to what was being said. She was busy looking at the displays around her. She noticed that several of the customers from the front of the store had followed them and were milling around the mannequins and staring at her. She blinked and turned her head back towards Cheryl and the salesman.

"To tell you the truth, we have nothing yet." Cheryl was explaining to the older salesman. "I'm really looking for some items that would be used on occasions when discipline would be in order. You know, nipple clamps that adjust to different amounts of pressure, and from which you can hang different size weights. Also, I'd like something for paddling or whipping that would smart, but not raise large welts." Cheryl grabbed Barbara's arm and pulled her to her side. "This is Barbara, my slave..." Cheryl continued. "Her husband raised an objection at my use of a leather belt on her backside the other night and I thought I could find something as effective, but that didn't leave such large marks. I think you can still see where the belt struck in a couple of places. Turn around, Barbara and show the man your poor ass." Cheryl spun Barbara around and pushed her head forward so that Barbara was forced to bend at the waist.

Barbara felt Cheryl lift her skirt hem and tuck it into the waist band while her other hand lightly ran across her exposed rump. She saw Beth in front of her with a slight smile on her lips and June to her side with a hand across her mouth as she giggled uncontrollably. Past them, Barbara noticed that the eyes of the other customers in the room were now glued to the group of girls putting a slave on display. Many of the customers were in awe at the scene and simply stood with mouths opened in amazement. Barbara felt the heat of the blood rushing to her face as she blushed in embarrassment. She had come to realize that no matter how well she had prepared herself to expect the worse, it seemed that the worse she had imagined was never as bad as what actually took place. She yearned for the salesman to ask the others to leave the room until he was through with this customer, but he appeared to be in as much shock as the gawkers were and was completely taken aback by the situation.

"Well, you really can't see them any longer, but if you rub your hand over her cheeks, you can feel what I'm talking about. Here, feel this?" Cheryl grabbed the salesman's hand and placed it on Barbara's buttocks. "Just be careful. She was playing with herself on the way here and I'm afraid she's gotten herself all excited and wet down there."

Barbara could have died from embarrassment when she heard Cheryl tell the salesman that story, although it was true. She could feel the cool air against her wet vagina evaporating the pussy juices. She felt goose bumps form on her cheeks as the salesman's hand wiped slowly and softly across them. His touch made even more juices flow from her pussy. She noticed that the rest of the customers in the room were now completely engrossed in her display. She saw two businessmen slowly edge their way to the rear of the room in order to get a better view of her behind. She closed her eyes and hung her head in despair. The salesman's hand stopped its wandering and Cheryl tugged her into an upright position once more. She heard the salesman ask Cheryl to wait a moment and he disappeared into another back room. He returned carrying what looked like a small whip, but with many ends. He explained to Cheryl that this cat of nine tails was her best bet. The thin tails produced a stinging bite on even a gentle slap, while their rounded edges prevented large welts from forming when swung lightly. Cheryl looked at Barbara and then back to the salesman to finalize the sale.

For the next 45 minutes Barbara was subjected to gross humiliation as she was made to try on several different ball gags, nipple clamps, leather panties with built in dildos and so forth. Her humiliation had become a show for the growing crowd of customers in the back room and they would whistle and applaud their approval after each item was demonstrated. When the session ended, Cheryl had purchased the cat of nine tails, a pair of adjustable nipple clamps with an assortment of dangling weights, a leather gag which sported a 4 inch replica of a very thick penis to be inserted in her mouth and panties with a pair of black dildos built in. The quartet began to leave the shop when Barbara sensed that her skirt had not been taken out of the waist band. In a panic, she stopped short.

"Please may I speak, Mistress Cheryl?" Barbara asked in obvious distress.

"What is it now, Barbara?" Cheryl appeared agitated at the delay.

"I think you forgot to put my skirt back down over my ... ass." Barbara was careful to use the right word. "May I please arrange it, Mistress Cheryl?"

Cheryl looked at Barbara's backside and laughed. "Yes, go ahead." she chuckled. "We don't want the whole world to see your pretty little ass. Do we, Barbara?"

"No, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara answered as she straightened her skirt.

"Tell me, Barbara. Who do you want to see your ass?" Cheryl looked at Barbara's eyes with a sly, half grin on her lips.

Barbara was taken aback by the question. She thought for a moment then lowered her eyes and answered the way she thought Cheryl wanted. "Just you, Mistress Cheryl."

"Oh, really? You mean you don't want John to see your ass -- your own husband?" Cheryl was playing the game again and enjoying every moment. "And how about Beth, after all she's done for you. And June, who was so happy to see you again? You mean, you would deprive them the pleasure of seeing your pretty ass?" She looked deeply into Barbara's eyes with a pouting, inquisitive look.

Barbara never raised her head as she replied. Her full blush was seen by all in the shop. "No, Mistress Cheryl. I want John and Beth and June to see my ass, too." she answered in a very low tone, disappointed that she had answered wrong the first time.

June, who had been standing close alongside Barbara during the exchange, reached over and grabbed Barbara's chin and lifted her head up to face hers. "And what about my brother Paul? Wouldn't you like to have him see your ass. I mean, he once liked you very much and I'm sure it would make his day to see his Barbara's bare ass. Wouldn't you like to give him the enjoyment he'd get from seeing it?"

Panic struck Barbara again. How could she answer that question? Having a teenage boy looking at her naked body was nothing she would ever consent to. She looked as Cheryl with a pleading expression, hoping that she would dismiss June's question and spare her the humiliation of having to answer it.

"Well, Barbara? Answer the question. Wouldn't you like to bring such joy to one of today's youth?" Cheryl was getting excited by this aspect of Barbara's humiliation. She felt her pussy getting wet just thinking about it. She stepped closer to Barbara. "Well, answer June, Barbara."

Y...Y...Yes, Mistress Cheryl. I would like to let Paul see my ass too." At the completion of her answer, June dropped her hand from Barbara's chin and the beaten woman's head slumped against her chest as she began to sob.

"Well, we'll have to see what we can do to arrange it then." Cheryl said and turned and continued towards the front door.

Barbara followed Cheryl out of the store to the cheers and clapping of the spectators. Barbara wondered why Cheryl would spend so much money on these items when she was moving to Colorado so soon. She remembered John telling her not to count her chickens, and she thought that perhaps Don had refused the promotion and transfer. The tears formed but she held them back admirably. The quartet piled back into the car and sped away leaving behind several people who would not soon forget what they had witnessed on this day.

"We only have 2 stops left." Cheryl announced. "Anyone feel like lunch?"

Barbara remained silent while Beth and June both agreed that lunch was a good idea. The car soon pulled into the parking lot of "Les Gourde", a fashionable restaurant frequented by a mostly upscale clientele. Barbara had always wanted to eat here, but couldn't justify paying the prices they demanded for one meal. She would gladly refuse the opportunity to eat here now if it were possible, but for a different, more obvious, reason.

The group entered the restaurant and were greeted by the stares of all who noticed them. Barbara wanted to hide behind the elegant draperies. Many of the patrons looked on in disapproval as the maitre de led them to their table in a far corner of the main dining area. The dining area was decorated in pastels and was very brightly lit by fixtures that looked very elegant and very expensive. The place had a special aurora about it that shouted "class". The waiter handed them all men us but Cheryl grabbed Barbara's out of her hand and handed it back to the waiter explaining that Barbara was not very hungry and would only be having something light which Cheryl would pick out from her menu. The waiter took back the menu with a raised eyebrow and asked the group for their cocktail orders. They all followed Cheryl's suit and ordered frozen strawberry Daiquiris. Cheryl ordered Barbara a beer and asked that it be poured into a bowl. The waiter again raised an eyebrow and disappeared. A few moments later he returned with the drinks. He gave each of the others their cocktail and placed a bowl in front of Barbara. He opened a bottle of beer and poured in slowly into the bowl. When finished, he laid a soup spoon next to the bowl and asked if they were ready to order.

Beth spoke first, ordering the house salad, with French dressing, and the Turkey club. June chose to skip the salad and opted for the open faced steak sandwich. Barbara's mouth was watering as they ordered. She had not realized how hungry she was.

"I'll have the roast beef Au jus." Cheryl said. She touched Barbara's hand and ordered for her. "She'll just have a bowl of the beef broth."

They all handed the menus back to the waiter and watched as he departed.

"A toast." Cheryl raised her glass high and spoke in a loud voice. "To our dearest Barbara ... and all her canine friends."

Barbara blushed and looked down at her bowl. "She would have to bring that up again." she thought to herself. She heard the glasses clink together and return to the table.

"Barbara?" Cheryl touched Barbara's hand again. "This lunch is in honor of your recent show for Mr. Bryant, who, by the way, called and said that he'd like to use your 'special talents' again when a group of buyer's come to town for his annual open house. And my neighbor, Jackie, said thank you for taking such good care of her Rocco. She also asked if you'd be available in the future. I told them both that we'd have to see how well behaved you are."

"Anyhow," Cheryl continued, "I'm sorry I didn't order you something more substantial for lunch. I thought that, since you are not allowed to use your hands to assist you in eating (in keeping with the theme of the lunch), that a liquid lunch would make it much easier for you. Keep your hands on your lap and use your tongue to lap up your beer and broth when it comes."

Barbara looked around at the crowded dining room. She had been seated with her back in the corner and was able to look out across the entire room. In turn, the entire room could plainly see her, as was evident by the number of stares she was still receiving. Her face flushed crimson when she lowered her head to the bowl of beer and began lapping it up as Cheryl ordered.

"I've got to go to the ladies' room." June said as she pushed back her chair and rose from the table. "Would you like to go with me Cheryl?"

Beth agreed to stay behind and watch Barbara to make sure she drank her entire bowl of beer while Cheryl and June left for the ladies' room. Lunch was served soon after the pair returned and they all began eating. The broth was the most delicious beef broth Barbara had ever tasted. It was a shame that she would be to embarrassed to ever show her face in here again. She could imagine what the real food tasted like. Cheryl kept admonishing her to keep lapping whenever she would stop for a breath and she was soon done with her 'meal'. She reached for her napkin, but a scowl from Cheryl made her drop it back onto the table. Beth picked it up and lowered it under the table. Barbara suddenly felt her vagina being wiped with the fine linen held in Beth's hand. She looked around the room to see if anyone had noticed what was happening now. As she expected, several of the patrons were staring under her table and poking their partners with their elbows to make them aware of what was going on. When Beth had finished wiping Barbara's pussy, she raised the napkin to Barbara's face and began wiping the broth from her face and lips. Barbara smelled her own juices on the cloth and blushed even deeper, much to the delight of many of the diners and the disgust of the others.

After the girls finished their meal and Cheryl had paid the bill, leaving a rather large tip for the gracious waiter, they got up to leave. When they reached the lobby, Barbara had a sudden urge to urinate.

"Please Mistress Cheryl, may I speak?" The blushing girl asked.

"Now what!" Cheryl snapped.

"I'm sorry to bother you, Mistress Cheryl, but I have to p...piss real bad. May I go to the ladies' room, Mistress Cheryl?"

Cheryl looked at Barbara from foot to head. "Of course I'll let you relieve yourself, Barbara, but not here. Follow me."

The three girls followed Cheryl out of the restaurant into the parking lot. They walked to the far end and stopped where the pavement ended and the lawn began.

"This spot will do." Cheryl proclaimed. "Go ahead and relieve yourself, Barbara."

Barbara looked at the lawn and then to the parking lot. She couldn't possibly urinate here, in the open, with all these people entering and leaving the restaurant.

"That's okay, Mistress Cheryl. I don't have to go anymore." She lied. She didn't know how much longer she could hold it in, but she did know she couldn't do it here.

Cheryl walked over to Barbara and yanked her hair. "Listen, bitch. You have to piss and you know it! Now squat right here, right now and piss or we'll start using some of those goodies we bought earlier immediately!" She released Barbara's hair and stood tapping her foot.

Barbara starting crying as she inched over to the grass. She looked at Cheryl one more time before she squatted down and began peeing. June's giggling increased her shame and made her feel like strangling the little brat -- something she now wished she had done years ago instead of just thinking about it. She watched the flowing urine form little streams and trickle down the sloping lawn onto the pavement. When she was through urinating, Barbara looked up at the group watching her. Beth, noticing Barbara's dilemma, offered her a tissue from her purse. Barbara took the tissue and wiped herself before arising and following the group back to the car. Once they were all inside, the car started off towards its next adventure.

The car had barely gone 4 blocks before it stopped in front of "Adult World", an adult novelty shop. Once again the women filed into the shop with Cheryl leading the way. Barbara followed Cheryl's quick pace to a counter that had a large assortment of dildos and vibrators on display. Barbara looked around and noticed that the shop had at least 15 customers, all male, crammed into its small display area. They all noticed the women come in and were constantly glancing up from their books to watch them. She blushed deeply as Cheryl loudly explained to the salesman that her slave had "outgrown" her present dildos and needed something larger and with more "pizazz". The salesman proceeded to fill the counter top with dildos of all colors and shapes which vibrated, got hot, squirted liquids, undulated, squirmed, rotated and what have you. Cheryl picked out a 12" black lifelike dildo, made of silicone. It featured a piston built in which made its tip extend and retract at a variable rate. Barbara looked at the instrument in horror. Its diameter of about 2 inches looked to big to fit inside her. Nonetheless, Cheryl held it high in the air and decided it was just right for her and told the salesman "I'll take it".

Next, Cheryl wanted to look at butt plugs and anal stimulators. The salesman beckoned the group to another counter and proceeded to lay out another assortment of grotesque looking devices meant to be used anally. Cheryl chose 2 butt plugs from the group. One looked just like the one that was used on Barbara by Beth after she had given her the enema a few weeks ago, except it appeared to be a little larger. The second one was definitely larger than the first and resembled a penis. Cheryl then looked over the group of probes and vibrators but couldn't decide on which one she wanted.

"What do you think, Barbara?" She asked. "Which one would give you the most pleasure when inserted up your ass?"

Cheryl's crude language, and the salesman snapping his head up to look at her, caused Barbara even more embarrassment. Cheryl knew that having her choose such a device would humiliate her further. She kept her head low as she looked over the instruments laid out on the counter. She was unsure of which one to pick. If she picked the smallest, Cheryl would surely disagree and choose the largest. She finally decided on one with a handle attached to a short, bent stem, at the end of which was a slightly thicker tube that contained the vibrating unit. She pointed it out to Cheryl and the salesman.

"This one, Mistress Cheryl."

"Yes, I kind of liked that one, too. The handle would make it easier for you to manipulate while you carry on your 'other' activities." Cheryl picked the vibrator up and studied it before looking at the salesman. "Would you have this in a larger size?" she asked.

Barbara kept her head down and stared at the counter top. She was much to embarrassed to face the salesman directly. He reached into a drawer under the counter and retrieved a larger version of the vibrator and laid it in front of her. She just nodded her head affirmatively. She knew better than to disagree with Cheryl's decision.

Having completed their purchases, the girls left the shop and returned to the car. Barbara was relieved that the purchases had been made without her having to demonstrate anything as she did in the leather shop. With a little luck, she thought, the worst part of the day could be over. She glanced at the clock on the dashboard and noticed the time was 1:00 p.m. "Only 90 minutes to go" she thought. She felt confident that she could deal with anything for another 90 minutes. She changed her mind when the car slowed in front of a tattoo parlor. She froze in her seat and her heart started to beat faster when the car came to a halt in the parlor's parking lot. "no, no, no." she mumbled to herself.

"Mistress Cheryl. May I speak?" Her voice displayed a sense of urgency mixed with panic.

"Go ahead Barbara." Cheryl shrugged.

"Mistress Cheryl, please. I can't get a tattoo. You promised that I wouldn't be permanently marked. Please, Mistress Cheryl, don't make me get a tattoo." Barbara started crying.

"Oh, for God's sake, Barbara stop your crying. I promised that no punishment would leave you permanently marked. I never agreed to anything else. Besides, I talked to John about what I was planning and he said it would be okay. Now let's not hear anymore about it! Don't make me have to use all my new toys so soon. It's getting late, you wouldn't want the kids walking in while you're getting punished, would you?"

The words rang like a rifle shot in Barbara's ears. She knew Cheryl wasn't just threatening. She had no doubt that Cheryl would get great pleasure in humiliating her in front of her children. She wouldn't let that happen, but she did NOT want a tattoo, either.

"No, Mistress Cheryl. Please have mercy."

Cheryl smiled. "I am showing mercy by not whipping your ass right here and now. Now stop crying and get your ass out of the car!"

Barbara began to extricate herself from the rear seat, but she could not make the sobbing stop. She wiped her eyes before entering the shop. Once inside, she followed Cheryl to the owner standing at the counter. Cheryl told the owner who she was and that she had made an appointment for this session.

"Oh, yes. As a matter of fact, I have everything ready." The owner said and looked at Barbara. "Is she the girl you want it done to?"

"That's her." Cheryl replied.

The owner of the shop turned to Barbara and talked very politely to her. He said that she appeared distraught and perhaps she did not want to have this done. He advised her he would not do anything if she did not want it done. He then asked her if she wanted to go through with it. Barbara thought for a minute before answering "Yes". She wanted to say "no" but knew what would happen to her for such an act of insubordination. She followed the owner to a small booth. The owner sat down at a small table and motioned Barbara to take the seat opposite him. As Barbara sat down, she noticed a small bottle of alcohol and a small paper cup, which held a gold ring of about 1/2" in diameter, on the table top.

"Okay, now which one is it to be?" The man asked as he grabbed a cotton swab and began pouring the alcohol on it.

Barbara had no idea what the man was talking about. She stared back at him with her lips pursed, ready to ask him what he meant, when Cheryl leaned over her and unbuttoned her blouse. She pushed the blouse over Barbara's shoulders and down her arms until Barbara's breasts were complete exposed. Cheryl cupped her hand under Barbara's left breast and raised it gently.

"I think this one." Cheryl volunteered.

The man swabbed Barbara's nipple with alcohol and picked up a large needle and poured alcohol over it. Barbara quivered when she realized what was going to happen and she looked up at Cheryl's face and silently mouthed "please". As she watched Cheryl smiling at her, she felt the man's hand on her breast, squeezing the nipple. She winced as she felt the needle being pushed through her tender breast. When she opened her tear filled eyes, the man was removing the ring from the alcohol filled cup and pulling it open in preparation to inserting it into her freshly punctured breast. She watched as the ring was painfully forced through the hole and snapped into place. She looked at this latest, more visible, token of her domination by Cheryl.

"Now, you mentioned something about a small tattoo?" The man was asking Cheryl.

Barbara listened in shock as Cheryl explained to the tattooist that she wanted a small, red heart with "Cheryl" printed across it. She waited while the man flipped through the pages of his book until he found what he believed Cheryl wanted. Cheryl nodded affirmatively and the man reached into the cabinets behind him and brought out several bottles of ink. He prepared another cotton swab by dousing it with alcohol.

"Where are we going to put this?" He asked. This time, he ignored Barbara completely and spoke directly to Cheryl.

Cheryl ordered Barbara to stand up with her back to the man and to bend forward with hands on the floor and legs spread widely. Barbara hesitated then, realizing again that resisting would be fruitless, did what she was told. Cheryl raised her skirt and tucked the hem back into the waistband.

"I'd like it right here." Cheryl touched the spot where she desired the tattoo be placed.

Barbara felt Cheryl's finger touch her on the small area of skin between her vagina and rectum. She began crying in embarrassment again. At least, she thought, no one would be able to see it. She then thought about how she would be unable to face the doctor for her annual check-up and pap smear, and what if she were involved in an accident? What kind of woman would they think she was? Her thoughts continued along those lines as the tattooist worked. The hum of the machine sending countless needle pricks into flesh and the occasional wiping by the artist seemed to go on forever. Finally, the ordeal was over. The man placed a mirror between her legs so that she could see what he had done. Barbara looked, but her eyes were so full of tears that she saw nothing. She heard him explain how to care for the tattoo and she took the sample tube of salve he offered. She heard Cheryl settle the bill with the shop owner. She heard Beth and June giggling as they talked about the piercing and marking of her body. She stood up when she was told to do so and, still dazed and confused, she followed Cheryl out of the store and back into the car. She saw and heard all that went on during the last 15 minutes, or so, but Barbara saw only images and heard only sounds. Her mind refused to focus on anything going on around her. She only thought of the ring in her nipple and the permanent marking carved between her legs. She thought of how she had fallen to this.

During the ride home Barbara started to regain control of her thoughts again. She was teased and made to display her nipple and tattoo to Beth and the giggling June. She noticed how tender and concerned Beth had been during her examination while June was more like Cheryl, cold and domineering. Barbara, who once disliked and feared Beth, had suddenly developed a genuine liking towards her. She knew Beth was a lesbian, of course, but, after all she had done these past few weeks, lesbianism had come to be accepted by her -- not that she liked it. No, she still detested the thought of licking another woman's vagina, but it no longer caused her stomach to turn.

The car slowed down and pulled into the driveway of a private house. June opened the door and got out.

"Thanks a lot, Cheryl. I really had a blast today." The teenager was all smiles and excited as she talked. "Don't forget to tell her."

"Your welcome, June. No I won't forget, just don't YOU forget the rules." Cheryl replied.

"Not to worry. I wouldn't do anything that would mess up this arrangement." June turned her attention to the back seat. "So long Beth. Nice meeting you. And Barbara. It was so nice to see you again. Good bye for now I'll see you again, soon." June shut the door and hurriedly walked up to the house as the car backed out the drive.

"If I have anything to do with it, you'll never see me again." Barbara said to herself as she watched June disappear into the house. She wondered what June had reminded Cheryl to tell her. It didn't matter. It was 2:20 and her ordeal for today was over. She would soon be back to being mom again and looked forward to seeing her children come home from school. People who truly loved her and lavished that love on her. She needed that now. At the past sessions, John had been there an d, although he did very little physically to comfort her, his presence and loving looks would provide Barbara with the strength she needed to go on.

A deep sigh escaped Barbara's lips as the car pulled to a halt in her driveway. She waited for Cheryl's permission to get out and hoped on hope that she and Beth would not want to come in. Cheryl twisted around in her seat and spoke directly to Barbara.

"Well that's all the fun for today, Barb. Did you have as good a time as we had?"

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara lied. Then, to her surprise, Barbara blurted out "I just wish I didn't have to get a tattoo, Mistress Cheryl. It hurt so bad, and I feel so ashamed about it." After it came out, Barbara wished she could take it back. She had come so far, she hoped she hadn't spoiled it and cause Cheryl to get angry and punish her in front of the kids coming home.

"You'll get over it. Besides, no one will ever see it unless you or I want them to." Cheryl dismissed Barbara's protest without even a threat of punishment. "Listen, during lunch June asked if she could bring Paul over to see you. I told her she could BUT she couldn't come before 10 a.m. and had to be out by 1. I figure that would give you plenty of time to get your housework done and still leave them enough time to play. You will do whatever they ask, but they are not to punish you. They will report any misbehavior to me and I will determine if punishment is justified. You will prepare the enema she'll give you. I told her one and a half quarts maximum. They'll be here tomorrow at ten. Be ready and answer the door completely nude. I also told her no more pictures. Understand?"

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara was devastated by that news. How could she ever let a pair of teenagers -- who she once baby-sat -- boss her around and make her do any disgusting sex act they could think of. As if the rest of the day wasn't enough to degrade her and make her lie awake tonight with thoughts of disgrace, this would be enough to make sure she spent the night worrying.

"Just be sure you do as told and you'll be okay. After all, they're only kids. What could they possibly demand of you that you haven't already done? Come up front and give me a kiss good bye." Cheryl slid from under the steering wheel and placed one leg on the seat.

Barbara knew where Cheryl expected to be kissed. It was getting to be routine. She looked around to make sure no neighbors were around before she got out of the back and got into the front of the car. Cheryl hiked her skirt up and Barbara knelt on the floor and began licking her pussy. She was amazed at how wet Cheryl was and hoped she would not be expected to bring her to orgasm out in the open like this. As she was licking, Barbara thought she noticed the blinds of the neighbors house move. She slouched lower and buried her head deeper in Cheryl's legs. Finally, Cheryl's legs closed and Barbara's head came up. She could feel the pussy juice all over her lips and cheeks. She got up and exited the car.

"Good bye, Mistress Cheryl. Good bye, Mistress Beth." She said. Barbara waited for them to return her good bye before she turned and walked into the house.

**************

Barbara barely finished cleaning herself up and changing clothes when the kids popped through the door. For now, her world was normal again. She did not have any time left to worry about June and Paul or her aching nipple and tattoo. She kept busy making snacks, breaking up little spats, preparing dinner and all the things she had done for 7 years. Things she loved doing for people she loved. As she watched the kids drink their milk and watch the afternoon comics on TV, she thanked God that they did not have to come home to the scene of their mother nude and being spanked. She walked into the living room and gave them both a big hug and told them she loved them.

John arrived home just as dinner was done. He only had time to wash up and sit down at the table before Barbara started serving. He looked at his wife and wondered how her day had gone. They never spoke of the sessions with Cheryl while the kids were home and awake. Cheryl had told him of her plans to have Barbara's nipple pierced and a little tattoo put on her. At first he objected but Cheryl showed him pictures of women with rings in their nipples, labia, nose and even tongues and they did not seem bothered by them. Cheryl also promised that the tattoo would done in a place where nobody would notice and would be very small. She did not tell him what the tattoo would look like and he was dying to see where it was placed and what it was, if she had gotten one at all. Barbara gave no indication that she was in any pain, in fact, she seemed more cheerful than she had been in a long time.

Barbara finished putting the dinner on the table and sat down to eat. She smiled at John, but a tear formed in her eye and she stretched her blouse tight over her breast to show John the outline of the ring placed there. He looked at the ring, then her face, but said nothing. She was dying to tell him about her day and how embarrassed she was. She also wanted to ask him why he gave permission to Cheryl to have this done to her. At that instant, she found it very easy to hate him for going along with Cheryl in her plan to mutilate her. That impulse passed quickly as she realized that John was a kind, peaceful man who hated to make waves. She thought for a moment then came to the conclusion that John was a wimp in front of women -- but he was her wimp and she loved him.

The rest of the evening was spent cleaning the house and caring for the kids while John worked in the basement. His finishing of the basement was something he had started almost a year ago and was now nearing completion. Barbara couldn't wait for the kid's playroom and her laundry room to be done. It would give them so much more room in the main part of the house. Finally, it was time to tuck the kids into bed, a task Barbara cherished. When they were all snug and sound asleep, Barbara stepped into the bathroom to take care of herself.

Barbara emerged from the hot shower and toweled herself off. She couldn't resist grabbing the hand mirror and looking at the tattoo. She would be able to tolerate it a lot better, she thought, if "Cheryl" wasn't inscribed through the damn thing. The placing of her tormentor's name in that spot made her feel like some cheap biker slut. That is probably the exact effect Cheryl wanted to accomplish, she told herself. She looked at her nipple with the ring dangling through it. There was hardly any pain at all coming from it. To be sure, she was tender there, especially if she pulled on the ring slightly, but to her amazement, under normal circumstances she barely noticed it. The good news was that the ring could easily be removed and, she assumed, the hole would close like the hole in an ear when no earring had been inserted for a period of time. She slipped into her robe and walked into the bedroom where she sprawled out on the bed and watched TV while she waited for John. She soon heard the shower running and knew John would be coming to bed momentarily.

John walked into the bedroom completely nude, as usual, after he took a shower. Barbara watched him while he walked over to the bed. She looked at his cock sway from side to side with each step he took and a yearning came over her. When he laid down on the bed next to her, Barbara opened her robe and completely exposed her body to him. She said not a word as he leaned on one elbow and examined the ring.

"Well, it's not as bad as I thought. In fact, I think it looks kinda sexy on you." John said as his finger lightly traced circles around Barbara's nipple. "Does it hurt?"

"Not so much now, but it hurt like hell when he put the hole through it." Barbara watched John's finger and watched as her nipple began to stand erect. A wave of excitement came over her when she saw his dick begin to twitch and grow. "It doesn't hurt nearly as bad as the other thing."

"What other thing?" John asked. He looked at Barbara's body from head to toe and didn't see the tattoo he had expected, but, judging from Barbara's statement, it was there somewhere. He guessed it was on her butt and she'd have to roll over to let him see it.

"This other thing!" Barbara's legs sprung wide open.

John looked at both of her thighs before noticing the tattoo. He had never seen a tattoo placed there before. Cheryl was right. It was small -- barely an inch square, and it sure wouldn't be noticed by a casual observer. He lowered his he ad to read the writing and felt his face turn red. He wasn't sure whether the reaction was from his embarrassment of allowing Cheryl to do this to his wife or from hatred of Cheryl for having the audacity to have her name put on the tattoo.

"Son of a BITCH!" He exclaimed. He looked at Barbara, who had begun to cry. He moved up the bed and cradled her head in his hands and kissed her lightly. "I'm sorry, honey. She told me a small tattoo placed where no one would see it. I expected a rose or something on your butt. I never expected this. THAT BITCH!"

Barbara stifled her tears and looked at John's eyes. She believed him. She saw from his reaction that he was as hurt as she was by the tattoo on her body. She lifted her head and returned his kiss.

"John, do you remember that bratty little June I used to baby sit?" She asked. She had to find out for herself just how much John knew about today's plans.

"Yeah. The spoiled little 'know-it-all'. She had a brother, didn't she? Yeah, I remember her. What about her?" John wondered what made Barbara bring her name up.

"Well, she came along with us today. She is just as big a smart ass today as she was back then." Barbara went on to fill John in on the entire day's occurrences. She left nothing out -- not the enema to start the day, not the dildo sucking in the car, not the luncheon without utensils nor the peeing in the parking lot afterwards. She recalled each incident in great detail. As she talked, she noticed John's cock getting bigger and bigger. She realized that relating the day's events to him was making him horny. It was hard for her to believe that as much as he loved her, and she truly believe he loved her, he could get sexually excited by her being forced to commit such disgusting things. It may have been hard to believe, but it was becoming more and more evident with each word she spoke. Before she could finish, John was on top of her. He smothered her with kisses and caressed her with kind, whispering words. She wanted him now. She needed him. She forgot all about the tattoo and nipple ring as he entered her. The love- making was mutually intensive and sincere. It ended with them both climaxing at the same time, something that rarely occurred. When it was over, John rolled off her and lay staring at the ceiling completely exhausted.

Barbara stared into space as she told John about June and Paul's planned visit the next day. She told him how humiliated and dirty she felt about the prospects of such a visit. As she told him her fears of what they might demand of her, his hand reached for hers. He whispered in her ear she should not worry and, after all she's been through, it would be easy. He patted her arm and went to sleep. Barbara continued to worry and stare into the darkness. She didn't know at what time she fell asleep, but it was hours later.

************

Barbara poured herself another glass of milk with the hope it would settle her stomach. She knew it wouldn't help, but she gulped it down anyway. The sickness in her stomach and her shaking hands were caused by anxiety. She sat nude at the kitchen table and watched the clock slowly tick its way to 10 o'clock. She went over to the sink and was rinsing the empty glass when she heard a car pull into her drive and the sound of 2 doors slamming. She took a deep breath and said out loud "This is it." as she started towards the back door. Her trembling hand turned the knob and swung the door open.

"Good morning, Barbara." June said as she led her grown brother past Barbara and into the house. "Paul was so excited when I showed him your picture and told him about today that he just couldn't wait to get here."

Barbara did not respond to June's comments as she closed the door and followed them into the kitchen. She would never have recognized Paul. Over the years he had grown beyond her expectations. He had to be at least 6' tall and had developed a very muscular build. Barbara guessed that he was involved in school sports. She noticed the tightness of his body, particularly his rear end, and remembered her high school days when everyone looked like that. When he turned around to face her, she also noticed a decided bulge in his pants. Her head jerked up and she saw that his face still sported the features of a child. His curly blond hair, bright green eyes and boyish grin looked out of place on that body. She remained silent and waited for one of them to say something.

"Hi, Barbara. It's good to see you again." Paul stammered, in obvious discomfort. "It's been quite a while since we've seen each other. You look good."

"Hello, Paul. Thank you." Barbara replied. She smiled at the teen's choice of words. His eyes walked over her naked body a thousand times as he spoke. She found some solace in the fact he found her still good looking. "Yes, it has been a long time. You look all grown up and pretty good yourself. What have you been up to lately?" Barbara hoped the casual questioning would delay the inevitable domination of her by June and thought that perhaps it would serve to get on Paul's good side, so to speak.

"Enough of the bullshit small talk!" June snapped. She was getting irritated by the delay and couldn't wait to demonstrate her control to her baby brother. "You'd better get your role here straight. From now on it's 'Mistress June' and 'M aster Paul'! Now get that enema ready so we can get on with it!"

"Yes, Mistress June." Barbara was stunned by June's tone. She scampered to the bathroom and retrieved the enema kit. Without stopping, she measured out a quart of warm water and poured it into the bag before offering it to June.

"A little light here, aren't we? I distinctly remember Cheryl telling me a quart AND a half. Now get it right!" June shoved the bag back towards Barbara.

Barbara shivered as she added the additional water to the bag. She realized she was in for it today. June was much more sardonic and sadistic then she had imagined. She handed the bag back to June and bent over the table with legs spread wide when June ordered. She waited while June called Paul over and pointed out the tattoo in her crotch. Another order from June had Barbara reach back and spread her cheeks to expose her rectum to the teenagers. At the last minute, June had decided that Barbara should lubricate her rectum with her own saliva. Embarrassed, Barbara put her finger in her mouth and collected the saliva which she deposited on her rear opening. Dissatisfied with the results, June ordered her to get more and put it inside. Barbara began to cry again as she returned the finger to her mouth and then back to her anus where she inserted it and worked it around. When she pulled her finger out, she felt the large douche nozzle roughly jammed in its place and the warm water begin to fill her bowels. After the bag emptied June had her place her finger back into her ass to hold back the flow.

"It seems the tides have turned, Barbara." June spoke directly into Barbara's ear. "You never knew how much I despised your authority over me back then, but, before the day is over, you're gonna find out what I felt like. Now go relieve yourself and report back to the living room!"

Barbara ran into bathroom and sat on the toilet. Fear, instilled by June's last words, gripped her entire body as she sat there. She knew she had to face whatever June had in mind or face the wrath of Cheryl. She decided that facing June might be the easier of the two, especially since Paul was present. If he was still the good kid that he once was, he wouldn't allow his sister to really harm her. She flushed the toilet and cleaned herself up before leaving the room.

When Barbara walked into the living room, June ordered her to lay across the coffee table with legs spread and play with herself. Barbara tearfully obeyed and positioned herself on the table and began fingering her pussy. She was temporarily blinded when June turned on a lamp and positioned the shade in a manner that directed the light to the area between her legs. She saw Paul move over and kneel down between her knees as he watched. Embarrassed, she closed her eyes. A stinging slap to side of Barbara's face made her open them again.

"Keep your eyes open, bitch! I want you aware of everything that's going to happen to you." June said.

Barbara continued to masturbate with her eyes open, but filled with tears. She followed each of June's directions. She had to move her hand faster, use more fingers, use her other hand to spread her pussy lips so Paul would get a better vie w. When June became bored with watching her playing with her pussy, she had to use one hand on her pussy and the other to probe her ass. It was totally degrading. Barbara had a plain view of the clock and each time she looked at it, the hands didn't appear to have moved. She heard June ask Paul a question and the next thing she knew Paul's dick was dangling over her face. He lowered himself until the large, young cock knocked against her lips. She opened her mouth and took him in. As she sucked Paul's dick and played with her pussy and ass, Barbara heard some rustling from June's direction.

"That's enough foreplay. Get on your knees and come over here and suck my titties."

Barbara looked at the direction the voice came from and saw June had stripped naked and was half sitting, half lying on the sofa. She crawled over to her and began to lick and suck each of her tits. As she sucked, she felt Paul fingering her vagina and anus. It surprised her when her hips started to move backwards towards his probing hands seeking even deeper penetration. She became aware of June's hands now on the top of her head swirling her hair between the young girls fingers. S he felt the first faint pangs of the orgasm building inside her and moaned softly as she licked. As her hips increased the pace of their undulations, Barbara felt the hands on her head exerting gently pressure, pushing her lips downward. She needed no further orders or coaxing. She allowed her body to take full control of her actions in spite of the objections in her mind. She worked her tongue down across June's stomach and her lips kissed their way to the spot between the teen's legs that they were seeking. The probing hands behind her stopped and she was about to ask Paul not to stop when she felt the tip of his penis press against the lips of her vagina. With a backward motion of her hips, she forced Paul's cock into her. Her cravings would soon be over. The hands on her head tightened their grip and pressed her mouth harder against June's pussy. Barbara's mind kept telling her that this physical thing would be over soon but she'd have to feel the shame and the guilt for the rest of her life. She knew it was true, but she was at the point where she had no control over her body. She lapped deeper and harder and the dick inside her worked quicker and stronger. She knew that all three of them would soon find the bliss they were after.

Afterwards, after Paul's cock spewed its semen deep inside her womb and June's orgasm filled her mouth with the sweet nectar of woman, Barbara lay motionless and exhausted with her lips still pursed against June's vagina and her butt still high in the air. Paul had collapsed in a heap on the floor while his sister still had her eyes closed and her fingers busied themselves playing with Barbara's hair.

It was June who began stirring first. She awoke from her kittenish dream to become the lion she had been before. Her crude language and stern voice frightened even Paul. Barbara was first forced to lie on the floor with her legs spread apart in front of June while June worked her foot into Barbara's vagina. Then Barbara was made to lick Paul's semen from the dripping foot. It didn't take Barbara long to realize that June was a natural when it came to degrading and humiliating any willing, or coerced, victim within her control. When June ordered Barbara to get a dildo, she went into a tirade when Barbara told her she had none. June stomped to the refrigerator and returned with a variety of vegetables, hot dogs and sausages which she forced Barbara to insert into her pussy and ass. The rest of the afternoon was spent with Barbara blushing and crying as she performed every perverted act June could think of. Her tongue had licked June's and Paul's assholes, pussy, cock, balls, even the soles of June's shoes. Her poor vagina and rectum had been used by hands, feet, bananas, carrots, ears of corn, and the Polish Kielbasa she had planned to serve for dinner. June was still barking orders when Barbara heard the clock strike one. As if on cue, she stopped what she was doing and stood up.

"It is now 1 o'clock. I want you two to leave my house NOW!" Still red-faced and in tears, Barbara watched as June and Paul jumped for their clothes and hurriedly dressed before running out the door. Their response even surprised Barbara who finally felt good seeing someone else jump to her commands. When they were gone, she washed up and began to straighten the house in preparation of her beloved, normal, evening with John and the kids.

***************

Barbara waited until they were again in bed for the night before she recounted the events of the day to John. Again she noticed John getting an erection as she told him of the tortures she went through. Just like the night before, when she had finished her story John rolled on top of her. Tonight, though, Barbara wanted nothing to do with sex. She told John she was not in the mood but he paid no attention to her. She had never refused him when he wanted sex before and decided that she wouldn't start now. She lied there like a log until he was through and had rolled off of her.

"You know, John, sometimes you're a real pig." She said as she rolled over onto her side with her back to him.

"I'm sorry, Barb. I just get so excited listening to you." John's apology fell on deaf ears. He decided now would be as good a time as any to tell her. "Look, Barb. There's something I've got to tell you...."

Barbara listened, at first in disbelief and then in horror, as John told her of Cheryl's plans for the future. When he was through, she said nothing. She stared at the wall and began crying. She cried until there were no more tears left to cry and the sun began to rise.





Chapter Five: The Final Descent

"Hi, Barbara. This is Cheryl."

Barbara's heart starting pounding when she recognized the voice on the other end of the phone. She had been expecting this call ever since John told her of Cheryl's future plans. She would panic whenever the phone rang. She spent endless hours each day thinking of things she could say that would change this bitch's mind. She vowed to herself that she would be strong and forceful when the moment came, but now that it was here, her knees began to buckle and she groped for a chair to sit down in. She opened her mouth to speak, but no words came out. Her carefully rehearsed speech was lost somewhere in the deep recesses of her mind and she could only recall images of her degradation and humiliation at the hands of this woman who was speaking to her.

"Hello? Are you there? Barbara, speak to me!"

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl, I'm here." Barbara began weeping. She had no idea why she became so weak when confronted by this younger woman who was once one of her best friends. This girl, who wasn't satisfied with forcing her to perform the most vile and humiliating sexual acts, was now demanding more. More, perhaps, than Barbara could give.

"Has John told you about my move?"

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl. He told me what you planned to do, but he didn't give me any details or elaborate any further."

"Oh." Cheryl sounded disappointed. She wanted to tell Barbara herself just so she could see the expression on her face. "Well, in that case, I'll be there for lunch today at around 12:30. Don't make anything to eat, I'll bring it with me. You just get yourself ready, a robe will be fine, and we'll discuss just exactly what is expected of you and what your options are."

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara had hardly gotten the words out of her mouth when she heard Cheryl hang up the receiver. She placed the phone on the cradle and propped her head against her hand while she recalled what John had told her.

John did not mince words when he informed her of Cheryl's plans. It was, after all, a very simple, straight-forward, move. Cheryl was divorcing Don. Don had agreed to the divorce and to provide her with ample support money while Cheryl to movie into Barbara's quest room. That was all he said, and that was all that had to be said. Barbara couldn't help but think that Cheryl was positioning herself to steal John away from her. She refused to accept that scenario and would do whatever she had to do to keep John. She became determined to lay her cards on the table when Cheryl came to lunch and to, at the very least, voice her opposition to the move. Her mind made up, she got up from the table and began to get herself prepared for Cheryl.

***************

Cheryl didn't bother to knock when she arrived at Barbara's house for lunch. She figured that it was unnecessary since she was about call it her home as well. She saw Barbara sitting at the table wearing only a robe and obviously startled by the sudden intrusion. She laid the bags of Chinese take-out she purchased for their lunch on the table and walked over to the cabinets to get the plates and utensils they would need.

"Gee, I thought you'd at least have the table set for lunch, Barb. You knew I was bringing something for us to eat." Cheryl stated her disappointment in a calm manner and did not seem to be extremely annoyed.

"I'm sorry, Mistress Cheryl. I've had a lot on my mind lately and I guess the time just slipped up on me." Barbara got up and went over to help Cheryl ready the meal. She poured them each a large glass of iced tea and carried them to the table.

"I guess you have had a lot to think about lately. Let's eat first and then we'll discuss the situation like rational adults. Okay?"

"Okay, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara agreed.

The two women sat and ate their lunch without muttering a single word to each other. Cheryl couldn't help but notice how nervous Barbara was as she picked through her meal. She wondered if Barbara's uneasiness was due to worry about what humiliation she would have to endure today, or whether it was brought on by the planned move. When she had finished eating, Cheryl pushed her plate away and sat watching the trembling Barbara nibble at the plate of Mandarin Beef and Rice. Finally, the tension between the two women became to much for Cheryl to bear.

"What's the matter, Barbara? Don't like Chinese?" Cheryl asked while reaching in her purse for a cigarette.

"No, I mean yes, I like Chinese, Mistress Cheryl. I'm just not used to eating it for lunch, and I guess I'm a little nervous today." Barbara replied.

Barbara's nervousness had been evident to Cheryl from the moment she sat down at the table to eat. She lit the cigarette and drew in a deeply, exhaling the smoke through her nostrils. She guessed it was time to get on with explaining the conditions of her move to Barbara. She wasn't quite sure how to go about it and had hoped for a little push from her "slave" to sort of get her fired up.

"Well, let's go into the living room and talk about it. I guess it's best if we clear the air about this move right off." Cheryl got up from the table and walked into the living room where she sat down on the sofa and crossed her feet on the coffee table.

Barbara picked up the dishes from the table and placed them on the counter before biting her lip and proceeding to join Cheryl. When she entered the living room, Barbara was not sure what she was supposed to do. Thinking it better to do safest thing, she took off her robe and assumed her position in the center of the room.

"No need to assume the position just yet, Barbara. Sit down and let's get whatever it is that's making you nervous off your mind." Cheryl motioned for Barbara to sit in the chair placed nearest the sofa, and watched as the naked woman sat. For some reason, Cheryl thought, Barbara looked better now than when she first saw her nude only about a couple of months ago. She seemed to look more sensuous than ever before. She studied the woman, nude but for a dog collar around her neck, for a few moments before beginning.

"Okay Barbara. Tell me what it is that's bothering you. I assume it's about my new living arrangements. If it is, I want to know what you find so troubling." Cheryl took another drag on the cigarette before crushing it out in the ashtray.

"Well, Mistress Cheryl, I ..."

"Let's cut out the formalities for the moment, Barbara. Call me Cheryl." Cheryl was hoping to get Barbara to open up and drop her guard.

Well, Cheryl, I really don't know what to expect -- or what you expect of me. I mean, I've done everything you've asked me to do so far, even though I found most of them disgusting. The only thing that got me through most of those things was knowing that it would be over soon and I'd be back home and away from it all. Now, if you're living here, will there ever be an end? I don't think I could live every moment like that." Barbara began to cry and covered her eyes to avoid having to face Cheryl directly. "One more thing, I can't help but think that you're trying to take John away from me. I can't, .... I won't, let that happen. Believe me, I'll do whatever I have to do to prevent that from happening. I mean, I'll resort to any means within me to stop it."

Having said her piece, Barbara wiped the tears from her cheeks and sat back in her chair to await Cheryl's reply. She couldn't stop her hands from trembling and attempted to hide the quivering by rubbing them together. She watched Cheryl lean back on the sofa, uncross her legs and spread them slightly apart. She didn't know why, but her eyes were drawn immediately to the spot under Cheryl's dress where her legs came together. She noticed that Cheryl wasn't wearing any underclothing and that caused her, for reasons unknown to Barbara, to become aroused. Embarrassed, Barbara blushed and quickly shifted her eyes to Cheryl's face.

Cheryl saw Barbara staring under her dress and noticed her face turning beet red. She had hoped Barbara would provide her with an opening where she could announce her full plans to her. What she got was more than she had hoped for. She took her legs off the table and sat upright.

"Barbara, I want you to move the coffee table aside and come sit on the floor between my feet while I answer you."

Still trembling, Barbara got up and did as Cheryl requested. She sat down between Cheryl's feet and looked up at her face, waiting for an answer.

"First of all, Barbara." Cheryl began, "Since you feel that way about John, you've already narrowed you options down to one. That option is you remain married to John and do all the nice little things that married couples are supposed to do, with the exception that you will also do whatever I tell you to do. Every night, after putting the kids to bed, you are to get yourself ready and report to me here in the living room -- nude, of course. On those nights when I have a date or other plans, you are to wait up for me, again nude and ready. When John is present, you will also do whatever he desires, but you must remember that I am your mistress and have absolute control over you. You will be required to do whatever may amuse me at the moment, and to accept whatever punishment I decide is fitting. From time to time, I may have company of my own over for the evening. They may be male or female, but their presence will not be an excuse for your not reporting here as scheduled. On occasion I may make arrangements for you to appear elsewhere, without me or John. You will go where ever I say and do whatever it is that I instruct you to do. I may forbid you to sleep in your bed with John. I may have you sleep with me, or in my bed while I sleep in yours with John, or even on the floor. You will do so without question or hesitation. These rules also apply during the day while the kids are in school. If you accept these conditions, you can remain here as John's wife and mother of his children. If you do not accept them, John and I have decided that he would leave you and file for divorce. With the photos and 'witnesses' we have, we should have no problem convincing the courts that you are not a fit parent."

Cheryl paused to light another cigarette and to allow her words to sink in. She watched Barbara's head drop to her chin and heard the sobs escaping from her lips.

"On the other hand," she continued, "it won't be all that bad. I'll pay a fair price for my room and board and, if I have the time, help out with the housework. There may be times when you and John need to get out by yourselves and I'll be available to watch the kids for you. That is if I haven't made plans of my own. Just remember when you return, you must present yourself to me no matter what the time." Another pause and a drag from the cigarette. "So, Barbara, do you agree to the conditions?"

Barbara couldn't stop her sobbing. What possible choice did she have? She thought about how this had all begun and how she just kept getting deeper and deeper, as though she had been caught in a whirlpool and she was being dragged further and further down into the depths. She was shocked to learn that John had actually agreed to leave her and take her kids with him if she did not agree to these despicable terms. She wished he were here now so that she might confront him and see for herself if Cheryl were telling the truth. She couldn't afford to take the chance of refusing the conditions set forth by Cheryl. Life would be hell under the stated terms, but it would be completely unbearable under the alternate circumstances.

"Yes, I accept, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara had forgotten that she had been excused from addressing Cheryl as "mistress". It came out of her mouth instinctively.

"I thought you would." Cheryl was beaming. In the beginning, she had no idea that her little plot would eventually lead to the total domination of Barbara. She had gotten rid of her husband, finally succeeded in snaring John for sex anytime she wanted, and had a slave to satisfy whatever whim or curiosity she craved at the moment. These outcomes, coupled with the fact that the alimony that Don had agreed to pay her would allow her to live comfortably without having to work, caused her to love her life more than ever before.

"Now, about all those 'disgusting' acts you had to perform. Maybe you should look at the pictures and videotapes again. As I recall, those 'disgusting' acts seemed to arouse you quite a bit at the time. In fact, if I'm not mistaken, those 'disgusting' acts seemed to provide you with some very heavy-duty orgasms." Cheryl paused and looked at the red faced Barbara sitting at her feet.

"And don't for a moment think that I didn't notice you staring up my dress a moment ago." Cheryl spread her legs wide apart and continued. "Look now, Barbara. Look up my dress and tell me what you see."

Barbara raised her head and peered up Cheryl's dress. She stared at Cheryl's vagina and watched it become moist. She could just faintly pick up the scent of the juices beginning to ooze from within. Cheryl was right. Barbara was getting a roused again.

"I see your pussy, Mistress Cheryl"

"Describe it to me Barbara. Tell me, in detail what you see." Cheryl was smiling.

"I see your pussy. It's snuggled between your legs and hidden by wisps of curly hair. It's getting damp and I can smell its juices." Barbara continued to stare between Cheryl's legs, unable to turn her eyes away.

"Do you like the way my pussy looks?"

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara began blushing again.

"Tell me, Barbara. Is the smell beginning to excite you?"

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl."

"Would you like to kiss it?"

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl."

"Then ask me to allow you to, Barbara. Beg me to let you kiss and lick my pussy. Tell me what you'll do to repay me for allowing you such pleasure."

"Please, Mistress Cheryl. Please let me lick and kiss your pussy. I want to so much, Mistress Cheryl. Please let me lick you until you come. I promise I'll do anything you ask me to do. I'll lick you all over, even your ass, Mistress Cheryl. I'll suck your titties real nice. Please, please let me lick you, Mistress Cheryl."

Barbara couldn't believe the words she heard were coming from her lips. She couldn't believe that she actually wanted to lick Cheryl's vagina - - would do anything to place her mouth on that spot. Three months ago, she would have vomited at the thought of being forced to do such a thing. Now, she craved it, was drawn to its sensual aroma, desperately wanted to feel its warm moistness against her lips. She looked up at Cheryl's face and pleaded with her eyes.

"I'd like that very much, Barbara." Cheryl moved her hand down and pulled up the hem of her dress exposing herself completely to Barbara. She began to rub her hand up and down her vagina while Barbara watched. "Yes, I'd love to feel your tongue on my pussy and my asshole again, but I don't think you deserve it right now. For now, you'll have to be content with masturbating yourself and licking your own juices off your fingers. Maybe later I'll let you kiss my pussy, but not now. Lay down at my feet and start fingering yourself. When I tell you to, take your hand out of your pussy and put it in your mouth and suck all the juices off."

"No, Please, Mistress Cheryl. Please let me lick you. I like that so much better." Barbara pleaded as she clutched onto Cheryl's leg.

Cheryl leaned forward and grabbed Barbara's hair.

"Shut up and do as you are told!"

Visibly shaken and disappointed, Barbara slid down and laid on her back with legs spread wide. Her hand began playing with her own vagina. Within moments she felt Cheryl's foot on her lips. She opened her mouth and began playing her tongue across her mistresses toes before sucking them into her mouth. She had three fingers inside herself and was beginning to pump them furiously as her hips bucked upwards trying to drive them in deeper. Her head bobbed back and forth as she sucked Cheryl's toes as though they were a cock. She felt the orgasm coming and began moaning as it began its crescendo. As the orgasm was reaching its peak, Barbara felt Cheryl's hand pulling hers away from its task.

"That's enough for now, Barbara. Now clean that hand off." Cheryl said.

Barbara quickly put her hand into her mouth and greedily licked and sucked the juices from them. She wanted to get them clean quickly so that she would be allowed to continue her masturbation.

"My, my, Barbara. That's disgusting. I thought you didn't like to do disgusting things. Do you want to stop now, or do you want to continue doing disgusting things?" Cheryl smugly asked.

"Yes, Please, Mistress Cheryl. I'll do more disgusting things. Please. I've got to cum." Barbara begged with desperation. Her mind was focused on her orgasm, and her orgasm only.

"Fine. Start licking your nipples. If I like the way you do it, I'll let you do something else disgusting."

Barbara's hands cupped her breasts and pushed them upwards. She bent her neck as far forward as she could and stretched her tongue to its limit as she began licking her own nipples. She frantically licked each nipple as she worked her finger over the one not being tongued at the time. As she licked and massaged her tits, her hips continued to push forward searching for fulfillment.

""Okay, Barbara. You do such disgustingly good work with your tongue. Now let's see you work your fingers in your ass. You like playing with your ass, don't you?"

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl. I like it very much." Barbara quickly moved her hands down to her ass and began working two fingers into the tight opening.

"What do you think now, Barbara? Do you think this is so disgusting?"

"No, Mistress Cheryl. I mean, yes. It's disgusting, but I like it." Barbara answered. She knew it was disgusting but, at this moment, she wanted to do it.

Cheryl watched Barbara work her fingers in and out of her ass as fast and as hard as the poor girl could. When it became obvious that she was once again nearing climax, Cheryl decided to end it.

"That's enough! I think I've made you do enough disgusting things today. Put your hands behind your head."

Barbara's eyes slammed shut as she shook her head from side to side. She couldn't believe Cheryl had ordered her to stop now. She was so close. Reluctantly she removed her fingers from deep inside her ass and clasped both hands behind her head. When she opened her eyes, she saw Cheryl light another cigarette and stare at her. Guilt was coming over her again. It seemed the guilty feelings were occurring with greater frequency lately. She hated it. She hated being forced to endure these degradations that made the guilt come back. She laid there quietly, assessing herself, while Cheryl smoked her cigarette and watched. Cheryl's glare made her even more uncomfortable and caused the guilt to increase. Despite all the guilt and humiliation, Barbara still felt her body craving an orgasm. She had come so close -- to close to stop now. She blushed bright red as she looked at Cheryl staring at her crotch, but she was also getting off on being watched. She had only one wish at the moment. She wished Cheryl would let her continue masturbating.

Cheryl crushed out the cigarette and stood up while she smoothed her dress. She looked at the prone Barbara and placed the toe of her shoe against the slave's vagina. This gesture drew an immediate response from Barbara as her hips moved against the pointed shoe in a futile attempt to drive it into her.

"I shall be moving in this Saturday." Cheryl finally broke her silence and spoke in a very business like tone. "John will be helping me move my things so it shouldn't take all that long. Just be ready for me Saturday night. Until then, you are not to have sex with anyone -- including John. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara replied. She was genuinely frustrated and, at the same time, embarrassed.

"See you then." Cheryl grabbed her purse and walked out the door leaving Barbara lying on the floor, nude, with hands clasped behind her head.

Barbara remained on the floor until she heard Cheryl's car start and pull out of the driveway. She got herself up and looked out the window to confirm that Cheryl had indeed left before she walked into the kitchen and opened the refrigerator. She grabbed the Kielbasa she had bought to replace the one put to other uses by Julie. She set the sausage on the cutting board and made one, clean, cut. She picked up the two pieces of meat and carried them into her bedroom.

****************

The rest of the week went by without incident. John would come home from work, eat supper and retreat to the basement where he would continue with his remodeling project until bed time. Barbara tended to her duties around the house as normal. Normal meaning the physical aspects of day to day routine. Mentally, she was anything but normal. She thought about her last visit from Cheryl often. She couldn't believe that she had actually let her body take control of her mind to the extent that she was begging to lick Cheryl's pussy and ass. Each time the memory came to mind, she would visibly shake and start to sob. Her current state of mind caused her to worry almost every waking moment. She worried about what she had become and about her marriage to John. The two of them had hardly spoken to each other since he told her about Cheryl moving in. Since that time, she had strong doubts about his love and concern for her. She dreaded to think of what would become of the marriage once Cheryl was living with them.

On Saturday morning, over the morning coffee, John had announced that he was finished with the basement. He told Barbara that everything looked real nice and that he would give her the "grand tour" when he had finished moving Cheryl's belongings in. The announcement seemed to cheer Barbara up and add a special glow to what was the beginning of a very dark day to her. She couldn't wait to see the kids playroom and her laundry room. It would be so great not to have the kid's toys lying all over the living quarters. She wanted to start moving the toys and laundry supplies down immediately, but John told her no and ordered her, to clean the spare room one more time before the furniture arrived. Her disappointment was evident and she didn't have to tell him, but she did anyway. She saw no reason to clean the room again. After all, she had just spent an entire day cleaning and hanging brand new drapes in the room when after he had finished repainting it less than a month ago. His reply shocked her. In so many words he had said that he didn't give a damn about what she thought. He wanted the room spotless and smelling like it had been freshly cleaned when Cheryl arrived. Barbara didn't argue. She did not want to start the day off on a bad foot as far as John was concerned.

In between getting the kid's breakfast and breaking up their spats, Barbara was able to get Cheryl's room finished just as she heard John pull the U-haul truck into the drive. She walked into the kitchen and looked out the window. John was swinging the truck doors open as Cheryl pulled her car into the drive. She saw Cheryl stop and talk to John briefly before walking to the back door. Barbara quickly turned on the coffee pot and pretended she was busy straightening the kitchen as Cheryl entered the room.

"Whew! I'm glad that's over." Cheryl exclaimed as she plopped down at the kitchen table. "I sure am glad to get the hell out of that place and out of Don's life. How are you doing, Barbara? Didja' miss me?"

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara answered as she carried the sugar and creamer, along with three cups, over to the table.

"Good! I'm glad to hear that, because I've got a big night planned for us all tonight." Cheryl ran her hand up Barbara's dress as she set the tray on the table. "But, like I said, as long as the kid's are up and around, it's just plain 'Cheryl'." She put one finger into the leg of Barbara's panties and snapped the elastic. "This, though, is a no-no at any time! From now on, you will wear absolutely NO underclothing unless you have my express permission to do so. I suggest you remove them right this minute. Are you wearing a bra, too?"

"No, I don't have a bra on. I rarely wear one when I'm just cleaning around the house." Barbara said as she slid the panties off her legs and placed them in Cheryl's open hand.

"Good. I never did either. Bend down and open your mouth." Cheryl said as she balled Barbara's panties in her hand. When Barbara bent down with her mouth open, Cheryl inserted the panties into her mouth. "Keep them there until the kids come in, or I tell you to remove them."

Barbara's eyes started to tear and she went to the coffee pot and filled three cups with the dark brew. She was carrying them to the table when John entered.

"Oh! Thank God! Barb, you read my mine. I'm dying for a cup of coffee. How have the kids been?" John sat at the table and waited for Barbara to bring the coffee and answer him. When she set the coffee in front of him, he looked up and saw the tears in her eyes. Barbara opened her mouth and he saw why she had not answered. He stood up and pried the panties out of her mouth and threw them down on the table in front of Cheryl.

"Look, Cheryl, we agreed that this stuff would not take place while the kids were around and could see." John was annoyed. "Let's not start this new relationship off on a bad foot. Okay? I agreed to whatever you wanted, but I'll not take even the remotest chance that my kids will notice something out of place."

Cheryl was surprised by John's outburst. She gathered Barbara's panties into her hand and looked at Barbara.

"You're right, John. I apologize. I must not have been thinking clearly when I put them in her mouth where the kids might notice them." A smile came over Cheryl's face. "Come here, Barbara, and spread your legs."

Barbara walked over to Cheryl and spread her legs as Cheryl reached under her dress and pushed the wadded material into her vagina. She looked over at John and began to sob again.

"That will do for now. Later, we'll put them back in your mouth." Cheryl smugly looked Barbara in the eye and began to sip her coffee.

The trio finished their coffees without much else being said. John was the first to get up from the table and exclaimed "there was work to do" as he left for the truck. Barbara and Cheryl walked out behind him and began giving him a hand in loading the furniture onto the hand cart. When the last load had been taken into the house and put in it's place, John closed the truck doors and climbed into the driver's seat advising Cheryl to follow him to the truck rental agency and drive him home. He then told Barbara to start supper and get the kids cleaned up. Barbara nodded in the affirmative and walked back into the house to begin dinner as John and Cheryl left. While preparing the meal, Barbara thought about taking the panties out of her pussy, but feared that, somehow, Cheryl might notice that she had done so and inflict further punishment. She left them in place and put up with the discomfort while she went about her duties.

Later that afternoon, after the dishes had been washed and put away and the kids bathed and put to bed, Barbara informed Cheryl that she was going in to take her shower and asked what she should wear.

"I don't think clothing will be necessary tonight." Cheryl replied with a sly grin.

"I'm going to have to take these out to douche, you know." Barbara spat out while pointing to her pussy.

"Now let's get something straight right away." Cheryl angrily shot back. "The kids are in bed and I am now 'Mistress Cheryl'. Got it?"

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara meekly answered. "What about my panties, Mistress Cheryl?"

"When you're all finished with everything else, call me. I'll come in and take care of the panties. Until then, leave them right where they are!"

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl". Barbara said with head bowed. "Mistress Cheryl, may I ask a favor?"

"What is it?"

"Mistress Cheryl, John just got done remodeling the basement and I've been dying to see it. Would you please let him show it to me?"

"Oh, yes. I've heard about it. Of course, Barbara. When you're through getting ready, we'll all go downstairs and have a look. I'm rather anxious to see it myself." Cheryl turned to John and winked.

Barbara went to the bathroom and began her shower. She carefully washed her body and shampooed her hair then shaved her legs and pubic area. When through, she dried herself off, brushed her teeth before blow drying her hair, applied a basic amount of make-up and replaced the dog collar around her neck. Satisfied that she could no longer put off the inevitable, she walked to the living room and told Cheryl that she was ready to douche.

"Let's all go see the basement first." Cheryl exclaimed.

Barbara followed John down the stairs as Cheryl brought up the rear. John's face was aglow with pride as he displayed the play room, pointing out the built in toy boxes and color television with its own VCR. He described how he had insulated the room to prevent the sound from spreading through the house and how he chose the paint for the walls so that the kids could use their crayons on them and the marks could be easily wiped clean. After the playroom, he took equal pride in presenting his workshop, describing every detail, without noticing the boredom on the women's face. Next, came the laundry room. It was everything Barbara asked for and more. It was large and featured ample space for the ironing board and iron with a clothes rack, for hanging clothes, running the entire length of one wall. The best feature was the built in laundry chute, which allowed Barbara to throw dirty clothes through a door in a central location upstairs, and have them fall into a basket near the washer. A small TV shelf was mounted on a shelf in the far corner. Barbara was beside herself with glee and was oblivious of her nudity and situation. As she looked around the room, she noticed another door on the wall to her right. She walked up to it and attempted to turn the handle. It was locked.

"Where does this go to? Back to the play room?" Barbara spun around and asked John.

"Uh, no. That's a separate room." John appeared ill at ease when asked about the room. "We, Cheryl and I, decided that there should be another room ..."

"Yes," Cheryl interrupted. "You see, we thought that it would be better to have a room for us adults to use. You know, sort of a 'recreation room'. Do you have the key, John?" She held out her hand toward John.

"Yeah, I have it right here." John fumbled through his pockets and retrieved a ring with several keys on it. He leafed through the set and picked out the one for the door and handed it to Cheryl.

Cheryl inserted the key into the lock and with a twist, opened the door. She flipped a light switch on the wall and stepped aside.

"After you, Barbara. After all, this room was really intended for your use." Cheryl spread her arm out into the room.

Barbara entered the room and immediately gasped out loud. Her hands flew up to cover her nose and mouth and tears began to flow once more. "Oh, no. Oh, no." were the only words she muttered as she looked around the room. It resembled a medieval torture chamber equipped with devices similar to those she saw at the leather goods shop. In the corner to her left was a small cabinet atop of which sat a TV and video recording equipment. Along the same wall was a large laundry basin and above it a shelf. On the shelf was an assortment of enema bags and a douche bulb. The wall directly in front of her was left uncovered and the cinder blocks were painted a dark gray. A number of large hooks and eye bolts were anchored into the wall at various positions. On the wall to her right hung belts, ropes, chains and the cat of nine tails she remembered Cheryl purchasing. Also against that wall stood a small chest of drawers. In the center of the room were two objects which were alien to Barbara. One looked similar to a doctors examination table, complete with stirrups. The other object appeared to be hand made and resembled a carpenter's saw horse. It had a slightly wider board across the top which was padded and covered with leather. One end was shorter that the other, as though the horse were kneeling. Near the bottom of each leg were eye bolts. Barbara looked up at the ceiling and saw that large wood beams ran across it. From several of the beams hung chains and pulleys. She dropped her head and moved her hands upward to cover her eyes as she cried.

"This room, Barbara, was originally designed as a punishment room for those occasions when you require discipline." Cheryl said as she walked to the center of the room and faced her slave. "We put a lot of thought into designing it because we believed it would be in frequent use. The entire room is sound proof so that your cries will not be heard by anyone who may be in another part of the house. To your right, next to the light switch, is a intercom from which we can monitor what is going on upstairs. You know, the kids, or the doorbell, etc. We were so thrilled with the way it came out that we decided to add the video equipment and utilize it to record your punishments and humiliations. How much time you spend in this room depends almost entirely on you. There may be times that we will utilize the room for recording or other things that aren't connected with punishment, but, for the most part, you should fear this room and what it represents."

Barbara did not have to hear those last words to know that this is one room she did not ever want to see again. It was the only room that retained the hard concrete floor and the cool dampness that went along with it. She shivered as the dampness on her bare feet caused a chill to run through her body and she thought about the things that might take place here.

"I guess now would be a good time to take care of those panties and, perhaps, christen the room, Barbara." Cheryl stood with her arms folded across her chest and looked at Barbara. The sight of the woman standing there, nude, quivering, sobbing, in utter despair over her situation, gave Cheryl a rush. The power she held over this beautiful, young, woman caused her to experience an exhilaration like none she had never known. The mere thought of having a cowering slave ready to lick her feet, or anything else, on command, created an immediate flow of juices to soak her pussy.

Barbara looked at Cheryl, then John with a surprised, hollow, gaze. She had done nothing wrong. She did nothing that would call for her punishment. She was about to say so, but thought that might give them reason to escalate their plans for her in this room. Instead, she looked back at Cheryl and spread her legs wide.

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl."

"Well? What are you waiting for? Get them out of your pussy!" Cheryl demanded.

Barbara reached down and inserted her thumb and forefinger into her pussy and grabbed the edge of the panties. She was surprised at how wet they had become and how easily they slid out of her. She held them out towards Cheryl, gripping them with the same two fingers she used to retrieve them from within her.

"What are you handing them to me for? I don't want those smelly things. Don't you remember where they were supposed to go?" Cheryl smirked as she glanced over at John, then thought of something and held up her hand in a halting gesture. "Oh, wait! Dammit, John. We should have this on video tape. Let's start over. John set up the equipment and Barbara, put them back in your pussy."

John hurried over to the recording equipment and began to set everything up as Barbara began inserting the panties back into her vagina. She used her index finger to gingerly poke the wet, slimy material back from where she had just pulled them. She turned to face the video camera, and John, as Cheryl ordered and waited for the command to restart her "performance".

"OK, Barbara, let's run through this." Cheryl began. "When I say 'Action!', what are you going to do?"

"I'm going to pull the panties out of my pussy, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara shakily replied.

"Yes, yes. And then what?"

Barbara was befuddled. She had no idea what she was to do next.

"I ... I don't know what next, Mistress Cheryl"

"Don't you remember where I put them first, before I stuck them in your pussy? Don't you remember my telling you that they would be put back there later? Now, where are you going to put them after you pull them out from your cunt?"

"My ... my ... mouth?, I should put them in my mouth, Mistress Cheryl?"

"See? You do remember. It's amazing how well your memory functions when punishment looms ahead. Are we ready yet, John?"

John nodded affirmatively. Barbara was momentarily blinded when John turned on the camera's bright lights. She stood there in the lights' heat and waited for Cheryl's signal. At the command, she reached back into her pussy and retrieved her panties again. She held them up to the camera at Cheryl's prompting and watched as John worked the zoom in and out. She was humiliated beyond belief when she saw the lens pan over and zoom in on her face. A prod on her ass from Cheryl and Barbara opened her mouth and brought the stinking, wet panties closer. She smelled her juices mingled with the sweat accumulated through a day's worth of housework. Her stomach wrenched and began to feel queasy as the first fringe entered her mouth and touched her tongue. Cheryl whispered asides to Barbara, telling her to face the camera, stuff them entirely into her mouth, smile, etc., etc. When Barbara closed her mouth, making the panties disappear from the camera's view, the camera stopped rolling and Cheryl applauded. The hot lights, however, stayed lit.

"Now we can finish cleaning you up. Douche time, Barbara, then enema time. Isn't this fun, Barbara?"

Barbara's attempted reply came out as an unintelligible muffle which caused Cheryl and John to laugh almost hysterically. Cheryl took Barbara's arm and led her over to the sink while John started the camera rolling again and followed the women. Barbara, tears streaming down her cheeks, was forced to face the camera and smile, allowing just a wisp of the panties to protrude from between her teeth, as Cheryl readied the douche and enema. Her eyes widened when Cheryl held up the enema nozzle in front of them and applied a thin coating of KY Jelly.

Cheryl ordered Barbara to turn around and bend over, keeping her legs spread wide. Barbara complied. Cheryl then ordered her to reach around and spread her cheeks "real wide for the camera". Embarrassed, humiliated and sobbing, Barbara again complied. She felt the nozzle enter her ass and the accompanying flow of water begin to fill her. Within seconds, she felt the large douche tip slide easily into her sopping wet vagina. The liquid shot up to her cervix and rushed back down, creating a trickling stream of vinegar and water to flow down her legs and form a puddle around both of her bare feet. She felt Cheryl squeeze her labia around the nozzle in a vain attempt to stem the flow.

Barbara was at the point where she found it almost impossible to hold any more of the enema inside her. She felt it begin to leak out her rectum and dribble down across her vagina where it mixed with the douche escaping her cunt and flowed to the floor. Suddenly, she felt Cheryl's hand on the enema nozzle and breathed a slight sigh of relief. Cheryl ordered her to use one hand to squeeze her pussy shut as she removed the douche nozzle. Barbara took one hand from her buttocks and squeezed her pussy as tightly as she could as Cheryl slowly removed the nozzle from it. Cheryl then pushed a butt plug, the large, penis shaped one purchased at the adult novelty store, into Barbara's other hand and told her to get ready to insert it as soon as the enema nozzle was removed. It was all Barbara could do to get the butt plug into her ass as quickly as necessary to stop the water from gushing out. Still bent over, ass to the whirring camera, one hand squeezing her vagina while the other held the butt plug in place, Barbara wept profusely.

Barbara stood and faced the camera as directed to by Cheryl. Her crying had made it necessary for her to breathe through her mouth which, in turn, had allowed the wad of panties to protrude. She found it impossible to smile for the camera as Cheryl again ordered and managed only a sympathetic, tear filled, smile. The image of her standing there, in that predicament, caused John and Cheryl to break out in laughter once more. As soon as Cheryl allowed her to, Barbara made a quick dash to the bathroom to get rid of the liquids that filled her. She heard the continued laughter while she ran and Barbara wanted to die.

Cheryl was standing next to the saw horse contraption when Barbara returned. In her hands, Cheryl held what appeared to be several leather dog collars similar to the one around Barbara's neck. The only difference being the ones in Cheryl's hands were wider and shorter than the one Barbara wore. Barbara soon learned that these "collars" were, in actuality, wrist and ankle cuffs. As Cheryl strapped them on her arms and legs, Barbara noticed that each cuff sported its own snap clasp which dangled freely. When completed with her task, Cheryl stepped back and pondered her handiwork.

"Well I think they really look good on you Barbara. They go so well with your collar and seem to put the finishing touches on you. In fact, I like them so much I'm going to insist you wear them every evening when you present yourself. It might save us a lot of time." Cheryl reached forward and freed a clasp which had gotten snagged on one of the studs adorning a wrist cuff. She placed her hand under Barbara's chin and raised her down-cast eyes up to meet hers. She stared deeply into them as Barbara did to hers.

"John tells me he always fantasized about fucking you in the ass, Barbara." Cheryl spoke in low, gentle tones. "You'd like that, wouldn't you? You'd love to feel John's big cock stretching your asshole, huh?

Barbara, unable to speak through the panties, nodded her head up and down as tears began flowing again.

"Yes, I thought so. You, being the slut you are, would certainly enjoy anything being shoved up your ass. Well, take those panties out of your mouth and crawl over to him and get him ready. Take his pants off and start sucking him until he 's good and hard."

Barbara dropped to her hands and knees and crawled over to John. As soon as she undid his belt and began to unzip his fly, she noticed that John needed no further attention to get ready. His cock had swollen to its limit and pushed its way through the opening in his boxer shorts when she pulled his pants down. She hooked her finger into the waistband of his underwear and pulled them down to his pants, already at his ankles. John stepped out of both and stood before her. She gently cradled his testicles with one hand and used the other hand to begin feeding his cock over her flicking tongue and into her mouth. She sucked his cock deep into her mouth, until she felt the tip banging against the back of her neck. Her head bobbed and her hand feverishly massaged his balls. She felt John's hands on the back of her head as he held her firmly while thrusting his hips forward in an attempt to drive his hard cock deeper and deeper into her. In what seemed like only a few moments after she had begun sucking, Barbara felt Cheryl hands pulling her backwards.

"Whoa. I said 'get him ready', not 'get him off'." Cheryl exclaimed as she pulled Barbara away from John's cock and lifted her to her feet. "Let's see how this table works now, shall we?"

Cheryl pulled Barbara over to the sawhorse and made her straddle it at its high end then lie down on her stomach across the narrow beam connecting the two sets of legs. When Barbara was in position, Cheryl bent down and fastened the snaps on the wrist and ankle cuffs to the eye bolts screwed into the table's legs. In this position, Barbara's head was barely 18 inches off the floor, about knee high, while her rump jutted upwards offering anyone behind her a perfect view of her rear end and vagina. Cheryl stepped back to survey the scene and decided the bench needed repositioning. She bent back down and began turning a small crank handle connected to a worm gear that ran the length of the table. As she cranked, the table's legs spread wider apart causing the entire unit to move lower and the victim's arms and legs to spread wider and wider. When she noticed Barbara begin to wince in pain from the spreading of her legs, Cheryl stopped cranking and stepped back again for another look. This time Barbara's head was almost touching the floor while her legs were spread so wide that they had actually begun to pull her labia and anus open.

"Perfect!" Cheryl announced. She walked behind the outspread Barbara and slowly pulled out the butt plug still firmly in place. "She's all yours, John."

John moved in behind Barbara and pointed the end of his dick at the puckered hole before him. Cheryl, in the meantime, moved over to the video camera and pressed the buttons that caused it to hum once more.

"Wait a minute!" Cheryl interrupted. "Damn! I'm so excited I'm forgetting everything tonight." She went over to the cabinet behind Cheryl and took out the large black vibrator. As she began to insert it into Barbara's dripping vagina, she turned the switch on the bottom and the vibrator started humming and vibrating intensely. The vibrating startled Barbara and she lurched forward uncontrollably.

"OK! Now you're ready, John" Cheryl said, as though the fact needed a final, firm statement to assure its accuracy.

Barbara felt the tip of John's cock against her anus again. This time there was no interruption, no pause, no sudden withdrawal, no orders or vocalizing. Just the pressure and the pain as the huge tool slowly inched its way past the tight opening. Once the tip had made it way past the rim, the rest of the cock followed easily. She felt its length deep within her belly. She felt it pressing against the vibrator nested in her vagina. As John began pumping his hips and working the cock in and out of Barbara's ass. the vibrator would press against her clitoris, shooting unholy sensations through her body. Although totally embarrassed, humiliated and down-fallen, Barbara felt the beginning of an orgasm to build within her. She could not fight it. She couldn't tell it that it wasn't right to happen now, under these circumstances. She couldn't focus her mind on the disgusting objects around her or the smiling, leering Cheryl watching the goings on with sinister joy. She had no control over her own body at these times. She felt her hips beginning to move back and forth in syncopation with John's. The vibrations emanating from the object thrust into her pussy seemed to intensify as John's thrusts became faster and harder. Her hands gripped the legs of the table and her fingernails dug into the hard wood as her swooning began. Soon, very soon, Barbara knew her entire body would be overcome by the dizzying, tingling, ultimate high known as orgasm. Her ears beg an ringing so loudly she couldn't hear her own words.

"Yes! Yes! Fuck me! Fuck my ass! Fuck it harder!"

Barbara's screams caught Cheryl by surprise. She had never heard, nor seen, Barbara so uninhibited and so wild. She double checked the camera's view finder to make sure that the entire scene was being captured by the lens. She would enjoy playing this segment back for Barbara to watch over and over again. She watched John give one final, hard lunge forward and knew that he had come. At almost the same instant, Barbara began twitching and shaking violently and Cheryl knew that she, too, had reached Heaven's gate. Cheryl felt a warm rubbing sensation on her own pussy and looked down to see her own hand massaging it through her dress. She stopped abruptly and stood, motionless, watching the husband and wife come back down to Earth.

When it was over, John stumbled back to his clothing and tugged his shorts and pants back over his hips and limp penis. He was gasping for air and unable to speak as he looked at, or rather through, Cheryl.

Cheryl strode across the room towards Barbara. After staring at the semen dripping out of her captive's ass and running down to the vagina, Cheryl grabbed the vibrator, switched it off and pulled it out. She gently tossed it onto the table and returned to unsnap Barbara's cuffs from the table's legs. When finished, she walked to the sink and leaned against its coolness with her legs spread wide and her eyes still on Barbara.

"Now that you two have had your fun, it's my turn." She looked directly at Barbara's drooped head and paused waiting, but not really expecting, a response. "Crawl over here, Barbara and start licking my pussy and ass. I want you to lick them like you've never licked them before. I want to have the biggest fucking orgasm in my fucking life!"

Barbara rolled off the sawhorse and crawled over to Cheryl. Now that her orgasm was over and her body satisfied, the guilt was taking control. She never looked up at their faces, but knew that Cheryl was smiling and John eagerly watching, as she pushed her head under Cheryl's dress and began to lick her vagina. She felt Cheryl unbutton the front of her dress and let it fall open, exposing her body, and Barbara's face, to the camera's lens. Barbara reached around Cheryl's hips and beg an to work her fingers towards her ass. She playfully ran the tips of her fingernails over and around the rim before shoving one into the tight hole as she shoved her tongue deep into her vagina. She felt Cheryl push against her mouth, then finger in a slow, methodical rhythm. When Cheryl's hand began pushing her head tighter against the sweet twat, Barbara realized that Cheryl's orgasm was not far off. She worked her tongue faster and let it emerge from her pussy only long enough to trace the edge of the opening occupied by her probing finger. She wanted this over quickly. She wanted this to end now. She knew from experience that the only way to end this night would be to provide Cheryl with what she demanded -- one big fucking orgasm. As she was thinking it, it happened. Cheryl's juices filled her mouth and her bucking hips made it difficult for Barbara to continue licking. She moved her head away slightly and withdrew her finger from Cheryl's ass and let it drag across her cunt and over the clitoris as Cheryl quivered.

"That was great!" Cheryl's praise pleased Barbara. It would mean the night was drawing to a close. Cheryl buttoned her dress and signaled John to stop the recorder.

"Well, I'm ready for a good night's sleep. How about you, John?"

"You bet. It's been a long, hard day capped off with the greatest fuck I've ever had." John put the video equipment away and handed the tape to Cheryl.

"It is now 11:45. I want you to stay down her until 1 a.m., Barbara. At 1, and not before, you may come upstairs. While you're here, feel free to look around at the many instruments of pain and pleasure we have purchased for you. You should look and remember what you see. You should pray that we never have occasion to use these toys. It will serve to remind you of what lies in store should you dare to disobey or show disrespect." Cheryl walked to the door and stood aside as John exited, then turned back to Barbara. "When you leave, lock the door then report to my bedroom. Waken me by licking my asshole. Lick as long as it takes to wake me." Cheryl walked out of the room and shut the door behind her.

At first Barbara refused to look around the room. She did not want to see these obscene instruments of torture and lust. As the clock slowly ticked off the minutes as though they were hours, curiosity got the best of her. She began looking and feeling everything in the room. The whips, the chains, the nipple clamps and weights, the dildos and vibrators, the leather harnesses, the gags, the blindfolds. Each one caused her to shiver from fright. She vowed never to do anything which one necessitate their use.

When the clock reached 1, Barbara shut off the light and locked the door behind her. She ascended the basement stairs and walked directly to Cheryl's room. She saw Cheryl lying on her stomach across the bed. She was totally naked and had her legs spread. Barbara quietly tiptoed over and placed her tongue on Cheryl's asshole. She began licking.

****************

Barbara had gotten the kids of to Sunday School and John off fishing without incident and was just finishing putting the clean breakfast dishes away when Cheryl walked into the kitchen. Obviously just out of bed, Cheryl wore only a robe and slippers. Her hair was in disarray and her face bore the look of someone not quite alert yet.

"Any coffee left?" She asked Barbara as she lit a cigarette and searched for an ash tray.

"I think there's enough left for each of us." Barbara reached into the cupboard and pulled out two mugs which she filled with the remains of the morning's coffee. She grabbed the cups with one hand, an ash tray with the other, and carried them to the table. She plopped down in her usual chair and passed the coffee and ash tray to Cheryl. Both woman stared into the cups between sips and did not speak to each other.

Barbara got up from the table and cleared the emptied cups while Cheryl reached for another cigarette.

"So what's on the agenda for today?" Cheryl asked.

"Nothing unusual." Barbara replied. "Just straighten up around the house and do some laundry. You know, the usual housewifely duties."

"How'd you sleep last night?" Cheryl smiled as she asked Barbara the question.

Barbara cringed. She remembered licking Cheryl's ass for what seemed like hours. She swore that Cheryl was awake and pretending to be asleep just to keep her licking. She remembered Cheryl finally mumbling about how good it felt and to keep it up. She did just that until she could no longer stay awake and closed her eyes. When she awoke this morning, her face was still between Cheryl's legs. She remembered the feelings of disgust and despair that she felt when she jumped up and hurried into the bath room to wash up and brush her teeth in preparation to rousing her family for the new day.

"Fine, thanks. It wasn't quite enough, though. I'm still dragging." Barbara wanted to sound polite and cordial without giving Cheryl the satisfaction of hearing her complain or whine about last night.

"I slept GREAT!" Cheryl said. "You know, Barbara, you have the softest, most talented, tongue imaginable." She couldn't resist the little reminder of Barbara's services. She waited for some kind of acknowledgment and was a little annoyed when Barbara just continued to straighten up to counter without so much as a pause.

"You know, Barbara, I think you'd be much more comfortable doing your housework in the nude."

No. Don't tell me it's going to start so soon. Not this early. Barbara reached down, untied the belt and removed her robe. Without speaking a word, she continued with her chores completely nude except for the dog collar, her constant reminder. She wiped, dusted, picked up, and moved things about while being totally aware of Cheryl's presence and watchful glare.

"I'll be going out to dinner tonight." Cheryl announced. "So don't bother setting a place for me. I've got a date! I'm so excited. My first date since my break-up. Remember to wait up for me -- nude and ready, of course."

"Good for you. I'm glad. Yes, I'll wait up for you." Barbara went about her duties elated that she would have the entire evening with the kids and John. She hoped Cheryl's date would be the start of a lasting relationship and that Cheryl would eventually remarry and forget all about this current arrangement. She thought about the prospects of that happening each time she paused from her housework. Her spirits were lifted and the day seemed somewhat better now. The rest of the day flew by. It was one of the happiest days Barbara had in quite some time.

Later that night, after everyone had gone to bed, Barbara sat on the couch and enjoyed the serenity of the empty living room. The TV was on but the volume was turned down to an almost inaudible level. No sound was needed. Barbara had seen this rerun a zillion times. She was just happy to relax and stretch out without be ordered to do this or do that. She realized that this peace would end as soon as Cheryl returned home, but for now she was content, just lying around.

Barbara glanced up at the clock as she heard the car pull into the drive. It was 12:28 on the nose. She listened as she heard one car door slam, and then another slam. That couldn't be. Surely Cheryl wasn't bringing her date here. Panic struck. Should she remain nude as ordered? Or should she throw on her robe to greet the guest? She froze in a sitting position on the couch as the front door opened and Cheryl peeked in.

"Oh, good. You did wait up." Cheryl's giggle and stumbling gate revealed her use of a bit to much alcohol that evening. "Barbara, I'd like you to meet Ronald."

Barbara stood up and nodded her head as the handsome stranger walked through the room. He was a very tall man with wavy black hair and rugged good looks. The kind of man you'd expect to see in some action movie or Marlboro commercial. He looked at Barbara and his eyes opened to twice their normal size.

"Ronald, this is Barbara, the girl I was telling you about. You remember, the one with the many talents?" Cheryl couldn't help but giggle at the end of each sentence.

"Hi, Barbara. Glad to meet you. Cheryl's been telling me about you all evening long."

I'll bet she has. Barbara though to herself. Her face reddened when she remembered her nudity and she squeezed her legs together a little tighter.

"Yes, I can imagine. It's nice meeting you, Ronald." Barbara politely replied.

"Now, now. Don't disappoint me, Barbara." Cheryl shook her finger at Barbara as she closed the double doors leading to the rest of the house. "It's 'Master Ronald'."

"Yes, I'm sorry, Mistress Cheryl. It's nice meeting you, Master Ronald." Barbara dropped her head and waited for the next command. She hoped, prayed, that she would not be led to the basement room.

Cheryl grabbed Ronald's hand and led him to the couch where they both sat down.

"Assume the position, Barbara." Cheryl barked and then giggled as Barbara snapped to the position. "Ronald and I had a really good time tonight. The only problem is that we're both a little horny and I suggested we come here where I was sure you could take care of our little problem. You will do that for us, won't you, Barbara?"

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl." She answered. She was much to humiliated to face either of them and opted for a spot on the wall behind the sofa above their heads.

"Good! Well, get to work! Crawl on over here and see if your talented mouth can get Ronald as ready for me as it got John ready for you last night."

Barbara sobbed and her lower lip trembled as she crawled over to the couch and looked up at Ronald. His eyes remained glued on hers. Embarrassed, she quickly shifted her attention to his crotch and began unbuckling his belt. He raised his hips as Barbara pulled his trousers and underwear off together and laid them neatly on the sofa next to him. Her gaze was again directed to his crotch and the massive penis that hung there. She had never seen such a long, thick dick -- not even in pictures. She looked back up at his face and saw him smiling down on her while Cheryl was licking and blowing into his ear. Slowly she eased one hand under his testicles and gently cradled them while she gripped the huge cock with her other hand. Barbara knew there was no way possible for her to fit all of this cock down her throat. She leaned her head forward and began licking the head. Her tongue worked around the head and down one side of the shaft and up the other, returning to the bulbous end to repeat the sequence. A giggle, followed by a stern warning from Cheryl made Barbara put the tip of Ronald's cock into her mouth. She worked as much in as possible and then began bobbing her head as the cock slid in and out. She looked up as she sucked and saw Cheryl and Ronald in a tight embrace, their tongues intertwined and searching every nook and cranny of the other's mouth.

"Oh, God!" Cheryl exclaimed. "Let me get that cock inside me." Cheryl pushed Barbara's head aside as she straddled Ronald's lap.

"Stick it in, Barbara! Put that cock into my pussy!" Cheryl was on her knees looking over her shoulder at Barbara.

Barbara eased the head of the cock to the center of Cheryl's pussy and slid the tip between the damp lips guarding the entrance. She held the shaft rigid as Cheryl lowered herself onto it. Barbara was amazed that Cheryl was able to engulf the entire cock with no trouble at all. She knelt with mouth open in awe as Cheryl moved up and down allowing the glistening cock to appear almost in its entirety then disappear in the pink hole between her legs.

"Don't just sit there, girl. DO SOMETHING!" Cheryl screamed. "Lick his balls! Lick my asshole. Lick!"

Barbara lowered her head and began licking everything in front of her. The couple's frantic motions prohibited her from concentrating on any one spot. She licked everything and anything that happened to move in front of her tongue. She wasn't sure whether she was more embarrassed or excited, but she was sure she feared the basement. She worked her tongue feverishly in an attempt to please them both, hoping that they would be so consumed with pleasure they would forget about the basement. It worked. Cheryl's rapidly increasing gyrations and Ronald's moaning announced the arrival of their mutual orgasm. Within moments the movements stopped and Barbara watched as Cheryl kissed and licked every crevice on Ronald's face. Finally, Cheryl rolled off his lap and spread her legs wide as she looked at Barbara still kneeling.

"Time for you to get to work, slut!" Cheryl said. "Suck the cum out of my pussy and, when you're finished doing that, lick Ronald's beautiful cock clean."

Barbara face turned red as she planted it between Cheryl's thighs once again. She hated it when Cheryl called her those names, especially in front of others. It was bad enough to be forced to submit to these dirty acts without being called disgusting names. Barbara was not a slut. She wanted to scream that out. To let Ronald know that she was doing this because she's forced to do it under the threat of blackmail, not because she enjoyed it. She wanted to scream at Cheryl and slap her face for calling her that name, but doing so would definitely win her a trip to the basement "horror chamber" for further humiliation and pain. Instead, she put her lips to Cheryl's pussy and set her tongue to work collecting the large load of semen dribbling out. When satisfied that she had gotten all of the cum from Cheryl's cunt transferred into her stomach, Barbara licked Cheryl's pubic mound clean. She licked the sweaty hairs and folds of skin where the thighs met the torso and returned to give the vagina one final lick before moving over to Ronald and cleansing his tool of sweat and pussy juice. She licked every inch of it and then moved to his balls and licked every inch of them, right up to his asshole, before she stopped and looked up at Cheryl.

"Good Job." Cheryl proclaimed then, turning to Ronald asked, "Well, what do you think of my little whore now? I told you there was nothing she wouldn't do, didn't I?"

Barbara hunched her shoulder and hung her head down as she began sobbing again. SHE HATED BEING CALLED THAT! She heard Ronald reply that she was worth whatever Cheryl pays her and that humiliated her further. She felt Cheryl's bare foot on her forehead and, before she could look up, Cheryl pushed her backward, flat on her back on the floor.

"Your work is finished tonight, tramp. Get out of here and leave us alone."

Barbara didn't know whether Cheryl's sudden mean temperament was due to the effect of the alcohol or just a way of showing off to her new boy friend. Neither did she care. She rose up and quickly made her way to the bathroom where she washed up before joining John, already in bed. She was relieved that the evening ended without a trip to the basement and with relatively little, although extremely degrading, activity on her part. She climbed under the sheets and snuggled up to John. She wondered whether he had been awake and heard any of what went on. A loud snore escaped his throat and Barbara was satisfied that he had not. She wrapped her arms around him and fell asleep.

************************

The days went by as usual. Usual meaning Barbara getting the kids off to school and John to work before stripping nude to do the housework while Cheryl watched and oft times interrupting Barbara to have her lick her feet or pussy or what have you. At times, Barbara was forced to accomplish her tasks with dildos inserted in her vagina and anus held in place with either a leather harness or rubber panties. During the afternoons, Cheryl usually made Barbara pose for Polaroid pictures. These photo sessions usually involved Barbara masturbating with various objects, including hands, dildos, bottles, mop handles, etc., or with Barbara spreading her labia and butt cheeks apart for close-ups. The sessions would start with Barbara feeling extremely humiliated and degraded but usually ended with her achieving an intense orgasm followed with equally intense feelings of guilt. Barbara was becoming accustomed to the degradation and followed Cheryl's instructions without hesitation, but she never got used to the guilt that followed.

The evening sessions, with John present, were particularly upsetting to Barbara. She would be forced to watch Cheryl make love to her husband while she licked one or the other and "assisted" with either the "preparation" or insertion. On those nights when either John or Cheryl were not "in the mood", she would be required to masturbate or perform other disgusting acts. Trips to the basement were becoming more and more frequent, but were seldom for punishment. Barbara had resigned her self to her situation and carried out orders perfectly, without any indication of refusal. Her fear of the whips and paddles was greater than her loathing of the acts she was made to carry out. Not that Cheryl wouldn't find something wrong with the way she did certain things. These little "flaws" were not great enough for any whipping or severe form of punishment though. They would usually involve a "training session" followed by "memory incentives" such as wearing nipple clamps with weights attached and doing jumping exercises, or by being forced to hold in a large enema for a length period of time. Although they were painful and discomforting at the time, Barbara was grateful that she had not yet felt the sting of belts and paddles.

During today's afternoon photo session Barbara was on her knees with forehead planted firmly on the floor and her hands spreading her butt cheeks while Cheryl worked the large vibrator in and out of her ass, pausing to snap pictures at various degrees of insertion.

"Guess who I got a call from this morning?" Cheryl asked with a cheeriness better suited for the lunch table than this situation.

"I don't know, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara's discomfort caused by the huge vibrator being shoved into her ass was evident in her shaking voice.

"Mr. Bryant." Cheryl said. "You remember Mr. Bryant, Don's boss, don't you?"

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara would never forget Mr. Bryant and the night she was forced to have sex with a dog just to please his jaded interests.

"Yes, I thought you would." Cheryl continued. "It seems he is hosting a show for all his customers and prospects and he wanted to know if I could get you to display your talents as part of a special treat for them. He said there would only be about 50 or 60 buyers there. At first I wasn't sure what special talents he was talking about, but then it occurred to me what he had in mind."

Barbara shivered and felt the goose bumps form on her arms and legs as Cheryl spoke. She knew Cheryl was perfectly aware of what Mr. Bryant wanted to see from the beginning. This little game of words Cheryl was playing was only intended to tease her. She remained silent, waiting for Cheryl to finish the story and hoping it would not end as she feared it would.

"I checked with Jackie, my old neighbor, and she said she'd gladly let you use Rocco again, only, this time, she'd like to be present to witness it. Soooo....." Cheryl drug out the ending to the extreme knowing Barbara's insides were churning. "I called Mr. Bryant back and told him you'd be glad to do it. It's a week from this Thursday."

Barbara panicked. The idea of being fucked by a dog in front of 50 people made her lose control of her judgment. She leapt up, letting the dildo slide out of her ass, and spun around facing Cheryl. Dropping to her knees once again, she beg an crying.

"No! Please, Mistress Cheryl, not that again. Not in front of all those people. I can't, Mistress Cheryl. Please, Please call him back and say 'no'. I'll do anything else you want. Please!"

Cheryl was stunned. Her shock soon turned to a feeling of elation as she watched Barbara groveling at her feet. She knew this announcement would set Barbara off into one of her crying fits, but she hadn't reckoned on this all out display of refusal and pleading. She picked up the fallen vibrator and grabbed Barbara's hair, pulling her head up in line with hers. She looked at Barbara's tear filled eyes for a moment then placed the vibrator on her lips.

"Open!" Cheryl jammed the large vibrator into Barbara's mouth with one strong thrust. "How dare you act this way! I thought by now that you realized your station in life. Just remember that your body, all of your body, is at my complete disposal. YOU DO WHAT I SAY! I may not have control over your mind, but I most certainly control your body. You must realize that you have to control your mind to the extent that is does not interfere with what I say goes on with your body. To put it another way, my dear, your body is MY toy. I will do with it whatever I want. Whatever whimsical notion hits me, your body is there to carry it out for me. Got It?"

Barbara couldn't speak with the dildo stuffing her mouth. She just nodded her head affirmatively against the strains of Cheryl's grip on her hair.

"Good." Cheryl responded. "In a way, Barb, your outbreak pleases me. It means that I will finally get the opportunity to use some of the equipment in the cellar that has been neglected since their purchase. You will regret this pitiful outburst later this evening. Now turn around, assume your previous position and stick that vibrator back into your ass -- all the way into your ass! Then I want you to continue your housework while reciting out loud the parts of your body that belong to me. For example, I want you to say 'My cunt belongs to Cheryl'. Now snap to it!"

Barbara slowly turned around on her knees and placed her forehead on the floor. Her ass was once again facing Cheryl. She placed the dildo against her anus and began to insert it very slowly. She felt the huge plastic cock making its way deep into her bowels until she could push it in no further. With a sudden jolt, she felt Cheryl push it in still deeper, causing a burning pain that caused Barbara to think that she surely had been injured. At Cheryl's command, Barbara stood up and resumed her cleaning, all the while exclaiming how her tits and ass and cunt belonged to Cheryl. Cheryl would repeatedly yell at her to talk louder until Barbara was virtually screaming her undignified message.

That evening Barbara delayed getting the kids to bed as long as she could. It was John who had admonished her to stop procrastinating and start preparing herself for the punishment. His warning cut her like a knife. She had hoped that he would be merciful and perhaps even veto Cheryl's plan to use her as a public stage show. She realized that was not to be. Somehow, Cheryl had taken control of John's mind to the same extent that she had Barbara's body. Barbara looked into John's eyes and, with tear filled eyes, pleaded with him to show her pity. It was to no avail as John simply walked away and went into the living room to sit next to Cheryl. Beaten, Barbara put the kids to bed and went directly to the bathroom to make herself ready for her mistress.

Barbara entered the living room naked except for her dog collar, wrist and ankle cuffs. She glanced at Cheryl and John seated on the couch and assumed her position in the center of the room. She stood that way, hands clasped behind her head and legs spread apart, for what seemed an eternity before either of them acknowledged her presence. Finally Cheryl looked directly at her face and scanned her entire body length.

"I don't see any reason to start anything up here, Barbara. Get down on your hands and knees and crawl to basement fun room. John and I will be right behind you." Cheryl's voice was neither raised or emphatic, just cold.

Barbara dropped to her knees and began crawling towards the basement door. When she reached up to turn the door handle, Cheryl slapped her hand and told her to use her mouth "like a good bitch would". Though it took several attempts, Barbara managed to open the door with her mouth and started down the stairs. She wondered what her abusers were thinking as they watched her decline to stairs with butt high in the air and accessible. The moment she had dreaded for so long was about to occur. The door to "the fun room" was equally difficult to open with her mouth but, again, she was able to accomplish it after several failed attempts. As she crawled into the room, she felt the cold concrete floor scraping her knees. When Barbara heard the door slam shut, she stopped crawling and awaited further orders.

"Did the little slut douche and give herself a proper enema tonight?" Cheryl asked.

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara replied. She looked at Cheryl's feet which were right in front of her. She had been allowed to give herself the enema for the past week now. It was a "time conserving measure" initiated by Cheryl after the process of having to give her an enema every evening got boring.

"Good." Cheryl replied. "Now we can get right to the training and punishment part of the evening. You must learn to NEVER refuse, hesitate to carry out or question the authority of any order given you by me. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl."

"As I told you before, you are MINE! Your body belongs to ME! I do with it what I want. You have absolutely no say in the matter. Understood?"

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara began sobbing heavily.

"Just so there will be no doubt about my authority over Barbara, do you agree with me, John?" Cheryl looked at John setting up the video camera.

"Yeah, Cheryl. You know it's okay with me. Whatever you want to do with Barbara is all right so long as it doesn't inflict any permanent injury or scars." John answered like a peon would address his boss at work.

"Now, Barbara, lick the feet of your owner."

Barbara leaned her head forward and began licking Cheryl's shoe covered feet. When she finished licking the smooth leather of one foot, Cheryl shifted her ankle exposing the sole. Barbara needed no additional hint as to what was expected of her. She licked the dirty soles of the shoes from toe to heel and when she had finished with that foot, Cheryl offered her the other. As disgusting as it was, Barbara suspected this humiliation was tame compared to what was in store for her when she was done. She had never been so right in her life. Her sobs and tears were being shed not because of what she was now doing, but for what lie ahead. When she finished the second foot, Barbara raised her head enough to catch a glimpse of John operating the VCR and sporting a huge hard-on. She started to cry again, this time the tears flowed from feeling sorry for herself and her dwindling relationship with the person she loved most -- John.

"Just as I suspected." Cheryl broke the silence. "Anything involving your tongue would be done exquisitely. And who do you suppose owns your tongue, Barbara?" Cheryl grabbed Barbara's hair again and lifted her head up.

"You do, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara answered between sobs and wincing from the pain of her hair being pulled.

"Right again. That tongue will lick anything I command it to lick." Cheryl loosened her grip on Barbara's hair allowing the poor girl's head to droop against her chest again. "Okay, get up let's get started with the punishment so you won't soon forget what you learned today."

Barbara rose up to her feet and was immediately led to the sawhorse. In a scant few minutes she once again found her ankles and wrists snapped to the legs and her butt raised high off the floor. Her spread legs exposed her anus and vagina completely. The next thing she knew, Cheryl was inserting the penis shaped gag into her mouth and strapping in place to prevent it from coming out. She could tell from the taste of the phallus on her tongue that Cheryl had first inserted it into her own vagina before putting it into her mouth. She felt her head being lifted by her hair again and saw the leather thongs of the cat- of-nine tails dangling in front of her eyes. The sight of the whip-like instrument frightened her immensely and her eyes opened wide expressing her fear. A few giggles from Cheryl and the cat disappeared from view.

A stinging, burning sensation across her right buttock informed Barbara where the cat had disappeared to. She heard Cheryl count "1" followed by "24 to go" and she began to tremble. The second lash fell on her left buttock, followed by a third on her right one again. These alternate lashes lasted until the count of 10. The eleventh blow landed further down, and on the inside, of her thigh. This, too, lasted for a count of 10. Each blow brought greater pain and Barbara tried to scream each time the tails landed. The rubber "penis" in her mouth stifled her screams and made them sound more like moans. Just when she thought it couldn't get any worse than this, the 21st blow landed squarely on her anus, the tails stretching from her lower back to the beginning of her vagina. Barbara nearly passed out from the pain. The gag in her mouth was choking her sobs and the tears falling to the floor were so abundant they created, not wet spots, but puddles. The 22nd blow caught her vagina and Barbara began to writhe violently attempting to dodge any further blows. The next two blows fell alternately on her anus and vagina again, followed by the 25th blow across the small of her back.

A moment after the lashing stopped, Barbara smelt the aroma of witch hazel fill the room. Then she felt it. The liquid felt ice cold when it first landed on her aching butt. The coolness was replaced with violently burning when it ran down the crack between her cheeks, across her anus and vagina and down the inside of Barbara's tender thighs. She squirmed furiously and pulled against her restraints as the pain increased as time went by. She heard the whir of the camcorder and the laughter of Cheryl as she moved her hips in desperation. When she opened her eyes again, she saw Cheryl's shoes once more.

"That's stage 1, Barbara." Cheryl had once again lifted Barbara's head by her hair. "Just to show your husband's compliance, John is going to finish the spanking with 5 blows with this." Cheryl held the long, narrow, wooden paddle in front of Barbara's face and chuckled when she saw her frightened reaction. "Make them count, John. No love taps or I'll do it all over again myself."

Barbara shook her head from side to side hoping Cheryl would show some mercy. Her silent pleas fell on deaf eyes and she felt the first blow of the paddle land on both buttocks. Then the second, third, fourth and, finally, the fifth. By this time the pain was so bad Barbara thought that surely she must be bleeding. Surely the cat and the paddle had cut into her flesh and opened large gashes. Nothing could hurt so badly without causing at least that much damage. Her salty perspiration mixed with the remains of the witch hazel prevented the pain from leaving. Barbara thought that they must have set a flame to her buttocks. The burning, aching sensations were unlike anything she had ever felt before.

Barbara heard some scuffling and the sound of her wrist and ankle cuffs being unsnapped from the tables legs. She remained sprawled across the sawhorse unable to move her lower extremities without pain. She felt hands grab her arms and lift her off the table. She felt herself being dragged across the hard floor to the wall. She felt the gag being removed from her mouth allowing her to breathe deeply once more. She felt her body being lifted and her arms being raised above her head and fastened to the chains dangling from the ceiling. She felt her legs being spread wide and fastened to chains which, in turn, were fastened to rings mounted in the floor. She was suspended in mid air. Neither hands nor feet touched a surface. S he opened her eyes and saw the blurry images of Cheryl and John wheeling a strange object into position between her legs. It appeared to be a tripod, made of metal legs, and holding a motor to which was connected a long pipe which could be adjusted by rotating a large gear. She closed her eyelids and felt something touching her vagina. As the object began to part her labia and force its way into her, Barbara knew it was another dildo -- a very large dildo. Larger than she had seen before. As it worked past the opening, Barbara felt her vagina being stretched to its limits, and perhaps beyond. It seemed to take the dildo forever to reach her cervix. There was no way this thing inside her could ever bring anyone pleasure, she thought. This thing was meant to cause pain. A task it accomplished very well. She reopened her eyes just in time to see John plug the motor into an extension cord.

"You've had your lesson and punishment, Barbara. Now you must take time to reflect on what you have done wrong. Do you remember what started this? Do you remember what it is that you refused to do? Now tell me, Barbara, what is it that you are going to do for Mr. Bryant." Cheryl had stepped in front of Barbara.

Barbara opened her eyes and looked down at Cheryl. Tears continued to flow and the pain was still tormenting her butt and thighs. The huge dildo inside her was becoming warm and she felt an oil-like substance oozing out of it and filling her vagina. The oil dripped out of her cunt soothing her abused pussy and easing the pain generated by the huge instrument of torture lodged inside her. In spite of her pain and embarrassment, Barbara knew she must answer or be subjected to even more punishment. She nodded her head as she spoke softly and deliberately.

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl. I remember. I'm going to let myself be fucked by a dog again so Mr. Bryant can entertain his customers." Barbara's head fell down against her heaving breasts and her eyes closed again.

"Yes, you are going to do that, and anything else they ask you to do." Cheryl enjoyed tormenting her slave. "I'll bet that with 60 men there you'll wind up sucking at least 30 or 40 of them and being fucked by another 25 -- in both ass and cunt. I'll wager that you'll have more cum in you when the night is over that you've seen in your entire life. Then do you know what you are going to do, my little whore?"

Barbara began crying at the prospects of that night. She was sobbing and heaving so greatly she found it difficult to answer.

"No, Mistress Cheryl. I don't know what I'm going to do next."

"Well, after the party's over, you're coming home and telling me every little detail. Your going to describe each cock you sucked and each one that fucked your ass and each one that fucked your cunt. When you've finished telling me how good each one felt, you're going to lick my ass and my cunt until I come. Then, if you've been especially good, I'll let you sleep at my feet." Cheryl stopped talking and allowed her words to be digested by Barbara before continuing.

"Now, Barbara, you can spend the night down here. I'll come get you in the morning, but right now I'm going upstairs and going to bed with your husband. I'm gonna fuck him all night long while you hang here being fucked by this machine."

Cheryl motioned to John and he clicked a switch on the tripod. Barbara felt the heated dildo begin to withdraw from her pussy. It was so thick that even the withdrawal caused discomfort. Just before its huge head came out of her pussy, Barbara felt it begin to make its way back in. She felt it pushing hard against her cervix before withdrawing again. She looked at John and Cheryl and watched them look at her before they shut off the light and left the room. She sobbed hysterically as she listened at their footsteps climbing the stairs. For the remainder of the night, her mind was occupied by thoughts of them making love in her bed and by the pain wracking her body. She would not have an orgasm tonight. She would not slept his night. This, she thought, must be what Hell is like.

********************

The night of Mr. Bryant's party had arrived and Barbara was busy readying herself for the evening. Cheryl had made arrangements for Jackie to pick Barbara up and drive her to the party and home afterwards. Cheryl had also picked out the outfit Barbara was to wear. It was a pair of white heels and a short, white, mesh beach wrap to serve as the dress. The "dress" was held on by one button on the side of the waist and was, for all practical purposes, transparent. Barbara was to wear only the shoes, dress and, of course, her collar. She put the outfit on and studied herself in the mirror. She flushed red and thought that she may as well go nude. As she was being inspected by Cheryl, Jackie pulled into the driveway and came to the door.

Jackie was a much bigger woman than Barbara had pictured in her mind. Though pretty, and well built, she was more the outdoor type than party gal. She also was much younger, barely out of her teens, than Barbara had imagined her to be. She listened intently as Cheryl gave her the ointment containing estrogens and explained that it must be used liberally, both inside and outside of Barbara's vagina, for it to be effective. Her eyes fixated on the blushing Barbara as Cheryl also instructed her to make sure Barbara doesn't leave her sight and that she should report any instance of Barbara refusing to do anything asked of her. With all that said, the two women lightly kissed each other's cheek and bid their good bye, Jackie assuring Cheryl that she would call her the next day with all the details. Cheryl held open the door as Barbara led Jackie out to the car and got in. Rocco, seated on the rear seat, seemed bigger than Barbara imagined but she attributed it to the rather small confines of the automobile making the animal appear larger that it actually was.

The two women sat side by side without saying a word to each other for quite some time. Barbara noticed Jackie was edgy and was gnawing her lower lip, occasionally glancing over at her. She sensed the girl was desperately trying to think of something to say which would break the barrier of silence between them. Barbara guessed that Jackie had a million questions for her in her mind.

"Look." Barbara decided to break the ice. "I know you're dying to ask. I'm not doing this for money or kicks. I'm doing this because Cheryl is forcing me to do it. It's a long story, and I'd rather not go into it, but I either do as Cheryl says or be punished and, believe me, as bad as this is going to be, this is much easier to withstand than Cheryl's punishments."

The remainder of the drive went by with the two woman engaging in heated chat. Jackie never asked why Barbara had to do these thing and Barbara never volunteered that information. Jackie did ask what other things she had been forced to do and Barbara, although hesitant and deeply humiliated, told Jackie of her being forced to perform acts of lesbianism and being used as a "proving ground" for various dildos and objects. Before long the car pulled into the parking lot of Bryant Enterprises. Barbara felt a ball form in the pit of her stomach and she wished the ride would continue. She would much rather tell Jackie more stories than have to go through with this. She heard a door slam and realized that Jackie had gotten out of the car and was attaching Rocco's leash to his collar. Barbara took a long, deep, breath and got out of the car herself. She looked around the parking lot and surmised that Cheryl's estimate of 50 - 60 businessmen was conservative, at best. There had to be at least 100 cars there. She swallowed hard and felt the tears beginning to form in the corner of her eyes.

"I guess it would be better if you lead Rocco in." Jackie said as she held the leash out to Barbara.

Barbara took the leash from Jackie and walked toward the large doors of the main entrance. Once inside, she was enthusiastically greeted by Mr. Bryant and several other men, all of whom have been obviously drinking and greeted her with wolf whistles and obscene remarks. She felt her face getting hot and tried to be bold and not give them the satisfaction of seeing her blush. She could do neither. She was led down a hallway to another door and before the door was opened, Mr. Bryant told her to take off her dress and shoes. Barbara looked over at Jackie and then did as she was asked. Totally naked except for a collar around her neck, Barbara lead Rocco into the large, crowded room. Everywhere she looked there were groups of people. To her complete surprise, there were women present also. Barbara estimated the crowd to be at about 100 to 150 people, with about 30 women and the balance all men. Everyone in the room stopped talking and stared at her leading the stud to the center of the room.

Barbara was in a daze. She just wanted to get the hell out of this place. She walked over to a small mattress placed on the floor in the center of the room and thought that it would be best to get it over with quickly and beat a hasty retreat before anyone thought of using her in another way. Just as she was ready to get down on the mattress, Mr. Bryant grabbed her arm and took Rocco's leash from her hand and handed it to Jackie. He explained that he wanted some of his guests to meet her and then paraded her around the room to one group after another. At each introduction, Barbara felt the hands pull her tits and thrust themselves between her legs. At first Barbara resisted each attack by pulling away and squeezing her legs tight together. After noticing the sneer on Jackie's face, however, she acquiescenced and allowed them access to all of her body. She tolerated the slaps on her rear, the grabbing, the probing, the coarse language and obscene remarks. She even spread her legs a little wider when one of the women, with a sly grin on her face, reached down and inserted two fingers into her vagina. Finally, the introductions were complete and it was time for her to perform her act

The entire room crowded around the tiny mattress as Barbara knelt down on all fours with legs spread wide. Hoots and hollers started getting louder as Jackie applied the cream to Barbara's pussy which was now dripping wet. When one of the men present noticed the tattoo, loud cheers and laughter filled the room. The instantaneous hush made Barbara aware that the stud was now ready and she felt its cold nose sniffing between her legs. Her mind went blank when the stud finally mounted her and the cheers again started up. It lasted an eternity. When it was over, Barbara felt herself being dragged up and a man's cock being pushed into her mouth. When that cock shot its semen into her mouth, it was replaced with another, then another, then another. Soon, Barbara had cocks all around her. In every orifice at once. Some men just stood around her while another woman masturbated them until they came, shooting their load on Barbara's face, tits, ass -- whatever part of her body the woman thought it would be fun to watch a load of cum fall onto to. At times Barbara would offer some resistance to an act or say "no" when one man tried to ram his fist up her ass, but a look at the scorn on Jackie's face made her surrender to the painful humiliation. She was no longer aware of what exactly was happening to her. All she knew was that she was constantly busy sucking cocks, licking vaginas, being fucked vaginally and anally, having bottles, fingers, fists and what have you stuck in her. It was a nightmare. There were several times, however, when Barbara felt herself having orgasms. These unwanted, but welcomed, breakdowns were followed by loud cheers and laughter from the room filled with guests.

Mercifully it ended. Jackie led the dazed, delirious Barbara out of the room and to the door. Barbara could not gather her wits together. She remembers leaving the building and the cool fresh air filling her lungs. She remembers vomiting in the parking lot and noticing that her vomit was nothing more than a large puddle of semen. She remembers Jackie wiping her ass and vagina in a futile attempt to stop the semen from running out and getting all over the car seats. She remembers Jackie finally giving up and stuffing a rag into her vagina and spreading a towel over the car seat for her to sit down on. She did not remember the faces in the crowd, nor the number of cocks she sucked, fucked and masturbated, nor how many cunts and asses she had licked. She remembered Cheryl telling her how filled with cum she would be and thought how absolutely right Cheryl had been.

The ride home began much like the ride to the party. Neither woman spoke to each other. Both stared out the windshield and thought about what had taken place. Soon, Barbara became aware of Jackie talking to her.

"I said, 'How do you feel?'" The girl asked.

"Terrible!" Barbara replied, half talking and half crying. She then remembered the times she saw Jackie scowl at her during the evening. "What are you going to tell Cheryl?"

Jackie stared out the windshield for a while before answering.

"To tell you the truth, there were times when I thought you were being rude and not really doing what you were told to do." Jackie continued to stare out the windshield.

"Oh, please don't tell her that. She'd really go hard on me if you told her that." Barbara tried to appeal to Jackie's sense of feminine leniency.

"It seems to me that's your problem. I was told to report what I saw. What's in it for me to lie to a friend?"

"Please, Jackie. You don't have to lie. Just don't mention it. After all, I did give in to all their demands eventually."

"Yes, but only after you noticed me frowning at you." Jackie swallowed and then continued. "Tell me. If I tell Cheryl that you behaved perfectly and did everything they asked and pleased everyone, what would you do for me?"

"What do you mean? What can I do for you?" Barbara asked. Her hopes were raised by this latest inquiry.

Jackie eased the car off the side of the deserted roadway and placed the shift in Park. She raised off the seat and gathered her skirt up around her waist, then removed her panties and spread her legs wide as she shifted her body to face Barbara.

"I've always wondered what it felt like to be made love to by another woman. Does that answer your question?"

Barbara got the picture. She slid off the seat and knelt between Jackie's spread thighs. As she licked and nibbled the young girl's sweet pussy, she noticed Rocco peering over the seat at her. "Just another witness" she said to herself. "Just another witness to just another scene of me being degraded."

The woman spoke not another word to each other the rest of the way home. When they pulled up in Barbara's drive, Barbara got out of the car and Jackie backed out onto the road. Neither said good bye to one another. Barbara opened the front door to her house and entered the living room. True to her word, Cheryl was waiting for her, nude, legs spread wide, and a wide grin on her face. The night was far from over.

******************

Several weeks had gone by since Mr. Bryant's party and things were going pretty much normal. Barbara had been extremely well behaved and gave Cheryl no reason whatsoever to punish her like before. Life, while far from being good, was at least on an even keel. John had even acted like a husband on some occasions but Barbara grew to realize that things would never be like they were before Cheryl. She relegated herself to being a sex toy to the both of them. At least she had her home and kids. That made everything worth living for. Cheryl had really taken to the kids and they to her. It pleased Barbara that Cheryl treated her kids so well. At first she was afraid that she would show some resentment towards them. She poured herself another cup of coffee and sat down at the table and watched the kids playing outdoors. She heard a car horn and saw the kids running to the driveway. Knowing it was probably just John and Cheryl returning from their errand, she remained seated at the table and awaited their entrance.

Barbara staggered back to her chair and sat down. What could have been a really good day for her was once again turned upside down by Cheryl. She supported her head with her arm and looked down at the tablecloth. She felt the table shake as Cheryl sat down beside her.

"I've got some other good news for you, Barbara." Cheryl reached out and began to softly stroke Barbara's cheek. "We ran into Julie today. She was really excited to see me again. It seems she had been talking to a bunch of other kids that you once baby sat and showed them your picture. They all thought it would be a marvelous idea to have a 'reunion', of sorts. Just a little get together with all of them and the woman who once baby sat, and disciplined, them. I told them I thought it was a wonderful idea. They, about 15 or so, will be here next Friday evening. Aren't you excited?"

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara sobbed.

THE END

I would like to thank those of you who have taken the time to send me your comments and suggestions. To those of you who have not done so, PLEASE, send your comments to "Racecar".

I would like to especially thank P Parker and Mister Phil for their encouragement and suggestions. Without them, I doubt this story would have been completed. If you enjoyed this story, I hardily suggest you download stories by these very prolific writers. They can be found right here on Rusty & Edies BBS and follow the same theme (d/s) as this story.

RACECAR





Chapter Six: Plunging Further Down

Race Car - I enjoyed your Atone series and would love to see it continue. In this vane I offer the following as a starting point and a challenge to those of you out their who are better writers than myself. Again thanks for the series. I hope my efforts do not offend you.

AKA - Ric Worth

"I've got some other good news for you, Barbara." Cheryl reached out and softly stroked Barbara's cheek with her fingers tips. "We ran into June today. She was really excited to see me again. It seems she had been talking to a bunch of other kids that you once baby sat and showed them your picture. They all thought it would be a marvelous idea to have a 'reunion', of sorts. Just a little get together with all of them and the woman who once baby sat, and disciplined them. I told June, I thought it was a wonderful idea. They'll be about eighteen or so, they will be here next Friday evening. Aren't you excited?"

"Yes, Mistress Cheryl." Barbara sobbed.

"There ... There now darling," Cheryl said patting her hand as tears began to trickle down Barbara's cheeks. It wouldn't be so bad Barb, it's only a few teenagers; nothing like Mr. Bryant's party ... it'll be a breeze, you'll do just fine I'm sure. John and I will take the kids to play miniature golf then a movie. We'll be back no later than nine, I promise. June knows she is to have you presentable before our return. As soon as we return you are put the kids to bed and immediately report back to us. No bath, douche, or enema just come to the living room and 'Assume the Position' understand. John and I will review the tape of your little reunion. Then together, he and I, will decide if any discipline and training is called for."

Cheryl's eyes sparked as Barbara's sobbing increased. Dominating Barbara was truly the most intoxicating and sexually arousing experience of her life and she wanted it to go on forever. Her panties were soaking with her excitement at just telling Barbara about June and the other teens. Her life was perfect she thought ... she had it all. Barbara as a sex toy she could use or abuse to amuse herself and Barbara's husband's big beautiful cock any time she desired a male. John was a wimp she could easily manipulate, this afternoons errands proved that. Their meeting of June was no accident, she had set it all up. She had carefully drawn John in ... and now he was actually helping to plan and create these little episodes of domination of his wife. She wanted John to be an active participate in this D/s life style she had created, for in doing so she could guarantee that she would be a permanent presence in their marriage and sex lives.

Barbara's sobbing was getting louder and Cheryl didn't want a scene. She didn't like it when John would put her down in front of Barbara. He would definitely be upset if knew what Cheryl was telling Barbara, since he and his children were playing catch just outside the door. Cheryl lifted Barbara chin and wiped away a tear trickling down her cheek as she admonished.

"Hush now! John and the kids are just outside. Your make up is a mess. Now stop those silly tears this instance? You don't want the kids coming in and seeing their mother crying? Do You!"

Barbara shook her head no as Cheryl opened her purse and handed her a what she needed to fix her face.

Barbara was still sniffling and wiping the tears steaming down her cheeks when John entered carrying two shopping bags, which he sat on the counter. Barbara dropped the compact she was holding and threw her arms around his waist as she began weeping again.

John stared at Cheryl for an instance then snapped. "You told her about Friday and June didn't you!"

There was true angry in his voice. Barbara took this a sign that he still loved her and cared for her. Deep within her she harbored a glimmer of hope that John would assert himself and put an end to her nightmare and throw Cheryl out.

"Yes," Cheryl sputtered "I did!" Her mind was racing to somehow turn this situation to her advantage. In an instance she had it. As their eyes remained locked she spoke again, but this time with confidence in her voice. "I only told Barb that June and some other she once said wanted a little reunion with her. I've told her nothing of what we, three planned for Friday while shopping at 'Adult World'."

John Sat down and just glared at Cheryl as he tried to calm his wife.

Breaking free from John's embrace Barbara spun around, not wanting to believe Cheryl's words, but their on the counter were two full bags. She immediately recognized the logo imprinted on the white bags. It was the same as the one Cheryl had received on their infamous shopping trip at that hideous place. "Oh! Lord No!," she wanted to scream. Her worst nightmare was coming true. John, her mate, was not only helping Cheryl plan these things now. He was actually shopping with the bitch to buy yet more instrument of torture to use on her.

Turning back she opened her mouth but could not utter a single sound. Cheryl had a smug smile of victory on her pretty face and John was unable to look either woman in the eye. Instead her husband just sat staring down at the table cloth. As Barbara's eyes fill yet again with new tears, her first impulse was to strike the woman who sat across from her. Only two things stopped her from doing it. First was her fear of punishment for such disobedience and rebellion as actually harming her mistress. Secondly was the unthinkable that her own children might witness her being stripped naked and whipped. Instead of doing what she wanted to do she blindly swung at her husband and connect not with his face but his neck. John caught off guard fell out of his chair as his wife bolted upright and ran from the room.

Moments later she was laying across the bed that use to her and John's exclusively. 'Now even this is hers when she chooses' Barbara muttered out loud as she pounded the mattress with her fists. Suddenly panic and anxiety gripped her as she realized what she had done. Her whole body began to tremble and quiver as she curled herself in a fetal position on the bed. 'WHAT'S GOING TO HAPPEN NOW? IS IT ALL OVER? DO I HAVE ANY OPTIONS? OH GOD, I'LL DIE IF I LOSE JOHN AND THE KIDS! WHAT MUST I DO?' flashed inside her head over and over as she lay there shaking.

The bedroom door opened and closed with a bang; Barbara froze to terrified to even move. Time seemed to stand still. She squeezed her eyes tightly shut and held her breath and awaited her fate. 'Which one was it? John? Cheryl? Did it really matter?.' She was to frighten to even look. Faint and dizzy from the lack of oxygen she finally exhaled as she heard John's voice.

"Barb, get up and 'Assume the Position'!"

Instantly she was off the bed and crouched at his feet with her arms around his lower legs sobbing and pleading. "John Darling! ... I'm Sorry! ... I'm So Sorry! ... I didn't mean to ... Please! ... Pleaseeeee Forgive Meee! .... Please Darling Don't Leave Me! ... Don't Divorce Meeee! ... Don't Take My Children Away! ... Pleaseeeee Don't Do This To Meeeee!"

Reaching down he grabbed her hair in both his hands and roughly forced her head back until she was looking up at him. Barbara yelped at the sudden pain in her scalp as John to shouted.

"SILENCE! BITCH!" He again jerked on her hair then let go as he commanded. "Obey Me Barb! 'Assume the Position' at once!"

As she rose Barbara's fingers fumbled with the buttons of her dress. She couldn't see through her tears and her hands were shaking. In desperation she just ripped the dress apart as she pulled it off her shoulders. Shaking her arms she let the tattered remains of the garment fall around her feet. Quickly she kicked, what was three days ago a new spring dress, under the bed. Lacing her fingers together behind her head she took her stance, spreading her legs, her head bowed forward. Unable to control her sobbing she just stood their wobbling as her whole body quivered in anticipation.

In silence her husband slowly began to circle her naked form. His fingers tips lightly brushed over the hillocks of her buttocks, then he was directly in front of her. He reached down between her thighs and cup her bald mound in his hand squeezing it before letting his finger traced the lips of her sex. He then toyed with her nipple of her of her left breast, tweaking it rolling it between thumb and fore finger. Despite her fear her body reacted and both her nipples erected into hard little points.

John hooked his little finger in gold ring piercing her nipple and pulled back commanding. "Kneel down!"

Barbara obeyed slowly sinking to her knees as he sat back on the bed, spreading his legs wide. His finger never left the nipple ring as he continued to pull. Barbara was now leaning forward her face less than an inch away from her husband's crotch. She immediately began kissing and licking the bulge in his shorts, hoping that all was forgiven and sucking his cock would make everything all right. Her nakedness had caused his erection so he must still desire her she reasoned. She had brought her hands down to free his dick when he abruptly pulled her head up.

"I LOVE YOU BARBARA BUT I WILL NOT PUT UP WITH THE KIND OF SHIT THAT WHEN ON DOWNSTAIRS," he stated gazing down into her eyes. "I'M THE MAN OF THIS HOUSE. I had planned on tell you about Friday latter tonight when we were alone. I've told Cheryl that this is it!"

Before he could complete another word Barbara was all over him muttering between her sobs of joy. "It's Over! It's Over! She's leaving! Cheryl's leaving. I'll be the kind of wife you want darling! I swear I'll do anything! Anything you want? When is she leaving?"

Roughly grabbing her shoulder John shoved her back down to the floor barking. "GET DOWN! GET BACK IN POSITION. Hands behind your head. You were not told to move. Silence not another word!"

"WHAT!" Barbara managed to utter in disbelief as he cupped her chin in his hand silencing her. Using his other hand he pinched her right nipple until she squealed in pain then he continued.

"The only thing that is over Barbara is June's use of you." John said as he gazed down at his bewildered wife. "It's just to dangerous. Friday will be the last adventure you will every have with June and her crowd, I promise you that. As for the rest of your mistaken babbling, no one is leaving unless I say so. Cheryl is your Mistress and will remain so. Do you understand? I am YOUR HUSBAND and CHERYL is YOUR MISTRESS? You must learn to please us both."

As his words sank in Barbara's arms dropped and all she could do was nod her head slowly up and down. Bowing her head she just sobbed until tears were falling on her breasts. Would this nightmare every end she wondered? Was she doomed to being their sex-toy for the rest of her life? She only knew she must do what she must to keep her husband and kids.

John gave her a few minutes to get the tears out of her system and resign herself to what he telling her. After several awkward minutes he reached forward and twisted her nipple ring to get her attention. Barbara was so devastated that she would not even look up but only pleaded pitifully. "PLEASEEEEEE I'll tr ... tr ... try to do my be... beeesst dear," she cried but quickly added "Pleasseeeee don't be ... beeeeaaat me pleaseeeeee!"

But John could feel his cock twitch and throb with what he was about to say. "You must receive punishment and discipline for what you have done. Tonight when you report to your Mistress, I will teach you through pain who's who in this house. Now dress and go start supper. Tell Cheryl to come up here we have some things to discuss."

Barbara quickly donned a T-shirt and pair of short and hurried to the kitchen. While she fixed the evening meal she listen trying to make out what was being said upstairs. Only occasionally could she hear the murmurings of their voices. After forty five minutes they both came down stairs, John when outside to play with his children while Cheryl watched TV. Barbara was a nervous wreck not knowing what was to happen once the kids were in bed. Both Cheryl and John chatted about this and that all evening as if nothing had happened. At eight-thirty John announced to the kids that it was bed time. As soon as she kissed the kids good night she rushed to prepare her douche and enema, but it was only as she powered her just shave crotch that she began to tremble. Stoically she told herself that she deserved this punishment and she would endure it without begging. 'If I don't cry I will have a victory over Cheryl and I will prove my love for my husband' she told herself as she tied the sash on her robe.

Barbara was blubbering and pleading incoherently as John laid the second stroke of the cane across her titties. Her earlier promise to herself in the bathroom vanished after the third swat of the leather paddle was applied to her upturned buttocks almost an hour earlier. She only prayed that her ordeal of pain would soon be over with.

After being given permission to speak from her Mistress, Barbara had admitted her misdeeds of the afternoon and had requested that John punish her.

John smiling accepted her apology and agreed that discipline was indeed called for. Cheryl not wanting to be left out agreed, lecturing and reminding the young wife of how luck she was to have a husband such as John. She pointed out the benefits of her marriage. How John provided for her every need, home, clothing, money. Stripping John, Cheryl praised his physique especially his sexual organs and his prowess as a lover. She proved just how fortunate Barbara was by caressing and stroking John's cock and ball making him stiffly erect and ready to fuck. Kissing the head of John's dick, she resumed her seat saying. "Be grateful this man allows you to be his wife. I know women who would kill just to have this hunk for his looks. We both know he fucks like a non-stop machine."

Barbara quickly acknowledge all that Cheryl was saying about John. She look at her husband and could see the love in his eyes. It gave her the courage to add that she was pleased and grateful that Cheryl was now her Mistress. Somehow she managed to tell this woman she reviled that she was pleased and delighted that she had entered their lives. What she really wanted to do was scratch her eyes out but instead she spoke the words she knew Cheryl wanted to hear; the words John wanted her to say.

John ego was pumped up; at first he was tempted to go easy on Barbara. But no, he wanted to see just how sincere and serious she was about this new three way relations they were in.

John started out by having Barbara lay across his lap as she counted out and thanked him for the twenty blows of the leather paddle he delivered to her ass-cheeks. He felt she had taken this phase of her discipline well. Cheryl wisely suggested a gag when Barb was draped over the saw horse. Her legs were spread widely apart for ten lashed of the tawse to of each of her thighs. Both the backs and insides of her thighs were nicely decorated with welts when it was over. When the gag was removed Barbara gave up all pretense of bravery and begged and pleaded to be spared.

Cheryl spanked her already red ass several time and admonished her "Hush now! Kiss the strap and say 'John darling please give me five across my butt as hard as you can. Please dear I deserve it.'"

Barbara mumbled something unintelligible. Cheryl reach down and pinched her pussy lips saying. "Again, Barbara but slowly so John can understand what it is that you desire him to do." Barbara howled at this new torture but clearly repeated the words she was instructed to say.

John leaned down and kissed each of her flaming ass-cheeks saying. "You don't have to count baby; just try not to make to much noise. Remember to say thank you at the end. OK?"

Panting and sobbing Barbara answered. "Yeeees Darling. I'll try but pleasseeee dear let this be it. I can't take any more. It hurts, it hurts sooooo baaaaad! Pleaseeeee not to hard."

Raising the three inch wide black leather strap John smiled as Cheryl knelt down and took his wife's head into her hands. Soon Barbara was groaning and crying out into Cheryl mouth as the two frenched each other. John slowly delivered the allotted strokes spacing them out allowing Barbara to gyrated her ass around as much as she wanted. It also gave him an opportunity to fondle his cock. He was ready to erupt but he desperately wanted to spew his load down Barb's throat. After properly being thanked he and Cheryl unfasten Barbara's ankles from the horse and helped her over to the examining table. Sitting her gently down Cheryl hugged her close while she continued to cry. John was pleased that Cheryl was showing a little tenderness toward his mate. It meant that she wasn't the harsh, cruel, ruthless, bitch she made herself out to be. She was caressing Barbara's back lovingly and kissing her hair while trying to calm the near hysterical housewife. John just watched a while as Cheryl petted his wife calming her until she was just sniffling.

Stepping back Cheryl look at John declaring, "I think she's learned her lesson, John. I think she knows her place now. Don't you dear?" She cupped Barbara's chin and raised her bowed head. Barbara looked to her husband then back to Cheryl who was nodding her head up and down. Barbara weakly did the same. Cheryl's panties were dripping; she wanted this to end. She wanted an orgasm and she wanted Barbara to provide it to her. Then she wanted to humiliated the young housewife by taking her husband to her bed for the night while she stayed bound down here unable to give herself and relief.

Moving to the end of the table John help his wife to stand. She immediately wrapped her arms around his waist and lay her head on his shoulder. In a faint whisper she said. "I love you. I'll try to please you both." She was going to remain Mrs. John Morris no matter what the price. The vile degrading sex she was forced to perform was nothing to what she had just suffered. Yes, she would willingly be their sex-toy if it meant an end to the excruciating pain she had just endured. John was now hugged her everything would soon be right. She was being forgive!

John stepped back saying "I need proof of what you're saying, Barb. Ask me to whip you tits and cunt."

Barbara's eyes went wide with shock. Cheryl had quickly moved behind her catching her as her knees buckled. Cheryl was now leaning again the examining table holding Barbara up. She wanted to scream 'FUCK YOU; END THIS NOW. JUST KILL ME AND GET IT OVER WITH.' Instead she lowed her head and choked out. "John, please wh ... whip my ... my," taking a deep breath she looked at her already mutilated left breast with it's gold nipple ring and managed to utter, "tits and cunt."

Selecting a thin cane from the array of torture toys decorating the wall he return to the two women. Barbara had regain her strength she stood shaking and quivering in front of Cheryl. Cheryl just stared at John's sudden forcefulness and dominance. She had wanted his participation but not for him to take over.

Standing parallel to his wife John lay the cane across both her breasts; adjusting his position a little he spoke. "Raise your arms straight up Barbara. Cheryl reach around and hold her breast from underneath please. Barb you may scream if it helps but do not move."

Twice he raised the cane and brought it gently back to the tits. At first Barbara followed the cane's motion but she could not make herself watch. Closing her eyes tightly she began to pant. John poised the cane two feet above her chest; snapping his wrist he brought it down sharply. The cane made contact then was instantly gone. Barbara scream was indeed ear shattering. Clutching her titties she double over moaning in agony. John pulled her upright and pulled her arms behind her back. Look down he closely examined the thick red line which went across both her mounds. Raising her arm straight up he again he assume his position before speaking. "Cheryl this time lift her tits by the nipple's." Placing the cane only once underneath her breast he snapped his wrist before Barbara could prepare herself. A second welt matched the first one and Barbara was unsure if her tender twat could undergo such treatment.

Putting the cane back on the wall John selected a small six inch quirt with multiple thongs. It would sting but cause no real damage to his wife's pussy. Dragging a narrow padded bench to where his wife was crouch down he turned triumphantly toward Cheryl and said. "Take your clothes off I want Barbara's tongue in your snatch when she feels this on her tender little puss. I sure you could use a cum; I know I'm about to pop a nut. Barb screamed so loud awhile ago I sure my load of spunk is going to feel refreshing bathing her sore throat."

As soon as Cheryl was nude, John instructed Barbara to lay on her back on the bench. Cheryl straddle the bench and Barb's head her pussy only inches away. Glancing up at the damp and matted pubic hair and swollen lips of her Mistress's gash made her stomach heave. This girl was actually sexually excited at see her hurt. Closing her eyes she tried to escape what she was expected to do. Inhaling only confirmed what she had already seen. Cheryl's pussy was ready to be satisfied. Cheryl's arms where now hooked behind her knees and she was spreading her thighs wide apart. Her own cunt was now open and vulnerable. John was licking her bald mound and using his tongue on her clitoris. She tried to ignore what he was doing but again her body betrayed her. Her clit was stiffing and emerging from it's protective hood.

John gave her clit a final lick before telling her. "Please Your Mistress, Barbara. Make her cum; baby. Take these three little stroke to your own beautifully shaved sex and I'll know that you truly love me." Slipping a finger up his wife's hole he quickly sucked her sweet cream from his finger as he moaned. "OOOOHHHH BABY! I L O V E Y O U! Now bury your tongue deep inside Cheryl's pus."

Barbara obeyed her husband. John drew back and struck rapidly. A mixture of sound filled the soundproof room. The quirt landing on Barbara's shaved sex; her screaming into Cheryl's pussy and Cheryl shrieking in orgasm. John wasted no time devouring his wife's red and throbbing quim; before Cheryl's ecstasy could be heard dying away Barbara was moaning through her own climax. By far Barb knew it was the most intense and fulfilling orgasm she had every experienced.

As soon as Cheryl lifted her hips up, John was spreading Barbara's lips apart with his fingers as he fed her his cock. As his dick slid along her tongue toward her throat he could feel his nuts contract and his cock head begin to tingle and throb. "SUCK BABY! SUUUCCCK" he pleaded. He erupted with his shaft only half way down her throat. Spurt after spurt of white gooey sperm bathed Barbara's sore vocal cords. For several minutes not a word was spoken the only audible sound was that of heavy breathing.

*****************

Possible Adventures for Barbara

1- The Regression * June and her friends turn Barbara into a two year old for their reunion. John and Cheryl are so enthralled they make her into baby Barbie for a few weeks of fun and games.

2- The Vacation * Cheryl and John take off for a fun fill sexual holiday in Mexico leaving Beth in charge of Barbara. Beth will introduce Barb to her new love Doctor Linda and her slave stepdaughter Megan.

3- Revelations * Before being sold to Beth and her lover Barbara must bear and raise a child for Cheryl and John. The child will be created from Cheryl's own egg and John's sperm in Doctor Linda's lab perhaps. Barbara admits she is a daughter of Sapho and falls madly in love with Megan and desires nothing more than joining her love as a slave to Mistress Beth and Doctor Linda.

All of the above is just one possible story line to keep this series going. If anyone would like to make suggestions as to possible plots and idea leave the as a C-ATONE# file.

The End?






















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com
site mirrors at:
http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/mirrors.htm

Be There.....