THE AUPAIR BOY
--------------

A Shorts! Story for Pink Triangle from the Track Coach


During the  time just after my teens when I was uncertain - for a
while, anyway  - which  side of the fence I was on, I was married
for almost  a year to a girl called Mary. We seemed then to be an
ideally married couple, although we had no plans for a family. We
lived in  a large house in a small northern suburb of London, and
I even  settled into  a regular  job as  a designer  for a  local
sportswear manufacturer  - NOT  a job  I found by accident! - and
Mary worked  in the  City on  most days,  in  a  small  insurance
office.

At first  we thought  about simply  taking in  an  au  pair,  but
eventually decided that it might be nice to take a student during
the holidays.  We'd heard that a language school not far away was
looking for families to board their foreign students, who arrived
each year  from all over Europe. I contacted the principal of the
school at  once, and  said we'd  be happy  to  take  one  of  the
students at any time during August.

Then we  received a long letter from his secretary, saying that a
17-year-old Danish  boy would  be  arriving,  and  asking  us  to
confirm that this would be in order. Both Mary and I were looking
forward to the lad's visit - me particularly, for in recent times
I'd gradually  come to realise that I was completely, rather than
just partly, gay... and I couldn't help remembering the occasions
when I'd  been standing  around  at  the  local  railway  station
waiting for my wife.

My attention  had often  been distracted  by  some  of  the  more
attractive young  boys who  seemed to hang around the place. Only
last month,  I recalled  seeing a lot of students getting off the
train -  all dressed  in their  summer sports  gear - and looking
very dishy!  Alone sometimes  in my  bedroom, too,  I would get a
hard-on, and through my flimsy shorts I would massage my prick as
I thought of the boys I'd seen during the day.

I'd also taken to buying gay magazines by that time: my favourite
was called  "JUNIOR", which showed young teenagers in some really
sexy poses. There was my favourite, Rusty: tall, just 16, dressed
in running  kit with  his cock  peeping out  below one leg of his
shorts. I  would look  at that photo and jerk away until I'd cum,
wishing I had some real action with a lad like him.

My wife,  of course,  knew nothing of these activities, and I had
to be  careful to  keep my magazines well hidden. The day finally
came when  Sven was  to arrive. Mary and I went to the station to
meet him. I was expectant. What would he look like? From platform
7 a  collection of  young people  got off  the  train,  all  with
luggage. Sven had been told to look for our blue Austin.

As the  others got away, a blond boy waited alone. He was wearing
faded jeans,  a T-shirt  and,  as  far  as  I  could  see,  white
trainers. His  fine hair reached beyond his neck, and he had deep
blue eyes  and a  sensuous  mouth.  I  was  immediately  excited.
Introductions were duly made, and soon Sven was driving home with
us to  spend what  would turn out to be a memorable holiday. When
we reached  the house,  Mary showed  Sven his  room, and  he went
upstairs to unpack.

That evening,  we heard  all about the boy. He was an art student
from Copenhagen,  who lived  with his parents and two sisters. We
further learned that he had no current girl-friend, and of course
that he  was looking forward to meeting the other students at the
language centre. Eventually it was time for bed.

As I  lay back  my mind  started to  wander, and I began to think
about the beautiful blond boy in the room just along the landing.
With my  thoughts, my  cock began  slowly to  expand, but  I  was
determined to  enjoy the  feeling without  my wife's  assistance.
Eventually, though somewhat frustrated, I drifted off to sleep.

Naturally enough,  I woke  the following  morning to find I had a
raging hard-on  beneath the  transparent Adidas  shorts  which  I
always wore in place of pyjamas. I had no intention of disturbing
Mary, so  I got  quietly out  of bed, intent on having a piss ...
and perhaps  a jerk ... in the bathroom. Imagine my surprise when
I reached  the door.  It was wide open, and standing there at the
wash-basin was  young Sven!  He was  naked except  for a  pair of
little running shorts, and was busily washing his face. He hadn't
seemed to hear me come in.

"I'm sorry  to disturb you, Sven. I didn't think you'd be up yet.
It's only seven o'clock," I said.

"Oh, that's  all right.  Did you  want to use the bathroom?" said
the boy,  a little  surprised. He  must have noticed that my cock
had swelled a little more under my shorts.

"Yes, but I can use the loo downstairs," I answered.

I looked  at the  boy. Sven  wasn't particularly muscular, but he
had a  delightfully smooth  body. Typical  of a young teenager, I
thought. A  lovely ass  ... I'd  really enjoy  getting  my  hands
around that!  And, as  Sven turned to me, I saw an inviting bulge
inside his own shorts that I longed to investigate.

Later I  was in  the kitchen  when in came Sven, dressed now in a
tight pair  of soccer  shorts which  clung to his crotch. He also
wore a  singlet which  showed off  his youthful  body,  and  cute
little ankle  socks and  sandals. I  told him Mary was going into
London for  the day,  and that  I'd be pleased to drop him at the
Language Centre  on my  way to  the station.  Sven said  he would
return at  midday, and I suggested he might do some sunbathing in
our garden.  Mary caught  her train  to town,  and Sven spent the
morning learning more English. Not that it wasn't good already.

I returned  to the house as usual at lunchtime, and went upstairs
to change.  As I  looked out onto our secluded garden, I saw Sven
lying spread-eagled  on the  lawn on  a huge towel. This time, he
was wearing  his little sunbathing shorts, his head resting on an
air pillow.  I couldn't  take my  eyes off  this blond  Adonis. I
found myself  undressing in  front of  the window  ... almost  as
though I  wanted Sven  to see  me ...  and soon  I was  naked and
touching myself up.

I suddenly  made a  decision. I  was not  going back to work, but
would spend  the afternoon in the garden instead. Slipping into a
pair of  flimsy satin  shorts which  really clung  to me,  I went
downstairs, telephoned  my office  and walked  hastily  into  the
garden.

"Hi! You look like you're enjoying yourself," I said, as casually
as I could.

"Yah! I got back half an hour ago, and thought about getting some
sun," replied Sven.

"Wise move. Mind if I join you?"

The boy  nodded, and  I lay  down as close beside him as I dared,
sharing his towel. For the next few minutes we talked about a lot
of things,  then we  rested. It  was about  an hour  later that I
developed another hard-on.

And this  time, I  wasn't going  to give  a damn  whether the boy
noticed it!  My prick  swelled to  its fullest  extent, as though
trying to  burst out  of its satin prison and greet the boy. Sven
turned over  to face  me just at that moment, and glanced down at
my hot  crotch. Suddenly  I felt  embarrassed. "I'm  sorry ... it
must be the heat!" I said in haste.

Sven looked  puzzled. "What do you mean?" he asked, then realised
what I was referring to.

"I've got a bit of a hard-on. Hope you don't mind".

The young blond saw my massive, throbbing weapon and blurted out,
"Oh, that  often happens  to me!  It's nothing  to be embarrassed
about!"

I let  my hand  drop down  to my  shorts, and began to squeeze my
pulsating organ  gently. The boy watched, fascinated. "You'll get
me going, too, in a moment!" he said.

"Well actually,"  I replied,  "you are  the one who's responsible
for this!"

"How do you mean?" he queried, so I explained everything.

Sven was  only worried  about Mary,  but  I  told  him  that  she
wouldn't be  back until  around seven,  and didn't  need to know.
"Want to feel it?" I asked him.

Sven slowly  allowed his hand to reach down and take over from my
own, feeling  my erection  through my shorts as I had done. "Very
nice," he whispered.

"Go on,  rub it,"  I demanded  breathlessly. Sven  began to  play
gently with  my cock,  trying to  grip it through the material. I
wasn't slow  either. Realising he was enjoying himself, I reached
down to  his own  little shorts.  "You are  so cute," I said, and
Sven chuckled  as I  felt his  smooth young body. Soon his gentle
swelling began  to show  real signs of life. "I want to have you,
Sven," I  said to  him. "You  Danish boys  are like  your pastry.
Sweet!"

Sven was enjoying the attention, even though at first he'd been a
little surprised  by it. I found the boy's nipples now, and began
to play with them. Sven sighed. I wanted to kiss him.

"Put your  hand inside  my shorts,"  he whispered  urgently, "and
jerk me off!"

I did  as the  boy suggested  at once,  and soon  my fingers were
concentrating on  his throbbing  weapon. After  a while,  as  the
boy's fingers continued their delicious work over the front of my
gear, I  managed to  push up the material of his own sufficiently
to bring  his tasty  tool into the open. My head went down and my
mouth closed  gently around it. I licked the boy's balls, and let
my tongue  work its  way around his cockhead. Sven didn't seem to
mind at  all. Ibegan  to  suck  and  jerk  him  slowly,  as  Sven
continued to explore my own body.

After a  while I  stopped, for long enough to admit to him, "I've
got a  confession to  make, Sven.  I really get turned on by boys
like you, especially while they're wearing their shorts!"

"Sometimes my shorts excite me, too," replied Sven with that soft
accent of  his. By now we were both getting really worked-up, and
my shorts were becoming wet and sticky with pre-cum.

The young  Danish boy  let his  fingers massage  my cock  through
them, and  this caused me to become even more excited. Sliding my
hands up  through the back of his shorts, and closing them around
Sven's tight  little cheeks,  I soon  felt the  crevice  of  that
inviting young  ass ...  and Sven  was loving every second of it!
Now I moved towards the boy's face, and kissed his soft lips.

"God! You're beautiful!" I told him.

Sven just replied "Thank you."

With one  finger I  gently penetrated  the boy's  hole, and  Sven
sighed again  as he  experienced the  thrill of  it.  I  suddenly
wanted to  get us  even more worked up by talking sexily to Sven,
although by  that time  we were already pretty close to producing
two huge climaxes!

"I loved  the shorts  you were wearing this morning, too," I said
to him.  "I bet they've seen some hot action! Is that why they're
so well-worn?"

"Yah! I ride my bike wearing those and sometimes, back at home in
Copenhagen, I  get picked  up in  the  street.  Then  just  about
anything can happen ... and often does!"

I could  hardly believe  what I  was hearing!  "Tell me about one
occasion you remember really well," I tried suggesting to him.

"Rub my cock some more," Sven ordered, "and I will. Get me in the
mood!"

I did  as best  I could  ... those shorts of his felt so soft and
inviting! Sven  was now  playing with  his stiff  little nipples,
while I  rubbed his prick through the nylon and also worked on my
own through my satin shorts, just enough to keep it on the boil.

"Last summer,"  he began,  "I was  down by  the harbour when this
young American  guy came  up to  me. He was tall, about nineteen,
and dressed  in a  really lovely  pair of shorts. Like yours, but
blue. We  went for  a walk  in a deserted corner of the park, and
then he  started to  get a  little bit wild with me, and tried to
drag my shorts off me!"

We were  both becoming  more and  more excited  as Sven continued
with his  story. "Soon  I was  really hard ... and he was, too! I
went down  on him  right there  in the park, and sucked his stiff
cock through  those blue  shorts. He  was really big, like you! I
sucked and  sucked him ... I was so turned on by that blue satin!
Then he grabbed me, and started beating on my ass!"

Sven went  on, obviously  enjoying the  memory, as I continued to
stroke his shorts. "Soon he'd pulled my little shorts right down,
until they  were around  my ankles ... and then he rammed his big
prick right  up inside  my hole!  It slid in and out, and I could
feel it  throbbing inside  me! He screwed and screwed, and at the
same time  he was  slowly jerking me off! I was stroking his sexy
legs, right  up as  far as  those beautiful shorts of his, and my
stroking made him increase the rhythm of his screwing! My ass was
tingling with  the excitement of having him in there, and soon my
spunk was shooting into the air, and all over the grass."

I was really worked up by then, listening as young Sven continued
telling me  about his  experiences. Then  I found  his balls  and
grabbed them,  and he  came again  and again,  right up inside of
me!" How fantastic, I thought.

And still the boy was jerking me through my satin shorts, pulling
my foreskin  slowly right  back and  forward. Those  tight little
sunbathing shorts,  I thought  to myself  ... Sven  is so sexy, I
just HAVE to suck him off!

Then I began to shout my encouragement. "I'm almost ready to cum,
Sven ...  I'm going  to cream  the inside  of my  shorts! Make me
shoot, Sven  ... help  me to  cover them!"  The boy  was  a  real
expert! In the warm afternoon sunshine we were both now sweating,
our bodies  reaching for my inevitable climax. But just as I felt
myself preparing to shoot, the boy stopped abruptly.

He glanced  into my eyes, whispering into my ear, "Will you screw
me like  that now?  I want  your cock  inside me when you cum!" I
couldn't believe  it! As  I nodded,  Sven knelt  in the grass and
pulled down  his little  shorts at  the back.  "Here you are," he
said. "I'm  ready for you." And without another word, he held his
cheeks apart for me.

This was an opportunity I just couldn't miss! I spat onto my hand
and lubricated  myself as quickly as I could, then positioned the
head of  my shaft  at his  opening. Without  another murmur, Sven
backed onto  me as  he knelt, forcing my hot cock right up inside
his young  ass, then bouncing back and forth on it, crying "Screw
me! Screw me! I want your cum inside of me!" Within a few seconds
I could  feel the  cream welling  up within me, and it jetted out
and into  the boy  - five,  six, seven  spurts, and  still I kept
cumming!

Sven slowed  down at  last, and realised that the boy hadn't shot
his own load yet. Pulling gently from him, I lay down between his
legs and  took his  hot young cock between my lips. The moment it
slid deep  into my  throat, Sven came and came! I was tasting his
heavenly boy-milk  at last, as it seemed to pour from him ... and
I didn't intend to waste a drop!

It occurred  to me then that Mary and I weren't going to see much
housework being  done, our  having opted for a student instead of
an au pair. But that really didn't matter any longer ... this was
going to be a lovely holiday!
