Archive-name: Family/aure-gle.txt
Archive-author: anonymous
Archive-title: Aurelius and Glenda


     Fifteen year old Aurelius was standing in front of his sister's
dresser, his prick in his right hand, and he was masturbating as he rubbed a
pair of his sister's panties over his face.  He did not hear the door open,
and it wasn't until his sister spoke to him that he realized he'd been
discovered.
     "What on earth are you doing?" his sister asked sharply.
     Aurelius turned to find his sister standing in the doorway of her room,
her hands on her hips and an angry expression on her face.
     He tried desperately to hide his bulging erection, but he could not --
he had been just a breath away from ejaculation when she confronted him.  He
dropped her silk panties as though they had burned his hand, and he looked
down in shame as his sister crossed the room to pick them up while he tried
to cover his throbbing cock with both hands.
     "Aurry...  how many times have I told you to stay out of my things?"
she said and waved the panties in front of him.
     "I...  I'm sorry, Glenda...  I won't do it again -- I promise!  Just
don't tell mom, PLEASE!" he begged her.
     The attractive red-haired girl looked down at her younger brother and
she felt a sudden twinge of pity for him.  Shaking her head, she handed him
the panties and told him "No...  I won't tell mom.  You...  can keep these
if you like."
     He looked up at her in surprise as he felt the silken things pressed
into his hand.  He shook his head in confusion and said, "I can?  I mean, I
can really keep them?"
     Glenda looked at her brother's stiff prick and she licked her lips
erotically as she felt a stirring in her loins.  "Unless you'd rather have a
pair I've worn..." she told him seductively, and she reached out to touch
his prick with the tips of her fingers.
     "Ohhh..." the boy moaned as her warm hand closed about the head of his
throbbing prick.  "Could I...  could I really?"
     Glenda felt the excitement rising in her body as the boy looked at her
with a pleading expression on his face.  She knew what she was about to do
was wrong, but the feel of his firm prick in her hand sent thrills of
pleasure through her nineteen-year-old body, and she leaned forward to kiss
him softly on the lips.  Then she told him, "You'll have to take them off of
me, if you want them Aurry..." and she squeezed his prick softly as his eyes
widened and his jaw went slack.
     The boy looked at his older sister with awe and admiration then as she
led him across the room.  She sat him on the edge of her bed, then returned
to lock the door securely from the inside.
     "Mom won't be home for another hour yet, Aurry...  take off your
clothes."
     The boy needed no further urging.  In a matter of seconds he was down
to his socks, and his clothing lay scattered about the foot of his sister's
bed.  He licked his dry lips as she moved toward him then and lifted the hem
of her long skirt to expose just the tops of her thighs and her
panty-covered crotch.
     "Ohhh, Glenda...  you're so pretty!" the boy moaned.
     "You're not bad yourself." she said and laughed nervously as she gazed
upon his well-developed body and his strong young prick.  It stood out
erectly from a nest of soft brown hair and she fought the urge to fall on
her knees and stuff its hot length into her mouth.  Instead, she lifted her
skirt a bit higher and told him, "If you want them, you'll have to take them
off."
     The boy could not believe his eyes as his sister exposed her body to
him.  He had engaged in a hundred fantasies of just such a situation -- but,
usually, he fancied her asleep and unaware of his advances.  He looked up at
her face as she smiled nervously, then he reached out to run his hand over
the flat of her belly.  A chill went through his hungry young body as his
finger tips touched her nylon panties.  He ran his fingers down until they
touched the soft rise of her pubic mat beneath the thin material of her
panties.  He thrilled as he became aware of the warmth and moistness of her
pussy, and he longed to see her fully without clothing.
     Hesitantly, Aurry fell to his knees before his sister and ran his hands
up her smooth calves, then her warm thighs.  She moaned lowly as his hands
continued up the backs of her legs and began rubbing her panty-covered ass
cheeks.  Leaning forward, the boy rubbed his face over her silken belly, and
he thrilled at the warmth he found there as he nuzzled her.
     Then, the boy raised his hands to her hips and took hold of the elastic
top of her panties.  Slowly, he began pulling them down to expose the soft
flesh of her lower belly.  His eyes widened as the panties went below her
mat of hair, and he inhaled deeply the sweet odor he found coming to him.
Lower he pulled her silken panties, and as her pussy was fully exposed to
him, he shuddered in anticipation and wonder at the sight.
     "Take them all the way off, Aurry," she whispered as she gazed down at
his awestruck face, "Then I want you to undress me, too."
     He thrilled as he heard her words, and his heart pounded heavily in his
chest.  He pulled her panties down below her knees, then lifted one foot
after the other to remove them.
     Glenda allowed the boy a long look at her hair-covered pussy, then she
dropped the hem of her skirt and smoothed the hair out of his eyes as he
looked up at her and licked his lips.
     "Don't you want to see me naked?" she asked nervously, and she forced a
little laugh as her own heart pounded furiously in her breast.
     Nodding slowly, Aurry stood up and reached for the buttons of his
sister's blouse.  Nervously, he fumbled with the tiny things until he had
opened the garment to her waist, then he pulled it out of her skirt top.
She shrugged out of it as the boy stood staring at her full tits, hidden
from view by her wide brassiere.  She turned slowly and felt his hands
fumbling with the multiple catch between her shoulder blades, then she felt
the restraining garment freed and her tits sagged an inch as he slipped the
straps over her shoulders.
     Aurry looked at his sister's naked back and he could not resist kissing
her warm flesh as his hands went under her arms and around her body to cup
her full, soft tits in his shaking hands.  He felt her nipples rub against
the palms of his hands, and he chilled slightly as he felt them stiffen
under his touch.
      Glenda turned then in his arms and slipped her arms about his neck to
kiss him fully on the mouth.  She sensed his apprehension as she forced her
tongue between his lips and felt his body stiffen momentarily.  Then she ran
her hand down his back and reached between them to take hold of his
throbbing prick.  He sighed and shuddered again as her hand closed about his
warm shaft, and he felt his prick twitch as he sucked her soft tongue into
his wet mouth.
     With shaking hands, Aurry fumbled with the catch on her long skirt.
Finally, he freed it and pulled down the zipper to feel her ass cheeks
quiver slightly as he brushed them with his hands.  Her tits were pressed
flat against his chest, and he could feel her stiff nipples as he swirled
his tongue about hers.  Then she retracted her tongue, and Aurry pressed his
out of his mouth and into hers.  A new thrill went through his lusting young
body as his sister sucked his tongue, and he pulled her skirt low on her
hips to let it fall in a soft pile about her feet.
     Glenda stepped out of her skirt as her brother's hands closed on the
soft cheeks of her ass and pressed her forward and into his hot body.  She
guided his throbbing prick between her legs and felt his body stiffen as the
head of his prick nudged the soft lips of her pussy.
     "Is...  is it in?" he questioned apprehensively.
     She laughed and kissed him on the nose.  "No, silly, it's just between
my legs...  haven't you ever fucked a girl before?"
     Aurry felt his face flush as his sister asked him the shocking question
and used the obscene word.  "N...  no," he told her and swallowed thickly.
"You're the first girl I've...  that I've ever touched." he confessed as his
prick jerked between her legs.
     Glenda thrilled as she realized her brother was a virgin.  She knew
that he had several girlfriends, but the idea that he had never actually
fucked had never entered her mind.  She rubbed her tits over his young chest
and ran her hands to his naked ass as she hunched against him.  Licking his
ear lobe, she felt him shudder, and she wondered if she could persuade him
to suck her pussy.
      "Would you like to fuck me, Aurry -- I mean, really stick your cock in
my pussy and come there?"
     The boy thrilled at her obscene words and he looked into her green eyes
with admiration and awe.  "God, Glenda...  could we do it -- really do it?"
She rubbed her belly over his and felt his prick twitch as she squeezed her
legs together tightly.  "We might," she said coyly as she massaged the
cheeks of his ass with her warm hands.  "If you'll do something for me..."
     "Anything!" he told her and hugged her to him as her tongue touched his
ear again, "Anything in the world!"
     Pulling back, she looked into his eyes and smiled as a thrill went
through her.  She had never had a man suck her pussy before, and whenever
her friends talked about that particular act, she always felt somewhat left
out.  Her current boyfriend liked to have his prick sucked, but he had never
tried to go down on her -- and she didn't have the nerve to ask him to do
*that* for her.  Glenda stepped away from her younger brother and sat on the
side of the bed.  She spread her legs lewdly and licked her lips as she told
him, "Get down on your knees and kiss my tummy...  "
     Hesitantly, the boy fell to his knees before his sister's widespread
legs and he slipped his hands about her to hug her to him.  His head nestled
between her full breasts and he could hear her heart pound heavily as he
rubbed his hands over her back.
     Glenda placed her hands on her brother's head then and pushed him
lower.  "Kiss my tummy, Aurry..." she whispered and thrilled at the warmth
of his body between her legs.  He lowered his head then and begin kissing
her soft young belly as his hands played over her body to come to rest
finally on her heaving tits.  She watched as the boy closed his eyes and ran
his tongue into the button depression of her navel, and a new thrill went
through her as she imagined that same warm tongue in her pussy.
     "Lower, Aurry..." she urged, and the boy kissed lower on her stomach.
He felt his chin brush against her pubic hair and he wondered what she would
say if he kissed her *there*.  When he had removed her panties, he had
longed to kiss her between the legs, but he had not, afraid that she would
get angry at him for such a nasty thing.
     "Ummmnn, yesss..." she whispered, "Lower, Aurry...  a little lower...
that feels so good...  so good!" and she placed both hands atop his head to
push him further down.
     Suddenly, the boy realized what it was that his sister wanted him to do
to her.  He felt a rush of excitement as he inhaled her feminine odor and
his blood pounded in his temples as his mouth encountered her pussy hair.
He swallowed thickly, unable to believe his good fortune, and he closed his
eyes as he squatted before her and pushed her legs wide apart.
     He looked at the soft, pink lips of her pouting pussy and he shuddered
as his prick twitched painfully against his leg.  Then he licked out
tentatively with his tongue and touched that wet flesh between his sister's
legs.  He felt her stiffen as his tongue came in contact with her cunt lips,
and then she sighed deeply.
     "Ohhhh, God, Aurry...  yes!" she moaned, "That's what I want...  eat my
pussy .... suck it -- let me feel your tongue in my cunt ...  God, EAT ME!"
she cried, and pulled his head into her wet cunt as her legs quivered
stiffly and she stretched them out alongside his body.
     The boy found his face buried in his sister's cunt, and he began
sucking her lavishly as his hands reached up to grope for her full tits.  As
his fingers massaged the soft flesh, his heart beat wildly, and he heard her
cry out again as he entered her pussy with his tongue.  The taste was like
nothing he had ever known, and it thrilled him to know that he was actually
kissing his sister on her pussy.
     "Ummmmn...  yessss...  oh, yes!" she said and writhed under his mouth.
"Eat my cunt you little pussy sucker...  make me come...  God, Aurry -- I'm
almost there -- this is heavenly...  oh...  oh...  oh, my God!"
     And her entire body shuddered as the first wave of orgasmic sensation
broke over her writhing limbs.  She felt the warmth deep in her cunt as her
brother tongued her furiously, and she held his head to her pussy as he
sucked, and squeezed her tits with his hands.  Her legs shook uncontrollably
as the boy sucked her to completion and Glenda found herself lying
breathless, suddenly, with him standing over her, a concerned look on his
face.
     "Are you okay?" he asked.
     Glenda shook her head and realized she had lost consciousness for a
moment.  She drew her breath and sobbed as she reached out her arms for
him.  "Oh, Aurry ...  yes -- I've never been so okay!"
     The boy looked down at his sister's flushed face as she reached out for
him.  He felt a sudden rush of love for the girl who had acted as an
antagonist nearly all the years of their lives, and he realized now that he
truly loved his older sister.  He lay down beside her and they kissed
passionately as her hand took hold of his throbbing young prick and stroked
him gently.
     "Did it...  was it good?" he asked her as their lips parted.
     She hugged him tightly and squeezed his prick as she told him softly,
"Aurry -- you are the best I've ever had!  You can do that to me any time
that momma's not home...  " She giggled and added, "Or anytime she's not
looking!" The boys chest swelled with pride as his sister told him he was
the BEST she had ever had.  He felt her warm body next to his, and as she
moved her hand up and down his aching prick, he asked apprehensively,
"Could...  could we fuck now, Glenda?"   "Ummmmmn," she said and kissed him
again.  I've got something you might like better," she told him and sat up
beside him on the bed.
     Aurry watched in amazement as his sister brushed her red hair away from
her face and lowered her head over his throbbing prick.  He watched as she
opened her mouth and took the head of it in, and, as her warm, wet tongue
swirled about its sensitive head, he gasped, unable to believe the sight
before his eyes.  She had actually put his prick in her mouth and was
sucking it!
     He had heard the older boys talking about getting a "blow job," but his
inexperienced mind could not relate that act to what he was witnessing now.
His sister's mouth ovaled obscenely, and she went down on him completely, to
suck his prick into her mouth all the way.
     "Uhhhnnn..." he moaned as she drew her head up and licked his prick
wetly.  "Oh, Glenda...  so good!" he told her as she fondled his
sperm-filled balls with one hand and sucked him up and down slowly with her
hot, wet mouth.
     Glenda thrilled as her mouth was filled with his soft, pulsing flesh
and his prick jerked spasmodically.  She wanted to fuck her brother, but she
wanted to pleasure him too.  She knew that if he stuck his prick into her
pussy at this point, there wouldn't be much fucking -- she had had enough
experience to understand that boys really couldn't hold back once they'd
started.  Too, she did want to taste his hot cum in her mouth.  And after
the fantastic head job he'd given her, she felt she could do no less for him.
     Aurry moaned as his sister kept licking and sucking him and suddenly he
became aware of the danger involved -- he was about to come and he could not
hold himself back as her hot mouth moved slickly up and down his aching
prick.  He moaned lowly and ran his fingers through her hair as her head
bobbed up and down rapidly.
     "Glen...  Glenda...  " he cried out in a choked tone, "Gonna come...
I'm gonna come...  oh...  ohhhh... OHHHHHH GLENDAAAAA!"
     The girl held her head still as her brother's prick erupted in her hot
mouth.  She felt the first splash of cum on her tongue and she swallowed it
down as it was followed by another thick glob, then another.  His fingers
tightened in her hair as she swallowed his cum and tongued the head of his
spurting prick lavishly.  She felt his body stiffen, then shudder strongly
as her mouth was filled again, and he moaned and sobbed out his emotion.
     Aurry was lost in the depths of orgasm as his sister's mouth continued
to suck his bursting prick.  He knew that he was shooting his cum into her
mouth and he sensed her swallowing as he held her head tightly.  He simply
could not believe it -- surely she must love him a great deal to do that for
him, he reasoned as his body shook to the throes of orgasm, and his prick
jerked spasmodically in her wet mouth.  Finally, he opened his eyes and
looked down his body as she raised her head slightly and licked the head of
his prick.  He saw a small dribble of the sticky white fluid ooze out of the
corner of her mouth, and he chilled slightly as her pink tongue swiped out
to catch it.
     Glenda looked up at her brother's face and she smiled as she read the
total surprise there.  She squeezed his still hard prick and laughed lightly
as she rolled her body atop his and spread her legs.  "Was that good, Baby?"
she questioned.
     The boy shook his head and told her, "Oh, Glenda, yes!" and his arms
went about her soft young body.  "So good...  God, you actually let me come
in your mouth!"
     "Did that surprise you?" she asked and kissed the tip of his nose as
her tits were squashed flat against his chest.
     "Doesn't it taste bad?" he asked.
     "Did my pussy taste bad?" she questioned in return.
     "Oh, no...  I liked the way it tasted!" he told her emphatically.
     She kissed him softly then and whispered, "And I like to taste your
cum, Aurry..." And as she spoke, she reached between her legs and eased the
head of his rock-hard young prick into her wet cunt.
     Aurry drew his breath sharply as he felt his prick engulfed in a sudden
warmth -- it was like nothing he had ever experienced, and his young body
shook as his sister began moving her hips slowly up and down and his prick
was shoved in and out of her clasping, wet cunt.
     "How does it feel to fuck a real pussy?" she asked, a bit breathlessly,
as she felt him enter her cunt fully.
     "Oh, Glenda...  I love you so much!" he cried, and tears filled his
eyes as he was overcome by the emotion of the moment.  "Love me always...
please, love me always!" he begged her as he began a slow hunching motion
with his hips.  "I will, Aurry...  I promise I will..." she breathed softly
to him as her mouth sought his and their lips met in an incestuous kiss.

                                   *  *  *

--
