The Auto-Closet
by Kristen O

******

                               Prelude

        A lone figure was accidently transported into the not to
distant future using a time machine of his own creation.  He emerged
in a lady's bedroom filled with futuristic equipment.  He did not
realize where he was.  A machine in the corner of the room caught his
eye.

                               Part I
                              Discovery

        Jack walked up to the curious machine and examined the
instrumentation on the panel.  A switch was left on marked "enabled".
Another switch, marked "physical enhancement" was glowing green.  Yet
another, marked "total makeover" was also green.  The machine itself
was rectangular in shape, roughly twenty feet in length, ten feet tall
and eight feet wide.  A ramp led up to a door which had markings on
its surface and no handle.

        He stepped on the ramp to take a closer look at the markings
on the door when the machine sprang to life.  The machine, sensing
what it thought was its owners footsteps, started moving the ramp.

        As the ramp began to move under his feet, Jack tried to spring
back off of the ramp.  But his feet were suddenly held to the ramp by
some kind of magnetic force, as the machine sensed his shifting
weight.  An automated voice from the machine spoke, "for your safety,
Magna-Grip has been enabled".  As the ramp moved him to the door, the
door slid up.  He glanced at the markings on the door as it moved
overhead and it had "Auto-Closet model series number 20105F" written
on it.

        Jack suddenly realized that this was not a good situation to
be in.  "Shit!" exclaimed Jack as he tried to get off the ramp.  But
the magnetic field held his feet like glue.  As the ramp moved him
further inside the machine, he attempted to grab onto the doorframe
with his arms, but again the machine sensed his body moving and
activated a force field which gently held him in place.  Jack found
his arms were held up over his head and his body rigidly upright.

        The machine spoke to him, "Good morning, Linda.  Are we a bit
dizzy from last night's activities?"  "Oh, no!", Jack thought, "This
machine is mistaking me for it's owner, Linda."  "I'm not Linda!" Jack
shouted, "My name is Jack, I'm a man!"  Being an Auto-Closet model
series number 20105F,  the machine was designed only to make casual
conversation with it's owner and perform it's function, to dress and
makeover it's owner in the most feminine manner possible.

        Mistakenly thinking that it's owner was joking with it, the
Auto-Closet replied, "My, my.  Aren't we in a humorous mood today,
Linda.  I will begin autoscan, now."

        The ramp stopped as Jack was just inside the door.  Jack
looked further inside, still unable to move.  Further down the ramp
was dark.  A flat green beam turn on in the segment of the machine
where he was.  It began to scan him from his fingertips to his toes.
He could hear clicks and beeps as the machine analyzed it's scan.  The
machine seemed to hesitate, appearing confused.  The physical profile
that it just scanned did not seem match that of it's owner.  Jack
sensed it's hesitation and began to feel relieved.  "You see, you dumb
machine!  I'm a man.  Let me go now!"

        Deep within, simple subprogram logic of the machine made a
conclusion and the machine spoke, "Naughty Linda, you've gained some
weight and stopped working out.  I will take care of that."

        Jack pleaded, "No, no!  Just let me go!" and struggled
desperately now, his arms still suspended over his head and unable to
move.  Mechanical arms began to gently strip the clothes from his
body.  First, his shirt was unbuttoned and lifted over his head.
Next, he looked down to see mechanical fingers unbuckling his belt,
working the zipper down on his pants and untieing his sneakers.  As
his shoes, socks and pants disappeared, he felt his jockey shorts
being slide down his legs, the last vestige of his male clothes.

        He felt completely naked, helpless and vulnerable for what was
awaiting him further inside.  The machine was ready to begin the
transformation.  Sweat glistened on his forehead and he felt flush as
the ramp began to move again to the next segment of the machine.  "I
will begin your physical enhancement changing you back to your normal
beautiful figure, Linda," the machine said.  Jack looked around as
metal probes began to snake out from the walls all around him,
stopping next to his skin.  "This may sting a bit," the machine said.
Small sparks begin to dance around the metal probes.  The sparks
started growing and growing around the probes, then a few jumped out
at him, striking a few shafts of hair on his skin.  It stung slightly.
More and more sparks jumped off of the probe to strike the hairs on
his body and he soon felt like ants were crawling all over his body.
He watched as all of his body and facial hairs disappeared or fell to
the floor.

        As suddenly as this process ended, a new one began.  A large
metal cap with cables came down over Jack's head.  Two suction disks
slowly snaked out and stuck to each pectoral muscle on his chest.  The
disks felt cold with some mushy sticky adhesive on their surface,
reminding him of leeches.  Similar ones stuck to his hips and he felt,
rather than saw, cup shaped devises attach to the cheeks of his
derriere. "Oh, no! The machine is trying to give me women's breasts,
hips and long hair," he deduced.  Suddenly, all of the devices sprang
to life.  Jack was jolted as a combination of electric energy and
sucking motion began where each device was attached as the confused
Auto-Closet tried to change Jack's body to the same shape as its
owner.

        Just when Jack nearly passed out, the sucking motion and
shocks stopped.  Slowly, each device detached from his body.  Jack
looked in horror at his body.  As the devices on his chest detached,
beneath them were supple pouting breasts, his breasts!  When the
device on his head lifted,  long, black wavy hair fell down to his
shoulders.  His hips were perfectly wide.

        His body felt completely foreign to him.  It was cold and
smooth without body and facial hairs, he felt extra weight and a
jiggling sensation on his chest.  His hips and derriere felt like that
of another persons.  He began to wonder if he could ever change back
into himself.

        As if on cue, the ramp started up again, moving a feminine-
looking Jack to the next segment.  This time, metal thimbles attached
to his fingers and his toes.  A mask slowly came out.  Jack tried to
move away, but it attached to his face and a slight suction was
applied.  Jack imagined he resemble an unfortunate victim from the
movie, "Alien".  He felt moist, tickling sensations on his lips,
eyelids, lashes and cheekbones.  He felt small shocks around his
eyebrows.  The machine was determine to make him look like Linda and
he was helpless to stop it!

        When the devices detached from his body, he saw that the
machine had giving him long, pink fingernails.  He looked down past
his now maiden breasts and saw his toenails were also pink.  He could
feel the makeup on his face.  His lashes, now long and full, rimmed
his eyesight.  His lips were moist with lipstick.  Perfume was sprayed
on his neck, between his breasts, and on his stomach.  A sharp pain in
his lobes alerted him to pearl earrings being attached to his ears.

        The ramp moved him to the next segment.  The changes the
machine gave to him began to overwhelm him.  Mechanical arms emerged
from the wall.  Lacy, pink french-cut panties were pulled up his legs.
At the same time, a matching bra lowered over his raised arms, cupping
his breasts.  The bra began to constrict around him as it was
fastened, slightly pushing his breasts up, giving him cleavage.  He
winced at this effect.  Next, beige pantyhose were rolled up his legs.
The pantyhose made him feel strange, like something smooth and silky
was clinging tightly to his legs, but he could feel the coolness of
air as if he weren't wearing anything.  Next, a slip was pulled over
his arms.  He felt the light touch of silk as it brushed down against
his pantyhose.  A tight, fully lined, black-patterned knee-high skirt
rose over his hips.  He felt the zipper being tugged close from
behind.  A white blouse began to encircle his upper torso as the
machine buttoned it on him.  His arms slid through a tailored jacket
matching the skirt.  His feet were slipped into black patent high heel
pumps and a matching purse was dropped onto his shoulder.

        Jack was scared.  His breasts rose up and down as he hyper-
ventilated.  At the end of the machine was a mirror.  He recognized
his own eyes, but his face and body looked like a women's.  He was
dressed head to toe in women's clothes right down to the underwear.
His body had real breasts and hips.  He had long, wavy shoulder-
length hair.  He felt like tearing off all of the clothes and wiping
off the make-up, but was powerless to do so.

        As the machine pause for it's owner to examine it's the fruit
of it's labors, Jack began to mentally explore his body.  He could
feel the constriction of his bra on his breasts, the panties riding on
his hips.  The airy, clinging feel of the pantyhose on his legs, which
also allowed him to wiggle and slide his toes in his high heel pumps.
He could feel the slipperiness of his tight lined skirt over his
reshaped derriere.  The scent of a women's perfume reached his nose.
Jack stared in shocking fascination at the beautiful figure in the
mirror and a lady starred back, pink lips slightly agape.

        A chime sounded and the machine spoke, "You look gorgeous,
Linda.  Have a nice day at work."  Then the machine release it's grip
on Jack.  He immediately began to totter on his high heels and fell
out of the exit of the machine and passed out.

                               Part II
                              Awakening

        Jack began to awaken from what seemed to be a terrible
nightmare.  He dreamt that he was turned into a women and forced to
dress in women's clothes.  He slowly came to his senses and forced one
of his eyes to open a crack.  He saw his long hair blocking his vision
which shocked him into reality.  It was not a dream!  "I am in lady's
clothes!"  He tried to scream, but found that he must have hit his
throat when he passed out, and all that he could manage was a faint
whisper.  He tried to get up, but found that he was weak and dizzy.

        When Jack shifted his weight to sit upright, he saw a pair of
men's shoes in front of him.  Startled, Jack looked up to see a man
with a concerned look on his face staring down at him!  Jack began to
panic: here he was dressed to the hilt in women's clothing and a man
was looking at him.  Could this man tell that Jack was a man dressed
as a woman?  Jack tried to get up, but was still too weak.  Jack tried
to speak, but couldn't even whisper.  The man spoke, "Miss, are you
O.K.?"  He put his arm under Jack's arm and supported his back.  He
put his other arm under Jack's nylon-clad legs and lifted Jack up off
of the ground.  Jack felt limp in the man's arms.  He felt half-naked
because he had a short skirt on instead of pants.

        As the man walked with Jack in his arms over to the bed, he
explained, "I am a doctor.  Your Auto-Closet called me when it sensed
that you collapsed, Miss.  I need to examine you to see if you are
O.K."  Jack tried to protest, to tell him to just leave, but was
unable to speak.  From what Jack could tell, the doctor believed that
Jack was a lady without even a second glance.

        The doctor placed Jack on the bed and as Jack tried weakly to
get up, the doctor pushed him back down.  "Please, err..., Linda is
it?  Just relax.  My name is Steve by the way."  The doctor reached
down beside the bed and opened his Doctor's bag, retrieving a
stethoscope.  Jack felt his blouse being unbuttoned by the doctor.
Alarmed, Jack tried to push the Doctor's hand away, but was easily
overpowered.  Jack felt the Doctor's hand move inside the top of his
slip with the stethoscope.  His breast tingled with goosebumps as the
Doctor's hand brushed past his bra, to his heart.  He felt the cold
metal of the stethoscope on his chest.

        Jack look up as Steve rebuttoned his blouse.  "Linda, you seem
fine, just a little exhausted, and that bruise on your neck should
keep you from talking for a while."  Jack saw that Steve was now
smiling and looking at him the way a man looks at a woman, only Jack
wasn't a woman!  Before Jack could react or protest, the doctor
grabbed Jack's shoulders and pulled him into his arms.  His lips
touched Jack's painted lips.  Jack was horrified and revolted.  Jack's
horror gave his body the adrenaline it needed to react.  Jack lifted
his hand and tried to punch the doctor, but it ended in a slap with
Jack's long fingernails scratching the Doctor's face.

        The doctor, angered by the slap and fearing that "Linda" would
report him to the authorities shouted, "Linda, you're delirious!  I
must restrain you.  Can I get some help in here!" Two other doctors
who were waiting outside came in.  Jack, struggling to get free of
Steve, found his arms being bound as the other two doctors overwhelmed
him.  He felt leather restraints being buckled to each wrist, his arms
being pulled apart and the ends of the restraints being tied to each
bedpost.   His legs were held tight as they were similarly being
buckled.  Fearing that he might be accosted as a woman, Jack tried to
keep his legs together, but they were slowly pulled apart as the
doctors fastened the leg restraints to the bedposts at the foot of the
bed.

        Here Jack was, lying spread-eagle and helpless.  He was all
decked out on women's clothes and he could not speak to tell them that
he was not a girl and to help him change back into his former self.
One doctor pulled out a hypodermic needle, "This will help you to
sleep."  Jack felt a sting in his arm, and felt a slow burning
sensation move up his arm, then he began to relax.  The other doctor
removed Jack's high heels saying, "We'll contact your relatives to
check up on you, Linda."  Then they left the room.

        Jack felt a wisp of wind on his stocking feet as the door
closed.  His head began to feel groggy.  He struggled against his
bonds, but to no avail.  He looked at his wrists, shrugging as his
painted fingernails reminded him of his feminine state.  The buckles
looked secure.  He tried to fight the drug and remain awake, not
wanting to fall asleep in the state of dress that he was in.  His
consciousness faded.

        Jack forced his eyes open.  How long had he been out for?  He
deduced that he did not sleep for long, as the relatives that the
doctors said they would send to this place had not arrived yet.  Jack
felt stronger and struggled with the bonds.  Just then, he heard a
noise.  Someone was coming and Jack was prone, tied-up and dressed as
a girl.  Jack struggled some more against his bonds.  The door to the
bedroom opened.  Jack looked up and saw that it was a girl with a
surprised look on her face.  "Who are you?" she shouted.  "Who tied
you to my bed?  Why are you wearing my clothes?"  It was the real
Linda, just returned from work.  "I'm going to call the police!" and
Linda left the room.

        Jack panicked and thought, "Not the police, what more can
happen to me!"  He pulled at his restraints and a bedpost snapped,
freeing his right arm.  Thank goodness for cheap bedstands!  He
reached over and began unbuckling the restraint on his left hand,
listening to Linda call the police in the next room.  It was difficult
for Jack to unbuckle the restraints due to his long fingernails, but
finally he was free.  He heard Linda leave the room a go outside,
speculating that she did not want to be in the same room with a
complete stranger, bound or not.  But Jack was free.

        Jack walked to the machine, feeling an odd feeling as his
breasts bounced and his legs were constrained from running by the
tight skirt.  Oddly, Jack walked rather than ran as he unconsciously
did not want to tear the seemingly fragile garments that he was
wearing.

        Jack came to the entrance of the Auto-Closet, thinking that if
it could turn him into a woman, that it could turn him back into good
ol' Jack again.  He paused at the control panel and turned the
"physical enhancement" button off.  "That should do it!" Jack said
eagerly.  He jumped on the ramp, confident that the machine will
change him back into a man.

        Again, the machine began, "Hello, Linda!  How was work?"  The
machine began it's autoscan, sensing that this physical form did
indeed match Linda's profile.  Mechanical arms came out and removed
Jack's tailored jacket and blouse.  He felt his skirt being unzipped
from behind sliding smoothly down his legs and disappearing.  The
machine removed his slip, and started to unfasten his bra.  Jack
breathed a sign of relief as the bra was unhooked, taking the pressure
from the bra straps off of his sore shoulders.  Jack was prepared to
be changed back into himself in the second "physical augmentation"
segment, but the ramp took him past, into the third segment.  Jack
again panicked, "Oh, no!  It didn't work.  I've got to get out of
here."  But as he tried to move, the machine once again set up a
magnetic field which prevented him from moving again.  The make-up
mask again snaked out at him and attached to his face, reapplying and
touching up his previous make-up.  He moved to the forth segment and
saw, to his frustration, that the mechanical hands were waiting for
him with more of Linda's clothes.  This time, the machine put peach
colored panty briefs and matching bra on him and a peach colored slip.
Nude pantyhose were pulled up his legs and a bright floral print
knee-length sundress flowed down around him, colored with lavender and
light blue on a white background.  Jack felt the dress tighten as the
machine zippered him into the dress.  Lavender, opened-toed high heel
slings were placed on his feet and a matching purse was placed on his
shoulders.  The machine once again brought him to a mirror.  Jack
stared at his reflection in frustration as it revealed his figure,
completely emasculated, almost a southern belle in the sundress.
Again, the machine move him to the exit, and the force-field was
released.

        Jack nearly fell over when the force-field was released,
struggling to maintain balance in his flimsy high heel slings.  The
pantyhose made his feet slip inside to shoes.

        Jack suddenly realized that he had to get out of here before
the police came.  He quickly minced out of the machine towards the
bedroom door.  No one was in the living room and he stepped in.
Surprised, he saw that Linda had left her purse behind in her haste to
leave the building.  He opened her purse and discovered a pocket book
with money and credit cards, make-up, and other assorted items.  He
transferred them into his lavender purse and ran to the front door.

        What would Jack encounter in the outside of this future world
nightmare?  Here he was dressed in a sundress, completely made over as
a girl.  Even if he found men's clothes, how was he to get his figure
back to normal.  He could get his shoulder length hair easily cut like
a man's, but how could he disguise his jutting breasts and wide hips?

                              Part III
                                Escape

        Jack left the front door and found himself in what he believed
was a condo complex.  He saw an elevator at the end of the hall and
headed towards it.  He felt strange as he walked, like he was half
naked since he did not have any pants on.  His breasts jiggled, gently
straining the bra straps on his shoulders.  He was conscious of his
wide hips and high heel slings causing his posterior to sway from side
to side.  He felt the dress brush against his pantyhose and a cool
breeze on his legs.  He had to fight to keep balanced as his stocking
feet kept slipping in his slings.  His hair bounced around, tickling
his shoulders.

        Just as Jack reached the elevator, the elevator door opened
and two policemen came out, nearly bumping into Jack.  Jack was
horrified.  Had he come this far only to be caught?  He imagined being
searched and "discovered" to be a man.  They would throw him in a
men's jail dressed to the hilt in women's clothes with real breasts.
He shuddered as he thought what the prisoners would do to him.  As
Jack stopped in his tracks, the policemen merely smiled at Jack, like
they would when encountering a pretty, young woman.  "Pardon me,
Miss," one of them wink as they both walked by.  Startled, Jack strode
into the elevator and pressed the first floor button.

        As the elevator doors opened on the first floor, Jack saw a
small crowd by the front desk, with Linda in the center with a
panicked look on her face.  Jack looked around and saw a parking
garage exit and moved in.  A blast of cold air hit Jack's nylon- clad
legs all the way up to his panties as he entered the garage.  He
reached down to stop the dress from blowing up and dropped his purse,
spilling it's contents on the garage floor.  As he quickly scooped
everything up, he saw men's shoes in front of him and a familiar voice
which sent a chill through his spine, "May I help you, Miss?"  It was
the doctor, dressed in civilian clothes! "Do you remember me Linda?"

        Jack thought about bolting through the front lobby to get
away, but remembered that the real Linda, and the police, were there.
Jack tried to run past Steve, but he stumbled in his high heels and
fell into Steve's arms.  He tried to scream, but Steve's hand cupped
over Jack's mouth.  Jack began to struggle, but Steve was too strong
and Jack's clothing seemed only to hamper his efforts.  Jack was
dragged to the rear of a van without windows.  Steve handcuffed one of
Jack's hands while holding Jack's mouth.  Jack struggled wildly, but
felt his other arm slowly being brought behind his back.  Soon it was
secured to the other arm.  A gag was inserted in his mouth and tied.
Steve threw Jack's bound upper torso in the van and grabbed Jack's
legs, pulling them together in a quick movement.  He tied Jack's feet
together with a towel.  When Jack felt his legs being lifted into the
van and he stopped struggling, his bondage being complete.  Jack
sighed heavily in frustration.  Did this guy, so enamored with Jack,
know that Jack was really a man trapped in women's clothing?

        Steve, satisfied that Jack was securely bound, entered the van
to examine his prize.  Jack looked helplessly at Steve and cried out,
"I'm not a girl!  I'm not a girl!  I'm a man in women's clothes.  Let
me go!"  But the gag in his mouth muffled his screams into something
indiscernible to Steve.  Steve look hungrily at the gorgeous lady he
hopelessly tied up.  Her struggling made it seem erotic to him.

        Jack continued to struggle and shout as he felt a hand on his
leg, caressing it, sliding up and down his silky pantyhose.  He felt
another hand softly touch his breasts, squeezing and massaging them.
His body began to tingle, but he felt nausea sweep his mind.

        He felt the hand on his leg move up to his derriere, slowly
massaging it, the fingers finding the top band of his pantyhose and
panties, and slowly pulling them down.  Jack desperately wanted to cry
out, but the gag and binding restrained him.

        Just then, Jack saw through the open van doors what looked
like the lights of a police car being reflected off the garage wall.
A telltale squawk of a police radio affirmed his hunch.  Steve noticed
to, and stopped.  He looked at Jack in frustration and stealthily left
the van and disappeared, leaving Jack helplessly bound in gagged in
the rear of the van, dressed as a girl.

        Jack heard another sound as someone approached the van.  Was
Steve returning?  Was it the police?  A voice said, "What are these
doors doing opened?", and Jack saw the doors close.  Jack heard the
front door open and close.  Fortunately for Jack, the cab of the van
was separated by a partition, so at least Jack would not be discovered
for a while.  Jack heard the engine being started, and the van started
to move.

        Jack's arms were bound securely by the handcuffs, but he found
that he could move his legs due to the slippery pantyhose he wore.  He
slid one leg against the other to try to work free of the towel which
bound his legs.  The rubbing of his dress and silk slip on his nylon-
clad legs and panties began to have and erotic effect on him and he
flushed.  The van turned a corner, and Jack rolled from the effect
onto his stomach.  He saw his breasts being pushed up from the top of
the dress, showing cleavage and reminding him of women he dated in the
past.  The sight of cleavage on his own chest simultaneously
stimulated and humiliated him.  He smelled the odor of his sweat mixed
with the women's perfume that the machine sprayed on him, and the
scent of his lipstick through his labored breathing.

        Jack's legs came free of the towel.  He must figure a way out
of the handcuffs and the van before it stopped and he was discovered.
The van turned again and he rolled across the floor and felt a sharp
object, before he rolled to a stop on the other side of the van wall.
He tried to move back to the spot where the object was, but his high
heels slowed his progress.  He tried to kick off the heels, but the
straps on the slings held them tightly on his feet.  Clumsily, Jack
squirmed back to the spot where he felt the object.  He found them
again and they felt like keys!  Could it be that the handcuff keys
fell out of Steve's pocket during the struggle?

        Jack managed to put the key in the handcuffs with difficulty:
his long fingernails kept getting in the way.  Finally, he turned the
lock and he was free!

        Just as Jack began to open the door, the van stopped and Jack
heard footsteps approaching the back of the van.  The doors opened,
startling Jack and he found himself starring at a rather pretty woman.
The woman, equally surprised, said, "Who are you and what are you
doing inside of my van?"  Jack did not want her to discover that he
was a man, which, knowing Jack's luck, would probably lead to more
trouble so he tried to continue his charade as a woman.  Jack, finding
his voice returning to him in a high delicate pitch, replied, "Someone
tried to abduct me and tied me up in the back of your van.  He was
scared away when you came.  I just now freed myself."  She was
shocked, noticing the bindings in the back of the van and the red
welts on Jack's hands.  She said, "You poor thing!  I'll contact the
police!"  "No, wait!" Jack pleaded, "Please don't involve the police.
I'm deeply embarrassed by what happened."  The woman paused and
thoughtfully said, "Please come stay with me, then, until you recover.
My name is Janet."

                               Part IV
                      Advanced Auto-Closet Model

        "I'm Jackie," Jack replied as he was led into her house.  She
sat Jack down and fed him as she talked about herself, not wanting to
bring up Jack's past traumatic event.  Jack learned that she was
single and reasonably well off, having inherited her home and wealth
from recently departed husband.

        Janet observed Jackie from head to toe, noticing a beautiful
young girl in a bright sundress.  Jackie's dress was slightly torn in
places and she had a run in her nylons from her ordeal.  Her face was
dirty and her make-up was smeared from her sweaty trip in the van.
Red welts were on her arms and legs.

        Jack thought to himself that he should continue to pretend to
be a woman for just a few hours longer.  If he could get Janet to
leave, he could sneak into the Auto-Closet of her former husband and
change back into a man: Good ol' Jack, his former self.  Then he would
figure a way out of this strange futuristic world.

        Jack's thoughts were interrupted when Janet exclaimed, "how
rude of me!  Janet, you should get cleaned up right away.  I happen to
have a deluxe Auto-Closet model series number 30001F, which has a
built-in ultra-sonic shower."

        Oh, no! Not again!" Jack thought as he was led to Janet's
Auto-Changer.  The changer held Jack in place as it scanned him.
Being a more advanced series machine, it detected the presence of
Jack's male appendage.  Being programmed only for the female anatomy,
it puzzled for a few minutes and began to modify it's program.

        Jack saw the scan light stop in the area of his male appendage
and began to panic as he thought the machine would try to remove it.
He tried to struggle, but was held in place.  The machine began
gingerly removing his clothes.  He felt his sundress being unzipped
and slipped over his head.  Next came his slip.  The straps holding
his high heel open-toed slings were unbuckled and the shoes removed,
followed by his bra, pantyhose and panties until he was completely
nude.  He saw a mechanical arm move towards his groin and he shut his
eyes to brace for the pain.  The pain did not come.  Instead, a skin-
like putty substance attached itself to his appendage.  It felt as if
it were alive as it flattened his profile to resemble a female's lower
torso, much to the machine's satisfaction.

        His body was cleaned thoroughly, fresh make-up applied, and
Jack found himself in a clingy knit cream-colored mini-dress and
matching high heel pumps.

        Janet greeted him at the exit, "You look much better, Jackie!"
"Thank you Janet, but may I use the bathroom?" Jack replied.  "Of
course, it just down the hall."  Jack walked into the bathroom and
closed the door, locking it behind him.  Jack took off his high heels
and pulled his mini-dress up.  He rolled his pantyhose down, careful
not to snag it with his long nails.  He pulled his panties down to
examine the artificial skin that the Auto-Closet attached to his
groin.  It matched his real skin an gave the appearance of a woman's
clitoris.  He could feel his appendage trapped inside.  He tried to
pull the skin off, but it would not come off.  His appendage felt like
it was in a gel.

        Jack caught a glance of himself in the mirror and saw a
beautiful female with her dress pulled up above her waist, pantyhose
and panties pulled down her legs, with her pelvis exposed.  Only the
woman in the mirror was Jack!  The image of the partially naked woman
excited Jack and his appendage began to grow inside the gel.  Thinking
with disgust that the attractive woman in the mirror was actually
himself, Jack pulled up his panties and pantyhose and pulled the dress
down into place.  He slipped his feet back into the high heels and was
about to leave.

        To Jack's surprise, the artificial skin that the advanced
Auto-Closet attached to his groin, was not merely a disguise.  It had
neuro-receptors allowing it to be functional.  Being that Janet had
been windowed and was alone, she programmed her Auto-Closet to enhance
her physical appearance with neuro-stimulators for sexual fulfillment.
Janet had forgotten to disable this feature when she forced Jack
through.  Sensing Jack's sexual arousal, the neuro- stimulators in the
gel surround Jack's appendage began to react, stimulating and
massaging Jack with computer precision.

        Jack felt an incredible sensation around his groin build.  He
thought it unnatural to be stimulated and not to have any control over
it.  He had to calm down!  He left the bathroom and asked Janet if he
could lie down to try to relax.  Janet led him to a bedroom.  Jack
immediately closed to door and lay down in the bed.  The bed had
mirrors mounted above it.  Jack saw his reflection, a seductive young
woman with flowing long hair and a curvy body.  The stimulators again
kicked in.  Jack saw himself in the mirror, the nipples on his breasts
becoming visible through the knit mini-dress as they became hard.  His
breaths became shallower as the stimulation continued.  He bent his
leg and saw the woman in the mirror, his reflection, reveal a shapely
thigh clad in pantyhose.  He reached to his groin to try to stop the
stimulation, but it continued.  The neuro-sensor program was designed
to bring a person to the brink of orgasm for hours and beyond.

        Jack started to coo now.  His image in the mirror above showed
a girl parting her ruby red lips, half-shutting her long, curled
eyelashes in obvious pleasure.  Jack thought, "Help me!  No I don't
want this to happen.  Please stop, please stop!  I'm not a girl and I
do not like wearing girls clothes!"  But the stimulation continued and
Jack was inadvertently placed in a sort of biofeedback state.  He saw
his reflection, a beautiful young woman's reflection in the mirrors
above him, which aroused him.  This caused the neuro-stimulator to act
on him, driving him crazy with pleasure at the sight of him dressed as
a woman.

        He felt his breasts begin to swell, straining against his
push-up bra, enhancing his cleavage.  His slip slid against his silky
underwear, stimulating him.  As his body began to tremble, his nylon
clad legs began brushing against the satin sheets.  Sweat glistened on
his forehead and his makeup began to run.  Strands of his long wavy
hair clung to his face.  The woman in the mirror looked incredibly
erotic.  He smelled the woman's perfume that he was wearing and the
odor of his lipstick, triggered by his sweating.  He was powerless to
resist.  His head pounded, his body ached.  The woman in the mirror
was cringing, arching her back, curling up in a ball.  He was
helpless, dressed completely as a woman and unable to move, being
driven mad with pleasure.

        He began to thrust his hips unconsciously as his reflection
showed a woman thrusting her torso towards him.  The neuro- stimulator
program knew 517 ways to cause a man to orgasm and 1,203 ways to cause
a woman to orgasm.  It's effect was profound on Jack.  Jack couldn't
stand it.  He wanted to rip his dress off, tear off his bra and nylons
to prove his manhood to himself, but the seductive woman in the mirror
prevented him, and forced him to stay totally decked out.  He senses
heightened, threatening to overwhelm him.  He felt completely foreign
to himself as his panties, bra, pantyhose, slip, dress, high heels and
make-up clung tightly to him.  Suddenly, he exploded in an
uncontrollable orgasm, sending a shutter through his body.  The
neuro-stimulators did not give up as he orgasmed again.  He
desperately wanted it to stop, unable to take any more.  Again, he
orgasmed, his reflection in the mirror shaking like a rag doll.
Slowly, the stimulation subsided.

        Jack lay in bed for awhile, watching his reflection in the
mirror, his breasts rising and falling with each breath.  His dress
somewhat lifted up, partly revealing his derriere and the telltale
dark line where the panty part of the pantyhose began.  A hint of lace
from his skirt winked out at him.

        He slowly rose to the side of the bed, allowing the plush
bedroom carpet to tickle his damp, nylon clad feet.  Jack thought for
a moment and decided that he must change back into a man before he
lost the willpower to resist his forced feminization.

        He unlocked the bedroom door and opened it just a crack.  The
halls were silent - Janet was nowhere to be seen.  Jack moved in his
stocking feet, holding his high heels in his hands as he moved to the
master bedroom, where the male "Auto-Closet" was.  No one was inside.
Jack pressed the "enable" switch on and to his relief, the machine
sprang to life.  He walked onto the ramp and the door lifted up, his
heart beating faster as he neared his goal.  As the ramp moved him
into the first compartment, he was suddenly surprised by a tingly
sensation in his groin area.

        "Oh, no! Not now!"  The auto-stimulators mistook his suspense
for sexual arousal.  He tried to move his hand down to his groin, but
a magnetic field from the Auto-Closet held him fast.  Here was Jack,
looking like a complete woman in a mini-dress and heels, frozen on a
ramp like a dress shop mannequin, just inches away from his goal.  The
stimulation increased, raising goosebumps on Jack's body.  The ramp
move him into the scanning area.

        The male computer became confused as it scanned Jacks body.
The characteristics did not resemble that of a male.  Jack willed the
computer to hurry as the stimulation electrified.  The computer made
up it's mind to give its owner a more masculine build, assuming that
too much beer led his body to it's current state.  The computer voice
clicked, "Proceeding with male physical amplifications."

        Jack felt ecstatic.  Finally, he will be free of these
terrible lady's garments.  But as the computer was about to begin to
transform Jack, a strange glowing light began to encircle him.  The
space-time continuum began to bend around him. "No!" Jack screamed.
He realized that a time machine that he had constructed to bring him
into this future time was now calling him back before he could change
back into a man.  Once returned back to his own present time, a time
before Auto-Closets existed, he would be stuck as a woman for the rest
of his life!  It was a race against time as the male Auto-Closet began
to remove his dress and underwear and the time machine continued to
build the energy necessary to transport Jack back.  All of Jack's
clothes were off and the computer began the physical enhancements.
Would there be enough time?  Jack looked at his hand.  It began to
slowly fade before his eyes.  Mechanical disks from the Auto-Closet
attached to Jack's chest and posterior.  Just a few seconds more...

                               Part V
                               Epilogue

        Janet returned to the master bedroom, hearing noises of her
departed husband's Auto-Closet running.  When she peered through the
front opening, there was no one inside.  Janet turned the machine off
and called for Jackie, but there was no answer.

        In another part of the city, a doctor named Steve was arrested
by the police, charged with the abduction and disappearance of a girl
discovered in one Linda Somer's apartment.  He subsequently escaped,
disguising himself as a woman using an Auto-Closet.  Unknown to him,
the model he used was an ultra-deluxe Auto-Closet model series number
78900F.  He discovered, to his horror, that he was unable to change
back into a man, even when using a male Auto-Closet model series
number 78900M.  He was subsequently recaptured and sent to a women's
prison where he was repeatedly accosted by the inmates and eventually
went mad.

        Jack, back in his own time now, was just a few weeks away from
finishing his latest project.  He was making good time.  Deep inside
of the complex machine he inserted a circuit board and ran the
diagnostics.  The fifth segment of the machine was briefly active,
then was shut down.  Jack grinned.  He wiped to sweat from his brow
using the sleeve of his white lab coat.  "Yes, just a few more weeks!"

        Jack extricated himself from within the machine.  Tired, he
looked up at the clock and decided to call it quits.  He removed his
labcoat and hung it on a rung.  Then he noticed a snag in his
pantyhose.  "Shit!" He exclaimed.  He shrugged, touching up his lips
with coral pink lipstick and adjusting his dress.  He turned all the
lights out in his lab save one.  The lone light illuminated a sign on
the machine that Jack was working on.  The sign read, "Auto-Closet
model series number 00001M, male version."

FIN
