 Copyright (c) 1997 Lisa Cohn.   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.



       

                           The Awakening 
                           #############
     
        A story of two young girls first time  -  together!
                            

                            By Lisa Cohn
                            ############


Kelly had just moved house and had started at a new school. She was
only twelve years old. It was quite an ordeal meeting so many other  
youngsters, all of whom had known eachother for years. During the
day she got to know some of the other girls in the class and by the
end of the week she had made several new friends. One of these new      
friends was Marie.

As the weeks passed the girls became firm friends and Marie asked her
mother if Kelly could stay over night at the weekend. She said yes. 
And so the following  Saturday night Kelly packed a small bag with her
overnight things and her father drove her to Marie's house. It was such
a large house with five bedrooms each with their own bathroom. Kelly
had never been to a house such as this. It seemed like a mansion to 
her.The girls had alot of fun, played records, watched a video and
finally it was time to go to bed.                                     

"I always have a shower before I go to bed." said Marie. "Will you
have one too?"
"Okay" replied Kelly " I'll go after you."
Marie grabbed her towel and headed off into her bathroom. She left   
the door open just slightly so they could continue their conversation.
After a minute or so it was obvious that conversation would be
impossible above the noise of the water.
"Come in here and sit on the seat." shouted Marie."I can't hear a word 
you're saying."
Without a second thought Kelly picked up her towel and walked into
the bathroom. She sat on a small padded seat by a long mirror which   
was opposite the shower. Lying on the floor were Marie's clothes, a  
small t-shirt, jeans, and a pair of little blue satin panties. The    
girls often talked about clothes and Kelly wondered where Marie could 
have got such a nice pair of panties.
"Where did you get your panties?" she asked.
"They're lovely, aren't they." Came the reply from behind the shower
door. "I bought them through a mail order catalogue a couple of weeks 
ago." There was a short pause then marie called out,"What are you    
wearing?" 
Kelly couldn't remember so quickly undid her jeans and let them fall
to her knees. "The white lacey ones from Burchetts." she replied.
With that the frosted glass of the shower door open and
Marie looked  out. "Oh, they're very nice. Go on, model them for me!"
Kelly removed her jeans and pulled up her t-shirt exposing all of the
little white panties. She turned round and round a couple of times with
one hand one her hip, tossing her hair back as she had seen models do
when showing clothes.

By this time Marie had stepped out of the shower. She was completely 
naked with water dripping from her body. Her small breasts shining as
the light caught their wetness. The water was trickling down her body.
The small amount of hair around her vagina glistened and dripped small
droplets onto the carpet between her feet.

Kelly stopped and looked at Marie. She had seen girls take their clothes
off before for a shower at school, but somehow this time it was different.
Marie was her best friend and looked so beautiful naked, her long blond
hair, wet at the ends, lying over one shoulder. A smile on her face and
her blue eyes shining as she looked at Kelly. Marie walked over and took
a robe from the back of the chair. She slipped it around her and dried
herself a little. She rubbed he hands making sure that all the water was
off them. She turned round, not bothering to fasten the robe, and looked
at Kelly's panties.
"They look lovely and soft." she said in a quiet voice. "Can I feel them?"
Kelly moved forwards a little and turned, offering her thigh for the
touch. Marie's hand stretched out and felt for the material. 
"They must be lovely to wear." she said softly. Her hand moved and she
caressed the small, firm rear of her friend. Kelly moved away.
"What about yours?" she said quickly. "You've got to model yours too!"
Marie bent down, picked up the blue panties and slipped then on. She 
removed the robe and strutted towards the bathroom door and back,
flicking her hips as she went, her small breasts vibrating slightly as 
she moved.
She then walked up to Kelly and stood in front of her. Kelly moved her
hand down and slowly started to feel her friend's panties. She too moved
her hand round and she gently fondled Marie's backside. The two girls
looked at eachother and then suddenly, as if waking from a trance, moved
apart.

"Come on. It's your turn. I've had my shower." said Marie.
Again without thinking twice, Kelly pulled her t-shirt over her head
revealing a pair of beautifully small, pointed breasts. She let the 
t-shirt fall to the floor and looked down and her breasts. She could see
that her little nipples were larger than they normally were, like they
became when she rubbed herself between her legs. She paused but for a 
split second and then slipped off her panties. As they lay on the floor
she  could see a tiny damp patch. She turned and walked towards the
shower, stepped in, closed the door and turned on the water. She stood
there letting the water flow over her body, taking the trouble not to 
wet her short, red hair, then took the soap and covered her petite 
frame with lather. As she rubbed her body she had the strangest feeling
and could not help placing one hand between her legs to secretly rub
her vagina.

Not wanting to take too long she rinsed the soap from her body, shut off
the water and stepped from the shower. She could see Marie standing naked
in front of the mirror brushing her hair. In the reflection she could see
that her other hand slowly rubbing at the entrance to her vagina, letting
a single finger slip between the small folds of skin. Suddenly realising
Kelly was there, Marie stopped her secret touching unaware that her
friend had seen all in the mirror. Once again she slipped the robe on 
without fastening it.

Kelly started to dry herself. She turned to see Marie watching her every
move.
"Can I help you?" she asked in a quiet, almost frightened voice.
"If you like." replied Kelly.
Marie took a towel and started to rub gently on kelly's back, making 
small circular motions. The circles moved lower until she was touching
her young friend's firm rear. Without warning Marie blurted out:
"I could see you touching yourself in the shower. Does it make you feel
all funny and tingly?"
"Yes." murmered Kelly, her face flushed with embarrasment. "I saw you 
too - in the mirror as I came out of the shower." She turned to look 
at Marie. She too had turned a delightful shade of pink. Marie did not
move the towel, and so now it rested on the entrance to her friend's
vagina. She looked into Kelly's eyes and continued the small circular
motions as she had done before. Kelly responded by doing the same, only
after a few seconds she let the towel slip from her grasp and gently
rubbed with her fingers.

With both towels now lying side by side on the floor the girls began to
explore eachother's body. They relied on experiences of their own 
self exploration, only this time pleasuring and exciting eachother. 
Marie's finger slid a small way into the folds of flesh, slowly moving
lower. Kelly moved her feet apart to accommodate the youngster's curious
probing finger. As the finger pushed at her tiny bud of a clitoris she
gasped and felt a wonderful warmth in her body. She responded as if she
were copying every move that Marie was making. She slid her finger up
and down until Marie opened her legs and offered her the opportunity to
return the pleasure. By now their fingers were feeling the damp inner-
most parts of their friend. 

It was Kelly who moved her hand first, up to Marie's small breast, making
the small circular motions as if she were drying the nipple with a small
towel. The little red mound grew as she gently rubbed back and forth.
She could see a strange smile on Marie's face as she did so. There was
such a look of pleasure, an almost 'I'm glad it's you' look. Marie
responded in the same way and soon the girls hands were moving up and
down from one sensitive zone to another.

There was much wetness between the girls legs by this time. Marie 
examined her fingers. She placed them under her nose and breathed in
slowly, experiencing the smell of another for the first time. It was
different from what she had expected. She felt the temptation to lick
the juice from her hand, but stopped short, worried that she might be
doing something very wrong. Suddenly her body stiffened. Kelly had 
placed her mouth over the small breast and begun to lick and suck her
young friend.
"It this what it feels like when a baby takes its mother's milk?" she 
asked.
"I don't know." replied Marie. "It feels so good."

The silence had been broken, the moment almost lost. The two girls stood
looking at eachother not knowing what the other was thinking. Marie 
slipped on her robe and offered one to Kelly.
"It's getting late. We really should be going to bed."
There was an air of embarrassment now. Was what had just happned the
right? It had felt so nice, so warm, so ........ well, just right!

They left their clothes lying in the bathroom and went back into the
bedroom. They each sat on on the floor. They did not talk. It was if
they were both thinking, reliving those wonderful moments that they had
just shared. As Marie thought her hand moved up to her mouth and she
licked at her fingers. The taste! She suddenly realised what she had 
done and stopped. She gazed at them and looked at the the juice drying
on the hand and fingers. The taste. She selected a patch on one finger
and slowly let her tongue take her friend's juices into her mouth.

"I've never done anything like that with anyone." said Kelly. "I really
enjoyed it. Is it wrong?"
"I don't know." replied Marie. "That was my first time too. I've never
even let a boy touch me  -  anywhere. It was so special. I enjoyed it
too!"
"Why are you licking your fingers?" asked Kelly.
"They have this funny juice on them. I like the taste of it. It came 
from inside you. I just want to taste it."
Kelly looked at her own fingers. They too were glistening with the 
fluids from her friend's body. She could smell the smell. Nervously
she placed one finger in her mouth. She could taste her friend. The taste.

"Kelly, did you see that film on Thursday night, the one about the
soldier?"
"My father turned it off. He said I wasn't old enough to see things 
like that!"
"I watched it up here on my own TV when the others were downstairs.
There was one bit when the soldier was having it with his girlfriend.
He licked his fingers too and then he put his head down between her 
legs. You couldn't see anything, but I think he was licking her -
you know - there!"
Kelly moved over to Marie and opened her bathrobe. She looked at her
young body.
"Lie on the bed and move your legs apart" she said. Marie did.
Leaning forward Kelly moved her head between her friend's thighs. She
stopped for a moment. She could smell the scent. She gently rubbed at
Marie's tiny little bud until she started getting damp again, then 
plucking up courage said:
"It must have felt like this." and opened Marie's soft slit with one hand
and started to lick furiously. 
Marie Moaned and squirmed at the attention her friend was giving her.
She was so hot, so wet and soon she was bucking her hips, pushing her
mound into Kelly's face. She groaned even louder. Kelly thought that the 
whole of the rest of the house would be woken by the cries, but she
didn't care. It was wonderful. Marie's juice was flowing all over her face. 
She could taste the beautiful taste of young love.

For the next hour the girls pleasured eachother.  There was no shame, no
embarrassment, no pretending. It was real  -  so wonderfully real!                                         


                                                        
 


     ##################################################################












                  






































































