                               IMMMMMMMMMM;
                               :CYBERSABER:
                               HMMMMMMMMMM<
ISSUE 1                      A Computer 'Zine                           May
DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
Editor:servO(Daniel Stringfield)at 73544,504 on CompuServe

DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
By:servO                     *FROM THE EDITOR*
    This is the very first issue of CYBERSABER.  This is a 'zine for us, 
the computer people.  If you have something to say, or yell, send a ASCII 
version to me on CompuServe at 73544,504(Internet users can send it as 
73544.504@compuserve.com).  Almost anything goes.  Freely distribute this 
'zine to everyone you know.  If you want to be on the list of people who 
get it regularly, e-mail your name and digital address.  You can get a disk 
mailed to you if you pay for the disk, postage, and the disk mailer in 
advance.  Post copies on your local BBS. And I am sorry for having a fairly 
lousy first issue, but after you start sending in your own material it will 
get better.  Send in anything any time you like.  A subscription issue will 
be in production soon, so e-mail me if you would like this subscription.  A 
self viewing file format with color graphics and various fonts will be at 
your disposal if you are a subscriber.  This text version can be downloaded 
on CompuServe from the CYBERFORUM, under ZINES.  Thank you for taking the 
time to view this free issue of CYBERSABER.
DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
                              *Trade Center*
                  |E-mail to servO what you have & price|
Mini-Case w/250 w/p.s.:$60 or trade for 40M MFM hard drive
CGA Monitor:$50 or trade for 40M MFM hard drive
1Node Lantastic AI w/ARCnet board:$60 or trade for 40M MFM hard drive.
  from Daniel Stringfield
TONS of GIF's : will trade equivalent bytes for anarchy files
  from rEDdragon by way of Daniel Stringfield
Robotics "How To" manuals: trade for something nice
CD's: trade for something nice
  from Daniel Stringfield
DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
                                   *ELL*
By:servO
    I am creating a new language called ELL.  If you want a listing of what  
I have so far, e-mail the request to me.  I should have a file compiled 
soon.  The truth is, it is not a real "language."  I have created short 
(about four characters max, but will increase in size later) "words" the 
have a close meaning to another shortened word.  The word 'hate' translated 
to ELL is 'IRS'.  You see my point there, they also tend to be funny.  The 
phrase 'Can I go to the bathroom?' translates to 'CP', and 'KLEP', coming 
from the word 'kleptomaniac' which means a person who is a compulsive 
thief, translates in english as 'I have to steal'.  So you see,  it's just 
a fun and funny project I am working on.  I have already created a number 
system so you can even count in this new language!(Pretty amazing isn't 
it?)
DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
                                *INTERNET*
By:Nick Rosen
Imagine an electronic, modern day version of the C19th Grand Tour, but 
instead of a cabin trunk and a steamer, a computer and a modem take today's 
gilded youth wandering past the accumulated culture of western civilization 
to date, gaining enjoyment as well as enlightenment out of the journey 
itself and the diversions available along the way.

It is a spin-off from the explosive growth of the Internet, the worlds 
biggest computer network, with an estimated 36m subscribers and growing at 
20% a month.

By connecting to the Internet, the gilded youth can then transfer himself 
to computerized databases all over the world. If the gilded youth is a 
single mother, she could first leave her children at "Kids Cafe" where kids 
from all over the world converse by electronic mail (and teach each other 
hacking, the art of breaking into computers over the phone lines). It is 
maintained by some Academics in Norway. She could also drop into the 
Femnet, started in San Francisco "to provide more demographic balance in 
the online world."

He could choose to inspect images of a recent archeological dig in 
Leptiminus, Tunisia. He could perhaps, compare it to others found in 
Pompeii or Sicily. He could then skip electronically to the contents of the 
Australian National Gallery, or the Israeli collection at the Smithsonian 
or any of thousands of points in "the Dataverse" where arts and literature 
are stored. The experimental Australian section currently includes 2,800 
images and their associated short records dealing with the history of 
printmaking from the 15th century to the end of the 19th century, and a few 
on the classical architecture of the Mediterranean. 2,500 images of 
classical architecture & architectural sculpture are shortly being added to 
this collection.
A more recent and permanent addition, is the Fine Art Forum Gallery which 
will be showing a new exhibition each month. It opened last month with a 
show of 28 paintings by Australian artist Wendy Mills. There is an 
electronic door from the Fine Art Gallery to the Fractal Gallery, showing 
computer generated art, and from there to the Mandlebrot Gallery, dedicated 
to the memory of the great mathematician.
Exhausted by this succession of images, our traveler could take comfort 
from a good book -- Project Guthenburg has placed the first few hundred, of 
a planned 10,000 classic, out, of copyrighted books in an electronic 
library which includes Plato and Alice In Wonderland and Thomas Mann's 
Magic Mountain. Since much of the big work is still done by enthusiasts and 
academics, the choice of subjects reflect their interests.
The Internet was started by academics, which is why much of the data is 
still relatively lofty. It is increasingly being used as a means of 
entertainment and business transactions (everything from porn to cheap 
airline tickets), but the core use is still for researchers and those with 
enquiring minds. There are over 7,000 special interest groups covering 
everywhere from Archeology to Zen Bhuddism, to Beavis and Butthead jokes. 
If your gilded youth wanted to make a comment about one of the books from 
the Guthenburg project, he could place it in one of the book discussion 
groups. If his comment were on any general interest, a lively discussion 
would die up and then fade away as others replied and debated the original 
message.

Computer programmers are turning the Internet from a resource for the 
expert computer user into a seamless web of connections for anyone to 
search for their own special interests without knowing or caring what the 
steps the computer is taking to fulfill their needs.

The result is a culture pot-pourri which can place an illuminated C15th 
manuscript one electronic door step way from the KGB's archives, or put the 
Smithsonian Museum next door to the poetry of Czeslaw Milosz with sound 
recordings of the author reading his own work.

For moments when the Grand Tour called for something less highbrow, the 
Virtual Nightclub, a temporary installation in January allowed visitors to 
walk through images of different rooms, listen to records and look at the 
latest fashions. MTV DJ Adam Curry has a free gossip column called 
Cyber-Trash, which last week broke the story that the brothers of Patrick 
Swayze and Sylvester Stallone had starred in a soft porn film in order to 
cash in on their famous names. If our gilded  youth doubted the story, he 
could E-mail Mr. Curry (who happens to be in New York) and receive 
confirmatory details within hours.

Music is already well-represented on the Internet. There is a list of over 
200,000 records, complete with reviews and links to others by the same 
composer or band. There have been some experimental chamber concerts with 
each member of the orchestra in a different place, and among the many music 
discussion groups is one for guitarists who want to exchange technical 
details. It has been become a forum where some leave tablature of their 
favorite songs. The earliest form of written music, tablature works by 
indicating the fret number of the note. It is not copyright protected in 
the same way as the current notation.  London band the "Digital Nomads" who 
produced the first pirate disc in the Philips CD-I format have become the 
latest to move their activities to the online world of the Internet.
DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
