
[35;1m°   °  °±    °  °±    °±²  °±²   °±²Û    °±²   °±²±°  °   °  °±    °  °±
[35;1m±   ±  ± ²   ±  ± ²   ±    ±  Û  ±       ±  Û  ±   ±  ±   ±  ± ²   ±  ± ²
[35;1m²   ²  ²  Û  ²  ²  Û  ²±°  ²±²   ² Û²±±  ²±²   ²   ²  ²   ²  ²  Û  ²  ²  Û 
[35;1m±   ±  ±   ² ±  ± ²   ±    ±  ±  ±    °  ±  ±  ±   ±  ±   ±  ±   ² ±  ± ²
[35;1m°±²±°  °    ±°  °±    °±²  °  °  °±²Û²±  °  °  °±²±°  °±²±°  °    ±°  °±

[33;1mBrought to you by: Lizard King and Zeus
[33;1mPLEASE SUBSCRIBE!!! see the bottom for more info.


[36;1m                    ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
[36;1m                    º                                  º
[36;1m                    º         Current Events           º
[36;1m                    º                                  º
[36;1m                    ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼





[35;1m                         âšôç˜ & dŒîô   [31;1;5mBUSTED! [0m
[32;1m                           õ         õ
[34;1m
Rusty and Edie's bbs was raided by the FBI on January 30th 1993.
Rusty and Edie's was located in Bordman, Ohio and served as one of 
the largest bulletin board services in the United States.  Rusty &
Edie's housed 19 gigs of which the majority of the files were 
reserved for elite users.  They had over 100,000 files available for
users to download form various countries such as the U.S.A., 
Canada, Finland, Sweden, Germany, France, Spain and the United Kingdom.
Rusty & Edie's received over 4,000 calls per day through 124 lines. 
The users of this BBS all had to pay a yearly fee of $89 to receive
access.  This would mean that from the 14,000 users the sysops would 
collect about 1.2 million dollars a year.  The bbs received more than
3.4 million phone calls since when they were establishled in 1987.
Seized in the raid were 124 high speed modems valued at approximately
37,000 dollars.  Hard-drives, cases, monitors, tape backups, and systems 
were also seized totalling at least 50,000 dollars.  Remember boys and   
girls pirating is a serious crime so do not try this at home.


                             
[35;1m                     Another One Bites the Dust!
[33;1m                              çâ”ä€ [31;1;5mBUSTED! [0m


[34;1m  TROEC known as The Realm Of Eternal Chaos has just recently been     
busted.  Troec was located in MD and since the raid it's name has been 
changed to Eternal Madness and it supplies all Public Domain software.  
The bbs was busted because of some looser (his identity is still unknown 
to us) called the Microprose BBS and posted a letter saying that Malicious 
Damage and TROEC had their software.  Because of this Microprose somehow 
called over to TROEC and warned the sysop to get it off his BBS.  Later 
however Microprose got some looser's Handle, password and phone number 
and called over to TROEC. After seeing many Microprose games and full 
documentation the BBS was later raided.  Users also had to pay 20 dollars for
an annual fee to get an exemption and more time (to download pirate stuff).  
Users are still upset because they will probably not receive a refund.  







[35;1m                           Some Users are Loozers
[33;1m                                â„z”âáŽ‡k

[34;1m  As some may already know RazorBack was the sysop of a half decent  
elite bbs with no ratios.  About 2 months ago RazorBack for unknown reasons 
took down his bbs and told people he just got tired of running it.  Well 
since then RazorBack hasn't been on the Pirate scene at all and in fact has
hurt it more than anything.  RazorBack has taken it upon himself to rat on 
elite bbs's.  What RazorBack gets out of this I can not determine but one   
thing is certain he is not doing anyone a favor, except the software 
companies.  We suggest that RazorBack if he still is on any bbs's is booted
off immediately.  He is such a loozer that he will hurt any bbs even a PD one.
                            Shame on you RazorBack.











[33;1m                                  D’XX     

[34;1m  Well Daxx has also been blacklisted from many boards.  Now you may be
familiar with his bbs "Elite Sector" well when you logged on to that bbs did
you ever expect your password and alias to be used on another bbs.  Well the
rumor that has been denied is that Daxx used one of his users's password and
alias to get on another bbs and uploaded a virus that killed the computer. 
The explanation is that daxx did this because the bbs was in competition with
his and he wanted all their users.  As I have said this rumor has been denied
but there is sufficient evidence.  Whether this was done intentionally or not 
is also just a rumor as of now.  Sysops should also be prepared for viruses 
and should have a virus checker to check all the uploads.  Had the sysop taken 
those precautions this event would have gone by causing no serious problems.  
Also Daxx has been blacklisted for threatening to turn some pirate boards in.  
Because of that some people have been very pissed at him and this last event 
got him permanently blacklisted on many boards.  Daxx is supposedly a hacker 
and a cracker but these are not known for certain. The next document you will 
see was written by the former sysop of the Paragon BBS. 
          



Black Angel #3 @2
Fri Feb 26 01:36:59 1993

 As all of you know I know longer run a board anymore and don't plan to.. But
 what you don't know is the real reason why I'm not runing one alot of you
 have heard many reasons like I got busted, hacked or because I thought you
 all where lamers well first off I don't know how everyone thinks I got busted
 because I would not even kid about such thing.. I will admit that I posted a
 message saying that all users in maryland where lamers and yes I even gave 
 alot of my users a hard time when I ran a board but I made a mistake like so
 many of us do and if I where to do it all over again I would not have made 
 them but it's a little late for that now... But I want you all to know that
 my board went down because I wanted it to my board was taken down by your
 good buddy DAXX who I gave sysop access to because I thought he was my friend
 and I trusted him.. As many of you know I was in ForceNet at one time and 
 DAXX was the one who kept it going and he also made up all of the net files
 for all the boards anyway I did an arcive on a file called NET898 that was
 uploaded by DAXX after that I could no longer access neather of my drives
 or tape backup.. 

 If it where not for Hammer I would still be without my computer today as part
 of my daily board maint I had my sysop logs backed up to tape every night and
 it was not until my system was fixed did I find out that DAXX uploaded me a
 VIRUS of some kind the file NET898 was u/l'ed by DAXX as it shows in my 
 system logs.. The reason DAXX did this was I found out 2 weeks later was that 
 he told a person that I had a better board file wise because I was getting
 all the newest files as they came out and I was getting better and more post
 coming from my part of the net... As I recall he even posted in a Net sub we
 had set up between our 3 boards that he was being held hostage because of the
 number of post coming from my board... If most of you who have been bbsing 
 for a long time remember how DAXX would take out boards for no reason E-mail
 Eagle and he'll tell you about DAXX most of you might remember a board called
 lazor zone DAXX took him out for no reason and Eagle use to run that board.

 But anyway when I posted the messag about all of you being lamers I did that 
 because I thought one of my users did that stuff to me and got mad at all 
 users instead of taking the time to find out the real bastard who did it to
 me.. I know that DAXX won't have the balls to tell me why he thought it was
 nessary to take me out but that won't be of no suprise to me also I can bet
 that daxx won't have the balls to respond to this so that I can read it I 
 don't have an account on his system so it will have to be through the net and
 if you see this on elite sector it will also suprise me as well.....
 IYou guys may not belive what i'm say here in this post and right now I can't
 offer you any proof because I no longer have my old system logs but sysop's
 that i've talked to from other boards does belive me because they stated that
 DAXX will NEVER get access on their boards and if he has access he'll be 
 deleted.. After all DAXX is the one who is trying to get Hammer to talk to me
 so i'll be his friend again.. Well thats about it you will belive what you
 want and do as you feel you must do but I hope you all will remember 2 things
 and they are (1) I can make mistakes because i'm not perfect..
 (2) I'm really sorry tfor those who got offended by the post about lamers
 because no matter how mad I was I never should have said that to any of you.



                                 


[35;1m                              P’ââ’G™¥ ááS
[34;1m  As you may already know The Paragon BBS is no longer running.  Well of
course after the Rusty & Edie's bust many speculated that Paragon also got
busted.  There were many other rumors spreading as well but the final answer
to the question is that Paragon was in fact [31;1;5m NOT BUSTED. [0m
[34;1mInstead the sysop Black Angel decided he was sick of running a bbs because of
the "lamers".  Well many criticize Black Angel for changing his bbs so much 
and then taking it off but we shouldn't criticize him because we weren't the 
ones running it.  The document above I hope clears up all questions regarding
Paragon BBS.  In the misc. section of this magazine look for our interview
with DAXX because hopefully that interview will also answer many questions.

[36;1m                    ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
[36;1m                    º                                  º
[36;1m                    º             ANARCHY              º
[36;1m                    º                                  º
[36;1m                    ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼




[32;1m                  The SMOKE Bomb

[35;1m        This issues focus will be on the infamous smoke-bomb. The smoke bomb 
while resonably safe should not be created under any circumstances, this file is
for INFORMATION purposes only. To make a smoke bomb as with any project first
you must collect the materials.
Materials:
        Potassium Nitrite
        Sugar
        Match Heads
        91%-100% alchol
Take the potassium nitrite (KNO3 or salt peter) and mix it with the sugar in 
a 1:1 to 6:4 potassium nitrate, the more potassium nitrate the more smoke, 
the faster it burns and the more dangerous to make. If this is your first 
explosive you may even wish to use a 2:1 or even a 3:1 ratio. This will make 
a lot of smoke still and is safer to make. After you have combined the suger 
and KNO3 in a pot cook it on LOW on an electric stove, no gas stoves unless 
you have a death wish, until it is whitish and a little lumpy through in a 
couple of match heads for ignition and wait till it dries. After it dries add 
the alchol (hopefully 97% or better) and stirr it in really good. Put it in 
your container and stick a fuse in it.
Warning: a pound of this stuff will fill a city block!!!

[32;1m                      FUSES

[35;1m        Under many circumstances you will come across the word fuse. Now most 
of you should know what one is, but it is another matter completely to be able 
to make one. Below is extensive directions on how to make a few different 
fuses. Keep in mind that if it suits your purposes a cirgerette cut however 
short will continue to burn. A whole one lasts for about 20 min.







[32;1m         Slow Burning Fuse
        

[35;1m  Materials:
     cotton string or 3 shoelaces
     potassium nitrate or potassium chlorate
     granulated sugar

  Procedure:
    1. wash the cotton string or shoelaces in HOT soapy water, then rinse
       with fresh water.

    2. mix the following together in a glass bowl:
        1 part potassium nitrate or potassium chlorate
        1 part granulated sugar
        2 parts hot water

    3. Soak strings or shoelaces in this solution.

    4. Twist/braid 3 strands together and allow them to dry.

    5. Check burn rate to see how long it actually takes.

 Note: the few inches of this fuse to be inserted into the explosive device
       must be coated with a black-powder paste to ensure its reliability.
       This fuse will burn approx. 2 in. per minute.


[32;1m         Fast Burning Fuse
        
[35;1m
  Materials:
          soft cotton string
          fine black powder
          shallow dish or pan

  Procedure:
         1. moisten powder to form a paste
         2. twist/braid 3 strands of cotton together
         3. rub paste into string and allow to dry
         4. check burn rate
 
Note: This fuse will burn approximately 40 in. per minute.
       
                                                                        
                       How to make POTASSIUM NITRATE for                 
                        use in the smoke bomb and fuses.                
                                                                         
          Materials needed:                                              
           ---> 3.5 gallons of nitrate bearing earth or other material   
           ---> 1/2 cup of wood ashes                                    
           ---> bucket or other similar container about 4 - 5 gallons    
                in volume                                                
           ---> 2 pieces of finely woven cloth, each a bit bigger than   
                the bottom of the bucket                                 
           ---> shallow dish or pan at least as large in diameter as     
                the bucket                                               
           ---> shallow, heat-resistant container                        
           ---> 2 gallons of water                                       
           ---> something to punch holes in the bottom of the bucket     
           ---> 1 gallon of any type of alcohol                          
           ---> heat source                                              
           ---> paper & tape                                             
                                                                         
        Procedure:                                                       
           1. punch holes on the inside bottom of the bucket, so that    
              the metal is "puckerd" outward from the bottom             
           2. spread cloth over holes in bottom                          
           3. place wood ash on cloth; spread it out so that it covers   
              the entire cloth and has about the same thickness          
           4. place 2nd cloth on top of the wood ashes                   
           5. place the dirt or other material in the bucket             
           6. place bucket over shallow container (note: it may need     
              supports on the bottom so the drain holes are not blocked) 
           7. boil water and pour it over the earth very slowly. Do NOT  
              pour it all at once, as this will clog the filter on the   
              bottom                                                     
           8. allow water to run through holes into the shallow dish on  
              the bottom                                                 
           9. be sure water goes through ALL of the earth                
          10. allow water in dish to cool for an hour or so              
          11. carefully drain the liquid in the dish away, and discard   
              the sludge in the bottom                                   
          12. boil this liquid over a fire for at least 2 hours. Small   
              grains of salt will form - scoop these out with the paper  
              as they form                                               
          13. when the liquid has boiled down to 1/2 its origional volume
              let it sit                                                 
          14. after 1/2 hour add equal volume of the alcohol; when this  
              mixture is poured through paper, small white crystals      
              appear. This is the potassium nitrate.                     
                                                                         
                            PURIFICATION                                 
        - redisolve crystals in small ammount of boiling water           
        - remove any crystals that appear                                
        - pour through improvised filter then heat concentrated          
          solution to dryness.                                           
        - spread out crystals and allow to dry                           
                                                                         
Note: Potassium Nitrite can also be bought under the name of Salt Peter in 
most plant stores as a fertilizer if you are to lazy to work out the above.

[32;1m                                Ignition
        
[35;1m        There is much more to a good ignition then a strike of a match and a
simple fuse. If for instance one wanted to set a smoke bomb to go off
a teachers seat at exactly 9:43 you could not do this by lighting an approx. 
fuse. What you can do though is get a bunch of those electric igniters from 
any hobby store. You then find the alarm circiut in a little radio shack 1 
dollar alarm clock. Sorry I can't be more specific about where it is but it
is different with all of them. If you want to find out open up the back of
one and start cutting wires to see which one turns off the alarm. Anyway you 
stick the electronic ignitor into the circuit and attach whatever bomb you 
want to it and set the alarm to whenever you want. As soon as the alarm is 
supposed to go off the battery sends a little current through the alarm 
circuit, but instead of the alarm going off the bomb does. This usually works 
the only problem is that those electric ignitors can not be fully counted on.



