
                                -= K0DE =-
                       -= K0DE Newsletter #0002 =-
                                -= K0DE =-

				 K0NTeNTZ

                       H4QiNG aol.com  -=-  By LSD DooD

                       Ex-pert Carding Tips -=- By TB0R

                              - Gr33TZ t0 -
       TB0R <k0de insider>, Prodigy, alt.sex.fetish.safety-pins,
         Egghead S0phtWaReZ, BL00B0xeR <busted k0de KiD>, LoD


                         -= Hacking aol.com =-
                           -= By LSD DooD =-

    In the past, many people have found ways to get onto the inphormation
superhighway.  Unfortunately a lot of them don't work.  But now, the d00dz
at K0DE bring you a phoolproof way to jack into the net.  aol.com!  You may
have seen those disks that come in the front of computer magazines. Well,
you probably just passed them by and didnt even wonder what they were. Well
do i have some neWs <l4ym3rZ> phor you! Some of those disks are very, very
eleet.   They are secret, encrypted internet disks from aol.com. Now that
you have this vital inph0rmation, you are ready to begin your hacking. First
you need to phind a store that carries computer magazines. This may be very
difficult, but if you are experienced enough, you can probably manage it.
Go to the store and go to the magazine section. All the while, make sure no
one is watching you, as store clerx can spot real elytness a mile away. Now,
look up and down the aisles to make sure no one is looking.   If someone is
watching you, pretend to be reading a magazine such as Guns N' Ammo or TeeN.
This draws attention away from you. If no one is looking, then pick up a
magazine with a disk in it and walk to another section of the store.  The
section with pantyhose in it usually works for me.  Now, again make sure no
one is looking, and carefully open the plastic wrapping around the magazine.
Remove the disk and put it in your pocket.  Take off the plastic wrapping
completely and stuff it somewhere.  Up til now, it has been easy, but this
is where the skill and cunning really come in. You need to look through the
magazine for a part where there is a login and password for the disk. This
is usually attached to the disk.  Find it and remove it also. Now go back to
the magazine section and replace the magazine.  If anyone asks you where the
plastic wrapping went, punch them as hard as you can and run like hell. This
is an early warning sign that the admins (managers) at the store are onto
you.  GET OUT IMMEDIATELY. Now go back home. *Note: You must have a Windows
3.1+ installed on your computer for this hack to work* - Put the disk in the
drive and type A:<enter> at the dos prompt *Important note - The disks are
3.5" disks. if your 3.5" drive is the B Drive, you should type B:<enter>
instead. Also-Do NOT attempt to put a 3.5" disk into a 5.25" disc drive.
This may ruin your chances of success* Now you should have a prompt that
looks like A:\> -OR- B:\> .  Type 'install<enter>' and it will begin the
decryption proccess.  When it is completely decrypted, enter windows. You
will notice an 'America Online' icon. This is a sign that the decryption
was a success.  You now only have one more obstacle to overcome: the login.
Select the 'america online' icon and the modem should dial. When you connect,
you will be asked for a login. There is no reason for alarm yet, this is just
a formality.  Enter the login printed on your piece of paper.   You will then
be asked for your password.  QUICKLY enter the password. If there seems to
be a problem, immediately turn off your computer and leave the house. Do not
return for several days, unless you are very risky.    If everything went
smoothly, you now have FULL iNTeRNeT access. FULL access, multi-user chat
and everything. <Elyt tip: look in a hidden place called 'USENET' for
stuff like sex pictures!!!> It may take the admins at aol.com as long as 10
hours to detect you. You have 10 HOURS of uninterrupted internet usage. Have
fun and DLTLGTO! (Don't Let The Lamers Get This One :-)

                                      -LSD DooD
                           iNET MAiL: trial01b3g274@aol.com


                   -= Expert Carding Tips =-
                         -= By TB0R =-


     Okay, boyz and girlzzZ, here's something I know you'll all
like.  Ever need to buy something, but your a little strapped for
cash? Well, we here at neWs care, so we're going to tell how to
whisk those blues away.  Now what I'm going to tell you about is
carding, also know as credit card fraud.  ATTENTION!@#$! DO NOT
ATTEMPT THIS UNLESS YOU ARE @#$REALLY$#@ ELEET! This  is
**ILLEGAL**!.
     Now then.  First of all, you're going to need to get your
card.  There are many possible ways to do this, such as stealing
things from stores.  That just adds to the list of crimes, so we'll
tell you how to do it with less danger.  First, you need to find
out where your mother/father/sibling keeps their card.  This may
take a little snooping around, but keep at it! Eventually, you'll
find it.  Then, wait a few weeks. You don't want anyone getting
suspicious.  That would be k0de-like.  Now, when you're sure no one
will miss it, take the card!  Slip it into a pocket or other such
carrying device.  Congratulation, you have just completed the first
part of eleet carding!!
     You must then *IMMEDIETLY* go to a store where you want to buy
things.  Remember, do this all quickly, so as to have the card in
your possession for as short a time as possible.  When you are
there, don't hang around any longer than is necessary.  This will
arouse suspicion.  Find whatever you need, and go to the counter.
Remember, the key to pulling this off, is looking legit.  wear a
business suit, wash your hair, comb it.  DON'T take to long, be
quick about it.  You have things to do, people to see, right?  Now,
pulling off the actual buy is hard.  They're going to ask for ID
right? well, we all know how to get by that, right? get some NON-
PICTURE id, is the person is the same sex as you, or a written
note, if they are not.  Then say the person is your parent.  The
handwriting isn't important, so long as it isn't yours.  If they
think you scamming them, just say "Whoops i fergot to get
something ", take the card and item, ditch the item, and leave as"
quickly as possible.  Otherwise, if you get the item, you must
escape.
     Now, the mall cops will be on you as soon as you make the
purchase.  You have to know how to elude them.  The best way is to
go to the food court, and try to lose them there.  If, when you
leave, they're still after you, start weaving in and out of stores.
Do this with fancy stores, like jewelry stores, and crystal stores,
and fancy clothes stores. Remember, time is of the essence!
Eventually, you'll be at an exit.  Start running now.  the cops
will most likely be armed, so you !@#HAVE#@! to be fast!if they're
still after when you leave, head for your car, and GET THE HELL OUT
OF THERE!!!!!
     Now here is an easy part; replacing the stolen card.  You want
this to still be here for later use right?  You have to find
another time when where it is kept is alone, and slip it back in.
This is get rid of any suspicion.
     There you have it, and exclusive neWs release, how to card.
No, please don't abuse this, we don't want the FedzzZ to crack down
of credit card fraud, it is a great way to get stuph.  I myself
have never been caught, so I know this works.


                       -= EDiTOR'Z N0TE =-

    That's it for k0de newsletter #0002. Look for lots of new K0DE
releases coming soon, including utilities and text philes. Call the K0DE
 WHQ - P0W! <PaLaCe 0F WaReZ!> - XXX/FiN.DoUT - 0.540 GiGZ - 9600 BauD