
                        MíRg£ğ TexTs Bringz you:
 
                  Natural Poisons Volume-One Issue-Three
                  ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

        Morgue Texts are in no way responsible for the effects of this
file, nor are we promoting the use of poisons. We also would like to 
stress the fact that we have released this only as a stepping stone in the 
vast road of knowledge. This is simply for learning purposes. If you kill some 
sucker, it's on your hands, not mine. But if you do kill somebody drop me some
mail and tell me about it.
        
                 
                             ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿                             
                             ³JeQuIrItY BeaN³
                             ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
         
        The Jequirity Bean, also called the rosary pea or crab's eye is a vine
which grows in tropical areas, including Florida. This plant produces beautiful
seeds which are popular with the local craftsmen for fashioning necklaces,
rosaries, and similar objects. Behind this innocuous facade, the jequirity bean
hides a sinister secret. It contains a very deadly and difficultto detect
poison. 
        The Beautiful, yet deadly seeds of the jequirity bean are about the
size of a pea, and red and black in color. Their hard coats make them perfect
for making jewelry, And in Pea Shooters (hehe). Their beauty also makes it
very unlikely that anyone would question you for owning a few pounds of these
little jems.
        Beneath the hard coat of the seeds, in the pulp of the seed, is the
poison called abrin. Abrin is an unusual plant poison, because it is a protein,
compared to the most other plant poisons, which are alkaloids. This is a very
important because all the alkaloids can easily be detected and IDENTIFIED.
Formerly excellent poisons suchs as nicotine (Fer All You Smokers) or aconitine
are now useless. Proteins, on the other hand can be very difficult to detect in
the body (kinda like the Needle in the Haystack effect). With all the proteins
in the body, to pick out the one that doesn't belong there is very difficult,
especially if it is not in large quantities.
        The bean has more benefits than just the difficulty to detect. The
symptons come on at least ONE day after eating the bean, and may take as long
as THREE days to begin!
        This is helpful because it makes it pretty difficult for the mark 
(the victim) to figure out why this is happening to him. There are too "good"
extremes for time of action of a poison. Which are quick knockdown or time 
delay effect, the longer the better.
        The symptoms of poisoning by the jequirity bean are not that helpful
in diagnosing the illness. The victim suffers from vomiting, diarrhea, and
finally DEATH! Symptoms like these are in so many illnesses that they are of 
no help.
        The fatal dose of the bean is anywhere from 10-15 for an adult and less
as the decreases When preparing the bean to be served you must remeber to make 
shure the bean has the hard covering taken of completely. There are two reasons
for this. One is that the poison is locked beneath the hard outer coating. The
second reason is that the intestinal contents, stomach contents and vomit and
even the victims shit, are closely examined for clues to the victims death. So
finding hulls of the bean in any of the above mentioned materials would be a
DEAD giveaway to the cause of the persons death.
        Serving the bean is an artform in itself. I know of no books to
recommend on the topic. Maybe I will write a text on it someday. But till then
here are some suggestions. Care must be taken in heating the bean because heat
kills protien. So it is a good bet that the poison will be destroyed. heres a
serving suggestion: mushed up and mixed with mashed potatoes.

                                            Written By:
                                            ğXoDuS

 
       Call The MOrgUE Sites Today!

 Name:              Number:        Sysop:
ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÂÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÂÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
³IoNic DeStruCtioN ³ 215.722.4524 ³ExOdUs           ³
ÃÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÅÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÅÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ´
³GrIdPoiNt         ³ 215.353.0641 ³AnOnYmouS CaLLeR ³
ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÁÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ