                        MíRg£ğ TexTs Bringz you:
 
                  Natural Poisons Volume-One Issue-One
                  ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

        Morgue Texts are in no way responsible for the effects of this
file, nor are we promoting the use of poisons. We also would like to 
stress the fact that we have released this only as a stepping stone in the 
vast road of knowledge. This is simply for learning purposes. If you kill some 
sucker, it's on your hands, not mine. But if you do drop me some mail telling
me about it. hehehehehehehe 

                         ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                         ³RaPeSeeD OiL PoIsOnIng³
                         ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
        In 1981, a mystery disease swept through Spain. The unfortunate 
victims of this bewildering malady seemed to age decades in a matter of days.
Their immune systems turned against their own bodies and chewed what was left 
of them to bits. They became steadily shrinking human skeletons, except for 
their rapidly growing tumors. The nervous system was also a target, resulting 
in loss of control of muscles for the lucky. Those not so fortunate were cast 
into the depths of insanity. In a matter of months, 12,000 people were 
stricken. Most are now dead.
         As one would expect, the best minds and equipment were marshalled to 
find the cause of this mysterious illness, but try as they may, nothing could 
be found. Blood was analyzes and urine was scrutinized, and every available 
orfice was probed, to no avail. Every test came up NEGATIVE. The best minds 
were stumped. 
          Luckily for those noy yet stricken, another group was on the case. 
they were like medical detectives, questioning each victim who could still 
talk, and their relatives. They inquired into every small detail of their 
lives, looking for the common thread which bound them together in misery.
          After several months, they hit the jackpot. It turned out that all
of the victims had been using a "bargain brand" of "olive oil" sold by some 
shady dealers. Little did the victims know that this was not olive oil at all, 
but instead was industrial grade rapeseed oil.      
          The industrial grade rapeseed oil was definitely not meant for 
consumption by any living thing.  It was meant for use as a drying oil in 
paints instead, so it had been processed in a manner similar to boiled linseed
to increase  its polyunsaturated fat content. These polyunsaturates are 
notorious fot thier ability to generate free radicals. In a paint, these free
radicals allow the paint to polymerize and "dry." Inside a living body, these
free radicals react randomly with living tissue, aging it. After enough damage
is done, the immune system no longer recognizes the damaged tissue as belonging
to the body, so it attacks it. In no time at all, the whole organism falls 
apart in a most mysterious manner. Keep that in mind next time some product 
boasts of its polyunsaturated fat content.
          One would think that this industrial garde rapeseed oil would be 
pretty unpalatable. Apparently, that was not the case, as all tose thousands
of erstwhile bargain hunters eagerly chowed down the oil, and came back for more.
From this, one can conclude thats its smell, taste, and apperance were pleasing
to the unfortunate  victims of the "mystery disease." Logic would then dictate
that that it could be incorporated into the diet of almost anyone, so long as
it were mixed with some of the genuine oil it is replacing. For instance, I'm 
shure that Wesson could be cut with rapeseed oil 50-50, without arousing 
suspicion from those partaking in this unhealthy repast.
          Rapeseed oil is a fairly common item in the paint industry. It is one
of a large number of plant oils which which have been used as "drying oils" in 
paint. Other members of this group include linseed oil and tung oil. A good 
paint supply center should be able to get some if they dont have any on hand.
          To the best of my knowledge, the lethal dose of industrial grade
rapeseed oil has not been has not been determined. It is a pretty guess that
the lethal amount would be near a half a cup. Lower amounts can be counted on
to do heavy damage as well. Chemicals which form free radicals work in much the
same way as radioactive materials. There is no safe level of exposure, merely a 
level at which the risk becomes acceptable.......
          
          Hope you enjoyed this little text. If you have anything on poisons or
you want to write for MíRg—ğ drop me or the co-sysop some Email.
                                      
                                           Written By:
                                           ğXoDuS
-=Call MoRgUe Textz WHQ-215.722.4524- SySop^^^^^^=-
           -=IoNiC DesTrucTioN=-