
                        MíRg£ğ TexTs Bringz you:
 
                  Natural Poisons Volume-One Issue-Two
                  ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

        Morgue Texts are in no way responsible for the effects of this
file, nor are we promoting the use of poisons. We also would like to 
stress the fact that we have released this only as a stepping stone in the 
vast road of knowledge. This is simply for learning purposes. If you kill some 
sucker, it's on your hands, not mine. But if you do kill somebody drop me some
mail and tell me about it.
        
                 
                               ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                               ³DiGiTaLiS³
                               ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
				
        Most of us are familiar with Digitlis, the life saving heart drug taken
by millons pf people around the world. Many of us have also seen its use in
movies and TV as a means of "untraceable assassination" used by hit men, etc.,
to cause mysterious heart attacks.
        Like most of what one receives from the popular media, this is Bull
Shit. While it is true that an overdose of digitalis will cause what at first
glance appears to be a heart attack, it is by no means untraceable. In truth,
Digitalis is rather easily detected in the human body. It is far from
mysterious, or even clever. A wide variety of methods have been devised to
detect digitalis and all of the so called "cardiac glycosides."
        There is, however, one exception to this general rule which groups
Digitalis with the "Bad Poisons." That is if the mark is already taking 
Digitalis by prescription. It certainly is ironic that taking digitalis makes
one vulnerable to poisoning, both accidental and otherwise from it. A good
doctor will closely monitor the blood level of digitalis in the bodies of his
patients, precisely because sudden shifts in body chemistry can cause blood
levels of Digitalis to rise to lethal point without changing the dose involved.
        The lethal level of digitalis is about 3 or 4 times higher than the
amount used to improve heart function, so there is not a large safety zone
in which the blood levels of Digitalis can move. For this reason, it is next to
impossible for a coroner to say, just on basis of blood levels, whether the
dear departed was the victim of malice or unfortunate swings in metabolism.
        This is not to say that other factors might not tip him off. For
example, if the remains of couple Foxglove plants (the source of Digitalis)
are found in the stomach of the mark, doubt may arise whether or not he
knowingly or willingly ate them.
        Foxglove, a fairly common ornamental plant, is the natural source of
Digitalis. It is found in the leaves, seeds, and flowers of the plant. The
Digitalis can be extracted from the plant by blenderizing the plant parts 
containing the Digitalis until they are powdered, and then soaking the powder
in vodka (100 proof will do, but 190 proof is better), filtering the resulting
brew, and allowing the alcohol to evaporate. The residue contains Digitalis.
A much better job can be done using an Iso-II hash oil extractor. I always 
used to see them advertised in High Times, But I haven't seen an ad lately.
Perhaps one could be found at a garage sale. Like the gas generator, the
Iso-II is one piece of equipment that no home is complete without.
        The extract so obtained will contain a mixture of Digitalis glycosides,
mainly digitoxin, gitoxin, and digoxin. Modern medicines do not usually contain
a mixture of ingredients. For this reason, prescription medicine matching that
of the victim is employed by successful poisoners......... 

         Hope you enjoyed this one don't worry more are on the way. If you got
anything on poison I can use, Upload it NOW. Or if you want to write for MíRg—ğ
drop me some Email.                  
                                            Written By:
                                            ğXoDuS  
-=Call MoRgUe Textz WHQ-215.722.4524- SySop:^^^^^^=-
          -=IoNic DesTrucTioN=-