
                 Outdoor Editor Says NRA Easy Target For Media

        Media cliches find the NRA an easy target, noted Rich Landers, 
     outdoors editor of the Spokane, WA, Spokesman-Reviews in a Nov. 24 
     column.

        "The National Rifle Association is the nation's favorite 
     stereotype," Landers said.  "Political cartoonists like to picture 
     the NRA as 'Bubba,' the burly goon with a gun.  National reporters 
     approach virtually every gun-related story assuming the NRA is the 
     villian.
        "But the public deserves more than the cliches the media seem to 
     relish.
        "For example, a Washington Post wire story, published in this and 
     numerous other papers, reported that the NRA had supported certain 
     candidates in the Nov. 3 elections.  The story said that the so-
     called 'gun lobby' gave $1.8 million to political candidates. 
        "The story is objective and factual.  But it's ludicrous when you 
     consider what stories did not run in newspapers across the country.

                                  Real Estate

        "Here's some perspective.
        "In the 1988 elections (complete figures aren't available yet for 
     1992), the national associations representing real estate agents 
     spent $3 million to lead the nation in contributions to candidates, 
     according to the Federal Elections Commission.
        "The NRA was No. 32 on the list, with contributions totalling 
     $772,000.
        "The real estate lobby spent another $5.9 million for political 
     purposes not directly connected to candidates.
        "Yet, when was the last time you saw a national story about the 
     'real estate lobby' and its influence in land-use decisions that 
     affect everything from homeless people to wildlife habitat?"
        Landers added, "Extremists are delighted that the media are 
     gullible for cliches.
        "Consider the letter that appeared in Sunday's sport section from 
     Chris Bowers of Liberty Lake.  (His name should be familiar because 
     he and his housemate, Kerry Masters, average nearly a letter a week 
     devoted to trashing hunters, medical researchers and all meat 
     eaters.)

                                    Cliches

     "Bowers launched into a litany of anti-NRA cliches, virtually every 
     one of which is either a lie or a sensational misrepresentation.
        "For example:
        "--Bowers said the NRA defends the sale of cop-killer bullets.
        "Fact: In the early '80's, the NRA opposed legislation that would 
     have banned the use of teflon-coated bullets, which can pierce 
     through bullet-proof vests.  But the ambiguous legislation also would 
     have outlawed about 85% of the bullets commonly used for deer 
     hunting.
        "In 1983, the NRA, working with law enforcement groups, supported 
     a bill that zeroed in on the issue by prohibiting the sale of teflon-
     coated bullets to the public while allowing them to be used by law 
     officers.
        "Nowadays, they're called 'cop-saver' bullets.

                                  Plastic Guns
     
        "--Bowers said the NRA defends the possession of plastic handguns 
     that don't trigger metal detectors. 
        "Fact: The so-called plastic gun issue came up several years ago 
     after Glock, an Austrian gun manufacturer, introduced a handgun that 
     incorporated plastic in its metal construction.  The media dubbed it 
     the terrorist's gun of choice, claiming it could not be detected in 
     airline security systems.
        "The gun, however, has plenty of metal to be detected.
        "The NRA opposed legislation to ban the Glock, but supported 
     legislation that specifically prohibits the sale of firearms capable 
     of evading airport security systems.

                                  Armed Felons
        "--Bowers said the NRA fought to allow convicted felons to apply 
     to the government to rearm themselves.
        "Fact: On May 5, 1992, the NRA testified before a U.S. Senate 
     subcommittee that it supported laws that deny restoration of firearms 
     rights to felons, especially in cases where guns are used in crimes 
     involving drugs or violence.
        "However, the NRA suggested that the law provide some avenue to 
     review applications, considering that the definition of a felon 
     differs from state to state.
        "--Bowers said the NRA promotes contest killing of wildlife, such 
     as prairie dog shoots.
        "Fact: Wilflife biologists have promoted the shooting of prairie 
     dogs in some areas to help control the growth of prairie dog towns 
     without wiping them out.
        "Previously, pairie dogs were controlled with non-discriminating 
     poisons that killed everything from ravens and eaglkes to snakes and 
     ferrets."

     --------------------------------------------------------------------

     The preceeding was transcribed from The New GUN WEEK for Friday, 
     February 19, 1993, page 7, in accordance with GW's standard reprint 
     permission clause.  
     
     All contents Copyright (c) 1993 by Second Amendment Foundation, 
     Buffalo, NY 14209.  SAF is a non-profit, tax-exempt, educational, 
     literary research and publishing organization. 
     
     For Gun Week subscription information, contact: 
     
        Gun Week
        P.O. Box 488, Station C
        Buffalo, NY   14209 
     
     Transcriber:  Lee Knoper / Tucson, AZ
