                                Combat Arms
                              2869 Grove Way
                   Castro Valley, California 94546-6709
                         Telephone (415) 538-6544
                         BBS Phone: (415) 537-1777


                          COLT DETECTIVE SPECIAL
                         Description of Operation


1.   Pulling the trigger in double action mode

     a.   The rearward pull of the trigger causes the trigger to pivot
          about a stud raising the rear bevel of the trigger. The hand is
          attached to the trigger's rear area and raises with the trigger.
     b.   The rising hand presses against the forward underside of the
          rebound lever and causes it to begin to rise also.
     c.   The right middle side of the rebound lever (tang) raises the rear
          of the bolt and the front of the bolt begins to lower as its
          pivots around its bolt screw attached to the right side of the
          frame.
     d.   The top middle portion of the rebound lever presses against the
          lower spring leaf. This starts compressing the spring.
     e.   The back of the trigger pushes upwards on the strut (Colt's name
          for the sear), which causes the hammer to pivot rearward.
     f.   The rearward motion of the hammer pulls down the upper spring
          leaf. The upper spring leaf is attached to the hammer's stirrup.
     g.   The safety lever (Colt's name for the hammer block) is pulled
          downward by the articulating connecting link to the rear of the
          trigger. This causes the safety lever to clear the firing pin
          hole in the frame in front of the hammer.
     h.   When the hammer has traveled about half way back, the rear of the
          bolt slips off the tang of the rebound lever, raising the front
          end of the bolt and locking the cylinder.

2.   The trigger bevel clears the sear.

     a.   The upper spring leaf pulls upwards on the hammer's stirrup,
          pivoting the hammer forward.
     b.   The firing pin attached to the front of the hammer clears the
          firing pin hole in the frame and strikes the primer, discharging
          the cartridge.
