                                Combat Arms
                              2869 Grove Way
                   Castro Valley, California 94546-6709
                         Telephone (415) 538-6544
                         BBS Phone: (415) 537-1777


                    ษอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
                    บ                                 บ
                    บ COLT REVOLVER MAINTENANCE NOTES บ
                    บ                                 บ
                    ศอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ


1.   Disassembly of the revolver.
     a.   Remove the stocks the same way as on the Smith & Wesson.
     b.   Remove the yoke screw, spring and plunger.
     c.   Remove the cylinder and yoke assembly.
     d.   Remove the sideplate screws.
     e.   Pry off the sideplate (Colt revolvers only; don't do this to a
          S&W).
     f.   Remove the mainspring.
     g.   Remove the hand.
     h.   Remove the rebound pin and rebound lever.
     i.   Remove the hammer.
     j.   Remove the trigger,connecting linkage and hammer block as one
          unit.
     k.   Remove the cylinder pin latch.
     l.   Release the bolt spring. Colt calls the cylinder stop the "bolt."
     m.   Remove the bolt screw and bolt.

2.   Correcting slip by of the cylinder.
     a.   Remove metal from the top of the flat part of the bolt behind the
          bolt ball that fits into the cylinder notches.
     b.   This causes the tail(rear end) of the bolt to be positioned lower
          in the weapon.
     c.   Now the rebound lever needs to be bent upwards, slightly
          straightening it.
     d.   Unfortunately, this causes the hand to move higher and the top of
          the hand will need filing.

3.   The bolt stop (ball) should flip up about ฌinch before the cylinder
     notch rolls into position.
     a.   Bending the bolt to the right is done for making the timing
          happen earlier.

4.   On Smith & Wesson revolvers, it is the thickness of the hand that is
     critical. On Colt's, it is the length of the hand. Peen to lengthen.

5.   As the hand comes up, it presses against the star/ratchet and starts 
     cylinder rotation. The next ratchet on the cylinder sets the hand.

6.   If the cylinder is not aligned, the hand needs stretching (peening). 
     Peen near the bottom of the hand with a cross peen hammer.

7.   Remember that if you peen the hand, it not only stretches it but
     widens it as well.

8.   A hex wrench (found on some Colt barrel bushing wrenches) is used in
     the initial disassembly of the cylinder. You put the wrench over the
     ratchet. Note that the ratchet is right hand threaded. Remove the
     ratchet first.

9.   A special tool is used to remove the bushing on the yoke. I suggest
     that you not work on the cylinder but send it to Bob Dunlop at Pacific
     International Service Company in Janesville, California for repair.

10.  All Colts need lots of internal oiling. The strut must be oiled.

11.  Double action job.
     a.   Polish the tang and cam action with crocus.
     b.   Polish the underneath side of the rebound lever where it rides
          over the hand.
     c.   Polish the front of the hand.
     d.   Remove the strut and polish the inside of the strut and lower
          tip. Also polish the front of the strut.
