                                Combat Arms
                              2869 Grove Way
                   Castro Valley, California 94546-6709
                         Telephone (415) 538-6544
                         BBS Phone: (415) 537-1777


              How to Get an M1 Garand Through the DCM Program


     The following material is based on my experience and knowledge of the
Department of Civilian Marksmanship (DCM) program, articles in The American
Rifleman and the obtaining of a genuine U.S. military M1 Garand directly
from the U.S. Army for just $165.00.

Qualifications
1.   You must be a U.S. citizen.
2.   You must be 18 years of age or older.
3.   You must be a member in good standing in a DCM-enrolled club or state
     association. Around here I suggest joining the Chabot Gun Club or the
     California Rifle & Pistol Club.
4.   You must have participated in highpower rifle competition and fired at
     least 120 rounds in not less than two (2) approved matches.

What to do about shooting in the matches
1.   Join the Chabot Gun Club if not already a member. The dues are $50.00
for the first year and are prorated if you join at sometime other than
January 1st. The subsequent years are substantially less expensive.
Telephone Chabot Gun Club at 415-569-0213 for details on joining.

2.   Next, call Ron Levesque (415-547-8656). He runs the DCM shooting
program in this area. Ask Mr. Levesque (pronounced luh-veck) when the next
DCM match will be and make a reservation over the phone with him to shot in
that match. It is usually the 4th Sunday of the month.

3.   The match is held at the Chabot Gun Club in Anthony Chabot Regional
Park on Redwood Road in Castro Valley. We have a map if you need directions
to the range.

4.   Smart folks either have their spouse/roommate pack them a bag lunch or
they bring enough money to buy something at the concession stand.
Concession stand food is mediocre the world over, so think about packing a
lunch. You'll be there until about noon if you are in string one or two and
until about 3:00 p.m. if you are in string #3 or string #4 and hunger pains
make shooting tough!

5.   At about 7:45 AM on the day of the match, show up at the 200 yard
range with a "highpowered" rifle. What's a highpowered rifle, you ask?
Well, it's one that fires a centerfire cartridge, such as .222, .223, 7mm,
even .30 M1 Carbine, .308, .30-`06, etc. The rifle may be a bolt action
model or semiautomatic. If it is semiautomatic, bring a couple of
magazines. The weapon must be capable of holding 5 rounds with none in the
chamber.

6.   In the first of the four shooting events in the match, you will be
required to shoot 22 rounds slow fire from the standing position with no
sling. The first two rounds are the sighting in rounds and may be fired
from any position. You have 22 minutes (1 minute per round) to fire the 22
rounds. The targets are always at 200 yards. I suggest you get you weapon
sighted in at Livermore-Pleasanton Rod & Gun Club because they have a 200
yard target. Practice shooting from an unsupported position. That means you
can use a sling but no sandbag! Also, no scope is permitted on the weapon.
If your weapon is magazine fed, you load an empty magazine and manually put
one round in the chamber of the weapon (or position the round through the
ejection port and sit it in the magazine), close the bolt and discharge the
cartridge. This manual loading procedure seems to me to be geared towards
equalizing an advantage over the bolt action weapons. Yes, it is a pain in
the neck, but those are the rules and even the pros follow them and many of
those shooters are using M1A's, etc.

7.   After every shot, the target will be pulled down and marked. The value
of the shot will be indicated to you by the position of an orange disk set
on the perimeter of the target. See the illustration below. For example, if
the orange disk appears in the upper right corner of the target, your shot
went somewhere in the 7 ring. When the target comes up, look for the
position of the orange disk (for the value) and a white (if shot was in the
black area) or black (if shot was outside the black area) disk to tell you
the position of the shot. In our example of the 7 ring shot, you would be
looking for a white disk somewhere outside the black target to tell you
where you hit in the seven ring. If the orange disk is at the M position
(12 o'clock) your shot was outside the 5 ring and worth zero points. Each
shot for the record (which excludes the two sighting shots) is worth 10
points. Therefore the highest possible score is 20 shots x 10 points = 200
points. After all 22 rounds are fired (and remember that the first two were
sighting shots and worth no point value in your actual score), you prepare
for the sitting position.

                         ⁄ƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒø
                         ≥6         M         7≥
                         ≥                     ≥
                         ≥      €€€€€€€€       ≥
                         ≥      €Target€       ≥
                         ≥5     €€Area€€      8≥
                         ≥      €€€€€€€€       ≥
                         ≥      €€€€€€€€       ≥
                         ≥                     ≥
                         ≥X        10         9≥
                         ¿ƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒƒŸ

8.   In the second of the four shooting events, you will fire 10 rounds
rapid fire from the sitting position plus two sighting shots. You may use a
sling. Each time the sighting shots are fired, the target is lowered and
the shots recorded and marked with the orange disk and the white or black
disk. After finishing the two sighting shots the targets are all lowered.
You will be told to load two rounds in one magazine and eight rounds in
another magazine. At Mr. Levesque's command, you will stand, load and, when
all of the target are raised simultaneously, drop to a sitting position
immediately and fire 10 rounds from the sitting position in 60 seconds. You
have a lot of time, so use it. Nothing is dumber than to finish this event
in 20 or 25 seconds. Use all the time and make every shot an aimed shot! At
the conclusion of the sitting shots, the targets will be lowered, scored
and marked and then raised. When they reappear, you'll see 10 (assuming
that each of your 10 shots hit the target) little black and/or white disks
in the places where you hit plus a green slender chalkboard that has
written on it the number of X's, 10's, 9's, 8's, 7's, 6's and 5's you got.
You cannot see the values on the chalkboard or the little marking disks
very well without a spotting scope or binoculars.

9.   The third event requires that you fire 10 rounds rapid fire from the
prone position in 70 seconds. You are permitted to use a sling. First, of
course, you have two sighting shots. The target will be lowered after each
sighting shot, recorded and raised. Then, just like in the sitting event,
all targets are lowered. You will then be told to load one magazine with
two rounds and another magazine with eight rounds. When all the targets are
raised simultaneously, you have 70 seconds to complete the 10 shots. The
targets are lowered and the shots scored and recorded as was done in step
7. You now prepare yourself for the last shooting event.

10.  In the fourth and final event, you will fire 10 rounds (with two
sighting rounds first) slow fire from the prone position (use of a sling is
permitted). From the time you are told to commence firing, you have 12
minutes to fire the two sighting shots plus the 10 record shots. Like in
the standing slow fire event, the weapon must have an empty magazine in it
and one round at a time is loaded and fired. After each shot the target is
lowered, the score recorded and the target raised.

11.  You have now fired 50 rounds for points (for a maximum possible score
of 500 points) plus eight sighting shots for a total of 58 rounds. Bring
about 75 rounds with you. The concrete floor is hard, so it's a good idea
to also bring a mat or blanket to lay on. If you already have a shooting
jacket, bring it also but don't go buy one especially for this event.

12.  The hardest part for me was understanding the method they use to
indicate to you where you hit the target. So, when you call Mr. Levesque to
make your appointment for the match, tell him you want to fire in string #2
or #4. This means you will get to pull and score the targets before
shooting and that will make understanding the targets much easier. It helps
tremendously if you bring a spotting scope or binoculars.

13.  The first thing that happens when you arrive is that you get in line
and sign up and pay the fee ($8.00). At 9:00 a.m., string #1 of the match
is held for the serious guys and gals. About 10:15 a.m. they will be
finished and then string #2 (who pulled and scored targets for string #1)
gets to shoot at about 10:30 a.m. When you sign up you'll be told which
string you'll fire in if you did not make a reservation by phone with Mr.
Levesque. Some shooters in strings #3 and #4 then leave after signing up at
8:00 a.m. and later return. Since nothing ever goes smoothly in this world
and things change, I suggest that you stick around. The first time you go
to this match, watch the pros shoot and see how they do it. It'll help you
when it's your turn. When string #2 is finished, string #3 begins shooting
at about noon while string #4 pulls and scores targets. Then string #4
shoots and string #3 pulls and scores targets for them. The last of the
shooting for string #4 occurs about 2:45 p.m.

14.  Let's say you are in the second group to shoot (string #2), so you'll
be pulling targets first. You will go down to the trench at the 200 yard
line and mark the shooter's target as he/she shoots. Do a fair and helpful
job because that person shooting will be the one who marks your target when
you get to shoot! By the way, if a shot hits the dividing line between two
values (e.g., the 8 ring and the 9 ring), the shooter is awarded the higher
value.

15.  After the shooter is finished, you calculate his/her score and go back
up to the firing line, where you ready yourself for your shooting period.

16.  Now you shoot. It is noteworthy that your score does not matter for
the purposes of getting the M1 Garand. What matters is that you
participated in the match. So don't get all embarrassed. It's tough to
shoot offhand and you should practice if you want your score to be higher.

17.  After you have completed your shooting and target pulling sessions,
you leave and head for home.

The paper work and time required
1.   Sooner or later you will receive a copy of the official score results
in the mail. Don't lose this because you must send it in to Washington to
verify that you actually participated in the DCM approved match. The
current rules require that you fire 120 rounds in approved matches. You
just did 50 of them. Now you keep the score report for that 50 and need
only 70 more rounds. That actually means that you have to participate in a
total of three matches for 150 rounds to qualify to buy the rifle. So, go
to two more matches and get two more score reports.

2.   Now gather together photocopies of the following items.
     a.   Proof of age and U.S. citizenship. Acceptable items of proof are
          any one of the following documents:
          1.   A copy of your birth certificate.
          2.   A copy of your DD214.
          3.   A copy of your voter registration card.
          4.   A copy of the i.d. section of your U.S. issued passport.
          5.   Proof of U.S. naturalization.
     b.   Proof of participation in the DCM match.
          1.   Send a photocopy of the bulletins you received showing your
               score. Do not send the original, in case things go astray
               and you have to re-submit your paperwork. Remember that you
               need score reports from three matches.
          2.   Also acceptable for proof of highpower rifle marksmanship
               activity are any one of the following instead of item 2b1:
               i.   A highpower rifle classification card issued by the
                    NRA.
               ii.  A certificate of completion of Small Arms Firing School
                    for Rifle.
               iii. Proof of Distinguished Rifleman status.
               iv.  Certified instructor cards for rifle (silhouette is not
                    acceptable).
          3.   Please note that military qualification records, hunter
               safety cards, Federal Firearms Licenses, etc. are not
               acceptable.
     c.   Proof of current membership in a DCM enrolled club that is in
          good standing or in a state rifle association.
          1.   This is a copy of your current Chabot Gun Club membership
               card, etc. Out of date membership is invalid.

3.   Write a letter requesting the purchase of a DCM M1 Garand to:
               Director of Civilian Marksmanship
               Department of the Army
               20 Massachusetts Avenue, N. W.
               Pulaski Building - Room 1205
               Washington, DC 20314-0100
     Enclose the photocopies detailed in item #2 above. The current
Director is Colonel M.S. Gilchrist.

4.   Now the waiting begins. When the DCM gets your letter and photocopies,
they'll review the documentation for correctness and, if you have sent all
the required material, the DCM will mail you a "Purchase Firearm Packet" to
complete. They normally ship that to you within a week of receiving your
initial letter. The package includes a statement of intended use,
fingerprint cards, and a request for disclosure of prior purchases under
the program. You can only get one (1) M1 Garand under this program in your
lifetime! If you have already purchased an M1 rifle from the Army, you may
not purchase another. You must also certify that the purchase is for
personal use and not for resale or other disposition.

5.   Go to your local police or sheriff office and get fingerprinted using
the fingerprint cards that the DCM mailed you in the Purchase Firearm
Packet. No other fingerprint card is acceptable. The law enforcement agency
charges a fee for this, usually around $10.00.

6.   Mail all of the completed forms and fingerprint cards back to the DCM
office. Also enclose a self addressed stamped postcard. DCM will complete
the postcard and send it to you, thereby letting you know they received the
package. When the DCM office has made a determination hat all forms are
correctly prepared, they will send the fingerprint cards and DD Form 1518
(Background Investigation) to the National Agency Check and Investigative
Center (NACIC) for a background check. This process with NACIC can take up
to six months because it is low priority, not because you're a bad guy!
When the DCM finally hears from NACIC that you are cleared, then the DCM,
within about two weeks of receiving the NACIC clearance, sends an "approval
of purchase request data" to Rock Island Arsenal in Illinois. This is the
government Rock Island Arsenal, not the commercial one. Rock Island will
check their records to ascertain that you haven't already gotten an M1
Garand through the program and will then mail you an invoice for $165.00
and the necessary instructions. Do not send money until you are requested
to do so! From the time DCM sends the form to Rock Island Arsenal until you
get the invoice from Rock Island is about two months.

7.   When you finally get the invoice for $165.00 from Rock Island Arsenal,
follow their instructions to the letter! When Rock Island receives your
check they will, within about a two month period, send shipping
instructions to Anniston Army Depot in Anniston, Alabama.

8.   Once Anniston Army Depot gets the approval from Rock Island Arsenal to
ship, Anniston will process the order and ship you an M1 Garand via U.S.
Mail (not UPS - this is the U.S. Army doing the shipping and they use the
U.S. Post Office).

9.   From the time you shoot at the last of the three DCM matches until the
postman delivers your M1 Garand typically takes 11 to 14 months, so don't
get antsy and start bothering DCM. It's a waste of your time and theirs
too.

10.  Your total expenditure (assuming you are not already a member of
Chabot Gun Club) will be $50.00 for Chabot Gun Club, $8.00 for the shooting
match sign up fee times three matches for $24.00, $10.00 for fingerprints,
about $1.00 in postage, and $165.00 for the M1 Garand for a total cost of
$250.00 plus the ammunition you fired plus the cost of the cleaning for
those three matches. If you came into my shop and ordered an M1 Garand, I
could get new one in about 10 days and it would cost about $750.00. A used
one, when I have it, goes for $399.95. So if you have more time than money,
go the DCM route. If you have more money than time, ask me to order an M1
Garand for you.

11.  Now that you are going to get one, what is an M1 Garand? It is a 9.5
pound, wooden stocked, semiautomatic, gas operated, shoulder fired rifle
that shoots a .30-`06 cartridge from an 8 round clip. It was developed in
the late 1930s, designed by John Garand and used in WWII and Korea by U.S.
forces. The basic design was later modified and became the M-14 in .308
with a 20 round magazine. No, you can't easily covert an M1 to an M-14. The
M1 Garand is still used by third world countries. The rifle is used by some
shooters in the National Matches at Camp Perry in Ohio and is capable of
accurately shooting 1,000 yard targets. Commercially, the M1 Garand is made
today by Springfield Armory Inc. in Geneseo, Illinois. Match grade versions
of the M1 Garand are available. If you decide to order one, please come by
the shop or call in using your MasterCard or Visa credit card.

Conclusion
     I hope that this information regarding the details of the DCM M1
Garand program proves helpful to you. I would appreciate it if you would
please let me know the date you shot in the last of the three required DCM
matches, the date you initially sent you first paperwork to the DCM office
in Washington and the date you finally received the M1 Garand. Please try
to participate in the matches whether you want a DCM rifle or not. They are
a lot of fun and a great challenge. You will also meet some fascinating
people and your marksmanship will improve a lot. If I can help in any way,
please let me know.


Richard M. Bash
January, 1989


X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X

 Another file downloaded from:                               NIRVANAnet(tm)

 & the Temple of the Screaming Electron   Jeff Hunter          510-935-5845
 The Salted Slug                          Strange              408-454-9368
 Burn This Flag                           Zardoz               408-363-9766
 realitycheck                             Poindexter Fortran   510-527-1662
 Lies Unlimited                           Mick Freen           415-583-4102
 Tomorrow's 0rder of Magnitude            Finger_Man           415-961-9315
 My Dog Bit Jesus                         Suzanne D'Fault      510-658-8078
 New Dork Sublime                         Demented Pimiento    415-566-0126

   Specializing in conversations, obscure information, high explosives,
        arcane knowledge, political extremism, diverse sexuality,
       insane speculation, and wild rumours. ALL-TEXT BBS SYSTEMS.

  Full access for first-time callers.  We don't want to know who you are,
   where you live, or what your phone number is. We are not Big Brother.

                          "Raw Data for Raw Nerves"

X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
