 
 
 
Ok well you want a HIGH POWERED potatoe (little Dan Quayle for you) gun  
right! Of course you do otherwise you wouldnt have d/l'ed this file. Well 
this spud gun works awesome sending a potatoe up to or around 200 yards! 
I have several of these myself. If you get good at these you can learn how  
to modify them for different calibers, how about a cement filled beer can! 
But anyways here's what you need: 
 
        óA piece of sewer pipe 1' by 4" with ™" walls 
        óOne screw on end cap for above pipe 
        óOne adapter to screw onto the sewer pipe, should make it so 
         you can screw a 1Æ" pipe into it 
        óAnother piece of sewer pipe 4' by 1Æ" with ™" walls 
        óSpark plug (automotive works good enough)  
        óRip out the sparker from a BBQ and plug it into the spark plug 
        óOr you can get one of those cool electric lighters that are used 
         for lighting gas stoves 
        óDowel-Æ" to 3/4" in diameter no longer than 3' 
        óStarting fluid- get it at an auto store-must be aerosol type 
 
Ok got all that shit? Good. now put together all the pipe, it should look   
like this kind of: 
                    2 
           ê°°°°°°°°°°°°°Ø4                               1 
          3ß             ä°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°° 
           ß             ê°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°° 
           ä°°°°°°°°°°°°°¨ 
 
 
 
Good now you have the firing chamber and the barrel. Next is a list of  
what the numbers mean: 
 
 1.) This is the end of the barrel, sharpen it a little like a hypadermic 
needle, that is so the potatoe is easier to shove in. 
 2.) Drill a hole around here and thread it so you can screw the spark plug  
in. then you will want to mount the BBQ starter somewhere on the outside in 
a good position to be a trigger, make sure this thing works, otherwise your 
going to blame me on not being able to hit your anoying little brother with 
a flying potatoe. 
 3.) This is the screw-on end cap, make sure it's not too tight otherwise you 
wont be able to fire this baby. 
 4.) This is the adapter, 4"to 1Æ" pipe 
 
Ok hopefully you have gotten this far, now make sure the firing mech. works, 
just click it a couple times and watch for a spark. 
 
Now a field test, go out somewhere so that you have lots of open space to  
yourself and bring a potatoe (or a few) the starter fluid and the dowel. 
 
1.) Shove ONLY 1 potatoe into the end of the barrel, then push it all the 
    way back with the dowel. BUT MAKE SURE YOU DONT PUSH IT INTO THE FIRING 
    CHAMBER! 
2.) Open up the firing chamber and spray the TINIEST amount of starter fluid 
    into it, just a little spray. Trust me on this, if you do too much  
    you have just built a suicide pipe bomb. 
3.) Screw the end cap back on and pray, then push the trigger, the starter  
    fluid should explode sending out the potatoe at a HIGH velocity. 
 
Now if you didnt blow your self up it's time to modify! Thats right, modify! 
Here are a couple of pointers. 
 
1.) Experiment with different amounts of starter fluid to get the right  
    amount, in other words, more bang for your buck. 
2.) Try out different size pipes, I have a small hand gun model that's great  
    for hitting live things i.e. cats, dogs, deer and it's not as powerful 
    as the BIG gun. 
3.) Try to make them bigger, I mean you should always have a shoulder mounted 
    howitzer model. 
4.) If you are really daring, seal the screw-on cap into it and mount a  
    needle valve and propane tank onto the end, so all you have to do is load  
    a potatoe and open the valve a TEENCY WEENCY BIT, it saves time, I use 
    it for my howitzer one. 
 
Well thats about it, I encourage you to build this and shootit as much as  
you can, and even hit living things, also if you get hurt, just remember this,  
I told you how much starter fluid to use so dont get carried away, but other  
than that EVERY BODY NEEDS A SPUD GUN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
 
                        Written by Policeman  
                               A.K.A 
                              Feyd R. 
 
 
 
