 
                         The Ultimate Flame Thrower. 
 
                                 By: Chimera 
 
                          For: C-Shift Phoenix bbs! 
                                 319-345-2682 
                              24-7 days a Week! 
                        300_1200_2400_9600_19200 Baud! 
 
Ok Dudes, 
This is my first attempt at an anarchy file, so please bear with me. 
This AWESOME weapon was developed on an extremely boring night at work by 
two inspired and very creative individuals.  This text file is dedicated to 
their memories. 
 
List of Materials needed: 
 
    A. 1-2.5 gallon water pressure fire extinguisher. 
    B. 2 gallons of Isopropyl Alochol 
    C. 1 Air compressor or access to an air compressor (local gas station) 
    D. 1 Propane torch or lighter. (hand held type) 
    E. 2 Hose clamps 
 
Ok, have you got it figured out yet?  no?  ok, read up! 
 
First off is get all your materials together.  Everything is pretty easy to 
get ahold of.  Try your local drug and hardware stores for the alcohol and 
hose clamps.  And try your local fire extinguisher sales and service store 
to find a used fire extinguisher.  Make sure it is the right kind! 
 
Now, lets get to work. 
Let all the pressure out of the fire extinguisher before you start. 
Open up the top of the tank and turn it upside down to empty the 
remaining water out of it.  Let it dry out. 
Now, take the hose of fire extinguisher and use the hose clamps to 
mount the propane torch to the end of it.  Let the propane torch hang 
out about 2 inches past the end of the nozzle.  You don't want this right 
on the end of the hose or it may cause the flame to travel up the hose. 
This may cause you a serious problem, BOOM!.  You now have the igniter 
attached to your flame thrower. 
 
Now that you have the torch securely attached to the hose, test it out and 
see if it works ok.  The flame should cross the path of the nozzle about 
2 inches from the end. 
 
Ok. dude, the hard part is over.  Now take your 2 gallons of alcohol and 
fill the tank.  Don't fill the tank more than half full or you will not 
get enough compressed air into the tank.  Re-install the the hose to the 
tanks and make sure it fits tight.  Leaks can be dangerous! 
 
You're almost there, dude.  Take the tank and fill it with compressed air 
from your air compressor or the air compressor at you local gas station. 
About 40-50 pounds of air should do, check the maximum pressure rating for 
your extinguisher before you start filling it. 
 
Now, find a fairly isolated area to use this thing, because it will 
DEFINITELY attract attention.  Oh, and adult supervision is advised. 
Hold the igniter away from you or anybody else that wishes to see their 
next birthday and light the propane torch.  All you have to do now is aim 
the nozzle where you want it to go and squeeze the trigger on the fire 
extinguisher.  A 40-50 foot long, 6-8 foot wide flame will shoot from your 
newest toy! 
 
This baby works great!  I know, I have seen it in use.  It puts out one hell 
of a flame ball and generates some intense heat.  It will definitely burn 
trees, cars, houses, schools, nosey neighbours, barking dogs, ect..... 
 
I would suggest you shut the igniter flame off first, then let off on the 
trigger of the fire extinguisher.  This will keep the flame from trying to 
travel up the end of the hose and into the tank.  Remember: SAFETY FIRST! 
 
NOTE: I'm not too sure about the legality of this toy, so I wouldn't 
recommend you show it to your local police force. 
Have fun! 
 
Later daze, 
Chimera 
 
C-Shift Phoenix BBS   319-345-2261 
July 1988 
 
 
 
