                                Combat Arms
                              2869 Grove Way
                   Castro Valley, California 94546-6709
                         Telephone (415) 538-6544


          ษอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
          บ                                                     บ
          บ  Disassembly and Re-assembly of the Uzi 9mm/.45ACP  บ
          บ         Carbine Trigger and Firing Mechanism        บ
          บ                                                     บ
          บ                        by                           บ
          บ                                                     บ
          บ             Richard M. Bash & Alvin Chu             บ
          บ                                                     บ
          บ                   March 20, 1989                    บ
          บ                                                     บ
          ศอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผ


1.   Disassembly of the internal trigger mechanism.

     a.   Remove the stocks from the pistol grip.

     b.   Remove the open ends of the trigger spring from beneath the
          trigger safety cam block. There are grooves on the bottom of the
          safety cam block that the open ends fit into.

     c.   The grip safety must now be fully AFT. Push out the trigger axle
          pin from the left to the right (as viewed from the rear). Lift
          out the trigger with its attached safety cam block and the
          trigger spring. The trigger spring will still be under slight
          tension, so be careful.

     d.   Drive the sear axle pin out from left to right. Lift out the
          sear, sear spring and the trip limit block. The trip limit block
          points to the rear of the trigger mechanism and sits between the
          sear spring coils.

     e.   Remove the spring from the grip safety. This completes the
          disassembly.


2.   Reassembly of the internal trigger group.

     a.   Make certain the sear spring is correctly positioned in the sear
          itself. The flat side of the sear is the bottom of the sear. The
          open portion of the sear points rearward. This position exposes a
          hole in each of the rearward pointing "arms. Insert the ends of
          the sear spring into their respective holes so that the closed
          loop portion of the spring is above the two coils in the spring. 

     b.   Seat the sear by increasing the spring tension. Do that by
          pressing the closed loop against the inside front face of the
          trigger housing. 

     c.   Holding the sear and sear spring in this position, begin feeding
          the sear axle pin in from the right side. The right end of the
          sear axle pin has the screwdriver slot in it.

     d.   After positioning the sear axle pin through the rightmost sear
          spring coil, set the trip limit block down between the two coils,
          pointing rearward. Then push the sear axle pin on through the
          trip limit block, second sear spring coil and the rest of the
          sear until the pin is set flush with the outside trigger housing
          surface.

     e.   Rotate the sear axle pin using a screwdriver until the flat face
          on the sear axle pin is positioned so that the grip safety bar
          will slide under the sear axle pin.

     f.   Position the trigger spring so that the open ends are pointing
          rearward AND the straight portion connecting the two coils is
          resting near the inside bottom of the trigger housing.

     g.   Drop the trigger into its slot in the trigger housing and between
          the two coils in the spring.

     h.   Assure that the grip safety is positioned FULLY REARWARD and then
          start pushing in the trigger axle pin with its screwdriver slot
          end on the right (as viewed from the rear of the trigger
          housing).

     i.   Push the trigger axle pin through the first coil of the trigger
          spring. Hold the trigger so that the trigger axle pin may be
          pushed through the trigger and the second coil. Look at the left
          side of the trigger housing. Using a screwdriver of the
          appropriate size, insert the screwdriver into the trigger axle
          pin's slot (right end) and rotate the pin until the flat side of
          the trigger axle pin is parallel to the top flat portion of the
          safety bar (NOT the grip safety bar!). Then push the trigger axle
          pin on through until it stops.

     j.   The open ends of the trigger spring must now be positioned under
          the safety cam block and into the spring retaining grooves on the
          underside of the safety cam block. Take your time completing this
          step. A seam ripper available at any fabrics shop aids this step
          or you can grind a notch in a screwdriver blade (which ruins the
          screwdriver and why we recommend a seam ripper).

     k.   This completes the reassembly of the Uzi internal trigger
          mechanism.
