244
   Has the recent series of raids against BBS operators had a
"chilling effect" - that is, has it caused BBS owners and users
to `censor' their OWN speech out of fear of retaliation?

   This "code of standards," adopted by a large users' group,
in Washington DC, seems to show a definite chilling effect on their
BBS speech. This was downloaded from USENET alt.bbs.

   B66 is the appropriate ILLUMINATI forum for discussion of this
issue.


Capitol PC Users Group Minimum Code of Standards

SCOPE:
This Minimum Code of Standards applies to both users 
and SYStem Operators (SYSOPs) of electronic bulletin 
boards available to the general public. 

FREEDOM OF SPEECH AND IDEAS
Each user and SYSOP of such systems shall actively encourage 
and promote the free exchange and discussion of information, 
ideas, and opinions, except when the content would: 
    - Compromise the national security of the United States. 
    - violate proprietary rights.
    - violate personal privacy,
    - constitute a crime,                     
    - constitute libel, or
    - violate applicable state, federal or local laws and 
      regulations affecting telecommunications. 

DISCLOSURE
Each user and SYSOP of such system will:
    - disclose their real name, and
    - fully disclose any personal, financial, or commercial 
      interest when evaluating any specific product or service. 

PROCEDURES
SYSOPS shall:
    - review in a timely manner all publicly accessible 
      information, and 
    - delete any information which they know or should
      know conflicts with this code of standards. 

A 'timely manner' is defined as what is reasonable based 
on the potential harm that could be expected. Users are 
responsible for: 
    - ensuring that any information they transmit to such 
      systems adheres to this Minimum Code of Standards, and 
    - upon discovering violations of the Minimum Code of 
      Standards, notifying the SYSOP immediately. 

IMPLEMENTATION
Electronic bulletin board systems that choose to follow 
this Minimum Code of Standards shall notify their users 
by publishing this Minimum Code, as adopted by the [Capitol 
PC Users Group], and prominently display the following: 
    'This system subscribes to the Capitol PC Users Group 
    Minimum Code of Standards for electronic bulletin board 
    systems.'


Quit, List, or number to read :