Bouncers
Slam-Dunk Your Head

A Breath-Taking, Bizarre Basketball Breakthrough

Cartoon Court Action Kicks Butt in the B-Ball Arena

Overview
If you think you're a B-Ball expert on the cart court, 
you have to try Bouncers, the most unique and unruly 
basketball game to ever hit a game machine. Now you get 
to play basketball as the ball. If you wanna score in 
Sega's outrageously original new basketball CD, you have 
to bounce on top of your opponent. Or run straight into 
him and launch a leap. Or grab any number of 
unpredictable power-ups floating across the court. 
Spectacular 3-D rendered animation and a cast of bizarre 
basketball characters make Bouncers a B-Ball bonanza 
that's nothin' but net.

Publisher:	Sega
Players:	1 or 2
Controller:	3-Button
Rating:	 Not Yet Rated

Head-to-Head Action

Meet eight different Bouncers - human basketballs that 
bounce all over one another on the most creative courts 
in the history of B-Ball. Pick your character and 
challenge the computer or your favorite friend or enemy 
to hoops hysteria. You can score in any basket, but you 
can't jump high enough to reach them on your own. You 
have to bounce off your opponent or use the optional 
power-ups to score. In Challenge or Tournament mode, this 
is one game where you really have to use your head.


Hot Hints

*	Start off in the Arcade mode, which gives you more 
bounce control, then graduate to Standard mode (the 
default), which gives you less. If you're a glutton 
for punishment, move up to Expert mode, which only 
lets you control your character on the ground.

*	Your opponent has the least control when he's 
bouncing. Hop on top of him as his bounce slows down.

*	You just need to touch your opponent to launch a jump. 
Run straight at him and tap A as soon as you touch.

*	Avoid the Lead Shoes power-down unless you're playing 
underwater. 

*	If you get stuck with the Lead Shoes, sit in the 
center of the court and use your  Repel attack (button 
B) until the power-down wears off.

*	If your opponent gets the Wing Shoes power-up, sit 
under the net and lean on Button B to deflect him from 
the basket.

These Are the Bouncers to Beat

In single-player mode, you can play as any Bouncer and 
challenge any other Bouncer. When controlled by the 
computer, these characters have different ability levels. 
In two-player mode, though, a Bouncer is only as good as 
the player controlling him. Each character, incidentally, 
is introduced by a spectacular 3-D cartoon that boasts 
some of the best animation to spin off a Sega CD.

