
Written by: 	Ho-Wei Wong

Please pass it around to friends and family.  so you can help me 
support my family.  Ha! just kidding, but any help will be great.  
And sorry for the poor grammar, I seem to have forgotten a lot of 
my English grammar.

Hello People:
	Sorry it took me so long to mail this newsletter out, I have 
been very busy with the stores and finding new information 
about all copiers and games.  I did type up a six page newsletter 
before, but my cheap computer broke down and eat everything I 
wrote.  So it took me four weeks to find more time to write this.  
Sorry if it took me so long.
	I must clear something out first.  first, I am really sorry 
about all the confusion about the special formatted disks.  When I 
purchased these machines from Front Fareast, they did not tell me 
that there are two versions of SMC and SMD.  One version is for 
export and one version is for Taiwan.  The Taiwan version must 
use special formatted disks to copy and play games.  I have told 
them many times that I am selling these to the States that I don't 
want the Taiwan version.  They didn't listen, I guess they are just 
*ssholes.  So from now on, I will stop selling all products made by 
Front Fareast, and please tell your friends not to buy anything 
from them either because they provide the worse service in this 
gaming industry, and since something much better is out (I will 
tell you all about it next)  Front Fareast also seem to have become 
very cockeyed about everything, after many conferences with 
them, they ask me to pay them US$1200 for a program to 
formatted their special formatted disks.  I don't think I am that 
stupid.
	People also wants to know how fast I can get stuff to them.  
If you wire the money into my account I should get the money in 
two days, and once I receive the money I will send the shipment 
out by air mail express.  So this whole thing should take no longer 
than 1 1/2 week.  Then you can sit home and enjoy all the games.  
Here is how to contact me and my account number.

Ho-Wei Wong
home:   011-886-2-7118278
fax:	   011-886-2-5618584

Bank account: 01510128659

Bank name: 
	The International Commercial Bank of China
	Chung Shan Branch

Bank address:
	No. 15, Chung Shan North Road, Section 2
	Taipei, Taiwan.   R.O.C.

	I also provide the best guarantee for all products.  Unlike 
Lawrence Chiu asking you to pay the shipping.  I you buy the 
product from me and it's defective or you broke it.  Mail it back to 
me, I will fix it for free and I will also give back the money you 
pay form mailing it to m.  But this is only effective for one year.  
After that, I will ask you to pay for the cost.
	If you do not wish to spend $30-$50 to wire me the money.  
You can send me Traveler's Checks.  It will take one week to 
arrive and once I receive the money, I will send the goods out to 
you.  So the whole thing should take no longer than two weeks.  
Here is my address:

Ho-Wei Wong
3rd floor, Number 35, Lane 19.
Ta An Road, Section 1.
Taipei, Taiwan.   R.O.C.

	I carry all copiers, consoles, games and anything you want 
that is related with games.  Computer boards, IC boards for video 
games.  I can get them at the best price and send it to you in 
lighting speed.
	Street Fighter II for the Super Famicom is out on June 9th, 
1992.  I got a copy of this game on June 1.  Because I know some 
people that works in the main Super Famicom importing store.  
The game was on sale in my store at US$90 each, I had 50 of them 
and they were gone in three hours.  The price was raised three 
times in that three hours.  The last SF II was on sale at US$120.  
Still, someone bought it.  I think that is an outrageous price.  I was 
able to copy the SF  II game onto 3.5 disks and play it on copiers.  
MGD II or SMC 16Mbit will play this game without any problem.  
But to upgrade these machine is really high, I would really 
suggest you to buy SF  II in the U.S. when it's out (very soon).  The 
game is excellent and just like the real arcade, but I got bored 
with it really fast, because it is exactly the same, nothing new.  
Still a good game.  If you wish to buy this game from me.  It will 
cost US$100 and that includes shipping.

Copiers:

Super Magic Drive:
Cost: (I would rather not sell this, but if you really want it, call or
fax for price)

The super magic drive can now work on super famicom or SNES, 
but the interface seems to have some problem with the SNES.  It 
can be fixed only if I can get my hand on a SNES here.  The 
interface costs US$120 each.  The super magic drive can be 
upgraded to 16Mbit, but it needs a different DOS to copy any 
games that will be 16M in the near future.  I will have this DOS 
when I get back to the States, I will also give it out for free.  For 
the special formatted disks, there is some crap on track 81 of the 
disks from Front Fareast.  If you can find a copy program that 
copy up to 81 or higher track, you should have no problem to 
make your own disks (a program like VGAcopy).  And I am sorry 
for anyone who purchase super magic drive from me that needs 
special formatted disks.  I will do my best to crack the code and 
ask my friend in the stores to write a program.  Front Fareast 
really dick me over this time.  Also there is nothing wrong with 
the 16Mbit upgrade for all copiers.

Super Magicom:
Cost:  (I would rather not sell this either, but if you want it, call or
fax for price)

	It can be upgraded to 16Mbit.  It can copy street fighter II 
without any problem.  Also needs a new DOS to copy 16M games, 
but I am giving it out for free when I get back to the States.  
Nothing else is new.  I have over 120 SFC games on disk.  If 
anyone wants it, you can send $6 for 8M, $5 for 4M and the name 
of the games you wish to copy.  I will copy the games for you.

Mega Disk Intercepter:
Cost:  $350  8M
	$430   16M

	I just find out that Mega Disk can read all different copiers 
disks, MGDII, SMD or SMC.  But they are not selling this program 
to the public.  I will try to get this for the American users, they 
seem to be a much better company than Front.  Also in the near 
future (two month from now), they will not need a special save 
cart for saving RPG games.  There will be a program for mega disk 
user to save the data on disks, instead on the save cart.  One disk 
can save up to 15 different data.

MGD II (Multi Game Doctor II)
Cost:  (vary from different configurations)
	From US$300-$800.  The $800 package deal include all you 
need to copy MD or SFC games.

Golden Finger II:
Cost:  $40

	BIG BIG BIG BIG BIG BIG news.  In three month, the MGD II 
will be able to copy SNK (NEO GEO) games.  News from the Makko 
INC.  I talked with them today and it is true, they even show me 
the half finished product.  It is an incredible machine.  The cost is 
still unknown, but it should not cost that much.  I also forgot to tell 
you all.  I just signed a contract with Makko Inc.  So I will be able 
to drop the price on MGD II really soon.  So fax or call me today if 
you wish to buy a MGD II.  The MGD II also has a 16M upgrade, 
but it's pretty ridiculous.  First, you must purchase another doctor 
card and then you must purchase a different interface.  This 
whole thing will cost almost $400.  No need to spend all that 
money for a 16M upgrade.  However, the MGD II provides the 
best quality for the games and the picture.  A bit more expensive, 
but a very good investment.  I do believe that in the future they 
will be coming out something even better.  One more thing, 
starting July 1, MGD II will allow players to save game where and 
when ever you want.  You can play your game in progress later in 
the exact spot where you left off.  How can I explain this...It's like 
pause the game, shut it off.  Turn on it later and it will be on the 
same spot again.  Only the MGD II will be able to do this.

The all new Multi Game Hunter (MGH)
Cost:  Only $475 including shipping and Street Fighter II.

	Made by the same company that makes the MGD II, so the 
quality is assured.  Extremely popular in Taiwan now.  I am 
holding all orders for the U.S. buyers.  Only 20 of them are on sale 
right now.  Call or fax today for your orders.  I will get some more 
next month.
	This machine will come with two interfaces to copy both SFC 
or MD games.  16M included, it can copy all games from now to 
the future of 32M games.  This is because the 32M can be 
upgraded absolutely free in the future, if there ever going to be a 
32M game.  Another thing, this machine can read MGD II file, SMC 
or SMD file, and Mega disk intercepter file.  In another word, it 
can read all copiers files.  It's a small machine no bigger than 
SNES, easy to use and no need for special formatted disks and can 
use all IBM formatted disks.  I have one and I love it.  This is the 
best machine on the market now.  I am also the only person that 
is selling this machine to the States, because they are so short of 
this MGH, they can only provide it to Taiwan and Hong Kong 
buyers.  I am in Taiwan, so I have no problem getting anything.  I 
talked to the Makko owner this afternoon and he seems to be a 
very nice man.  I have ordered 20 today, and should be getting 
them next week.  About the same time you receive this 
newsletter.  Fax or call now, or you will be too late.

	This is all about the copiers now.  I am going to get into 
consoles on this next part of the newsletter.

32bit game system made by HUDSON??????????????
TRUE TRUE TRUE TRUE TRUE TRUE TRUE

	Using 32bit CPU system, it's called HUC 62.  It's a half 
finished product, and it was shown in the 91' CES show.  This 
system can be used like a video tape machine, and it can show 
very good pictures and just like watching TV.  If you saw the MTV 
by Michael Jackson's "black or white" you would know there is a 
scene that man change to woman, or woman changes to a child.  
This system can do the same thing.  It sounds like a useless 
product to me.  Cost???  It's unknown, but the HUDSON company 
said they will try to consider the buyers' wallet.

Mega CD:
Cost:  US$400 (why so much?  I don't know, but that it's how 
much it costs in Taiwan.  I know it will only cost $300 in the 
States)

Games:  Ranging from US$50-US$60.  I have all the games.

Wonder Mega:
Cost:  US$630
	
	A very expensive toy, it's a mega CD with mega drive build 
in.  No need to spend all these money to buy this product.

THE END OF THE FIRST EDITION OF HO-WEI'S NEWS LETTER, 
PLEASE BE EXPECTING THE NEXT EDITION IN TWO WEEKS, I 
HOPE.....


