Title: Pac-Man 2: The New Adventures
Rating: Not Yet Rated

Cartoon Universe On A Cart

The Pac is Back!

And he's out of Control! (Really)

Believe it.  Namco's Pac-Man 2 is unlike any game you've 
ever played - 'cuz in this game you can't control the 
main character. Whaaaaat?  you say.  That's right. You 
can't control Pac-Man.  You can influence him as you 
guide him through his universe, but you can't directly 
control him (now you know how your parents feel).  Hey, 
but what do you expect from a legend?  This hero has 
revolutionized the video scene from the first time he 
appeared back in 1980.  When his now classic video game 
was first introduced, it became such a craze that there 
was Pac-Man cereal, books on how to "master" Pac-Man,  
Pac-Man vitamins, a Pac-Man cartoon on TV, and even a 
Pac-Man Day!  Now Pac-Man's back in a completely unique 
game - free to explore a wild cartoon world (with your 
help of course).

Publisher: Namco
Controller: 3-Button
Players:  1
Rating: Not Yet Rated
 
Welcome To Pac-World!

The innovative concept of a free-willed main character 
makes things interesting, quite interesting. First on the 
agenda is learning how to persuade Pac-Man to do what you 
want him to do.  It takes a little getting used to, but 
it's easy once you get the hang of it. You're armed with 
a slingshot to bean items on the screen, and a "Look" 
sign to get Pac-man's attention.  You draw his interest 
to people, animals and objects in order to entice him to 
walk different directions and discover things. That is, 
if he feels like it.  If he's upset, he doesn't  pay 
attention to you.  But don't sweat - when Pac-Man's needs 
a 'tude adjustment find him some food or something cool 
to look at and he's happy again. You're also equipped 
with power pellets, which you'll need to fire at Pac-man 
whenever ghosts appear.  He can use them to become "Super 
Pac-Man" and eat those filmy phantoms.

Multitude of Missions

In his new game Pac-Man is a family man, with a wife (Ms. 
Pac-Man), two young 'uns (Pac-Junior and Pac-Baby) and a 
dog (Chomp-Chomp).  Pac-Man ventures through the city, 
the countryside, the mountains and a factory in order to 
defeat the evil Ghost Witch of Netor and return all the 
stolen bubble gum to the kids of Pac City.  Among other 
errands, he gets milk for Pac-Baby, retrieves Jr's 
guitar, and gets flowers for his neighbor, Lucy. But Pac-
Man has a mind of his own (thanks to Namco's Character 
Guidance Interface technology)  and gets himself into a 
ton of trouble if gamers aren't there to show him the 
right way to go.
 
A Pac-Man for All Seasons

Although the storyline of Pac-Man 2 sounds like it's 
aimed at a younger audience, it's really a game with 
enough problem-solving challenges for even the most 
experienced players.  Your timing has to be flawless as 
you lead Pac-Man on a mine car trip through rocky ledges 
or help him maneuver his hang glider over treetops.  
What's really unusual is that Pac-Man 2 is never the same 
game twice, since players control the story line. When an 
independent main character, (that's an understatement 
with Pac-Man), is free to roam, it's like being dropped 
into the middle of a cartoon on TV - completely 
unpredictable.  Most times, you'll love Pac-Man's 
personality. Other times, well, let's just say you may 
find yourself aiming your slingshot his direction (brace 
yourself for a serious temper tantrum if you hit him). 
Less experienced and younger gamers, may have a hard time 
getting to all the levels, but will still enjoy the ever-
changing story, upbeat music and animations.

PAC FACTS AND HOT HINTS

Go with Pac-Man into the arcade where he can play the 
original Pac-man in it's entirety!
 
When Pac-Man can't reach something, shoot him with the 
slingshot and he'll jump.

Look for the Robbers in the cave. Try making Pac-Man 
super-angry before you send him after them.

If Pac-Man falls backwards and passes out, the "cartoon" 
ends.  But if you're quick enough to hit him with your 
slingshot, he'll snap out of it.

Don't forget to monitor Pac-Mans mood.  Keep him happy 
with food (purple grapes not the green ones) or things to 
look at (like the butterflies or birds hidden in the 
trees).

After you find Lucy's flowers, take the shortcut home by 
finding the hidden ropes in the trees.

One of the Ghosts has one of the three ID cards needed to 
open the doors of the factory.

To get to the rooftop, find the balloon lady, hit her so 
she loses her balloons, then watch what happens!

Watch out for garbage cans with eyes - you'll find ghosts 
in them.


