* From: randolph s vance <rsvanc00@mik.uky.edu>
* Date: Fri, 4 Dec 92 17:42:56 -0500


So, you want to save the world from the evils of Cyberdyne,
Skynet, and the horror of Judgement Day, eh? Well, here's
a complete help guide/cheat sheet/spoiler packed article
that's just what every gamer should have!

How to WIN at Terminator 2:Judgement Day (Version 1.1)
By Randolph S. Vance, 10-21-1992, copyrighted.

You may keep this, but if you do, you are required to send me
E-mail and let me know what you think of it.

1: Get an assistant.

You'll need someone to help you on your quest, it's just as simple as
that. Get a friend to help you and the two of you get a roll
of tokens or quarters apiece. Believe me, one person with
just two coins is NOT going to win. You need serious money
and you'll need help.

Also, in between each scene, it is a very wise idea to stock up
the machine with 4 to 6 coins, that way, when you do die, you
can press start and continue immediatly. This will be almost a
necessity inside Skynet and Cyberdyne. You will need to be able
to press start instantly and keep up with the action.

2: Battlefield

The battlefield is the easiest stage to go through. What
will appear in this scene are:

Silver and Gold endoskeletons
H-K flyers
Ground missile launchers
and one Ground H-K Tank, with a squadron of Gold endoskeletons inside.

Silver endoskeletons are the easiest, just clip them with a shot
from your machine gun. If a silver endoskeleton should come up
to you, just shoot him in the head and get the chip inside. That's
a very valueable thing to get, as you can get 1 of 6 random bonuses.
You can get added firepower, more missiles, bonus points, a better
weapon, or even hit the battlefield with a smart bomb!

Gold endoskeletons are dropped into the battlefield by flying H-Ks
regardless of whether they have been downed or not. They can be
defeated in the same manner as a silver endoskeleton, except that
a gold endoskeleton will not come up to face you off in battle.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
APPENDIUM by Steve Stelter (sjs28257@uxa.cso.uiuc.edu)

Actually, they will--it's happened to me a couple of times--but they don't
do it very often.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
H-Ks, short for Hunter-Killers are flying craft that are heavily
armored and well armed. A single locked shot with a missile or
repeated heavy machine gun fire will down an H-K from it's long-distance
range. Note that if an H-K flys toward you, machine guns can better
destroy an H-K, but beware of the incoming missile fire it will launch.

Ground launchers are small missile launchers that are very fierce,
very heavily armored, and can recycle missile fire at an alarming rate.
The only way to defeat a ground launcher is to hit it with a locked
missile shot.

The Ground-based H-K tank is the biggest and last enemy you shall
have to defeat to pass to the next stage. To defeat the Ground H-K,
you will need to lay down very heavy fire with your missiles. Start
on the arms to destroy the guns and the plasma bolt fire. Then work
from the top and blast off the head. Then use missiles and the machine
gun to destroy the tank. The squadron of gold endoskeletons will then
be deployed, but this should pose no problem.

Hints:

Get as many of the equipment boxes as you can and stock up your missiles.
They will be needed to destroy the Ground H-K Tank. Also save up machine
gun fire, as it can be drained very quickly. Don't waste fire unnecessarily.

3: Human Hideout

The few remaining survivors of Judgement Day live like hunted rodents
inside underground bunkers. This is the shortest scene to go through
but is by no means easy. In this scene shall appear:

Silver endoskeletons
Arnolds (The series 800, Model 101)
Eggs
Orbs

Stan Winston said that in the Terminator factories of Skynet, the
Model 101 was churned out on a production line and that all of them
looked just like Arnold. The rubber-skinned line of Terminators
was discontinued by Skynet due to it's inability to blend in.
A little note, in the novelization of Terminator 2, John Connor
and his team captured a Model 101, disconnected him from the Skynet
network, re-programmed him to be John's protector and then smuggled
him back into the core of Skynet. It's also a good debate that
at the same time the first Terminator was sent to kill Sarah Connor,
the T-1000 was sent to kill John Connor, 10 years after. A battle
that lasted over 10 years was begun in 10 minutes.

The Arnold model appears dressed in leather jacket and pants, armed
with machine gun and Gargoyles. The best way to defeat an Arnold
is to lay down machine gun fire and clip him. Arnolds will
come up face to face and lay down a heavy barrage of machine gun
fire back at you, this can easily kill you. The best way to take out
an Arnold face to face is to hit him with a single missile shot in
the torso. You can't go for the head shot, as the Arnold is very
quick and firece.

An Arnold that had been clipped from long distance will then quickly
rise from the dead and attack again. Another clipping shot with your
machine gun will then defeat the Arnold, who will be removed from the
Skynet collective. Arnolds will also appear from the rafters, going
after human targets. These Arnolds can also be defeated with a clipping
shot, but will be quickly absorbed into the collective.

Eggs will be dropped into the hideout, if left unattended, they will quickly
hatch into Orbs. The best strategy to defeat an egg is to shoot them
as quickly as they are dropped. Either a burst of fire from a machine
gun or missiles will be sufficient to destroy eggs.

If an egg hatches into an Orb, it will be a very tough enemy to defeat.
Orbs are fierce creations, highly armored and very mobile, armed with
a rapid fire machine gun. Heavy barrages of machine gun fire or a missile
shot are what is needed to defeat an Orb.

Hints:

Again, stock up on missiles. Get as much equipment as you can.

Also, the lamps above the rafters hold bonus items, so shoot as
many of them as you can.

Equipment is also stored in the shopping baskets that go rolling
by. There is at least one smart bomb on this stage.

4: Trip to Skynet

John Connor has discovered that a Terminator has been sent back
in time to alter the course of future history. You must lead
an armed escort and help get John Connor to Skynet.

What shall appear in this scene are:

Silver and Gold endoskeletons
H-K flyers

The best strategy I can recommend for this scene is to use your
machine gun and missiles and bring down as many H-Ks as you can.
DO NOT try and hit the endoskeletons that will come running by the
truck, as stray fire will easily destroy the truck and end your game.

Hints:

Get as many missiles as possible, the H-Ks at close range can be brought
down only with repeated missiles and will be taking as many shots as they
can at the truck.

If you need missiles, another effective strategy is to end your game
on purpose, continue and you can start the scene over with 25 more
missiles, plus those that you can get before the truck takes off.

If you can escort the truck to Skynet without having to continue,
you will be awarded a truck bonus of 25000 points.

5: Skynet, Security Level 1

You are outside the gates of Skynet, from here on, there will
be no further human support, it's just you and your friend against
Skynet. What will appear are:

Silver and Gold endoskeletons
H-K flyers
Arnolds

To pass on to Security Level 2, you must go through an army of Terminators
and H-Ks and then blast open the front gates of Skynet.

Hints:

Don't waste your missiles, you'll need them.

Use 3 missiles and destroy the huge fuel depots. That can add to
your damage bonus.

6: Skynet, Security Level 2

You're inside Skynet, now you begin to realize the awesome destructive
arsenal that Skynet commands. In this scene are:

Silver and Gold endoskeletons
Arnolds
H-K flyers
Eggs
Orbs
Silverfish

To pass on through to Security Level 3, you must destroy the launching
bays where Orbs and Silverfish will be coming from.

Silverfish make their first appearance in this area. They are very
ornery little boogers that sidewind their way, then hurl themselves
toward you and self-destruct. The best way to destroy a Silverfish
is to hit it with a locked missile shot.

Hints:

When at the launching bays, focus less on the Orbs and go for the
Silverfish and the Launching bays. Only when a bay door is closed will
it then be vulnerable.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
APPENDIUM by Ah so Grasshopper! (foregone@stein.u.washington.edu)

One the level with the doors that open and let out orbs and silverfish,
blow all the doors but the far right silverfish door. This one will
continually open and close letting out silverfish that take a really long
route to you. This can usually be taken out with the machine gun. Not
only will this net many, many points, but the boxes will continually appear
for about 1-4 minutes (STOCK UP ON MISSILES!)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Get as much equipment as you can, you can quickly run short of
machine gun fire in here.

Blow up the walls with several missile shots, they make great places
for eggs to be dropped and hatched and for Orbs to come running out
from behind.

7: Skynet, Security Level 3

The Launching bays are destroyed, now you must go through the heaviest
gauntlet that Skynet has laid down. What will appear in this scene are:

Silver and Gold endoskeletons
Arnolds
H-K flyers
Eggs
Orbs
Silverfish
and one H-K Ground Tank

To pass on to Security Level 4, you must go through the gauntlet and
then defeat the H-K Ground Tank, again as before on the battlefield.

Hints:

Destroy all walls and eggs that you can see.

Stock up on your missiles and get as much equipment as possible.

After you have blown up the top of the tank, you can blow it up by
just using your machine gun and get at each missile launched. This
can help save as many missiles as you can.

8: Skynet, Security Level 4

You are almost toward the end, now all that is left is to open
the main doors and get at the Skynet Super Mainframe Computer.
What will appear in this scene are:

Eggs
Orbs
Fixed Missile Launchers

To complete Security Level 4 and open the doors, you shall have
to destroy the fixed missile launchers at the corners of the doors.

Hints:

Save up on all your missiles.

Blast away all walls.

To effectively destroy the fixed launchers, have you and your friend
take one side apiece and blast away at the launchers using your
machine gun and repeated missiles.

9: Skynet, The Super Mainframe

The Super Mainframe is now almost defeated. What will appear in this
final stage are:

Fixed Missile Launchers
Silverfish

To defeat the Super Mainframe, you must blast away all of the missile
launchers and all of the pieces surrounding the Super Mainframe.

Hints:

Hose the Super Mainfraime using all the missiles you have been saving.
After you clear this stage, you won't be nededing missiles. Work from
the outer corners to the inside and then shoot at the SIMMS when they
are exposed. After that, Skynet has been defeated and you will be
successful in the first part of the game.

10: Cyberdyne

You have been sent back in time to protect young John Connor from the
evil T-1000. Armed with your machine gun and with 25 shotgun shells,
you must now destroy Cyberdyne and rescue the world from the horrible
fate of Judgement Day! What will appear in this scene are:

SWAT Policemen
Helicopters
Cruisers
Technicians

The best way to destroy everything in Cyberdyne is to just focus
on the equipment, don't worry about the humans taking shots at you.
You'll go through the adminstrative offices of Cyberdyne first, get
at all the computers, desks, filing cabinets, and everything else
you find. Don't leave anything behind here! Then, after the administrative
wing, you must face a barrage of SWAT Policemen and Helicopters.
Then you will go through the Clean Room area of Cyberdyne, where the
chips are grown and made. Get every piece of equipment that you see
here too, from the tables and the rolling carts to the green lamps on
the counter, (after all, that's where they make the chips) and the
chemical stockpiles and lockers and the clean room mainframes.
Once you clear out everything, then you must face off another
wave of Technicians hurling Chemical bombs at you. Afterwards, John
Connor will then get the Arm and Chip from the first Terminator sent
and you will get your first glimpse of the evil T-1000.

Hints:

Get as much equipment that Sarah and John Connor will drop for you.
Always try to get the Mini Gun, as it is a very powerful weapon.

You'll see a computer terminal with the image of a CPU rotating
around on the screen, get that and the CPU chip inside. It is just
as valueable as before.

In the offices will be huge banks of Mainframe Computers, you can
take these out very effectively with several shotgun shells spread
around them.

Don't leave a scrap of equipment behind! If so much as one piece
of equipment is left behind, Cyberdyne research will continue, and
the world will still be condemned to the horror of Judgement Day.

If you and your friend can completely clear out Cyberdyne, you
will both be awarded a one million point bonus. Pretty good for
saving the world.

11: Escape from Cyberdyne

Y
 Via Node 1:133/411, 23:35 12/5 ReMapper To Point 7
our gun regardless of which angle he approaches from. This way,
you can easily cover the top, corner and the sides of the SWAT Van.

After you have destroyed the helicopter, the T-1000 will then pursue
the SWAT Van in a Cryoco tanker truck. Now, what you and your friend
must do is cover the back side of the van and prevent him from ramming
into the back of the SWAT Van and killing everyone. To do this, keep
your gun level at the back, begin firing as soon as you hear the
truck approaching, then cover the engine with as much firepower as
you can. Then, you will be set for the showdown.

Hints:

Use the shotgun shells only on the tanker truck. I have tried
before to down the helicopter with the shotgun and ended up
wasting all my shells.

Also, if you can keep a Mini Gun from the Cyberdyne scene, that can
be very handy in bringing down the helicopter.

12: Showdown

You are in the Steel Mill, you must protect John Connor at all
costs. What will appear in this final scene are:

The T-1000
Steel Mill workers

You must first face off the T-1000 aside the tanker truck filled
with liquid Nitrogen. He will be using his gun and firing rapidly,
pacing back and forth between you and your friend, occasionally
extending his arm and smashing it towards you. Use the shotgun and
hit the T-1000 with two bursts. He will then fall to the ground. Use
the shotgun and with more shots, hit the tanker and immerse the
T-1000 in liquid Nitrogen. When the T-1000 gets back up, repeat the
procedure until you have shattered him. All during this, shotgun shells
will descend from the ceiling, collect as mant as you can.

Now you must protect John Connor. While you are following him, several
workers of the Steel Mill will descend and take shots at you. You can
shoot them, but I have found that this is a very good way to build up
your arsenal of shotgun shells. If you are low on hit points, let the
workers kill you, then continue and you will have 25 more shells.
More shells will descend from the ceiling, collect as many of those
as well, for the final showdown awaits.

John Connor will now be boxed in on the top of the rafters aside the
huge steel furnace. The T-1000 will be approaching slowly from the
left side, walking menacingly towards John. Use the machine gun and
the shotgun and hose him. Then, the T-1000 will come up and face you
off in battle. This is another good opportunity to get free shotgun
shells, because the T-1000 will not focus on John or anything else
while engaged in battle with you. Again, if you are low on hit points,
let the T-1000 kill you, continue and get 25 more shells. The only
way to defeat the T-1000 here is with a well placed shotgun shell
to his head, splitting it in two. This is what Industrial Light and
Magic nicknamed the "Saucehead" special effect. Then, the T-1000
will descend once more. Use your machine gun and shotgun while he is in
the very center and push him closer and closer towards the edge. Then,
a grenade launcher will descend from either the left or right side of
the furnace, get it and quickly blast it with the special weapons
button at the T-1000 as he is on the edge. The grenade detonates
inside the T-1000, he descends into the molten metal and you have won.

Should the T-1000 be successful and kill John Connor, you must
start over from the tanker and freeze him again.

13: Ending

If you have saved the world from Judgement Day and destroyed the
T-1000, then John Connor's face will appear, and these words will appear below:

                 "You have destroyed the T-1000!"
           "You have saved the world from Judgement Day!"
               "Your future is what you make of it."

If you have destroyed the T-1000, but not everything in Cyberdyne, then
these words appear below John Connor's face:

                 "You have destroyed the T-1000!"
              "But Cyberdyne research will continue."
                "Judgement Day could still happen."

14: Credits and Acnowldgements

I want to thank all these wonderful people for helping me with the
game and this guide.

Greg Henderson, though he'd rather be playing either Street Fighter II:
Championship Edition or Mortal Kombat. Well, he did help me clear out
Cyberdyne the first time. :-)

Jason Fischer, he was helpful and a very good companion to play
with, and together, we discovered how to get through the Trip to Skynet
effectively.

Gene Ppendygraft, he started a great game, we cleared out Cyberdyne
and then destroyed the T-1000. That was the first time we had the
best possible ending. :-)

My dad. His company, Van Brook of Lexington makes the tokens which
the Kentucky Arcade uses. Hell, I thought I'd give my dad's business
a shameless plug! ;-)

All the wonderful people at the Kentucky Arcade, probably one of
the busiest Arcades here on campus and in Lexington. Tim, Paul and
all the others there were very friendly and helpful.

Good luck in your future games of Terminator 2: Judgement Day!

--------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Randolph S. Vance
 
              RSVANC00@mik.uky.edu (NeXT Mail)
              RSVANC00@ukpr.uky.edu
              RSVANC00@ukcc.uky.edu
 
QUOTE: "I'll watch some TV, it'll help me to RELAX!"
              -Ren Hoek
 
-------------------------------------------------------------------


--

 Internet: musjndx@gsusgi2.gsu.edu     Fidonet : Jonathan Deitch@1:133/411.7 
           jdeitch@gisatl.fidonet.org  Bellnet : 1 - 404 - 261 - 3665 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Atlanta 1996 !! | Play Pinball !! | Don't Panic ! | "I hate it when I can't
--------------------------------------------------| trust my own technology!"
"Thrills!  Chills!  Magic!  Prizes!" -- Hurricane |    -- Geordi LaForge

Gene Roddenberry, Isaac Asimov, Jim Henson, Dr. Seuss, Mel Blanc ... Sigh ...

