Solution of: Zak Mc' Kracken and the Alien Mindbender, submitted by
             Ton Kroon (ISAABK@HHEOUH50)
-------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
You start in Zak's room.
First pick up Sushi in fishbowl.
Open dresserdrawer and pick up phonebill.
Open deskdrawer , pick kazoo and close deskdrawer.
Pick up torn wallpaper (on the wall left from the door).
Open the door and walk to door.
Pick up seatcushion (right form the TV).
Pick up seatcushion (the left one).
Pick up remote control (under cushion).
Use powercord in power outlet.
Now you can turn on the TV if you want (use remote control).
Walk to the right and pick up butterknife (on the wall).
Open refrigirator and pick up egg.
Pick up small key (right from the door).
Walk back to Zak's room.
Use butterknife with plastic card (green card under desk).
Leave the room and walk to the right to the front door.
Open the door and walk to door.
Walk to the right untill you see a bus.
Then walk to 14th avenue (at the top of the screen,left from the
bridge).
Walk to lou's loans door,open door and go in.
Buy:the golfclub,the wetsuit,the toolkit,the hat and noseglasses.
Leave the shop .
Walk to the right untill you see a boddy pin sign.
Open toolkit and use wirecutter on boddy pin sign.
Walk back the 13th avenue.
Walk to the left untill you see a bakery.
Push the doorbell at the bakery.
Keep pushing the doorbell untill the baker drops a stale bread.
Walk to the stairs (your house).
Open the cabinet (under the sink).
pick up box of crayons.
use yellow crayon on torn wallpaper.
Use monkey wrench on pipe (in cabinet).
Use stale bread in sink.
Turn on switch (yellow).
Pick up breadcrumps in the cabinet.
Use Sushi in fishbowl.
Walk to Zak's room.
Put on : nose glasses , hat , wet suit.
Pull rug corner (right,under).
Use monkey wrench on loose board (under rugcorner)
Use rope on hole and walk to hole.
Walk to the left and open the door and go in.
Use computer terminal.
Open counter door.
Pick up application (white paper at the left)
Use application with crayon.
Read pay phone (not really neccesary)
Open the (white) door and leave.
Use smallkey in mailbox (right from the stairs)
Use application with mailbox.
walk to the right to the busstop.
Use kazoo.
Wait untill the doors open and use cashcard in cashcardreader.
Walk to the devotee.
Give cashcard to devotee.
Walk to the gate to planes.
You are now in the plane on your way to seattle.
Walk to the left to the toilet.
Open the door and go in.
Use toiletpaper in sink.
Turn on the sink and wait untill the floor is blue.
Then push the call button.
Walk to the right quickly untill you see a microwave oven.
Wait untill you here the stewardes scream "oh what a mess"
Open the oven and use egg in oven.
Turn on the oven and walk back to your seat.
Wait untill the stewardes screams who did this.
Open all the bins untill you find an oxygen tank.
Pick up the tank .
Walk to the first seat in the plane and pick up the cushion.
You now see a lighter falling , pick the lighter up.
Now press return.
You are now in Seattle.
Walk to the right to the door.
You now see Mount Rainier.
Pick up the tree branch.
Walk to the right untill you see the 2 headed squirrel.
Give peanuts to squirrel.
Use branch with loose dirt.
You now see a cave entrance , go in.
Turn on the lighter and look for an abandoned birdnest.
(it's a little bit to the right and the up).
Use branch on birdsnest.
Use branch with firepit,use nest in firepit.
Use lighter on firepit.
Walk to the right (untill the wall).
Use yellow crayon on strange markings.
Walk to the Ankh door.
Use remote control.
Pick up blue crystal and walk back to the door.
Leave the cave.
Walk to the right back to the airport.
Use reservation terminal and go to San Francisco.
Walk to the right and leave the airport.
Walk to your house and use small key on mailbox.
Pick up letter.
Walk to the 14th avenue.
Walk to the second door.
Use blue crystal on drop slot.
Wait untill the door opens.
You now have a new command "switch".
Leave room , put on nose glasses and go to the busstop on
13th avenue.
Use kazoo , use cashcard in cashcardreader.
Use terminal and go to London.
In London now !
Use terminal and go to Nepal.
In Nepal now !
Go outside.
Walk to the right and give book to guard.
He'll open the door for you , walk to the door.
Walk to the right untill you see a Guru.
He'll teach you how to use the blue crystal.
Leave the Guru's home.
Walk to the right.
Use lighter on hay...It will burn.
Walk to the left and pick up the flagpole.
Walk to the Yak
Use Yak with cashcard.
Use terminal and go to Zaire.
In Zaire now !
Go outside and walk threw the jungle untill you see a hut.
Walk to the hut of the doctor (at the left).
Enter the hut and give golfclub to shaman.
They will perform a dance and when the fire burns....
They will bent their knees, write down a 1 if the first person
bent his knees , a 2 if the second ect untill you get a number
of 6 numbers long.
SWITCH TO LESLIE
Open the door enter the car , open glove compartement.
Pick up fuse and the cashcards.
Leave the car , read the cashcards and give melissa's card to
melissa.
Walk to the left untill you see a black monolith.
Use cashcard in monolith.
Walk back to the cabin door.
Use token in metal plate , use fuse in fuse box.
Push button and go in to the door (right)
Pick up vinyl tape.
Open locker and pick up the flashlight.
Walk to the right and pick up the ladder.
Pick up the covers of the bed.
You now have a broom alien.
Leave the house and use broom alien on sand.
Walk to the right and give vinyl tape to melissa.
Walk to the right to the huge face.
Use ladder on door.
Now push in the combination Zak has seen at the dance in Zairre.
The door will open , pick up the ladder .
Walk to the great chamber , walk to the first massive door.
Use ladder on pedestal , use crystal sphere.
Pick up ladder and walk to the doorway.
Use the door 1 maze map (the last page of this).
Turn on flashlight , go to the levers (see maze map).
If you are at the levers pull the switches.
Wait.......you can now take off your helmet.
Now go to the card room.
Read the strange markings in the card room (write'em dowm and
call it the egyptian markings)
Now go back to the great chamber.
Walk to the right untill the second statue.
Read the strange markings on the statue (write'em dowm and call
it the mexican markings).
Walk to the third massive door.
Use ladder on pedestal.
SWITCH TO MELISSA !
Walk to the car and go in.
Pick up cassette tape,pick up boombox.
Use oxygen valve.
Leave the car and go to the huge face , go to the great chamber.
Take off helmet.
Walk to the third massive door
Turn on boombox (record).
Use crystal sphere.
Go back to the great chamber and go to the second massive door.
Turn on boombox (play)
Enter the doorway.
Keep walking untill you find a doorway.
Pick up Ankh.
Walk back to the third massive door.
Walk to doorway.
Keep on walking to the right untill you find a doorway.
Enter the doorway and use ankh in panel.
Pick up golden key.
Push button (on the machine).
You can now hear and see a 3-D message from the ancient ones.
Leave the room and go back to the great chamber.
SWITCH TO ZAK !
Walk back to the jungle untill you find the airport.
Use terminal and go to Cairo.
Go outside , You are now in the dessert.
Go to the sphinx leg if there aren't any strange markings then
go to the other leg.
Use crayon on markings and draw the egyptian markings.
A door in the leg will open , go in.
Now enter the doors with a sun above it untill you are at a room
with 2 eyes above it.
Enter the room.
SWITCH TO ANNIE !
Pick up blotter , pick up cashcard , leave the room.
Go to louis loan and buy the guitar.
Walk to the busstop.
Use bus with guitar.
Use cashcard in cashcard reader.
Use terminal and go to London.
Use terminal and go to Egypte.
Go outside and go inside the sphinx.
Walk to the room where Zak is and read the hieroglyphix.
Push the buttons in the given order.
SWITCH TO ZAK !
Use wallpaper map with crayon.
Read markings (write'em down and call it martian markings.
Leave the sphinx and go back to cairo.
Use terminal and go to miami.
In miami..
Give book to Bum.
Use terminal and go to Mexico.
In mexico...
Go to door.
Walk threw the jungle untill you see a temple.
Enter the temple on top.
Keep on walking an putting on lighttorches with lighter untill
you you find a room with a doorway to the left , a tunnel in the
middle and a doorway to the right.
Enter the left doorway and you'll be in a room that looks the
same.
Keep on entering the left doorways untill you see a stone head.
Then enter the left doorway and the next left doorway.
Then enter the tunnel.
You are now in a chamber with a statue.
Use crayon on markings (mexican markings)
Pick up crystal shard and leave the temple.
Go to the airport , use terminal and go to Peru.
In Peru....
Walk outside and walk threw the jungle untill a birdfeeder.
Use breadcumbs in birdfeeder.
Use blue crystal on bird.
Fly quickly to the right to the huge carvings.
Enter the left eye and pick up the scroll.
Fly back and give the scroll to Zak.
Go back to Zak.
Leave immediatly to the left and enter the jungle.
Go to the airport.
Use terminal and got to San Francisco.
In San Francisco.....
Use terminal and go to London.
In London......
SWITCH TO ANNIE !
Leave the sphinx,go to Cairo.
Use terminal and go to London.
In London......
SWITCH TO ZAK !
Give to Annie:whiskey,wire cutter,scroll,flagpole,2 crystal
shards.
SWITCH TO ANNIE !
Walk to the door.
Give whiskey to sentry.
Pull switch (in guard house).
Use wire cutter on fence.
Walk to stonehenge , use both crystal shards on altar stone.
Use flagpole with altar stone.
Read scroll , pick up crystal , walk to guardhouse.
Walk to airport , give crystal to Zak.
Use terminal and go to Egypte.
In Egypte......
Go outside and go to pyramide.
Enter the pyramide and walk untill you find a doorway.
Go in .
SWITCH TO ZAK !
Use terminal and go to Cairo.
In Cairo......
Use terminal and go to Zaire
Go outside , walk threw the jungle and go to the shaman.
He'll teach you how to use the yellow crystal after you have
given him the yellow crystal.
Use yellow crystal and teleport to Peru (huge carvings)
Pick up calendra.
Use yellow crystal and teleport to Seattle.
Go to the airport , and go to Miami.
In Miami.....
Use terminal and go to Bermuda Triangle.
After a while you are transported into a spaceship.
Write down the colour code the pilot pushed in.
If you want to leave push in the colour code and walk to the left
( But if you need money walk to the right and push the button.
An anlien will let you in , give fan club card to King , the
alien will show you the combination to get home write it down.
But if you walk futher to the right you can read tommorows
winning lotto number , you can buy a ticket at louis loan in SFO.
then go to an another city and return again and you will get your
money at louis loan)
When you leave you will fall.
Use parachute, and you will land safely into the water.
Use kazoo and a dolphin will come.
Use blue crystal on dolphin.
Swim underwater and pick up all seaweed.
Untill you find a glowing object , pick it up and give it to Zak.
Switch back to Zak.
Use yellow crystal and teleport to Egypte.
Walk to the left and pull the lever.
A trapdoor will open.
SWITCH TO ANNIE !
Walk to the stairs (at the top left) and enter.
Walk to switch.
SWITCH TO ZAK. !
Use tape on fishbowl.
Use yellow crystal and teleport to Mars face chamber.
Use crayon on markings (martian markings).
Go to the great chamber (use maze map).
Put on oxygen tank , put on fishbowl.
Leave great chamber and go to monolith.
Use cashcard in monolith.
SWITCH TO LESLIE !
Put on helmet and walk to monolith , use cashcard in monolith.
SWITCH TO MELISSA !
Put on helmet and walk to monolith , use cashcard in monolith.
Use token in tram.
SWITCH TO LESLIE ! (quickly)
Use token in tram.
SWITCH TO ZAK ! (quickly)
Use token in tram.
Walk to pyramide.
SWITCH TO LESLIE !
Walk to pyramide , use broom alien on sand.
SWITCH TO ZAK !
Use boddy pin sign in keyhole.
SWITCH TO LESLIE !
Enter the pyramide and walk to the right untill you find a
doorway , enter and push the feet of the sarcophage.
SWITCH TO ZAK !
Walk to Leslie and walk to the stairs and go up.
SWITCH TO MELISSA !
Walk to the pyramide ,  walk to Zak.
SWITCH TO LESLIE !
Walk to the right.
SWITCH TO ZAK !
Go and stand in front of the white crystal.
SWITCH TO MELISSA !
Use golden key in box.
Push button.
SWITCH TO ZAK ! (quickly)
Pick up white crystal (quickly).
When you have the white crystal , use yellow crystal.
Teleport to Egypte.
Build the machine (use glowing object on base , use calendra on
glowing object , use the 3 crystals on the calendra)
Pull switch.
SWITCH TO ANNIE !
Pull switch.
 
THE END.
 
