 Orange Cats Are Pretty.
   Author: Child of The Grave
Date Of Release: 06/27/93
Time: 10:17:02 pm

Issue11OfOCAP

  
Dedicated                If you are offended by the topic
To Freedome of speech,         listed below, delete this file.
Freedom Of Press, And any                       
other civil liberty we can exploit.

Į Freak Accidents Made Simple 

    Okay, I just got finished with 'Self Inflicted Rape', so I'm off to create
another sick file for all of you to jerk over.  Freak Accidents Made Simple!
To do this sceme, you have to have guts (or just common stupidity).  What you
need:

  1> Something like C4, Semplex, or any other highly explosive materials
  2> A bike


    Okay, you got all of that?  Good.  Now, tape the explosives on you, and
ride your bike down a speeding highway, or into some projects filled with
those fucking niggers that we all hate (chinks and asians also).  Now, if
your in the projects, yell as loudly as you can 'YO! YOU FUCKING MO-FUCKING
MOTHER FUCKING BLACK TRASHING FUCKING NIGGERS!  YOU ALL FUCK YOUR SISTERS!'.
Of course, some of them may admit this, as we all know that they do, but some
of those fuckers will get really pissed of and run after you.  Now, when they
are near you, take off the explosive taped to you, and ignite it.  This will
make all of them stop in their tracks.  Get off of your bike, and place it ten
or twenty feet in front of you, and get back on your bike.  Them will follow
you (as they have the IQ that God gave the common cop), and when you hit the
explosives, they will die also, but there is good news:

 10> It will look like a freak accident
  9> No more school
  8> No more bitchy mom
  7> No more OCAP for you, wait a minute, that's a bad thing!  Okay, no more
     Big Long and Hairy Magazines for you
  6> No more pigs to bother you
  5> You never have to to a self inflicted rape process for your sexual outlet
  4> No more stupid Barney
  3> No more Barney followers to have to beat the shit out of
  2> No more polka!

  and he best thing that will come out of this is (drum roll please):

  1> NO MORE NIGGERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
                                                                     


Ŀ
ForOCAPSupportCall    
  (203)NOT-YET! 
Sorry,NoOCAPWHQYet! 
Butmaybewithinamonth!    

