
   Catalogue of High Security Locks v1.00



Author: Graham Pulford
Date: 27 April 1994
gwp@mullian.ee.mu.oz.au
Department of Electrical and Electronic Engineering,
University of Melbourne, Australia.

Notes and disclaimer:

   * The author is a lock enthusiast, not a qualified locksmith, so some of the 
     terminology may be incorrect. Furthermore, the author makes no claim as to
     the accuracy of the information presented in this document.

   * This catalogue is meant only as a sample of some of the world's more
     interesting and unusual locks.

   * The material reflects the author's taste and experience in locks and is not
     intended to favour one country's locks above those of another.

   * A list of car locks, magnetic locks, combination locks and electronic
     locks, together with some mystery locks has been included at the end of 
     the document. However, no operational descriptions have been provided for 
     these locks. Please feel free to comment on these if you know how they
     work, so that they may be included in future versions of the catalogue.

   * Where several locks brands are considered to be equivalent, these are
     listed together. Related locks are cross-referenced.

   * A large number of safe locks (typically Italian double-bitted lever locks)
     have been omitted.

   * Some of the information for this list was obtained from the 1993 Silca (TM)
     101 and 201 key catalogues, and from various manufacturers' brochures. 
     A large part was obtained through inspection of the locks themselves.

   * Books used in the preparation of this list:

       C. A. Roper,
       The Complete Book of Locks and Locksmithing, TAB Books, PA, 1983.

       R. L. Robinson,
       Complete Course in Professional Locksmithing, Nelson-Hall, Chicago, 1983.

   * Each lock category is arranged according to the plan below. brand country
     Silca catalogue ref. lock, key & keyway type picking difficulty This is
     followed, in most cases, by a description of the mechanism, mode of
     operation, security features and other comments relevant to lock(s) in
     question.

   * The following country codes have been adopted.

       A    Austria                AUS  Australia
       BR   Brasil                 CH   Switzerland
       D    Germany                E    Spain
       F    France                 FI   Finland
       UK   Great Britain          H    Hungary
       HK   Hong Kong              I    Italy
       IL   Ireland                J    Japan
       NL   Netherlands            P    Portugal
       RC   China                  SW   Sweden
       US   USA

   * Picking difficulty (author's estimate only) is graded on a scale of 1 - 5
     according to the table below.

       1    relatively easy
       2    quite hard
       3    hard / special tools required
       4    very hard
       5    forget it!

Alpha

   (J) 5 + 6-pin, horizontal keyway (3)

   Used on vending machines. The keyway is horizontal and rectangular with 6 pins 
   on the upper face and 5 profile pins. Keyway warding and small size make this 
   lock hard to pick.
 
   (See DOM IX.)

American

   (US) wafer-tumbler, double-sided key (2)

   Used in cylinder locks and padlocks. The keyway has a central ward and the 
   key is continuously milled on both top and bottom edges, such that the
   bitting width is constant along the length of the blade. The wafers are
   adjacent, unlike in ordinary wafer locks, and all have the same size cut
   which may vary in offset. The wafers require no spring since they are held
   in place by the key. In some circumstances, the wafers may be sprung on the
   side by an S-shaped wire. There are typically 12 wafers. 

   American also make high quality pin-tumbler locks that use spool drivers and
   spooled lower pins to increase the difficulty in picking.

   (See Bricard Locks.)

ASSA Twin 6000

   (SW) 6-pin + side-bar, dealer perm key (5)

   The ASSA lock has 6 conventional pins with spool drivers actuated by the top 
   bittings of key. A second set of bittings lower down on the left hand side of 
   the split-level key raises the 5 side-bar pins to engage the side-bar. 
   side-bar pins are internally sprung. Each side-bar pin has several grooves 
   around its girth, only one of which is the correct depth for the side-bar
   blade. The cylinder may have hardened pins inserted around keyway and 
   side-bar to resist drilling.

   The side bittings on the key are known as a "dealer perm" and are used on
   other dual-action locks such as Schlage Primus, Vachette 2000 and Winkhaus so
   that the distributor cuts the profile bittings (to a given permutation) using 
   a special cutting machine, leaving the top part of the blade blank. The blade
   can then be cut using a conventional cutting machine.

Abloy

   (FI) AY1 10-disc side-bar, D-profile key (4-5)

   The key is half-round in cross section with angled bittings along its length.
   Six bitting angles are possible from 0 (no cut) to 90 degrees, with a 90
   degree cut leaving a quarter circle of key profile. The keyway may have wards
   requiring the key to be milled out to a different profile to restrict access.

   The cylinder has up to 11 discs with separators housed in a shell which has a
   slot for the side-bar. Discs have a D-shaped hole stamped in the centre and a
   stop lug on the rim to limit rotation within the shell to 90 degrees. Each
   disc also has a side-bar notch in its rim. When all discs have been correctly
   aligned by the a quarter turn of the key, pressure exerted by a bevel in the
   cylinder wall will force the side-bar into the groove formed by the discs.
   The shell is then free to turn, releasing the locking balls in a padlock or
   turning a connecting rod in a cylinder lock.

   Mastering is achieved by cutting more than one notch in one or more of the
   discs. Shallow notches are usually included to jam the side-bar and inhibit
   picking. Pick manoeuvring is made difficult by the geometry of the keyway and
   the relative positions of the discs when rotated. The number 1 (front) disc
   may not have a stop lug, preventing tension from being applied naively to the
   first disc, in any case, it is only feasible to apply tension to a disc
   corresponding to a 0 degree cut (i.e. no cut), since it will stop in the 
   correct position. Of course, it is not known a priori which discs are which,
   although discs 9 and 10 (in a 10-disc lock) are often of the latter type. 
   In addition, fixed (non-rotating) discs can be used, so that the key blank
   must have warding cuts in order for it to turn.

   It is possible however to defeat the lock using a reader or jig (similar to
   a technique used to decode keys for Chubb locks). A reader for an Abloy lock
   can be made using a coaxial rod fashioned to fit the keyway. The inner part
   of the rod tensions the core, while the outer part is free-sliding and can
   be rotated to test each of the discs in turn. In this way, the combination
   of the lock may be decoded and a key cut. Of course, if the discs have false
   notches, then this will only narrow down the number of possible keys which
   need to be cut and tried. 

   This lock gets my vote for the most ingenious design in that it contains
   relatively few moving parts yet is very hard to pick or drill.

   (See Abus Plus.)

Abus Plus

   (D) AB32 disc side-bar, symmetric key (4)
   Chubb SMI (AUS)
   
   A close relative of the Abloy but with a rectangular keyway and a symmetric
   key that may be inserted either way round. These locks have typically 10
   discs which, when rotated to the correct angles, allow the side-bar to drop
   into the channel formed by the notches and the core to rotate in the 
   cylinder. Because the key is cut from both sides, it tends to be prone to
   shearing off in the lock, e.g. when not inserted to the correct depth,
   although this is less of a problem with Abus.

ACE

   (US) 7-pin-tumbler, tubular (2-3)
   GEM (US) CH9T

   These locks have 7 or 8 push-in pins arranged around a central plug. The plug 
   (or spindle) passes through the barrel and has a threaded end to which a
   locking cam is attached. The plug and barrel assembly is mounted inside the
   lock shell and the barrel secured with a retaining pin. The retaining pin
   should be hardened to protect against drilling. The key is hollow and
   cylindrical, usually with a bitting that engages a slot in the plug to
   provide turning force and to keep the pins depressed as the key is rotated.
   There are 7 pin sizes ranging from 0.020" to 0.110" in increments of 0.015".
   Some ACE locks have a ball bearing imbedded in the plug to guard against
   attack by drill or hole-saw. Since all the pins are exposed, these locks are
   not hard to pick with a tubular lock pick that can maintain the pins at the
   correct depth once they are picked. The plug will relock at fractions of a
   turn if the pins are allowed to spring back up.

   There also exists an ACE variant that has a 5-pin conventional, at key
   extending through the tubular part of the key. I've only seen these in U.S. 
   airport lockers.

BiLock

   (AUS) 12-pin double side-bar, U-profile key (3-4)

   The 2-bladed key is formed by folding a at plate, cut along two opposite 
   edges, to form a "U". There is no warding in the keyway, so that the pins
   are easily accessible when a two-pronged tensioner is used. Each blade has 6 
   bittings with four possible cuts. Thus there are nominally 16 million
   differs. The lock is a twin side-bar type with spring-loaded lower pins (no
   drivers). The pins are machined with a hole in the side facing the side-bar,
   and a vertical channel to constrain rotation within the chamber. Each pin may
   have one hole or several holes (for mastering), with false-depth holes to jam
   the side-bar and render picking difficult. The plug has hardened inserts to
   resist drilling.

Bramah

   (UK) radial wafer pump, end-bitted tubular (3)
   Supra-C (Aus) 6-wafer pump, internally milled tubular key (3)

   Bramah is the original "tubular" lock and the model for many other radial
   and pump-type locks. It was devised by Joseph Bramah in 1784. A set of 5 or
   more wafers arranged around the circular plug prevents rotation. A bit on the
   key stem locates the key in the keyway and provides turning tension. The
   correct key depresses each wafer to the required depth at which it clears
   fixed notches cut in the front and back plates of the cylinder barrel. The
   first reported picking of a Bramah lock was by A. C. Hobbs at the 1851 Great
   Exhibition.

   The Supra-C is often used in keysafes and has a cylindrical key with
   internally milled bittings that depress the wafers. These locks are often
   made or cast with soft metals and are easily drilled.

Bricard

   (F) XBD1 7-disc tumbler, 3-sided key (4)

   The key has a "T" profile with 7-8 bittings along each of the 3 sides. The
   neck of the key has a smaller diameter than the blades. The plug consists
   of a stack of 7 preformed circular plastic inserts inside a fixed brass
   barrel. Each insert houses a disc wafer that is ball-driven by the key. The
   assembly of barrel and plug is mounted inside a fixed shell that is plated
   to resist drilling. The keyway is such that the key blades are obscured by
   the shell when the key is turned, and this makes picking/tensioning
   difficult. Each wafer disc can have any one of 3 possible orientations,
   corresponding to the key blade which will displace it. There are several
   different sizes of cut. Mastering is accomplished by using extra bitting
   cuts, with 7 being the minimum and 21 the maximum number in total. The wafers
   may have "V" notches, similar to the anti-picking notches in conventional
   wafer-tumbler locks, which catch the bevelled edge of the barrel if
   incorrectly aligned, thwarting a picking attempt.

Bricard Bloctout

   (F) BD100 14-wafer tumbler, 2-bladed key (3)

   Essentially a wafer-tumbler lock with closely-spaced, free-sliding wafers.
   The key consists of two blades pressed together, the bittings are staggered
   and have constant width. The wafers are arranged in 7 pairs and have a
   constant height cut on one inside face and a larger cut on the other which
   bypasses one blade of the key. In each pair, one wafer is straddled by the
   left and one by the right side of the key blade. The last few wafers are
   sprung so that they stay put when the key is removed, the other wafers being
   loose in their chambers. Picking is difficult since there is less tactile
   feedback than in a lock with sprung wafers.

   (See American.)

Central

   (F) 7-pin pump, 8-fin key (4)
   FTH (F)
   JPM 505 (F) 5JM1 5-pin pump, 6-fin key (4)
   Pollux (F) 5PX1

   These locks all have pump-type keys with a cylindrical central stem and
   several radial pins. Bittings are milled into the end of the pins, and these
   depress the pump pins to the appropriate depth. One fin has a larger
   width/diameter than the others and this is what provides turning tension and
   locates the key in the keyway. The pump pins are constrained to slide in a
   channel under spring action. The pins are slotted around their circumference
   in such a way that, when correctly depressed, the slot aligns with a blocking
   plate fixed in the body of the lock. When all slots are so aligned, the plug
   can rotate. False depth slots are provided to hinder picking. As in Bricard
   locks etc., the keyway is such that the the larger fin or bit is obscured by
   the shell of the lock when the key is turned, making tensioning by external
   means difficult. So, unlike common tubular locks (GEM, etc), the pins do not
   remain accessible as the core of the lock rotates. Presumably some picking
   tool exists for this kind of lock, but the presence of incorrect notches in
   the pins would make picking considerably harder.
   
   Central locks have an armoured collar that surrounds the cylinder and
   prevents it from being sawed off.

   (See Bramah.)

Chubb

   (UK) CHC 5-lever, single-bitted (3-4)

   The original lever lock, traceable to inventions by Barron and Chubb (late
   18th century) seeking to make the warded-key lock more secure. Key bittings
   raise the 5 (or more) levers or detainers to the correct height and drive the
   bolt stump through the gate. Gates and stump have mating "V" grooves to
   hinder picking. A "curtain" or rotating sleeve restricts access to the
   interior of the lock and makes tensioning/picking difficult. Mastering is
   accomplished by widening the lever gatings, at the expense of some security.
   Hardened steel plates resist drilling of the casing. The bolt has hardened
   roller inserts to prevent sawing. The lock can be picked (or rather decoded)
   using a special jig or it may be impressioned. Picking with standard lever
   picks is difficult when notched gatings are present. May also feature a
   "detector" lever which jams all the levers when over-raised.

   There is an interesting episode in the history of the lever lock, concerning
   a convict reputed to be the best lock picker in England. The UK crown had
   offered a reward to anyone who could design an unpickable lock. In 1818
   J. Chubb designed the detector lever lock. The convict was given a full set
   of picking tools and offered a free pardon should he succeed. He finally gave
   up in desperation after three months and served out his jail term.

Chubb AVA

   (UK) ACH 10-lever, double-bitted (4-5)

   The AVA lock comprises a cylindrical shell (c.f. Abloy) which is slotted down
   two sides and housed in the cylinder body. The levers are roughly circular
   with two rectangular protrusions, and hole in the centre for the keyway.
   Levers are stacked 10 high in the shell and can slide transversally. The 
   shell is sprung from below, pressing the levers up and against the body of
   the lock, and retained by a cover with a concealed C clip. The levers are
   not sprung. The key has a cylindrical stem with a narrow double bit that
   extends most of the length of the stem. The keyway cover is fixed, creating
   a ward that traps the key as it is turned. This makes it difficult to tension
   the levers in the case of picking. Bittings have a constant width from one
   side to the other but vary in offset. The respective bittings displace the
   levers either to the left or right as the key is turned. When all 10 levers
   have been fully retracted into the shell, it is free to rotate, thus
   releasing the locking balls (in a padlock) or driving a cam (in a latch).
   Each lever has notches that will jam against the sides of the slots in the
   shell if not correctly retracted.

Code

   (?) 6-pin pump, ribbed key(2)

   Code padlocks and cylinder locks have a rectangular keyway with 3 channels
   milled on each long side. Pump pins are arranged in the channels and
   depressed by the corresponding slats on the key. When each pump pin is
   aligned at the correct depth, they clear the locking ring and allow the plug
   to turn in the cylinder. Unlike radially symmetric pump pin locks, the Code
   lock has no fixed covering on the keyway so that the pins are always exposed.
   This renders the lock more susceptible to picking.

   (See Couillet, Vachette.)

Codem

   (F) 5-pin-tumbler, H-profile key (2)

   The codem lock cylinder is a standard size euro-profile cylinder with an
   H-shaped keyway. There are 5 conventional pin-tumblers in one line along one
   side of the H. Keyway access is restricted as compared with standard
   pin-tumbler locks. The key is symmetric and can be inserted either way round.

Corbin Emhart

   (US) CB20 6 pin-tumbler, at key with angled bittings (5)

   An ingenious pin-tumbler lock using 6 specially constructed,
   rotating-interlocking upper and lower pins. The driver pins are cut to form
   a "T" at the bottom which mates snugly with a T-shaped gap in the top of the
   lower pin. The active end of the lower pins are V-shaped with the axis of the
   "V" aligned at one of number of possible angles with respect to the "T" cut
   at the top. The base of the T-shaped cut in the lower pins must be raised to
   the shear line and also rotated to the correct angle by the angled bittings 
   in the key so that they can disengage from the driver pins. Since the top of
   the T-section protrudes past the shear line, grooves must be milled in the
   circumference of the plug to allow clearance for the pins. In addition, the
   bottom edge of the key must have crenellations so that it will not be
   obstructed by the driver pins as it turns through 180 degrees. The plug also
   contains hardened rods and a drill-resistant crescent to hamper drilling of 
   the cylinder.

   For further details refer to chapter 9 of Roper.

Couillet

   (F) CU401 6 lever pump, end-bitted at key (3)
   Vachette VAC 45 (F) 6 lever pump

   These locks are mainly found in padlocks and use a at, end-bitted key to
   depress levers located at the bottom of a rectangular keyway. All 6 levers
   must be depressed simultaneously the correct amount in order to open the
   shackle. No turning is required.

   (See Code Locks.)

Deny

   (F) 5DY1 warded 3 lever, symmetric double-bitted (2-3)

   The Deny lever lock is a very unusual lock. The core of the lock is fixed and
   is constructed with a stack of pressed steel laminations. The laminations are
   cut away in places to leave room for 3 levers mounted on rods. Other
   laminations form the intricate internal warding of the cylinder. The key is
   symmetric and double-bitted, with as many as a dozen cuts in each side. The
   only active parts of the key are those that contact a lever inside the core.
   These bits must be sufficiently long to actuate the levers, which occurs in
   a particular sequence due to the positioning of the rods around the core.
   The rods pass through the back part of the core to a chamber whose entry is
   blocked by a movable cover. The cover is held fast by two interlocking
   latches fixed to the rods, with the last rod arranged to rotate the cover
   once the latches have been displaced by turning the key through 90 degrees.
   With the cover rotated by a first 90 degree turn of the key, the key is in
   a position to slide through the gate and into the chamber. The stem of the
   key must then be long enough to enable the bit to engage a locking cam at
   the rear of the cylinder, which is slotted so that the key will turn it once
   introduced. The difficulty in opening a lock such as this is in locating the
   active parts, i.e., the levers, and operating them in sequence to access the
   gate. The lock may be defeated by impressioning, and a fair portion of the
   warding is visible in the keyway.

DOM IX

   (D) DM22 10 pin-tumbler, horizontal keyway (4-5)
   Spider (IL) SPR1
   Tesa (E) TE4
   Yard-Yardeni (IL) YD3R

   The DOM IX lock is recognisable by its horizontal keyway. There are two rows
   of five pins which protrude vertically into the keyway. The two rows of pins
   are staggered. The plug and barrel can contain up to 5 hardened roller
   inserts and a ball to protect against drilling. Often the active end of the
   lower pins is cut away on both sides, leaving only a thin wedge which is
   operated by indentations in the key blade. The lower pins come in 5 different
   lengths, so that the number of key differs is nominally 9.7*10^6, not
   counting profiling options. Driver pins are tear-drop in cross section (so
   they cannot rotate in the pin chambers) and come in several styles including
   hardened pin cores, spool drivers and even special stacked-spool drivers of
   multi-disc construction that can skew at several different shear lines and
   block the plug.

   DOM IX-10 cylinders have up to 10 profile control pins in addition to the 10
   pin-tumbler pairs. These are arranged as 5 vertical and 5 lateral control
   pins. Lateral control pins act on one edge of the key blade and the key must
   have corresponding dimple cuts to allow the pins room to retract and clear
   the shear line as the plug is turned. Vertical control pins act in the centre
   of the underside of the key. The key is symmetric and 3 of its 4 sides are
   active simultaneously when it is inserted. In addition the keyway has many
   variations in the warding to control keyway access. The profile pins do not
   increase the lock's resistance to picking, they are an adjunct to the fixed
   keyway warding. 

   The DOM IX-5 cylinder uses a single row of 5 pin-tumblers plus up to 10
   vertical/lateral profile control pins. In the space formerly occupied by the
   second row of pin-tumblers bittings, there is a longitudinal channel in the
   key with a hole bored through the blade between the 4th and 5th pin 
   positions. A steel ball is mounted in this hole and is free to move a limited
   distance either side of the key blade. The plug contains a fixed pin or ward
   (the ball-de ection pin) which slots into the corresponding channel of the
   key as it is inserted. Behind this fixed pin is a movable blocking pin that
   must be raised to enable plug rotation. The keyway in the vicinity of the
   blocking pin is enlarged slightly to form a ball-de ection chamber. The ball
   in the key blade is able to manoeuvre under the first fixed pin (and into the
   ball-de ection chamber) and reposition itself in the channel so as to raise
   the blocking pin. The mode of operation is similar to what happens when a
   feeler pick is used to raise a single pin. Clearly a fixed-blade key cannot
   change its width to mimic this effect.
   
   DOM even makes a split-bladed key for safety deposit boxes, requiring both
   halves of the key to be inserted to open the lock. All said, this is a very
   nice lock design.

EVVA GPI

   (A) EV9 5 pin-tumbler, security keyway (3-4)
   ASSA (SW) ASS4 7-pin
   Best (US) BES1 6-pin (removable core)
   Cisa (I) CS17 5-pin
   DOM S (D) DM65-00 6-pin
   Russwin (US) RW11 6-pin
   Sargent (US) SAR3 6-pin
   Teka (SW) TK3 6-pin
   Tok-Winkhaus (D) TO18 5-pin
   Vachette (F) VAC48 5-pin
   Wilka (D) WK50R 5-pin
   Yale (D,UK,US,I) 5 - 7-pin
   Zeiss Ikon (D) ZE11 6-pin

   Although these are essentially conventional pin-tumbler locks (based on the
   Yale lock of the mid 1800s), they incorporate some serious security features.
   These include very severe keyway warding that makes the insertion of normal
   lockpicks very difficult; hardened inserts in plug and cylinder body,
   mushroom drivers; and up to 7 pins. Access control is achieved using high
   precision multiple side wards.

   The DOM S 5-pin profile cylinder, for example, uses torpedo-shaped (tapered)
   anti-picking lower pins as well as stacked-disc spool drivers. These drivers
   consist of a casing pin that houses 4 independent discs. Each of these can
   jam across the shear line in the same way as an ordinary spool driver. There
   are a total of 1024 profile variations on the keyway, allowing a very high
   level of mastering and access control.

Ezcurra

   (E) 5EZ1 lever, double-bitted (3-4)
   Elzett (H) 7308E
   Kromer (D) 10-lever, double-bitted
   Mottura (I) MT
   MultiFort (F) 6-lever, double locking
   Nova Acytra (Arg) 6-lever, double locking

   Key bittings have constant width measured across both bits. Lock has 4 or
   more alternating sprung lever plates each with a gate at a certain height.
   In locks that may be opened from either side of door, the centre bitting
   operates the bolt. The lock has 4 or more alternating levers with the centre
   bitting operating the bolt.

Fac

   (E) FAC1R 5 + 5 pin-tumbler, single sided (3)

   Like two standard pin-tumbler locks set end to end. The key is single-sided
   and has space for 10 bittings.

Fichet "sans souci"

   (F) 6FT12 10-lever, two bit key (4-5)
   
   The first time I saw a key for one of these locks, I thought it was a joke. 
   The key has two separate bittings, each like a conventional 5-lever (Chubb)
   key, which have a combined length of about 4cm. You're doing well if you can
   fit the  key in your pocket. The bittings are mirror images, so that the key
   may be used from either side of the lock. I imagine that the lock consists of
   two 5-lever locks, set one behind the other, that are opened simultaneously
   by the two key bittings. I'm not sure if the two parts of the lock are
   independent. By the way "sans souci" is French for "no worries".

Fichet

   (F) 5FT1 6-lever, double-bitted (3-4)

   The lock has 6 or more crescent-shaped (horse shoe) levers mounted on a rotor
   that form a system of interlocking cams. The levers are sprung at one end and 
   arranged in two stacks. Each lever can pivot about its midpoint and 
   interlocks with the lever that opposes it. The key is double-bitted,
   non-symmetric and has constant width bittings. The end of the key bit
   actuates the bolt. Underlifting a lever causes it to block against one of two
   stumps in the lock housing. Over-lifting causes the horse-shoe arms of the
   opposing levers to jam, preventing the key from turning further. The correct
   key withdraws all the levers, such that they clear the two stumps and allow
   the plug assembly to turn.

Fichet

   (F) FT500 10-wafer twin side-bar, H-profile key (4-5)

   The plug has 2 rows of 5 alternately sprung discs that counter-rotate when
   they are ball-driven by the key. Notches in the discs when aligned permit 
   retraction of the twin side-bars and rotation of plug within cylinder. 
   Anti-drill balls may be installed at vertex of the keyway and on the
   side-bar ends. False-depth notches on the wafers hamper picking. If you
   want a look at one of these, try the local French Embassy. Unfortunately,
   these interesting locks seem to be obsolete now, like many locks that do
   not conform to the popular euro-profile dimensions, or are otherwise not
   easily adapted.

   (See Fichet Surfinor.)

Fichet Surfinor

   (F) FT4 7-wafer side-bar, M-profile key (4)

   Similar principle of operation to the Fichet FT500. The key is double-sided 
   and has an M-shaped profile. Viewing the key with the "M" lying on its left 
   side, viz. *E, there are 4 cuts on the lower edge and 3 cuts on the top edge. 
   The plug holds 7 wafers, each with a large centre cut-out that can move in a 
   vertical plane and are alternately sprung (4 from below and 3 from above).
   Along the left hand edge of the plug there are two channels. Each of these
   contains a long strip, of which one is fixed and the other movable. The
   movable strip is sprung out from the plug. Two saddle pieces are arranged on
   the ends of the strips, and a side-bar rod is balanced in the central notch
   of each saddle. The left edge of each wafer is notched, and when all 7
   notches are correctly aligned by the key, the movable strip retracts into
   the channel as the side-bar is forced from its groove in the side of the
   barrel. Some of the wafers may have false-depth notches to inhibit picking.

Fichet-Bauche

   (F) radial pin-tumbler, 8-fin key (3)

   A radial pin-tumbler lock with 8 pins arranged in two rings of four pins. The 
   keyway has the shape of an 8-pointed star, and the key has 8 corresponding
   pins arranged on a circular stem that tapers to a point at the end. One key 
   fin is wider than the others and this is used to locate the key correctly in
   the lock. Each channel of the keyway contains a ball-driven radial
   pin-tumbler pair that must be depressed the correct amount to allow the plug
   to rotate. The plug and barrel are covered by a fixed shell that only allows
   the key to be inserted and retracted in one position. This also increases the
   difficulty of tensioning the plug during picking.

Fichet 5000

   (F) 10 lever pump, end-bitted (5)
   Fichet-Bauche (F) 6 lever pump, end-bitted (4-5)
   ISEO (I) 5IE5 lever pump, end-bitted/E-profile keyway (4-5)
   Mottura (I) MT2 lever pump, end-bitted/ at key (4-5)

   The Fichet 5000 is the successor to the Fichet FT500 and may be found 
   adorning the doors of expensive Paris apartments. The key stem is
   butt-joined onto the bit which has 10 lever cuts on each side. The plug is
   protected by a fixed cover which conceals the bit when the key is turned.

   The Fichet-Bauche 6-lever pump lock is sometimes used in safes. The key is 
   bit is butt-joined to the stem, but is slightly off centre, so the key may
   only be inserted one way. The end of the key has 6 cuts at a 45 degree angle
   to varying depths. The lock mechanism is mounted inside a domed housing, with
   a long barrel that extends to the front of the lock and forms a protective
   cover over for the keyway. The key bit depresses a set of parallel bars that
   extend down the barrel to the rear of the lock. Each bar operates a rocker
   arm whose other end is semi-circular and contains a notch. When all the
   notches are aligned, the bolt stump moves under spring action into the groove
   in the rockers. The bolt will then clear the housing and allows the plug
   assembly to turn. As in Fichet FT500 locks, the locking dog that drives the
   cam is in a retracted position until the key is inserted. There may be false
   depth notches in the rockers which jam the bolt stump.

   Mottura (MT2), Fichet (FT7), ISEO (5IE5), YALE (5YA1), Autori, Megablock etc. 
   all have end-bitted keys and are similar to Fichet-Bauche except that the 
   bitting cuts are perpendicular to the blade rather than at an angle.

   (See J. J. Muel.)

Head
   
   (RC) HEA1R 5-pin + 4 profile pin, at key (2)

   As well as the usual row of 5 pin-tumblers at the top of the keyway, an 
   additional 4 profile pins project into the keyway from the right hand side.
   The key is single sided with bittings in the top of the blade and dimples in
   one side that address the profile pins. Despite the presence of side pins,
   the lock is not difficult to pick due to the poor quality of construction.

Helason

   (A) 5HS2 4-sided pin-tumbler, round key (4)
   YBU (J) 10-pin radial, tubular (3)
   Prefer (I) PF10TP

   The Helason cylinder lock has 4 rows of 4 pins (16 in total) arranged 
   symmetrically in a cylindrical keyway. The keyway has a shallow notch to
   guide a locating fin in the key. The key itself is round and has 4 rows of
   at-bottomed V-cuts in the stem. Each ring of four pins is at the same depth
   and fills the small keyway, so there is little room for a lockpick.

   The YBU lock is used on security shutters and has a symmetric key that can be 
   inserted from either side of the lock. There are 5 rows of 2 pins arranged 
   radially around the keyway. The key is tubular with dimples cut in 5 rows of
   4 (only 10 of which are active when opening the lock). A small recess in the
   end of the key accepts a stud protruding into the keyway that is used to turn
   the plug.

Ingersoll

   (UK) ING1 10-lever, double-sided (4-5)

   Ingersoll "impregnable" locks have a W-shaped keyway anked by what appear to
   be ordinary wafer tumblers. The key is double-sided with non-symmetric cuts
   that are staggered from top to bottom. The wafers drive semi-circular levers
   arranged around the plug. Each of the ten wafers must be raised so that the
   levers are ush with the plug, allowing it to turn. The rotation of the plug
   is heavily damped, so that very little vibration feeds back to the picker
   while tensioning the lock. Ingersoll padlocks are extremely large and rugged,
   with a suitably thick, ball-locking shackle. 

   A local locksmith once told me that an expert lock picker took 3 hours to
   pick one of these during a professional demonstration.

Kaba Quattro

   (CH) KA1 22 pin-tumblers in 4 rows, dimple key (3-4)
   Kaba Gemini (CH) KA5 14 pin-tumblers in 3 rows, dimple key (3-4)
   Keso 2000 (CH) KE1
   Efco Kaba (AUS) KA1
   Lips (NL) LP11
   Sargent (US) KE4
   JPM 2002 2x5 pin-tumbler
   Showa X-Key 2x5 pin-tumbler (3)
   Vachette Radial Si (F) VAC91 (3-4)

   The Kaba series of locks are pin-tumbler locks with between 2 and 4 rows of 
   pins protruding about half a key width into the keyway. Concentrating on the 
   Kaba Quattro, this has 4 rows of pins arranged in an "X" around the top part
   of the keyway. Vachette Radial is similar, but the rows of pins are clustered 
   around the top right hand side of the keyway, spanning an angle of about 130 
   degrees, and the pins are smaller in diameter. The key is reversible, so that
   it can be inserted either way round to operate the lock, and is covered with
   small depressions called "dimples". Counting anti-clockwise from the bottom
   right row, there are 5, 6, 5, 6 pins per row, totalling 22. Lower pins come
   in 5 different lengths (from 0.126" to 0.182" in increments of 0.014") and 
   are anged at the top end so that they cannot fall into the keyway. The pins
   are extremely short and made of stainless steel. Since the overall diameter
   of the barrel is comparable to the standard profile cylinder, there's not
   much room for drivers and springs. For this reason, the drivers are hollow
   caps with an internal spring. Some of the lower pins may be spooled to render
   the already delicate job of picking more difficult.

   The pins, drivers and springs are inserted into the core and then covered by 
   a thin metal retaining sleeve. Kaba Gemini has three rows of pins: one at the 
   top of the keyway and two opposing rows further down. The Japanese X-lock has 
   only two opposing rows of 5 pins. 

   The keyway is basically rectangular, with perhaps a couple of shallow side
   wards. Mastering is accomplished by replacing some of the lower pins by blank
   tumblers that are at the shear line and so do not need to be lifted (in fact
   they do not extend into the keyway at all). This compromises slightly the
   security of the lock by reducing the number of active pins. 

   These locks can be picked using special tools, but very light tension is 
   required so that pins do not bind at the wrong height. Once picked, care must
   be taken not to allow some of the driver pins to spring into the keyway when
   the plug is turned through 180 degrees.

Laperche

   (F) 5LH1 5 wafer pump, round-stem key (4)
   Progres Fontaine (F) 5PE5 5 wafer pump (4)
   Vigie Picard (F) 5VP3 5 wafer pump (4)

   These locks are all loosely based on the Bramah lock. The key bittings are 
   milled into the end of the key stem, with adjacent cuts overlapping somewhat, 
   such that at least some part of the stem is left to actuate the wafers. 
   Turning tension is provided by a bit or fin in the key. The pump pins or 
   wafers are constrained to slide in a channel and must be depressed to the
   appropriate depths to allow the plug to rotate. As in Bricard, Chubb AVA
   locks etc., the keyway is such that the bit is obscured by the shell of
   the lock when the key is turned, making tensioning by external means
   difficult. Vigie Picard locks have additional wards formed by two balls
   that jut into the keyway from either side. These also keep the key and pump
   wafers at the correct depth as the plug is turned.

LCA

   (US) 8 torsion-tumbler, at key (2)
   
   LCA (Lock Corporation of America) locks use a double-sided at key to operate
   8 torsion-tumblers. The tumblers are unconventional in that they are housed
   in a cylindrical shell and have a semi- circular edge which acts as a spring
   as it compresses against the shell. The wafers resemble schlage
   wafer-tumblers in shape, except that they are not sprung. The wafers have a
   protrusion which normally blocks the rotation of the plug. The correct key
   retracts all 8 wafers into the plug which is then free to turn. LCA also
   make conventional at-key lever locks, as commonly used in lockers.

Lockwood V7

   (Aus) 7-pin cylinder, alternately sloped bittings (2-3)

   Like its name, the V7 has a 7 pin-tumbler cylinder. Pins are arranged on 
   alternate sides of a "V" along the top of the keyway. The key has 4 bittings
   on a 30 degree slope to the right and 3 on the reverse slope to the left.
   Warding makes keyway access to picks difficult as well as the negotiating of
   the "V" groove.

Medeco Biaxial

   (US) 6 - 7 pin-tumbler + side-bar, angled bittings (4-5)
   Medeco (US) 4-pin side-bar, angled bittings (4-5)

   Medeco locks come in two basic avours. The bi-axial, which uses 6-7 upper and 
   lower pins and a side-bar, and a smaller-bodied version using only 4 lower
   pins and a side-bar. Both versions have a UL rating. Externally, Medeco
   cylinders look like ordinary pin-tumbler cylinders, except for the V-shaped
   bottoms on the lower pins. Both types are high security locks, utilising
   hardened inserts (ball, crescents and rollers) to resist drilling.

   The 6-pin Medeco uses slotted lower pins, spooled drivers, optional mastering 
   pins, and a 6-bar side-bar. The pins must simultaneously be raised to the
   shear line and rotated (to one of three or more angles) in order to engage
   the side-bar. Lower pins have a fin which limits the range of rotation within
   the pin chamber. The slots in the lower pins are sometimes visible in the
   keyway, allowing limited reading of the lock.

   For further details refer to chapter 8 of Roper.

   The 4-pin Medeco is like the larger 6-pin version without the driver pins.
   Instead, pins are sprung directly from within the plug, which has a retaining
   clip covering the pin chambers. Pins are limited in their angle of rotation,
   and have one or more holes machined radially into the side. For each pin, the
   hole in the pin must be raised and rotated the correct amount to align with 
   the corresponding side-bar extrusion (or fence). Once all pins are correctly
   lifted and oriented, the side-bar is forced into the plug (against spring
   action) as the key is turned. The principle of operation is similar to that
   of the BiLock. False depth holes in the pins, or grooved pins, cause the
   side-bar posts to stick, effectively locking up the mechanism and rendering
   picking extremely difficult.

Miwa

   (J) MIW1 10 wafer-tumbler, at double-sided (1-2)
   Schlage (US) SH1 wafer-tumbler, at double-sided (1)

   Schlage wafer locks have 8 semicircular wafers arranged linearly in a tubular
   shell in the barrel of the lock. The wafers protrude above or below the rim
   of the shell and must be simultaneously retracted by the double-sided key
   (which is at apart from a central gutter) in order for the plug to turn. Miwa
   locks can house up to 10 wafer-tumblers and are precisely machined. Some 
   wafers have a reduced width end that hampers picking since it will not
   contact the barrel at the same time as the other wafers when tension is
   applied.

J. J. Muel

   (F) M1 1-7 lever pump, end-bitted (4-5)
   Vak "Genius" (F) M7-1 10-lever pump, end-bitted key + chip (5)

   The Muel "incrochetable" (French for "unpickable") lock has a rectangular 
   keyway concealing a row of between 6 and 10 pump-type levers. These are
   placed like teeth across the width of the keyway. Each lever is at at the
   rear end with a deep notch to accommodate the bolt stump. The levers are
   pivoted see-saw style across the square plug, with a their smoothly curved,
   active end and sprung from below. The key is end bitted with cuts at a 45 
   degree angle to the blade to pick up the curved end of the levers. The key
   blade is not reduced at the neck (unlike Fichet-Bauche end-bitted keys). Key
   cuts can be on either side, to suit the orientation of the levers, which are
   reversible. Additionally, a pitted cut in the key accepts a single scoop-type
   lever which would be over-raised by a normal angled bitting. The cut for the
   scoop lever requires a special machine to cut it, and thus keys are supplied
   by the dealer with this cut already in place (i.e., a dealer perm). The end
   bittings of the key raise the levers as the key is inserted. A side bit on
   the key limits the insertion depth, at which point the levers should be in
   the desired configuration. Further force pushes the plug assembly toward the
   bolt stump, against a very strong spring. The side bit in  the key keeps the
   plug pushed in while it is turned. Small jags on either side of the notch
   (like those in a Chubb lock) will trap a mating V-notch in the bolt stump if
   the levers are not correctly aligned. The amount of force required to keep
   the plug at the depth where it meets the bolt stump, together with the 
   anti-pick notches, makes picking this lock very hard. The French claim it is 
   unpickable.

   The VAK "Genius" is a 10-lever pump Muel cylinder with a microchip in the key
   stem. A set of pads on the key make an electrical connection when the key is
   inserted, and the information burnt into the chip is then read electronically
   by lock (like the smart cards used in public telephones). In my opinion, this
   one is a complete overkill, as the mechanical part of the lock is essentially
   redundant.

   (See Fichet-Bauche.)

Mul-T-Lock

   (IL) MTK1 10 pin-tumbler (concentric), horizontal keyway (4-5)

   The Mul-T-Lock, like the DOM IX, has a horizontal keyway. There is a single 
   vertical row of what look like five fat pins located close to the right hand 
   edge of the keyway. These are actually concentric (or coaxial) pin pairs
   which function totally independently, bringing the pin tally to 10. The key
   is symmetric and can be used both ways round. There may be longitudinal wards 
   anking the pins on each side, making it hard to manipulate the pins. Each pin 
   pair consists of an inner pin with its own (mushroom) driver and spring 
   operating inside a hollow outer pin. The outer driver is capped at the top to 
   house the inner pin spring and may also be spooled. The spooled drivers make
   the lock extremely hard to pick, as keyway access is already limited. As is
   the norm in high security locks, the front of the plug and cylinder contain
   hardened steel rollers to defeat direct drilling. The key is especially hard
   to duplicate since some of the inner pins may have to be raised above the
   level needed by the outer pins. This creates a bump in the centre of the main
   at-bottomed cut for the outer pin that requires a special machine to cut the
   key. The lock is susceptible to front shimming if the lip of the plug is 
   ground down.

Rivers

   (UK) 6 pin-tumbler, extended-stem (2-3)
   Wally (I) KK1 9-pin, extended-stem (3-4)

   Rivers locks usually have a dummy key-in-knob at the front which is free to 
   turn. The key is unusually long and must be inserted past the handle part to 
   reach the pins at the rear of the lock. There are typically 6 pins in the 
   cylinder, which is geared to retract heavy bolts set in channels at the back
   of the door. When the correct key is inserted, it links the handle to the
   plug and enables the bolts to be withdrawn by turning the handle. The active
   part of the lock can be reached with suciently long picks and tensioner.

Schlage Primus

   (US) 6-pin + side-bar, dealer perm key (4-5)

   A standard schlage 6-pin cylinder supplemented by a row of 5 profile pins on 
   one side of the key blade. The indentations in the side of the key are 
   grooved to depress and rotate the pins to allow side-bar posts to slot in.
   The vertical pins must of course be at the shear line at the same time as
   the side-bar is retracted.

   A description of a Schlage Primus cylinder was posted in article 2686
   (Date: 19 Nov 1993 17:24:03 EST) of alt.locksmithing by "Hobbit" 
   (e-mail: hobbit@babyoil.ftp.com).

Sea

   (CH) SEB1 bar-tumbler, 4 track key (3-4)
   Hasler (D)
   Bell (US) 2-track key (3-4)
   Vachette (F) VAC41 1-track key (3)

   Sea locks contains 6 or more alternating bar-tumblers (like a wafer-tumbler 
   cut lengthways in two) arranged on both left and right sides of the keyway. 
   The bars are sprung either from above or below and have a peg that protrudes
   to about 1/3 of the width of the keyway. The key is a 4-track type with two
   milled grooves in each side of the blade. The grooves diverge at the end of
   the track so as to pick up the pegs as the key is inserted. The pegs are
   lowered or raised by the track and all must be aligned with the rim of the
   plug to allow it to rotate.

   Bell locks have two tracks, and Vachette (VAC41) a single track. Both of
   these operate in the same way as the Sea lock. The bars do not actually need
   to be sprung, as they are constrained by the track in the key. A special pick
   is required for these locks.

Tok-Winkhaus

   (D) TO11 5 + 5-pin, dealer perm (3-4)
   Vachette 2000 (F) RO41 5 + 5-pin, dealer perm (3)

   Winkhaus and Vachette locks look deceptively like conventional pin-tumbler 
   cylinders. However, in addition to the severe warding on the keyway, there
   are 5 cleverly concealed profile control pins (dealer perm). In Vachette
   locks, there are 2 conrol pins on the lower left and 3 on the lower right
   side of the keyway, distributed between the 2nd and 5th pin-tumblers
   (counting from front to back). The profile pins are ball driven and are of
   a smaller diameter than the main pin-tumblers. The bore for each profile pin
   is drilled parallel to the conventional pins, but off the main axis of the
   plug, so that it cuts through the warding into one side of the keyway. 
   A control rod with tapered ends rests atop the ball, and is raised when the
   profile ball is displaced by the profile notches in the key. The rods must
   be raised slightly (in varying degrees) to bring the driver pins to the shear
   line. The off-axis driver pins are cylindrical with at ends, unlike DOM IX 
   pins which have a curved surface that matches the curvature of the plug.

   Since the control rods are not centrally located in the plug, only rods on 
   one side will be active depending on the direction of opening (the other rods 
   will slide under the drivers as the plug is turned, as long as they are not 
   over-raised) - this is a slight aid in picking the lock. Despite this, it is 
   a difficult job picking the profile pins to allow the top pins to be picked -
   there is very little room to manoeuvre.

Zeiss Ikon

   (D) XZ1A 16 pin-tumbler, cruciform key (1-2)
   Moreaux (F) XM1
   Papaiz (BR) XPZ1
   Tuff (HK) XTF3

   Moreaux and Zeiss Ikon locks have a cruciform keyway in which there are 
   between 3 and 4 rows of pins (up to 4 pins per row). One of the channels is 
   usually wider than the others and this locates the thicker part of the key 
   blade. The key is bitted on 3 or 4 sides as appropriate. With ordinary pins, 
   these locks are not difficult to pick, although a double-sided tension wrench 
   may be needed. Sometimes these locks are used in safes, in which case the 
   lock is set a long way back and the key has an extended stem.

Zenith

   (F) 7-pin tubular, pronged key (2-3)
   Izis Arnov 5-pin tubular, pronged key (2)

   Basically a glorified ACE/GEM tubular lock. The pins, which are push-type, 
   are ush with the front of the barrel and are depressed by prongs on the key.
   The turning force is provided by the key prongs themselves, making it hard to 
   tension the lock. In Izis Arnov locks, a hole in the plug, at the centre of 
   the circle formed by the pins, accepts the stem of the key which also has a
   locating fin to do the tensioning.

Zenith Cavith

   (F) 5-pin pump + 3 pin-tumbler (4)

   See description for Central locks. The only extra is the presence of 3 
   standard radial pin-tumblers in the groove occupied by the locating fin of
   the key. The key has bittings on one fin to fit the side pins while the other
   pins are cut to depress the pump pins to the correct depths. The radial pins
   seem to be an unnecessary add-on to an already well-designed lock.

Magnetic/Electronic/Combination Locks

   Anker (F) magnetic
   Card-Key
   Cor Key (US)
   Cyphalok
   DKS (AUS) 12 magnets per side
   Elzett (magnetic) + profile ball
   EVVA MCS (A) 4-magnet + control pins (at 3 angles)
   GEC Guestkey (UK) 8 binary bittings/side
   Lockwood Digital
   Maglock
   Marlock+(US)
   Miwa (J) + profile ball 2x4 magnet
   Monoblok (F) + profile ball
   NT magnetic cylinder lock (8 per side)
   Omnicard (card lock)
   Schlage Magnetic entrance set
   Simplex+
   Vendpass card lock
   Ving card+

   + A description of these locks has appeared in Hobbit's directory on ftp.com
     /hobbit/ amage/mine/hotel.lox

Car Locks

   Toyota (Lexus, Landcruiser) (c.f. Bell, Sea)
   Ford EB (AUS) FO21P (c.f. Abus. Abloy, Chubb SMI)
   Ford Tibbe (D) FO19P
   Giobert S.A.F.E. (I) GT2
   GM Holden VN Commodore (AUS) GM9 HUF YMOS (D) OPEL YM27 inverted 2-sided
   10-wafer
   Mercedes 2 track (D) HUF YMOS (D) HU39P symmetric bilateral wafer
   Mercedes 4 track
   BMW (D)
   Renault 20TS, Errebi (F), Vachette VAC64S, Neiman NE33S (c.f. Helason)
   double-sided round-stem key
   Porsche HUF symmetric bilateral wafer 45 degree
   Neiman (D, F, J, UK, US) NE55 hole in blade, NE20 warded

Unknown

   Alke (I) ALK1 (looks like red phone key - lever + pin)
   DUO (3-sided wafer)
   O. Novox (F) ON1, Decayeux, DAD (F) DD1 precut, square (not tapered) end
   MSV (P) MSV1, SOFER (P) SOF1 - centre ward, double blade
   Perino (I) PN1, IMSI (PG)
   GEM + 5 (US) 7-pin tubular with embedded 5-pin at key
   Monarch shutter (grooved wafer) (like American) MCM, Mondragon MC3
   Takigen (J)
   Yale (UK) YA101 (mail box)
   Other Locks
   Pay Phone Locks
   Post Office Box
   Safety Deposit Box Locks
   Safes

c 1994 by Graham W. Pulford
Please distribute this document without modification.
Send any comments, corrections, and suggestions for improvements to:
Graham Pulford
gwp@mullian.ee.mu.oz.au