





     --------------------------------------------------------------------
      TC PUBLICATIONS  --  APRIL 29, 1991  --  "Master Combination Locks"
     --------------------------------------------------------------------
     
                           MASTER COMBINATION LOCKS
     
          Almost all combination locks, including safe locks, operate on
     the same basic principle.  The dial is turned to a preselected
     series of numbers that line up the unlocking mechanism and allow the
     lock to open.  People always lose the combinations for these locks.
          If you have a thorough knowledge of the construction of this
     type of lock you can usually open them quite easily and determine
     the combination.  There are four methods commonly used to open
     combination locks, I will briefly discuss all four.
          The first method is called manipulation, which is a highly
     skilled field of locksmithng that ver few are able to master.  Safe
     and combination lock manipulation is a specialized field of the
     locksmith trade.  The type of locks that you will usually run into
     are the cheap inexpensive ones which aren't worth the time to
     manipulate.  Generally manipulation is not even a last resort;
     generally manipulation is always ignored.
          A common method of opening is to drill a small hole in the case
     to trip the locking mechanism, or read the combination.  Some locks
     can be opened by rapping the case with a soft face hammer or wooden
     mallet.  Others can be opened by codes, but only if you have a code
     book.  
          I highly suggest buying a master padlock and peeling the back
     cover off of it to reveal the internal mechanisms.  You should be
     able to identify:  the shackle, locking pawl, locking dog, and three
     tumbler gates.  Each manufacturer will have some variation of the
     actual construction, however, they all operate in almost the same
     manner.
     
                                   DRILLING
          Drill a hole approximately 1/16" in diameter.  To find out
     approximately where to drill, draw a line for the 'M' in Master on
     the back of the lock.  A straight line for the edge, through the
     'M', and just missing the '.' in WIS on the other side.  Now once
     you have the holw drilled, take a pen light, and look in and read
     the tumblers.  Through the hole you should be able to see the
     locking pawl and the tumbler gates.  Line the tumbler gates up with
     the locking pawl.  Do this by first clearing the lock by turning the
     dial knob at least two turns to the right, or clockwise as you face
     the front side.  Holding the lock in your left hand, continue
     turning the dial clockwise slowly, and look through the hole you
     drilled in the back.  Now stop turning the dial when the gate of the
     first tumbler lines up with the pawl.  Now slowly turn the dial in
     the opposite direction, notice the #2 or middle tumbler, does not
     move at first.  After one revolution, it will begin to turn. 
     Continue turning slowly until the gate of the #2 tumbler lines up
     perfectly with the gate of the first tumbler.  Next, reverse the
     dial rotation and slowly turn it clockwise until the gate of the #3
     tumbler lines up with the gates of the #1 and #2 tumblers.  Now pull
     out on the shackle and the lock will open if you line up the three



     MASTER COMBINATION LOCKS                                     Page 1




     TC PUBLICATIONS



     tumblers properly.
     
     
                                    RAPPING
          Sometimes you can open these locks by rapping them open by
     hitting them with a soft face hammer or wooden mallet.  A sudden
     blow on the opposite side of the locking dog will sometimes depress
     the locking spring and release the dog, allowing the shackle to come
     out.
     
                          DRILLING METHOD #2 (MASTER)
          On the back right hand side of the lock, draw a 3/8" line down
     from where the shackle meets the lock case(inside of loop, not
     outside!), then draw and 3/8" line at a 90 degree angle to that one.
     Now, if you have drawn your lines right, you should be able to
     drill right next to your pin-point created by the lines.  NOTE: 
     This will destroy the lock, but it is a fail safe method of opening
     and opening it fast.
     
     
                                    CLOSING
          I have seen many small files on the Master combination lock,
     but all of them usually talked about the manipulation method. 
     Hopefully some of you out there will read this file and realize that
     these methods really work.  This file may be destributed freely, but
     please don't re-write it and take credit for it when you don't have
     any solid facts to back up the fact that you wrote it.
     
     --------------------------------------------------------------------
      TC PUBLICATIONS  --  APRIL 29, 1991  --  "Master Combination Locks"
     --------------------------------------------------------------------
