                                                ีออออออออออออออออออออออออธ
                                                ณ  Filename: HIGHWAY.TXT ณ
                                                ฦออออออออออออออออออออออออต
                                                ณ Title: Roadway Fun     ณ
                                                ฦออออออออออออออออออออออออต
                                                ณ     By: Hell's Angel   ณ
                                                ฦออออออออออออออออออออออออต
                                                ณ   Released: 06/14/96   ณ
                                                ฦออออออออออออออออออออออออต
                                                ณ   Danger: ฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐฐ   ณ
                                                ิออออออออออออออออออออออออพ


   Here are a few quick ways to make some trouble on America's highways
and roadways. Some can be dangerous. Use at your own risk. Here they are:

1) Bill the Dummy: This is similar to the stunt MacCauly Calkin pulled in
   the movie "The Good Son". Get a manequin or dummy, and pretend to talk to
   and interact with it on an overpass. Then suddenly let it fall off the 
   edge of the overpass and "try" to grab for it, and act distressed. Until 
   the brakes start screaching. Then get your ass out.

2) A slingshot or Wrist Rocket is very good for shattering car windows. Use
   the metal ball shot that you can buy at a sporting goods store. The
   driver's side window is a good target on parked cars, and the back
   windshield is good for moving vehicles.

3) This is one you have to be sure you don't do anywhere you or your parents
   would drive. Get a plank about a foot long, and drive about 8 or 10 nails
   into it. Now, lay this on the road (at night or something). Make some
   loops of Duct tape and put them on a sheet of news paper. Now, stick the
   sheet of newspaper on top of the plank, to it is taped to the road. And
   the nails DO NOT poke through. Then leave. If it looks right, people will
   see it and just drive right over it. As soon as someone's tire hits...

4) This is a trick I had to experience a few years ago. Trust me, it's
   annoying. Take an old audio tape you hate (you know, the MC Hammer tape),
   and rewind it all the way. Now, tear out the tape, just a little, so you
   have a leader. Now, find a stop sign, or a tree, or something. Wrap the
   tape around the tree about 7 times, and then run it across the street to
   another tree or sign. Now, run it back and forth around both, until you
   run out of tape, or have a nice thick web of tape. If it's really thick,
   most people won't drive through it, and will have to find a way around it.
   Or break the tape, one strand at a time...

Enjoy.

--hack
{This file passed through [DYNOMITE BBS] (519)256-2428 h/p/a/c/v!}
