IMPROVISED MUNITIONS HANDBOOK

TM 31-210 Department of the army technical manual

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA WAR OFFICE

FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

CHAPTER I
---------

EXPLOSIVES AND PROPELLANTS (Includind Igniters)	

For further information or additional inserts, contact:

	Commanding Officer
	Frankford Arsenal
	ATTN: SMUF A-U3100, Special Products Division
	      Small Caliber Engineering Directorate
	Philadelphia, PA.  19137

   Additional inserts will be made available as evaluation tests are completed.
Please notify the above agency of any change of address so that you may receive
them.

INTRODUCTION

1.	Purpose and Scope

   In Unconventional Warfare operations it may be impossible or unwise to use
conventional military munitions as tools in the conduct of certain missions. it
may be necessary instead to fabricate the required munitions from locally
available or unassuming materials. The purpose of this Manual is to increase
the potential of Special Forces and guerrilla troops by describing in detail 
the manufacture of munitions from seemingly innocuous locally available mate-
rials.

   Manufactured, precision devices almost always will be more effective, more
reliable, and easier to use than improvised ones, but shelf items will just not
be available for certain operations for security or logistical reasons. There-
fore the operater will have to rely on materials he can buy in a drug or paint
store, find in a junk pile, or scrounge from military stocks. Also, many of the
ingredients and materials used in fabricating homemade items are so commonplace
or innocuous they can be carried without arousing suspicion. The completed item
itself often is more easily concealed or camouflaged. In addition, the field
expedient item can be tailored for the intended target, thereby providing an
advantage over the standard item in flexibility and versatility.

   The Manual contains simple explanations and illustrations to permit const-
ruction of the items by personnel not normally familiar with making and hand-
ling munitions. These items were conceived in-house or, obtained from other 
publications or personnel engaged in munitions or special warfare work. This 
Manual includes methods for fabricating explosives, detonators, propellants, 
shaped charges, small arms, mortats, incendiaries, delays, switches, and simi-
lar items from indigenous materials.

2.	Safety and Reliability

   Each item was evaluated both theoretically and experimentally to assure safety
and reliability. A large number of items were descarded because of inherent
hazards or unreliable performance. Safety warnings are prominently inserted in
the procedures where they apply but it is emphasized that safety is a matter of
attitude. It is a proven fact that men who are alert, who think out a situa-
tion, and who take correct precautions have fewer accidents than the careless
and indifferent. It is important that work be planned and that instructions be 
followed to the letter; all work should be done in a neat and orderly manner.
In the manufacture explosives, detonators, propellants and incendiaries, equip-
ment must be kept clean and such energy concentrations as sparks, friction, im-
pact, hot objects, flame, chemical reactions, and excessive pressure should be
avoided.

   These items were found to be effective in most environments; however, samples 
should be made and tested remotely prior to actual use of assure proper per-
formance. Chemical items should be used as soon as possible after preparation
and kept free of moisture, dirt, and the above energy concentrations. Special
care should be taken in any attempt at substitution or use of items for pur-
poses other than that specified or intended.

3.	User Comments

   It is anticipated that this manual will be revised or changed from time to
time. In this way it will be possible to update present material and add new
items as they become available. Users are encouraged to submit recommended
changes or comments to improve this manual. Comments should be keyed to the 
specific page, paragraph, and line of the text in which changes are recom-
mended. Reasons should be provided for each comment to insure understanding
and complete evaluation. Comments should be forwarded directly to Commandant,
United States Army, Special Warfare School, Fort Bragg, North Carolina 28307
and Commanding Officer, United States Army, Frankford Arsenal, SMUFA-J8000,
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19137.


Section I

No. 1

PLASTIC EXPLOSIVE FILLER

 A plastic explosive filler can be made from potassium chlorate and petroleum
jelly. This explosive can be detonaed with commercial #8 or military blasting
cap.

MATERIALS REQUIRED:			HOW USED:
-------------------			---------

Potassium chlorate			Medicine
					Manufacture of matches

Petroleum jelly (Vaseline)		Medicine
					Lubricant

Piece of round stick

Wide bowl or other container
for mixing ingredients.

PROCEDURE:
----------

1.  Spread potassium chlorate crystals thinly on a hard surface. Roll the round
stick over crystals to crush into a very fine powder until it looks like face
powder or wheat flour.

2.  Place 9 parts powdered potassium chlorate and 1 part petroleum jelly in a
wide bowl or similar container. Mix ingredients with hands (knead) until a uni-
form paste is obtained.

NOTE:  Store explosive in a waterproof container until ready to use.


Section I

No. 2

			POTASSIUM NITRATE

   Potassium nitrate (saltpeter) can be extracted from many natural sources and
can be used to make nitric acid, black powder and many pyrotechnics. The yield
ranges from .1 to 10% by weight, depending on the fertility of the soil.

MATERIALS:				SOURCES:
----------				--------

Nitrate bearing earth or other		Soil containing old decayed 
   materials, about 3-1/2 gallons	   vegetable or animal matter
   (13-1/2 liters)
					Old cellars and/or farm dirt
					   floors

					Earth from old burial grounds

					Decayed stone or mortal build-
					   ings foundations

Fine wood ashes, about 1/2 cup		Totally burned whitish wood
   (1/8 liter)				   ash powder

Bucket or similar container,		Totally burned paper (black)
   about 5 gallons (19 liters) in
   volume (plastic, metal, or
   wood)
2 pieces of finely woven cloth,
   each slightly larger than bot-
   tom of bucket
Shallow pan or dish, at least as
   large as bottom of bucket
Shallow heat resistant container
   (ceramic, metal, etc.)
Water - 1-1/3 gallons (6-3/4
   liters)
Awl, knife, screwdriver, or ot-
   her hole producing instrument
Alcohol about 1 gallon (4 lit-
   ers) (whiskey, rubbing alcohol,
   etc.)
Heat source (fire, electric
    heater, etc.)
Paper
Tape

NOTE: Only the rations of the amount of ingredients are important. Thus, for
twice as much potassium nitrate, double quantities used.

PROCEDURE:
----------

1.  Punch holes in bottom of bucket. Spread one piece of cloth over holes in-
side of bucket. 

2.  Place wood ashes on cloth and spread to make a layer about the thickness of
the cloth. Place second piece of cloth on top of ashes.

3.  Place dirt in bucket.

4.  Place bucket over shallow container. Bucket may be supported on sticks if
necessary.


	************
	*EEEEEEEEEE*
	*EEEEEEEEEE*-----Earth		****
	*EEEEEEEEEE*		       /    **
	*CCCCCCCCCC*-----Cloth	  Stick-------*********
	 *WWWWWWWW*------Wood	       \    **  
	 *AAAAAAAA*------Ashes		****
	 *CCCCCCCC*------Cloth
	 **********
       SSSSSSSSSSSSSS--------Stick	
	 **********
	 **********------Shallow Container
	 **********
	  
5.  Boil water and pour it over earth in bucket a little at a time. Allow
water to run through holes in bucket into shallow container. Be sure water
through all of the earth. Allow drained liquid to cool and settle for 1 to 2
hours.

NOTE: Do not pour all water at once, since this may cause stopage.

6.  Carefully drain off liquid into heat resistant container. Discard any
sludge remaining in bottom of the shallow container.

7.  Boil mixture over hot fire for at least 2 hours. Small grains of salt will
begin to appear in the solution. Scoop these out as they form, using any type 
of improvised strainer (paper, etc.).

8.  When liquid has boiled down to approximately half its original volume, re-
move from fire and let sit. After half an hour add an equal volume of alcohol.
When mixture is poured through paper, small white crystals will collect on top
of it.

9.  To purify the potassium nitrate, re-desolve the dry crystals in the small-
est possible amount of boiled water. Remove any salt crystals that appear (step
7); pour through an improvised filter made of several pieces of paper and eva-
porate or gently heat the concentrated solution to dryness.

10. Spread crystals on flat surface and allow to dry. The potassium nitrate
crystals are now ready for use.


Section I

No. 3

			IMPROVISED BLACK POWDER

   Black Powder can be prepered in a simple, safe manner. It may be used as
blasting or gun powder.

MATERIALS REQUIRED:
-------------------

Potassium nitrate, granulated, 3 cups (3/4 liter) (see Sect. I, No. 2)
Wood charcoal, powdered, 2 cups (1/2 liter)
Sulfur, powdered, 1/2 cup (1/8 liter)
Alcohol, 5 pints (2-1/2 liters) (whiskey, rubbing alcohol, etc.)
Water, 3 cups (3/4 liter)
Heat source
2 Buckets - each 2 gallon (7-1/2 liters) capacity, at least one of which is
   heat resistant (metal, ceramic, etc.)
Flat window screening, at least 1 foot (30 cm) square
Large wooden stick
Cloth, at least 2 feet (60 cm) square

NOTE: The above amounts will yield two pounds (900 grams) of black powder. How-
ever, only the ratios of the amounts of ingredients. Thus, for twice as much
black powder, double all quantities used.

PROCEDURE:
----------

1.  Place alcohol in on3e of the buckets.

2.  Place potassium nitrate, charcoal, and sulfur in the heat resistant bucket.
Add 1 cup water and mix thoroughly with wooden stick until all ingredients are
dissolved.

3.  Add remaining water (2 cups) to mixture. Place bucket on heat source and
stir until small bubbles begin to form.

CAUTION: Do not boil mixture. Be sure all mixture stays wet. If any is dry, as
on sides of pan, it may ignite.

4.  Remove bucket from heat and pour mixture into alcohol while stirring vigo-
rously.

5.  Let alcohol mixture stand about 5 minutes. Strain mixture through cloth to
obtain black powder. Discard liquid. Wrap cloth around black powder and squeeze
to remove all excess liquid.

6. Place screening over dry bucket. Place workable amount of damp powder on
screen and granulate by rubbing solid through screen.

NOTE: If granulated particles appear to stick together and change shape, re-
combine entire batch of powder and repeat steps 5 and 6.

7.  Spread granulated black powder on flat dry surface so that layer about 1/2
inch (1-1/4 cm) is formed. Allow to dry. Use radiator, or direct sunlight. This
should be dried as soon as possible, perferably in one hour. The longer the
drying period, the less effective the black powder.

CAUTION: Remove from heat as soon as granules are dry. Black powder is now
ready for use.


Section I

No. 4


			NITRIC ACID

   Nitric acid is used in the preparation of many explosives, incendiary mix-
tures, and acid delay timers. It may be prepared by distilling a mixture of
potassium nitrate and concentrated sulfuric acid.

MATERIALS REQUIRED:			SOURCES:
-------------------			--------

Potassium nitrate (2 parts by		Drug Store
   volume)				Improvised (Section I, No. 2)
Concentrated sulfuric acid (1		Motor vehicle batteries
   part by volume)			Industrial plants
2 bottles of ceramic jugs
   (narrow necks are prefectable)
Pot or frying pan
Heat source (wood, coal, or
   charcoal)
Tape (paper, elecrtical, mask-
   ing, etc, but not cellophane)
Paper or rags

IMPORTANT: If sulfuric acid is obtained from a motor vehicle battery, concent-
rate it by boiling it until white fumes appear. DO NOT INHALE FUMES.

NOTE: The amount of nitric acid produced is the same as the amount of potas-
sium nitrate. Thus, for 2 tablespoonsful of nitric acid, use 2 tablespoonsful 
of potassium nitrate and 1 tablespoonsful of concentrated sulfuric acid.

PROCEDURE:
----------

1.   Place dry potassium nitrate in bottle or jug. Add sulfuric acid. Do not 
fill bottle more than 1/4 full. Mix until paste is formed.

2.   Wrap paper or rags around necks of 2 bottles. Securely tape necks of
bottles together. Be sure bottles are flush against each other and that there
are no air spaces.

CAUTION: Sulfuric acid will burn sn\kin and destroy clothing. If any is spill-
ed, wash it away with a large quantity of water. Fumes are also dangerous and
should not be inhaled.

3.   Support bottles on rocks or cans so that empty bottle is slightly lower
than bottle containing paste so that nitric acid thet is formed in receiving
bottle will not run into other bottle.

4.   Build fire in pot or frying pan.

5.   Gently heat bottle containing mixture by moving fire in and out. As red
fumes begin to appear periodically pour cool water over empty receiving bottle.
Nitric acid will begin to form in the receiving bottle.

CAUTION: Do not overheat or wet bottle containing mixture or it may shatter. As
an added precaution, place bottle to be heated in heat resistent container
filled with sand or gravel. Heat this outer container to produce nitric acid.

6.   Continue the above process until no more red fumes are formed. If the nit-
ric acid formed in the receiving bottle is not clear (cloudy) pour it into
cleaned bottle and repeat Steps 2-6.

CAUTION: Sulfuric acid will burn skin and destroy clothing. If any is spill-
ed, wash it away with a large quantity of water. Fumes are also dangerous and
should not be inhaled.

Nitric acid should be kept away from all combustibles and should be kept in a
sealed ceramic or glass container.


Section I

No. 5


			INITIATOR FOR DUST EXPLOSIONS

   An initiator which will initiate common material to produce dust explosions
can be rapidly and easily constructed. This type of charge is ideal for the 
destruction of enclosed areas such as rooms or buildings.

MATERIALS REQUIRED:
-------------------

A flat can, 3 in. (8 cm) diameter and 1-1/2 in. (3-3/4 cm) high. A 6-1/2 ounce
   Tuna can serves the purpose quite well.
Blasting cap
Explosive
Aluminum (may be wire, cut sheet, flattened can or powder)
Large nail, 4 in. (10 cm) long
Wooden rod - 1/4 in. (6 mm) diameter
Flour, gasoline and powder or chipped aluminum

NOTE: Plastic explosives (Comp. C-4, etc.) produce better explosions than cast
explosives (Comp. B, etc.).

PROCEDURE:
----------

1.   Using the nail, press a hole through the side of the Tuna can 3/8 to 1/2
inch (1 to 1-1/2 cm) from the bottom. Using a rotating and lever action, en-
large the hole until it will accommodate the blasting cap.

2.   Place the wooden rod in the hole and position the end of the rod at the
center of the can.

3.   Press explosive into the can, being sure to surround the rod, until it is
3/4 inch (2 cm) from top of the can. Carefully remove the wooden rod.

4.   Place the aluminum metal on top of the explosive.

5.   Just before use, insert the blasting cap into the cavity made by the rod.
The initiator is now ready for use.

NOTE: If it is desired to carry the initiator some distance, cardboard may be
pressed on top of the aluminum to insure against loss of material.

HOW TO USE:
-----------

   This particular unit works quite well to initiate charges of five pounds of
flour, 1/2 gallon (1-2/3 litres) of gasoline or twwo pounds of flake painters
aluminum. The solid materials may merely be contained in sacks or cardboard
cartons. The gasoline may be placed in plasticcoated paper milk cartons, plas-
tic or glass bottles. The charges are placed directly on top of the initiator
and the blasting cap is actuated electrically or by fuse depending on the type
of cap employed. This will destroy a 2.000 cubic feet enclosure (building 10 x
20 x 10 feet).

NOTE: For larger enclosures, use proportionately larger initiators and charges.


Section I

No. 6


			FERTILIZER EXPLOSIVE

   An explosive munition can be made from fertilizer grade ammunition nitrate 
and either fuel or a mixture of equal parts of motor oil and gasoline. When 
properly prepared, this explosive munition can be detonated with a blasting 
cap.

MATERIALS REQUIRED:
-------------------

Ammonium nitrate (not less than 32% nitrogen)
Fuel oil or gasoline and motor oil (1:1 ratio)
Two flat boards. (At least one of these should be comfortably held in the hand,
   i.e. 2 x 4 and 36 x 36.)
Bucket or other container for mixing ingredients
Iron or steel pipe or bottle, tin can or heavy-walled cardboard tube
Blasting cap
Wooden rod - 1/4 in. diameter
Spoon or similar measuring container

PROCEDURE:
----------

1.   Spread a handful of the ammonium nitrate on the large flat board and rub
vigorously with the other board until the large particles are crushed into a
very fine powder that looks like flour (approx. 10 min).

NOTE: Proceed with Step 2 as soon as possible since the powder may take mois-
ture from the air and become spoiled.

2.   Mix one measure (cup, tablespoon, etc.) of fuel oil with 16 measures of
the finely ground ammonium nitrate in a dry bucket or other suitable container
and stir with the wooden rod. If fuel oil is not available, use one half mea-
sure of gasoline and one half of motor oil. Store in a waterproof container un-
til ready to use.

3.   Spoon this mixture into an iron or steel pipe which has an end cap thread-
ed on one end. If a pipe is not available, you may use a dry tin can, a glass
jar or a heavy-walled cardboard tube.

NOTE: Take care not to tamp or shake the mixture in the pipe. If mixture be-
comes tightly packed, one cap will not be sufficient to initiate the explosive.

4.   Insert blasting cap just beneath the surface of the explosive mix.

NOTE: Confining the open end of the container will add to the effectiveness of
the explosive.


Section I

No. 7


			CARBON TET - EXPLOSIVE

   A moist explosive mixture can be made from fine aluminum powder combined 
with carbon tetrachloride or tetrachloroethylene. This explosive can be deto-
nated with a blasting cap.

MATERIALS REQUIRED:			SOURCES:
-------------------			--------

Fine aluminum bronzing powder		Paint Store
Carbon tetrachloride or			Pharmacy, or fire extin-
   tetrachloroethylene			   guisher fluid
Stirring rod (wood)			Dry cleaners, Pharmacy
Mixing container (bowl, bucket,
   etc.)
Measuring container (cup, table,
   spoon, etc.)
Storage container (jar, can,
   etc.)
Blasting cap
Pipe, can or jar

PROCEDURE:
----------

1.   Measure out two parts aluminum powder to one part carbon tetrachloride or
tetrachloroethylene liquid into mixing container, adding liquid to powder while
stirring with the wooden rod.

2.   Stir until the mixture becomes the consistency of honey syrup.

CAUTION: Fumes from the liquid are dangerous and should not be inhaled.

3.   Store explosive in a jar or similar waterproof container until ready to
use. The liquid in the mixture evaporates quickly when not nonfined.

NOTE: Mixture will detonate in this manner for a period of 72 hours.

HOW TO USE:
-----------

1.   Pour this mixture into an iron or steel pipe which has an end cap thread-
ed on one end. If a pipe is not available, you may use a dry tin can or a grass
jar,

2.   Insert B\blasting cap just beneath the surface of the explosive mix.

NOTE: Confining the open end of the container will add to the effectiveness of
the explosive.


Section I

No. 8


			FERTILIZER AN-AL EXPLOSIVE

   A dry explosive mixture can be made from ammonium nitrate fertilizer combi-
ned with fine aluminum powder. This explosive can be detonated with a blasting 
cap.

MATERIALS REQUIRED:			SOURCES:
-------------------			--------

Ammonium nitrate fertilizer		Farm or Feed Store
   (not less than 32% nitrogen)
Fine aluminum bronzing powder		Paint Store
Measuring container (cup, table-
   spoon, etc.)
Mixing container (wide bowl, can,
etc.)
Two flat boards (one should be
   comfortably held in hand and
   one very large, i.e. 2 x 4
   and 36 x 36 in.)
Storage container (jar, can,
   etc.)
Blasting cap
Wooden rod - 1/4 inch diameter
Pipe, can or jar

PROCEDURE:
----------

1.   Method I - To obtain a low velocity explosive.

     a. Use measuring container to measure four parts fertilizer to one part
     aluminum powder and pour into the mixing container.
     (Example: 4 cups of fertilizer to 1 cup aluminum powder.)

     b. Mix ingredients well with the wooden rod.

2.   Method II - To obtain a much higher velocity explosive.

     a. Spread a handful at a time of the fertilizer on the large flat board 
     and rub vigorously with the other board until the large particles are
     crushed into a very fine powder that looks like flour (approx. 10 min per
     handful).

NOTE: Proceed with step b below as soon as possible since the powder may take
moisture from the air and become spoiled.

     b. Follow steps a and b of Method I.

3.   Store the explosive mixture in a waterproof container, such as glass jar,
steel pipe, etc., until ready to use.

HOW TO USE:
-----------

Follow steps 1 and 2 of "How To Use" in Section I, No. 7.


Section I

No. 9


			"RED OR WHITE POWDER" PROPELLANT

   "Red or White Powder" Propellant may be prepared in a simple, safe manner. 
The formulation describes below will result in approximately 2-1/2 pounds of 
powder. This is a small arms propellant and should only be used in weapons with
1/2 in. inside diameter or less, such as the Match Gun or the 7.62 Carbine, but
not pistols.

MATERIALS REQUIRED:
-------------------

Heat source (Kitchen stove or open fire)
2 gallon metal bucket
Measuring cup (8 ounces)
Wooden spoon or rubber spatula
Metal sheet or aluminum foil (at least 18 in. sq.)
Flat window screen (at least 1 ft. sq.)
Potassium nitrate (granulated) 2-1/3 cups
White sugar (granulated) 2 cups
Powdered ferric oxide (rust) 1.8 cup (if available)
Clear water, 3-1/2 cups

PROCEDURE:
----------

1.   Place the sugar, potassium nitrate, and water in the bucket. Heat with a
low flame, stirring occasionally until the sugar and potassium nitrate dis-
solve.

2.   If available, add the ferric oxide (rust) to the solution. Increase the
flame under the mixture until it boils gently.

NOTE: The mixture will retain the rust coloration.

3.   Stir and scrape the bucket sides occasionally until the mixture is reduced
to one quarter of its orginal volume, then stir continuously.

4.   As the water evaporates, the mixture will become thicker until it reaches
the consistency of cooked breakfast cereal or homemade fudge. At this stage of
thickness, remove the bucket from the heat source, and spread the mass on the 
metal sheet.

5.   While the material cools, score it with the spoon or spatula in criss-
crossed furrows about 1 inch spart.

6.   Allow the material to air dry, preferably in the sun. As it dries, rescore
it occasionally (about every 20 minutes) to air drying.

7.   When the material has dried to a point where it is moist and soft but not
sticky to the touch, place a small spoonful on the screen. Rub the material
back and forth against the screen mesh with spoon or other flat object until
the material is granulated into small worm-like particles.

8.   After granulation, return the material to the sun to dry completely.


Section I

No. 10


		NITRIC ACID/NITROBENZENE ("HELLHOFFITE") EXPLOSIVE

   An explosive munition can be made from mononitrobenzene and nitric acid. It
is a simple explosive to prepare. Just pour the mononitrobenzene into the acid
stir.

MATERIALS REQUIRED:			SOURCES:
-------------------			--------

Nitric acid				Field grade or 90% concentrated
					   (specific gravity of 1.48)
Mononitrobenzene (also known as		Drug store (oil of mirbane)
   nitrobenzene)			Chemiclal supply house
					Industries (used as solvent)
Acid resistant measuring con-		Glass, clay, etc.
tainers.
Acid resistant mixing rod
Blasting cap
Wax
Steel pipe, end cap and tape
Bottle or jar

NOTE: Prepare mixture just before use.

PROCEDURE:
----------

1.   Add 1 volume (cup, quart, etc.) mononitrobenzene to 2 volumes nitric acid
in bottle or jar.

2.   Mix ingredients well by stirring with acid resistant rod.

CAUTION: Nitric acid will burn skin and destroy clothing. If any is spilled,
wash off imediately with a large amount of water. Nitrobenzene is toxic; do not
inhale fumes.

HOW TO USE:
-----------

1.   Wax blasting cap, pipe and end cap.

2.   Thread end cap onto pipe.

3.   Pour mixture into pipe.

4.   Insert and tape blasting cap just beneath surface of mixture.

NOTE: Combining the open end of the pipe will add to the effectiveness of the
explosive.


Section I

No. 11


		OPTIMIZED PROCESS FOR CELLULOSE/ACID EXPLOSIVES

   An acid type explosive can be made from nitric acid and white paper or cot-
ton cloth. This explosive can be detonated with a commercial #8 or any military
blasting cap.

MATERIALS REQUIRED:			SOURCES:
-------------------			--------

Nitric acid				Industrial metal processors, 90%
					   concentrated (specific gravity
					   of 1.48)
					Field grade (See Section I, No. 4)
White unprinted, unsized paper		Paper towels, napkins
Clean white cotton cloth		Clothing, sheets, etc.
Acid resistant container		Wax coasted pipe or can, ceramic
					   pipe, glass jar, etc.
					Heavy-walled glass container
Aluminum foil or acid resistant		Food stores
   material
Protective gloves
Blasting cap
Wax

PROCEDURE:
----------

1.   Put on gloves.

2.   Spread out a layer of paper or cloth on aluminum foil and sprinkle with
nitric acid until thoroughly soaked. If aluminum foil is unavailable, use an
acid resistant material (glass, ceramic or wood).

CAUTION: Acid will burn skin and destroy clothing. If any is spilled, wash it
away with a large quantity of water. Do not inhale fumes.

3.   Place another layer of paper or cloth on top of the acid-soaked sheet and
repeat step 2 above. Repeat as often as necessary.

4.   Roll up the aluminum foil containing the acid-soaked sheets and insert the 
roll into the acid resistant container.

NOTE: If glass, ceramic or wooden tray is used, pick up sheets with two wooden
sticks and load into container.

5.   Wax blasting cap.

6.   Insert the blasting cap in the center of the rolled sheets. Allow 5 min-
utes before detonating the explosive.


NOTE: Section I, No. 12 to 17 is missing in the book. Probably censored.


Section I

No. 18


	POTASSIUM OR SODIUM NITRATE AND LITHARGE (LEAD MONOXIDE)

   Potassium or sodium nitrate is needed to prepare DDNP (Section I, No. 19) 
and litharge is required for the preparation of lead picrate (Section I, No. 
20).

MATERIALS REQUIRED:			SOURCES:
-------------------			--------

Lead metal (small pieces or		Pluming supply store
   chips)
Potasium (or sodium) nitrate		Field grade (Section I, No. 2)
Methyl (wood) alcohol			   or Drug Store.
Iron pipe with end cap
Iron rod or screwdriver
Paper towels
2 glass jars, wide mouth
Metal pan
Heat source (hot coals or blow
   torch)
Improvised scale (Section VII, 
   No. 8)
Cup
Water
Pan

PROCEDURE:
----------

1.   Mix 12 grams of lead and 4 grams of potassium or sodium nitrate in a jar.
Place the mixture in the iron pipe.

2.   Heat iron pipe in a bed of hot coals or with blow torch for 30 minutes to
1 hour. (Mixture will change to a yellow color.)

3.   Remove the iron pipe from the heat source and allow to cool. Chip out the
yellow material formed in the iron pipe and place the chips in the glass jar.

4.   Add 1/2 cup (120 milliliters) of methyl alcohol to the chips.

5.   Heat the glass jar containing the mixture in a hot water bath for approxi-
mately 2 minutes (heat until there is a noticeable reaction between chips and
alcohol; solution will turn darker.

6.   Filter the mixture through a paper towel into the other glass jar. The
material left on the paper towel is lead monoxide.

7.   Remove the lead monoxide and wash it twice through a paper towel using 1/2
cup (120 milliliters) of hot water each time. Air dry before using.

8.   Place the jar with the liquid (from Step 6) in a hot water bath (as in
Step 5) and heat until the alcohol has evaporated. The powder remaining in the
jar after evaporation is potassium or sodium nitrate.

NOTE: Nitrate has a strong tendency to absorb water from the atmosphere and
should be stored in a closed container.


Section I

No. 19


				DDNP

   DDNP is a primary explosive used in the fabrication of detonators (Section 
VI, No. 13). It is to be used with a booster explosive such as picric acid 
(Section I, No. 21) or RDX (Section I, No. 15).

MATERIALS REQUIRED:			SOURCES:
-------------------			--------

Picric acid				Section I, No. 21
Flowers of sulfur			
Lye (sodium hydroxide)
Sulfuric acid, diluted			Motor vehicle batteries
Potassium or sodium nitrate		Section I, No. 15
Water
2 glass cups, heat resistant,
   (Pyrex)
Stirring rod (glass or wood)
Improvised scale			Section VII, No. 8
Paper towels
Teaspoon
Tablespoon
Eyedropper
Heat source
Containers
Tape

PROCEDURE:
----------

1.   In one of the glass cups, mix 1/2 gram of lye with 2 tablespoons (30
milliliters) of warm water.

2.   Dissolve 1 teaspoon (3 grams) of picric acid in the water-lye solution.
Store until ready for step 5.

3.   Place 1/4 teaspoon (1 milliliter) of water in the other glass cup. Add 1/2
teaspoon (2-1/2 grams) of sulfur and 1/3 teaspoon (2-1/2 grams) of lye to the
water.

4.   Boil solution over heat source until color turns dark red. Remove and
allow solution to cool.

5.   In three portions, add this sulfur-lye solution to the picric acid-lye
solution (Step 2); stir while pouring. Allow mixture to cool.

6.   Filter the mixture through paper towel into a container. Small red par-
ticles will collect the paper. Discard the liquid in the container.

7.   Dissolve the red particles in 1/4 cup (60 milliliters) of boiling water.

8.   Remove and filter the mixture through a paper towel as in step 6. Discard
the particles left on the paper.

9.   Using an eyedropper, slowly add the sulfuric acid to the filtered solution
until it turns orangebrown.

10.  Add 1/2 teaspoon (2-1/2 grams) more of sulfuric acid to the solution. Al-
low the solution to cool to room temperature.

11.  In a separate container, dissolve 1/4 teaspoon (1,8 grams) of potassium or
sodium nitrate in 1/3 cup (80 milliliters) of water.

12.  Add this solution in one portion, while stirring, to the orangebrown solu-
tion. Allow the mixture to stand for 10 minutes. The mixture will turn light
brown.

CAUTION: At this point the mixture is a primary explosive. Keep away from
flame.

13.  Filter the mixture through a paper towel. Wash the particles left on the
paper with 4 teaspoons (20 milliliters) of water.

14.  Allow the particles to dry (approx. 16 hours).

CAUTION: Explosive is shock and flame sensitive. Store explosive in a capped
container.

NOTE: The drying time can be reduced to 2 hours if a hot (not boiling) water
bath is used. See Section I, No. 16.


Section I

No. 20


			PREPARATION OF LEAD PICRATE

   Lead picrate is used as a primary explosive in the fabrication of detonators
(Section VI, No. 13. It is to be used with a booster explosive such as picric
acid (Section I, No. 21) or RDX (Section I, No. 15).

MATERIALS REQUIRED:			SOURCES:
-------------------      		--------

Litharge (lead monoxide)		Section I, No, 18 or plumbing
					   supplies
Picric acid				Section I, No. 21
Wood alcohol (methanol)			Paint removers; some antifreezes
Wooden or plastic rod
Dish or saucer (china or glass)
Teaspoon
Improvised Scale			Section VII, No. 8
Containers
Flat pan
Heat source (optional)
Water (optional)

PROCEDURE:
----------

1.   Weigh 2 grams each of picric acid and lead monoxide. Place each in a sepa-
rate container.

2.   Place 2 teaspoons (10 milliliters) of the alcohol in a dish. Add the pic-
ric acid to the alcohol and stir with the wooden or plastic rod.

3.   Add the lead monoxide to the mixture while stirring.

CAUTION: At this point the solution is a primary explosive. Keep away from
flame.

4.   Continue stirring the mixture until the alcohol has evaported. The mixture
will suddenly thicken.

5.   Stir mixture occasionally (to stop lumps from forming) until a powder is
formed. A few lumps will remain.

CAUTION: Be very careful of dry material forming on the inside of the container.

6.   Spread this powdered mixture, the lead picrate, in a flat pan to air dry.

NOTE: If possible, dry the mixture in a hot, not boiling, water bath for a per-
iod of 2 hours.


Section I

No. 21


		PREPARATION OF PICRIC ACID FROM ASPIRIN

   Picric acid can be used as a booster explosive in detonators (Section VI, 
No. 13), a high explosive charge, or as an intermadiate to preparing lead pic-
rate (Section I, No. 20) or DDNP (Section I, No. 19).

MATERIALS REQUIRED:
-------------------

Aspirin tablets (5 grams per tablet)
Alcohol, 95% pure
Sulfuric acid, concentrated, (battery acid - boil until white fumes appear)
Potassium Nitrate (Section I, No. 2)
Water
Paper towels
Canning jar, 1 pint
Rod (glass or wood)
Glass containers
Ceramic or glass dish
Cup
Teaspoon
Tablespoon
Pan
Heat Source
Tape

PROCEDURE:
----------

1.   Crush 20 aspirin tablets in a glass container. Add 1 teaspoon of water and
work into a paste.

2.   Add approximately 1/3 to 1/2 cup of alcohol (100 milliliters) to the 
aspirin paste; stir while pouring.

3.   Filter the alcohol-aspirin solution through a paper towel into another
glass container. Discard the solid left on the paper towel.

4.   Pour the filtered solution into a ceramic or glass dish.

5.   Evaporate the alcohol and water from the solution by placing the dish into
a pan of hot water. White powder will remain in the dish after evaporation.

NOTE: Water in pan should be at hot bath temperature, not boiling, approxi-
mately 160 to 180 degrees Farenheit. It should not burn the hands.

6.   Pour 1/3 cup (80 milliliters) of concentrated sulfuric acid into a canning 
jar. Add the white powder to the sulfuric acid.

7.   Heat canning jar of sulfuric acid in a pan of simmering hot water bath for
15 minutes; then remove jar from the bath. Solution will turn to a yellow-
orange color.

8.   Add 3 level teaspoons (15 grams) of potassium nitrate in three portions
to the yellow-orange solution; stir vigorously during additions. Solution will
turn red, and then back to a yellow-orange color.

9.   Allow the solution to cool to ambient or room temperature while stirring 
occasionally.

10.  Slowly pour the solution, while stirring, into 1-1/4 cup (300 milliliters)
of cold water and allow to cool.

11.  Filter the solution through a paper towel into a glass container. Light
yellow particles will collect on the paper towel.

12.  Wash the light yellow particles with 2 tablespoons (25 milliliters) of
water. Discard the waste liquid in the container.

13.  Place particles in ceramic dish and set in a hot water bath, as in step 5,
for 2 hours.


Section I

No. 22


				DOUBLE SALTS

   Double Salts is used as a primary explosive in the fabrications of detona-
tors (Section VI, No. 13). It can be made in the field from silver (coins), 
nitric acid, calcium carbide, and water.

MATERIALS REQUIRED:
-------------------

Nitric acid (90% conc.) (Section I, No. 4)
Silver metal (silver coin, about 5/8 in. diameter)
Calcium carbine (acetylene or calcium carbine lamps)
Rubber and glass tubing (approx. 1/4 in. inside diameter)
Paper towels
Heat-resistant bottles or ceramic jugs, 1 to 2 quart capacity, and one cork to
   fit. (Punch hole in cork to fit tubing.)
Teaspoon (aluminum, stainless steel or wax-coated) or equivalent measure
Glass container
Heat source
Long narrow jar (olive jar)
Tape
Water
Alcohol

PROCEDURE:
----------

1.   Dilute 2-1/4 teaspoons of nitric acid with 1-1/2 teaspoons of water in a
glass container by adding the acid to the water.

2.   Dissolve a silver coin (a silver dime) in the diluted nitric acid. The
solution will turn to a green color.

NOTE: It may be necessary to warm the container to completely dissolve the sil-
ver coin.

CAUTION: Acid will burn skin and destroy clothing. If any is spilled, wash it
away with a large quantity of water. Do not inhale fumes.

3.   Pour solution into a long narrow (olive) jar and place it in a bottle of
hot water. Crystals will form in the solution; heat until crystals dissolve.

4.   While still heating and after crystals have dissolved, place 10 teaspoons
of calcium carbine in another glass bottle and add 1 teaspoon of water. After
the reacion has started add another teaspoon of water. Then set up as shown.

	     TTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT	
	  ***T**      \		    T	
	  *  T *   Tubing	*********
	**********		*   T	*
	* *  T * *		*   T	*
	* *  T * *		*   T	*
	* *    * *-Bottle with  *   T	*-Receiving jar with
	* *    * * narrow jar.	*	* cork.
	* ****** *		*	*
	**********		*********  
      HHHHHHHHHHHHHH-Heat source	

5.   Bubble acetylene through the solution for 5 to 8 minutes. A brown vapor
will be given off and white flakes will appear in the silver solution.

6.   Remove the silver solution from the heat source and allow it to cool. Fil-
ter the solution through a paper towel into a glass container. Green crystals
will collect on the paper.

7.   Wash the solids collected on the paper towel with 12 teaspoons of alcohol.
The solid material will turn white while the solvent in the container will have
a green color.

8.   Place the white solid material on a clean papaer towel to air dry.

CAUTION: Handle dry explosive with great care. Do not scrape or handle roughly.
Keep away from sparks or open flames. Store is cool, dry place.


Section I

No. 23


				SODIUM CHLORATE

   Sodium chlorate is a strong oxidizer used in the manufacture of explosives.
It can be used in place of potassium chlorate (see Section I, No. 1).

MATERIALS REQUIRED:			SOURCES:
-------------------			--------

2 carbon or lead rods (1 in.		Dry cell batteries (2-1/2 in.
   diameter x 5 in. long)		   diameter x 7 in. long) or
					   plumbing supply store
Salt or, ocean water			Grocery store or ocean
Sulfuric acid, diluted			Motor vehicle batteries
Motor vehicle
Water
2 wires, 16 gauge (3/64 in.
   diameter approx.), 6 ft.
   long, insulated
Gasoline
1 gallon glass jar, wide mouth
   (5 in. diameter x 6 in. high
   approx.)
Sticks
String
Teaspoon
Trays
Cup
Heavy cloth
Knife
Large flat pan or tray

PROCEDURE:
----------

1.   Mix 1.2 cup of salt into the one gallon glass jar with 3 liters (3 quarts)
of water.

2.   Add 2 teaspoons of battery acid to the solution and stir vigorously for 5
minutes.

3.   Strip about 4 inches of insulation from both ends of the 2 wires.

4.   With knife and sticks shape 2 strips of wood 1 x 1/8 x 1-1/2. Tie the wood
strips to the lead or catbon rods so that they are 1-1/2 inches spart.

5.   Connect the rods to the battery in a motor vehicle with the insulated
wire.

6.   Submerge 4-1/2 in. of the rods into the salt water solution.

7.   With gear in neutral position, start the vehicle engine. Depress the acce-
lerator approximately 1/5 of its full travel.

8.   Run the engine with the accelerator in this position for 2 hours; then,
shut it down 2 hours.

9.   Repeat this cycle for a total of 64 hours while maintaining the level of
the acid-salt water solution in the glass jar.

CAUTION: This arrangement employs voltages which may be dangerous to personnel.
Do not tough bare wire leads while engine is running.

10.  Shut off the engine. Remove the rods from the glass jar and disconnect
wire leads from the battery.

11.  Filter the solution through the heavy cloth into a flat pan otr tray,
leaving the sediment at the bottom of the glass jar.

12.  Allow the water in the filtered solution to evaporate at room temperature
(approx. 16 hours). The residue is approximately 60% or more sodium chlorate
which is pure enough to be used as an explosive ingredient.


Section I

No. 24


			MERCURY FULMINATE
			-----------------

   Mercury Fulminate is used as a primary explosive in the fabrication of deto-
nators (Section VI, No. 13). It is to be used with a booster explosive such as
picric acid (Section I, No. 21) or RDX (Section I, No. 15).

MATERIALS REQUIRED:			SOURCES:
-------------------			--------

Nitric Acid. 90% conc. (1.48		Field grade (Section I, No. 4) or
   sp. gr.)				   industrial metal processors
Mercury					Thermometers, mercury switches,
					   old radio tubes
Ethyl (grain) alcohol (90%)
Filtering material			Paper towels
Teaspoon measure (1/4, 1/2, and
   1 teaspoon capacity) - alu-
   minum, stainless steel or
   wax-coated
Heat source
Clean wooden stick
Clean water
Glass containers
Tape
Syringe

PROCEDURE:
----------

1.   Dilute 5 teaspoons of nitric acid with 2-1/2 teaspoons of clean water in 
a glass container by adding the acid to the water.

2.   Dissolve 1/8 teaspoon of mercury in the diluted nitric acid. This will
yield dark red fumes.

NOTE: It may be necessary to add water, one drop at a time, to the mercury-acid
solution in order to start reaction.

CAUTION: Acid will burn skin and destroy clothing. If any is spilled, wash it
away with a large quantity of water. Do not inhale fumes.

3.   Warm 10 teaspoons of the alcohol in a container until the alcohol feels
warm to the inside of the wrist.

4.   Pour the metal-acid solution into the warm alcohol. Reaction should start
in less than 5 minutes. Dense white fumes will be given off during reaction. As
time lapses, the fumes will become less dense. Allow 10 to 15 minutes to com-
plete reaction. Fulminate will settle to bottom.

CAUTION: This reaction generates large quantiries of toxic, flammable fumes.
The process must be conducted outdoors or in a well ventilated area, away from
sparks or open flames. Do not inhale fumes.

5.   Filter the solution through a paper towel into a container. Crystals may
stick to the side of the container. If so, tilt and squirt water down the sides
of the container until all the material collects on the filter paper.

6.   Wash the crystals with 6 teaspoons of ethyl alcohol.

7.   Allow these mercury fulminate crystals to air dry.

CAUTION: Handle dry explosive with great care. Do not scrape or handle it 
roughly. Keep away from sparks or open flames. Store in cool, dry place.


Section I

No. 25


	SODIUM CHLORATE AND SUGER OR ALUMINUM EXPLOSIVE

   An explosive munition can be made from sodium chlorate combinated with gran-
ular suger, or aluminum powder. This explosive can be detonaded with a #8 com-
mercial or a Military J-2 blasting cap.

MATERIALS REQUIRED:			SOURCES:
-------------------			--------

Sodium chlorate				Section I, No. 23
Granular sugar				Food store
Aluminum powder				Paint Store
Wooden rod or stick
Bottle or jar
Blasting cap
Steel pipe (threaded at one
   end), end cap and tape
Wax
Measuring container (cup, quart, 
   etc.)

PROCEDURE:
----------

1.   Add three volumes (cups, quarts, etc.) sodium chlorate to one volume alu-
minum, or two granular sugar, in bottle or jar.

2.   Mix ingredients well by stirrin with the wooden rod or stick.

HOW TO USE:
-----------

1.   Wax blasting cap, pipe and end cap.

2.   Thread end cap onto pipe.

3.   Pour mixture into pipe.

4.   Insert and tape blasting cap just beneath surface of mixture.

NOTE: Confining the open end of the pipe will add to the effectiveness of the
explosive.


Pace, 1993. SWEDEN.
