IMPROVISED MUNITIONS HANDBOOK

CHAPTER II
----------

MINES AND GRENADES

NOTE: This is Chapter II of The Improvised Munition Handbook.


Section II

No. 1


			PIPE HAND GRENADE

   Hand grenades can be made from a piece of iron pipe. The filler can be plas-
tic or granular military explosive, or propellant from shotgun or small arms
ammunition.

MATERIALS REQUIRED:
-------------------

Iron pipe, threaded ends, 1 1/2" to 3" diam., 3" to 8" long.
Two (2) iron pipe caps.
Explosive or propellant
Non-Electric blasting cap. (Commercial or military)
Fuse cord
Hand drill
Pliers

PROCEDURE:
----------

1.   Place blasting cap on one end of fuse cord and crimp with pliers.

NOTE: To find out how long the fuse cord should be, check the time it takes a
known length to burn. If 12 inches burns in 30 seconds, a 6-inch cord will ig-
nite the grenade in 15 seconds.

2.   Screw pipe cap to one end of pipe. Place fuse cord with blasting cap into
the opposite end so the\at the blasting cap is near the center of the pipe.

NOTE: If plastic explosive is to be used, fill pipe before inserting blasting
cap. Push a round stick into the center of the explosive to make a hole and
then insert the blasting cap.

3.   Pour explosive or propellant into pipe a little bit at a time. Tap the 
base of the pipe frequently to settle filler.

4.   Drill a hole in the center of the unassembled pipe cap large enough for
the fuse cord to pass through.

5.   Wipe pipe threads to remove any filler material.


Section II

No. 2


				NAIL GRENADE

   Effective fragmentation grenades can be made from a block of TNT or other 
blasting explosive and nails.

MATERIALS REQUIRED:
-------------------

Block of TNT or other blasting explosive
Nails
Non-Electric Military blasting cap
Fuse cord
Tape, string, wire or glue

PROCEDURE:
----------

1.   If an explosive charge other than a standard TNT block is used, make a
hole in the center of the charge for inserting the blasting cap. TNT can be
drilled with relative safety. With plastic explosives, a hole can be made by
pressing a round stick into the center of the charge. The hole should be deep
enough that the blasting cap is totally within the explosive.

2.   Tape, tie or glue one or two rows of clasely packed nails to sides of ex-
plosive block. Nails should completely cover the four surfaces of the block.

3.   Place blasting cap on one end of the fuse cord and crimp with pliers.

NOTE: To find out how long the fuse cord should be, check the time it takes a
known length to burn. If 12 inches burns in 30 seconds, a 10 second delay will 
require a 4 inch (10 cm) fuse.

4.   Insert the blasting cap in the hole in the block of explosive. Tape or tie
fuse cord securely in place so that it will not fall out when the grenade is 
thrown.

ALTERNATE USE:
--------------

   An effective directional anti-personnel mine can be made by placing nails on 
only one side of the explosive block. For this case, an electric blasting cap 
can be used.


Section II

No. 3


			WINE BOTTLE CONE CHARGE

   This cone charge will penetrate 3 to 4 inches of armor. Placed on an engine
or engine compartment it will disable a tank or other vehicle.

MATERIALS REQUIRED:
-------------------

Glass wine bottle with false bottom (cone shaped)
Plastic or castable explosive
Blasting cap
Gasoline or Kerosene (small amount)
String
Adhesive tape

PROCEDURE:
----------

1.   Soak a piece of string in gasoline or kerosene. Double wrap this string
around the wine bottle approximately 3 in. (7 1/2 cm) above the top of the
cone.

NOTE: A small amount of motor oil added to the gasoline or kerosene will im-
prove results.

2.   Ignite the string and allow to burn for 1 to 2 minutes. Then plunge the
bottle into cold water to crack the bottle. The top half can now be easily re-
moved and discarded.

3.   If plastic explosive is used:

(a)   pack explosive into the bottle a little at a time compressing with a
wooden rod. Fill the bottle to the top.

(b)   press a 1/4 in. wooden dowel 1/2 in. (12mm) into the middle of the top
of the explosive charge to form a hole for the blasting cap.

4.   If TNT or other castable explosive is used:

(a)   break explosive into small pieces using a wooden mallet or non-sparking
metal tools. Place pieces in a tin can.

(b)   suspend this can in a larger container which is partly filled with water.
A stiff wire or stick pushed through the smaller can will accomplish this.

CAUTION: The inner can must not rest on the bottom of the outer container.

(c)   heat the container on an electric hot plate or other heat source. Stir
the explosive frequently with a wooden stick while it is melting.

CAUTION: Keep area well ventilated while melting explosive. Fumes may be poi-
sonous.

(d)   when all the explosive has melted, remove the inner container and stir 
the molten explosive until it begins to thicken. During this time the bottom 
half of the wine bottle should be placed in the container of hot water. This
will pre-heat the bottle so that it will not crack when the explosive is
poured.

(e)   Remove the bottle from hot water and dry thoroughly. Pour molten explo-
sive into the bottle and allow to cool. The crust which forms on top of the
charge during cooling should be broken with a wooden stick and more explosive
added. Do this as often as necessary until the bottle is filled to the top.

(f)   When explosive has completely hardened, bore a hole for the blasting cap
in the middle of the top of the charge about 1/2 in. (12mm) deep.

HOW TO USE:
-----------

1.   Place blasting cap in the hole in the top of the charge. If non-electric
cap is used be sure cap is crimped around fuze and fuze is long enough to pro-
vide safe delay.

2.   Place the charge so that the bottom is 3 to 4 in. (7 1/2 to 10 cm) from
the target. This can be done by taping legs to the charge or any other conve-
nient means as long as there is nothing between the base of the charge and the
target.

3.   If electric cap is used, connect blasting cap wires to firing circuit.

NOTE: The effectiveness of this charge can be increased by placing it inside a
can, box, or similar container and packing sand or dirt between the charge and
the container.


Section II

No. 4


			GRENADE-TIN CAN LAND MINE

   This device can be used as a land mine that will explode when the trip wire
is pulled.

MATERIALS REQUIRED:
-------------------

Hand grenade having side safety lever.
Sturdy container, open at one end, that is just large enough to fit over gre-
   nade and its the safety lever (tin can of proper size is suitable).
Strong string or wire

NOTE: The container must be of such a size that, when the grenade is placed in
it and the safety pin removed, its sides will prevent the safety lever from 
springing open. One end must be completely open.

PROCEDURE:
----------

1.   Fasten one piece of string to the closed end of container, making a strong
connection. This can be done by punching 2 holes in the can, looping the string
through them, and tying a knot.

2.   Tie free end of this string to bush, stake, fencepost, etc.

3.   Fasten another length of string to the grenade such that it cannot inter-
fere with the functioning of the ignition mechanism of the grenade.

4.   Insert grenade into container.

5.   Lay free length of string across path and fasten to stake, bush, etc. The
string should remain taut.

HOW TO USE:
-----------

1.   Carefully with safety pin by pulling on ring. Be sure safety lever is re-
strained during this operation. Grenade will function in normal manner when
trip wire is pulled.

NOTE: In areas where concealment is possible, a greater effect may be obtained
by suspending the grenade several feet above ground, as illustrated below.


Section II

No. 5


				MORTAR SCRAP MINE

   A directional shrapnel launcher that can be placed in the path of advancing
troops.

MATERIALS REQUIRED:
-------------------

Iron pipe approximately 3 ft. (1meter) long and 2 in. to 4 in. (5 to 10 cm) in
   diameter and threaded on at least one end. Salvaged artillery cartridge case
   may also be used.
Threaded cap to fit pipe.
Black powder or salvaged artillery propellant about 1/2 lb. (200 gms) total.
Electrical igniter (commercial SQUIB or improvised igniter, Section VI, No. 1).
   Safety or improvised fuse may also be used.
Small stones about 1 in. (2-1/2 cm) in diameter or small size scrap; about 1
   lb. (400 gms) total.
Rags for wadding, each about 20 in. by 20 in. (50 cm x 50 cm)
Paper or rag
Battery and wire
Stick (non-matallic)

NOTE: Be sure pipe has no cracks or flaws.

PROCEDURE:
----------

1.   Screw threaded cap onto pipe.

2.   Place propellant and igniter in paper or rag and tie package with string
so contents will not fall out.

3.   Insert packaged propellant and igniter into pipe until package rests
against threaded cap leaving firing leads extending from open end of pipe.

4.   Roll rag till it is about 6 in. (15-1/2 cm) long and the same diameter as
pipe. Insert rag wadding against packaged propellant igniter. With caution,
pack tightly using stick.

5.   Insert stones and/or scrap metal into pipe.

6.   Insert second piece of rag wadding against stones and/or metal scrap. Pack
tightly as before.

HOW TO USE:
-----------

1.   Bury pipe in ground with open end facing the expected path of the enemy.
The open end may be covered with cardboard and a thin layer of dirt or leaves
as camouflage.

2.   Connect firing leads to battery and switch. Mine can be remotely fired
when needed or attached to trip device placed in path of advancing troops.

NOTE: A NON-ELECTRIC ignition system can be substituted for the electrical ig-
nition system as follows.

1.   Follow above procedure, substituting safety fuse for igniter.

2.   Light safety fuse when ready to fire.


Section II

No. 6


			COKE BOTTLE SHAPED CHARGE

   This shaped charge will penetrate 3 in. (7-1/2 com) of armor. (It will dis-
able a vehicle if placed on the engine compartment).

MATERIALS REQUIRED:
-------------------

Glass Coke bottle, 6-1/2 oz. size
Plastic or castable explosive, about 1 lb. (454 gms)
Blasting cap
Metal cylinder, open at both ends, about 6 in. (15 cm) long and 2 in. (5 cm)
   inside diameter. Cylinder should be heavy walled for best result.
Plug to fit mouth of coke bottle (rags, metal, wood, paper, etc.)
Non-metal rod about 1/4 in. (6 mm) in diameter and 8 in. (20 cm) or more in
   length
Tape or string
2 tin cans if castable explosive is used (See Section II, No. 3)

NOTE: Cylinder may be cardboard, plastic, etc. if castable explosive is used.

PROCEDURE:
----------

1.   Place plug in mouth of bottle.

2.   Place cylinder over top of bottle until bottom of cylinder rests on widest 
part of bottle. Tape cylinder to bottle. Container should be straight on top of 
bottle.

3.   If plastic explosive is used:

a.   Place explosive in cylinder a little at a time tamping with rod until
cylinder is full.

b.   Press the rod about 1/2 in. (1 cm) into the middle of the top of the ex-
plosive charge to form a hole for the blasting cap.

4.   If castable explosive is used, follow procedure of Wine Bottle Cone
Charge, Section II, No. 3, Step 4, a through f.

HOW TO USE:
-----------

Method I. If electrical blasting cap is used:

1.   Place blasting cap in hole in top of explosive.

CAUTION: Do not insert blasting cap until charge is ready to be detonated.

2.   Place bottom of Coke Bottle flush against the target. If target is not
flat and horizontal, fasten bottle to target by any convenient means, such as
by placing tape or string around target and top of bottle. Bottom of bottle
acts as stand-off.

CAUTION: Be sure that base of bottle is flush against target and that there is
nothing between the target and the base of the bottle.

3.   Connect leads from blasting cap to firing circuit.

Method II: If non-electrical blasting cap is used:

1.   Crimp cap around fuse.

CAUTION: Be sure fuse is long enough to provide a safe delay.

2.   Follow steps 1, 2, and CAUTIONS of Method I.

3.   Light fuse when ready to fire.


Section II

No. 7


			CYLINRICAL CAVITY SHAPED CHARGE



   A shaped charge can be made from common pipe. It will penetrate 1-1/2 in. 
(3-1/2 cm) of steel, producing a hole 1-1/2 in. (3-1/2 cm) in diameter.

MATERIAL REQUIRED:
------------------

Iron or steel pipe, 2 to 2-1/2 in. (5to 6-1/2 com) in diameter and 3 to 4 in.
   (7-1/2 to 10 cm) long
Metal pipe, 1/2 to 3/4 in. (1-1/2 to 2 cm) in diameter an 1-1/2 in. (3-1/2 cm)
   long, open at both ends. (The wall of the pipe should be as thin as possi-
   ble.)
Blasting cap
Non-metallic rod, 1/4 in. (6 mm) in diameter
Plastic or castable explosive
2 metal cans of different sizes		(If castable explosive is used)
Stick or wire				(If castable explosive is used)
Heat source				(If castable explosive is used)

PROCEDURE:
----------

1.   If plastic explosive is used:

a.   Place larger pipe on flat surface. Hand pack and tamp explosive into pipe.
Leave approximately 1/4 in. (6 mm) space at top.

b.   Push rod into center of explosive. Enlarge hole in explosive to diameter
and length of small pipe.

c.   Insert small pipe into hole.

IMPORTANT: Be sure direct contact is made between explosive and small pipe.
Tamp explosive around pipe by hand if necessary.

d.   Make sure that there is 1/4 in. (6 mm) empty space above small pipe. Re-
move explosive if necessary.

e.   Turn pipe upside down and push rod 1/2 in. (1-1/4 cm) into center of oppo-
site end of explosive to form a hole for the blasting cap.

CAUTION: Do not insert blasting cap in hole until ready to fire shaped charge.

2.   If TNT or other castable explosive is used:

a.   Follow procedure, Section II, No. 3, Step 4, Parts a, b, c, including CAU-
TIONS.

b.   When all the explosive has melted, remove the inner container and stir the
molten explosive until it begins to thicken.

c.   Place large pipe on flat surface. Pour explosive into pipe until it is 1-
3/4 in. (4 cm) from the top.

d.   Place small pipe in center of large pipe so that it rests on top of explo-
sive. Holding small pipe in place, pour explosive around small pipe until ex-
plosive is 1/4 in. (6 mm) from top of large pipe.

e.   Allow explosive to cool. Break crust that forms on top of the charge du-
ring cooling with a wooden stick and add more explosive. Do this as often as
necessary until explosive is 1/4 in. (6 mm) from top.

f.   When explosive has completely hardened, turn pipe upside down and bore a
hole for the blasting cap in the middle of the top of the charge about 1/2 in.
(1-1/4 cm) deep.

HOW TO USE:
-----------

Method I - If elecrical blasting cap is used:

1.   Place blasting cap in hole made for it.

CAUTION: Do not insert blasting cap until charge is ready to fire.

2.   Place other end of pipe flush against the target. Fasten pipe to target by
any convenient means, such as by placing tape or string around target and top
of pipe, if target is not flat and horizontal.

CAUTION: Be sure that the base of pipe is flush against target and that there
is nothing between the target and the base of the pipe.

3.   Connect leads from blasting cap to firing circuit.

Method II - If non-electrical blasting cap is used:

1.   Crimp cap around fuse.

CAUTION: Be sure fuse is long enough to provide a safe delay.

2.   Follow Steps 1, 2, and CAUTION of Method I.

3.   Light fuse when ready to fire.


Section II

No. 9


				FUNNEL SHAPED CHARGE


   An effective shaped charge can be made using various types of commercial
funnels. See table for penetration capabilities.

MATERIALS REQUIRED:
-------------------

Container (soda or beer can , etc.), approximately 2-1/2 in. diameter x 5 in.
   long (6-1/4 cm x 12-1/2 cm)
Funnel(s) (glass, steel, or aluminum) 2-1/2 in. (6-1/2 com) in diameter
Wooden rod or stick, 1/4 in. (6 mm) in diameter
Tape
Blasting cap (electrical or non-electrical)
Sharp cutting edge
Explosive

PROCEDURE:
----------

1.   Remove the top and bottom from can and discard.

2.   Cut off and throw away the spout of the funnel(s).

NOTE: When using 3 funnels (see table), place the midified funnels together at
the outer ridges.

3.   Place the funnel(s) in the modified can. Tape on outer ridges to hold
funnel(s) to can.

4.   If plastic explosive is used, fill the can with the explosive using small
quantities, and tamp with wooden rod or stick.

NOTE: If castable explosive is used, refer to step 4 of Section II, No. 3.

5.   Cut wooden rod to length 3 inches longer than the standoff length. (See
table.) Position three of these rods around the explosive filled can and hold
in place with tape.

NOTE: The position of the rods on the container must conform to standoff dim-
ensions to obtain the penetrations given in the table.

				TABLE

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Funnel		 No. of		     Standoff		   Penetration
Material	Funnels		inches	  metric	inches	   metric

Glass		   1		3-1/2	  9 cm		   4	   10 cm

Steel		   3		  1	  2-1/2 cm	2-1/2	   6 cm

Aluminum	   3		3-1/2	  9 cm		2-1/2	   6 cm

* If only one steel or aluminum funnel is available:

Steel		   1		  1	  2-1/2	cm	1-1/2	   4 cm

Aluminum	   1		  1	  2-1/2  cm	1-1/2	   4 cm
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

6.   Make a hole for blasting cap in the center of the explosive with rod or
stick.

CAUTION: Do not place blasting cap in place until the Funnel Shaped Charge is
ready for use.

HOW TO USE:
-----------

1.   Place blasting cap in the hole in top of the charge. If non-electrical cap
is used, be sure cap is crimped around fuse and fuse is long enough to provide
safe delay.

2.   Place (tape if necessary) the Funnel Shaped Charge on the target so that
nothing is between the base of charge and target.

3.   If electric cap is used, connect blasting cap wires to firing circuit.


Section II

No. 10


				LINEAR SHAPED CHARGE

   This shaped charge made from construction materials will cut through up to
nearly 3 inches of armor depending upon the liner used (see table).

MATERIALS REQUIRED:
-------------------

Standard structural angle or pipe (see table)
Wood or cardboard container
Hacksaw		(If pipe is used)
Vice		(If pipe is used)
Wooden rod, 1/4 in. (6 mm) diameter
Explosive
Blasting cap
Tape

				TABLE
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Type		Material	Liner Size	   Standoff	  Penetration
				in. - Nom.	inches metric	inches   metric

angle		steel		3 x 3 legs x	2      5 cm	1-3/4	 7 cm
				1/4 web

angle		aluminum	2 x 2 legs x	5-1/2  14 cm	2-1/2	 6 cm
				3/16 web

pipe half	aluminum	2 diameter	2      5 cm	2	 5 cm
section

pipe half	copper		2 diameter	1      2-1/2 cm 1-3/4    4 cm
section
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE: These were the only linear shaped charges of this type that were found to
be more efficient than the Ribbon Charge.

Ribbon Charge: No standoff is required; juat place on target.

PROCEDURE:
----------

1.   If pipe is used --

a.   Place the pipe the vise and cut pipe in half length-wise. Remove the pipe
half sections from vise.

b.   Discard one of the pipe half sections, or save for another charge.

2.   Place angle or pipe half section with open end face down on a flat sur-
face.

3.   Make container from any material available. The container must be as wide
as the angle or pipe half section, twice as high, and as long as the desired
cut to be made with the charge.

4.   Place container over the liner (angle or pipe half section) and tape liner
to container.

5.   If plastic explosive is used, fill the container with the explosive using
small quantities, and tamp with wooden rod or stick.

NOTE: If castable explosive is used, refer to step 4 of Section II, No. 3.

6.   Cut wooden rod to lengths 2 inches longer than the standoff length (see
table). Position the rods at the corners of the explosive filled container and
hold in place with tape.

NOTE: The position of the rods on the container must conform to standoff and
penetration dimensions given in the table.

7.   Make a hole for blasting cap in the side of the container 1/2 in. above
the liner and centered with the wooden rod.

CAUTION: Do not place blasting cap in place until the Linear Shaped Charge is
ready for use.

HOW TO USE:
-----------

1.   Place blasting cap into hole on the side of the container. If non-electric
cap is used, be sure cap is crimped around fuse and fuse is long enough to pro-
vide safe delay.

2.   Place (tape if necessary) the Linear Shaped Charge on the target so that
nothing is between base of charge and target.

3.   If electric cap is used, connect blasting cap wires to firing circuit.


Pace, 1993. SWEDEN.
