Article#1:        Extraction of Potassium Nitrate from soil 
 
 
  Potassium  nitrate  can be extracted from many natural sources and  can  be 
used to make nitric acid,  black powder, and many pyrotechnics. The yield ranges 
from.1 to 10% by weight, depending on the fertility of the soil. 
 
Materials                        Source 
---------                         ------ 
Nitrate bearing earth or other    Soil contaying decaying animal or vegetable 
material, about 3-1/2 gallons.    matter. 
 
Fine wood ashes, 1/2 cup.         Totally burned wood products. 
 
5gallonbucket 
 
2 pieces of finely woven cloth, 
each slightly larger than the 
bottom of the bucket. 
 
Shallow pan or dish at least as 
large as bottom of bucket. 
 
Shallow heat resistant container 
ceramic or metal. 
 
Water,1-3/4 gallons. 
 
Awl, knife screwdriver or other 
hole producing instrument. 
 
Alcohol (ethyl or isopropyl) 
1 gallon 
 
Heat source, fire, stove. 
 
paper 
 
Tape 
 
Procedure 
--------- 
1 Punch holes in the bottom of the bucket so that the entire surface is covered 
with them. 
 
2 Place cloth flat on bottom of bucket. 
  Spread ashes on cloth. 
  Place second piece of cloth on top of ashes 
 
3 Fill bucket with earth. 
 
4 Place bucket over shallow container. Support bucket with sticks if necessary. 
 
5 Boil  water  and pour it  over earth in bucket a little  at  a 
time. Allow water to run through holes in bucket into shallow container. Be sure 
water runs through all of the earth.  Allow liquid to cool and settle for 1 to 2 
hours. 
 
6 Carefully  drain liquid into heat resistant  container.  Discard  sludge  at 
bottom of shallow container. 
 
7 Boil mixture over hot fire for at least 2 hours.  Small grains of salt  will 
appear in the solution. Scoop these out as they form and discard. 
 
8 When liquid has boiled down to about half of its original volume,  remove from 
fire and let sit. After half hour add an equal volume of alcohol. 
 
9 Make an improvised strainer out of paper tape and bucket.   Tape paper so that 
it covers the top of a clean bucket. 
 
10 Pour mixture through paper strainer.  Small white salt crystals will collect 
on top of it. These are potassium nitrate. 
 
11 To  purify   the potassium nitrate,  re-dissolve the  dry  crystals  in  the 
smallest  amount possible of boiled water (make sure they all dissolve).  Remove 
 
any salt crystals that appear (step 7) pour through an improvised filter made of 
several pieces of paper and evaporate or gently heat solution to dryness. 
 
12 Spread  crystals on plat surface and allow to  dry.  The  potassium  nitrate 
crystals are now ready to use. 
 
 
This method was tested,  it is effective. Large quantities (1 to 2 pounds) of 
potassium nitrate can be obtained this way! But be careful, and use common sense 
 
when making  pyrotechnics.  I  am  not responsible for what you  do  with  this 
information. 
 
 NEVER STORE IT AND BE CARFUL WHEN YOU'RE AROUND IT- SOUND, AIR MOVEMENTS, AND 
OTHER TINY THINGS COULD SET IT OFF. 
 
