                Creation of my favorite, thermite!


    Thermite is a powerful substance which can burn through most anything save
tungsten.  It is especially of use in trying to crack open "fortress fone's".
Now here's how you make it.  It is very simple.
        The first step in making thermite is to make hematite.  In layman's
terms, hematite is iron oxide ( rust ).  Here is a good method of making large
amounts of rust.  You will electrolyze a metal rod, such as a common nail.
You will need a source of DC power as well.  An electric train transformer is
perfect.  Attach the metal to the POSITIVE wire.  Then place the metal and the
negative wire in opposite sides of a glass jar filled with water and salt.
just enough to make it conduct well ( a teaspoon is about right[of salt] ).
Let the jar sit overnight.  In the morning, there will be a dark red coating
of crud in the jar.  Filter ( or fish ) it out with a spoon.
        Now you will need to dry the stuff out.  Heat it in an iron pot until
it all turns a nice light red.
        One other ingredient that you will need is aluminum filings.  You can
either file down a bar of aluminum, or ( as I suggest ) buy aluminum filings
at your local hardware shop.  NOTE:If you buy the bar use no less than 94%
pure aluminum. It is called duralumin.
        Thats almost it.  Now you must mix together the rust and aluminum
filings.  The ratio should be eight grams ( 8 ) of rust per three ( 3 ) grams
of aluminum filings.  That's thermite!
        Now, to light it!  Stick a length of magnesium ribbon in a pile of the
thermite.  NOTE:Local hardware stores should have it.  Chemical supply houses
will, its pretty cheap stuff.
        The ribbon should stick into the thermite like a fuse.  Now you light
the magnesium with a blowtorch.  Do not worry.  The torch is not hot enough to
light the thermite.  When the burning magnesium reaches the thermite, it will
light.  When the thermite burns, RUN AWAY!  That stuff can vaporize carbon
steel!