
                         ZENCOR Products & Services Catalog
                         ==================================

                         Version 4.00 Released Oct 1, 1992!

           To order, call our current hotline at (416) 948-3435!!!

Each entry in our catalog is an item that has been requested by a customer.
If you don't see what you want, let us know, whatever it is we can get it.

                        >>> 15% OFF FOR ZENCOR MEMBERS !!! <<<

                                +-------------------+
                                |Clandestine Goodies|
                                +-------------------+

- #4 - Forbidden Knowledge book

       The best instructional text of it's kind in existance!!! If you're
       fascinated by the forbidden world of electronic crime, computer
       fraud, and related topics, this book is for you. Forget those
       pitiful three-page documents found on computer bulliten boards.
       This is a full course teaching you how to purchase merchandise for
       free, call anywhere in the world for free, and manipulate high-tech
       security systems to get anything you want... for free!!! It's
       nearly a hundred full-color pages long, and costs only $30,
       taxes included. AMUSEMENT PURPOSES ONLY! (Now includes anti-law
       enforcement techniques, bomb construction information, etc.)

- #0 - Phreak's Phriend Devices

       We now have two modules fully developed, tested, and perfected, and
       are now offering them:

       Phreak's Phriend Module I:A telephone on steroids!
       --------------------------------------------------
       * Primary line input via a standard modular phone plug or alligator
         clips (bud box), both included. This allows you to use just about
         any type of interface in existance, even those security jacks
         out back in shopping malls, etc, and allows you to disconnect
         rapidly.

       * A multi-line linker with booster allows you to use several lines
         at once with all Phreak's Phriend modules. The booster will let you
         have conference calls that are BETTER than the expensive services
         Bell offers (You need two or more lines for this). It also allows
         the connection of fax machines, modems, answering machines, and
         anything else you want on your phreaking circuit, including boxes
         you've made yourself. The booster uses no external power and can
         be shut down with the flick of a switch.

       * Security KeySwitch restricts ALL connected devices. When the unit
         is turned off, all connected devices will be completely cut off
         and unusable unless you insert your key (two are included) to
         enable your phone system. You can remove the key in the on or off
         position as well. Now nobody can use your phone equipment when
         you're not around (police, little sisters, parents...)

       * Combination relay/voltometer/resistometer measures various
         characteristics of your telephone line. Now you know if a loop or
         extender is safe, if somebody's listening in on your conversation,
         how many phones are picked up, where a control tone or voice is
         originating from (ever get strange clicks and beeps? Now you can
         diagnose them in seconds... this will alert you to the presense of
         a Bell representative or other eavesdropper before you get yourself
         in deep shit. This is VERY USEFUL when conducting scams, and want
         to be assured of secrecy. Also can be used to determine the NPA of
         called or calling party, if they're using a diverter or loop, if
         a recorder is online, and countless other nasties a phreak should
         watch out for. Unlike similar devices I've seen, this combines the
         readings into one real-time meter, and cannot be detected (uses
         external battery or adapter power and covers it's presense with a
         variable capacitor!) and causes no clicks or noise on your line.
         This function may be active even during modem connections!

       * Silver-box dialing pad, similar to a normal telephone, but can
         generate pulse and tone signals. Also has a redial function,
         "link" button, and "pause" button (tremendously useful when dialing
         extenders, no more waiting... blast the entire number through and
         the box will automatically insert delays). The keypad is ergonomic
         and is great for fast dialing (hacking!), etc. It also sports a
         red back-light to illuminate the keys during low-light conditions
         (in an underground Bell exchange service tunnel, etc). The keypad
         is never covered by a handset or anything else, it's right at your
         fingertips!

       * Handset is light and simple, no controls or such on it. It is
         connected to the box via a modular cord which can be disconnected
         quickly. You may also substitute head-sets, hand-held mikes, etc.
         The internal speaker is NICE AND LOUD, at least 300% the volume of
         regular phones, so you can hear control tones and shit being sent
         across. Microphone is placed to minimize background noise (if
         you're doing a credit card scam, you don't want the victim to hear
         you typing or digging through papers in the background, or somebody
         calling your real name!). You can also leave the handset
         disconnected so nobody hears anything on your end.

       * Switchhook is a nice large toggle switch on the front of the
         box... no more slamming down the handset into a cradle. It also
         IMMEDIATELY disconnects you by mimicing a pay-phone type line
         reversal... no more 10-second delay between the time you hang up
         and the time the person you're calling gets a dialtone.

       * Another large toggle switch will cut off ALL OTHER phone jacks in
         your household... if Mommy picks up the phone when you're
         conducting some sort of scam, slam this switch and she'll be cut
         off. I personally find this useful when I go to answer the phone
         and there's a modem, a fax machine, and an answering machine
         answering at once. Click!

       * The box is pretty small (just over 7 X 8 X 5"), nicely finished,
         and completely portable. It's also durable as hell, I imagine more
         so than your average Bell phone. I've thrown my testing model
         around quite a bit, and it still works fine. It's also filled with
         a wax/polymer resin that cannot be melted or chipped out without
         completely destroying the box... therefore, if you're caught with
         it, the pigs can do DICK ALL to you, since they can't look at
         what's inside and verify it's some sort of fraud device). If you
         want, I'll install a bomb that will detonate if the bottom panel
         is opened (it's soldered shut with MetalMender as it is, that
         should be good enough). Pretty much waterproof as well, takes
         coffee spills and other shit... unlike Bell phones.

       * Ringer is a nice high-pitched "lblblblblblb". Rings also show on
         the line monitor, so you can tell if it's an operator, fake ring,
         ring-back, or a legitimate phone call.

       * It's all yours for $170. It costs a damn lot of money and time to
         construct, so don't bitch about the price. It's not like you can
         go down to the corner store and get one!

       Phreak's Phriend Module II:Audio processor
       ------------------------------------------

       * Simply plug in the modular cord to the first module and the two
         boxes work in synch! The boxes are the same size, color, and shape.

       * Miniature amplifier powered by a 9V battery connects to the module
         and is used to listen in on the line. This item is included! It
         can also be powered by an adapter, and you can even connect
         headphones or a recorder (with both modules and a tape recorder,
         you can automatically tape ALL calls, as soon as you go off-hook,
         recording starts, stops when you hang up) for added phun.

       * Built-in high-sensitivity omnidirectional microphone is used for
         hands-free conversation.

       * SubExchange lock-up will cause every phone in your local area
         (apartment complex or street) to go dead and do a variety of
         other neat tricks. Inverse BlackBoxing is one of them : Make
         a call and flick this small toggle switch before the first ring
         and you have a phree call. Or engage it while the phone is still
         ringing and accept incoming long-distance calls (conventional
         black-boxing) with no charge to the person calling you. Also, if
         a lock-trace or ANI begins it's nasty work (you know from the
         meter on the first module) you can do this to simulate a hang-up.
         But, of course, you're still on the line. Think if it... 976 calls,
         911 pranks, piss off neighbors, etc... You could also rig this
         box in an enemy's area (a mail-order business, pizza place, or
         other phone-intensive company is best) to cause endless harassment.
         The only problem is if you have somebody call you while using it,
         I've had various problems with this, the phone actually rings while
         you're still online, and things get fucked. I'll fix this soon.

       * RapidLink switch will simulate three-way calling on call-waiting
         lines by switching between the two parties rapidly via a small
         noiseless relay/timer IC. Sound quality sucks big-time, but hey...
         it's phree!

       * Voice disguiser is the star of the show. According to your
         specifications your voice will appear robotic, child like, in the
         opposite sex, whatever you prefer. This is too cool... you really
         must call us for a demonstration and check it out for yourself. It
         uses the built-in hands-free mic, so several people can get in
         on the fun. You can also change the connected party's voice
         (although this sounds way more mechanical). The quality is good
         enough that a young kid could order merchandise, etc in the voice
         of a 30-year-old. A MUST-HAVE FOR PRANK CALLS AND THREATS!

       * JadeBox-style linker allows you to use virtually ANY audio input
         or output device, including stereos, TVs, amplifiers, microphones,
         etc. If you have a sampler and a computer with good sound, you can
         set up your own VMB or other service. Use guitar-effect foot-pedals
         to further alter your voice, add neat sound effects to your calls,
         damn I'm still discovering new uses for this...

       * $200 for it all. I know, I know, pretty steep, but hey... I use
         FOUR FUCKING IC chips that are over $10 each, each little toggle
         costs $3.00 and tax, you get the idea. Besides, you'll never pay
         for another long-distance call.

       ANY box you can describe that has been built in the past we can
       build again for you. Let us know what you want!

- #13- Mesmerizer

       Hard to believe, but it's true. These devices can cause multiple
       targets to become unconcious in about twenty minutes via a series of
       tone pulses, seemingly inaudiable, that are picked up by the brain.
       The body begins to match it's metabolism to the tones, and as they
       are slowed, the victim(s) lapse into unconciousness... price will
       vary with type of delivery system (portable box, audio tape, etc).

                                    +----------+
                                    |Substances|
                                    +----------+

- #5 - Enhanced calcium carbide explosive

       M-80s are now illegal, but this more potent stuff is not. It's been
       used in pipe bombs, car bombs, `boom fishing', and related stunts.
       $30 per gram.

- #6 - BlackPowder explosive

       A type of smoking gunpowder, this stuff is useful for small
       stunts... Not powerful enough for effective anti-structural uses.
$10 per gram.

- #7 - C-50% explosive

       The famous plastique. Devastating formed-charge detonations.
       $50 per gram. This is heavy shit.

- #9 - Stun gas

       A special formula which, when mixed in very small amounts, will cause
       nausea, vomitting, dizziness, burning lungs, swollen mucous
       membranes, ect, rendering a victim pretty much incapable of any
       physical exertion in a few seconds, but NO LASTING HARMFUL EFFECTS.
       Great for vicious dogs, escaping from police, etc. Price varies by
       amount, potency, and type of container.

-#10 - Scent canisters

       Excellent products. Available in shit, cannibis, natural gas, and
       skunk fragrances. Two of these formulas were used by the British
       intelligence during the war years for various deeds. These liquids
       will exude a POWERFUL scent and WILL NOT WASH OFF FOR DAYS. Fill up
       a spray bottle and hit your enemy... he'll smell like your choice of
       odors for days. It must be emphasised, this stuff will NOT wash off,
       it will remain for days on any absorbant substance.

-#11 - The world's nastiest itching powder

       Experimentation by us has found the most excellent itching powder
       ever. This stuff will NOT cause immediate itching, it will work
       itself into the skin and cause TERRIBLE itching after several
       hours. Skin creams and other substances will not impede it's effect.
       This very fine powder is great for planting in a target's laundry
       detergent, assuring a month or so of constant annoyance. THIS STUFF
       IS NASTY!!! $5 per gram.

-#12 - Defecation inducer

       This is an extract from a plant called Casera Segrada, and, when
       planted in food or beverage, will cause UNCONTROLLABLE ANAL
       RELAXATION... causing the target to defecate after about twenty
       minutes. Imagine the fun! It's almost tasteless. $30 per gram.

- #8 - Electronic detonators for explosives

       We'll custom-build the electronics. Combine with any of the
       explosives offered above for time-bombs, pen-bombs, anti-automobile
       rockets, tear-gas canisters, booby-traps, whatever you like. Prices
       will vary with cost of parts and labour.

                                  +--------------+
                                  |Communications|
                                  +--------------+

- #2 - Telephone voice alterator

       Custom-manufactured device we build into any telephone or microphone
       allows you to assume alternate identities over the phone line. Seven
       different voices are selected via a slide switch. Free demonstrations
       are available... speak in the voice of a devil, small child, etc.
       Make yourself sound older or younger... change your gender...
       $50, including taxes. TO BE USED FOR HOME SECURITY!

- #3 - VoiceMailBoxes

       An answering machine that doesn't require another phone line or any
       equipment but a telephone. For only $15 monthly, we'll set up your own
       telephone number that acts as an answering machine... access it via
       any touch-tone phone, record your own greetings, listen to your
       messages, set up conferences, etc. Also, unlimited FREE long-distance
       or local calls.

                                     +-------+
                                     |Science|
                                     +-------+

- #1 - Your computerized BioRythm chart

       Strange as it may seem, this service is not akin to Ouija boards,
       Astrology, or other bullshit. World-wide scientific research seems to
       indicate that our bodies and minds (hence, our physical, mental, and
       emotional states), operate in cycles according to our metabolism,
       which is, in turn, dictated by our personality types.

       This seems to make sense, considering the other natural bodily
       functions that are proven to operate in cycles (sleep, hibernation,
       reproduction, etc).

       This allows us to plot, with the assistance of a computer, a chart
       covering approximately 28 to 32 days of BioRythem data that will give
       you a forecast of how your body and mind should be functioning on
       each of those days, using your birthdate and several personality
       questions.

       We'll send you the full-color charts, with your personal BioRythem
       cycles, and you can investigate this fascinating topic for yourself.

       Each month of data (indicate the starting date, we'll calculate your
       date from that date on) costs only $3, or order an entire year for
       $12, or ten years for $100. The prices include all shipping,
       handling, and taxes.

       The charts make really neat gifts.

       When ordering, send your answers to the following questions:
       (For questions 3+, pick only one of the options!)

       1. Your birthdate.
       2. The dates of the months you want calculated.
       3. In a minor crisis, do you remain calm, weep, or attack the
          situation?
       4. Do you prefer mind-challenging games (like chess), watching
          movies, or playing sports?
       5. When making a decision, do you carefully select the best option,
          depend on intuition, or use trial and error?
       6. Would a friend describe you as logical, impulsive, or strong?
       7. Are your life activities analytic, artistic, or psychomotor?
       8. Are you primerily intellectual, emotional, or physical?
       9. Would you prefer to be a scientist, performing artist, or
          professional athlete?
      10. If you had to discipline a dependant child, would you select
          a punishment appropriate to the crime, become too sensitive and
          forget the punishment, or give the child a spanking?
      11. Do you prefer to read, watch TV, or work with your hands?

                                       +---+
                                       |Sex|
                                       +---+

#14 - Adult VideoTapes

      We offer the VERY BEST in XXX films... Instead of offering a list of
      titles, you tell us what you enjoy watching in a sex film... and we'll
      search our libraries to find an item you'll like. If we don't have the
      title stocked in our archives, we guarantee we can find the title you
      are searching for. We'll pack a VHS tape with your selected items,
      using the finest quality duplicating equipment and materials.
      A 6-hour tape costs $50, or three 6-hour tapes (18 hours) for $100.
      Each film usually costs $89.99 U.S funds, plus taxes, shipping, etc,
      so to get inferior quality tapes equalling 18 hours, it would cost
      over $1,900 in Canada. What better deal could you ask for?

#15 - Condoms

      Assorted sizes, types, colors, flavors. $2 each.

#16 - Phone Sex Lines

      We'll supply the number and appropriate access codes for $10 an hour.

                               +-------------+
                               |Sound & Music|
                               +-------------+

#17 - Digital Sound Laboratory

      Just about any sound manipulation service you can imagine, we can
      provide. Sampling, effects, copyright infringement investigation,
      mixing, transcribing, whatever!!! Just let us know what you need.
