Original Message Date: 12 May 92  05:53:48
From: Dick Gladden on 1:381/5
To: Tom Jennings on 1:125/111
Subj: FNEWS919 editorial
^AINTL 1:125/111 1:381/5
We in El Paso received almost no SF coverage, so I can't comment on that 
part of your editorial. We got lots of LA news, though, beginning the 
first night... in fact, NBC preempted "Nightline" and substituted local LA 
NBC channel news.

From what could be determined, on the afternoon of the King verdict, 
rioting began with rock throwing at _one_ intersection. A local news 
helicopter happened on the melee, hovering above it, broadcasting live 
(wunnerful, wunnerful) fully revealing the absence of police or any other 
authority.

What does one do when one is at home watching live TV coverage of their 
local neighborhood being bludgeoned and looted? Stay home or join in? A 
few joined in and the rioting/looting/killing was on. Apparently several 
hours passed before police took any action and, by that time, the 
situation was beyond their control, requiring Federal help.

Next to a couple of TV news editors, for failing to realize the 
consequences of live broadcasting, LA police bear the brunt of the blame 
for their impotence, in light of the King verdict.

Mayor Bradley also earns a dishonorable mention for throwing gasoline on 
the situation in his "verdict protest" speech at a church assembly late 
that afternoon. Also turns out he and Chief Gates hadn't been on speaking 
terms for a year. (There had been no contact between these two individuals 
for more than 13 months so no coordinated contingency plans had been made.)

Whether "class vs class" or "race vs race" or "class vs race", there is no 
excuse for what transpired that afternoon and subsequently. A generation 
of trust and respect was destroyed in those few days.

Incidentally, down through history, shooting of looters who fail to 
stop/surrender... whatever, has been SOP. It shouldn't have been a 
surprise to you; absence of it in LA was a surprise to me.

As to the King trial, I suppose the outcome was predictable. Change of 
venue, jury mix, and prosecution's dependence on 90 seconds of tape wasn't 
enough to render a "beyond all doubt" verdict.

What you and I and everyone else saw via the tape we really didn't see. 
Taping was done at a telephoto setting which compressed the scene (in 
other words all were not in as close proximity to one another as they 
appeared). Remarks made over police radio were inexcusable but I assume 
they weren't being made by the participants, rather by onlookers.

The judges' charge to the jury was proper, that a true verdict must be 
rendered on evidence alone. If prosecution was bungled, lacking, whatever, 
the jury could not render a verdict based on "feelings"... no matter 
what... only on the pro and con evidence presented.

Lemmie tell you, I performed Federal jury duty from January through April 
last year, and it's hard work. One case I was assigned to was the first 
bank failure/fraud (criminal) trial to arise out of the FDIC mess. 
Defendant was a female bank president of Western Bank, here in El Paso, 
was found guilty though not of all charges (there were 6). Over 100 
documents were entered into evidence plus there was testimony from several 
dozen witnesses. All in all, it was a mind boggling experience.

Contrast this with the 6 week Simi Valley trial, multiple defendants, etc. 
and I can imagine the ordeal those jurors were subjected to. It ain't easy 
and it ain't quick, like a 90 second tape sequence would make it seem. To 
fully understand, one has to serve and emotions play no part... not in 
_criminal_ proceedings.

Conclusion... and sad to say, don't count on police for protection. I'm 
presently shopping for a .357 to carry in my Blazer and fully intend to 
shoot the first individual who smashes out a window to grab at me. Bev 
suggested a 16 round Glock instead, but it won't fit into my pensioners 
budget. This is a heck of a way to wind up life.

Both Bev and I have been physically attacked since your June visit here... 
she in a school hallway several months ago, and me in LA last October, but 
that's another story. Here's something of interest from a local echo, 
particulary the last paragraph:

Original Message Date: 10 May 92 13:22:04
From: Daniel Hagan
To: Jason Duke
Subj: Rodney King and Riots
> I think it's a bunch of malarky!  I don't care if he [Rodney
> King] was speeding, doing drugs, or whatever!  They [the
> four police men] had no right to beat the heck out of him.
> "They feared for their lives..." BULL!  Four agains one is
> not fear; it's hatred!

Afraid not my friend.  I've worked on many patients 'loaded' on PCP...I
can tell you all day long how much strength there is in these people, and
you just wouldn't beleive it unless you saw it.  My worst case, the
patient broke loose out of the restraining belts on our CT
machine...incidentally, the belts are the same used in cars and were
pretty new at the time (we change belts based on dirt, not wear and tear
- none have ever been broken before).  After the guy "got loose", it took
six of us over 5 minutes to get him under control...the advantages we had
were that he had one of four belts still holding him down.  The two
physicians near his shoulders were being elevated completely off the
ground!  At one point he had 4 out of six of us off of the ground (that's
about 600-700 lbs. of body in the air if you're averaging).

Now King was found *not* to be on PCP, but you can't tell until the lab
test...if I'm ever picked as a juror and there's PCP involved, the guy's
history...I don't care what ethnicity he is.

In King's case, they probably could've gotten him under control a little
earlier, but I noticed that the other officers were doing the same thing
that happened in our room when the patient went bezerk...they stand there
and wait for someone else to move in first.  A couple of us that were
caught in close on the patient really took a beating waiting for the
'others' to quit wimping out and jump in.

>---
> * Origin: Health Professionals BBS (915) 590-9798 (1:381/61)

Original Message Date: 13 May 92  11:59:02
From: Tom Jennings on 1:125/111
To: Al Koller on 1:374/3
Subj: re: Fidonews 19
^AINTL 1:374/3 1:125/111
I think you misunderstood my point about "the whole LA thing" -- I was 
depressed, annoyed and angered at the broadscale simplification of 
things. I did not state nor imply I thought the "riots were good", in 
any way. I simply meant that they were "inevitable" -- ie. they were 
provoked by a complex combination of factors.
 
If somehow you think I meant that the "four black guys" beating that 
dtruck driver was OK, or even tolerable, then either I screwed up in 
my presentation or you are reading into it because I didnt touch upon 
the usual, expected "I condemn this" points.
 
I thought it more than obvious that those people, and anyone else 
doing more than immediate self-defense, are criminals, period. 
 
So likely we're in agreement more than we might have thought...

PS: I wonder how many people thought, that because I said "I was 
there" re: SFs rioting/looting, that I was taking part. What a curious 
assumption, that I had not anticipated (my problem!).
 
Actually, I was working two blocks from it (Folsom/2nd) and the bus I 
needed to take home was shut off. My other choice was to go across 
town and get another bus that approaches my (remote) neighborhood form 
another angle. I decided to detour through the downtown area and 
observe. I observed and stayed out of trouble. There were lots of 
"office people" doing the very same thing.


Original Message Date: 13 May 92  12:09:21
From: Tom Jennings on 1:125/111
To: Dick Gladden on 1:381/5
Subj: re: FNEWS919 editorial
^AINTL 1:381/5 1:125/111
Thanks for your message. I've already gotten flamed for some 
assumptions I didnt cover in my little editorial; some I skipped 
intentionally, some I didnt think about.
 
Mainly, my take on this whole thing is that it is very complex. The 
crux of it wass, it didnt start Thursday and is not over now. It is a 
historical piece, and not very many are blameless.
 
The mere fact that a (pick one) "crazed black guy attacked the cops 
and was taken out ASAP" or "the cops excessively and systematically 
beat a black man" turned into a full-scale riot, is a little odd, no?! 
One can certainly imagine a localized response; what did happen 
indicates larger troubles, whereever they may lie, and I have my 
guess. I believe they will overlap your in some areas, and be 
diametrically oppsed in others. Oh well! :-)
 
In any case it will be fun to watch the responses come in, one already 
did. They person assumed I thought the riots were "good", that I was 
simply opposed to all cops forevcer, that I took part in the SF 
rioting (I was *there*, he took it to mean I took part...), and 
because I added data that wasnt pretty (the nurses accounting of 
gunshots no in the media) that I am taking some leftoid stance. 
 
Actually, I wish I had stated my distaste with peoples responses to 
this thing more. Both law'n'order types, as well as "alternative 
types" like some of my friends (heyt I've got cop friends too dont 
forget). The leftists looked eeven more foolish as even, the more 
extreme ones with "REVOLUTION IS THE HOPE OF THE HOPELESS" banners, 
Sigh.
 
I hope for a revolution too, but it hadnt ocurred to me breaking 
windows was part of it. The one I hope and work for quite explicitly 
is the one in your head -- learning that you (collectively, not you 
DIck, youve figured this out way back!) have control over things in 
your own life, and that a lot of beaurocracy and "authority" is like 
what Dorothy found in Oz -- "IGNORE THE MAN BEHIND THE CURTAIN!" when 
Toto revealed the Great Wizard. Ie. a belief system, and a not very 
imaginative one at that.
 
I have been contemplating a great graffiti -- I'm sure you hate the 
very htought, but it will actually be more like a mural on say an 
outof the way highway onramp buttress wall, not someones house/biz! -- 
a great soloar system mural with the huge sun in one corner, Mercury 
close in, Venus, Earth, Mars, etc (throw in some out-size but 
otherwise correct sattelites, moon, etc) with a schematic orbit of the 
Viking (Mars lander) with a slogan in two piece, huge leters, top and 
bottom ---
 
        FUCK THE MILITARY --
 
 
                        LET'S GO TO MARS!!
 

In other words, the Mars expoloration could be the bigges tboondoggle 
ever, since the Pentagon and the Cold War. It would be a coup fo 
r Bush and the big biz piggies, AMerican supremacy (damn right here!), 
massive developmental programs, civvie offshoots, non-lethal to boot 
(OK the ozone holes punched by chlorine-based propellents is bad, but 
thats part of development) its such a pure, squeaky-clean project... 
infinite in size... 
 
... and sadly, a measure of the dimwittedness of the players today; 
too busy looking for Enemies Within to look outwards. The stupid shits.


Original Message Date: 13 May 92  12:25:43
From: Tom Jennings on 1:125/111
To: Dick Gladden on 1:381/5
Subj: re: FNEWS919 editorial
^AINTL 1:381/5 1:125/111
Two points in your mention of my ed:
 
Juries *can* vote their conscience. It is the final check in the 
balance of power, and exactly *why* juries are the last word. It may 
be "legal" for the judge to say that, but that doesnt mean its any 
good. It cetainly is not in the intereest of prosecutors to tell 
juries of FIJA...

 
I think the escalation part is complex too. OK, so this Bad Thing 
happened out on the street. People hear/see it, and go to watch; some 
with preconceptions (where did they get them), some not. Some cops 
angrily yell GET AWAY people say huh? Oh yeah? anger rises, some back 
off, understanding, stupid people take it personally, some hate the 
cops Just Because, some say "we dont know what happened" then see one 
asshole cop push someone away... the whole cast of characters in one 
giant mess of complex interactions.
 
The solution to the problem is NOT AT THIS LEVEL -- its too late once 
it gets here, witness the unfolding ov events. I do think it was 
inevitable, and I also think it was preventable, but it doesnt involve 
the short loop of "more cops on the street", but the larger one of: 
why is it this way in the first place?
 
Easy to say, huh.


