		  I HAD TO HAVE THIS BOY
	
	The cold air stung my lungs at I glanced over at Matt.  It was so 
cold his breath was frosty in the air.  He looked at me and quickly 
glanced away.  
	I was extremely drunk.  I had just broken up with my long-term 
boyfriend earlier in the week, the boy who had taken my virginity.  I had 
vowed to get completely smashed this weekend.   Now here I was, being 
escorted home by a freshman 'cause my friends didn't want me walking home 
alone.  I had been crying, so drunk at the party, I had insisted on going 
home NOW and so they grabbed Matt and told him to walk me home because 
everybody else was either too drunk to drive or busy getting on somebody.
	My heart raced when our eyes had briefly met.  I knew this boy 
had a crush on me, and it drove me wild.  I had just wanted to say, 
"Awwwwhhhh" all year, whenever he had come up with a lame excuse to talk 
to me, to stand by me, whenever he had gathered the courage to utter a 
word to me.  It made my stomach flutter when he stammered mid sentence as 
he tried desperately to find something to say next.  
	I remember the time his buddies grabbed me at lunch, yelling, 
"Hey Matt, it's your girl!  It's your girl!"  What could I do but look 
away, pretending I didn't hear as he told them to shut up, red faced.  I 
felt bad for him, the way his buddies teased him.  Well, maybe he was 
rather immature, even for a freshman.  I couldn't help but remember the 
senior I had had a crush on when I was a freshman, and wondered if Matt 
had some of the same thoughts about me, especially at night, as I had had 
about that boy.  
	But right then I was so drunk, I nearly tripped over the curb as 
I stepped over it.  I wanted to say something to him, but the silence was 
deafening.  I started crying again, saying how I hated my ex-boyfriend 
and how my life sucked.                                 
	"Oh, come on," Matt said.  "Maybe you're better off without him."
	"Really?" I asked.
	"Yeah.  Yeah, you deserve better."
	"Thanks.  You're so nice Matt!"  I exclaimed, fawning (my usual 
drunk line: "You're so nice!").
		His blue eyes, framed by long lashes, studied my face as 
we walked in the moonlight.  I knew he knew I was drunk.  I wondered what 
he was thinking, if he had had some great plan all along to get me into 
bed that he never *quite* got a chance at, considering I had always had a 
boyfriend since he had known me.  Maybe some plan that he was always 
altering here and there, while he never gave up. I wondered if he was 
thinking it was now his big chance. 
	I leaned on him suddenly, wrapping my arms around him while I 
sobbed into his shoulder, "Matt, you're so nice..."
	He awkwardly put his arm around me, whispering, "Don't cry" to me 
as we tried to continue walking while I was nearly backward, my arms 
still around him as I clung to him desperately.  I continued crying as we 
reached my house.  
	He stood awkwardly on my doorstep as I tried to unlock the door 
and undo the security system at the same time.  I'm sure he didn't know 
what to, if he should  listen to his common sense that was telling him I 
would laugh at him hysterically and tell him to get lost if he asked to 
come in, or whether to go with his primal urges and stay around.  I 
wondered if he could ignore the bulge I had felt in his pants as I had 
clung to him, my seventeen year-old body pressing against his.  I 
wondered if I could ignore it.  
	The door swung open, into the pitch black house.  
	"Come in with me," I pleaded grabbing his hands as my eyes tried 
to focus.   "I'm scared-it's all dark," my voice croaked.
	"Ok," he whispered, staring at my hand as I grabbed his clumsily 
and pulled him in.  The door closed behind us and we were emerged in 
darkness.  
	I pulled him toward my bedroom.  I could hear his rapid breathing 
over the soft sounds of his tennis shoes on the hall carpet.  Thank God, 
my parents were out of town that week.  
	"See if anybody's in there," I ordered, pushing him in my room as 
I hung back in the hallway, still crying.
	"I'm sure there's nobody in..." he started to protest.
	"Just do it," I whined.  
	He reached in and turned on my light.  No one in there.
	He glanced around my room, taking in everything instantly: from 
the box on my floor filled with picture frames and miscellaneous junk 
left over from my relationship with Ryan, to my stuffed animals on the 
shelf, and finally to my double bed with the soft pillows and down 
comforter.  His eyes stopped dead at the bed, and he swallowed.  I 
wondered if he'd fantasized about my bed before, me sleeping in it, 
himself being in it, maybe about making love to me under its covers.
	I walked past him into the room and switched on the bed side 
lamp.  I sat on the bed and put my head in my hands.  God, I was drunk.  
	I don't know how long I sat like that as Matt stared at me, but 
finally I heard his low voice stammer, 
	"Umm, umm, do you want me to leave?"
	My eyes refused to focus as I looked at him standing in the 
doorway. 
	"Wait, comere..."  I said to him.  He walked over to me slowly, swallowing.
 He sat on the bed next to me.  He was so nervous.  He rubbed his palms on
his thighs- was he sweating?
	"Are you gonna go back to Dana's?"  (Dana was my best friend 
whose house the party at been at; Matt was friends with her little 
brother Mike, which was how he got to a senior party in the first place).
	"I dunno," he said.  "Mike was getting with some girl earlier and 
I"m not sure he wants me to still spend the night.  I might just walk 
home, it's not that far."
	"But it's so cold!" I exclaimed, looking at him like he was the 
bravest guy in the world.  
	"Oh," he said shyly, smiling down at his hands, which were 
conveniently in his lap, hiding the bulge from me.
	I stood up, and he immediately stood up too.  I walked around to 
the end of my bed, where I paused, not remembering what I was looking for 
or where I had been going.  Instinctively, he followed me and stood next 
to me as I began laughing drunkenly, incoherently exclaiming about how 
funny it was that I didn't know what I had been going to get.  He smiled 
at me, still studying my face with his huge blue eyes.  I grabbed his 
jacket and laughed hysterically into his shoulder.  I put my arms around 
him and snuggled close to him.  I could feel his heart pounding.  
	My arms still around him, I drew back and smiled at him.  My 
smile faded, and his eyes grew panicky as I just looked at him.  I rose 
up on my tip toes and kissed him gently on the mouth.  He sucked in air 
rapidly; God, I thought the boy was going to hyperventilate.  I didn't 
pull back though, and he began to kiss me back.  I opened my mouth and 
slipped my tongue in to touch his.  My arms wrapped tightly around his 
broad shoulders while we kept kissing.  His hands slid down my back, 
bravely resting on my ass.  
	My insides were quivering, I hadn't felt this way in a long 
time.  I pulled away again, and slid my hands down his hard chest as he 
stared at me.    
	 "Matt," I whispered.  "Have you ever made love before?"
	 He gulped again, and shook his head, not looking me in the eye, 
as he hung his head.  Oh, I thought, he's embarassed about his 
virginity!  My heart swelled.  I began kissing him again, his neck and 
his ear while he breathed out in a rush.  
	"Make love to me tonight," I pleaded in a whipser.  "Matt, please 
make love to me."
	"Yes," he whispered back.  "Oh God, yes."
	I began slowly undressing him, unbuttoning his shirt and pulling 
it off while I kissed the soft white skin of his chest.  My tongue licked 
his hard nipple.  
	We lay on the bed and kissed.  Eager, and not knowing exactly 
what he was supposed to do, he practically tried to stick it in me before 
we were even completely undressed.
	"No, no," I gently said.  "Not yet...  Not that yet."  I pushed 
him off me gently, and got him on his back.  First I kissed his mouth, 
and his ears, and his neck.  I licked both his nipples, and lay my head 
down on his muscular chest as it heaved up and down rapidly.  He stared up at
me, and I returned his stare, kneeling next to him on the bed while I leaned
over him.  My fingers lightly ran over his ribs, and I kissed each one.
 Slowly 
moving south, teasing, I stuck my tongue in his belly button as he 
groaned, knowing I'm sure the direction I was headed in and what I was 
after.  I kissed the baby fine hairs below his navel.  They ran in a 
streak down into his jeans.  I finished unbuttoning his jeans, and he 
lifted up so I could pull them off.  His hard cock stuck out of the hole 
in his underwear.  Odd thought, I wondered if his mother folded her son's 
underwear.  I wondered what she would think if she could see him now...
	His underwear off completely, I began teasing him as his 
breathing became even more coarse and rapid.  I began licking his thighs, 
and then kissing his pubic hair as his cock rubbed in my long hair.  He
stared at me, his eyes glassy, as I crawled between his spread thighs.  I
kept massaging them and 
running my tongue through his pubic hair.  He groaned, I knew I was 
driving him crazy.  I looked up at him; our eyes locked.
 "Please," he whispered, begging me for more.
	I continued kissing his thighs, then moved my head up and let my 
tongue slightly touch his warm balls.  He gasped, his hips jerking up.  I 
swallowed one of his balls while he moaned, "Oh my God...."  I slid my 
tongue up the length of his long hard dick.  I swirled my tongue around, 
and slid it back down to his full balls.  I gently took one into my mouth 
and sucked it a little.  I tongued the underside of his dick's head, and he
cried out.  I finally 
took the swollen head into my mouth and sucked it.  I rubbed his shaft 
with my hands while his hands gripped my head, his fingers running 
through my hair.  I took the whole thing into my mouth and began pumping, 
sucking his dick rapidly.    All the while he was whimpering like a baby.
 His hips began slowly rocking, bucking to meet 
my mouth instinctively.  I glanced up at him without letting go of my 
prize.  His head was thrown back on the pillow, his eyes closed and his mouth
open.  
His hip thrusts became faster, sticking his cock into my throat and 
nearly gagging me while he gripped my head.  My God, I thought, he's 
fucking my mouth.  His whimpering became louder and he started to yell 
while I sucked faster, as fast as I could.  
	"OhmyGod, ohmyGod," he yelled, as his whole body stiffened.  "I'm 
coming, I'm coming!" he groaned as his sperm exploded into my mouth and 
down my throat.  His hips were lifted off the bed completely as he tried 
as desperately as he could to get as deep as he could.  He came so much I 
couldn't handle it all and it seeped out of the corners of my mouth.
	"Yeah, baby, yeah!" he grunted.  With one final "Unngghh!" he 
collapsed on the bed and tried to catch his breath.  I looked up at him 
from between his sweaty thighs and saw his facial expression.
  Oh God, I thought, he's in heaven.  
	I licked the rest of Matt's come off of his dick.  I loved this 
power I had over him, being so much more experienced than the guy (a new 
situation for me).  He was completely enamored of me, of what we had just 
done, and what was still to come.  
	I crawled up to him and layed next to him.  I put my head on his 
chest and hugged him while he stroked my hair.  I kissed his pecs and 
rubbed his shoulders.  Then I lay on my back and looked up at the ceiling 
without saying anything.
	He looked over at me first, then leaned over and kissed me.  He 
began kissing my neck and fondling my breasts.  He was too rough at 
first, squeezing my nipples and kneading my tits, pinching them, 
fascinated with the new toys I had presented him with.  I gasped in pain 
and he looked pleased, probably thinking I was in pleasure.  The darling 
boy was so eager to please.  I pushed his hands away and he looked at me, 
questioningly.  
	"No, you're being too rough," I said.  I looked down at myself.  
"Don't you think I have pretty breasts?"
	"Yeah..." he said.
	"Don't you want to kiss them?" I asked.
	 Matt looked down at my body. He started by gently tonguing my 
nipples and kissing my chest all over, then began sucking on them.  His 
hand explored my cunt, and he inserted a couple of fingers in, exclaiming 
how wet I was.  I gasped aloud and moaned when his tough fingers found 
my clitoris, and he quickly looked up in surprise.  
	"Do you like that?" he asked in delight. 
	"Oh Matt, yes," I moaned.  
	"Here?" he asked, curious, rubbing my clit.
	"Yeah, right there oh God don't stop!" 
	Happy where he was, he continued sucking my breasts and finger 
fucking me while his thumb rolled over my clit.  Spreading my legs apart, 
I gently pushed him lower.  I lifted one knee up.  He stared at me, maybe 
nervous about being inexperienced.  But he set his mind up to go for it.  
His hard cock stuck out like a pole from his belly as he repositioned 
himself between my legs. 
  I gasped in pleasure as his wet mouth attached itself to my quivering 
cunt.  His tongue slipped in to my vagina and explored my insides.  Armed 
with his new information, he didn't neglect my clitoris, but instead 
worshipped it with his tongue and lips.  I kept encouraging him with 
groans and yelps and words.
	"Oh Matt, honey!" I groaned.  "God, Matty, don't stop!  Don't 
stop!"  It's not like I was in any danger of his going anywhere; he was 
glued between my open thighs, happily eating his first pussy.  He kept 
sucking and sucking me and pretty soon the room began to spin.  "Ohhh, 
I'm coming I'm coming!" I shrieked while every nerve in my body danced.  
I shook all over and grabbed his head and pushed it into me.  He looked a 
little alarmed, but extremely pleased with himself, which drove me 
crazy.  My heart rate, pounding in my ears, slowed as my orgasm subsided.  He
continued eating me, making me horny again.  Besides, I'm 
insatiable when I'm drunk.  
	I noticed he was absentmindedly stroking his stiff virgin cock 
while his tongue plunged into my cunt.  I motioned for him to move up.  
He scrambled up next to me and began kissing me.  I spread my legs apart 
and whispered in his ear, "Matt, put it in me..."
	He was on top of me in a flash, after all, *this* is what he had 
been waiting for for fifteen years.  *This* is what he thought of 
constantly, what every other guy talked about constantly.  Heaven awaited 
him between my spread thighs. 
	With one arm supporting him, the other gripped the head of his 
purple cock which he aimed at my dripping box.  He eased in the head, and 
then shoved the entire length in while we both gasped in pleasure.  He 
lay on top of me, and thrust his dick in deeper, banging against my 
cervix while I cried out in pain.  My sweaty thighs gripping his hips, he 
pumped a few times more, but in his innocence and extreme excitement he 
pulled out completely and got off center as he began to come.  His hands 
supporting him while I cradled his head on my shoulders, he desperately 
began humping my thighs and pubic mound.  He frantically tried to get it 
back into me but failed and began shooting his hot come all over 
my thighs. 
	"Oh God I'm coming," he gasped into my ear.
	"Come, Matt, come!" I whispered back.  His voice waivered as he 
let out a cry.  
	 He collapsed onto me.  I held him in my arms and began kissing 
him.  He pulled away, and didn't look me in the eye as he whispered, "I'm 
sorry," and looked down between us at the mess.  "I know, I came too 
soon," he said sadly, "I'm sorry..."
	My stomach lept to my throat as I thought of how sensitive he was 
being of me and my needs, how desperate to please me he was.  The thought 
of him being upset by his perceived lack of a "good" performance made me 
want to cry.  I grabbed his face and made him look at me.
	"No, don't be sorry," I said.  "It was wonderful; I loved it."  
It was the truth.
	He gave me a shy smile and looked again at the sticky mess that 
we were encased in.  He rolled off me and lay on his back staring at the 
ceiling, still smiling embarassedly.  I told him not to worry about it 
and grabbed some Kleenex and cleaned us off.  
	"See?" I said.  "All gone!"
	I snuggled up close to him underneath the covers.  We kissed and 
rubbed each other and giggled.  We lay on our sides facing each other, 
our hips pressing together.  
	His dick soon stiffened, poking against me.  He grinned at me.  
He rolled onto his back and pulled me on top of him.  I spread my legs 
and guided it in.  I lay on him at first, my breasts pinned against his 
chest, and fucked him hard.  The I 
sat up and rode him while he lay back with a huge smile on his face, 
fondling my tits.  I couldn't believe how much pleasure I was 
experiencing with this boy.
 I crawled off of him and lay on my side with my back to his chest.  I 
pulled his glistening dick between my legs.  Our hands met down there as 
both of us together put his long dick into my cunt.  He began thrusting 
into me rapidly from behind, grunting his approval.  I led his hands to 
my clit which he played with, his dick in me all the way.  He got me onto 
all fours and continued fucking me.
	"Oh, doggy style, huh?" I laughed, at his initiative.  "You like 
doggy style!"
	"Hell yeah," he grunted at me.  I banged him backwards, meeting 
each of his thrusts and drowning in pleasure.  He massaged my ass, 
gripping my hips and then reaching down with one hand for my clit, his 
new best friend.  I shrieked in pleasure from his fingers manipulating my 
clit like that.   He was a quick learner, that's for certain.  He leaned 
over me, his chest pressed into my back while his arms supported him next 
to mine.  His large hands covered my small ones on the bed, while he kept 
thrusting his slippery dick into me.  He breathed and groaned in my 
ear.   I groaned back, and kept encouraging him with words and noises.  
	I sat up suddenly, knocking him back into a sitting position on his knees.  
"Sit, sit," I told him.  We kept it in somehow and I sat on him like 
that, my ass grinding into his groin while my thighs straddled his.  He 
clasped me to him, and held my breasts with one hand while the other went 
between my legs.  I fondled his balls between my thighs and he played 
with my clit.  My head lolled backward on his shoulder as I moaned, and I 
twisted around and we kissed.  
	"I'm gonna come again," he groaned.
	"No," I ordered playfully.  "You're not allowed!  Matty, you're 
not ALLOWED to come yet!" 
	"Awright, but I'm gonna if you don't hold still," he warned.
	I stopped moving and held still.  He didn't move a muscle, and in 
fact he was holding his breath.  I'm almost started to laugh, but he was 
gripping my body so tightly I could barely breathe myself.  He let his 
breath out, and said ok.  
	I returned to rocking him back and forth.  It was too much for 
me, his fingers pressed into my clit and rubbing it around, plus his hard 
dick lodged into me, all made me come again.  "Ohh, ohhhhhh!  Yes!" I 
breathed.  "I'm coming, Matt you're making me come again you fucker!
 OooOOOOooh...!"
	"No, you're not allowed, not allowed to at all!" he joked.
	My world went white; my body exploding in pleasure as I laughed.  The
combination of the two, laughing hysterically and coming at the same 
time, was unbelievably incredible.  I ground my hips into him violently,
trying to milk every ounce of pleasure out of it that I could.  He groaned
loudly as my vagina spasmed several times, clenching his dick tightly.  I
breathed hard, spent.   
	Exhausted, and teasing a little, I got off him and fell on my 
back on the bed,  covering my eyes with my forearm and crossing my legs 
at the ankles.  
	"That was great Matty, really great..." I murmured, moving my arm 
a little so I could see him.  Matt still sat on the end of the bed, his 
swollen dick pulsating up in down, still needing me desperately.  The 
look on his face was partial panic, not knowing whether I was done with 
him or not, and partial amusement, knowing I was teasing him.
	I removed my arm completely and, raising my knees up, smiled at 
him.  "Comere!" I said, holding my arms out to my boy.  "Comere..."
	He was in me again quickly, this time with my raised legs over 
his shoulders.  We kissed passionately, our wet mouths open and our 
tongues prying in and intertwining, while his hips bucked, his cock in me 
so deep.  He thrust again and again.  Soon, his breathing became even 
more rapid and he cried out as he shot jets of his sperm into me.  He 
groaned and kept thrusting faster and faster, then eventually slower, and 
slower, until finally he fell out and we just lay holding each other.
	He kissed me.  "I love you," he whispered, his eyes shining.  
	I was much wiser than Matt, older and wiser and perhaps knew a 
lot more about love than him.  But, at that moment, held tightly in his 
arms, I loved him too, desperately.  "I love you too..." I told him.
	Matt grinned at me and kissed me again.

	THE END
