Archive-name: Bondage/hairdres.txt
Archive-author: Bon-Vue Enterprises
Archive-title: Bondage, Transvestism, Hairdressing


 c 1986 & 1993 Bon-Vue Enterprises, Inc. All Rights Reserved

     Her long flowing, sunkissed and shiny tresses fell in
loose cascading waves just below her firm breasts.  While
standing erect, her body began to tremble for she could see
nothing but a light shining ever so bright in her eyes.  Her
arms had been tied together behind her back in a very tight
and severe manner. causing her lips and face to occasionally
wince from the pain.
     Why was she here?  Who was it that brought her here?
What, GOD forbid, was to happen to her?  These terrifying
thoughts and many others began racing through her mind and
she quickly became nervous and scared.
     Then, out of the blue, she remembered and began putting
the pieces together.
     Two nights ago, Susie Silkworth, a radiologists'
assistant and former model, had been working late at the
community hospital.  She had been abducted by a man wearing
a ski mask and forced into his car.  A few blocks away, he
had made her tie her ankles while he gagged her mouth and
secured her arms.  He then forced her into the back eat in a
kneeling position so she could not see where she was being
taken.
     Three hours later, the car stopped and Susie was
blindfolded before being taken from the car.  She was then
swung over the mans shoulder and carried a short distance
and finally lowered to a carpeted flooring.  Susie laid on
the floor for what seemed hours before she felt her hair
being tugged upon and raised upward.  At that moment the
bonds on her arms were removed and as she felt the buttons
on her blouse being removed she cried out,
"No...stop...p...please don't rape me!"
     My voice was harsh and to the point, "Shut the fuck up
bitch...I've got other things on my mind and rape is not one
of them, at least not now!"  Susie stood still in total
silence and allowed me to remove her pink blouse and bra
thus exposing her two fabulously formed breasts.
     Before she had time to react, I quickly pulled her arms
behind her back and tightly secured them once again.  All
that remained on Susie's georgous figure was her white
skirt, which when unbuttoned and unzipped fell to her
ankles.  As I reached and lightly touched her pink panties,
Susie's crackled voice uttered, "w...what are you g...going
to do to m...me now?"
     Without responding, I carefully lowered her silk
panties just below her private mound and was amazed at how
beautifully shaped her pussy was.  Susie was, without a
doubt, a natural blonde as the hair protecting her most
sensitive organ was dark honey in color.  Most young women,
especially fair-haired ones, have a sparse amount of pubic
hair surrounding their pussy.  Nothing would be farther from
the truth as I gazed at Susie's fully grown and massive
bush!!  It was huge to say the least!
     After removing the rope from her ankles and lifting out
her skirt and panties, I re-secured the bonds again.  I then
walked around Susie and slowly removed the blindfold telling
her in an authoritative tone, "when I say so bitch, you turn
around real slow, got it??"  Without provocation, she nodded
her head.
     I then went back to my chair and readied the light so I
could better admire my prize captive.
     "Ok bitch, start turning around," I barked.  Slowly,
Susie began moving her feet and soon faced the bright light.
     As I had envisioned in my mind on countless occasions,
Susie Silkworth was indeed an absolute beauty!  To say she
was stunning or georgeous or beautiful wasn't enough.  She
was more beautiful than any woman I had ever seen in my
life!
     To fully enjoy the total beauty of this voluptuous
woman, I first studied her legs which were beautifully
formed; not too thin, just right.  My eyes then moved upward
and again became mesmerized by the thick curly blonde hair
between her legs.  What a magnificent bush I thought while
being hypnotized by its size and color.  After revelling and
admiring Susie's soft honey colored pussy, my eyes focused
upon her superbly formed breasts.  They were full and
protruded outward.  Her nipples were light in color and
appeared to be soft.
     At long last my eyes looked into Susie's face.  She had
a most beautiful and flawless complexion, with the exception
of a small beauty mark on her left cheek.  Her high cheek
bones gave her a look of aristocracy, despite the fact that
her full succulent lips were trembling ever so slowly.
Susie's pale blue eyes were fully constricted due to the
bright light shinning in them.  I could see them dart from
side to side searching out her captor.  Finally, after
admiring her model like features, my eyes feasted upon her
very lovely hair.  For it was Susie's trusser, first and
foremost that initially attracted me to her eight months
ago.
     Susie's golden mane was breath taking to say the least!
Even a NON-HAIR FETISHIST would be moved to excitement over
her lush and silky crowning glory.  She wore it in a simple
yet very elegant coif; parted in the middle and falling in
ever so casually sensuous and sexy waves which framed her
beautiful face and ended well past her shoulders.  At both
temples, the sun streaked hair had been precision cut so
that three inch waves blossomed and framed her forehead and
sides.  The pale and dark blonde hair, caused by the sun,
accentuated the waves ever so artistically.  Susie was
absolutely stunning and her georgeous blonde hair made her
ever so beautiful!
     Now, this prize beauty of sensuous proportions and
magnificent hair was mine to train and tame.  When finished,
Susie would become a totally subservient and sexual slave to
my every whim-especially HAIR!!
     To begin her training, I got up from my chair and
approached my captive from behind and barked the command,
"Get on your fucking knees bitch...now!"  Hearing the words
and the hateful tone of my voice, Susie immediately bent her
knees and dropped herself on the carpeted floor.  With hair
brush in hand, I came around front and using my free hand I
forced her head downward saying, "Don't move your head or it
will be more painful...and by the way slave, when I give you
a command your ONLY response is 'Yes, Master', you got that
bitch?"  Susie's response was very weak so I instinctively
grabbed a handful of blonde silk and giving it a good jerk
sarcastically said, "I can't hear you slave...speak up
cunt!"  This time her voice was much higher in volume and
had a quivering sound as she replied, "Y...Yes, Master...I
u...understand."
     Taking my time to enjoy this pleasure, I brought over a
stool and put it in front of Susie's head and slowly brushed
the hair from her nape toward me.  As the nylon bristles
were forced into the disarray of blonde silky tresses, my
free hand followed behind allowing my sensitive fingers the
joy of feeling the smooth corn silk texture of her fine sun
streaked mane.
     After fifteen minutes or more of unbelievable
exhilaration from brushing and stroking Susie's sensational
hair, my cock swelled to a size I've never seen before.
Quickly, I stood up and dropped my pants and jockey shorts
and sat back down on the stool.  Birching forward and back I
immediately grabbed a handful of her hair and began
caressing my erect organ.  God did it feel good as I slowly
moved the soft silky hair over my ever so sensitive cock.
Then with both hands, I grabbed her hair and put it all
between my legs legs and began humping her mane.  It felt
just like sliding in and out of a wet pussy.
     With my continuous moaning and groaning in sheer
ecstasy, not to mention the jerking and tugging to her hair,
Susie had to know what I was doing but never said a word.
     I continued thrusting my huge swollen tool into Susie's
soft silky mane.  Every so often I slowed down and squeezed
her hair around my stiff organ.  Oh God it was wonderful!
Oh how I wanted this feeling to continue forever.
     Then before I could control the inevitable, it
happened!  I felt the rush and feverishly humped the blonde
hair and within seconds, shot a monumental load of cum into
Susie's crowning glory.  Moaning a sigh of contentment, I
carefully milked the remaining substance over her head and
watched as my once huge cock began withdrawing in my hand.
     Satisfied that I was through, I picked up the hair
brush and began unravelling the matted and wet hair.  As the
brushes teeth found the warm glob of cum, it spread it
throughout Susie's sun streaked tresses.
     When all of her hair had been brushed out, I divided
her mane into three sections.  I then began braiding slave
Susie's hair paralled to her back.  The first and second
crossover sections were brought down tight at her crown.
The third section was overlapped thus creating the first
braid.  I purposely pulled it tight which caused Susie to
whimper and moan.
     Within ten minutes, my captives once flowing mane of
golden tresses had been transformed to a single braid at her
crown.  I secured the end with a specially designed band
which won't cause any breakage of her hair to occur.  Then,
leaving Susie on her knees, I walked over to a wall and
brought back a rope with a J shaped hook attached.  Bending
over, I carefully entwined the last four inches of braided
hair through the hook.
     Returning to the wall, I pulled up the slack in the
rope which caused Susie's braid to rise upward.  "Up bitch,"
I barked.  "Stand up now!!"  As she tried to get to her
feet, I pulled on the rope thus raising Susie by her braid.
She shrieked out in pain as her hair was pulling at her
scalp.  All of her body weight was being supported by her
braid as she finally rose to her feet.
     After I secured the rope against the wall, I returned
to face my terrified captive.  She was standing erect and
her virtual braid held her in place.
     "I'll be back for you later slave.  In the meantime,
you can begin thinking of ways you can serve me...your
Master."
     Four hours later I returned and found Susie just as I
left her, standing ever so erect.  As I came forward, I
noticed her legs were trembling from the strain.  I looked
into her glassy eyes and said "when I finish with you bitch,
you will be totally subservient to my every wish.  Now tell
me slave, what have you to say?"  In a shaking voice, Susie
uttered, "You'll n...never get me to that p...point...I'll
withstand any...anything you do...you c...can't make me
change my will, no n...never, I'll n...never give in to you.
     Hearing her defiant words, I ran back to the wall and
untied the rope and gave a hard jerk causing Susie to yell
out in pain as the braid yank her upward.  I lowered it just
to where her toes touched the floor and retied the rope.
     She began screaming and yelling, "Oh p...please, I
d...didn't mean that, please let me d...down...I'll d...do
anything you ask, oh my h...hair, it hurts so much...oh
p...please let me down...my scalp is b...burning from the
p...pain, oh my hair m...my beautiful hair...I c...can't
take it anymore...Oh God please let me down!!"
     "Too fucking late bitch," I grumbled back into her
face.  "You'll learn that I am the Master and you are the
slave.  "Susie's eyes enlarged and her mouth fell open.  She
became terrified when I finally said, "It's just as well you
start your HAIR torture NOW!!
     She continued her wailing and begging as I left the
room in search of my favorite "Toys" for bondage and
discipline.  Two hours later I returned.  Much to my
surprise, Susie had adjusted to the enormous pain inflicted
to her scalp by being "hung by her hair."  She stood ever so
still on her toes and watched me as I walked again to the
wall.  "Oh God, no, no more...I beg of you...I can't take it
any longer...my heads on fire from the pain...oh please,
have mercy on me...I'll do anything, anything you
want...only, I beg you...don't hang me again," she cried out
in desperation.
     Holding the rope taunt, I raised it upward one inch.
To Susie's surprise she rose up on her tippy toes and
screamed out again, "Oh no, no more, oh God it hurts so,
please let me down."
     In minutes, my blonde captives legs were trembling and
she lost her balance.  She began swaying to and fro,
searching frantically with her toes for the floor which
would ease the immense pain to her scalp.  She then started
lurching and twitching as the pain became unbearable.  Soon
her cries and sobs turned to wails of screams as she yelled
out, "Oh p...please Master, let m...me down, I j...just
can't...take this any...anymore, oh my h...hair, it's
p...pulling so hard and it h...hurts so much, p...please, I
b...beg you, oh please h...help me!!"
     To my dismay and to Susie's delight, her toes finally
found the carpeted floor and she quickly adjusted by
stretching her toes to alleviate the incessant pair to her
scalp.
     Before this initial training had begun, I had mounted
my VCR on a tripod to capture all the events which Susie
Silkworth would endure.  Also, the single spot light aimed
at her was the only light and it shined directly on her
dangling torso.
     As I walked toward the camera, my bound and hair hung
captive didn't dare move her head for fear of loosing her
balance again.  I checked the tape and had over an hour of
playing time left.
     I then sauntered toward the wall opposite where the
rope had been tied off and turned on the overhead lights
thus illuminating the entire dungeon.
     This very unusual structure had been built underground
during the 1950's as a bomb shelter.  The man room was 20 x
40.  It had a private bathroom, kitchen and bedroom with a
king size bed.  The main room made the perfect "play-room",
primarily because it was totally soundproof!  It would be in
this room where slave Susie would be tortured and tormented
by her hair and finally succumbing to be my lifelong slave.
     The moment the overhead florescent lights were on I
looked at Susie for an expression.  She didn't let me down
as her mouth went agape and I heard a rush of air enter her
swollen lips.  Her tear swollen eyes enlarged in disbelief
at the surroundings.  Then, total fear encompassed her face
for she knew what was to happen and couldn't believe it!!
     Directly across from where Susie was tiptoing was a
cross rack which had leather restraints for wrists and
ankles.  It was built twelve inches from the wall and made
of heavy 4x4 lumber.  Next to the cross ties was a long
narrow table, measuring a mere 16 inches.  At one end there
was leather shackles and at the other, a round drum
measuring twelve inches in diameter.  This was the "Rack" in
which to stretch a captive and break her will.
     Susie then strained her eyes to her right and saw the
following; an old fashioned barber chair equipped with
leather restraints for wrists, arms, shoulders and legs.  In
front of the chair was a large rectangular mirror.  Between
the mirror and the antique chair was a shampoo basin.  On
either side of the basin were cabinets which had all sorts
of paraphernalia of a hairdresser's profession.  Susie
viewed this with apprehension as her eye brows flinched a
time or two.
     Seeing enough of that, my hung captive strained her
eyes to the left and was startled at what her swollen blue
eyes saw.  There were many chains and ropes dangling
downward.  Some were fixed while others had been looped
through pully's at the top of the eight foot ceilings.  It
was on this side of the room where I had gone to hang Susie
by her hair.
     After viewing what was to be her fate, Susie's eyes
caught mine and in a scared, quivering and apprehensive
voice asked, "Oh please Master, I'll do anything you ask,
only not..."  Her voice trailed off.  Then it picked up
again after several hard swallows.  "I b...beg you Master,
spare me of all th...this, oh God why m...me?  What do you
want of m...me?  W...why are you doing this to m...me?  Oh
God...I d...don't believe this is h...happening!!"
     With that last quivering remark, Susie lost her balance
again.  She began jerking uncontrollably and with every
unconscious jolt, a sharp pang of pain raced through to her
scalp.  The scorching pain was unbearable as she submitted
scream after death defying scream as her blonde hair held
her off the floor!!
     I left my voluptuous and sensual slave to retire to the
bedroom for a nap.  In time, she would regain her balance
and then again maybe she wouldn't I thought.
     In six hours, I returned and as I had expected, my
flaxen haired beauty was again standing erect on her tip
toes.  As I entered the chamber and approached her, Susie
tried to speak but only gasping air slithered over her lips.
She continued and failing with each attempt finally rolled
her eyes back and quit.  She had obviously had enough and
this was only stage one.
     Releasing the rope which had kept Susie upright, she
fell to the floor in an unconscious manner.  I removed the
hook from her golden braid and carefully unwrapped each
section.  Finally, her mane was set free.
     I then dragged my duped victim to the cross rack and
leaned her up against it.  Carefully, I removed the bonds
holding her arms behind her back and placed them, one wrist
at a time in the leather cuffs.  Lastly, I untied her ankles
and placed each one in the appropriate slot thus
spreadeagling my blonde captive.
     Again, I was drawn to the enormous mass of honey blonde
curls between Susie's spread legs.  As I stroked the
softness of her mound, Susie's body began moving forward and
back ever so slowly.  I wondered if she knew what was
happening o if my caressing caused her to respond in such a
sensual manner.  All the while I was fondling with her
pussy, Susie's head remained slumped forward.  Her wavy hair
fell downward past her breasts and ended below her waist.
     Not wanting to fuck her in this current state, I left
the room and went to the kitchen for dinner.  It would be
more meaningful and sensual when she would feel my huge
prick between her legs.
     Three hours elapsed before I returned and found Susie
very much awake and aware of her situation.  As soon as I
came into the chamber, she spoke out, "Ok Master...you're
the boss...whatever you want, I'll do it, only please let me
down so I can show you, please...please let me down."
     I nodded my head with approval saying, "Ok bitch, what
are you saying?  What would you do for me?  Tell me more you
worthless cunt!!"
     Susie responded instinctively, "Oh Master, I will serve
you, wait on you, anything you want...  I'll suck your big
cock, you name it and slave Susie will please you...only
please Master, let me down, I beg you my Master."
     To which I responded, "that doesn't sound sincere
enough slave.  I think you need more training.  When I'm
through, you'll know it."
     Walking over to the table near the barber chair, I
retrieved the hair brush and returned facing Susie.  As I
began brushing her glorious mane, she began talking
uncontrollably, "You can do anything you want to me but
please Master...spare my hair.  Don't hang me again.  It
hurts so much.  My tresses are my crowning glory and I do
LOVE MY HAIR.  It's how I got my start as a model.  Without
my georgous hair, I wouldn't have been able to do all those
commercials...you know the ones for Fabergi shampoo, Wella
conditioner and Ogilvie perms.  Only I've never had a perm,
ever...I'm scared it would ruin the soft silky texture of my
hair...only, I'm terrified at the thought...all those tiny
curlers in my head...oh, how heavy and tight they would be,
not to mention how unflattering and unfeminine...I get
nervous just thinking and talking about perms...So, please
Master, I beg you, I'll do anything for you, but please
spare my hair!!"
     Without letting me get a word out, Susie continued in a
scared mumbling tone about her hair.  "Oh God, I d...don't
know what I'd do if anything happened to my hair...Yea, I
know I've got a sensational body and how I love to tease
guys with my moves, but when I shake my head and feel all
those tousled curls and waves move...oh how sexy and
feminine I feel...I just know it's got to turn them on.  Oh
Master...Master, I can't beg you enough...please spare my
hair!!"
     I had no idea how much Susie loved her hair.  If she
only knew what I had in store for her and her magnificent
mane!
     Finally finishing the brushing of the right side of her
most beautiful hair, I divided three sections on this side
and began the braiding process again.  This time, I braided
her hair down past her left breast.  When finished, it
measured a full 16 inches long.  I quickly did the left side
the same as the right.  The back section of her golden
tresses escaped the braiding ordeal and was allowed to hang
down my captives back.
     With both sides tightly braided, I left momentarily
only to return with two 1 inch dowels which were 15 inches
in length.  Under each extended arm and at the center of the
cross rack was bolted a 2x4 going horizontal.  I inserted
each dowel in the appropriate hole and then left to get the
hooks and chains.
     When I returned, the blonde braided Susie watched in
total stark terror.  I grabbed the left braid, gave it a
jerk, which caused her to wince and entwined it through the
hook which had 10 inches of heavy chain attached to it.
This slight weight was enough to force Susie's head to tilt
to the left.  Seconds later, the right side was hooked.  She
was ready!
     I left my spread eaglet captive long enough to get the
cone shaped weights which would add 25 lbs. to the already 5
lbs. of chain and hook on each braid.  Upon seeing the
weights in my hands, Susie screamed out at the top of her
lungs, "Oh no, please no Master...Oh God no...it's going to
hurt like hell."  Her yelling quickly turned to sobs and
tears streamed from her eyes.  There was nothing she could
say or do to stop the inevitable.
     Holding a weight in each hand, I approached her closer
and watched her tear swollen eyes bulge as I slid the hook
at the top of each cone through the chain; first to the
left, then to the right.  Still holding the weights in my
hands, I pierced into Susie's face.  Total fear had gripped
her which was reflected in her mouth wide open and eyes
bulging.  She held her breath and then suddenly, without
warning, I let both weights drop from my hands.  They fell
over twelve inches before stopping.  Susie's head lurched
forward then back then forward again.  Her screams were
intense, like nothing I've ever heard before.
     With her head hanging down, I left the chamber.  Her
screaming and crying out was more than I could handle.
     It was now quiet in my bedroom as I scoured through
several hairdressing manuels addressing the subject of
Permanent Waving.  I read and studied the detailed drawings
for several hours and finally decided Susie's fate.
     Before retiring, I went out into the chamber and
observed my soon-to-become slave.  Her cries and screaming
had subdued to constant sobbing.  She had apparently gotten
used to the fifty pounds of weight holding her head down.
     I removed the cone shaped weights and sat them on the
floor.  With her head still slumped forward, I braided the
back section of Susie's hair.  When this pleasurable task
was done, I attached a hook through it which had over
fifteen inches of nylon rope at the end.  The rope then was
placed through an O ring mounted in the wall behind the
cross rack.  As I pulled the rope, Susie's head slowly rose
upward.  I then secured the rope.
     Her eyes were swollen and shut from the unbelievable
pain which she had just endured for the past several hours.
     Breaking and moving the smelling salts under her nose
quickly revived my captive braided slave.  I held it under
her nose for some time, making sure she was totally
conscious and awake.
     Licking her dry lips, Susie tried to speak but nothing
came forward.  She tried and tried but not a word was heard.
     As I reached down and grabbed the weights again, she
cried, "Oh n...no...n...no more...oh p...please...M...Master
its p...pulling my h...hair out...I c...can't take it
again...it h...hurts so m...much...oh God, does it hurt!!
     With her head held erect, her blonde braids on the
outside of the dowels hanging downward, I again put the cone
weight through the chain and dropped them together.
     Susie's scream continued with the moment the weights
were dropped.  The braid at her back kept her head from
linching forward.  Now she was feeling the pain to her
entire scalp.
     Her incessant wailing continued until I closed the door
to the bedroom.
     Upon awakening at 9 a.m., I had breakfast and began
dressing up for the second day of training.  Today, I was to
become Susie Silkworth's personal hairdresser.
     After putting on my orchid colored pants and black high
heels (4 inch spikes), I strapped a heavily padded bra on
and covered it with a tight fitting floral sweater.  I then
sat down in front of my make-up area and for over thirty
minutes carefully applied false eyelashes, mascara, a hint
of rouge to my cheeks and finally a flame red lip gloss.
Lastly, I went to my wardrobe and choose a light auburn
style.  This was coifed like an Egyptian Sphins; it fanned
out in a mass of heavy curls at the side and back.  It had
full bangs which fell over my forehead, almost into my eyes.
I fluffed the sides and back with a pick and arranged my
bangs.  Then I looked into the mirror for approval.  Damn if
I didn't look like a sexy woman, even for a transvestite!
     The expression on Susie's face was incredible as I
entered the chamber and sauntered over and stood before her.
She was obviously still in a great deal of pain, but my
entrance caused her to query the person who stood before and
looked into her eyes.
     When I finally spoke, she recognized the voice and her
expression was of pure shock and disbelief!  She continued
starring at my attire and make-up as I extended my hands
toward the cone weights and removed them simultaneously.  A
sigh of relief over came her as her lungs filled with air
and she began breathing normal again.
     I reached behind and removed the rope and hook which
was attached to the braid at Susie's back.  The moment I
took the hook from the braid, her head slumped forward.  She
apparently had passed out from the excruciating pain.  The
terrific pain she had endured surely drained any reserves of
strength or stamina.
     When I bent down and removed the leather ankle
restraints which spread Susie's legs outward, each leg
automatically fell below her suspended torso.  She had no
strength left.  After her wrists were removed, she fell
forward into my arms.  I then carried her over and plopped
her into the barber's chair.  With her head of three braids
hanging off the back of the chair, I quickly secured her
ankles and wrists.
     By now, my slave-to-be had endured over 24 hours of non
stop hair torture and torment.  She was beginning to break
from the pain and fatigue.  In time, I pondered, in time,
this prize beauties psyche will break and she'll be mine.
     Bringing the stool behind her and sitting down, I
slowly unbraided her golden locks.  When all three were
done, I instinctively started to brush out the braids and
gather all her hair together.
     After some time of brushing her beautiful golden hair,
I felt her head move.  She was now ready!
     As I stood up from the stool and turned the chair
around, Susie's eyes met mine and in a trembling voice said,
"Oh please Master...cut off all my hair...I know that's what
you want to do to me...please I beg you...I can't take the
pain anymore...it's too much...I've never felt pain like
that before...oh, I beg you Master...cut my hair off...cut
it all off!!"
     Without saying a word, I lifted her weakened head and
gathered her golden tresses and put them into the shampoo
bowl.  When the warm water hit her head, Susie's eyes
closed.  Slowly, I worked the shampoo into her locks.  God,
did it feel good running my fingers through her silky
shampooed mane.  For the second washing, I scrubbed harder
with my fingernails causing Susie's body to twitch and
squirm in her bonds.  She tried ever so hard to speak,
emitting only short gasps of air.  Finally she cried out,
"S...stop, oh p...please stop...that's killing me...it hurts
so much...my head is so t...tender.
     When her hair was "squeaky clean," I raised her up and
turned the chair facing the mirror.  Beginning at her nape,
I carefully began combing out the long, wet and matted hair
with a wide tooth comb.  In ten minutes, the now darkened
blonde mane hung dripping wet awaiting its final fate.
     To test how well Susie's will had deteriorated, I
pulled from the drawer a very small blue permanent wave rod
and held it to her face and in a demanding voice asked,
"what is this for, slave?...What would you like your
hairdresser to do with it?"
     Her mouth went agape as her eyes focussed on the perm
rod in disbelief.  She then began stammering and stuttering
and finally saying, "A p...perm...permanent wave
r...rod...oh, I I d...don't believe it...oh God...this
c...can't be h...happening to
m...m...me...y...you're...n...not going to p...perm me, are
you Master?  Oh n...no Master...please...d...don't p...perm
me...Oh God...no, I b...b...beg you."
     "Shut the fuck up cunt," I yelled, while grabbing a
handful of wet hair and giving it a stern jerk.  "Have you
forgotten, you are my fucking slave and I will do anything I
want to you?  As I begin winding your hair bitch, you better
not move your fucking head is that clear cunt, is it??"
Susie immediately nodded her head and as her eyes met mine
in the mirror said, "Oh yes Master, yes, it's clear...I will
be very still for you while you p...p...perm my h...h...hair
but, I'm so sc...scared and ner...ner...nervous."
     Standing behind my very frightened blonde beauty, I
began sectioning the wet sun streaked hair.  When I was
through, there were six awaiting sections to be permed.
     Beginning at Susie's right nape area I wound a small
blue rod toward her scalp at the end, gave it a hard twist
causing my bound captive to submit a whimper.  "Oh-h that
smarty Master", was her squeamish reply.  I wound two more
of the same rods and secured them just above the first.  The
fourth rod was wound downward and it rested on the third
curler.
     I then went to the cabinet and brought back two
fourteen inch knitting needles and with a surgeon's
precision, placed each through the rubber band of the fourth
rod and forced the end between the second and third rod.
Susie winced as each needle penetrated through the rollers
and slightly gouged her already tender scalp.
     The fifth and subsequent rods in this section were
wound in a downward motion and placed upon each other.  The
rubber band on each rod was brought over the two needles
which projected outward at a 65 degree angle.  The method I
was using is called 'stack perming'.  When completed, it
will create a mass of voluminous curls; tight at the nape
and billowing outward.
     With the back right section completed, I admired my
skill and counted 25 rods, all angling outward.  All Susie
could see and feel at this stage were the two needles
sticking upward at the back of her head.  She had no idea
she was being stacked!!
     Continuing on the right side, I deftly wound another 25
small blue rods in the very same manner as before.  Then
lastly I completed the area above her ear which needed only
15 rods.
     As I turned the chair to the left to begin the
remaining three sections, Susie gasped at the reflection in
the mirror.  What she saw was 65 blue permanent wave rods
angling outward and upward from her head, held fast and in
place by the knitting needles.  She had that look of total
disbelief and I expected her to say something but no words
came forth; only silence and awe gripped her expression.
     Beginning at the back left section, I wound two rods
tightly to Susie's scalp.  The third rod stopped
perpendicular tot he second.  It was here that I again drove
the knitting needles through that rods rubber bands and into
my trembling patron's scalp.  Feeling the needles penetrate
her head again caused Susie to whimper a painful groan.
     Taking a one half inch section and winding downward, I
stopped just below the needles and fastened the rubber bands
around them; thus the rod held suspended above the two nylon
objects.  It took almost twenty minutes to completely wind
23 more rods which suspended outward at a 90 degree angle
from slave Susie's head.
     I did the same to the fifth section which took another
25 rods.  Above her left ear, I wound two rods close to her
scalp and then, as before, completed this section with
thirteen additional curlers, netting fifteen.
     Before allowing Susie the opportunity to see the new
transformation, I turned her so her head faced the mirror
and she looked out into the torture chamber.
     I stepped back to admire my hairdressing skills.  The
right side had six needles angling upward containing 65 blue
perm rods while the left side had the same number but were
protruding outward at a 90 degree angle.  There was a total
of 130 rods used, a number I've never used before and I was
ecstatic!
     Finally, I slowly turned the chair around so my blonde
captive would see what had taken over one hour to complete.
Her eyes bulged and her mouth opened wide at the reflection
in the mirror of her once flowing wavy tresses now were
bound in so many permanent wave rods awaiting their torment.
     Not believing her eyes, she blurted out in a frightened
tone, "wh...what have you d...done to my h...hair?  It looks
so unnatural with those things sticking out from my head.
It's so h...heavy...oh, m...my hair...wh...what's it
c...called...wh...what's it going to d...do...oh,
Master...I'm s sc...sc...scared...p...please tell me this
isn't h...h...happening to me...oh my beautiful h...hair!
Oh God, I'll d...don't p...perm me!!"
     Hearing her pleading and begging only got me more
excited!  I quickly went to the cabinet and produced three
permanent wave kits.  Seeing the Olgivie perm boxes was one
thing, but when I opened each one and brought the small
bottle containing the perm solution and passed it under
Susie's nose, there was no denying it now; Susie Silkworth,
at age 24, young and beautiful with an absolutely georgeous
mane measuring over 20" of sun streaked virgin hair was only
minutes away from her very FIRST permanent wave!!
     Her breathing quickly hastened as I draped two towels
over her bare shoulders and neck.  Her eyes darted from side
to side then became fixed as I snipped the bottles.  It was
about to happen!
     With precision, I began dousing each rod at Susie's
right side.  Her nose wrinkled as the fumes from the
permanent wave solution penetrated her nostrils.  She
starring into the mirror, as if hypnotized, while I moved
from section to section squirting the dastacilly solution
over her capitally held rods.
     When all three bottles were dispensed on Susie's hair,
I brought a very large plastic bag behind her and covered
the protruding 130 rods; being ever so careful not to
disturb the needles.  I then brought over an old salon type
hair dryer and slowly lowered it over her head.
     Seeing the dryer cover her headful of perm rods,
smelling the wave solution and not being able to convince
her captor otherwise, Susie closed her eyes in hopes that
what was happening was just a dream.  She had finally
succumbed and was mine!!
     Lastly, I set the timer for 18 minutes and then retired
to the kitchen for a well deserved drink.  As I watched from
the window, Susie's eyes were still closed and she clutched
the arm raster with clenched hands.
     I had just finished my second scotch when I heard the
buzzer sound off.
     After raising and moving the dryer out of the way, I
ever so carefully removed the plastic bag over her head.
Slowly removing the rubber band, I unwound one rod to check
for the desired curl pattern.  To my joy and adulation, the
perm had taken as a very, very tight S formation appeared
before my ecstatic eyes.
     I quickly spun Susie around and lowered her head and
all 130 perm rods into the basin.  Next, I rinsed the entire
head of dark blonde hair wound on blue rods for over ten
minutes.  Satisfied, I raised her up again, facing away from
the mirror.
     The final stage of neutralizing was about to begin.
This process sets the wave and makes it PERMANENT!!
     As I satuated each curl with this very pleasantly
fragrance solution, Susie's eyes were still tightly shut and
her hands continued their strong hold on the chair.
     After the alleviated time, I re-lowered her head of
blonde rods and thoroughly rinsed them for over fifteen
minutes.  When finished, I raised Susie back up and blotted
each and every rod with a towel to remove any excess
mositure.
     With her back still facing the mirror, I began the
archious task of delicately removing each rod; being ever so
careful not to stretch her long hair.  The back now done, I
moved in front to face my stunned captive.
     She finally opened her eyes and in a sheepisly
quivering voice asked, "wh...what's h...happened to my
h...h...hair?"
     In a calm reply, I said, "You'll see soon enough my
dear.  Now, I'm going to release your right wrist and you'll
know what to do, I'm sure."
     With that, I lowered my orchid colored pants and my
throbing cock lurched forward.  Without hesitation, Susie's
fingers reached for and encompassed my enlarged organ and
began stroking it ever so gracefully.
     Tilting her head, I began removing more perm rods while
Susie continued sliding her hand up and gently fingering my
outstretched organ.  God did it feel good!!
     At long last, all 130 rods were free and as I had
expected, the results were absolutely sensational.  The left
side of Susie's head had a voluminous mass of curls
beginning just above her ear and extending outward.  It was
this side that had been permed with the needles angled
perpendiular from her head.  All of her hair, most of which
was permed at the end, created a starburst of tiny curls and
was supported by the tight curls close to her head.
     The right side was even more magnificent as it burst
into ringlets at her nape and continued up and above her
head.  This side had the needles angled at 60 degrees.
     Susie looked up and caught the expression of how
pleased and excited I was at the results.  She could feel in
her hand my cock swelling to unbelievable proportions as I
deftly touched ever so gently the freshly permed blonde
curls.  My heart began throbbing at a rapid rate a I slid my
sensative fingers through the cool and soft wetness of newly
formed waves and curls.
     Relishing in the enjoyment and total satisfaction of
touching my new creation, I held back time after time from
permatively ejaculating.  God, did Susie's hair feel fine
and how I loved touching and finger combing her blonde
tresses!!
     Instinctively, I began lunging my cock into Susie's
hand.  The stroking of her fresh curls made me mad with
excitement.  Oh how I wanted this feeling in my fingers to
continue forever!!
     Then, without warning, I lurched up and forward on my
toes, grabbed as much of her hair as my hands could find and
shot a stream of cum all over my bound patron.
     After splashing her, Susie's hand slowly and carefully
fondled my prick, milking the remaining cum which squired on
her leg.
     Upon opening my eyes, I released my grip on her hair
and looked down at my tethered blonde beauty. As our eyes
met, she smiled and said, "Was I good Master?"
     "You were better than good, "I replied, "simply
fantastic!"  She continued smiling at me while massaging my
organ.  The look on her face and in her eyes was that of
wanting to be fucked.  "Later," I softly said, "we'll do it
after your coiffuer is finished."
     After reaching down and taking my cock from her
dripping hand, I re-wrapped her wrist to the chair and went
to get the heat lamps.
     Standing behind the chair, I adjusted the eight lamps
from her head and then turned the switch on full power.  It
would take over forty-five minutes to process and dry
Susie's hair since she had alot of it, it was long and the
curls and waves were so very tight.
     Satisfied that there was nothing more to do, I went
into the kitchen and after awhile returned with a tray of
crackers, cheese and two glasses of wine.
     Bringing up a chair, I sat down in front of Susie and
fed her for the first time in two days.  She almost choked
trying to swallow the crackers so I quickly held the glass
of wine to her sensual lips and she gulped the liquid
frantically. I continued feeding my slave until all the food
from the tray was gone.
     This spare amount of nourishment seemed to give Susie a
lift as she said, "Oh Master, please

tell me how my hair looks...I'm so anxious to see my new
coif!...is it as curly and beautiful as your auburn coiffuer
Master?...Oh, I can't wait to see it and feel it...I've
never had curls before...How much longer under these lamps
before I'm done...Oh Master, I'm so anxious to see my
hair!!!"
          ATTENTION:

This story is the exclusive property of Bon-Vue
Enterprise, Inc. it is placed here and may be freely
downloaded as long as this notice and the story remain
unchanged. Any changes. additions, deletions, etc., are a
violation of the copyright holders' rights and will be
prosecuted to the full extent of the law. For the very best
in bondage and discipline files, conversation, etc.,
contact: HEDONISM BBS.

(310) 631-7697 (2400 BAUD)

(310) 631-6624 (9600 BAUD)

FREE LINE AVAILABLE FOR FEMALES!.

 c 1986 & 1993 Bon-Vue Enterprises, Inc. All Rights Reserved

--
