         <orgin> SmutNet (TGC Adult BBS 812-284-1321 1200-2400)


                                  A HAPPENING
                                  ~~~~~~~~~~~

   Suzy liked sex and she always would. So what was her boyfriend's problem
telling her that she was a prude?  She never considered herself that.  So it
was high time that she went out and explore her sexuality.  Fuck her boyfriend!

   It was a drizzly night. But for Suzy it was beautiful.  She had never done
anything like this but it was time for her to stop playing it safe and go out
and have some fun.  She had been with Bob when they graduated from high
school.  She had never even given it a thought about straying away from Bob.
But tonight was the clincher.  She made up her mind that she was going to do
it.  The night was full of possibilities The air was electric, and tonight,
she will experience ecstasy like she never had before.

   She decided to start the evening out by going to the ROUND'S END, A kind of
swinger's bar.  She had heard of it from friends at school but she had never
dared to go there.  Although she had passed it many times and had thought
about going there every single time.  But, tonight she is going to do it.

   The bouncer in front of their door asked her for her I.D. and then had her
pay the cover charge.  Geez, she thought, a cover charge to get in.  What a
joke.  She paid her money and walked through the door.  It was smokey and
loud.  Music was playing and people were dancing and everybody looked very
attractive.  She was nervous almost to the point of visually shaking and she
thought about just walking out the door and saying to hell with it.  But
something made her walk to the bar.  She really wanted this and she was going
to have this, even if it killed her.  Finding a seat was more difficult that
she realized.  The place was so packed.  But a man who looked like he was in
his middle thirties, noticed that she was having trouble finding some place to
sit and offered his chair.  She declined at first.  But after he insisted, she
finally took the chair.  The man introduced himself and offered to buy her a
drink.  She looked into his eyes.  He had sparkling green eyes and a smooth
clean-shaven face. She thought that this might be the one.  He was nearly
beautiful.

   The drink came and he said, "Are you here all by your lonesome"?  Suzy
giggled and said yes.  His eyes lit up and offered to buy her another drink.
She said "What the fuck.  I am here for a good time".  After the second drink,
she began to feel a little drunk and got a little bolder.  "What do you think
of having sex on the first meet," she said.  "I'm all for it," he replied. "Do
you think I'm sexy?" she said.  "Yes"  "Then buy me another drink" she teased.
He laughed.  He has a pretty laugh she thought.  Not too deep and not too
feminine.  She giggled out loud because she thought that at least he didn't
sound like Michael Jackson.

   The third drink came and she felt a little on the fucked up side. Halfway
through the drink, she decided that he was going to be the one.  "Take me to
your place" she said.  "I want to go a little wild" "Alright!" he said.
"Tonight I feel like doing the exact same thing." "Tonight," she said, "is
going to be heaven on earth."
    Suzy looked around his luxurious apartment and thought that this guy must
be rich. Rich and handsome. No not handsome, beautiful. that was a better
word.  Handsome he is, but far more than that, he was beautiful.  She
considered herself lucky.  He poured two glasses of wine and went over to the
stereo and turned on some soft music station.  They sat together on the couch
and began to talk small talk.

     They sat very close together and their eyes met. Their heads felt as if
they were two magnets attracted to each other.  Him the north.  Her the south.
Soon their lips met and they exchanged a long hard passionate kiss.  Breaking
away, she noticed the radio was playing Phil Collin's "In the Air Tonight" and
she jumped up from the couch and started to dance in front of him.  His eyes
were dancing.  His eyes were devouring her body and she never felt as sexy as
she does this moment.  Going with the rhythm of the song.

     She slowly stripped off her blouse.  Looking at him, Suzy noticed that
his pants had a tremendous bulge in them.  This just drove her onward and made
her even hotter than she was before.  Next came skirt and taking it off she
massaged her long legs.  Her skin was alabaster and her calves were shapely
and smooth.  She was still dancing to the music clad only in her panties and
bra.  She turned away from him and began the slow tantalizing trip from her
calves up to the curve of her ass and ending up to the clasp of her bra.
Slipping out of the bra and letting it fall to the floor, she turned toward
him to let him see her round pert breasts.

    A little gasp escaped him, for they were a sight to see.  Putting her
fingers to her lips, she wetted them and brought them down to the tips of
tits.  Her fingers began their erotic play on the nipples, tweaking them and
circling her fingers on them in small circular strokes and ending up at the
base of the tits.  Her hands then moved down her flat tummy and stopping at
her outer thighs.  Gently massaging them and making small circular movements
they were making their way to the inside of her velvety thighs and they cupped
her pubic mound and began to play with her cunt.  Ripping off her panties, she
could stand it no more.  She told him to stand and to take off all his clothes.

     He did so and he looked even more sexy with no clothes on.  She kneeled
down before him and took his manhood into her mouth.  First going slow then
building momentum with her mouth, it started to rise.  She savored it, the
taste and the texture of his cock.  She loved what she was doing.  Suzy's head
began to bob with the rhythm that goes with sex.  She could hear his moans of
pleasure and that made her work all the more harder on his throbbing phallus.
She felt this hands on her head, stroking her long blond hair.

    Taking his cock out of his mouth, she told him to lie on his back.  For
she was going to ride him like he was never before ridden.  Eagerly he did so
and no sooner can you say the word fuck, she was on top of him.  Gyrating her
hips against his throbbing cock, they rode each other.  Note that I said
other, for they both were moving with each other's rhythm, to sweet oblivion.
