
                            Anniversary Threesome

    To celebrate our first anniversary, my husband and I had planned a
romantic evening. Dinner, dancing, theater, the works. So you can imagine my 
disappointment when Gary called to ask if a friend of his could tag along.
    At first I was furious. I mean, we had been planning this all week! But
Gary explained that his friend would only be in town one night, and then he 
promised to make it up to me later, so I gave in. Gary was supposed to pick me
up at six. While I was waiting, I had a quick shower and got dressed. I put on
an outfit sure to please him - a strapless black dress, stockings, and his
favorite pair of heels.
    At six o'clock I heard Gary's car pull up. He ran into the house and told
me I looked terrific. I just smiled and asked where his friend was. (I was
hoping he had decided to do the right thing and leave us alone.)
    "Oh, Robert's waiting for us at the restaurant," Gary replied. I could have
strangled him.
    Despite my anger and disappointment, dinner was great. I don't think I've
ever had better. From appetizer to dessert, everything was perfect. 
    And Robert? I have to admit, he was a bit of a surprise. Tall, muscular,
handsome...Gary had never told me he had friends who looked like this!
    We ate dinner and made small talk. It turned out that Robert and I had
something in common - besides Gary, I mean. We were both hoping to become 
journalists.
    "Small world," Gary said, getting up. "Why don't you two go ahead and
order dessert? I'll be right back."
    When Gary was gone, Robert leaned toward me. "You look fantastic," he
whispered. "If Gary weren't my best friend..."
    That was just the start. After dinner we skipped the theater and went
straight to a nightclub. I took turns dancing with my husband and his best
friend. It was such a turn-on dancing with Robert and rubbing up against him
whenever Gary wasn't looking. But no matter how many times I asked, Robert
refused to slow-dance with me. "You belong to Gary," was all he'd say.
    Well, we didn't get home until two in the morning. I was tired, but there
was no way I was going to call it a night - not yet. Gary suggested we go
downstairs and watch a movie. That's when my anniversary party REALLY got 
started. Gary picked out a videotape I'd never seen before and put it in the
VCR. When he pressed the play button, I could hardly believe my eyes. It was
a porno flick!
    Gary sat down on the sofa and put his arm around me. I kept my eyes on the
television, not sure if I should be embarrassed or excited. I did notice one
thing: The guys seemed more intent on watching me than the movie! A little
while into the movie, Gary said, "I think we've seen enough. We're going up
to bed now."
    With that, he took my hand and led me upstairs. We got straight into bed,
not even bothering to undress. I was so horny I just wanted to rip Gary's
clothes off and climb onto his cock.
    "Not so fast," Gary said, grabbing my hands. "Let's take our time." As he
spoke he pushed me back onto the bed and began to kiss me. Closing my eyes,
I gave him everything I had. I took his tongue into my mouth and began to
suck on it like a cock. In return his hands brushed across my breasts, gently
stroking my nipples.
    I was desperate to fuck and he knew it. Little by little he slid his hands
across my body, feeling every inch of me. By the time he got to my pussy, I was
on fire. Spreading my legs as wide as I possibly could, I told Gary to feel me.
At the same time, I slid my hand into his pants and began to stroke his cock.
We must have kept this up for half an hour before a voice broke in. "Are you
two going to fuck or just play with each other all night?"
    I looked up, too startled to speak. Robert was sitting at the foot of the
bed watching us. From the smile on his face, I could tell he liked what he saw.

"Don't mind me," he said. "I just came up to say good-night." I was about to
protest when Gary pushed me back down on the bed. My legs were still spread,
and before I could close them, he was slipping my panties off. I could tell I
was in for the night of my life!
    While Robert watched, Gary began to finger-fuck me. Gently, he put his
middle finger inside my pussy and brushed my G-spot. A second finger followed,
then another one after that. In no time, he had four fingers inside me and
was using his thumb to stroke my clit. Needless to say, all this attention was
driving me crazy!
    Taking his fingers out of me, Gary said, "Let's really give him a show. Why
don't you suck my cock for a while?" Gary lay down on his back and we got into
a sixty-nine position. While he went to work on my pussy, I undid his pants and
took out his cock. Looking Robert right in the eye, I gently kissed the tip of
Gary's cock.
    Meanwhile, Gary was really working me over. His tongue explored every inch
of my pussy, darting in and out of me. It was incredible! When he took my clit
between his lips and began to nibble on it, I thought I would scream. Wanting
to pay him back for some of the pleasure he was giving me, I took the tip of
his cock inside my mouth and began sucking on it. This drove Gary wild. He 
thrust his hips up off the bed, sliding his cock down my throat. It felt so
good, there was no way I was going to stop - not now!
    I was so engrossed in sucking Gary's cock that I didn't even notice Robert
taking his clothes off. When I finally looked up, he was sitting stark naked
in a chair, smiling at me. I looked at his lap and could hardly believe my
eyes. Pointing straight up at the ceiling was the largest cock I'd ever seen.
It must have been eight inches long and thick, too! Robert had his hand around
it, stroking it.
    I wanted to admire that magnificent cock, but Gary sat up and asked me to
turn around. Taking my eyes off Robert, I let Gary guide me to a new position.
This time he was lying on his back with me kneeling between his legs. Leaning
forward to suck his cock once again, I realized that Robert had a perfect
view of my ass - and that my wet pussy was an open invitation.
    I didn't even feel Robert climb onto the bed until he grabbed me from
behind and slid his big cock inside me. I moaned in pleasure. Gary stroked my
hair and whispered, "Doesn't his cock feel good?" I could only nod, although
good was an understatement. It felt absolutely fantastic!
    Gary held me in his arms while Robert fucked me from behind. We started
slowly, on account of his cock being so big, but I quickly got used to it.
After only a few moments, he was able to thrust his cock into me as fast as he
wanted.
    It was like a dream come true. I had two cocks to play with and two men
who knew how to use them. Robert thrust into me faster and faster, then his
cock exploded inside me, shooting spurt after of his hot cum deep into my 
pussy. He kept cumming like he would never stop. It was the biggest load of
cum I'd ever had in my pussy, and it felt fantastic! Not only that, but Robert
was still hard and ready for more! We must have tried 50 different positions
before Gary finally said, "I think she's about ready. Let me show you what she
likes best."
    With that Gary stretched out flat on his back and pointed to his cock. It
was standing straight up in the air and I knew exactly what he wanted me to do
with it. Spreading my legs, I climbed on top of him. I held my breath as he
grabbed my hips and pulled me down onto his stiff cock. My pussy was well
lubricated with all of Robert's cum, and Gary's cock slid in easily. Instantly,
waves of pleasure raced through my body. Gary was right - this was what I liked
best.
    While Gary fucked me, Robert fondled my breasts. He ran his fingers all
over them, drawing little circles around my nipples. Every now and then, he
leaned forward and took one of them in his mouth. All of this was more than I
could stand - I had to cum. Grabbing Robert's hand, I made him stroke my clit
while I slid up and down on Gary's cock. I could feel a familiar pressure
building between my legs and the great electric rush that comes right before
orgasm.
    Just then Gary came, shooting his load deep inside my pussy. I threw my
head back and screamed, experiencing one of the most intense orgasms I'd ever
felt. It seemed to last all night. When the ecstasy finally subsided, I fell
back onto the bed. 
    "Your turn," I said, spreading my legs. "You don't mind doing it again in
front of my husband, do you?" I knew he could see the mixture of his and Gary's
cum dripping from my hot pussy. Robert just smiled. "Your wife has fantastic
breasts," he said, looking at Gary. "I'd love to fuck them."
    "Go ahead," Gary replied. "I bet she'd like that."
    He was right. Lying on my back, I watched Robert straddle my chest. He
slipped his cock between my breasts and I squeezed them together. I tilted my
head forward so that I could watch him fuck my breasts. The mixture of his cum
and mine still coated his cock and gave it plenty of lubrication. Each stroke
started in the middle of my chest and wound up just under my chin. Opening my
mouth, I licked the tip of his cock with my tongue. He closed his eyes and
moaned.
    We kept this up for several minutes. I could tell he wanted to cum, but he 
was holding back for my sake. He kept fucking my breasts, working himself into
a frenzy. I took his cock in my mouth each time it came near my face.
    Just when I thought he would keep going all night, he got up on his knees
and began to jerk himself off. I wrapped my arms around his waist and pulled
him closer, just in time for huge spurts of cum to spray all over my face and
breasts. I opened my mouth wide, trying to catch as much of the stray cum as
I could. He tasted so good.
    When he was done, he started to pull away, but I wouldn't let him. Grabbing
his cock, I put it back in my mouth, sucking up the last of his cum. I didn't
want to miss a drop.
    Afterward, we lay down together and fell asleep in one another's arms. That
was almost a year ago. I wonder what Gary has in store for me this year.

