It was a spring afternoon in Milwaukee at the Cunningham household. Marion
Cunningham was cleaning as she waited for Richie and Joanie to come home
from school. As she was putting away some items, she happened to notice
the hairbrush in one of the kitchen drawers. She thought to herself that
it had been quite a while since it had been used. In fact, she thought to
herself, it had been quite a while since a spanking of any kind had been
given to either of her children. Ruefully, she thought, it showed.

Her thoughts were interrupted by the sound of a car stopping in front of
the house. Looking out the window, Marion saw Dolores Miller exit out of
the car. Mrs. Miller owned a candy store that was near the school grounds.
Just then, Marion noticed that there was another passenger in the car and 
when Mrs. Miller opened the passenger side door, Marion saw that it was her 
son, Richie, that was in the car and now, slowly, leaving the vehicle and 
walking toward the house with Mrs. Miller. Puzzled, Marion walked to the 
front door to let them both in.

"Good afternoon, Dolores." greeted Marion, "Is everything ok?" Marion
noticed that Richie was looking kind of pale. "Hello, Marion,....
unfortunately, no, everything is not ok." was Dolores' strangely sharp
reply. "It so happens that I caught Richard stealing some candy this
afternoon in  my shop."

Shocked, Marion's mouth opened in surprise as she looked at both Richie
and Mrs. Miller.

"I would have called the police, Marion, but I was so  surprised at Richard
taking the candy. I had always thought he was such a nice boy. I hope you
know how serious this is." "I..I can't believe this. Richie, is this true?
Did you steal some candy?" asked Marion to her white-looking son.

"I didn't really mean to, mom,...."

Marion interrupted, "Didn't mean to? What does that mean? What made you do
it?"

Richie stammered, "Potsie and Ralph kind of dared me, called  me a
goody-goody."

"What!" You mean to tell me that you stole the candy just because they
goaded you to do it? I thought you knew better than that, Richard
Cunningham. What am I going to do with you, young man, take your allowance
away forever?"

Mrs. Miller interrupted, "Forgive me for butting in, Marion, but I am not
sure that taking his allowance away is really the answer.  I know if it
was my son that was stealing, he would be having trouble sitting down."
This time it was Richie's turn to be shocked. So much time had passed
since he was last spanked, he had not thought of that possibility and
still didn't think he would be spanked. But, Bobby Miller was in his
class, was he still being spanked?

"I haven't spanked Richie in quite a while, I have to admit. It seems I
have been too lenient with him." replied Marion, as she remembered her
thoughts just a few minutes ago.

Richie glared at Mrs. Miller as he spoke up roughly, "You got to be
kidding! I am too old to be spanked like a little kid!"

Surprised and annoyed by Richie's attitude, Marion had made up her mind.
"RICHARD CUNNINGHAM! That's quite enough, young man. Nobody's kidding
here. Perhaps you don't realize the seriousness of what you did, but it's
time you learned.  And you are not too old to be spanked, as you are going
to find out."

Springing to her feet, Marion marched right over to Richie and grabbed his
left wrist. Pulling him with her, she walked determinedly to the stool
that was next to the divider between the kitchen and dining area. Richie
wasn't very co-operative, however, and besides verbally protesting, was
not making it easy for his mom to take him to the stool. "Richie, if I
were you, I would not make it difficult for me or I will have to ask Mrs. 
Miller to help me out. Would you like that?" threatened Marion. This helped a 
little as Richie didn't fight as much. Sitting on the stool, Marion 
positioned Richie in front of her, with him facing her. Then she reached
for Richie's belt buckle in order to undo it. That caused another reaction
from Richie, as he tried to pull away. "No, not with my pants down, you
can't do that!" he protested.

"Oh I can't? We'll soon find out, won't we? You are not the one deciding
your punishment and I am tired of you fighting me. I am going to tell you
this once and only once. You are going to stand in front of me and not
fight me while I get you ready or I am sure Mrs. Miller will help me and not 
only  that, I am sure she would be willing to spank you as well after I am 
finished. Would you like that? Well, would you?" 

"N..No, oh, alright, I won't fight you."

Still not liking Richie's tone of voice, Marion resumed the preparations
for Richie's spanking. She would deal with his attitude soon enough. With
Richie standing still, she undid his belt buckle and then unbuttoned his
pants. Richie blushed as his mom slowly worked the zipper down. He was
beginning to feel more childish as well as embarrassed. 

"Does Mrs. Miller have to watch? It's so embarrassing!"  complained
Richie, softer than before. 

"You stole from her, didn't you? She has the right to see you punished.
It's embarrassing to know my son steals. It's still not too late for Mrs.
Miller to spank you herself, remember that!" reminded Marion to her son.
Tugging his pants down to his knees, Marion noticed how childish Richie
looked. She was sure that Richie was feeling the same. Then she took
Richie's wrist once again and guided him over to her right and pulled him
slowly over her knees until his bottom was centered over her lap with 
Richie's arms and legs dangling helplessly on each side of her. Then, taking 
hold of the waistband of Richie's underpants, she started to pull them down.

"NO! Please! Not with Mrs. Miller watching, can't you spank me with them
up? Oh, please.....," Richie made one final effort to spare some
embarrassment.

"No, Richie, spankings are given on bare behinds. You should have thought
of it when you were thinking of stealing. This is what you deserve and
what you are going to get."

With that, Marion quickly administered 10 hard spanks that caused Richie
to gasp.

Mrs. Miller once again interrupted as she was surprised at what she was
seeing, "Marion, do you think your hand will be enough? At 15, I am not
sure that it would impart a firm enough message on Richard. I hope you
don't mind me asking."

"You're quite right, Dolores. Don't worry, this is just a warmup. It's
been such a while since Richie has found himself over my knee, I want to
let his behind get a little used to being spanked. If you could, there's a
hairbrush in a drawer in the kitchen. It's been quite a while since it has 
been used, but I am sure it still works well."

"I'll be glad to get it...I find that there is nothing like the back of a
wooden hairbrush, to get a youngster's attention." commented Mrs. Miller
as she went to get the implement. Meanwhile, the handspanking continued at
a slower pace. Richie's bottom, once white, was not getting increasingly
redder and his gasps were now accompanied by "ouches" and "ohs".

"No tears yet," thought Marion, "but that would change. I bet he is trying
very hard to not cry."  

Mrs. Miller brought over the hairbrush to Marion. "Thanks, Dolores, let's
see if this still works."

Taking the hairbrush, Marion got a firmer grip on Richie with her left arm
and hand, and began to spank Richie with the unforgiving brush. Both
Marion and Dolores noticed the difference, as each spank brought a louder
reaction from Richie as well as more movement as his legs kicked and his body 
twisted.

"Stay still! It's a long drop from my lap. I don't want to hurt anything
but your bottom. And if you kick too much, I'll have to use my right leg
to keep them still, and you won't like that!" warned Marion.

Richie's hope to remain stoic during his spanking waned, as the heat from
the spanking built up. Soon, tears began to fall, causing a wet path on
his cheeks, as spank after spank fell on his upturned behind. Marion
spanked in no apparent pattern, but spread out the spanks, making sure no 
part of Richie's bottom was spared the hard hairbrush.

"Please, mom, not so hard, I'll never do it again, please, OUCH!, stop!,"
pleaded Richie as he began to act like any well-spanked child.

"I think I will stop when I decide to, not when you want me to. So, you
think you are too old to spank, do you? From the sounds I am hearing, you
are anything but too old to spank." scolded his mother.

Just then, the front door opened, and Joanie walked in. "Hi....m...." her
words of greeting were left unsaid, as she turned and saw what was
happening. There was Mrs. Miller...but what she really saw and what really
got her attention was the sight of her brother dangling over her mom's
knees, his bottom red, and Richie crying hard. As well as her mom's arm in
mid-air, about to bring another spank down on Richie's burning behind, when 
she was interrupted by Joanie's entrance.

"Hello, Joanie, say hello to Mrs. Miller. Unfortunately, your brother has
been very naughty and now must get his bottom spanked. Why don't you sit
down on the couch and see what happens to naughty children."

Joanie did so, somewhat mixed up. She was shocked by the sight of her
teenaged brother being spanked and disturbed by her mom's words. Was
spanking going to be more prevalent in their family now? She hoped not and
she would be upset at Richie if what he did meant that Joanie would be
getting spankings once again. It's been so long since the last one, she 
thought.  Her thoughts were interrupted by the renewed spanking. The respite 
was welcomed by Richie but it also brought more embarrassment, to have his
sister watch it all. But those thoughts were all too overwhelmed by what
was happening to him. Soon, his tears changed to sobs as the hairbrush bit 
into his bottom.

Watching intently, Mrs. Miller was getting more and more impressed with
the spanking Richie was getting. She had her doubts on how effective any
spanking that Marion gave would be. In fact, she had doubted that Marion
would spank at all, and she was prepared to insist that she be allowed to
punish Richie herself. But, she thought, that was no longer necessary.
Bobby's sobs were getting louder and louder and finally he just laid there
sobbing, giving up emotionally to the spanking, and accepting the punishment 
he was getting. Seeing that, Marion stopped the spanking, but kept Richie 
over her lap. 

"Well, young man, do you still think you are too old for a spanking?"
Richie didn't answer and got a hard spank and a repeat of the question, to
which he answered in the affirmative. "That's what I thought. Don't you
even think of stealing anything again or you won't be able to sit down for
a week, no matter how old you think you are. And I want your attitude to
improve as well. It's obvious I have been too lenient, but that is going
to change as of now. If you don't behave yourself, you will be finding 
yourself right as you are right now. Do you understand what I am saying?" 
Marion punctuated the question with five more hard spanks to Richie's
already well-punished bottom.

"Yes, mom," Richie replied, through his sobs.

"And I will have a talk with Potsie's and Ralph's parents as well. Maybe
they won't be sitting down too well either!"  declared Marion. Just then,
Marion noticed a smile on Joanie's face. "What do you find so funny,
Joanie" I don't think a spanking is at all something to laugh at. Do you?
Maybe you have forgotten what a spanking feels like, would you like to
have a sample to remind you? What I said to Richie goes for you as well.
You haven't been "Miss Perfect" yourself, young lady. I won't hesitate to
turn you over my knee if you misbehave."

Her mother's words burned Joanie's ears as she squirmed on the couch.
Marion turned her attention to Richie once again as she resumed scolding
Richie, mixing in spanks while she did so, keeping both Richie's bottom
and ears red. Finally, his mom put down the hairbrush and took up Richie's
underpants until they once again covered his bottom, now blazing red from
the sound spanking. Richie found himself helped up from his mom's lap and
once standing, rushed his hands to his behind, to try to relieve some of
the pain from the awful spanking. "Oh no, you don't. Keep your hands away
from your behind unless you want me to start again. I want you thing about
what you did and what it got you."  With that warning, Richie found himself 
being taken to the corner, each step of the way finding the hairbrush 
smacking his bottom. At the corner, Richie was made to stand completely in 
the corner, his nose touching the intersection of the two walls. He felt 
embarrassed and childish at the spectacle of being a 15 yr.old teenager, who 
had just been soundly spanked and now had to suffer the indignity of having 
to stand in the corner like an eight year old. It got worse, as he felt his 
underpants being grabbed and start to be lowered. He made the mistake of 
twisting away.

"That's not a good idea, Richie." His mom's words stopped his movement,
but it was too late. His underpants were once again lowered and his bottom
was once again bare. Then, suddenly, he felt the burning impact of the
hairbrush as his mom gave Richie 20 hard spanks that caused Richie to sob
once again. Then, the spanking over, he was told to hold his shirt up in
the back and not to turn around or to rub.

Meanwhile, Mrs. Miller got up, impressed with Marion's spanking prowess.
She felt bad for Richie, but she thought it was important that Richie be
taught a lesson about stealing. As they walked to the door, Marion spoke
to Mrs. Miller,

"Thanks, Dolores, for not calling the police, I don't think this will
happen again."

Mrs. Miller turned to Marion and replied, "I am sure it won't. I have
always found Richard to be quite charming and a gentleman as well. I was
really surprised and dismayed at what he did, but I didn't want any bad
marks on his record. I don't think he will want to do it again." 

After Mrs. Miller left, Marion walked back to the dining room where Richie
remained facing the wall, still crying. Joanie was standing there, unsure
what to do next. She soon found out. Her mom walked up to her. "By the
way, Joanie, I seem to remember telling you to make your bed this
morning...did you?"

Joanie paled as she realized she failed to do so, despite being asked to.
"No mom, I forgot. I'll do it right now, I'm sorry,"

"Oh, I am sure you will do it right now, I have no doubt of that. But I
think a little reminder right now will help you remember in the future.
That, and we will have another discussion at bedtime." With that, Joanie
felt herself being pulled off the couch and being bent over her mother's
left arm. Next she felt her skirt being pulled up and her panties being
pulled down. That was followed by 20 sharp smacks with her mom's hand,
leaving her behind stinging and Joanie crying. Letting her skirt fall back
down, she was sent running to her room with one final smack to the seat of
her skirt.
