                               The Hardware Store 

     Roxanne was disturbed when Rex was not there to meet her after class.  
She went back to her dorm room to do some studying.  She could not stop 
thinking, however, about getting a pair of handcuffs.  At one of the 
parties, she had heard one of the girls mentioning that the kids in town 
bought them at Johnson's hardware down the street from campus. 
     She decided to go down there and buy some.  She told her roommate 
where she was going.  "I'm going down to Johnson's Hardware to buy a pair 
of handcuffs for my sorority," she said. 
     Kathy her roommate, not affiliated with a sorority was aghast.  
"You're kidding!  I can't believe you would let them put those things on 
you!" 
     "They're not so bad," laughed Roxanne.  "You can try them on when I 
get back." 
     "No way, Jose!" said Kathy. 
     "See you later," said Roxanne over her shoulder as she walked out the 
door. 
     She had put on a rather sexy outfit.  She wore red short pants, a 
white long sleeved shirt with a high collar, a lacy bodice, and sheer 
sleeves and strap-on black high heel sandals.  She got more than a few long 
looks from passing cars on her short walk to the hardware store. 
     When she walked into the store, it seemed rather typical of a small 
town hardware store.  A young man approached her.  "May I help you?" he 
inquired politely. 
     "Yes," replied Roxanne, "I would like to buy a pair of handcuffs." 
     "Certainly," he said, "You must be with a sorority.  This is the time 
of year that we make sure we are well stocked with such items.  Tell, me 
what kind did you have in mind?" 
     "Well, I really wasn't aware there was more than one kind." 
     "There certainly are.  There are the lightweight, easy to carry in a 
purse or pocket type, the maximum security type with a special key, the 
cheap riveted kind, and the standard ten ounce type which are the most 
popular," explained the young man. 
     "Well," said Roxanne, "I'd like to see the lightweight, the maximum 
security and the standard types." 
     "Here they are," he said.  "If you have any questions, please don't 
hesitate to ask." 
     "Which are the hardest to get out of," asked Roxanne. 
     "Well, they are all impossible when properly applied, but a person 
with a key can get out of all but the maximum security, unless they have a 
key specifically for that serial number.  Of course, the handcuff company, 
if you send them the serial number, will send just about anybody a key.  
You need to be careful there.  Not many people carry around a regular 
handcuff key though, much less a max-security key." 
     "I'd like to try these on," asked Roxanne, indicating the maximum 
security handcuffs. 
     "Certainly, in front or behind your back?" 
     "Well, with my hands 'cuffed in front of me, I really couldn't be said 
to be handcuffed, could I?" she laughed as she turned her back to him and 
placed her wrists behind her.  
     He took her wrists and applied the 'cuffs the way Rex had, with her 
palms outward and very tightly between her wristbone and hand. 
     Several customers walked into the shop, and the phone rang.  "Excuse 
me," said the young man and ran to answer the phone. 
     Roxanne tried to escape the 'cuffs, but found them intractable.  With 
her hands 'cuffed behind her, she examined the various types that the 
attendant had produced.  There was no way she was going to buy the cheap 
riveted kind.  They looked like you could pry them open with a crowbar or 
something.  She really liked the seven ounce lightweight kind best.  They 
were made out of polished aluminum.  She tried to reach up to the counter 
to feel them to see how much lighter they were than the ten ounce kind, to 
see if the extra expense was justified.  She had to turn to the side and 
pull her linked arms up behind her back. 
     "You look like you are in a bit of a bind, Roxanne," said a voice 
behind her.  It was Ron, the boy from her economics class!  "Can I help you 
with something?" 
     Roxanne, somewhat flustered but trying not to be embarrassed 
explained, "Well, I was just trying to decide which of these handcuffs to 
buy for the sorority business that I am involved in." 
     "It looks like the ones that you have on are doing a pretty good job.  
They sure improve your posture," Ron said. 
     "Thanks," Roxanne blushed, looking over her shoulder for the 
attendant.  "It looks like the store attendant is too busy to let me go, 
can you find the key and release me?" 
     "Well, let's see," said Ron.  He took the box, turned it away from 
Roxanne. "No, there aren't any keys in here.  I'd bet he'll be finished in 
a minute.  Let's see what these look like."  He moved around behind her to 
examine her handcuffs.  "Boy, these look like the best ones that you have 
on.  They look totally inescapable.  Why would you get these others if you 
could get these?" 
     "They each have certain advantages.  I really like the lightweight 
idea, because during pledgeship, I think that they are used quite often.  
Some girls are even required to carry them around for active's use on 
demand.  With my luck, I'll probably have to.  In such case, the 
lightweight would be best.  But I like the idea of maximum security, 
particularly if they are used on someone else," she said ruefully, pulling 
her joined hands up to the middle of her back. 
     "It looks to me like you never would get out of those in a million 
years.  I have an idea, can I buy you lunch?"  asked Ron. 
     "Well, maybe, but I have a class in an hour and a half.  It will have 
to be a quick one," replied Roxanne. 
     "I'll make you a deal: I'll pay for the maximum security 'cuffs, if 
you'll wear them during lunch.  That way, you can get the lightweight and 
the maximum security and have a spare pair in case you need them."  Ron 
offered. 
     "Well, how would I eat?"  Roxanne laughed, shaking the handcuffs 
behind her back. 
     "Don't worry, I'll take care of that," said Ron. 
     "Allright, but you'll have to take me to my class," agreed Roxanne.  
Roxanne felt easy around Ron, even though she was in handcuffs.  To see a 
girl around campus in handcuffs this time of year was not at all unusual, 
due to the pledge season, and she thought that she might as well get used 
to it because she might be spending a lot of time bound over the next 
several months in fulfillment of her pledge requirements. 
     The store attendant came over, and asked if Roxanne had decided on 
what he wanted.  Ron spoke up.  "Yes, I would like to purchase the 
handcuffs that the lady is wearing and she would like to buy the 
lightweight handcuffs.  Where are the keys for these on her?" 
     "Right here in the box," replied the attendant. 
     Ron smiled at Roxanne, and Roxanne blushed, realizing that he had 
played a gentle dupe on her. 
     "Good", said Ron, "you can box up the lightweight ones, but she'll 
wear mine out." 
     This didn't seem at all unusual to the attendant, who prepared two 
packages, but the maximum security box was empty because the handcuffs were 
firmly locked behind the back and on the wrists of Roxanne.  Ron handled 
the payment, and the attendant said, "Next week, we will be getting in a 
complete line of straitjackets and ball-gags and other restraints which 
you might find useful." 

