                   HARRY AND THE BOYS IN BLUE (1/4)
                           By: Kinara in Thorns


WARNING: This story contains rape & bondage, mm/mf, 16 year old boy
     If you are under 18, DO NOT READ!
     If you are offended by such things, DO NOT READ!

                               Part 1                      

     Harry sat in the back of the police car with his hands in
cuffs.  His entire body sweated and chilled.  He hadn't done
anything wrong, he thought to himself, then thought of how mad
his mom would be when she got the call from the station at
3:00am.
     "How old are you, kid?" asked the cop in the front seat.
     "I'm sixteen, sir." Harry answered, wondering if he should
dare ask what he had been arrested for.
     "Sixteen..." the cop murmured.  "That's good."
     Harry wondered what was so good about that, and then stared
out the window and saw that they had turned off onto a small dark
road that led towards the woods.
     "Isn't the police station back towards the town, sir?" Harry
asked timidly.
     "Yup, sure is..." the cop said.
     Harry didn't know what else to say, and was afraid to push
the cop.  He sat back in his seat and stared miserably out the
window.
     The car drove into the woods for a ways until the asphalt
turned to dirt and gravelly rocks.  Then the cop pulled off the
road onto a grass path that led away from the road.  The car
stopped, and Harry saw that they were completely surrounded by
trees and bushes.  He felt sick to his stomach, and had to pee
real bad.
     The cop came around to the back of the car and opened the
door.  He pulled Harry out onto the grass and cuffed him to the
car.  Then he lit a cigarette and waited.
     "Excuse me sir?  I have to pee..." Harry said, somewhat
embarrassed.  The cop looked at him and smirked.
     "Ok, kid." the cop said.  He uncuffed him and led him over
to a clump of bushes.  Harry thought he'd let his hands free, but
instead, the cop reached down and pulled down the zipper on
Harry's jeans.  The he reached in and gently pulled Harry's penis
out.  He held it and waited, but Harry was so discomforted, it
was a while before the urine hit the grass.
     After he had been zipped up and led back to the car, Harry
asked, "Why am I here?  And what are we doing?"
     "Shut up kid, or I'll belt you one." the cop replied
casually.  He looked at his watch, then lit another cigarette.
     Harry closed his mouth and leaned against the car.  He began
to feel real worried now.  He wondered if the cop was really a
cop.  After all, he had been picked up off the street for no good
reason.  And now he was here in the woods, yelling distance away
from everything, with a man who was waiting for something, or
someone...
     Several minutes later, Harry heard the sounds of a car
approaching.  The hairs on the back of his neck rose. Soon the
headlights shone through the trees like the baleful eyes of a
great monster.  Harry closed his eyes against the brightness. 
The car swung up facing the front of the cop's car and stopped
several yards away.  The door opened and two men stepped out the
front.  A woman stepped out the back.
     Harry stared at the woman.  She was gorgeous with long dark
hair and a thin black lace dress.  He could see a generous
portion of her cleavage showing through the dip in the dress. 
When the woman saw him, she smiled, her ruby red lips parting to
show a flash of white teeth.  Then she turned away and gracefully
walked to the trunk of the car and opened it.
     The two men who had gotten out of the car were dressed as
cops.  They walked over to Harry and his captor.
     "Hey Ricky, you scored good" one of the men said to Harry's
captor.  His beady eyes never left Harry's body.
     Harry's cop grinned, "I always score better than you,
Shane."
     The other man who was with Shane stared at Harry.  He
reached out and touched his cheek, "What's your name, boy?" he
asked in a soft oil slick tone.
     "Harry." 
     "Hairy Harry...You have a girlfriend, Harry?"
     "Uh...sort of." Harry murmured.
     The woman came over and interrupted, "Joe, get the stuff
from the trunk." she said in a voice like dripping honey.  Harry
stared at her legs and despite his fear, he felt horny.  The
woman noticed his staring and smiled.
     "So you are Harry?" she said as she leaned against the car
next to him."  Harry nodded yes.  "I am Elaine."
     Elaine brought her face very close to Harry's, and he
smelled the faint scent of wintergreen.  Then to his surprise,
she brushed her lips against his and dipped into his mouth with
her tongue.  Then she pulled away and smiled at him.  The men
chortled.
     Harry was breathless.  He felt his cock harden slightly and
replayed the feeling of the woman's tongue between his lips.  It
made him forget a little of his fear.  
     Joe came back carrying a camcorder and a large suitcase.  He
set both down on the hood of the car. "Ok," he said.  All eyes
turned to him. "Let's make this one good."
     Ricky uncuffed Harry and pulled him towards the front of the
car.  He pushed him against the hood and reached up to the top
button on Harry's shirt and started to unbutton it.
     "Wha...What are you doing?" Harry blurted out.  Elaine
laughed, a sparkling sound.
     "Harry, you are so refreshingly naive." she said and walked
over.  She pushed Ricky away, and continued unbuttoning Harry's
shirt.  Harry was paralyzed as he felt her warm fingers touch his
bare skin.  She pulled the shirt off his body and tossed it to
the ground.  Then she unzipped his jeans and pulled them slowly
down his legs, letting her fingernails slide down with them along
his bare thighs and calves.  Harry shuddered.  When she pulled
his undershorts down and gently caressed his soft scrotum, Harry
closed his eyes and forgot where he was.  His cock rose up as
stiff as iron.  Elaine laughed again and moved away.



                     HARRY AND THE BOYS IN BLUE (2/4)
                           By: Kinara in Thorns        

WARNING: This story contains rape, bondage mm/mf, 16 yr old boy
     If you are under 18, DO NOT READ!
     If you are offended by such things, DO NOT READ!


                                  Part 2

     Harry opened his eyes to see Ricky standing in front of him. 
Ricky took a rubber ball and popped it into Harry's mouth, then
tied a gag around it.  Then, he shoved Harry hard so he fell back
against the hood.  The other two men stood on either side of the
car, and caught hold of his arms before he could get back up.
They threw loops of rope over Harry's wrists and tied them to the
two side mirrors.  Harry squirmed, taken by surprise.  He looked
up and saw Elaine grinning at him.  Then his legs were pulled
apart and his bare feet forced into loops of rope that were
secured to the ground, tied to metal stakes that had been driven
in with mallets earlier.
     Now Harry lay spreadeagled and naked across the hood of the
car.  His chest muscles rippled as he struggled to get free.  The
powerful headlights to the car facing him came on, bathing him in
a blinding glare.  He looked over out of the glare and saw that
Joe was aiming the camcorder at him.  He was being taped.
     Suddenly, in front of him was Shane.  He was slapping a
leather crop into his hand, over and over again.
     "You have the right to remain silent." Shane said as he
raised the crop.  He brought it down hard across Harry's bare
chest with a resounding whap.  Harry screamed through his gag and
struggled harder.
     "Anything you say..." Shane continued, hitting him with the
crop again, this time across his thigh.  
     "Can..."  the crop came down over Harry's muscled stomach.  
     "Be held..." a stinging blow across Harry's face.  
     "Against you."  The crop whistled through the air and landed
across Harry's now limp cock.  He screamed again and bucked
against the car hood, rocking the vehicle back and forth.  Every
muscled stretched taut in Harry's agonizing thrashing.  The tears
of pain squeezed from the corners of his eyes and he longed to
sooth the burning in his crotch.
     Shane walked out of the light and came back with some
polyester twine.  Joe zoomed in for a close up shot of Shane
wrapping the twine around Harry's cock and balls, tightening it
so that Harry's cock would harden.  The huge red welt across
Harry's cock glared angry in the light.  Harry whimpered as he
felt his testicles tied tightly and the base, and his cock
trussed up and stiff.
     A scream sounded in the dark, and Harry turned to see Ricky
dragging a naked Elaine towards him.  Her hands had been
handcuffed behind her back, and she was thrown into the glare of
the headlights, at the ground before Harry.  Ricky grabbed
Elaine's hair and pulled her head to Harry's crotch.  Then he
pulled out his gun and put it to her temple.
     "You slut." Ricky snarled cocking the gun.  "Suck his
cock..."
     Elaine opened her mouth and took Harry's cock into it. 
There was a brief pain as her lips brushed the welt, but as she
sucked him further down her throat, it felt a lot better.  She
began to move her head back and forth slowly, and Harry began to
feel the heat rise from his testicles.
     Then Shane, who had taken off his cop uniform and was
dressed only in a cock ring, his police hat, and the belt that
held his guns, clambered onto the hood of the car.  He pulled the
gag out of Harry's mouth.  Then he positioned himself over
Harry's face, and lowered his naked ass down.
     "Lick my asshole, boy." he ordered and sat across Harry's
face.  "Stick your tongue deep up there or I'll have Elaine
bite...very hard."
     Harry felt Elaine's teeth pressing gently into his cock, so
he complied and slowly pushed his tongue up into Shane's ass. 
Trying to concentrate on the blissful feeling in his cock, Harry
shoved his tongue up as far as it would go into Shane's ass.  He
fought the urge to puke as Shane began to rotate his hips and
mash himself against Harry's face.
     While Shane was having his anus tongue fucked, Ricky had
started to whip Elaine's ass with the crop as she sucked on
Harry's cock.  Joe was getting it all on tape as his own cock
began to harden and swell in his pants.  Elaine put on quite a
show, moaning and whimpering as the crop whipped her ass cheeks. 
She sucked hungrily at the boy's cock too, like she were
starving.
     Finally Shane clambered down off of Harry's face.  He came
back with a huge rubber realistic dildo and pressed it to Harry's
lips.
     "Open up, kid." he said gruffly.  Harry opened his mouth and
Shane shoved the obscene thing in until Harry gagged.  Then he
pulled it out and shoved it back in again.  He did this over and
over, making Harry gag again and again.  Joe watched, his cock
getting harder and harder.
     When Elaine sensed that Harry was on the verge of cumming,
she pulled on Ricky's leg, out of camera range.  That was his
cue.
     "Ok, slut." he snarled grabbing hold of her hair. He pulled
her head off of Harry's cock. "You've had enough."
     Harry moaned in pain and frustration and Joe turned the{camera off. 



                     HARRY AND THE BOYS IN BLUE (3/4)
                           By: Kinara in Thorns

WARNING: This story contains rape, bondage, mm,mf, 16 yr old boy 
     If you are under 18, DO NOT READ!
     If you are offended by such things, DO NOT READ!

                                  Part 3

     Elaine stood up and let Ricky uncuff her wrists.  She
brushed the dirt from her knees and walked over to where he
clothes lay.  Shane and Ricky untied Harry and helped him up off
the hood of the car.  He was pale and trembled.  They turned him
around and pushed him back down on the hood, this time with his
stomach down and back and ass up.  His hands and feet were retied
in position.
     Joe gave Ricky the video camera, and walked over to Harry. 
The camera was turned back on and Joe went into action.
     "You've been a bad kid, Harry." he said in his low menacing
tone.  "You've been raping your little sister, haven't you?"
     Harry was about to say that he didn't even have a sister,
but decided it would be better if he just kept quiet.
     Joe pulled out his gun and began to caress Harry's quivering
ass with the tip of it.  "You know what they do to you in jail,
dontcha Harry?"  He started to slide the tip of the gun lightly
up and down the crack of Harry's ass.
     Harry listened to what Joe said and had a wild and delirious
thought.  What if his Dad had put these cops up to this as part
of one of those scare kids away from jail projects.  He almost
laughed at the thought but then he felt the cold sharp steel of
the gun point push against his anus.  He froze, terrified.
     Joe parted Harry's ass cheeks and stared at the exposed
anus.  He pushed the tip of the gun against the brown ringed
sphincter and slowly pushed in.  Harry let out a howl of pain as
he felt the gun enter his ass.
     Joe felt a rush of heat sweep up his body and shoved the gun
in harder until it was nestled all the way up to the barrel. 
Harry's ass was clenched tight around the gun and he screamed at
the burning pain. 
     Shane came forward into the light of the car with the huge
rubber dildoe.  He grabbed the back of Harry's head and pulled
up.  Then he shoved the rubber cock into Harry's open mouth,
muffling the howls.  He kept the rubber cock stuffed deep into
Harry's mouth.  "Suck hard" he whispered.
     Joe pulled the gun out slowly and then shoved it hard back
in. Harry's body writhed on the hood of the car.  He was making
grunting sounds now as his teeth clamped down on the rubber cock
in his mouth.
     "I could pull the trigger, Harry." Joe said as he pushed the
gun farther up Harry's ass.  "I could just pull the trigger...."
     Harry froze, his eyes wild and open.  Joe pulled the trigger
of the gun and a "click" sounded in the quiet night.  Joe started
to laugh and Harry moaned softly, his entire body shaking.
     "Ok, Harry.  I'll replace the gun with something better."
     Joe pulled the gun out and replaced it in his holder.  Then
he picked up the crop and motioned to Shane.  Shane pulled the
rubber cock from Harry's mouth let go of his hair, and moved off.
     Joe rubbed Harry's ass cheeks with the edge of the crop. 
The he lifted it up and brought it down with a whistle across the
pale cheeks.  Harry yelped.  Joe rubbed his finger across the red
welt.
     "Aren't you sorry, Harry?" Joe asked as he brought the crop
down again.
     "I'm sorry! Sorry..." Harry gasped in pain.
     "You're sorry, WHAT?" Joe demanded, hitting him three times
real fast.
     "Sorry, Sir!" Harry whimpered, his ass on fire.
     "Tell me you want to feel my cock shoved up your ass." Joe
hissed, whipping Harry's thighs right below his ass.
     Harry yelled and struggled harder.
     "Say it..." Joe insisted.  He pushed the tip of the crop up
between Harry's splayed legs and rubbed it against his testicles.
     Harry jumped at the touch.  "I...I want to feel your cock
shoved up my ass." he said in a whisper.
     "Louder!" Joe demanded, prodding harder at Harry's scrotum.
     "I want to feel your cock shoved up my ass!" Harry yelled,
mostly in pain.
     Joe smiled and withdrew the crop.  He whacked Harry once
more across his reddened ass, then tossed the crop aside.
     "Ok, Harry..." he said and let his pants fall to the ground. 
His enormous rod of meat pointed straight at Harry's ass.  "You
asked for it."
     Joe spread the cheeks and pushed the tip of his aching cock
up against Harry's anus.  Then with a single push, he plunged in,
shoving his cock as deep as he could up into Harry's ass.  Harry
screamed and thrashed, rocking the car back and forth.  Joe kept
pushing until it was imbedded up to his balls.  He gripped
Harry's shoulders, felt the sweaty skin and rippling muscles
under his palms, and dug his fingers in. "Oh baby." he whispered,
his face contorted with pleasure.
     Joe slowly pulled out until just the tip of his cock was
imbedded, then shoved back in, getting another scream of pain
from Harry.  He started up the rhythm, thrusting in and out, his
own ass clenched tight as he raped the virgin ass of the kid
under him.  Harry was grunting painfully now, his throat horse
from screaming.
     Joe pumped his cock in and out faster and faster.  His sweat
mingled with Harry's, and he felt the pressure build up in the
pit of his scrotum.
     Elaine watched the scene before her with bird-like eyes. 
She felt her own juices begin to flow. Oh to see the poor
helpless vulnerable boy being raped. It made her want to rape him
herself.  She pictured herself with a strap-on-cock, taking Joe's
place and shoving deep into the kids virgin ass, feeling him
squirm beneath her body...feeling his pain in every taut muscle
on his back.  She would have such a boy for a slave, she thought
as she moved her hand down to her crotch and rubbed.
     Joe was grunting like a pig now in his own delirium.  His
cock moved like a hot knife through butter as it plunged deep,
withdrew and plunged again.  He felt himself about to cum, dug
his fingers deep into the muscles on the kid's back, threw back
his head and howled.  He spent himself deep in Harry's ass,
spurting out his seed fast and furious.  Then he slowly withdrew
and left Harry there sobbing silently on the hood.
     Ricky turned the camera off.  "You lucky dog!" he called out
to Joe who was cleaning himself up.  Joe grinned at him.
     "That was an excellent scene..." purred Elaine.  "This will
sell like hotcakes...or hot buns."  The men laughed.



                     HARRY AND THE BOYS IN BLUE (4/4)
                           By: Kinara in Thorns

WARNING: This story contains rape, bondage, mm,mf, 16 yr old boy
     If you are under 18, DO NOT READ!
     If you are offended by such things, DO NOT READ!

                                  Part 4


     "Ok, last scene guys...Let's do it!" Shane called out.  
     Ricky handed the camera back to Joe.  Shane untied Harry and
pulled up him off the hood.  Harry could barely move.  Elaine put
the Police uniform on and went over to where Shane held Harry.
     "Ok, Harry." Elaine said softly, running her hand down his
wet chest.  Shane grinned at her then attached the dog collar
around Harry's neck.  He pulled the kid's arms behind him and
handcuffed the wrists together.  "He's all yours, Elaine."
     Harry looked up at Elaine will dull eyes, "Are you going to
kill me?" he asked.
     "No, Harry.  Not if you do everything you're told." Elaine
replied, attaching the leather leash to the collar.  She leaned
over and kissed him gently.
     Ricky and Shane, both with their police uniforms on, went
and stood in their place.  They stood side by side with their
legs slightly spread, and their hands on their hips, in a pose
that suggested impatience.  Elaine pulled Harry off the hood of
the car, and made him kneel on the ground.  Then she took the
leash and pulled it, making Harry crawl on his knees alongside of
her.  She led him to the two men.  Joe started filming.
     "Ok, dog." Elaine snarled. "If you want to stay alive, you'd
better follow instructions.  Show these cops how well you've been
trained in our K-9 corps."  She tugged hard at the leash.  Harry
made a small choking sound and crawled closer to the two men.
     "Undo Sergeant Shane's trousers." Elaine ordered.  Harry
winced, then did as she said.  The trousers were held together by
a strip of velcro so he could tug it apart with his mouth.  "Now
pull down his zipper..."
     Harry moved his face slowly to Shane's crotch and grabbed
hold of the zipper between his teeth.  He felt the heat emanating
from Shane's crotch against his face.  He pulled the zipper
slowly down.  Shane wasn't wearing anything under the police
trousers, so his cock burst out, hard and ready.
     Elaine made him do the same thing to Ricky.  Now both men
had their hardened cocks out and were ready for action.  They
still stood there, their faces hardened like granite.
     Harry knelt in front of the men, waiting for Elaine's next
command.  He felt sick to his stomach.
     "Take Sgt. Shane's member slowly into your mouth." Elaine
ordered.  Harry craned his face upwards, opened his mouth and
took the penis into it.
     "Suck." Elaine ordered.
     Harry started to suck the cock, moving his head back and
forth.  Tears squeezed out from behind his closed eyes.  Shane
moaned in pleasure and had to restrain himself from grabbing hold
of the boy's head and shoving deeper into his throat.
     Elaine watched as Harry sucked the cock.  She pulled out the
crop.  "Swallow his cock deeper, dog." she ordered, smacking his
ass lightly with the crop.  Harry jumped at the touch, and forced
himself to take more of the cock into his mouth.  He gagged and
felt the crop on his ass again.
     "Now switch over to Sgt. Rick" Elaine ordered, tugging the
leash a bit.  Harry shuffled over to Ricky and took his cock into
his mouth.
     Elaine watched the kid sucking the two cocks, switching when
she told him to.  She whipped his ass lightly with the crop, not
wanting to make him bite down accidently in his startled pain. 
She saw the tears on his handsome face glistening in the
headlights, though he kept his eyes screwed shut.  She listened
to the sounds of his gagging if one of the men shoved with his
hips and made the cock go in deeper.  When she saw Shane was
close to release, she ordered Harry to "suck him till he came."
     Harry moved his head back and forth rapidly over Shane's
cock, just wanting this whole thing to be over.  Shane moaned,
and grabbed at Harry's head.  Now he was fucking the kid's face,
forcing his engorged member deeper into the gasping mouth.  Rick
took this cue and moved closer to Harry.  He started to pull on
his own cock, aiming it for the boy's face.
     Shane groaned and with a shudder, splashed his cum down into
Harry's throat.  Rick groaned as well and came in huge globs all
over Harry's tortured face...all over his eyes and hair.  The cum
dribbled down to Harry's lips.  Shane pulled out and sighed in
satisfaction.
     Harry just knelt there and trembled, his head hanging low,
the cum dripping off his chin.  Joe turned the camera off.
     "We got it made, guys!" he said, waving the camcorder in the
air.
     Elaine wiped Harry's face off with a handkerchief, and
helped him up to his feet.
     "What do we do with the kid?" Rick asked, pulling his pants
up.  "We can't just let him go...He'd turn us in."
     "I'll take care of it..." Joe said in a low voice. "Maybe we
should tape it too...That could get a lot of money."
     Elaine felt Harry stiffen beside her.  She patted his head
and spoke:
     "No," she said.  The men turned and started at her in
surprise.  "I think I'll keep him.  He'll make a nice pet, won't
you Harry?"
     "Elaine, honey," Joe protested.  "It's too dangerous.  What
if he escaped?"
     Elaine caressed one of Harry's nipples with a fingernail. 
"You won't try to escape will you?" she asked him.
     Harry shook his head no numbly.  He couldn't picture dying. 
He pushed his naked body closer to Elaine, as if she were the
only protection he had...And she was.
     "I'm taking him, and that's final." she said.  "And, we can
make more money a lot easier that way." she added smugly.
     Joe shrugged.  Elaine was rich beyond the dreams of avarice,
so he knew it wasn't the money she was concerned about. Her
secluded mansion would be hard to escape from, so it was probably
ok.  At any rate, once she had made up her mind there wasn't
anything anyone could do to change it.
     "Ok, let's clean up and get out of here." Joe said to the
other two.  They started packing things up.
     "You're mine now, Harry." Elaine said to him as she brushed
the hair from his eyes.  She gently led him to her car and helped
him in.  In the darkness of the back seat, Elaine wrapped her
warm hands around Harry's testicles and softly squeezed.  Despite
his pain and shock, Harry felt himself responding to her touch. 
Her gentleness filled him with an aching relief, and as he felt
her warm mouth close over his cock, he let the hot tears fall
silently down his face.
