SWINGERS HAVEN

     Just last week I went on a business trip to the West Coast. On the 
weekend I decided to travel over to the beaches for a little R & R by myself.
The hotels along the beach were lovely but didn't have much nightlife. I 
traveled up the coast to search for a secluded cove where I could sunbathe 
nude and hoped to find other free spirits along the way. I did locate the
perfect beach and did lie in the buff, but I had no company. Rubbing suntan 
lotion all over me was a turn-on, and I was careful to get lots of oil on my
penis so it wouldn't get burned!
     That night I was hoping to find someone to stay with me, but the place 
was filled with vacationing couples. No singles were to be found. But on my 
way down to have dinner, I met a really cute gal in the elevator. She was 
very slim, with long, straight blond hair. She also wore a wedding ring. I 
said hello and complimented her on her nice southern accent. She got out on 
her floor and walked away. When I got to the ground floor I realized that I 
had forgotten something and went back to my room. Afterward, on the way 
down, she again got on the elevator. We laughed at the coincidence and 
discovered we were both going to the restaurant. I lagged behind her and saw 
her join her husband at a table. I asked the waiter to seat me next to them.
     After eating I walked over, said hello to them, and shook hands with her
husband. I told them how nice it was to hear a southern accent since I too was
from the South. I left right after that and returned to my room. Since I 
didn't know them at all well, I had to be careful, but I wanted to find out
if they'd like to have a threesome. I've been involved in threesomes now for
about four years and I love them. There's something terrific about seeing the
pride and excitement in a man as he shows his wife to another man, and I have
yet to meet a lady who didn't enjoy two dicks instead of one.
     Then an idea hit me. I decided to call their room and invite them to 
join me in the lounge for drinks later that night. I would tell them that
another couple would be with me and that the other couple was interested in 
swinging later on.
     I worked up my nerve and phoned. The husband, John, answered. I explained
my invitation, and he quickly replied, "Sounds good to me." I said, "Great. 
see you at eleven," and hung up. I practically passed out. I was so excited,
I fell backward on the bed and lay there in a daze. I was a little worried 
though, because I knew I'd have to tell them later that the "other couple" 
couldn't make it.
     That was about eight o'clock, and the wait was awful. I was so excited
- plans kept racing through my head about what we could do together. Finally, 
I decided on an old standby: I went out and bought a deck of cards. If they
didn't have any special plan in mind, we could always try strip poker. I got 
more and more excited as I imagined what would take place later. I am an 
easygoing guy, but I can take charge if I sense that a couple wants direction
or that one of the pair is embarrassed to speak up in front of his or her
mate. And from these two I knew just what I wanted.
     Jean had long blond hair, but I always check a woman's eyebrows for hair 
color and texture, because very often their shape tells something about the 
look of the woman's pussy: Bushy eyebrows sometimes mean a thick bush between
the legs, thin brows sometimes mean sparse cunt hair. And Jean's were 
delectably dark and pencil-thin.
     The appointed hour came, and I went downstairs. Sure enough, John and Jean
showed up. She looked terrific. She wore a silky dress that showed off her 
long legs. Her tiny breasts were concealed beneath a tight leotard. I had 
changed briefs but was already getting wet just looking at her. I told them 
that my other friends couldn't make it, and they just smiled and didn't look 
disappointed. We listened to the music for a while and had a few drinks, then 
I said: " It's time to go upstairs." They put down their glasses right away
and looked sober-faced as they turned to follow me. The ride up the elevator 
was quiet and Jean looked a little nervous.
     In my room we sat around the small table and had another drink. John 
finally spoke up to tell me that when I had called and mentioned "swinging," 
he thought it meant "dancing." But as he and Jean discussed my invitation, it 
became clear they realized that it probably was not just a dance they had been
invited to. I just smiled and let him talk. They had decided to come and meet
me to see what this was all about, but obviously neither of them had ever 
swung. They thought that if another couple was involved then maybe they could 
just watch to see how they felt. But that was no longer possible, so he and 
Jean weren't sure what to do. I told them: "No problem. Do whatever's 
comfortable for you." They looked a little relieved.
     I put on the radio, and we talked about our vacations. I could tell they
were feeling better, and that's when I suggested we play cards. They were both
avid card players and agreed right away. After three hands I suggested that the
loser each  round should remove some clothing. Jean chuckled and John looked 
at her. She smiled over at him, and we continued. After a few hands, all kinds
of little things came off - earrings, socks, etc.
     As each round went by, I could feel the tension in the air increase: John
and Jean were wondering what they would do if they had to show their privates.
Jean was getting downright red-faced and her breathing became more rapid. At
that point I suggested we stop for a minute and take a break. John was in 
trousers only and Jean was in her tights - I don't think she had anything else 
on. I still had on my polo shirt and briefs. It was my turn to deal and, as I
handed out the cards, I announced, "The loser, whoever it may be, will have to
masturbate for the rest of us." Jean's eyes grew as big as saucers. John just
stared at me and said okay. Since the two men were in agreement, Jean seemed 
to feel compelled to play along. I lost the hand and off came my shirt. Then 
John lost. The next loser would be our entertainment. I lost.
     John looked relieved. I pushed back my chair and said, "Good, I'll be 
glad to  do this for you." I pulled the table out of the way and moved to stand
in front of them. I hiked up the legband of my briefs to show more of my ass
and drew the briefs tighter around my penis and balls. My dick had been stiff
as a board on and off all night, and now it was at half-staff, thick and 
rubbery, just relaxing for a while. Jean was transfixed, staring at my fingers
as I outlined ny prick and teased myself. John sank back in his chair and
looked on. 
     My penis was starting to uncoil as I relaxed and really started to enjoy
the scene. Each time I stroked the underside of my dick, it extended another
quarter-inch. My briefs came up to just below my navel, and the head of my 
cock was crawling closer and closer to the top of the waistband. Jean leaned 
forward slightly to see better. I took a step toward her as my cock popped up
out of the top of my briefs. I grabbed the tip and lowered it slowly so she 
could see the whole shaft. Under her breath I could hear her whisper, 'All 
right." and I slipped the briefs all the way off.
     I coated my dick w#h suntan oil and smoothed it into the skin, making 
my unit glisten with moisture. But before I went any further, John tore off 
his underwear and started pumping his penis. I think he liked the show and
wanted to be part of it. We sat facing one another in opposite chairs and 
pointed our cocks at each other as we worked our fists up and down our 
shafts. John didn't last more than ten strokes before popping a load. I kept
going and then told them that I can go for fifteen minutes or more if they 
wanted.
     John said, "Come on Jean, join in." But she still hesitated and said, 
"This is a great scene. I think I'll just enjoy watching and then we can go."
John pleaded, "Oh take off that leotard and relax, I'm starting to get hard 
again." She shook her head. But John wouldn't give up. He tried to take off 
her shoulder straps but she pushed him away. Then they wrestled playfully 
until he actually put her into an arm-lock hold. He marched her up to me and
said, "Take her tits out." She laughed and almost cried, all at the same time.
     I wasn't sure what to do at that point, but my dick sure loved it. It got
tighter and harder then ever. I stood, reached toward her breasts, and 
fondled them through her leotard. She tried to struggle free from her husband.
but he held tight. I stretched one strap down her arm and freed one corner of
the leotard. As I peeled the material down and got to her nipple, I told her
how good it was to finally look at her pink little tits.
     Since John was still holding her, I couldn't undo her other one, so I
took a pair of scissors and cut the strap. The top rolled down to her waist 
while she arched her back. I told her that I was now going to look at her pussy.
She struggled some more and then said, "Let me go, John. I'm okay, I'll show 
him." John let go and Jean sighed. I told her to step up on the table in front
of the mirror. When she did, I reached up and stroked the nylon-covered mound
between her legs. Her pussy was right at eye level. I pulled at the leotard 
and peeled it away. What a sight!
     Just as I had imagined, the hair on her cunt was sparse and her cleft
was clearly visible. I asked her to get down and have a seat. I sat across from
her and complimented her on having such a fine body. Then I told her to spread
her legs. She gave me a sober look and separated her legs a little. I said,
"Wide open," and she really opened wide. I walked over and guided the head of
my penis to her crack and slid it over her clit. Her body twitched. I did it
again and again, her head jerking forward and letting out a little gasp each
time my prick slipped over her trigger.
     I put my hands on her waist and stood her up and embraced her as we 
kissed. She was practically panting as I laid her on the bed and spread her
legs for a thorough tongue-lashing on her puss. I looked at John, whose cock
was straining at its limits again, and he nodded his approval as I began long,
slow licks from her anus to the top of her cunt lips. We went on with slow and
deliberate lovemaking, stopping to recover and relax just enough to keep us 
all hot without boiling over. I didn't allow myself to penetrate Jean for about
an hour and when I started to slide my shaft inside I couldn't tell how tight
her cunt really was: she was so very, very juicy. She stopped me after about six
inches were in and reached down to check how much more of me was still 
outside. She said, "I think it's okay - go ahead," and I slid the rest in.
     After I've worked my dick in and out of a pussy for a while, my cock gets
used to the friction and I can last for a long time. In fact, it's sometimes 
hard to come when I finally want to. I poked Jean for fifteen minutes and, as
the time went by, she and John were amazed. Jean climbed off me, and I rolled
over, With my penis still pointing absolutely straight up to the ceiling, a 
good eight inches long. She toweled me dry and went down on me in an attempt
to finish me off. She had to nibble along the side of my dick to get at all of
it, then she took little bites on the head. Nothing was working, so I 
suggested we just wait a while and try again later. After a few minutes my 
erection slumped, but boy, did my balls ache. Then Jean had an idea. She got
dressed, holding up her leotard, and dashed out of the room saying she'd be 
right back.
     Sure enough, in about ten minutes she walked in with another couple in 
tow. I had a towel across my lap, but John was nude and stroking his dick as
they came in. Sue and Jim had been in the lounge when Jean approached them. 
She told them that she had a great deal for them upstairs in one of the hotel
rooms and filled them in on the elevator. Jim immediately reached for Jean, 
and she couldn't get undressed fast enough. Sue walked over to me and said 
over her shoulder to Jean, "Is this the guy?" Jean nodded, and Sue lifted the
towel.
     My cock was stirring again. Sue said, "Let's see if we can't get this 
guy's come out of those nice balls." Then she untied her scarf and took off 
her skirt. She was certainly an eyeful of a woman: red hair cut very short, 
about five foot eight, tall and skinny as can be.
     She made me sit on the floor, legs spread, then tied my ankles to the 
desk legs. Sitting up, she secured my arms behind me and said, "Now I don't 
want you to touch that tiny little cock of yours." Then the tease started. She
moved a stool between my legs and sat on it so I could look right up her legs
to her crotch. She gathered her panties so that the nylon folded up inside her
pussy lips, then moved her panties back and forth in her cunt to stimulate 
herself. I could see just about every detail of her twat, including the 
reddish hair that surrounded her snatch. After she had an orgasm, she pulled
the panties aside and I saw her fully parted pink lips up close as she rubbed
her palm across them.
     She said, "I'm just gonna give you one chance with me, so you better make
it good." She pushed me backward to the floor, straddled my midsection, and
started a slow descent on my prick. I was really turned on by the serious,
almost mean look on her face. My dick made contact with her wet pussy, and 
she said, "Don't waste your only chance." With that she started forcing 
herself down on my shaft. That night I discovered a new definition of "tight."
This lady's red-haired snatch was so small that she squeezed the come right
out of my rod. I was popping and bucking in orgasm in no time. The relief 
was unbelievable.
     We've all traded addresses and plan to get together again soon.


