Copyright © 1997,  Baron Darkside.       ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.


(1)  Disclaimer One:  This Is A Work Of Fiction; It Is Not True!
While Some Characters Who Appear In This Story May Be Under The Age Of
Eighteen, They Are Not Abused And No Abuse Is Intended Or Implied (If
You Disagree With My Definition Of Abuse, I'm Sorry).

(2) Disclaimer Two:   If You Are Underage (Under The Age Of Eighteen
(18)), Or In Locations That By Law,  Preclude You From Reading Sexual
Material, You Should Stop Reading This Material Now!!

(3)  Disclaimer Three:  If You Are, Now Or Have Ever Been,  Offended
By Sex, Incest Or Any Other Subject Of A Sexual Nature, Please Avoid
This Story.  (I Would Also Suggest You Seek The Services Of A
Psychologist.

(4)  Disclaimer Four:  This Is For Adults, And Contains Adult Oriented
Material.  If You Are Not An Adult, Either Chronologically, Mentally
Or Sexually, Please Do Not Read Any Further Or You Will Be Offended
(Probably).

(5)  Disclaimer Five:  The Author Of This Story Wishes To Remain
Anonymous, However I Retain All Copy Rights.


INCESTUOUS FANTASIES OF MOTHERS AND SONS

Fantasy Number 60
(A HAWAIIAN TRAGEDY)
A Tale of Incest by Incestual Dreamer, a Baron of the DarkSide

Susan did not feel well.  Standing behind the counter of the
'BeachShack' or Shack as they called it, she watched the last of the
tourist board "Susan's Delight'.  As the boat backed out into the
harbor, she knew there would be little to do until they got back in
four hours.

	"Tina, I think I'm going to run home," she said, turning to the tall,
bronzed girl standing behind the counter with her. "Do you think that
you guys can handle it without me for the rest of the day?"

	"Oh, Sure, Boss," the girl grinned, "it is pretty light today, so it
won't be a problem at all.  Go on home and relax."

	"I think I will," she grinned weakly, "I just feel a little down in
the dumps lately and I don't know why."

	"Get on out of here then," the girl told her pushing her out from
behind the counter.  "Do you need a ride?"

	"Naw, I'll just take my bike home," she said, walking outside.

Getting on her bike, she knew why she was feeling down, but didn't
want anyone else to know.  It had been two years ago today that her
husband, Mike had been killed out in the harbor.  He and a client had
gone out in the morning for some scuba diving. When the appointed time
for their return came and went, she and the rest of the 'M and S Water
Fun' staff had gone out looking for them.  They found their empty boat
floating in the area where they had gone diving, but nothing else.  It
had taken the Sheriff's Rescue Posse to find the bodies.  It looked
like the client had panicked and pulled them both down in a deep hole
where they died.

Her eyes still got misty every time she thought about it.  

Ironically, she had used most of the money from his insurance to buy
the house he had always wanted.  In a crazy way, she figured that it
was his money and he would have wanted her to do it.  At least his
son, Mike, Jr., , would get to enjoy the big house sitting out on the
edge of a cliff overlooking the ocean Mike had loved so much.

Even after the accident, she still ran their snorkeling and scuba
diving business that she and her husband had nursed along to its
present state.  She had a very comfortable living from its proceeds
and just worked to occupy her time.  She knew that if she sat around
the house thinking about Mike, she would go stir crazy.  Their son,
Mike, Jr., , worked at the shop occasionally, but she was terrified
every time he went scuba diving.  In fact, she wouldn't let him go out
unless there was another experienced member of the staff along and
then not in a group of less than five.  She felt that he would be
safer this way.  Of course, he thought it was foolish, but it didn't
sway her and she made him abide by her rules.

The ride home made her feel a little better, she thought as she pushed
her bike into the little bike garage Mike had built for her bike.
Closing the garage door, she saw that it was already two o'clock.
Mikey, as she called Mike, Jr., would be home in a couple of hours.
She would have time to take a quick nap before he got home.  Then she
would fix them supper and they could sit and talk for a while like
they did every night.  

Stopping by the kitchen, she had a glass of wine and went upstairs.
Standing in front of her mirror, she striped off  her bikini.  It
seemed as if she never wore anything but a bikini, she thought as she
looked at herself in the mirror.  She spent most of her time down at
the Shack and bikinis were the standard fare of dress.  Her figure
definitely didn't chase away any business, she thought.  Not bad for
thirty-nine.  She still maintained her 40-26-34 inch figure by
swimming and biking.  It still turned many a head down at the Shack.
Of course her long, billowing blond hair didn't hurt either.  Too bad,
she still didn't feel inclined to use her body to attract another man.
It was still too soon after her husband's death to be looking.
Besides, there wasn't another man on earth that could fill his shoes
in her opinion.

Closing her door, she strolled over to her bed and lay down.  Within
moments, she was asleep. 

Susan was awakened by the front door slamming shut.  Looking down at
her watch, she saw that it was four o'clock.  It must by Mikey getting
home from school.  He was a senior at Hannaliki High School and would
be graduating in a couple of months.  She couldn't believe that he was
already eighteen years old.  And she really had difficulty
comprehending the fact that she was thirty-nine.  Where did the time
go, she asked herself, getting up and walking over to the window
looking out over the pool.  They had no neighbors and so the pool area
was their refuge.  No one could see them and they could see no one.
She knew that Mikey always took a swim when he got home as she waited
for him to appear.

Sure enough, she heard the sliding door below her window slide open
and her son came striding out into the bright sunlight.

She felt her heart jump as she watched him stroll across the patio.
How could any man be so perfect?  He was the twin of his father when
his father had been that age.  Tall, wide-shouldered, tan skin, tiny
waist, hard defined belly and legs that were muscular and powerful.
He was a bronzed Adonis, she thought as he stopped at the edge of the
pool.  He was the mirror image of his father, even down to his
mannerisms. She still hadn't put any clothes on so she ducked back to
where he couldn't see her as she watched him.  Luckily she had done
so, because he turned and looked at the house.  She wanted to watch
him act natural and she knew if he saw her he would show off and do
something weird.

Then suddenly, he bent down and jerked off his trunks.  My goodness,
she thought, he is going to swim in the nude.  Oh, My, what should she
do now?  As she was contemplating what to do, he cleanly dove in the
pool and slowly breast-stroked his way down to the opposite end.

God, he was beautiful, she thought as she watched him swim.  Just like
his Dad.  The strong muscles across his back easily pulling him down
the pool and the powerful muscles in his buttocks and legs pushing him
through the water.  She was almost convinced into believing that her
husband had risen from the dead to come back and haunt her with his
masculinity.

Then her stomach did a somersault as he smoothly turned over onto his
back and came back-stroking toward her.  She couldn't stop herself,
and her eyes moved down immediately.  Down over the washboard hardness
of his belly to his flopping, floundering penis that grew out of the
hairy tangle at the pit of his stomach.  She gasped as she felt
herself recalling her husband's beautiful penis.  She was now looking
at its twin as she gaped at her son's manhood while he swam up the
pool.

Spellbound by the scene unraveling before her eyes, she couldn't take
her eyes off him.

Then as he approached the end of the pool, he flipped over on his
belly and with one quick lunge, hoisted himself up and out of the
pool.

	"Oh, My, God," she whimpered as she stared at him standing naked no
more than ten yards from her, "he is gorgeous."

He bent down and swept up a towel and began to dry himself.  As he
did, his thick, dangling cock wiggled and danced in front of her eyes.
Fighting as hard as she could, she still couldn't tear her eyes away
from his wondrous cock as it bounded and flopped about wildly.  Her
breath was now coming in gasps as she watched him stroll over to the
chaise lounge.  Once there, he flopped down and leaned back.  

He now lay almost directly below her, stretched out in all of his
glory.  Adonis, was the only word she could think to describe him.
Then, she almost choked as she saw him reach down and grasp his penis.
Slowly, he began to stroke it.

	"Oh, No," she muttered, "this can't be happening."

But it was and she couldn't stop watching him.  His hand slowly
increased its tempo as he masturbated himself down below her.  She
couldn't take her eyes off his cock as it gradually grew in size and
rigidity until it jutted out at least eight or nine inches long.  From
deep in her memory banks, she recalled that her dead husband's, his
father's cock was the mirror image of the one she was now staring at
down below her.  It was beautiful, she thought, admiring the great,
purple headed sculpture as he hand slid up and down it lazily.

Then, as he continued to stroke himself, she felt a faint stirring
down deep inside her.  The warm glow of an awakening passion slowly
spread out through her womanhood.

	"Oh, Fuck, No," she panted, "I can't be attracted to my own son, for
God's sake."

Hypnotized by the spectacle unfolding before her eyes, she could see
the muscles in his legs begin to tighten.  

	"Oh, No," she groaned, "he can't.  He can't cum."

Almost in admonition to her denial, he began to stroke himself faster
and faster.

Then suddenly, his giant cock began to spurt out large streams of
thick pearl-colored cum into the air.  As he came, she could almost
imagine hearing him groan.   As he came, his fist tightened around his
penis, squeezing it mercilessly.

Unconsciously, her hand flew down to her tingling womanhood.  Raking
her finger across her jutting clitoris, she groaned as she watched the
spouts of semen fly out of the enormous purple head of his prick. She
couldn't believe how much of it spewed out of him before his cock
finally began to shrivel and shrink in his hand.

Stunned, she stood in front of the window, slowly teasing her swollen
clitoris.  Then, she watched him pull the towel over his drained
masculinity, removing its evil influence.

Staggering back away from the window, she fell back onto her bed.  Why
did this have to happen to her, she wanted to know.  She hadn't had a
man since Mike died.  She had never met one that she thought could
match his standard.  All those days of frustration and repression now
came bubbling to the surface.  There was another man who was the equal
of Mike.  But he was a forbidden seed.  One man in the world who could
measure up to her Mike, and she couldn't have him.  Some justice this
was, she groaned.  Being teased and flaunted her with a temptation
that she knew she must never yield to, no matter how bad the craving
became was pure hell.

After a few minutes, she heard the sliding glass door open and close.
She knew that Mike must have come back inside the house.  Strangely,
only minutes before, he had been Mikey, but now she couldn't bring
herself to call him Mikey.  He had matured so much in the last several
minutes, he was now MIke.  

She didn't move as she lay listening for his footsteps on the stairs.
Then she heard him softly treading up the stairs.  Listening intently,
she heard him walk down to his room and go inside.  Moments later, she
heard him turn his shower as she pictured him in his shower.  She
could almost see the water flowing down over his muscular chest, over
his rock hard stomach and finally pouring off the end of his dangling
manhood.  The image sent a shiver through her body and she blatantly
rubbed the protruding button of her clitoris.

	"Lord, why have you done this to me," she asked, jerking her hand away
from her throbbing clit.

Afraid to face her son now, she jumped out of bed and quickly tugged
on her bikini again.  Stumbling down the stairs, she rushed into the
garage and tugged her bike out of its hiding place.  Hopping on it,
she pedaled furiously back down to the Shack.  Arriving out of breath,
she jumped off her bike and leaned it up against the side of the
Shack.

	"Wow, what got into you?" Tina asked stepping outside as she saw Susan
standing by her bike trying to catch her breath, "you were pedaling
like the devil was chasing you."

	"Maybe he was," she said under her breath.

	"Are you okay?" Tina asked again.

	"Sure," Helen laughed halfheartedly, "just seeing how fast I could
make it back here."

	"I thought you weren't coming back,"

	"Got bored," she yawned, her heart still beating a mile a minute and
not all from the ride.

Helen stayed and helped to send the last of the tourists on their way.
Then the rest of the staff left.  Still, she hung around until the sun
sat out over the Pacific Ocean.  Finally, barely able to see in the
dim light, she slowly pedaled back to the house.

Parking her bike, she quietly sneaked in through the kitchen.  As she
flipped the light on, she saw a note on the table.  It stated that
Mike had gone to visit a friend and wouldn't be home until late.

Thankful for the temporary reprieve, she made herself a sandwich, ate
it and went to bed.

She didn't sleep well.  She kept having dreams about her two Mikes.
In the dreams, she had trouble keeping them apart and most of the time
they melded together and became one in her mind.  Then, just before
dawn, she had a dream that almost made her hysterical.  In the dream,
she was watching her son standing on the beach when his father came
walking out of the ocean and approached him.  The two men embraced and
then to her horror, they became one man with two heads.  The two
headed monster, with the heads of her son and husband came after her.
She tried to run, but they were too strong and caught her before she
could take more than a few steps.  As they caught her, they tore off
her bikini with one powerful swipe of a hand.  Then suddenly, the two
headed creature was naked, too.  Before she could stop it, they had
thrown her to the ground and were on top of her.  Suddenly, she felt a
fiery pain shoot out from her vagina as she felt their huge male prong
tear into her.

	"OH, GOD, NO," she screamed, fighting and tearing at their chest.

But it was useless to fight as the fiendish creature pounded his huge
male organ into her over and over again.  Then the pain became
pleasure and she wrapped her arms around her two-headed lover.
Staring up into the faces of the two men she most loved in her life,
she kissed one and then the other again and again.

	"Oh, yes, Mikey, oh, yes, Mike," she mumbled between kisses, "Yes,
make me feel good."

	"Mother, Mother," she heard someone calling from the distance.  

Who could it be calling her, her son and his father were making love
to her.  Who could it be, she complained, wanting them to go away so
she could make love to her lovers.

	"Mother, are you okay?"

	"What? Who? What do you want?" She grumbled as she felt someone
shaking her.

	"Mom, it's me, Mike, are you okay?"

Then she realized it had all been a horrendous dream as she slowly
opened her eyes.

Mike was sitting on the edge of the bed looking down at her with
fright in his eyes.

	"Are you okay?" He asked her again, "You were yelling and screaming
all kinds of weird stuff."

	"I'm okay," she whined, "I was just having a bad dream."

	"I heard you call out my name," he said. "Was I hurting you?"

	"No, no, I don't know," she lied, "I can't remember."

	"Are you okay, then?"

	"Yes, I am fine," she lied.  "Go on back to bed."

	"Okay, if you are sure," he said.

	"Thanks for checking on me," she smiled up at him, "you're a doll."

	"Aw, Mom," he blushed, getting up and walking to the door.

	"Holler if you need me," he told her, standing in the door looking
back at her, "Okay?"

	"Sure," she nodded.

A sudden wave of disgust filled her heart as she found her eyes
wandering down over his bare chest to the evident bulge in his shorts.
God, what was she doing, she thought as she felt the fiery passion
deep inside her womanhood reawaken once again. 

She spent the next two days doing her best to avoid her son.  She left
for work before he awoke and came home late.  But even as she did, the
ache in her heart and her womanhood only grew worse.

Damn, I was feeling down in the dumps before all of this happened, but
now, I feel miserable all the time.  I don't know what to do.

What could she do to kill the growing pain in her gut?  She had
masturbated three times, but instead of helping things, she found
herself fantasizing that it was her son who was touching her.  She
thought she was slowly, but surely going insane as she found herself
obsessed with the image of her naked son.  She just couldn't get the
image of his beautiful body out of her head.

The next day, she rose early and rushed off to work again.  She worked
late, but still couldn't stop thinking about her son.  Then, as she
pedaled her bike home, she saw that there was a building storm out
over the ocean.  Riding along, she saw that it was slowly moving
toward the coast, gathering strength as it came.

Parking her bike, she headed up the stairs to her room.  Throwing open
the window, she sat watching the storm gain intensity out over the
ocean.  Lightning flashed and sparkled from the phosphorescent clouds
giving them a distinctively evil and foreboding look as they crept
toward the island.  But, even the impressive storm couldn't displace
the wicked thoughts that were flooding her head with evil.  The ache
between her legs was becoming unbearable.

	Turning out her light, she quickly peeled off her bathing suit.  She
could feel the comforting heaviness of her big breasts gently bounding
up and down as she slipped into her shower.  Turning on the water, she
quickly lathered herself with soap as she tried to wash away the
filthy feeling that was consuming her.  But it only made things worse
as her body quickly responded to the soft warmness of her hands.
Again, she imagined her son running his hands over her body.  She
couldn't stop herself from fondling her big breasts that drooped down
heavily. Her big nipples were so sensitive, she could barely touch
them.  Her hands felt so soft and warm as she ran them down over her
stomach to the forest of kinky hairs at the base of her stomach.
Rubbing herself, she suddenly found her clitoris, hard and ripe,
sticking out seeking attention.  Ignoring her clitoris, she ran her
soapy, hot hands around behind her and cupped the cheeks of her firm
ass, squeezing and massaging their spring hardness.

	"Oh, My Fucking Lord," she moaned as she ran her hands down over her
long, shapely legs.  

At last, she reached down and turned off the water.  The shower hadn't
helped at all.  It had only made things worse, she complained as she
stole out of the shower.  Angrily striding across the darkened room,
she jerked open a dresser drawer and pulled out a thin, almost
transparent night gown.  Raising it over her head, she let to fall
down over her body, seductively caressing it with its diaphanous
softness.

Standing by her bed, she looked out the door and saw the full moon
shining in through a window bathing her room in its milky brightness.
Turning her head, she saw the gathering storm with its thunder and
lightning coming at them from the other direction.  Paradoxically, she
felt the same way.  Outwardly she presented herself as calm and
collected, but inside her another storm brewed.  Just as the storm
outside was ominously approaching, she knew that the storm inside her
wouldn't quit until it had unleashed its fury on her or she found a
way to quell its furor.

Lying down, she listened to the faint rumblings of thunder grow
stronger and louder.  Just as the fiery ache inside her vagina grew
more and more insistent.  At last, she couldn't take it any longer.
Rolling out of bed, she slowly stole out into the hall and made her
way down to her son's room.  She knew that what she was contemplating
was terrible, but she didn't see any other way to stop the gnawing
pain in her womanhood.
  
Seeing that his door was open, she stopped and peeked inside.  The
moonlight was streaming across his bed and she could easily see that
he was sleeping in the nude.  A shudder tore through her body as her
eyes found his thick, reposing cock lying on his belly.  It was even
prettier than she remembered it, she thought.  Slowly, she cautiously
stepped out into the doorway.

Just as she did, a clap of thunder popped perilously close to the
house, shaking and rattling windows.

	"Huh," she heard Mike grunt as the thunder boomed, "what th?"

She stopped, realizing that the thunder had woken him.  Her shadow now
fell across him and she knew that her body must be outlined by the
bright glow of moonlight behind her.

	"Mother, is that you?" She heard him ask softly.

	"Yes," she said, slowly gliding over to his bed.

	"There's a storm coming," she murmured, sitting on the edge of the
bed.

	"Uh-huh, I heard the thunder," he mumbled sleepily, "sounds like it
will be here pretty soon."

	"I think so," she murmured, staring down into his upturned face.

	"Is something wrong?" He asked her.

She didn't answer him, but glanced down to his obviously exposed
manhood.

	"Oh, God, Mother, I'm sorry," he sputtered, reaching down and grabbing
the covers to cover himself.

	"No, that's okay," she whimpered softly, reaching out and pinning his
hand down, stopping him from covering himself.

	"But, Mother, what...?" 

	"That is why I came in here," she said, slowly letting go of his hand.

	"What do you mean?" He groaned, but made no further effort to cover
himself.

	"I need you," she crooned.

	"What do you need me for?" He foolishly asked.

	"Make love to me with this," she said, gently wrapping her hand around
his dormant maleness.

	"OH, GOD, MOTHER," he croaked, barely able to talk.

	"I have a fire inside me that won't go away," she went on, lovingly
fondling his rapidly growing manhood, "and this is the only thing in
the world that might be able ease the pain."

He was speechless, but his penis was responding to the obvious by
ballooning out furiously.  

	"I saw you jacking off the other afternoon," she mumbled, releasing
his penis and letting it flop back down onto his stomach, "and I
haven't been able to stop thinking about you and your beautiful penis
since then."

	"I'm sorry," he gurgled, tears filling his eyes, "I didn't know you
were watching."

	"I'm sorry, too," she said softly, rising to her feet, "now we have to
suffer the consequences of your carelessness."

	"But, Mommy, I didn't know," he blubbered childishly.

	"What's done is done," she said, reaching down and hurriedly lifting
her gossamer gown over her head and dropping it to the floor.

	"Oh, Mother," he gasped as she stood before him naked.

	"I've been thinking about this," she complained feebly, "and little
else for three days."

	"I'm so sorry, Mommy," he apologized as she lay down beside him.

	"The time for sorrow is gone," she groaned, reaching over and wrapping
her hand around his pulsating cock, "now is the time for joy."

As she gently stroked his hardness, her mouth found his.  Their lips
touched softly for a moment then smashed together with the force of an
atom bomb.  Her tongue knifed inside her son's mouth a moment before
they began devouring the other's face.  They were like two starved
inmates turned loose at a feast.  They kissed and kissed.  Their lips
covered every inch of the other's face as they were consumed by the
passion that was burning out of control inside them.

Finally their lips parted as they gasped for breath.  As they stared
deeply into each other's eyes, the bright moonshine that filled the
room slowly waned.  

	"Oh, My Baby, I need you so badly," she groaned, "please take me now."

Freeing his rock-hard cock, she quickly spread her long, shapely legs
apart as wide as she could for him.  Waiting impatiently, she watched
as he struggled up to his hands and knees.  She was shivering from
excitement as he lurched up between her outstretched legs.

	"Oh, FUCK," he blathered out as she grabbed hold of his bouncing,
weaving penis.

She roughly bent his rigid mancock down, aiming the flushed overgrown
head of his prick down at the drooling wound of wet flesh between her
legs.

	"Oh, it's so hard and so big," she slavered, quickly guiding his
unbending masculinity down to her weeping womanhood.

	"OH, Fuck, YES," she cried out as she felt the great swollen cockhead
pierce the opening of her vagina.

	"SO FUCKING HOT, MOMMY,"	 he babbled as he pushed his cock into her
waiting cunt.

	"FUUUUKKKKKkkkkkkkkkkkk," she gushed as she felt him force his long,
thick prick down into her.

The passion welling up from her soul was too great to control and even
as he was still threading his great tool into her, she began to shake
and shiver through an orgasm.  Oh, God, she thought, I having an
orgasm and he's not even all the way inside me.

As she was possessed by the monstrous incineration of her
heart-stopping orgasm, the brilliant light from a blinding flash of
lightning filled the room.  Almost immediately it was followed by a
house shaking peal of thunder.  Oh, fuck, the gods aren't pleased, she
thought as the waves of pleasure and delight washed over her. As her
body convulsed with excitement, her pussy clenched down around her
son's cock, milking and squeezing it roughly, pulling it even deeper
into the inferno burning out of control inside her cunt.

As her climax built to a crescendo, she felt her son's belly grind
down against her belly.  It was just like she remembered it was with
her husband.  Her son was a perfect match, she thought insanely as he
continued to grind his pelvis into her, burying his cock into her as
deeply as he could.

The raging pain that had filled her was now banked down to a fiery
ache, but it threatened to rekindle itself.  

	"Fuck me, Baby, fuck Mommy, hard," she grimaced, digging her long,
sharp fingernails into her son's back.

Jerking his hips back, he immediately began to saw his gigantic prick
in and out of her salivating cunt.

	"Yes, Baby, yes, Baby, That's it," she drooled, raising her legs up
and digging her heels into his rebounding ass.

Outside the storm broke, sending a torrent of rain crashing down on
the house and filling the air with its fury.  Still as furious as the
storm outside was, it couldn't match the one that raged on inside the
room.

Like two wild animals struggling for supremacy, they fucked.  Neither
of them could get enough of the other as they grappled and fought to
bring pleasure to the other.  She couldn't believe how wonderful it
felt to be fucked so passionately once again.  Clawing and digging at
him, she urged him on and he responded by pounding his cock into her
harder and harder.  The ferocity of their incestuous coupling was
threatening to suck the sanity from their souls.  Neither of them had
ever experienced such passion.  Obscene sounds that should never have
been made by a mother and son filled their ears as their bodies
slapped together again and again. Expletives neither of them would
have thought of saying in the other's presence only minutes earlier
now came spewing out of their mouths.  

Suddenly, without warning another orgasm took over her body and she
became as stiff as a board.  With every muscle in her body locked
down, she was transported to the highest peaks of pleasure but her son
didn't miss a beat as he continued fuck her furiously. 

After several moments, as she floated down from the heights of
pleasure, she realized that her son had the virility and staying power
of a fucking goat.  He had been fucking her for at least thirty
minutes and was still going strong.  There weren't many men who could
do that, she thought proudly as she wrapped herself around him once
again.  Now after her second release, the raging fire had been stoked
down to a warm glow.  Not only that, the way her son was ravishing
her, IT would just be a painful memory before the night ended.

The storm outside seethed on as she felt her son back down a gear.
Like a trucker down shifting on a long, dangerous mountain road, he
was saving his strength for the finish.  But he still didn't miss a
beat as he kept on fucking her.  His hips, acting like giant untiring
pistons, rocked back and forth ceaselessly pounding his granite penis
in and out of her battered cunt.
 
Moving with the constant motion of his body, she lovingly caressed him
with her hands and legs, goading him to keep going.  Sweat was pouring
off them, coating their bodies as they fucked.  She had never felt
anything like it as he kept driving his cock into her.

Then as the house rattled and shook from another great blast of
thunder, she felt a quickening in his assault.  
 His hips began to fly back and forth faster and faster as he wildly
fucked her.  The blows on her pussy were coming so fast and furious,
she found it difficult to breathe.

	"AAWWWWWSSSSHHHEEEEIIIIIttttttttttttttt," he finally bellowed out as
his hips slashed forward, burying his cock into her as deeply as
humanly possible.

The force of the great spume of semen that erupted from his cock felt
like a kick in the stomach to her as she felt herself catapulted off
into another orgasm.

It was unbelievable.  Never had she been thrust to such delightful
heights.  If heaven was like this, she knew why everyone wanted to go
there.  Higher and higher she flew as her son's gigantic cock spewed
out more and more of its rich, thick boycum into her.  Soon, her pussy
was filled to overflowing and his cum began to leak out around the
pumping barrel of his cock.  Still his monstrous cock spewed out its
disastrous load into her until after what seemed like hours, the
contractions of his penis diminished and finally stopped.

	"Oh, My lovely, Baby," she crooned, covering his face with tiny
butterfly kisses, "it was wonderful."

	"Oh, Yes, can't believe it happened," he groaned tiredly.

Neither of the them moved as they lay listening to the roaring storm
outside.  At last, after several minutes, his shrunken prick slowly
slithered out of his mother's battered and abused pussy.

	"Oh, Baby, wish it was still big," she whined selfishly, "it felt so
good inside of me."

	"Be back in a minute," he grunted tiredly, rolling out of the bed and
heading for his bathroom, "don't leave me."

	"I won't," she crooned happily as she inhaled the fragrance of the
rain in the air.

She didn't remember the last time she had been so happy.  But, there
was something out of place.  Something wrong.  She was supposed to
feel guilty for what she had done with her son.  Strangely, she felt
no remorse at all.  Why should she?  Mikey, hey, she could call him
Mikey again, she thought joyfully.  Anyway, Mikey didn't seem too torn
up about it either.  Maybe they could make it work.  No one else had
to know, did they?  It would be their secret.  As long as they didn't
hurt anyone else, what harm could it do?  As long as she didn't get
pregnant.  But they could worry about that later.  She found it
wonderful to be in love again, no matter how wrong it was in society's
eyes.  She was in love.

It sounded like the storm was letting up outside, she thought as she
lay waiting for Mikey to come back to bed.  Then she heard his
bathroom door open and he slowly padded back over to the bed.

	"I'm back," he said, crawling onto the bed and snuggling up next to
her.

	"Good," she said, "can we talk for a little bit?"

	"Sure,  Mom," he told her, taking hold of her hand and pulling it down
to his cock.

	"Oh, My goodness," she exclaimed, as she lovingly wrapped her hand
around his rock-hard cock, "you're hard again, already."

	"Just thinking about us and what we did makes me hard," he explained,
gently fondling her breast, teasing her hardening nipple.

	"I guess that sort of tells me what I wanted to ask you," she grinned
into the darkness.

	"What do you mean?"

	"I just wondered if you thought what we did was bad and we shouldn't
do it anymore?"

	"Why? I thought it was, was too much."

	"You mean that it wouldn't bother you for us to be permanent lovers?"

	"Huh.  You mean live together like, like, uh, like husband and wife,
kinda?"

	"Why, yes.  That's not the way I would have put it, but that is
exactly what I meant."

	"I would do it, if that's what you want."

	"No, I would want you to do it because YOU wanted to."

	"Of, course I would.  Do you think I'm crazy?  What boy wouldn't love
to have his mother as his lover?  I always wished I could make love to
you, but I just never knew how to approach the subject.  It's not
something you bring up at the dinner table."

	"No, I could see where you wouldn't," she laughed out loud.

Both of them laughed and the sound of their laughter seemed to defuse
some of the tension in the air.

	"Then I guess that we are in agreement, then?" She whispered,
squeezing his cock.

	"Yes," he whispered back.

	"Then with this ring," she said softly, leaning down over his
resurgent cock, "I thee wed."

Pursing her lips into a ring, she slowly sucked his big, hard cockhead
into her mouth.

	"Oh, Yes, I do," he gasped as she began to lightly suck on him.

After a few moments, she slowly lifted her head, letting his cock
slither out of her mouth.

	"For better or for worse," she whispered, lowering her head and
sucking him back into her mouth.

	"Oh, Fuck, Yes, uh, I mean, I do," he groaned.

	"For good times and for bad times," she panted, jerking her mouth up
for a moment before sucking him back into her mouth again.

	"God, Yes," he bellowed.

	"Till death do us part," she grunted, driving her mouth down around
his cock sucking all of it into her mouth and throat.

	"OH, FUCK, I DO," he screamed out as his cock exploded inside her
mouth, "I do, I do, I do, I do..."	
The End of a Hawaiian Tragedy?
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
