                   -Hawaiian Trip-


      For  Patty's 20's birthday her parents payed for a trip  to
      Hawaii  for her to stay with her  childhood  friend  Vicki.
      Vicki  was also 20  and  the  two  of  them  haven't  seen
      each other  in 7 years.   Patty was was  on  the  plane  and
      thinking  about the things the  two  of  them  used  to  do
      together,  the  shopping,  and   looking   at   guys,   the
      Orgasms....  uuummmm.... the orgasms...  They were just 13,
      patty  found one of her  Father's  dirty  magazines.   They
      looked  through the pictures at  all  the  beautiful  women
      fucking  and sucking men and other women.   As they  looked
      through the magazine Patty was starting to get wet  between
      her  legs, She looked over at vicki and noticed a wet  spot
      beginging  to form between Vicki legs and could see  that
      she  was breathing heavier.   "looking at this magazine  is
      making me feel kinda strange, what about you Vick?" "Yea...
      I  feel kinda tingly,  especially between  my  legs."  "Hey
      Vick,  it looks like your wet between your legs"  "yea...It
      means  I'm horny,  at least that's what some of  the  other
      girls say." "i'm wet too.   Wanna see?" "Yes, I want to see
      how  wet you are" "okay" and with that patty slowly  pulled
      off her jeans and her panties, showing her friend her pussy
      which  was just starting to sprout hair.   "OOO...  I  just
      felt my pussy twinge a bit"  Vicki said "want to see mine?"
      "Yes,  please." Vicki dropped her  pants  and  reveled  her
      self.   Patty could see that vicki had a bit more hair then
      she  did, and could see  a  few  drops  of  vicki  juices
      dripping  off her sprouting pubic hair.   "want to try what
      some  of the girls are doing in the magazine?" vicki  asked
      patty,  removing the rest of her clothes.   "Sure, just  be
      gentle, I've never been touched between my legs before."

      "This  is the Captain  speaking..."  blared  over  the  loud
      speaker interrupting patty's walk down memory lane "we will
      be  landing on Hawaii by alpune in  a  couple  of  minutes,
      thanks for flying with American Airlines."   Patty  noticed
      that the little remembering made her pussy juices start  to
      flow.   Patty was really turned, and the slight rocking and
      bouncing of the plane as it landed almost brought he  right
      off  there and then.    Patty and Vicki had sex a few  more
      times  after that first time,  but then Vicki had  to  move
      because  of her father's work.   The  two  girls  exchanged
      letters  every week,  telling each other what happened  the
      week before.  Some of those letters were pretty steamy, and
      Patty and vicki would find themselves masturbating as  they
      read them and they told each other so.

      The  plane came to a stop at the terminal and after a  wait
      which  seemed forever they disembarked  the  plane.   Patty
      went  to the baggage claim where  Vicki  found  her.   They
      hugged  for a few minutes and exchanged hellos.   vicki was
      wearing  a sarong and a bikini top which barely  held  back
      her full breasts.   "Wow Vicki, you look great" "So do you,
      let's get you back to my place where you can shower up  and
      rest, tonight we'll go out on the town."

      Vicki drove them back to her place and while they exchanged
      idle chatter.   talking about family and friends.  Vicki
      place  was a small house,  3  bedrooms,  1  full  bathroom,
      living room, and kitchen, Small and cozy.

      Vicki  directed patty to the bathroom  and  suggested  that
      Patty  take a shower and Vicki would unpack.   Patty  liked
      the  idea, especially since it would give her  a  chance  to
      relive  her aching pussy.   Patty started the  warm  water
      flowing  and undressed,  she has  a  firm  body  and  ample
      breasts with dark large nipples and a thick blond mound  of
      pubic  hair between her legs.   She Stepped into the shower
      and  allowed herself to  get  lost  in  the  feeling.   She
      fondled  her breasts pulling on each of her  nipples,   and
      ram  down her body and  started  to  rub  her  pussy  lips.
      "ahhh....Owwwwww,  oohhh" patty  was  moaning,  and  vicki
      heard  her.  Vicki went into the bathroom and pulled  aside
      the  shower curtain to see her horny friend  playing  with
      herself.   "I'm sorry" vicki stammered "I heard moaning and
      I thought something was wrong..."

      Patty felt the heat from her throbbing slit rise to her face
      as she began to blush,  "Why don't you join me like we used
      to?"

      Vicki  let her sarong fall to the floor reveling  her  lacy
      red  panties which which were  almost  transparent.   Patty
      could  see her thick black  pubic  hair  which  was  neatly
      shaven  into a little heart the  bottom  of  which  pointed
      directly  to her clit.   Vicki then removed her bikini  top
      and her breasts were fell free.  Patty could tell just from
      looking  at them they were firm as they were when  she  was
      13, but much bigger.  Vicki removed her panties and climbed
      into the shower.  They embarrassed in a passionate kiss, patty
      pressing  her breasts against  vicki,  each  running  their
      hands  up and down each other's  sides,  over  their  asses.
      Patty  pulled back from vicki  and  began  feeling  vicki
      breasts  holding each as if feeling for  their  weight  and
      quality.  Vicki returned the inspection.  Vicki kissed each
      of  Patty's breasts sucked on each nipple,  she preceded to
      kiss  her way down patty's  body  until  she  was  directly
      staring  at Patty's cunt.   Vicki licked patty's clit which
      sent  quivers through her cunt.   Patty pulled on  her  own
      nipples and she came and came.  Vicki layed down in the tub
      and  patty nuzzled her face into vicki cunt,  licking and
      sucking till her friend came.

      They got out of the shower and both got dressed,  "time for
      a little trip around the town" vicki said with a sly smile.
      Vicki  dressed in skimpy red lace panties,  matching gater,
      black  fishnet stockings,  tight black  mini-skirt,  and  a
      tight  white shirt,  no bra.   Her dark nipples were  quite
      visible  through material.   Patty wore blue satin  panties
      with  lace  around  the  thighs,   red   stockings,   black
      Mini-skirt and red tube top.

      They  got  into  Vicki  car,  both  still  feeling  quite
      aroused, even the slight vibrating of the car as it started
      sent  little waves of pleasure through their  cunts.   They
      went to the beach and found a little party going on.   They
      made their way through the crowed, and found the drink tent.
      They  each ordered sodas.   Two guys came up  to  them  and
      asked  them to dance.   Patty accepted, but Vicki declined.
      Patty and one of the two guys named Marty went over to  the
      area of the beach where everyone was dancing.   Marty had a
      good  build was about 5' 10" with brown  hair.   Vicki  was
      talking  to the other Guy named Tim.   Tim also had a  good
      build,  longish black hair and was about 5' 9".   Vicki was
      shamelessly  flirting  with  Tim,  she  felt  his  powerful
      shoulders,  and worked  her  way  down  his  arms,  to  his
      stomach,  then to his crotch  where  she  started  rubbing
      gently  but firmly.   Patty was also doing her share of the
      flirting,   grinding her hips against Marty's, brushing her
      breasts over his chest,  grabbing his hips and pulling them
      to her's.

      After the song was over Patty and Marty rejoined Vicki  and
      Tim.   Tim and Marty offered to buy Patty  and  vicki  some
      drinks,  but Vicki had a better Idea.   She  proposed  that
      they  all went back to her place for some drinks.   Tim and
      Marty jumped at the idea.  Marty and Tim followed Vicki and
      Patty  back to Vicki house and no sooner did they get  in
      the  door when both girls dropped their skirts.   Marty and
      Tim  stood there staring at them with  a  loss  for  words.
      Vicki and Patty started kissing and caressing each other, and
      then turned to Tim and Marty and asked "are you guys  going
      to join us or are we going to do this alone?"

      Tim  and Marty quickly ripped off their clothes  and  moved
      closer to the girls.   Vicki and Patty removed their shirts
      to reveal that neither were wearing any bras.   Tim started
      to  fondle a breast of each  girl,  pulling  rolling  their
      nipples  between his fingers.   Marty sucked  on  the  free
      breast of Vicki and Patty massaged her free breast.   Patty
      reached  out and started stroking both guy's Cocks,  making
      them  nice and hard.   Vicki layed down on her back on  the
      floor and Marty layed down with her.   Marty moved his hand
      up vicki skirt along her thighs till he found a wet  spot
      in between  her legs.   Marty began to massage vicki  twat
      through  her panties and vicki pulled her skirt up.   Marty
      nuzzled his head between her legs, pulled the crotch of her
      panties  to the side and began to lick  her  pussy.   Patty
      removed the rest of her clothes and had two fingers in  her
      her hot box while suckling on tim's dick.

      Patty then layed down next to vicki and the two girls layed
      on their sides facing each other.  They began to finger each
      other and tim and marty layed behind each of the two girls.
      Marty  spread Patty's ass cheeks wide apart,  he slowly and
      gently inserted his cock into patty's tight arid hole.  Tim
      followed  Marty's lead and did  the  same  to  Vicki.   Tim
      pulled  out of vicki so that vicki could lay with her  face
      between  patty's legs then he again layed behind her so  he
      could fuck her ass.  Vicki parted patty's lips with her hot
      tongue and she could feel marty's every stroke.

      The  4 came together,  arms and legs flying  all  over  the
      place.   When they were through vicki decided to have  some
      fun with the two guys.   "If you two fucks don't get out of
      here  now, we'll start screaming RAP!"  Tim and  marty  ran
      out of vicki house naked and trying to put their  clothes
      on  while running.   The two girls  started  giggling,  and
      kissed  passionately.  "I think it's time to get some  sleep
      now..."  patty said,  and the two of them dozed quietly  in
      vicki bed.
