Archive-name: Fetish/hawaii.txt
Archive-author: Phd Tongue
Archive-title: Hawaiian Fun


A LETTER WE WROTE TO SOME FRIENDS ABOUT
SOME HAWAIIAN FUN WE HAD A FEW YEARS AGO:

You asked us about how we got interested in erotic activities and
also our special fondness for exhibitionistic and voyeuristic
fun, so we thought that I should tell you about one of our trips
to Hawaii that got us started.

Although we live in and were both raised in an extremely
conservative environment, we had always shared a strong curiosity
about erotic things, activities and ideas.

On our vacations, away from home, we always bought and read as
many of the sexy and erotic magazines and books as we could find
and we had gone together to the first X rated movie either of us
had ever seen.  This got us started thinking and talking about
all the possibilities, from teasing to swapping, and I guess we
discussed and imagined together nearly every type of possibility. 
We had reached the point of agreeing that neither of us would
take any underwear with us on vacation, and we had enjoyed B's
wearing of flimsy tops that showed-off her tits and,
particularly, her rather large and hard nipples.  We were also
sure that, on several "accidental" occasions, guys had gotten a
glimpse of her bare pussy.

Our interest seemed to wane for a while until we happened to see
the movie EMMANUELLE about 6 weeks before we went to Hawaii in a
January.  The movie had gotten our juices flowing again and when
we arrived in Honolulu and were waiting for a cab, I bought a
stack of erotic magazines, including one that we had not seen
before.  After we got to the hotel room and got unpacked, I was
waiting for B to shower and began to look at the magazines.  The
copy of the new magazine with personal ads from couples and
singles caught my eye and when I started to read some of the
personal ads, I really got a hard-on.  Just looking at the photos
of all the "average" women and couples and reading their ads had
turned me on tremendously.  When B came out and saw me lying
there on the bed sporting as big a hard-on as I have ever had,
she immediately wanted to know what had excited me so much.  I
told her to read a few of the ads and see what she thought while
I showered.  Well, by the time I had showered, there she was on
the bed playing with a very wet pussy while she was reading the
ads.

We were both starving, so we decided to take our wet pussy and
still semi-hard cock off to dinner and come back to finish the
ads later.  B dressed in a real see-through dress that hardly hid
anything.  All through dinner, we renewed our erotic discussion
and fantasies and we were really enjoying the way our waiter paid
particular attention to B and her nearly exposed tits.  Looking
at the highly lighted base of the salad bar, I dared her to go
back and stand in front of one of the lights with her legs spread
apart for a minute.  She went right over and stood there like she
couldn't decide what she wanted while every eye in the room could
literally see the hair on her pussy between her spread legs as
outlined by the bright light.  After she returned and I told her
how good she had looked, we could hardly wait to finish and get
back to the room.

We giggled all the way to the room and as soon as we were inside
the door, we quickly got undressed and got on the bed.  B grabbed
the magazine and began reading the ads out loud to me.  I was
getting so hot that I got up to look out the window and perhaps
cool off; and, as I was standing there, I caught the glimpse of
some movement in the room slightly below us in the hotel across
the way.  I always carry small binoculars, so I got them out and
found to my enjoyment that there was a young oriental couple,
totally naked, on the bed, kissing and touching each other. 
Before long, they engaged in 69 and I called B over to look.  By
now, I was so horny I could hardly stand it so I slipped my cock
into B's wet and hot pussy from behind as she bent over to look
through the binoculars.  We had our first of many orgasms then
and several more through the night as we watched the couple suck
and fuck, and also as we read and looked at the rest of the
personal ads and sucked and played with each other.

The next day on the beach, we could hardly talk about anything
else and after a few drinks through the afternoon, we were ready
to go back to the room and freshen-up.  Unlike her usual closing
of the drapes, B stood right in front of the window and took off
her suit and stretched and posed.  She asked me to come by the
side of the window and look with the binoculars to see if anyone
was watching her.  I could see one couple and two older men who
could see her.  One of the men went in and came out with his own
glasses and I could see him playing with himself as he watched
her.  The couple and the other man just stared.  I got really
horny so I took off my suit and came up behind her and grabbed
her tits and pulled her over to the bed and we fucked like crazy,
thinking that the people could see us.  (Later, we determined
that those people probably could not actually see that far into
the room from where they were).

We were hungry again, so we went down to another place...no
bright lights though ...to have a few drinks and eat.  We talked
about the erotic fun we were having and how we hoped that we
could watch the same couple or perhaps even others either naked
or having sex later that night.  B admitted that she had really
been turned on by the fact that others might be able to see her
naked and promised me then to never close the drapes in our hotel
or motel again.  She has kept that promise, although when we are
in a motel where people can walk right by the window, we can only
leave them open a couple of inches (and then, only after children
are likely in bed) without being too obvious and inviting
trouble.

We talked for a long time about how much fun it had been for her
and for me to know that other people were looking at her naked
and beautiful body and we both suggested some funny fantasies
about how we might arrange to let some guy get a real good close
look at her.  This was really a departure for us because, until
now, no one but me and two doctors had ever seen B naked.  We
talked about teasing and flashing and all sorts of circumstances
that might lead up to B being naked in front of some guy or guys.

We decided to keep our eyes open for any opportunities for the
next week while we would be on Kauai before returning home to the
snow.

That last night in Honolulu did not yield the same quality of
viewing in the other rooms although we did see several nude and
semi-nude men and women, as people were undressing for bed.  We
paraded around our well-lighted room totally naked for a long
time, but we couldn't tell if anyone was watching us, especially
from darkened rooms; but the thoughts that we were possibly being
observed excited us tremendously as did our discussion of some of
the personal ads we had read, and we enjoyed another great sex
filled night together.

On the plane over to Kauai and during the drive from the airport
down to our hotel at the south end of the island, we got into a
heavy discussion about our responding to some of the ads in the
magazine.  We both decided that we were probably not ready, nor
would it be wise, to try to experience everything at once so we
agreed to pick some ads requesting erotic letter and photo
exchange as a way for us to try these new experiences gradually
and with no immediate pressure for total involvement or action. 
Sitting on the beach in the afternoon sun, sipping Mai-Tais, we
reread the ads and decided which couples we would answer and B
nearly orgasmed without being touched just talking about sending
out nude photos of herself to couples all over the country and
knowing that some man she had never met would be looking at her
naked body.  This same thought turned me on so much that I was
very uncomfortable in a pleasant sort of way, and even more so
when we talked about receiving nude photos back from those
couples and the sex fun we would have as a result of that erotic
stimulation.  B wondered how we could ever get our photos
printed, but I found an ad from a confidential developing service
(which we still use) and she agreed to pose for an entire roll of
film in our room that night.  After dinner, more rum, and an
extremely stimulating photo session, we fell into bed exhausted
from a very full day.

We had been to Kauai many times and had explored nearly all of
the beach areas.  This day we decided to pack a lunch and plenty
of our favorite sun-tanning drink of rum and orange juice and go
to the beach near where ISLANDS ON A STREAM was filmed because it
is really quite secluded and we wanted to get all-over tans so we
could each wear our new skimpy bikinis purchased in Honolulu,
without the white spaces showing.  We arrived on one of those
very special calm Hawaii mornings, and had the entire area to
ourselves since the locals rarely go there on weekdays.  We
walked a ways down to where we knew there was a curve in the
beach and set up our mats and gear.  I am a snorkle-nut and since
I am also a bit braver than B sometimes, I shed my clothes and
wearing only my mask and tube, went out into the water to swim
and look around.  I would look up occasionally and I could see
that B was nude and was setting our lunch in the shade and
rubbing tanning lotion all over her body.  This was the first
time I had snorkled nude and it was strange swimming around with
the hard-on inspired by seeing my lovely wife moving about on the
beach as naked and as pretty as could be.

B stayed pretty close to the mats and her clothes but when I
returned to join her she gave me a drink and said that she was
really enjoying the nude sunbathing experience.  Somewhat anxious
to see what might develop, I made sure that she had plenty of rum
in her drinks and after we had a couple, I brought up the subject
of what she would do if someone else came along the beach.  B was
pretty hesitant, but she finally agreed that if there was no
hostile type threat, she would be willing to remain naked even if
someone did come along.  I had no sooner suggested that she could
lie down and pretend to be asleep if that happened so as to let
it be a less overt showing of her body, than we could hear a
vehicle pulling in down by our car.  

I looked carefully down the beach from a protected position and
could see that a guy got out of a small truck and began walking
the other way down the beach along the water as though looking
for shells.  The excitement of possibly being seen was affecting
B.  She poured another drink, and I could see the wetness of her
pussy glistening in the sun.  We watched the guy until he rounded
the curve out of sight and we decided that nothing was going to
happen so we lay back and soaked up the sun.

B can stand more sun than I can and I began to get too warm and
went for a dip to cool off.  As I returned to the mats I could
just see the guy coming back up the beach so I put on my suit and
went out and poked around the water's edge for only one
reason.....to let him know we were there.  Without looking at him
directly, I watched until I was sure that he was coming past his
truck and on down our way.  Then I hurried to awaken the dozing B
to tell her that he was coming our way and ask her if she would
like to pretend sleep and remain naked as he came by.  She agreed
and since she was wearing very dark sunglasses, she said that she
could probably watch him if he looked at her.  I asked her to
part her legs a little so that the fold of her pussy was visible
and said that if he stopped I would tell him that she had had a
little too much to drink and was snoozing for a while.  She
agreed and spread her legs a little and adjusted her head up on a
towel so she could see but her eyes would be hidden, and I walked
back out to the water's edge.  

The guy was about a block away, so I began walking toward him and
met him about half way.  He was a nice young man who was working
on some condo construction, but had pulled his shoulder and had
taken the day off.  I told him that my wife and I had come out to
suntan in the nude but that I had begun to get a sunburn on my
cock and that she had too much to drink and had fallen asleep. 
We were approaching B and the young man could see that she was
naked and he turned as though to walk back the other way.  I said
that it was all right and the she probably wouldn't mind if he
saw her and, since she was asleep, it wouldn't matter anyway; so
he continued along with me.  He couldn't take his eyes off B's
firm and naked body as we got closer and stopped just even with
her.  From where we stood, we were looking right up between B's
legs to her pussy and the view was super erotic.  He commented
that she was very sexy looking and had a great body.  I asked him
if he really liked what he could see and he nodded yes so I asked
him if he would like a closer look.  Without taking his eyes off
her pussy, he nodded yes again; but he hesitated as I turned to
go toward her.  He said "what if we wake her?".  I replied that
when she fell asleep in the sun after drinking rum, she was
really "out" for at least an hour and he needn't worry because it
would take a cannon to waken her.

We walked right up to her and we could see her moist pussy lips
and her hard nipples.  We could not see her eyes but I knew she
was watching and could see the bulge of both hard-ons she was
causing.  He said that she was really great looking and could not
believe his good fortune of being able to see her like this, and
adjusted his rigid cock in his shorts.  I could tell that B was
taking all this in because I could see more moisture showing at
the slit of her pussy.  I said that I didn't want her to get a
bad sunburn and should probably rub some oil on her for
protection and got the bottle and knelt down by her left side. 
He just stood there with his shorts sticking out, so I asked him
if he wanted to help.  As he knelt down by her right side, he
asked if I was sure that she would not wake up and I replied that
I was sure and squirted oil on both her arms and across her
shoulders and began to rub it into her left arm and shoulder.  He
still hadn't moved, so I said to go ahead and that she would
never know anyway.  He tentatively began to rub the oil into her
right arm and shoulder and I knew that he was feeling hot skin
and warm oil and I realized then that not only was this the first
"stranger" to look closely at B's naked body, but that I was
watching him actually touch her body as well.  Knowing that she
was watching and had allowed things to go this far, I decided to
see what more could develop so I took the oil and squirted some
down each leg from thigh to ankle and began rubbing it into her
left leg.  He followed suit and we were both leaning down by her
knees and looking right at her pussy.  We could literally see
droplets of moisture running down the slit.  I rubbed the inside
of her thigh, carefully stopping short of her pussy hair, and he
did the same.  Then, looking him in the eye, I gently put my
hands under her knee and ankle and slowly moved her left leg
about six inches sideways.  He appeared to be hesitant, but I
nodded yes and he did the same to her right leg which exposed her
full pussy to our view.  Her outer lips had parted slightly and
we could see the wet pink folds of her inner lips.

I began to rub the oil into her thigh with both hands, taking
care to stop just short of her pussy and he followed my motions
exactly.  As he was rubbing her thigh and looking right into her
pussy, I looked at B's face and smiled and licked my lips and she
smiled right back and licked her lips as a sign to me that she
was enjoying what was happening as much as I was.  Then, I poured
oil on her belly from the base of her tits to the hair of her
pussy and began rubbing my side of that area.  He moved up to do
the same and as we did that, I poured circles of oil on each
nipple and full breast and without hesitation we were then both
rubbing oil into a fine breast with extremely rigid nipples, each
of us tweaking her nipples as we massaged the oil into her tits.

At this point, my cock was so hard it hurt so I stood up and took
my suit off to give it more freedom.  When I knelt back down, my
cock was at the right level so I began to rub it all around her
left tit and hare nipple.  This time, he didn't need any
encouragement as he dropped his shorts and began to rub his cock
all over her right tit and its hard nipple.  He did not notice,
but we were close enough that I could see her open eyes behind
her sunglasses and they were focused on the first cock, other
than mine, that B had ever seen "up close and personal" and
watching it rub her firm and hot tittie.  Her hips had begun to
involuntarily spasm a little, so I said to him that even though
she was "out" she appeared to be enjoying our caresses nearly as
much as we were and asked him if he wanted to give her more
pleasure by rubbing her pussy.  He immediately reached down with
his right hand and cupped her entire pussy mound.  He slid his
fingers up and down her pussy lips and inserted his first two
fingers into her to the hilt.  He was obviously experienced
because as he moved his fingers in and out of her he rubbed her
aroused clit with his thumb.  B could no longer control herself
and began to raise her hips against his finger thrusts and to
moan slightly as she approached orgasm.  All this time, she was
watching us both pump our cocks against her tits and she (and I)
was really enjoying the highest sexual excitement we had ever
had.

As his finger thrusts got deeper and her pelvic thrusts got
higher, I said that I could tell that she was about to cum and we
both began to pump our cocks harder across her nipples.  She
began to moan even more and, as she reached an obvious orgasm, we
both exploded our cum all over her titties in a hot sun and oil
threeway orgasm that we, and I am sure he, will never forget.  

B's orgasm had subsided but he still had his fingers up inside
her pussy and as he would flick her clit, her hips would
involuntarily spasm and she would let out a little gasp.  He was
worried that she was waking up, so he wiped the last drop of his
cum on the side of her tit and pulled his shorts up over his
still fairly hard cock.  B was still kind of sighing and was
licking her lips as I stood up and agreed with him that she
probably would wake up soon.  He said he thought that he had
better leave before she awakened and leaned down to take a last
look at her pussy, now open and running with her own juices.

As he turned to go, he asked me if I was going to tell her what
had happened and I said that I though that I would.  He smiled
and said to thank her for a great experience and walked back down
the beach toward his truck.

I left B alone to savor the experience herself and went out to
the water to cool off and to also think of what we had just
enjoyed.

After he had driven off, we had great sex in the sunshine and
agreed that even though we had gone a lot further than either of
us had imagined or planned, this outrageous and spontaneous thing
we had done was the most exciting thing we had ever done and
would probably open the door to more fun and enjoyment of erotic
activities.

We have been very selective and limited in our actual physical
contacts with others, concentrating primarily on the exchanging
of erotic photos and letters and enjoying the vicarious thrills
we derive from that activity as well as our pastime of
"accidental" exhibitionism, but we often fondly reminisce about
our first "afternoon in the sun" and how we got started toward
erotic enjoyment.

We hope you two have enjoyed this answer to your request.

--
