Copyright © 1998,    Candy Kane     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.



WARNING: This story is a work of fiction that contains descriptions of explicit sexual acts between females.  If this type of content offends you, or you are under the age of 18, do not read it.

HEATHER AND SARAH by Candy Kane

My name is Heather, and my first sexual experience with another person was with my cousin, Sarah.  We lived up north and Sarah came to stay with us after her parents split up.  During a severe blizzard, it was all the furnace in our house could do to keep up with the cold.  Sarah and I shared a large bedroom upstairs.  She was already in bed, and I was moving as fast as I could to keep warm while I put on my T-shirt.  Over-sized football T-shirts and panties were what we slept in.  Just as I was about to climb in my bed, Sarah said to get in with her first and she would warm me up.

I turned out the lights and scrambled under the blankets.  Sarah rapped her arms around me and rubbed my back and legs.  She said my hands felt like ice cubes and told me to put them between her legs where she could warm them.  She squeezed them as she vigorously rubbed me all over.  Soon I realized she was pressing her crotch against my hands.  This definitely warmed me up fast.  Her right hand moved down my back and around my bottom, her fingers traced the inside of my crack, pressing my panties into it.

With our bodies intertwined and the blankets over our heads, I quickly forgot about the blizzard outside.  As Sarah continued to push against my hands, I realized her crotch was getting wet, not from sweat, but from the same sticky flow that covered my fingers when I masturbated.  She moved in a slow steady rhythm, squeezing my hands tight.  I could feel her breath on my face, and in the dark our lips touched.  The tip of her tongue moved across my lips gently coaxing them apart.  At the same time, her hand was between my legs and her finger worked its way under the edge of my panties.  My heart pounded, unsure what was happening but not wanting her to stop.

Sarah's tongue was like a feather brushing across my lips.  I opened my mouth and she explored the warmth inside.  Then her finger found my slit.  This was the first time anyone had ever touched me there, and it sent a shudder through me.  I opened my legs and she slid her finger inside.  I thought I would faint as a wave of excitement swept over me.  Suddenly, my hand was inside her panties feeling her soft fur, my fingers searching.  I was eagerly returning her kisses now, our tongues exploring, sharing the heat of our mouths.

I felt her clitoris, and as I touched it, she quivered and moaned, spreading her legs for me.  My body was wet with sweat, my crotch soaked.  I had smelled my own arousal many times when I fingered myself, but now there was something new: Sarah's scent drifted up to me.  Knowing I made her wet left me dizzy with excitement.

We were both breathless, our hearts pounding, our bodies wound together like a knot.  We climaxed at the same time, fighting to keep from crying out and awakening my parents.  As I tried to catch my breath, I brought my hand to my face.  It was covered with Sarah's juice, and I touched it to my lips, tasting another girl for the first time.  It was the most intimate, sensual feeling I had ever experienced.  I was light-headed, scared that it was only a dream.  Tasting her was intoxicating, and I craved her soft moans in my ears again.  What a delicious secret: my cousin who slept in the same room with me had the power to take me to heaven, and I her.  Rapture washed over me as I thought of all the possibilities.  But the best was yet to come.

Each night, we would wait until we were sure everyone in the house was asleep.  Then, as the wind howled outside, we would be under the covers, kissing and loving.  Sometimes, Sarah would awaken in the middle of the night, shed her panties and tiptoe across the room to my bed.  While I slept, she would slip under the covers, her hands finding the warmth between my legs.  Her tongue would move across my nipples making them hard, and I would wake up with her fingers already inside me, her sweet mouth on mine.  The next morning, I would wonder if it had really happened or had it just been a delicious dream.

One night as we made love, Sarah took her finger out of me and slid it into her own wet vagina.  Then she touched it to my lips so I could taste us both.  She kissed me and whispered that she wanted to try something new.  I asked what she meant and she said she saw it in a magazine, that I'd learn soon enough.  Sarah liked to suck on my nipples while she fingered me, but this time she didn't stop at my breasts.  She moved her mouth down my stomach and let the tip of her tongue play with my navel sending shock waves through me.  Then she moved down further, licking my soft hair like a mother cat.  I was already soaked and swollen from our foreplay; my clitoris was hard and exposed.  When her tongue touched it, I saw stars.

She moved around so she could lie between my legs and I quickly wrapped them around her head to hold her there.  I pinched my nipples while Sarah's tongue went inside me for the first time.  As she sucked on my clitoris, she inserted a finger, then two, then three, driving me to the edge of orgasm.  I couldn't wait to try it on her.

I climaxed as I rocked back and forth, and she reached up and squeezed my nipples sending me deeper into ecstasy.  Then she got on her hands and knees, crawled up and kissed me hard, her mouth wet with my girl-cum.  She let me kiss and licked it off her lips and cheeks.  Next, she swung her leg over me and moved her ass toward my face until it was only inches away.  Then she lowered her head and ate me with a renewed hunger.  I reached up and pulled her to me, her scent filled my nostrils.  My heart raced as I kissed and licked her.  This was beyond my wildest dreams: tasting and smelling her at the same time made my head spin.  My tongue slipped inside, and her wet sex flowed out.  I caressed her bottom and legs, reaching under to hold her breasts and squeeze her nipples.  Then I spread her open with my fingers and sank my tongue deep inside.  We must have climaxed a dozen times together that night as I realized that I couldn't get enough of Sarah; I wanted to make love to her forever. 

* * *

Sarah's mother came for her a few months later.  The night before she left, we held each other and cried.  I couldn't believe my lover would soon be gone.  I wanted to kill myself but she said that would mean we would never be together again.  On the day she moved away, she gave me a small box and said to smell what was inside whenever I missed her.  Sarah had a special perfume that I loved and I thought that might be what was in the box.  But that night when I was alone, I opened it to find a pair of her panties.  Holding them to my nose, I realized Sarah had fingered herself through the material soaking them with a seductive reminder of her arousal.  I kept her panties under my pillow and breathed in her fragrance each night while I masturbated.

Over the next year, we spoke on the phone a few times when my mother would let me call.  I told Sarah how I laid awake at night touching myself and wished it were her between my legs.  She told me she dreamed of making love to me and would wake up breathless, her crotch socking wet.  Then our mothers had a falling out and we were not allowed to call.  I did not see Sarah again for almost 10 years.

Growing up, I lost my virginity to a boy in my science class.  Throughout high school, I dated a lot of boys and girls, and thought I'd fallen in love at least half a dozen times.  When I had sex with another girl, it was always nice but never the same as with Sarah.  I knew that she owned a piece of my heart, a piece I could never give to anyone else.

Two years out of college, I was working in an advertising agency writing copy for television commercials.  As I sat at my desk one day typing away on my computer, the phone rang.

"Heather?"

"Yes."

"It's Sarah."

It took a second before it hit me.  I opened my mouth but nothing came out.  My palms turned clammy, my body quivered.  The phone almost slipped from my hand.  "Sarah," I said finally, although it was more of a moan than a word.  "Where are you?"

"Close by."

My brain flooded with memories: the padding of her bare feet on the wooden floor as she came to my bed; the rush of excitement knowing she would be naked; the heat of her breath on my neck; the tangy scent of her arousal; the dampness of her bush as she pressed it against my thigh; the salty taste of her skin.  My body went limp and I could not have stood up if my life had depended on it.  I couldn't believe the sudden wave of erotic emotion that swept through me, the yearning between my legs.  She told me the name of her hotel.  "When can I see you?" I asked, hoping no one in the office noticed my heart pounding against my chest.

"I'm here for you now."

The words blurred my vision.	She said her room number and hung up before I could tell her I was coming.

I told my boss I wasn't feeling well and would like to leave early.  I must have looked a wreck for he didn't hesitate to let me go.

I ran out of the building to my car.  Her hotel was only a few miles away, and when the valet handed me the parking receipt, he must have thought I was going to faint.  My pulse raced, my face was flushed.  I walked across the lobby on shaky legs and pushed the button for her floor.  A moment later I stood in front of her door.  With a knot in my stomach and eyes wide with anticipation, I knocked.  The door opened and my sweet, beautiful Sarah stood there smiling her wicked little grin.  Her eyes gleamed with a secret kept too long.  She reached out and took my hand leading me into the room.  When the door closed, she stepped back and let me look at her.  She was tall even in her bare feet.  Her body was firm and her auburn hair flowed down to her shoulders.  She wore only a T-shirt, which immediately brought a smile to my face.

"You took too long," she said, and took me in her arms.  What started as a friendly hug quickly turned into groping as her mouth found mine, her hands frantically working to undress me.  I covered her face and neck with kisses as she stripped me down to bra and panties.  She looked down at my black silk panties, the front soaked and glistening.  "You're already wet." she said, and knelt in front of me.  With her face only inches away, she gently slid my panties down my legs.  I stepped out of them and Sarah brought them up to her face, cupping the delicate material over her nose and breathing in deeply.

"You smell so good," she said, "just like I remember."  Then, with her eyes locked on mine, she slowly licked the sticky girl-cum off the inside of the crotch.  As I watched this incredibly sensual act, I became dizzy and had to fight to keep from falling.  Finally, she leaned forward and gave my vagina the softest, most tender kiss.  Sarah stood and reached behind me to undo my bra, whispering, "If I don't have you in the next thirty seconds, I'm going to explode."

"Then hurry," I said, feeling moisture drip down the inside of my legs.

My bra dropped to the floor and she lead me toward the bed, our mouths trying to taste as much of each other along the way as we could.  I slipped her T-shirt over her head and she dropped back on the bed, pulling me down on her.  Her body felt wonderful under me, her legs wrapping around me like she would never let go.  Suddenly, she stopped kissing me and looked deep into my eyes.  "I've wanted you a million times every day."

"Then stop counting."  I brushed the hair from her face. "I'm here, and I'm yours."

She rolled me over and her lips found my nipples.  From one to the other, she frantically tried to make up for ten years of unquenched desire.  Soon, she worked her way down between my legs and drank the love juice that flowed from me like she was dying of thirst.  I lay back and let her make love to me knowing my turn would come soon, I would have her completely.  And I did.  Through the afternoon and late into the night, we rediscovered all the things that had pleased us so long ago and quickly found a whole new world of pleasures learned in the time since.

"I won't let you go this time," I said as we lay beside each other, my fingers softly tracing her breasts and nipples.

"You won't have to.  I've tried to forget you, tried to live without you, but nothing worked.  No matter what I do, I always imagine what it would be like with you.  I finally realized I was a fool to go on without the one thing in the world I needed most.  Heather, I need you more than air."

I raised up on one elbow and touched her face.  In the soft light coming through the window, I saw a tear form at the edge of her eye.  I kissed the salty drop away and said, "I love you forever."

"Not long enough," she whispered, and turned her face to find my mouth.

We were both crying now with tears of joy.  We had professed our love at last and I realized I wanted her even more.  We made love again with a passion that had burned inside us for over ten years.  This time nothing would separate us.  This time we would be together forever.

Send comments to rytr33@hotmail.com
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....


