                        My Head Is Swimming!
                                 A Fantasy  

It was a hot sunny day in July.  Two weeks had passed without any 
break in the heat wave we were having so I decided to head for a local 
community pool which was only a mile from my house.  I got to the pool 
around nine in the morning figuring I could get a few laps in before the 
pool got crowded.  After I parked my car on the side of the pool I 
decided to take a look through the wire fence which surrounded the 
pool area to see how many people were inside.  It was just my luck that 
a nearby College was having their monthly swim meet on that same 
morning.  The pool area was crowded with swimmers and spectators 
who had gathered to watch the competition so I decided to just give up 
the whole idea and head back home.  I was just about to turn around 
and head for my car when I caught sight of the hottest young hunk I 
had ever seen in my life!  He was about five feet ten inches tall and was 

wearing nothing but a light blue bikini bathing suit which hugged his 
body like a glove leaving little to the imagination!  He was at least 19 
or 
20 years old with short jet black hair and a face that was beyond 
handsome, he was absolutely gorgeous!  His lean muscular body was 
smooth, tan and hairless except for a small patch of black hair between
his pec's and a thin black line of hair which ran from his navel down 
into the top of his swimsuit and a thin layer which lightly covered his 

muscular legs.  

As he walked straight towards me on the other side of the fence, 
heading for the diving board ladder, I devoured every inch of his 
incredible body with my eyes, paying special attention to the huge bulge 

he had packed tightly inside the front of his swimsuit.  With each step 
he took I watched the large bulge inside his light blue bikini bounce 
and 
sway from side to side which caused my own cock to harden inside my 
tight jeans.  When he reached the diving board ladder and turned to 
start his climb upwards I was able to see his tight round ass which was 
barely covered by his tight swimsuit.  One could easily see just by 
watching the way he moved that there was a certain arrogance about 
him.  He was definitely aware of how good looking he was, from his 
confident strut as he walked to the small tight swimsuit he wore, one 
knew right away that he liked being looked at!  Reaching the top of the 
ladder, he stepped out onto the diving board and paused for a few 
seconds to look down around the pool and savor the feeling of having 
all those eyes fixed closely on his magnificent body!  Seeing how all 
eyes were on him as he moved to the edge of the board, he reached up 
quickly and squeezed the large bulge inside his bathing suit to 'adjust' 

himself, before raising his arms above his head and making the perfect 
dive!

He swam over to the side of the pool and climb up the ladder out of the 
pool almost as perfectly as he dove off the diving board.  His wet body 
glistened in the bright sun and his wet bathing suit was even more 
revealing than before.  I could almost make out the entire length of his 

cock inside his tight wet swimsuit which clung to his muscular body 
tightly.  Suddenly I lost sight of him as his teammates all circled 
around 
to congratulate and compliment him on his perfect dive.  When the 
crowd of swimmers headed into the locker room to change I finally 
spotted him again doing laps in the pool.  Back and forth he swam as 
the pool area emptied out and cars began pulling out of the parking lot.  

As the last few swimmers came out of the pool entrance and piled into 
their cars to leave I watched as he finished his last lap and climbed out 

of the pool.   Grabbing his towel off a nearby bench I watched his tight 
round ass as he strutted over to the locker room and disappeared 
inside.  Quickly I headed around to the pool entrance and, after paying 
the admission fee to the clerk in the booth, headed into the men's 
locker room.  Once inside the locker room I turned down the first row of 
lockers I came to and froze solid right in my tracks!  

There, standing only five feet in front of me, was the gorgeous young 
hunk I had just been watching so closely from the outside.  He had just 

pulled a dry towel out of his locker and was running it over his muscular 

chest when I turned the corner.  The towel was hanging down covering 
his crotch as he ran it up and down his chest and stomach drying 
himself off.  It wasn't until he ran the towel up to his head and started 

rubbing it briskly through his wet hair that I saw he had already 
removed his wet swimsuit and was standing in front of me completely 
naked!  His thick soft cock hung down between his legs almost 6 
inches and was surrounded by a thick mat of black pubic hair.  As his 
beautiful cock bounced and swung back and forth while he briskly ran 
the towel through his hair, I was able to see the large round balls 
which 
hung between his legs.  My entire body trembled at the sight of his 
magnificent naked body.  When he lowered the towel and noticed me 
just standing there watching, he smiled slightly, and continued sliding 
the towel over his body slowly moving it downward towards his crotch!  
Seeing how he didn't mind me watching him,  I took a few steps toward 
him, as he spread his legs and slipped the towel under his balls.

My heart pounded as I watched him rubbing his cock and balls with the 
towel while he watched my face closely for my reaction.  My eyes 
widened when I noticed that his cock was starting to get hard as he ran 
the towel up and down the length of it and all over his balls.  Looking up 

at his face he winked at me and motioned me to come even closer to 
him.  Accepting his invitation I quickly took a few more steps towards 
him until I was almost standing on top of him.  As my eyes dropped 
back down to his hardening cock he looked around quickly to make 
sure we were alone and whispered "Wanna dry it for me Man?"  Not 
waiting for my answer he reached over and handed me the damp towel 
then leaned back against the lockers which were behind him.  My hand 
shook nervously as I slowly placed the towel between his muscular legs 
and started moving it all around his cock and balls.  In seconds his 
cock grew to it's fully erect size of 9 inches long and almost 3 inches 

thick!  It bobbed back and forth then brushed up against my hand as I 
moved the towel over his magnificent young crotch.  He closed his 
eyes and moaned a little when I wrapped the damp towel around his 
hard cock and started sliding it over the length of it!

Without opening his eyes he reached up and, placing his hands on my 
shoulders, pushed me down on my knees in front of him.  I dropped the 
damp towel on the floor when he slid his hands from my shoulders to 
the back of my head and started pulling my face closer to his huge 
hard cock!  I knew the danger of getting caught was evident but when 
he whispered "Suck it for me!" I quickly opened my mouth and sunk it 
half way onto his long cock closing my lips tightly around the thick 
shaft!  I could still taste and smell the chlorine from the pool all 
over 
his delicious young cock as I sucked up and down the length of it.  
"Yeah!" 
he whispered, as I worked the head of his cock with my hot tongue!  
Running my tongue over the bulging veins below his piss slit caused a 
drop of his pre-cum to ooze out onto my tongue.  It was deliciously hot 
and salty which made me want his full load of hot cum even more!  I 
could feel the fat head of his cock expanding in my mouth as I 
concentrated all my tongue efforts on his cock veins.  Grabbing a 
fistful 
of my hair in each hand he cried out "OH FUCK!" as the first large load 

of his hot thick cum exploded into my hungry mouth!  "TAKE IT MAN!" 
he cried, as I quickly swallowed his first delicious load of white cum 
just 
in time to receive his second hot load!  

Pulling my hair hard he pushed his hips forward and forced his huge 
cock past my tonsils and into my throat as he yelled "SUCK 
IT...UGGHHHHH!"  His third load of hot cum blasted into my throat as 
he held my head tightly up against his crotch forcing me to take every 
inch of his dick in my mouth!  Load after load of his hot thick cum 
poured into my throat until he finally moaned "Uugghhhh" and dropped 
his hands to his sides allowing me to slide my mouth off his softening 
cock and get up on my feet.  Reaching down he picked up his damp 
towel off the floor and wrapped it around his waist just as two men 
entered the changing room and headed for their lockers.  When the two 
pool patrons were out of sight the gorgeous young swimmer smiled and 
said "Thanks Man!  I was so fuck'in horny I got a little carried away.  
You got a real hot mouth Man!"  Reaching out and gently squeezing the 
impression his soft cock was making inside the front of his damp towel, 

I smiled back at him and suggested that he join me in the shower to 
rinse all the chlorine off his body.  Smiling brightly he quickly packed 
all 
his things back into his locker and headed for the showers as I ran over 

to my own locker and began ripping off all my clothes and stuffing them 
inside.  

Grabbing my towel I headed into the steam filled shower room and 
searched through the mist for the young swimmer.  I finally found him 
all the way at the end of the room standing under one of the shower 
heads while warm water sprayed all over his young body.  Hanging my 
towel on a nearby hook I quickly took my place beneath the shower 
head right next to his and turned on the water.  I watched as he ran a 
bar of soap all over his lean muscular body, paying special attention to 
his hardening cock and his round balls.  As he ran his soapy hand up 
and down the length of his cock I watched it grow harder with each of 
his strokes.  Unable to control myself any longer I quickly stepped 
under his shower with him and started running my own bar of soap 
over his beautiful chest!  He moaned a little as I ran my hand down his 
tight stomach and slid it onto his fully erect cock and squeezing it 
gently.  Checking first to make sure no one was around I slid my hand 
off of his hard cock and whispered for him to turn around so I could 
wash his back for him.  Without any hesitation he turned towards the 
wall and place his hands up on each side of the shower head as I ran 
the bar of soap all over his back.  Slowly running the bar of soap down 

his smooth back I gently slid it between the cheeks of his tight round 
ass which caused him to moan a little and spread his muscular legs 
even further apart!  Up and down I slid the bar of soap between his ass 
cheeks letting my fingers occasionally brush over his tight asshole!

Dropping the bar of soap to the shower floor I ran my soap covered 
hand over my own hard cock and stepped forward, placing the head of 
my cock between the cheeks of his ass.  He jumped a little when I 
pushed my hips forward and slipped the head of my 7 inch cock inside 
his tight hot ass.  After pausing for a few seconds to let his tight 
virgin 
ass adjust to the size of my cock, I slowly slid my soapy hands up his 
back and onto each of his arms holding them firmly up against the 
shower wall.  Little by little I pushed my hips forward gently easing 
inch 
after inch of my hard cock inside his hot ass until I succeeded in 
getting the entire length of it up his ass.  As I started slowly sliding 
my 
hot cock in and out of his tight young ass he relaxed a little and 
actually 
began to enjoy having his ass fucked.  It didn't take long before I was 
pounding my throbbing cock into his hot ass bringing myself closer and 
closer to shooting my load.  With one hard thrust I shoved my hard 
dick deep into his ass just as the first load of my hot cum exploded 
from the head of my cock.  Holding his arms pressed up against the 
shower wall I pumped load after load of my thick cum into his virgin ass 

until I had shot every last drop deep into his bowels!

Releasing his arms and letting my spent cock slip out of his ass I 
stepped back a little and spun him around to face me.  Dropping to my 
knees in front of him I quickly took his hard cock into my mouth and 
sucked as hard as I could.  He was so excited that it only took five 
seconds before he slammed his hands on the back of my head and 
cried out "I'M CUMMING!  Uugghh...."  The first load of his fresh hot cum 

shot out of his cock so hard it went down my throat without me even 
having to swallow!  Wrapping my lips around the head of his thick 
young cock I sucked load after load of his delicious thick cum into my 
mouth until I felt the last few drops ooze from his piss slit and onto my 

tongue.  As he collapsed back against the shower wall I let his 
softening dick slip from my lips and stood up in front of him.  Stepping 
forward I slid my arms behind him and pulled him close to me pressing 
my lips hard up against his and pushing my tongue deep into his 
mouth.  We stood there kissing in the steam filled shower for almost 
five minutes before I heard someone coming and quickly jumped back 
over to my own shower beside his.  As a group of pool patrons entered 
the shower room we quickly finished rinsing off and headed for our 
lockers.  He didn't say much as we stood beside each other getting 
dressed but from the smile on his face I knew that he had enjoyed 
himself as much as I did.

When we reached the parking lot and were about to head for our cars 
he quickly grabbed my arm and said "Hey wait a minute!"  Turning and 
looking into his deep blue eyes I feared he was about to hit me with the 
old guilt trip about being 'straight' when he added "My head is 
swimming Man!  Will you meet me here next Saturday at eight?"  
Smiling brightly I gave him a slap on the ass and turned towards my 
car as I replied "Sure thing!  I'd love to do some more laps with you 
next week.  See you then!"

                              The End...
