Copyright © 1998,    T. Allen Strange.     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing tallenstrange@mrdouble.com.




WARNING!!  THIS STORY DEPICTS SEXUAL INTERCOURSE
BETWEEN AN ADULT AND A MINOR CHILD!!  THE STORY IS
ABOUT INCEST!  IF THIS TYPE OF STORY OFFENDS YOU, THEN
**READ NO FURTHER!!!**

THIS MATERIAL IS NOT INTENDED FOR CHILDREN OR
ANYONE UNDER THE AGE OF EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS OF AGE!!  

ALL PLACES, EVENTS, AND PERSONS DEPICTED IN THE STORY
ARE FICTIONAL.  ANY RESEMBLANCE TO ANY PERSONS,
ALIVE OR DEAD, ARE COINCIDENCE, SELF-INDUCED
DELUSION, AN OVER-ACTIVE IMAGINATION, OR WISHFUL THINKING!!

ANY PERSONS **STILL** READING THIS STORY HAVE NO
OBJECTIONS COMING TO THEM REGARDING THE CONTENTS
OF THE SAME.


               m/f, mm/f, M/f, Mm/f, MF/f, m/F, con, non-con, S&M, B&D

                                      HOUSE OF SECRETS

                                                     By

                                           T. Allen Strange


                                        CHAPTER TWO
          
          
          
          
       The next morning at breakfast Thomas acted the same toward 
       Heather as though nothing had happened.  She, on the other hand, 
       kept casting sidelong glances in his direction.  When he would 
       catch her looking at him she would blush and quickly look away.  
       Thomas knew she was having trouble dealing with it.  That 
       bothered him. 

          Heather was basically a very good girl no matter what 
       happened last night, and if her conscience got to bothering her 
       too much she might just defy him.  He had a good thing here and 
       he intended to make sure she was never able to refuse him, 
       regardless of what he wanted her to do! 

          The question was how?  He pondered that question all through 
       breakfast.  By the time Heather and Laura were clearing the 
       table after they'd finished eating he had a plan.

          Parents didn't get summer vacation like them, and their folks 
       would be leaving for work soon.  As soon as he finished eating 
       he returned to the room he shared with his brother and ransacked 
       the closet.  It took a while but he finally found what he was 
       looking for.  It was an old Lone Ranger's mask last worn several 
       years ago at Halloween.  He grinned.  It would do nicely!

          Thomas went into the bathroom and rummaged through the 
       medicine cabinet until he found a box of cotton balls.  He 
       removed two and returned to his room.  Randy was just leaving.

          "I'm going over to Doug's house.  You coming?", he asked as 
       Thomas started going through the drawers in the desk they 
       shared.

          "Naw, not now.  I'll catch up with you later.  I've got stuff 
       to do."

          Randy looked at his brother quizzically.  They were usually 
       inseparable.  He considered hanging around to see what Tommy was 
       up to, but decided that Doug's house offered more opportunity 
       for fun.

          "Okay, I'll tell him you'll come by later," he said over his 
       shoulder on the way out.

          Thomas didn't answer.  He found the last item he needed.  A 
       tube of Elmer's glue.  He sat at the desk and carefully pasted 
       the cotton balls on the inside of the mask over each eye 
       opening.  When finished he scrutinized his handiwork carefully.

          "That'll do just fine," he grinned, satisfied.

          He shoved it into the drawer and opened one of the drawers of 
       his Captain's bed and retrieved the Polaroid he'd gotten for 
       Christmas two years ago.  He hadn't used it very often because 
       his parents made him buy his own film out of his allowance.  
       After he'd used up the film that came with it he never used it 
       again.  Film was expensive and you only got ten pictures to a 
       pack.  Until now it simply wasn't worth it.

          Unlike most boys his age, Thomas was careful how he spent his 
       money.  He didn't waste it on video games, candy, baseball cards 
       or any of the myriad things kids usually spent their money on.  
       A pack of film for his camera cost eight dollars and change, a 
       small fortune by his standards.  But if this worked it would be 
       worth every penny.

          Thomas hurried back to the front of the house on his way to 
       the garage where his bike was waiting.  Laura and Heather were 
       just finishing up the dishes and Randy was already gone, as were 
       their parents. 

          "What are you two going to do today?", he asked trying to act 
       casual.

          "None of your business!", Laura told him matter-of-factly.

          Laura put her hands on her hips and glared at him, trying to 
       look tough.  Thomas grinned.  He thought she was cute.  Unlike 
       Heather, Laura's hair was brown and hung down to her shoulders 
       in luxurious waves.  A spray of tiny freckles crossed the bridge 
       of her pert little nose from one cheekbone to the other.  Her 
       eyes were also blue like Heather's but the similarity ended 
       there, for hers were full of mischief.  She was a tomboy and 
       seemed to always be in trouble of some kind.  His grin 
       broadened.  She sure spent a lot of time locked in their parents 
       room getting her buns busted!  Sometimes twice a week. 

          "Can it, squirt," he growled good naturedly. 

          "C'mon Heather, we don't have to tell him anything," she 
       added skipping from the room, obviously happy with herself.  It 
       left him alone briefly with Heather. 

          "Be here at ten o'clock," he whispered. 

          "Why?", she asked.  Her face said she had a pretty good idea 
       why.

          "Because I said so," was his curt reply.  He patted her 
       bottom and turned to leave, pausing in the doorway long enough 
       to add, "And be alone."

          With that he left, Heather staring after him.
          .......................................................
           
           
        
           
          Thomas skidded his bike to a stop in front of the Pogo's 
       Quick Stop hoping it had the kind of film he needed.  They lived 
       in a rural area and stores were few and far between.  Doug's 
       house where Randy went to play was a quarter mile away and, at 
       about an eighth of a mile distant, only Steve and Mandy were 
       closer. 

          Pogo's was a mile from home and the next closest was just at 
       the city limits three miles further down the road.  If it wasn't 
       here it would be a long ride to the next store. 

          He went inside and allowed himself to enjoy the smell of the 
       place.  The little store had an ambiance all its own and was one 
       of the few places he really enjoyed.  Mr. and Mrs. Anderson, the 
       elderly couple who owned it, had been there all his life and 
       knew him well.  Mr. Anderson, who was working alone today, waved 
       as he came in. 

          "Haven't seen you in a while, Tom," he greeted cheerily.  
       "How've you been?"

          "Just fine Mr. Anderson," he answered.

          "Good, good.  What can I get you?  A soda pop to cool you 
       off?"

          "No sir, I need some film for my camera," he replied holding 
       it up.  "I forget what kind it takes," he added apologetically.

          "Oh?  Let me see now," he murmured softly, taking the camera 
       from him.  After a quick inspection he grinned. 

          "It takes Polaroid 600 film, Tom.  Nifty little camera.  Now 
       where is that at?  Never could sell much film here.  Should be 
       some here somewhere though," he muttered.  

          Tom smiled as the old man puttered around behind the counter.  
       He was always talking in undertones like that.  It was sometimes 
       difficult to tell whether he was talking to himself or to you.  
       Tom didn't mind.  It was one of the things that made him special 
       to everyone.

          "Aha!  Here it is," he said, triumphantly producing a twin 
       pack.

          "That'll be thirteen fifty with tax.  You get a discount because it’s
          a double pack."

          "Uh... I only need one pack, Mr. Anderson.  Besides, all I 
       have is ten dollars," he told him.  He shuffled his feet 
       nervously.

          "Hmm.  I see.  Well, I suppose I could break the pack," he 
       sighed reluctantly.  

         Thomas understood Anderson would be doing him a big favor by 
       doing so.  He couldn't sell half a Twin Pack and by letting him 
       have just one meant he was going to eat the other pack. 

          "Eight dollars, sixteen cents," he said ringing up the sale.

          "Hold on to the other one for me and I'll buy it for the 
       difference when I get my allowance," he offered.

          Anderson smiled at him.

          "That's a done deal," he chuckled stuffing the film into a 
       bag.

          "Thanks Mr. Anderson," he said as he took the bag and turned 
       to leave.

          "If you're taking sexy pictures of those sisters of yours 
       with that, save one for me!  I'll give you the next film free!" 

          Thomas stopped in his tracks and whirled around.  He stared 
       at the old man unaware he was turning pale.

          "Wh-what!?!" he stammered.

          "Now don't get mad, I'm only teasing," Anderson laughed.

          Thomas grinned weakly and hurriedly left the store.  His 
       knees felt weak and his heart was pounding, but a few minutes 
       later he was back in control and on his way home.

          When he arrived, he slid to a stop and jumped off his bike 
       allowing it to fall onto the lawn.  It was a quarter of ten and 
       he saw Heather peddling toward him from the opposite direction 
       and knew she'd been at Mandy's house. 

          He ran to his room and retrieved the mask which was now a 
       blindfold and then put the film in his camera, ejecting the 
       cardboard cover.  He hurried to the kitchen and hid the camera 
       beside the trash can next to the stove.  Seconds later he heard 
       the front door opening and he yelled, "Lock the door behind 
       you!"  Then he sat down in a kitchen chair and waited for her to 
       join him. 

          Heather appeared in the doorway and smiled nervously.  Thomas 
       saw she was wearing pink shorts with a matching top, and tennis 
       shoes.  Her long blonde hair was in a pony tail.  Thomas thought 
       she looked especially pretty.

          "Take your clothes off.  I want to see what you look like in 
       broad daylight," he said.

          Heather hesitated, clasping and unclasping her hands, 
       uncertainty etched on her pretty face. 

          "What if someone comes in?", she asked nervously.

          "Why do you think I told you to lock the door, dummy.  Now 
       take your clothes off," he repeated with some impatience.

          Heather took a deep breath, looked around, then slowly let it 
       out before hooking her thumbs in the elastic waistband of her 
       shorts and pulled them down.  Thomas saw she was wearing pink 
       panties as well.  She stepped out of her shorts and then took 
       off her blouse, her nervous smile back on her face.

          "Everything?", she asked.

          "Everything.  Even your shoes and socks." 

          "Oh god," she giggled then, and slipped out of her panty.  
       When she finished getting her shoes and socks off she set them 
       on the seat of a chair with her other things and stood facing 
       him.

          "Now what?" she asked.  There was a slight blush to her face 
       he liked.

          Thomas reached into his shirt pocket and produced the 
       converted mask.
          "Put this on," he said holding it out to her. 

          "What's this for?", she asked.

          "I don't want you watching me look at you," he lied glibly. 

          She took it and slipped it on.

          "Can you see anything?", he asked.

          "No."

          "Are you sure?"

          "Tommy you better not be trying to scare me or something," 
       she said suspiciously.

          "You just do as you're told and you'll be all right," he said 
       as he took her arm and led her into a swath of light coming in 
       one of the windows.

          "There, the light's better here.  Now, spread you legs.  
       Wider.  Wider!"

          Heather kept moving her feet further apart until he finally 
       said, "That's good.  Now spread your pussy."

          "What do you mean?", she asked.

          "Like this!", he snapped.  He spread her small labia even 
       though it wasn't necessary.  The little button of her sex was 
       already clearly visible.

          "Now hold it like this with both hands so I can look at it," 
       he told her gruffly.  She did as he told her.  Then he reached 
       behind the trash can and got his camera.

          "Like this?" she asked.

          "Yeah, like that," he replied flipping open the camera.  In 
       less than a second the little red light came on indicating the 
       flash was fully charged.  He knelt in front of her and peered 
       through the viewfinder making sure she was centered in the 
       picture.  It was a perfect shot. 

          "I like looking at you naked Heather.  You're really a 
       babe!", he grinned.

          Heather smiled broadly.  He knew she would.  At that same 
       instant he took her photograph.  The flash was followed by a 
       whirring noise as the camera ejected the picture. 

          "What was that?" she asked, startled.  She ripped the 
       blindfold off and saw him pulling the photo out.

          "What are you doing!!", she gasped trying unsuccessfully to 
       grab it from his hand.

          "Relax, sis.  It's our little secret.  Unless...."

          "Unless what?"  Heather's alarm was growing. 

          "Unless you force me to accidentally drop this somewhere dad is 
       sure to find it."

          Heather stared at her brother in disbelief.  Finally she 
       blurted, "You'll get in trouble too!"

          "Maybe, maybe not.  I'm going to write Doug's name on the 
       back and Dad'll probably think he took it, or that it at least 
       belongs to him.  But even if he does believe you, he'll also 
       think you posed willingly.  I made sure of that!", he smirked.

          Heather was near tears.  Her lower lip trembled.

          "Why?", she whispered.

          "Because I don't want you reneging on our deal," he replied 
       truthfully.

          "I already promised you!"

          "Yeah, but people break promises.  This is insurance.  You 
       may decide you don't like getting screwed by your own brother.  
       This way I know you'll never have a headache," he smiled.  He 
       looked at the developing photograph.  It was a good one all 
       right.  Very convincing.  He stuffed it into his shirt pocket, 
       then took the mask from her and put it in his pocket as well. 

          "You won't be needing this for a while," he grinned.  "Now 
       get back where you were and resume your pose!" 

          "What!?  You can't be serious!", she exclaimed.

          "Very serious," he said, patting his pocket.

          "But I don't want you taking any more pictures of me!", she 
       protested.

          "See what I mean about the insurance?  And sis, I don't want 
       to have to keep repeating myself," he added with a stern look.

          Heather backed to where she was in the swath of sunlight and 
       spread herself.  The fun was gone and her fear showed even to 
       Thomas's eye.  He looked through the camera, then lowered it.

          "No one is ever going to see these but me, Heather," he told 
       her in an attempt to put her fears to rest.

          "I don't believe you," she replied.  This time her eyes 
       filled and tears began to trickle down her cheeks.

          "Listen sis.  All this is for is so you'll keep your word.  
       Besides, I know we won't be able to always do this and I just 
       want to be able to look back and remember the special things we 
       shared.  After all, you ARE a very pretty girl.  There's no 
       reason why anyone else ever has to know.  Unless you renege," he 
       added quickly. 

          "Promise?"

          "Yeah, sure, I promise," he reassured her with as much 
       sincerity as he could muster.  It seemed to work.  A look of 
       real relief washed over her face and it brightened considerably.

          "Okay," she snuffled.

          "Go to the sink and wash your face now," he said as gently as 
       he could.  He wanted her to look fresh and willing.
          Minutes later she was again in the pose.  As she spread her 
       labia again Thomas winked at her and said, "This is just for 
       you, sis."

          He leaned forward and kissed her clitoris and was rewarded 
       with a pleased gasp, followed by several more as his licked her 
       pubic mound.  He knew girls were supposed to enjoy that and was 
       pleased that for once the schoolyard gossip was right.  It was a 
       first for him as well. 

          "I like that Tommy!", Heather gasped delightedly as he licked 
       her mound thoroughly.

          Thomas smelled her girl-scent and found it pleasant.  He also 
       smelled a more pungent aroma and recognized it from the night 
       before when she was wet.  Heather's hands were no longer able to 
       hold her slippery labia apart and she quit trying.  Instead she 
       put her hands on Thomas's head to steady herself.  On an impulse 
       he slid a finger into her vagina while he licked her.  He heard 
       another loud gasp and felt her tremble.  She was already very 
       wet.

          He stopped licking and looked at her and began pumping his 
       finger up and down.

          "Oh Tommy!  Be careful!" she moaned.

          Thomas grinned.  Her legs were wide apart and she stood there 
       while he finger-fucked her.  After half-a-minute he stopped and 
       put the camera to his eyes again.

          "Give me a big smile!", he said.

          Heather rolled her eyes at him and smiled.  The camera 
       flashed and the second photo whirred out of the camera.

          "Great shot sis!  Very sexy!"

          Heather blushed.  The last thing she expected from him were 
       compliments. 

          Thomas was already thinking of his next shot.  It would not 
       be easy to achieve, but he was sure Heather could do it.  She 
       was quite good at gymnastics and had tremendous balance.

          "Wait a sec," he said, and pulled a chair into the light.  He 
       then had her lean sideways standing on one leg and, putting one 
       hand on the seat of the chair for support, and pulled her other 
       leg up in the air into a standing splits. 

          Thomas's breath caught in his throat as he looked at her.  
       She was beautiful.  Her most private anatomy was exposed and 
       open to him and he was almost in awe of her.  Her pubic mound 
       glistened wetly from his licking and moisture also glistened 
       from her vaginal opening. 

          "Stay there," he said hoarsely.  He put his face between her 
       legs and resumed tonguing her clit.  Her rapid breathing told 
       him she was still enjoying it which was good.  He wanted her to 
       stay hot until he was through taking photos.  Shortly he stopped 
       tonguing her and stood up.  He held her raised leg so she 
       wouldn't lose her balance and said, "Hang on sis, I'm gonna 
       finger-fuck you some more." 

          She giggled shakily and then moaned as this time he inserted 
       two fingers into her pussy and began pumping them rapidly in and 
       out.  There was a distinctly wet, sloppy sound coming from her 
       pussy as he did so.  Heather's moaning and whimpering got louder 
       as he kept doing it faster and faster.

          "Oh... Tommy!  Oh!... Ummm!  Oh, Oh!  Ungh!!  Tommy, Tommy!", 
       she gasped over and over.

          Thomas stopped and knelt again.  A broad grin split his face.  
       Moisture was streaming from her pussy!  He backed off and 
       brought the camera up making sure that her face was also in the 
       picture along with her dripping cunt.

          "Okay, big smile Heather!"

          She obliged and he snapped the photo.  Number three.

          Thomas considered taking another of her in this position but 
       decided against it.  He wanted as many different shots as 
       possible.  But he was enamored of the way she looked spread out 
       like that and he had a great idea for the next two.

          "Come over here," he said quickly moving over to the light 
       blue kitchen cabinets. 

          "What do you want me to do now?"  Heather's chest was heaving 
       slightly and she was flushed from head to toe.  Her eyes were 
       bright and alive.  Thomas noticed her little nipples were hard 
       and very erect.

          "I want you to stand on your head against these cabinets," he 
       replied.

          "That's easy," Heather said.  An instant later she was on her 
       head, balancing herself on forearms and elbows. 

          "Like this?"

          "Yeah, only do the splits."

          "Oh, Tommy," she said in mock exasperation.  But her pleased 
       smile said she was really getting into it, and Thomas thought he 
       knew why.  He ran a finger over her clit and tickled it.  The 
       soft, shuddering, breath that escaped her said it all.  She was 
       as horny as anyone could get!  He started to finger-fuck her 
       some more, then had an idea.

          "Wait right there!", he said excitedly and jumped up.  He 
       went to the refrigerator, opened the crisper, and pulled out 
       several large carrots with the leafy ends still attached.  
       Glancing slyly at Heather he decided the biggest one would do 
       nicely.  He bit off the pointed end until it was about ten 
       inches long.  The big end was two and a half inches thick, 
       tapering down to a half inch at the other.  He nibbled that end 
       until it was rounded and returned to Heather, kneeling in front 
       of her. 

          "What are you going to do?", she asked, looking curiously at 
       the large, thick carrot.

          "I want you to hold it," he said, handing it to her.  Then he 
       put his mouth over her pubic mound and gently sucked and licked 
       her.  At the same time he reinserted his fingers into her pussy 
       and pumped them up and down.  When Heather's whimpering and 
       sharp breaths were becoming urgent, he stopped.

          "Now hold the carrot like this," he told her, putting it on 
       her stomach with the tip resting on her clit.  Then he pressed 
       her legs down as wide as they would go.  It always amazed him 
       just how wide she could do the splits.  Upside down the effect 
       was eye-popping.

          "That's great," he breathed.  His hands shook slightly and he 
       had to wait a few seconds.  When he was ready he said, "God 
       you're making me horny!"

          Heather giggled happily and was rewarded with the familiar 
       flash and whir.  As soon as the photo was taken Thomas told her 
       to stay as she was. 

          "Only six more to go, sis.  I just hope I don't bust a nut 
       before then," he said as he dipped his fingers into her vagina.
       He took the carrot from her with the other hand and started 
       rubbing her clit with it.

          "Oh!  That's cold!", she squealed.

          "Tough cookies," he laughed and playfully thumped her clit 
       with it.

          "Ow!  Stop it!" she laughed back. 

          "Tough, tough, tough, tough, tough, tough!" he chanted, 
       happily punctuating each word by thumping her clit with the 
       carrot.  Heather squealed but made no attempt to close her legs 
       or get down.  All the while his fingers were plunging rapidly up 
       and down in her pussy. 

          "Tommy, I feel... funny... inside!" she moaned softly.

          Thomas's fingers were soaking wet with her pussy juice.  He 
       removed them.  He didn't want her to cum, not yet.  Her face 
       showed the urgency she was feeling.

          "It's okay Heather.  I'll take care of it in a little while.  
       Just hold this position for me," he told her gently.  He took 
       the carrot and carefully inserted it into her pussy.

          Heather  stiffened and inhaled sharply.  Her eyes widened as 
      she gasped,  "That's cold!  That's cold!"

          "I'll warm it up for you," he giggled and shoved it in deep. 

          "Tommy!!  Please don't!" she cried out.

          "Relax.  It'll be over in a second."

          Thomas watched six inches disappear into her wet opening.  He 
       forced another inch into her even as she cried out.

          "It hurts!  That's too far!" she hollered.  But Thomas 
       noticed she made no attempt to close her legs.  Her face however 
       had turned red and he stopped. 

          "Hold it just like that!" he said excitedly and backed away.  
       It was an incredible sight.  A pretty little ten year old girl 
       standing on her head, doing the splits with the top three inches 
       of a thick, ten inch long carrot protruding straight up out of 
       her tight pussy!  The bushy green leaf of the carrot top gave 
       the shot the perfect touch, adding emphasis by making it look 
       even bigger than it was. 

          "Give me a big smile," he said and was mildly surprised when 
       she complied.  In fact it seemed particularly bright.

          "That's five," he said as the camera flashed.  Then he moved 
       close and kissed her pubic mound before removing the carrot.

          "You can get down now," he told her giving her mound a little 
       pat.  He led her into the center of the room.

          "Face away from me, spread your legs wide, bend over and put 
       your hands on the floor."

          When she was in position had a great shot of her ass, pussy, 
       and little tits.  The moisture seeping from her pussy was still 
       very obvious so he didn't finger her this time.

          "Like this?" Heather asked already smiling.

          "Yeah, that's great," he replied and took the picture.  Then 
       he gathered up the camera and carrot and got to his feet. 

          "Now come with me.  I want some in another room," he said and 
       walked from the kitchen.

          Heather followed. 

          "I need to go pee," she said as they started down the hall.

          "Not now.  Later," he replied curtly. 

          Thomas walked down the hall past the bathroom and their own 
       bedrooms to the door of their parents room and opened it.

          "Here?  We aren't allowed to go in there when they aren't 
       home," Heather said apprehensively.  "We could get in trouble."

          "Like what we're doing is all right as long as we don't do it 
       in there?", he asked dryly. 

          Heather reddened slightly.  It was a silly thing to say.  But 
       she was still apprehensive about it.  The room was large and 
       beautifully furnished.  A delicate French couch, twice as wide 
       as a regular chair, with pastel flowers on white silk was in one 
       corner and several comfortable chairs were situated around the 
       room as well.  It was these that her father usually made her 
       bend over when he'd spank her.  But it was the huge canopy bed 
       that dominated the room. 

          "Perfect," Thomas murmured.  Like Heather, he associated this 
       room with pain and discipline.  It was only three weeks ago that 
       his mother had made him drop his pants and shorts and take a 
       hard paddling.  He'd been grateful she remained behind him.  She 
       hadn't seen his erection.

          Thomas knew his mother got pregnant with him when she was 
       only twelve.  Fortunately they lived in a state where girls her 
       age could legally marry with parental consent.  She'd married 
       his father and given birth to him when she was thirteen.  Three 
       more pregnancies later she'd decided enough was enough and had a 
       tubal after Laura was born.  She was blonde, lithesome in her 
       mid twenties, very pretty, and didn't look like she'd had four 
       kids. 

          "I've had my butt smacked a few times in here," he said in a 
       tone akin to reverence. 

          "Yeah, me too.  Daddy's turned my bottom red in here lots of 
       times," Heather acknowledged.

          "How does he do it?", Thomas asked, daring to sit on the 
       ‘forbidden’ love seat. 

          "Tommy!  That's personal," she said, blushing.

          Heather was standing in front of him so her reached between 
       her legs and fondled her.

          "Does he do that?" he asked, rubbing her clit with his 
       fingertips. 

          "No!" she giggled.

          "Or this?"  He slid them into her pussy and finger-fucked 
       her.

          "No!", she gasped.  She was beginning to get sore inside. 

          "Then it isn't as personal as what we do, is it.  So tell 
       me," he insisted.

          "Well," she began, her blush deepening, "it just depends.  
       Sometimes he makes me bend over one of those chairs.  That's 
       when he usually uses a belt.  Sometimes he makes me bend over 
       his lap, or just bend over in front of him.  He uses his hand 
       when that happens.  Once or twice he made me lay on the bed on 
       my tummy.  That time he used a paddle.  It hurt like fire, too!"

          "Does he always make you pull your panties down?", he asked.

          "Uh-huh.  But he makes Laura get naked," she added.

          "How do you know that?"

          "She told me," she said, rolling her eyes at him.  "Besides, 
       I've seen her after her spankings and sometimes...."

          Heather's voice trailed off.

          "Sometimes what?", Thomas prodded.

          Heather looked at her brother.  She seemed to be wrestling 
       with something.  Finally she said, "Promise you won't tell I 
       told you?"

          Thomas studied her before answering.

          "I promise," he told her after a moment.

          "Daddy spanks us until our bottoms are really red, you know?" 

          Thomas nodded.  He'd briefly seen Heather's bottom once 
       several months ago after a session with the paddle.  Her cheeks 
       glowed like a matched pair of ripe tomatoes. 

          "Well, sometimes Laura comes out of there with more than her 
       butt red!" she finished hurriedly.

          Thomas looked puzzled.

          "You know," Heather said, exasperated he didn't comprehend, 
       "You've been licking mine all morning!"

          "Oh."  Thomas reddened.  Then her full meaning sank in.
          "No shit?!  He spanks her pussy!?!", he blurted.

          Heather nodded. 

          "He says it's because she's been very bad.  At least that's 
       what Laura says." 

          Thomas thought about all this for a moment, then shrugged, 
       filing this interesting bit of information away for future 
       reference.  Right now he had better things to do than wonder why 
       dad like spanking Laura's girl-parts. 

          "Speaking of red bottoms, that's the way I want yours to be 
       for these next shots," he grinned at her.

          "What!?"  Heather looked both surprised and afraid.  
       Spankings and this room tended to have that affect on all of 
       them. 

          "Don't worry sis, I'm not going to give you a real ass 
       beating, I'm just going to give you a few smacks to turn your 
       butt a nice rosy color!"

          "Why?" she whined pitifully.  Thomas noticed she was already 
       rubbing her bottom as though she could feel the strap.  He 
       thought she was about to cry.

          "Here, just bend over and put your hands on the seat," he 
       said getting off the love seat.  She did as she was told, though 
       Thomas saw her lower lip was trembling.  How familiar this must 
       seem to her!

          "Now spread your legs and raise your butt," he said kneeling 
       behind her.  He forced her legs even wider and put his face  
       between them.  As soon as he began nuzzling her pubic mound she 
       relaxed and arched her back allowing him easy access to it.  He 
       sucked and licked her mound for a few moments, then pulled back 
       and quickly slapped each creamy cheek sharply once.  Then he 
       buried his face between her legs again.  He repeated this adding 
       a few more slaps each time until he was sure she trusted him.

          "Is this as bad as you thought?" he asked, pausing to deliver 
       several firm slaps to each cheek.  Thomas was delighted to see 
       his hand prints clearly defined in red on her buttocks.

          "If daddy spanked me like this, I'd be in here every day!" 
       she giggled, wiggling her bottom at him.

          Thomas laughed.  He reached around her and retrieved the 
       carrot he'd laid on the seat and began spanking her with it, 
       being extra careful not to break it.  Then, without warning, he 
       inserted it into her pussy.  She gasped as he began rhythmically 
       fucking her with it, being careful not to allow more than five 
       inches to enter her.  At the same time he spanked her with his 
       other hand.

          Thomas was concentrating on spanking her, not trying to hurt, 
       but smacking her butt firmly.  Her creamy, white, bottom was 
       turning very red and he could feel the heat from it.  He was 
       startled when he realized she was undulating, fucking the carrot 
       with great vigor.  He laughed loudly. 

          "Wiggle your ass, Heather!  Fuck that donkey dick!" he 
       teased, thrusting it deeper.  At the same time he really spanked 
       her ass hard.  Heather yelped but made no protest.  Thomas's 
       already stiff prick got even harder as he watched her ride the 
       huge carrot.  It was getting almost too slippery to hold as her 
       pussy juices flowed over it.  With a sudden flash of insight he 
       understood why their father spent so much time punishing his two 
       sisters.  It was great fun! 

          Thomas found himself giggling like a schoolboy.  Heather 
       seemed oblivious to the fact that she was receiving a thorough 
       spanking.  No cries of pain filled the room although he was 
       slapping her ass as hard as any given her by their father.  All 
       she seemed concerned about was fucking her pussy with the 
       large vegetable.

          "Ooohhh... Tommy.... I feel... funny!  Do it... faster!", she 
       urged in a broken, plaintive voice.  The urgency sounded nearly 
       desperate and Thomas knew, instinctively, she was very near 
       having an orgasm.  He wasn't ready for that yet.  He intended to 
       have his own cock buried in her tight cunt when she had her very 
       first climax.  He wanted her to associate intense pleasure with 
       him and his cock (and the things he made her do).  He abruptly 
       withdrew the carrot and heard her groan in misery.  He'd been so 
       intent on spanking her that he hadn't noticed just how much 
       moisture there was.  It covered her pubic mound and inner thighs 
       where it seeped down from her vaginal opening. 

          "Tommy... don't stop yet!" she groaned.

          "Take it easy, sis.  I'm gonna fuck you 'til you pee in just 
       a few minutes.  I'll get your rocks off for you, don't worry," 
       he giggled.

          "Right now I want you to wiggle your red ass over to the bed 
       and squat on this 'Love Stick'."

          When she was on the bed he had her put her feet close 
       together and squat with her knees swung out to her sides.  He 
       placed the heart-shaped pillows against each leg so that anyone 
       who knew anything about this room would know exactly where the 
       photograph was taken.

          "Keep your legs as far apart as you can," he told her, 
       sliding the carrot beneath her.  When he'd inserted it inside 
       her pussy, he had her lower herself onto it, which she now did 
       readily enough.

          Heather's face showed a mixture of embarrassment, shame, 
       pleasure, and excitement as she spread herself open to his 
       camera and squatted on the carrot.  She couldn't keep from 
       moaning softly as it slipped deep inside her once again.  She 
       looked at his crotch hungrily, desperate to have his cock 
       thrusting inside her to relieve the miserable, consuming, need 
       that made her feel so miserable.  She knew now what being really 
       horny was all about.  She smiled as prettily as she knew how and 
       was grateful when the camera flashed. 

          "Quick, get on your hands and knees!" he told her.  She did 
       and he pointed at the wall behind her.

          "Face the other direction," he commanded.

          When she was facing the wall he said, "Listen Heather, do 
       exactly as I say no matter what.  Raise your bottom high and get 
       on your elbows.  Stay that way!"

          Thomas grinned as she raised her cute ass for him.  He put a 
       hand in the small of her back to hold her still and pressed the 
       narrow end of the slippery carrot into her anus.  Heather jumped 
       and looked quickly around when it began penetrating. 

          "What are you doing?!" she yelped.

          "Stay still if you know what's good for you," he warned.  
       Then he shoved the carrot into her upturned ass.

          "Ow!  Stop it!  That hurts!" she squealed.

          "I said keep still.  You're going to take this up your ass 
       and then I'm gonna take a picture of it," he said forcing it 
       deeper.

          "No!  It hurts! It hurts!"

          "I can do anything I want!", he said giving her a sharp smack 
       on one of her creamy cheeks.

          "Oh Tommy, please don't do that!  I don't like it!" she 
       pleaded.

          "Then you're gonna like this even less," he grunted and began 
       ass-fucking her with it. 

          Heather cried out as he plunged the carrot into her upturned 
       ass in hard, even strokes.  Thomas watched transfixed as 
       Heather's tight, pink, anus was forced to accept the unwanted 
       thing invading her nether region.  He delighted as it spread her 
       creamy cheeks apart and stretched her anus wide as he pushed it 
       deeper. 

          "It hurts!  Ow! Ow! Ow!  Pleeeaase Tommy!  It huuurts!" she 
       wailed.

          Thomas kept a hand firmly planted in the small of her back 
       and continued to ass-fuck her with the vegetable dildo.  At 
       first all he intended to do was just put it in her ass and take 
       a quick picture, but that changed.  He found himself thoroughly 
       enjoying this act of decadence.  Defiling her in this manner 
       gave him a sense of supremacy and power.  Because, for all her 
       crying and protesting, she kept her butt raised for him and did 
       not pull away.  Still, he did not get carried away and try to 
       force it in too far.  The last thing he wanted was to injure her 
       such a manner that required medical attention.  If that happened 
       Heather would be forced to explain her injury as well as 
       anything else a medical examination might turn up.  Like the 
       loss of her virginity, for example! 

          Nevertheless, he could still give her a good butt-fucking as 
       long as he exercised caution, and he considered removing the 
       carrot and shoving his own swollen manhood up her tight ass.  He 
       rejected the notion reluctantly only because he wanted to make 
       her have the orgasm that eluded her so far.  So he settled down 
       and enjoyed himself.

          "Does it hurt?  Huh?  I'll bet you really like it in the ass, 
       don't you?!" he said softly, watching her face as well as her 
       bottom.

          "Please don't Tommy!  You can spank me or anything you want!  
       Please take it out of my butt," she whined.  Her face showed the 
       strain she was under.

          "Now I'm going to push it deep," he told her.  "You better 
       make sure it doesn't come out before I take the picture!"

          Heather choked off a scream as he shoved the carrot deep into 
       her ass.  Thomas stepped back and looked through the view 
       finder.  The scene made him giggle as Heather's creamy buttocks 
       were now splotched with red hand-prints from her spanking.  It 
       seem to draw attention to the thick, orange carrot sticking out 
       of her asshole, the leafy green part looking like a horse's tail 
       flying in the wind!  The angle clearly showed Heather's strained 
       face as she looked around at him.  Thomas was so intent on the 
       sight he didn't even tell her to smile. 

          As soon as he snapped the picture the dildo started sliding 
       out, it's tapered shape making it impossible to stay in for more 
       than a few seconds at a time.  But that was okay for now.

          "All right, get up and come over here," he told her, moving 
       to the French couch.  As an afterthought he added, smirking, 
       "And bring your carrot with you."

          Heather retrieved the carrot where it had dropped from her 
       anus onto the bed and went over to where he stood.  He took the 
       carrot from her and made her straddle the seat facing the walls 
       behind the couch.  She was again forced to do the splits, as 
       with her legs wide apart, her ankles barely reached each arm.  
       She held on to the back of the seat and looked around at her 
       brother.  She blushed again as she saw him looking transfixed at 
       her most private anatomy.  He knelt behind her and touched her 
       throbbing clit.  She almost swooned.

          Moisture oozed from her wet vagina and she felt his hot 
       breath between her legs as he kissed her pubic mound.  She 
       wanted him to fuck her, needed his thick cock in her pussy to 
       relieve the ache deep inside her.  Instead she felt her ass 
       being spread by the carrot again.

          "Oh Tommy!" she groaned miserably as he began butt-fucking 
       her with it.

          "Shut up Heather," he whispered hoarsely.  "I want one more 
       picture with this sticking out of your pretty butt.  Besides, 
       one day soon this is going to be my cock in your ass.  You might 
       as well get used to it!"

          Thomas took little notice of Heather's lamentations.  He 
       pounded the carrot into her ass taking wicked delight in her 
       submissiveness to him.  Her cries gave him an intensely erotic 
       sense of power over her.  After a full minute of reaming 
       Heather's tight little ass, Thomas stopped fucking her with it 
       and shoved it deep.  He hurriedly snapped the picture, not 
       because he wanted to ease Heather's discomfort, but because he 
       was so horny he couldn't wait any longer. 

          "Now you're gonna get what you've been asking for!", he 
       grunted.

          Thomas unceremoniously jerked the carrot from Heather's ass 
       tossing it on the seat beneath her, then undid his britches, 
       pulling them and his underwear down.  His erection jumped out 
       and stood at attention, straining, it's bulbous head turned deep 
       purple. 

          Heather gasped as he positioned himself between her wide-
       spread legs and inserted it into her vagina.  Then she cried out 
       as he savagely pounded his aching manhood into her in hard 
       thrusts.

          Thomas groaned as Heather's hot wetness surrounded his thick 
       erection.  It felt so good!  He drove his cock hard, feeling it 
       bottoming out inside her.  She cried out with a mixture of pain 
       and pleasure as he ravaged her.  Then, without warning, her eyes 
       flew wide open and she arched her back steeply.  An ecstatic 
       wail sprang from her throat as an orgasm shook her.  Her vagina 
       contracted, squeezing Thomas' cock.
        
           He grinned.  "Go for it sis!  I told you I'd get your rocks off!" he 
       grunted with self-satisfaction.  He continued to fuck her hard 
       and fast until his own climax neared, then he suddenly slowed 
       down, groaning loudly.  Seconds later his cock erupted, spewing 
       huge globs of semen into Heather's hot vagina. 

          Thomas held on to Heather's waist, groaning, and slowly 
       pumped his erection in and out of her tight pussy, his head 
       reeling as he climaxed.  He took wicked delight in filling his 
       sister's hot cunt with his cum.  It was just as thrilling today 
       as it was last night. 

          "Here's your reward for being such a good piece of ass, 
       Heather!," he chortled.  "Do you like it?"

          Heather didn't answer but he saw her eyes were still wide.  
       She turned her head in his direction slightly and he saw the 
       submission in her face.  There was also a look of both shame and 
       excitement he found very appealing as she meekly accepted his 
       seed.  As always, Thomas spewing cock disgorged an incredible 
       amount of ejaculate.  If a teaspoon of ejaculate was normal for 
       a grown man, then Thomas was a freak.  He commonly ejaculated 
       seven to eight times that much.  This meant that his climaxes 
       always lasted longer than normal, and were very messy.  Having a 
       receptacle for these copious deposits was a welcome change from 
       a wash cloth or tissue. 

          He'd heard the whispered "I" word in school before about 
       another student and understood what he and Heather were doing 
       was called incest.  As long as they weren't caught he didn't 
       care.  Heather wasn't going to tell anyone, she was too ashamed.  
       She would let him do her whenever he wanted.  After today he 
       knew there was nothing she wouldn't let him do.

          When his throbbing cock stopped gushing he pulled it out and 
       wiped the head on Heather's upturned ass, rubbing it against her 
       pink anus.  Then he pulled his britches up and gazed at her 
       nakedness for a moment, wondering how to position her for the 
       last photograph.

          "Tommy, I still have to pee really bad," she complained 
       tentatively.  "Can I go now?"

          Thomas grinned.  He knew now what the last picture was going 
       to be!

          "Sure, come with me!", he told her gleefully.  He grabbed her 
       by the wrist as she climbed down and led her through the house, 
       past the bathroom, into the kitchen and out the back door. 

          "What are you doing!?" she protested anxiously.  "I can't go 
       outside naked!  What if someone sees me?!"

          "Then you'll be in big trouble, won't you," he grunted half-
       dragging her out the door.  Thomas looked around the yard, a 
       frown tugging at the corners of his mouth.  Where was the best 
       place?  He wanted this one to be the best of all.  After a 
       moment his eyes lit up.  Sixty feet from them stood a huge live 
       oak tree.  In the shade beneath its magnificent limbs was 
       nestled a round, wrought-iron, patio table surrounded by four 
       matching wrought-iron chairs.

          "Over here," he said propelling her out into the yard and 
       over to the tree.  Heather reluctantly went with him, suddenly 
       acutely aware of her nakedness.  Her gaze traveled in all 
       directions as she fearfully expected to see their parents, or 
       Laura, or Danny, one of their friends or someone suddenly pop 
       into view and discover them.  Thomas took three of the heavy 
       chairs and set them in a triangle, two of them several feet 
       apart.  Then he made her climb onto the chairs, a knee on each 
       of the two furthest apart, and her hands on the third one in 
       front of her facing away from him. This had the same effect as 
       when her last position in their parents bedroom.  Heather's pink 
       vaginal opening was completely exposed, and Thomas giggled when 
       her saw the moisture glistening on her inner thighs and seeping 
       onto her pubic mound.  He'd had really given her a good fucking! 

          "That's good," he said positioning himself behind her and 
       peering through the camera.  It was going to be a great shot. 

          "Now pee," he giggled.

          "What?  I can't do it like this, Tommy!", she whined.  "I 
       want to go to the bathroom!"

          "You're going to stay right there until you pee even if it 
       takes all day.  And the longer you wait, the more likely someone 
       is going to catch you!"

          "Please Tommy, let me go to the bathroom.  I just can't do it 
       out here."

          Thomas giggled.  White semen was dribbling from her vagina 
       onto her pubic mound.  He reached out and rubbed it onto her 
       clit.

          "That's my cum Heather.  Do you want some more out here?"

          "No!"

          "Then you better piss right now 'cause I'm getting horny 
       again looking at you all spread out like that!"

          Heather looked at her brother miserably.  He was really 
       enjoying this!  She knew she had no choice and she really did 
       have to pee bad.  Her face flaming crimson, first a trickle, 
       then a small current of urine streamed from her pussy.  She 
       heard the click and whir as Thomas photographed her small act of 
       self debasement.

          "Awesome Sis!" he laughed.

          She looked around and saw him watching with genuine amusement 
       etched on his finely chiseled features.  Only when the last drop 
       was completely gone did he seem to lose interest.

          "Okay, you can go back inside and get dressed now," he told 
       her while giving her buttocks a gentle squeeze.

          Heather quickly jumped off the chairs and hurried toward the 
       house.  She was glad it was over.  Yet she couldn't explain a 
       kind of sadness as well.  Then she realized what was bothering 
       her.  It had been fun.  She'd had an orgasm.  She'd actually 
       enjoyed being naked in front of him!  And, what's more, she'd 
       enjoyed it when he did all those other things to her as well.  
       As she went into the kitchen and retrieved her clothes and 
       dressed, she wondered if he was going to make her do more, then 
       realized that was a foregone conclusion.  Of course he was.  And 
       she would go along willingly with whatever he had in mind.  She 
       knew, secretly, that this would have been true even without 
       those pictures he'd taken.  But for now she was glad it was 
       over.  She was sore and tired and was glad nothing bad, like 
       getting caught, had happened.  The rest of the day would be a 
       breeze, she thought.

          Heather was wrong.  She finished dressing and headed out the 
       front door and back on her way to Mandy's house.  She'd 
       forgotten the carrot still on the couch where Thomas had fucked 
       her. 
                          ..................................................... 


















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....