Her eyes are downcast and very softly she says, "please".  The
light is dim and it is hard to see her face.  You stand close to
her and tilt her face up to you, memorizing her features.  You
walk to the reclining chair and sit down.  "Come, stand before
me" you command.  She obeys silently and her knees touch the
edge of the chair between your legs.  "Take off your dress" you
order. Reaching down to the hem, she slowly pulls the dress up
and over her head and drops it to the floor leaving her naked
before you except for her collar.  Her pussy hair damp because
she knows what is in store for her, and she is ready.  You reach
your hand out and test her wetness.  "Good girl" you say as you
feel your hand become wet with her juices.

"Kneel before me and take my cock out" you order.  She nods and
her hands undo your pants and release your stiff, throbbing
cock. "Worship it and don't stop until I tell you" you command,
pulling her mouth towards you.  "Do you want it?  Tell me what
you want!" Her eyes meet yours and she whispers softly, "yes,
Master.  I wish to take your cock into my mouth."  "Then do it,
now!" you command.

You watch as her mouth moves towards you, her tongue darts out
and wets her lips, her mouth opens and as you feel her descend
on your cock you close your eyes and moan.,  Her mouth is so hot
and wet. She takes all of you deep inside her, sliding slowly
down the shaft, and as she comes up she sucks hard pulling on
your engorged cock.  Her tongue swirls over the head and slides
into the slit looking for drops of pre-cum.  It feels like she
is deep inside your cock and your hands grasp her head, holding
her there to keep her from stopping.  When you finally release
her head she begins to move rhythmically up and down and you
find your hips rising to meet her strokes.  "Faster!" you
demand.,  Her hand slides under your ass, a finger gently probes
your asshole and you groan as it finds its way deep inside you.
You can feel the pressure building up in your balls and you know
you can't hold back the torrent of cum. "Now...do it now!" you
command and her strokes quicken, her mouth pulling harder on
your cock.  You feel your body tense and you poise on the brink
for what seems an eternity and then suddenly you plunge into a
shattering orgasm.  Your cum begins to shoot and you feel her
tongue slide into the slit forcing you to cum slowly prolonging
the ecstasy.  You are crying out her name as you fill her
waiting mouth with your hot cum and you watch as she swallows
it...savoring all that you give her.  Your heart is pounding in
your chest and you try and force your muscles to relax.  Her
lips are kissing your cock which is still hard and you watch as
she nibbles at you, catching the last few drops of cum on the
tip of her tongue.

"Enough!" you say.  "Come, sit on my lap".  Smiling, she climbs
into your lap and snuggles herself in, her face in your neck and
her arms around you holding tight.  You pull her close, your
left hand clasping her nipple and your right hand stroking her
ass. Gently at first, then harder you begin to squeeze her
nipple making her squirm in your lap.  The first time she cries
out in pain you smack her ass smartly causing her to gasp and
cry out in surprise.  You pull her close to you, your hand never
leaving her ass and her body is tense because she knows that you
will be disciplining her. You begin to spank her...sometimes
once, sometimes several hits. Some soft, some hard.  Her moans
become more regular and at times she pulls away from you only to
return again.  Each time you pause from your spanking to rub her
ass gently you whisper, "good girl" in her ear and her heart is
glad that she pleases you.  Suddenly, without warning, you begin
your punishment in earnest.  Your hand strikes her ass harder
and harder without stopping.  She clutches you, her head thrown
back crying out your name begging you to stop...but you don't.
Your hand feels hot and it burns so you know her ass is burning
too.  As quickly as you started, you stop suddenly.  "All done"
you say.  "No more, no more."  And with that her body collapses
against you and she bursts into tears.  You hold her tight
against you, rocking her, soothing her.  "I love you," you
whisper in her ear.  "You are a good slave and Master is very
pleased with you."


You hold her in your arms for a while, waiting for her sobbing
to cease and for the tremors that rack her body to stop.  When
she is calmer you tilt her face to yours and kiss her mouth.
"Go to the bed and lie down" you tell her and you watch as she
obeys.  You walk to the bed and look down at her.  "You are
lovely, but there is one thing that will heighten your beauty.
Will you let me do as I desire?" you ask.  She does not speak,
merely nods her head and closes her eyes.

You go into the bathroom and when you return to her side you are
holding a razor and a small bowl of warm soapy water.  "Look at
me" you command.  Her eyes meet yours and you can see that what
you are about to do excites her.  "Lift your hips for me" you
tell her. She spreads her legs and raises her hips exposing her
pussy to you and you stand there for just a moment gazing at
her.  You place a towel under her ass and watch as she slowly
lowers herself onto it. You place your hands on the inside of
her thighs and stroke the silkiness, then push her legs open
wide and down onto the bed. "Don't move" you whisper huskily.
You scoop some water with your hand and slowly trickle it over
her waiting pussy.  As the warm water touches her you see her
shiver and her hands clutch at the sheets.  Rubbing the hair
slowly you build a soft lather and with your thumb massage her
now swollen clit.  You begin to shave her starting at the top
and working your way down her lips.  It isn't long before she
lies totally naked before you.  You take the towel and dry her
pussy off.  You admire her for a moment and then taking some oil
in the palms of your hands you begin to rub her down. Starting
with her freshly shaven pussy you work your way down her legs
and then starting at her belly you work your way up rubbing and
massaging until her whole body glistens.

"You have been a good girl.  You have pleased me greatly and now
I wish to please you." you tell her.  Kneeling between her legs
you begin to lick and suck her pussy, reveling in the softness
of it. You suck and bite her clit making her moan and thrust her
hips up to you.  When you push your tongue deep inside her she
cries out and her fingers grab at your hair.  "You are
delicious!" you tell her.  On and on your tongue goes, pressing
hard sometimes, barely touching sometimes.  Her juices soak your
face and she is moaning, "Please, Please!"

[Part 2]

"Tell me what you want...you must tell me!" you urge her.  "Oh,
please Master...please!" she begs.  "Make me cum!"

Smiling, you renew your assault on her pussy.  Your tongue
touches her everywhere and you lift her hips so you can reach
her asshole. As you push your tongue inside her she groans and
her hips begin to dance in your hands, the start of her
orgasm...thrusting your tongue in and out you feel her muscles
grabbing at it, trying to stop you from pulling out of her.
Then you make a final sweep up her pussy, taking her clit and
sucking it deep into your mouth. Unable to hold back any longer
her body shudders, her back arches and she is gripped by a
powerful orgasm.  It racks her body and she cries your name over
and over. Softly, so softly you begin to gently nibble on her,
allowing her to regain her composure.  When her body is finally
still you come up over her, covering her body with yours.  "Kiss
me" you command. "I want you to taste yourself on me."  She
turns her face up and parts her lips and you kiss her
deeply...your tongue probing deep into her mouth letting her
taste her juices.

"Do you like what you taste?" you ask.  She puts her arms around
you tightly.  "Yes, Master, oh yes!" she whispers.


You continue kissing her until she has taken all her juices from
your lips and tongue.  Your cock is rock hard and so you ease
yourself inside her, the path made easy by her wetness.  "OH!"
she exclaims and her eyes open wide as she feels you fill her
hot pussy.  She wraps her legs around you pulling you deeper and
her hips lift to meet your strokes.  "Do you like my cock inside
you?" you ask her.   Unable to speak, caught up in the ecstasy
you are giving her, she can only nod her head.

You watch her face for a moment and then pull yourself out of
her despite her protests and stand next to the bed, your cock
gleaming with her juices.  "You just came, don't be greedy." you
tell her coldly.  "Come, kneel before me with your ass in the
air so I can touch you."  She crawls to the edge of the bed and
turns, positioning herself so that her ass is in the air and her
breasts rest on the bed.  Your hands roam her ass and your
fingers slide in and out of her pussy and her asshole making her
squirm and moan softly.  "If you are so anxious to have a cock
inside you I want you to use this on yourself" you tell her as
you pull a cock-shaped vibrator out of the bedside table drawer.
"NO!" she says, "don't make me do that! Please!"

You frown darkly at her refusal.  "It is not your place to
refuse anything I demand of you.  Perhaps I am too lenient with
you.  A reminder as to who is Master and who is Slave seems in
order!"  You see her muscles tense because she knows she has
displeased you and your belly fills with warmth.  Out of the
same drawer you take the leather whip that she made for you
months before.  Your hands run over her ass once again.  "Don't
move!" you command her.

You bring your arm up and then without warning bring the whip
down and strike her hard across her ass.  She gasps and flattens
her body onto the bed.  "I told you not to move!" you say
angrily. "Bring your ass back up where I want it."  She whimpers
softly but you watch as her ass rises once again, opening and
exposes itself to you.  Your hand strokes her, sliding
underneath to feel her clit.  "If you move again I will have to
tie you down" you tell her.  When you are ready you begin a
slow, rhythmic pattern...bringing the whip down again and again,
alternating her cheeks and sometimes in the middle.  You watch
with satisfaction as her skin goes from white to pink and then
to crimson red.  She is moaning loudly and her hands clutch at
the sheets but she does as she is told and her ass remains high
in the air.  Her thighs are wet with her juices and you can
smell the heat from her pussy.

You have lost count of the number of strokes you have given her
but the colour of her ass tells you that she has had enough.
She is trembling violently and this pleases you.  "Perhaps this
will teach you to disobey me" you whisper softly.  You pull the
chair to the edge of the bed and sit before her.  "Now, once
again, take the vibrator and do yourself for me!"

Her hand trembles as she reaches for the vibrator but she does
as you command.  You watch as she rubs it over her swollen pussy
lips and hard clit.  She is so wet that is disappears inside her
pussy easily.  In and out she strokes it, slowly, the hum of the
vibrator the only sound in the room except for your own harsh
breathing. You take your cock in your hand and begin to stroke
it as you watch her.  It is hard and the tip glistens with your
pre-cum.  You squeeze drop after drop out and taste yourself.
You ache to cum, but you have other ideas as to where you want
to shoot and so you slow your pace down.

You lean forward and take the vibrator from her.  It is slick
with her pussy juices and you suck on it, tasting her.  "Don't
move" you whisper and you place it against her asshole.  "Oh
God!" she cries out.  "Please don't hurt me!"

"I know it will hurt, but you will let me.  You will give me
your pain, won't you?" you ask gently.  She hesitates for just a
moment and then in aes, "yes".

You know how tight her asshole is so you place lubricant on the
vibrator so you will not injure her.  Then slowly, very slowly,
you begin to fill her ass with it...stretching her, preparing
her for what is to follow.  She cries out in pain, and you wait
for a moment...allowing her to adjust...and then continue on
until the vibrator is all the way in.  You turn it on and begin
to work it in and out of her, slowly at first, building up the
pace until she is bucking against it, pushing back onto
it...seeking it willingly and her cries of ecstasy fill the air.
"Oh, please make me cum, please!" she begs you, but instead of
finishing her you stop.  "NO! NO!" she cries out as she feels
the emptiness.  She begins to rise off the bed but you push her
shoulders down and command her not to move.  You take your
engorged cock in your hand rub it over her, wetting it with her
pussy juices, and then place it against her partially relaxed
asshole.  Slowly and steadily you begin to push yourself into
her.  She cries out against the pain, your cock stretching her
to her limits and filling her.  Groaning, you thrust yourself
deep inside her, feeling your balls slap against her sopping
pussy.  Unable to contain yourself any longer you begin to pump
yourself into her faster and faster, her cries spurring you on.
Climbing on the bed behind her you lean over her and begin to
finger her throbbing clit and as she begins to cum her asshole
tightens around your cock and she pushes against you trying to
take every inch deep inside her.  Her muscles begin to milk you
and unable to hold back you begin to spill your hot cum deep
inside her while the waves of both your orgasms wash over you.

[Part 3]

When the last drop of your cum has been spent and the last
tremors rack your body, you push her down onto the bed and with
your cock buried deep inside her still, you whisper softly,
"sleep now, sleep and rest with me."


As your consciousness returns you realize that she still lies
under you sleeping peacefully.  You begin to kiss the back of
her neck and she stirs.  "Wake up sleepy head" you whisper in
her ear as you lift yourself from her.  She turns over and
smiles at you and as the memory of what transpired returns to
her she blushes and exclaims, "Oh!"

You laugh and holding her close you cover her face with kisses.
"I love you" you proclaim, and she murmurs into your neck, "and
I love you"

"Let's take a shower and clean up" you decide and you pull her
to her feet.  She pads quietly into the bathroom after you and
waits patiently while you adjust the water.  Taking her by the
hand you pull her under the warm stream and kiss her deeply.
You tilt your head back letting the water flow over you and she
takes the soap and begins to rub it over you in a circular
motion starting with your chest, moving to your belly and then
around to your back.  She works the bar into a lather and takes
your cock in both hands and begins to stroke it tenderly,,
bringing it to life once again.  Her hands roam your body
freely, cupping your balls and playing your asshole.  You take
the soap from her and begin your own exploration of her body,
pulling on her nipples and rubbing her clit.  As you let the
water rinse the soap off she takes your cock and presses it
against her belly.  "Please" she says and you release your hot
stream of urine watching as she guides it, letting it run over
breasts, nipples and belly.  You shut the water off, wrap her in
a towel and carry her back to the bed.  She lies quietly
watching while you towel dry, her eyes always coming back to
your stiff cock.  "Like what you see?" you ask.  She smiles and
nods. Reaching into the drawer once again you take out the ropes
you keep there.  "It is time" you say.

You remove the towel and center her on the bed.  "On your back
first" you tell her.  You tie her hands securely to the
headboard and then her ankles so she is spread wide for you.
Reaching into the drawer you take out a candle and then position
yourself between her legs.  Her breathing quickens as she sees
what you are about to begin.  "You will be a good girl for me,
won't you?" you ask. "Yes, Master" she whispers so softly you
barely hear her.  You light the candle and let it burn in your
hands for a moment, then slowly you bring it over her left
breast.  Her muscles tense and then you turn the candle over
letting a drop of the hot wax fall onto her nipple.  She cries
out and her back arches as you begin to leave a trail...across
her chest to her right nipple, down her belly and then finally
spreading her pussy lips with your free hand you let one drop
fall directly onto her clit.  She is straining against the ropes
and crying out, begging to you stop but you continue your
journey down the inside of her soft thighs and when you are done
you lavish more on her swollen nipples.   You allow her to swim
in the pain for a moment as you blow the candle out. Slowly,
very slowly you slide the candle into her pussy wetting it with
her juices and then slide it inside her ass.  Leaving it there
you cover her body with yours and begin to fuck her slowly,
thrusting deep inside her.  She pulls against the ropes, her
body both trying to get away from you...and yet closer to you.
You bite her nipples making her cry out and then when you can
hold back no longer you begin to assault her pussy with your
cock so hard and fast that she begins to cum.  Her pussy muscles
squeeze your cock as you thrust deep inside her.  "Cum for me,
cum for me now!" you demand.  She cries out your name as her
body is racked by a shattering orgasm and you begin to slow your
rhythm bringing her down gently.  Slower and slower until she
finally lies still under you, her breathing slow and gentle, her
eyes closed, bathed in ecstasy.

You sit up and pull yourself out of her bringing a small cry of
protest from her lips.  Smiling, you slide the candle out of her
ass and toss it to the side.  You sit there for a moment looking
at her...then bringing your body up over her you position
yourself over her face and begin to rub your swollen cock over
her lips. "Lick it clean" you command and you gasp as her tongue
flicks out and runs over the head.  "Take it in your mouth, take
all of it" and leaning forward you slide yourself deep into her
waiting mouth. She sucks and licks her juices from you while you
watch.  Groaning, you feel yourself reaching for your orgasm.
"Where do you want it?" you whisper huskily.  "Tell me where you
want it!"

"Please, Master, cum on my face and breasts" she begs.  Pulling
back you begin to stroke yourself, your hand rubbing faster and
faster.  You cry out as the cum begins to shoot and you watch as
it splashes over her lips and tongue and then you bring it down
to finish spilling over her breasts and nipples.

When you squeeze the last drop from your head, you sit there for
a moment basking in the feeling, seeing your cum running over
her and you begin to rub it into her skin and then licking at
it, tasting yourself mingled with her skin.  You lick her face
and bring some cum to her mouth and kissing her deeply you both
share your taste on your tongues.

You untie her and pull the covers up over the both of you as she
snuggles her body against you.  You hold her,  smelling the
mixture of her perfume, her pussy, your cum and you are
overwhelmed with love for her.

"I love you...you are mine forever," you whisper in her ear.
"Forever and a week."
