Archive-name: 3plus/heaven2.txt
Archive-author: MJM
Archive-title: Heaven on Earth


 I really don't know how it all started and after what I'm going to tell you,
 you to will see that now I don't really care either.

 I was working late in my office one evening and the cleaning people were now
 scurrying around cleaning. I had noticed that the one girl that was cleaning
 and dusting in my private office kept looking at me like she had known me. To
 tell you the truth she did look a little familiar and I really didn't mind the
 attention that I was getting.  When ever she would bend over she would make
 sure that she was facing me and draw my attention to her very nice breasts
 which were hanging very free and braless. I have never been a breast man
 myself but I have always been partial to very sexy spanish women. Well
 needless to say the cleaning people had finished and left.

 It was probably about 11:30pm when I had heard the door to the front office
 open and shut. I walked out to see the young spanish girl with one of the
 other young girls that she works with. They had said that they had forgotten
 to do something in the washroom and came back to finish. I went back to work
 and after a while I had heard all kinds of giggling coming from the back room.
 So I went back to see what was going on, and when I got there I saw the second
 girls shirt had been soaking wet and she was taking her work shirt off
 revealing a white T-shirt totally soaked with a perfect view of her very erect
 nipples. At that point the girl that looked familiar to me was using her hand
 like a squeegee trying to get all the water off. When I came into the room
 they had both gotten really embarrassed and I said I will get you a towel.
 When I came back and handed the girls the towel the one that was wet took off
 her T-shirt revealing her full breasts with two of the nicest erect nipples I
 had ever seen.

 My cock immediately started to swell in my pants and really was noticeable.
 The girl that was wet had noticed it right away and said "My name is Angela do
 you like my breasts"? I had to say something so I said "yes they are very
 beautiful". At that moment the other girl had gotten a look on her face that
 was like she was going to kill someone and said that her breasts were nicer
 and took off her shirt. Angela then put the question to me that I knew was
 going to come " Who's do you like better mine or Maria's"? I couldn't believe
 that I have to beautiful spanish girls that can't be more than 25 years old
 standing in front of me half naked wondering which one has the nicest tits. I
 said to myself this only happens in the movies.

 I answered their question the best way I knew how by saying that they are both
 so beautiful I couldn't decide. Well at that moment Maria walked over to me
 and knelt down right in front of me and started to fondle my rock hard cock
 thru my pants and said "Than maybe we could see who is a better lover". She
 started to unzip my zipper and was surprised to see that I don't wear any
 underwear as my cock had sprung out of the now open slit in my pants. She had
 immediately started to run her tongue around the head of my cock teasing me
 each time her tongue touched me. I started to get weak in my knees and had to
 sit down so I could totally enjoy this wonderful experience. In the mean time
 Angela had taken the rest of her clothes off and was sitting to the side of us
 with her legs spread nice and wide rubbing her clit. I was in HEAVEN! Angela
 was so close and so hot that I could see her juices starting to flow from her
 pussy and smell the sweat aroma of sex start to fill the room.

 Maria stopped sucking my cock and stood up to take the rest of her clothes off
 as well, since everybody else was naked I thought that this would be a good
 time to undress to. The minute I took off my pants Angela started to pick up
 were Maria left off, sucking my cock like I never had it sucked before. Now
 all three of us slipped on to the floor and I lay on my back watching two
 wonderful mouths both try to devour my cock at the same time.  Every so often
 as there strokes up and down my shaft would pass I could see Maria slip her
 tongue a little further out to touch Angela's. Finally the heat was to much
 and Maria climbed atop my cock and fitted it into her love nest. Angela and I
 watched as her pussy swallowed all seven inches of me. After all that oral
 attention my cock was ready for some hard riding and I could feel the way her
 pussy felt rapped around my cock that it was going to get it. I looked up to
 see Maria and Angela joined at the mouth kissing each other as passionately as
 possible and pinching each others nipples.

 Angela moved around to position her now soaked pussy right on top of my mouth.
 I couldn't wait to bury my tongue into her pussy and when I finally did I
 thought to my self I don't ever want to leave, as the excitement increased I
 could fell myself loosing control and my thrusts now becoming faster and
 harder. I could hear Maria groan each time my cock drove up inside her to that
 special place that gave her so much pleasure she was near to reaching an
 orgasm and both Angela and I knew it. Next thing I feel Angela's pussy pulling
 away from my face as she bends over to suck on Maria's clit while my cock rams
 her pussy. I don't exactly know what she was doing but every now and then I
 could feel her mouth suck on the side of my shaft when I was in between
 strokes and it sent electricity thru my body like you wouldn't believe which
 made me drive up inside Maria that much deeper until she started to scream in
 ecstasy. As she was cumming and cumming I didn't think she would let it end
 until she collapsed on both of us.

 I did everything I could not to cum. I knew if I did, I would need a few
 minutes to regain my momentum and it wouldn't cut the ice with Angela. When
 Maria came back to life she immediately went right for Angela's pussy and
 started sucking it like it had a life force to keep her alive. I started to
 massage those beautiful tits pinching and tweaking her nipples until they were
 bright red. I then moved down and started to run my tongue around them the
 same way she ran her tongue on my cock. I could see that with both of our
 mouths working on her body she was totally ours to do what ever we wanted to.
 I couldn't help stopping and looking at her expressions every now and then
 because of the way her body moved and enjoyed the attention it was getting.
 She also loved the little interruption because it was like I was teasing her
 which just made it that much better when I would go back to sucking and biting
 her nipples. I think that Maria and I had the same idea in our heads to try
 and keep Angela from cumming as long as we could.  Little did we know that she
 was so into all of this she started to cum just as I was thinking this
 immediately Maria grabbed my rock hard cock that was about to burst from
 watching all of this and guided it into Angela's pussy. The minute that Angela
 felt the presence of my cock in her pussy her whole body went into spasms of
 ecstasy grinding her pussy into me so as to get as much of my cock as she
 could. I couldn't hold back from cumming anymore and Maria new it and moved
 around and started to lick my asshole just as I started to shut my cum deep
 inside Angela's pussy. I swear that she could feel the stream of cum gush out
 of my cock because it was here signal to let go and cum with me. Both our
 bodies lay motionless savoring one of the most pleasurable orgasms we have
 ever had.

 After all this Maria the girl that looked so familiar to me said "I have
 wanted to make love to you since I first saw you in Mexico three years ago".
 It turns out that when I was on vacation in Cancun she was selling jewelry on
 the beach and I had bought some. She since has moved to Chicago and is working
 for her Uncle who owns the cleaning service.

 The old saying is true, Never burn your bridges behind you.

--
