Archive-name: Affairs/helensto.txt
Archive-author: Heironymus
Archive-title: Two Helen Stories


Putting Helen in Her Place

Written in 1992 by Heironymus 
For Free Distribution to all Humankind 

     Helen sighed. "I bet you'd like that huh?"
     "Yeah." She was so damn cute, curled up on the sheets, her
long legs drawn up. I found myself staring at her virgin ass.
Helen and I cheated with each other. She would call, every six
months or so, and we'd meet, talk about old times, and fuck. Or
not fuck, as her whim dictated. Sometimes, she just wanted to
sleep with me.
     She snuggled back against me. "I'm pretty drunk."
     "I know." I said, caressing her small, firm breasts with both
hands. I pinched both nipples, hard, causing them to tighten into
little pink knots. She moaned. Helen always loved having her
nipples mauled.
      We'd been close once. I'd even thought at one point we might
marry, but she'd called it off.
     "Does Mary Anne let you put it in her fat little but? Hmmm?"
     I snorted. The answer was yes, but I didn't want to tell her
that. The truth was, I had to let Mary Anne's ass heal a little
bit. She'd always submit if I asked , I knew, but I wanted her to
enjoy it. Her asshole was a precious natural resource. Not to be
abused.
     Too much.
     I ran my hands over her body, stroking her long, hard thighs,
massaging her hips and buttocks gently. "Just let me. You remember
your old roommate, Lacy, what she said about it?"
     "She said she liked it." Helen murmured. "She said it felt
really good."
     "Yeah." I whispered, spitting in my hand, and gently slicking
her cunt and asshole. Helen had put on some weight, and her small
firm tits were now slightly larger than I remembered. She was
still beautiful. Six feet tall, short blonde hair framing an
aristocratic face with high cheekbones and clear blue eyes. She'd
begun to remind me a little of Tasha Yar on the new star trek
series.
     My cock was enormous, straining, oozing precum steadily.
She'd already come once as I'd rolled her over and fucked her from
behind. As much as she said she disliked that position, she never
failed to come like crazy when I made her do it.
     I began to rub the head up and down her crack, from her cunt,
over her asshole, and back again. She rolled over fully onto her
stomach. I moved my weight on top of her, and used one foot to
spread her legs a little wider.
     "Hey."
     I slid it into her cunt, and worked it in and out a couple of
times. She was sopping wet. "Ummmmmm." She sighed. I was rubbing
the fluid up onto her asshole with each stroke. Her entire crack
was slick, soaking wet.
     I began to press it against her ass with a firm steady
pressure.
     "Jake..." She whined.
     The head slipped in suddenly, and she gasped.
     "Ahhhhhhhhh." I began to move it in her asshole, slowly,
introducing a little more cock with each tiny stroke.
     "Jake, stop it." Helen whispered. But she didn't struggle.
Instead, she began to move ever so slightly, to minimize the
penetration. Her face was turned to one side, and as I bent down
to nibble her earlobe, I noticed she was smiling.
     "No." She moaned softly, still smiling.
     I jerked it out of her, enjoying her little gasp at my sudden
absence, and began to lubricate my shaft with saliva.
     Helen wiggled her ass slightly. "Don't you dare put it back,"
she whispered.
     I kneaded and caressed her ass slowly, with both hands. "Too
late for that."
     I slid one finger in her cunt, as I pressed my thumb against
her tight little asshole, and began to rub gently.
     Helen gasped as my thumb punched through.
     "Ohhhh."
     I thought briefly about the joke comparing women and six
packs. What the hell."
     "Gonna fuck your ass honey."
     "Uh huh." She whispered.
     "Hard." I moved up on her, slicking my cock with spit.
     I pulled out my thumb, and straddled her, spreading her
cheeks roughly, grabbing her ass like a man halving an orange.
     Helen looked over her shoulder, pouting.
     "Oh, go ahead. You want it so much? Do it."
     I butted my slick cockhead against the opening, drizzling the
little oozes of precum liberally over her anus. Pivoting back my
hips, I was able to thrust forward, slowly, without letting go of
her ass.
     Her pucker held for a few seconds, before relaxing, as I
kneaded her cheeks open.  The head slid home, as Helen's breathing
caught.
     "Ohh."
     Hot, very hot, tight, and slippery.
     Another inch. Little snorts of breath from Helen's flared
nostrils.
     Even tighter.
    I began to go deeper. Tight, pleasure, like pushing my cock
into a huge clenched fist.
    She began to struggle, grimacing slightly. I pinned her down
with both arms, as I stabbed deeper and deeper.
     "Jaaaaake," she whined.
     "Shut up, bitch. You love it."
     She looked back over her shoulder again, shock and outrage
registering in her face. I pushed myself in deeper, watching the
outrage dissolve, as her eyes lidded and her mouth slipped open.
"Ohhh."
     She lay back down, spreading her legs slightly wider.
     "Just do it."
     In and out. In and out. Faster and faster. Deeper. Tighter.
    Glistening. My cock, longer, harder, harder, darker, almost
purple in the dim light.
     "Ohhhhhhhhhhh...." Helen's body stiffened. She was cumming!
I'd had no idea she was enjoying it so much!
     Without disengaging myself, I rose up on wobbly legs, pulling
Helen's ass with me.
     "What are you doing," she managed, "don't stop now,
fucker..."
     I folded her long body neatly in two, my dick almost slipping
free from her ass, but not quite. Now her rounded buttocks were
resting on her ankles, her hands writhing in the knotted sheets,
her face embedded in pillow. It was a position I'd found with Mary
Anne. It allowed the deepest possible anal penetration.
    On my knees behind her, I began to bang away in earnest.
    "THERE," thrust, "YOU," thrust, "GO!"
     THRUST!
    Helen's cry almost made me blow it, but I held onto my load by
the barest of margins, as orgasm after orgasm racked her frame,
her tight little ass muscle massaging my cock, her breath cumming
all the while in little chaotic gasps, like the crying of small
child.
     "One more thing." I moaned, rolling her over.  I pushed my
glistening cock in her face. I'd always wanted to do this. What
the hell. She probably wouldn't ever call me again, but who cared?
     She looked up at me, disgusted. "I'm not going to suck that,
its been--
     So close. I stroked it once, twice, and grabbed a handful of
her short blonde hair. Helen always swallowed it all. Always. I'd
never seen a drop of my cum on her.
     The pleasure surged , as Helen glanced up at me in confusion.
She had no idea what I was doing! My sack felt so filled with jism
I thought it might burst.
     Staring down at Helen, with a ring of thumb and forefinger, I
took myself over the edge.
     The orgasm hit me like a shockwave, but I kept my eyes open.
I saw the first monstrous jet of come strike her in the left eye,
and she jerked her head back violently. I held her head firmly in
place though, and the second jet squirted up her nose. She
flinched again, and opened her mouth.
     The third jet splattered against her lips, and then she was
grabbing my cock, and guiding it towards her mouth out of force of
habit, milking the shaft quickly with one hand, as she sucked at
the rest of the load.
    But I kept cumming. And cumming. She swallowed once, twice,
three times.
     "Ohhhhhhhhh," I shouted, loudly, "Nice!"
     After she had caught her breath, she began to laugh. "Oh,
my..."
     She blew a thick wad of come from her nose.
     I grinned down at her. "Sorry if I was a little rough," I
started to apologize. "I don't know--"
     "Shhh." She sat up, still laughing, wiping jism from her
face. "That's okay." She kissed me lightly, and I could taste my
come in her mouth. She looked me in the eye. "I liked it."
     "You liked it?"
     She looked embarrassed. "Yeah, I don't know..."
     "You like me telling you what to do? Making you take it up
the ass?"
     She nodded uneasily.
     "Making you do it."
     "It felt good." she shrugged. "Sometimes, I like being told
what to do. That's all."
     I stretched, falling back on the bed, as Helen began to rub
the kinks from my legs. Kneeling on a bed, pumping away like mad
for twenty minutes can really take it out of you.
     Still. Life was sweet.
     
_____________________________________________
 Harrowing Helen

Written in 1993 by Heironymus 
For Free Distribution to all Humankind

     "On your knees, girl."
     The room was lit by candlight.
     Hellen swallowed, but kneeled quickly. She had on a black
lace bra, and panties, and a lot of makeup. Her lips were blood
red, and she'd used black eye liner and violet eye shadow. Her
short blonde hair was carefully done, perfect. A red silk scarf
around her neck dangled between her small, perfect breasts. I'd
told her to make herself up as slutty as she could, and she'd done
her damndest.
     Things were looking good.
     I unzipped my fly, and pulled out my cock.
     "Lick it."
     I made no movement toward her. After a moment, she shuffled
forward on her knees, until my cock was bobbing in front of her
face. I grabbed it and rubbed the clear ejaculate on her cheeks.
She looked up at me, astonished. She seemed to only half believe
she was doing this.
     She took it in her hand, and began to suck.
     "I didn't say suck it." I pushed her head away. "I said, lick
it."
     She nodded, and began to lick, her tongue extended, her eyes
closed. After she had licked for awhile I told her to stop.
     "I want you to bend over that sofa, and touch yourself."
     "Jake, I don't know if this is such a--"
     "Do what I tell you." I slapped her in the face with my cock,
leaving a dab of fluid glistening on her cheek.
     She nodded quickly, and got up, leaning over the sofa. Her
legs were long, nicely muscled, ever so slghtly thick in the
thighs. She reached down, and timidly began stroking between her
legs.
     I slapped her buttocks twice, hard, pinking them.
     "Jerk off. I know you can do it."
     "Oh." She spread her legs a little wider, and worked her
fingers around the string panties. I could see that she was wet,
very wet. Her pussy dripped as she began to knead it.
     "Could you put it in?" she pleaded after a few minutes. "I
want it."
     "You're not getting it there."
     She began to rub herself faster.
     "Noooo" She said, "Please don't fuck me there."
     "Shut up. Your going to get up your ass, and your going to
like it.
     I jerked at her panties savagely. The fabric stretched, and
bit deeply into the pale flesh at her hips, but finally parted.
leaving wed welts, one on each side. A shiver ran through her
body, and she spread her long legs even farther apart.
     I pressed the tip of cock against her asshole, as Hellen
began to finger fuck herself, hard, with two fingers. There was
resistance. The harder I pressed, the tighter her asshole got. I
pulled back, and spit in my hand, working one finger into the
opening.
     She gasped.
     "Your going to get a lot more than this, honey." I said
savagely. "A fuck of alot more." I thrust the finger back and
forth, in time with her own finger fucking.
     "Don't" She whispered, bending over farther and spreading her
cheeks with both hands. "Filthy animal." She looked over her
shoulder at me, and bit her lower lip. "Put it in."
     I pressed my cock against her anus again, and again there was
resistance. "Fuck!" I grabbed her hips, and pressed forward,
pulling her onto my cock with all my strength.
     It slid into her ass slowly but inexorably, to the hilt.
     Hellen cried out, a long, high-pitched wail, her body jerking
spastically, and she tried to stand up. "You bastard! I hate you.
Always hated you!"
I shoved her back down with both hands, and held her there
against the sofa. She had a safeword. I almost wished she'd use
it. Some part of me was afraid of rupturing something.
     But she didn't, she just snarled and cursed, calling me
names, railing against men, cocks, dicks for brains. It was kind
of fun, actually, listening to it all. It began to blur into
incoherence as I pumped it in, faster, harder, deeper.
     She began to whimper as I rode her mercilously, for a long,
long time, pulling it all the way free, raming it home, each time
causing a tiny gasp to escape her lips. I lubricated it as need be
with the thick, greasy saliva that seems to always congeal in my
mouth when I fuck women up the ass.
      Finally, I ripped it free and waited, watching her asshole
quiver.
     "Please." She whispered.
     "Please what?" I licked my hand, greasing the shaft.
     "Put it back in." I could barely hear her. "I need it."
     I slid it home again. She came, over and over again, and I
could feel her ass spasming as she did, clamping down on my cock.
Finally I pulled it out, her rectum a quivering pink wound. She
collapsed, breathing heavily, to the floor. She moaned softly.
     "Now," I said. "Down your fucking throat."
     She rose up on her knees and looked up at me, imploringly.
She sucked the head of my cock.
     I grabbed her head, and began to force it down her throat.
     She gagged. I kept pushing it deeper.
     Looking down, I noticed that she was still fingering herself.
Tears streamed down both cheecks. I could see the bluge of my dick
in her throat.
     I slipped it back and forth several time, feeling her gag
each time, and finally pulled it out. She gasped for breath for
several seconds, saliva thick with mucos dripping down her chin.
     I slapped her face with my cock, now rockhard. "Suck it."
     She sucked it slow and lusciously, spit dripping down the
shaft, gradually soaking my pubic hair. I reached down and caught
one of her hard, pink nipples between thumb and forefinger,
pulling her small breast into a perfect cone. Hellen quivered,
moaning around my cock.
     "Look at me."
     She looked up, my dick in her mouth.
     I reached down and finished the job, as she flicked the tip
of the head with her tongue. The come splattered against her face,
and she opened wide, and caught a huge wad of it on her tongue. It
disappeared into her mouth, and I heard her swallow.
     "Eat it." I whispered.
     She began to clean her face with her fingers, sucking the
jism from them one by one.
     "Good."
     She looked up at me, satisfaction glimmering in her eyes.
     "Thank you, master."
     I liked the sound of that.
     "You're welcome. Slave."
     Helen giggled and shook her head, as if denying that she was
playing this game. I found an uneaten drop of jism on her
forehead, picked it up on my forefinger.
    She licked it off.
________________________________________________
