Archive-name: Affairs/helen.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Helen


 My pussy still tingled. I ran my fingers over the hair and gently touched
inside the lips. They felt swollen and a bit tender. I pushed my finger inside.
The inside felt open, still trying to adjust to it original size.
   ..
 It had started a week ago. Norman and I had gone to Al and Christy's home for
Christy's birthday. I had a couple of drinks and started talking to Al, feeling
kind of relaxed for the first time in many weeks.
 Al is a nice guy and does not deserve the bitch he has for a wife. Always
flirting with other men. The music was down low and Al was talking about his
work as a car salesman, telling me all the little bits of gossip that are
normal at any place of work. I noticed that Norman and Christy had been gone
for a while. I started to get a bit suspicious and excused myself, telling Al
that I was going to the ladies room.
 Instead, I walked to the kitchen and found Norman kissing Christy. I started
to get angry, but did not wish to make a scene. I asked Norman to stop it and
walked back to the living room, seething inside.
 Christy is not one of my favorite persons. She is always flirting with other
men. I had seen her several times parading around the house in her panties and
bra when the gardener was around.
 Somehow, she had always behaved with Norman.
 Al looked at me when I walked back to the living room.
 "Is Christy flirting with Norman?" he asked, "I was wondering when she would
get around to him."
 It is just the drinks" I said, hoping to avoid a fight.
 "Don't try to fool me. I know what kind of person she is. She enjoys walking
around half naked and showing all to any man. She is an exhibitionist. Do you
know that she will only make love to me when she is being watched?"
 "Are you kidding?"
 "No, I am not. And by the way, they are not back. Want to go and look for
them?"
 We walked back to the kitchen but found it empty. Al took my hand and signaled
me to be silent. Slowly we walked up the stairs. The door to the bathroom was
ajar. I pushed it and saw Christy and Norman inside, Christy holding Norman's
cock while he pissed.
 "I think you two should go" said Al.
 ..
 Norman and I had spent the week barely speaking. He had not even tried to fuck
me during this time. I was glad of this.
 Our love life during the time we had been married had been a one sided affair.
Norman was a lousy lover, a bum fuck.
 Our lovemaking usually consisted of him jumping on me without any
preliminaries, sticking his cock in me and cuming in a minute or two, leaving
me unsatisfied.
 It had become a ritual for me to go to the bathroom and masturbate to an
orgasm after these sessions.
 Today, I was still in bed when the phone rang. It was Al.
 "Listen, we have to have a talk. Why don't you come up to the showroom at
lunchtime and we will go have lunch somewhere?"
 I quickly made up my mind and agreed to meet him at a small place near his
place of work.
 Al is a handsome man, in an ordinary kind of way. 5' 9", about 180 pounds,
dark haired, with a few silver hairs at the sides. He drinks a bit more than he
should, but seems to be able to handle it.
 Al ordered a couple of drinks.
 "I have been watching you the last week and you are letting this become too
important. What difference does it make if Christy makes a pass at your
husband. It happens everywhere. I am used to it. Why do you think I have a few
drinks too many once in a while?"
 "You do not understand. This is a problem that has been growing for along
while. As a matter of fact, ever since our wedding night."
 "Look," said Al, "you know I am your friend. If you want to talk about it, you
know you can trust me to keep my mouth shut."
 The drinks arrived then, giving me a bit of time to make up my mind.
 ..
 "I was a virgin when we got married. Norman and I had been going together for
about two years, but I am a bit old fashioned and wanted to wait. Norman kept
trying to get me to go all the way, but I was able to fend him off, even though
we came very close. We would neck in the back seat of his car at the drive in.
I used to get back to the house with my panties dripping from these necking
sessions.
 Finally he asked me to marry him. He figured it was the only way he could fuck
me. We had planned to go to the Bahamas for our honeymoon and had just left the
reception to change before going to the airport. The reception agreement
included a room for us, but we did not have too much time left. No sooner had
we closed the door that Norman grabbed me, threw me on the bed.
 "You cannot say no anymore, we are married."
 I tried to slow him down a bit, but he was too strong for me. He pushed my
dress up over my head , ripped my panties off and, without even trying to see
if I was ready, pushed his cock into me in one lunge. It hurt so much that I
passed out. When I recovered, I felt his cum dripping out of me. He had fucked
me even though I was unconcious."
 "What an asshole. But you cannot blame him too much. He was half crazy with
need. There is just so much a guy can take."
 "Yes, I can see that. But it got no better during the honeymoon. He would jump
on me, get his rocks off and go to sleep. Do you know that I have not had an
orgasm with him in six years? I have to do myself once in a while."
 "He deserves anything you do. Have you ever thought of finding yourself a man
that will be a better lover?"
 I looked at him.
 "That sounds like a proposition, Al. Maybe if you get a couple more of these
drinks in me I might just take you up on it."
 "That might not be a bad idea. You get even with Norman and I get even with
Christy. You are a beautiful woman, Helen. It is a shame that you are not
satisfied."
 "Let us have another drink. This one is all gone."
 "Take it easy on those, they are big."
 I was feeling the drinks by then.
 "Just get me another one and tell me if you are big."
 "I am not too big. Just average. But there is a guy back at the showroom that
is hung like a horse. His name is Bob. He is our accountant. Looks like an
ordinary kind of guy but is not ordinary there." Al smiled.
 "Maybe I should take both of you on."
 "If you do, I have to be first. After Bob is through, I would not be able to
feel you. Probably take a week for you to return to normal."
 "OK. Why don't we skip lunch and invite Bob to join us?"
 Al's looked surprised.
 "Are you serious. I thought you were kidding."
 "When I make up my mind, I go through with it. Either you come with me or I am
finding someone else."
 "No, I will do it. Wait here for a minute while I call Bob"
  ..
 Bob did look like an ordinary kind of guy. About 35, thin, starting to get
prematurely bald. But the looks were deceiving. Bob kept himself in good shape,
playing handball at a nearby gym twice a week. He had arrived about ten minutes
after Al had called him.
 "Is this the lady in need?" He asked, looking me in the eye.
 "Are you the guy who is going to solve my problem?" I countered. "You do not
look at all like the answer to a maiden's prayer."
 "If you can take it, I can deliver."
 "Hey, remember I am first," said Al, "I heard what you did to Maggie. Nobody
has been able to satisfy her since." "Are you guys going to stand around
talking about it or are we going to do it?"
 "My house is nearby and there is nobody there. Why don't we go there. Beats a
motel" said Bob.
 ..
 I was nervous. The trip to Bob's had taken but five minutes, but that was
enough to let me think about what I was about to do.
 "Look, you guys, let me think about this."
 Both Al and Bob looked disappointed.
 "You are not going to backout, are you?"
 I took a deep breath. "No, I am not, just point me to the bedroom and give me
a couple of minutes."
 The bedroom was huge. The largest bed I have ever seen was in the middle. A
bathroom opened to one side, while the stereo and a small bar took up the other.
 "Do you like it?" said Al behind me.
 "I do, but I thought you were going to let me get confortable first."
 "I prefer to do that myself."
 Al's hands reached for me. One closed around one breast, while the other went
around my waist. Gently, Al started to knead one breast, while the other hand
found the zipper at the back of my dress and drew it down. I felt Al's mouth on
mine, his tongue insinuating itself into mine, touching mine. My dress dropped
around my ankles. My bra followed it.
 Al's mouth moved down my neck to my shoulders and then to one nipple, sucking
on it. I felt myself carried to the bed and deposited on it. His hands pushed
down my panties, removing them. I closed my eyes, just feeling his mouth trace
a fiery path over my body. First one nipple, then the other, up to my
shoulders, my neck.
 His finger were not idle. They went lower, touching my belly, lower to the
place between my legs, touching, feeling. I felt his fingers rubbing at the
small bud at the top of my vagina, then move lower, inside, spreading the
wetness. My breath was coming faster.
 "Fuck me, don't make me wait. I have to come."
 "There is no rush, it is better to wait."
 I felt his lips go lower, kissing my belly. Then his tongue stabbing into me,
licking, flickering at my clit. His lips nipping at it. I could feel a small
stream of slippery moisture run down my pussy and down into the crack below.
 My hips were undulating, trying to capture that plateau that had evaded me for
so long.
 "FUCK ME YOU SONOFABITCH!"
 I felt him lift his head from my pussy, moving higher. He settled between my
legs. I could feel his cock rubbing against me, the thick undervein moving
along my pussy. My hips were bucking wildly, trying to capture his cock.
 "Slow down, It is not going to go away."
 I felt his hand hold his cock,moving the head up and down, moistening it, then
he notched the head at the hole and pushed slowly, the head getting in, then an
inch more, then two. I could not wait any longer and arched my back, catching
it when he was coming down. I felt the whole length ram into me, the hairs at
the base mingling with mine, the balls slapping against my ass.
 His hands gripped my buttocks, holding me for a moment, then lowering me back
to the bed. I could feel the ridges along his cock, the head pressing against
my womb. He started to move out, slowly until only the head remained inside,
then reversing and not stopping until his balls slapped against my ass again. I
could feel my orgasm lingering just out of reach. He was now pistoning in and
out faster and faster. My hips were girating wildly, trying for the climax that
I had never had to a man's cock.
 Al was not to blame that I did not come with him. He tried as much as he could
to get me over that last hump. Suddenly he stiffened and I felt his sperm
jetting against my womb, mixing with my juices and spilling out of me.
 He collapsed on top of me while I beat my fists in frustration against his
back.
 After a while, he moved away. His now soft cock hung limp, trailing a thin
thread of semen from the head to my pussy. A small stream of cum ran down the
crack to my ass and pooled on the bed.
 "I am sorry" he said. "I wish I could have brought you out."
 "But it is your luck that I am here."
 Bob's voice behind Al made me look up. My eyes were drawn to his legs. I could
not believe my eyes! No man has a right to be that large. My hands went to my
pussy in a defensive gesture. He would rip me apart, gut me like a pig! "No,
get away from me! You can't... I can't take that..."
..
 It was like a baseball bat, fully a foot in length and at least two and a half
or three inches thick. It reached from the thick mat of hair to the tip of his
breastbone. His hands were wrapped around it and could barely circle it. From
the base hung a pair of balls like small coconuts. The head on it was the size
of an apple and from the slit on the end shone a drop of lubrication.
 Bob smiled and said: "The little lady is afraid. Little does she know that
that hole she has will accomodate anything. Besides I buy this by the gross."
 In his hand was a tube of jellied lubricant.
 "Be careful, Bob, you do not want to hurt her."
 "We'll just do it the easy way, let her come to me."
 Bob laid on the bed and opened the tube of lubricant.  Taking a great gob of
it, he placed it on the great head and spread it down the length. he kept doing
that until the tube was empty.
 My juices had started running again. If I got on top, I could stop anytime I
started to hurt. Besides, he was covered with lubricant. I timidly touched it.
It jumped at my touch. My hand could not circle it. Slowly I moved my hand up
and down it. The skin moved easily and a new drop of juice appeared at the slit.
 I leaned closer and touched the tip of my tongue to the drop. The salty-bitter
taste filled my mouth.
 I made up my mind. Lifting one leg, I straddled him, the big cock trapped
between my belly and his. I lifted myself but found it impossible to get in the
right position. It was just too big. Al came to my rescue.
 Lifting me up bu the waist, he lowered me until I could place the big head on
the cum-soaked hairs around my vagina. Bob moved his hands to my pussy and with
thumb and forefinger spread the lips until the edges lay on each side of the
head.
 "Let her down, slowly."
 My pussy opening was being stretched inhumanely. My body lowered an inch and
the great head insinuated deeper into my pussy, the blood-filled tip stretching
the flesh almost to the tearing point. I moaned, now aware through the pain
that my own body was betraying me, that my own weight would be the momemtum
working me down the spear that was slowly piercing me.
 "Nooo, I can't... it's impossible."
 Al lowered me another inch.
 "Uuuuuuuggg!"
 The rubber bands of my vaginal opening began unknotting in adjustment to the
monument forcing entry, snapping loose little by little. It got a bit less
painful.
 Suddenly Al laughed and said: "You can take it."... and released the hands
that were holding me up.
 Fire sirens went off in my brain, shrieking and alarm. I did not rush down the
firepole. It came to me, tearing up my insides. The runaway cock smashed
through all my resisting flesh, shoving the pink soft walls aside before its
monstruous head. It rushed into me, filling every crack and pore in the tunnel
to my womb, pushing my organs aside. His wiry pubic hairs cushioned the jolt as
my buttocks hit bottom, Bob's pelvis. His huge member was completely inside my
torn pussy, extending, I thought, through the top of my skull. The expression
in my face must have changed as I stared down to where the cock had disappeared
inside me, expecting a pool of blood.
 I looked at Bob. His arms were behind his head as he looked at me in
amusement. I started getting used to the huge foreign pressence that my body
had accepted with such astonishing flexibility.
 "Oh... oh... oh... ohhh..."
 Bob's balls twitched when he inflated his prick and my responding groan was
pained, my teeth clenching and my pussy hurrying to accomodate the increased
size of the large intruder. I repeated the moan when he shifted the other way,
but each sideways move expanded the walls of my vagina until they fit the giant
prick like a glove.
 There was no way he could be any deeper in me.
 "Fuck now," said Bob.
 Like a gymnast, I worked my legs back, my feet against my butt and tested
lifting my torso up the big cock. We were sealed together so tightly that our
meshed flesh was almost as one. I lifted my pussy until the lips found the
ridge of the head, what seemed like ten miles above the base and slowly lowered
my body down again. Bob shut his eyes, as if being lulled to sleep by the
dreamy sensation of a snug-fitting warm doughnut of softness as it ringed up
and down the length of the colossal cock. Al's hands went to my breasts,
cupping them and softly kneading the nipples. His mouth started kissing my neck
and bringing shivers to my skin.
 I was still pumping up and down, the pain now gone. Up and down, up and down
the unmoving cock, a half smile on my face, a signal of the full enjoyment of
something deliciously wicked. Faster I moved, Bob's loins now rushing to catch
my pussy as it slipped away on each upstroke. His loins now kicked into high
gear and the pistoning cock pushed inside me with teeth rattling impact.
 I was riding out the storm, my pussy lashed to Bob's massive mast. My clit was
getting rubbed as I rode it down the cock like the prow of a downracing
bobsled. The first blast of hot cum splashed into my pussy like molten lead,
the monstrous shaft swelling like puffed cheeks as it gushed.
 I was huffing and puffing as if I had swallowed liquid fire. My screams must
have filled the room as Bob's cock continued to fire, its hot cum filling my
womb and back down the vaginal passage, mixing at the base with the outpourring
of my pussy.
 Finally I was there. My orgasm soared higher and higher. It was frightening
how my body could run away, existing by itself. I climbed and climbed, my
climax like a balloon that suddenly exploded. I felt that I had been straddling
a high tension wire and someone had finally turned off the juice. I sagged on
Bob, aware of my pussy seeping around the thick stopper like a partially
plugged drain.
 I lifted my flowing pussy off the still rigid cock and watched Bob's face
clear as I threw a leg across his body and collapsed on the side.
 I rested, my leaking vagina hurting inside while its walls readjusted, trying
without success to locate in positions of the pre-Bob past.
 ..
 Norman is back in bed and I am starting to fall asleep. But a smile is on my
lips. My thoughts are in the little slip of paper in the bottom of my purse.
The one with Bob's address and phone number.

--
