Archive-name: 3plus/helenxma.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Helen


Hi all, just thought I'd tell you all a little story about the fun I had 
just before Christmas, on the 23rd. 

With it being the last day in work before Christmas, we all finished at 
lunchtime and went to our companies Sports and Social club, for a few 
drinks and the annual grope off all the spotty little office boys. 

I wasn't intending to stay for very long, as I still had a bit of 
shopping to do, but as always after a couple of glasses of wine I got the 
taste, and started to enjoy myself. 

I was standing with a group of people from a different department to 
mine, and enjoying myself immensely due to the fact that one of the 
junior managers from that department was making a fuss of me. 

I had secretly fancied him for a while, but never really bothered trying 
to take it any further because he lived a long way from me. Anyway, as I 
was about to leave, he asked me what I was doing that night and I told 
him truthfully that I was going out with Sally, my best friend, for a few 
drinks at our local. 

He said that was a pity because he was going to offer to take me out for 
a meal otherwise. My heart started to beat faster and I started to 
stammer that Sally wouldn't mind, because we were intending to meet a lot 
more friends at the pub, so she wouldn't be on her own. He smiled and 
asked me what time I would like to be picked up, so I said about 8-ish, 
and said good-bye. 

I was quite excited as I drove home, and even lifted my skirt up and 
slowly rubbed my pussy through the lovely silky panties I was wearing. I 
intended to have a good session with one of my vibrators when I got into 
the flat. 

However the sight that greeted me when I got into the flat was better 
than anything I could have wished for. There stretched out on the settee 
was Sally, who had got back from her office party a bit earlier, and was 
obviously well on the way to being pissed. 

The highlight of this however, was what she was wearing. A Father 
Christmas outfit which came to just above her knees, and bright red 
stockings and suspender belt. She was lying on the settee with her legs 
wide apart, the gusset of her red French knickers pulled to one side, and 
the neck of a wine bottle just inside the lips of her sweet pussy. 'I was 
hoping you'd come home soon' she said, and removed the bottle from her 
pussy and offered it to me. 

I walked towards her and wrapped my lips around the end of it, smelling 
the lovely mixture of grape and Sally's juices. Sally then stood up and 
undid her robe at the waist, and her wonderful large breasts also housed 
in a red bra, beautifully completed the sight before me. 

She moved behind me, and started to undo my blouse whilst nibbling my 
ears and neck. Her hands then moved down to the catch on my skirt and she 
undid this letting it and my underskirt fall to the floor. 

Luckily I was quite well dressed underneath as well. I had an all-black 
outfit on, satin bra and tight panties, with a suspender belt and seamed 
stockings. (Well you never know what's going to happen at the Christmas 
Party do you ?). 

Sally leaned me forward so I was kneeling on the settee and she knelt 
behind me. I felt her hot breath on my bottom, as she rubbed my cunt 
through the tight black material that was by now stretched tight across 
me. 

She slowly peeled them down to my knees and I felt a finger rubbing 
against my lips, then one, two, three, her fingers were inside me 
flashing around violently, and making a hot sexy squelching sound. She 
then changed hands and rubbed her fingers around my mouth and over my 
face, they were so c-overed in my juices and tasted beautiful. 

Sally then turned me around and offered her breasts to me. She knew just 
how much I like her tits, they are so large, yet firm and with beautiful 
nipples that go dark brown and rock hard when they get attention. I 
pulled the red bra to one side and licked at her nipples. 

As I was doing this, Sally reached into her handbag and got one of our 
favourite toys out - the 12" black dildo. I was so wet that it didn't 
take much effort to slide it inside me, she started gently but soon was 
thrashing the thing in and out and I was soon on my back with my legs 
wide apart as she knelt over me with the toy. 

'Fuck me you dirty slag', I yelled as it flashed in quicker and quicker. 
'Come on fuck me with that big black cock, you twat', I screamed and 
screamed as wave after wave of searing orgasm shot through me. 

Sally repositioned herself, kneeling over my face and I nearly ripped her 
knickers as I pulled them to one side and licked her dripping cunt for 
all I was worth. I slipped back further and lapped at her arse as well, 
edging my tongue just inside. Whilst doing this I slipped my fingers 
inside her cunt and finger fucked her like mad. 

Soon we could take no more and as we both climaxed massively we  
collapsed in a heap, with the underwear which we had kept on, stuck to 
our hot sweaty bodies. After a minute or two's rest we moved together and 
kissed deeply, followed by our falling asleep on the settee. 

The next thing either of us heard was the doorbell. Sally was up and 
opening the door before I had time to look at my watch and realise it 
must have been Geoff calling to take me out. 

I just had time to slip my dressing gown on before he stepped into the 
room, but I still must have looked a sight. He smiled as he walked into 
the room, and said 'I see you two have been enjoying yourselves'. I 
wondered what he was talking about until I caught his gazing at the 
sticky 12" black dildo which was still on the settee next to me - I must 
have blushed the colour of Sally's Santa suit. 

Sally, being Sally, just laughed and said ' That's right mate, we have, 
and anyway who are you?'. I then had to explain to Sally who Geoff was, 
and that he was meant to be taking me out that evening, to which Sally 
said 'Why bother going out yet, lets have some fun here first', and 
started to undo her robe again. 

Geoff gasped as her robe slipped from her body and revealed those lovely 
tits still being held in by the red bra. She started to rub her breasts, 
squeezing each nipple and then move her hands to between her legs, 
slipped her hand down inside her French knickers and stroked her pussy. 

Geoff must have thought it was his birthday. Here was a bloke I had 
hardly ever spoken to socially, arriving to take me out for dinner, and 
finding my flat mate putting on a sexy show for him. 

Luckily he then broke the ice by suggesting that he take his coat off. As 
he did this I went to the drinks cabinet and poured him a large scotch, 
and bringing it back to him I noticed he wasn't doing a very good job of 
hiding his rampant hard-on. 

I leaned over to pass the drink, only for my wrap to fall open slightly 
giving him a good view of my breasts. He suddenly pulled me down on him, 
we started to kiss deeply, and he slid the robe of me completely. 

He told me that I looked beautiful, and whilst my face may not have after 
just waking up, I must admit my body looked as good as ever. 

He moved his face down to my breasts and started to tongue each nipple, 
firstly through the material then he unclasped the bra, and squeezed and 
sucked hard on each breast in turn. I was well turned on again by now, 
and Sally soon came over to join us. 

We moved Geoff over to the settee and started to undress him. 

As we peeled his trousers down, we got the shock of our lives when we saw 
what he was wearing underneath. He had a pair of silky black panties on 
with lace around the edges. 

It was his turn to blush, but then he stammered that he normally wore 
them because they felt nicer against his skin than standard mens 
underwear. If the truth be told they actually looked very sexy and I 
nuzzled my face into the bulge and traced my fingers down the outline it 
was making. 

Sally reminded me of the time we had dressed another bloke we knew up in 
all our underwear (mainly Sally's coz she's bigger than me!), and how we 
had all enjoyed that. 

Anyway, Sally then took over and started to rub him through the shiny 
black material whist I knelt in front of Sally and sucked on her 
wonderful breasts. 

Geoff whispered that he was close to coming, and if he came now he would 
soon be ready again for a long slow fucking afterwards, so who were we to 
disagree. 

Sally motioned to release his cock from the briefs, but he suggested that 
he come inside them instead. This seemed fine to us so Sally nibbled at 
his cock through the material, whilst I tongued Sally from underneath, 
and he was soon screaming and thrashing about. 

His cock jerked about inside the panties as dollop after dollop of thick 
spunk filled them. Some of it spilled out of the side and the top and 
most of it started to soak through the material. 

I dived down into his groin and licked the excess away, whist Sally 
pulled the panties down and lapped at his flaccid cock that was covered 
in his juices. 

The best was yet to come. As Sally removed them completely, she held them 
up to Geoff to look at, and he took them off her and holding them over 
his face he proceeded to lick his own spunk out of them, and rub the 
material all over his face. 

He was obviously a bloke who knew what we he liked sexually and wasn't 
afraid to express it! 

Sally and I were extremely horny again by now, and whilst Geoff recovered 
we went into our favourite 69 position and using our tongues as we had 
done so many times before, brought each other to a searing climax, 
simultaneously. 

Needless to say the session went on for some time, and we never did get 
out for that drink. However no-one was complaining !

--
