Help
by deirdre

It was a warm summer day: lots of people were wearing shorts and some 
women were looking really good.  I was in line at a local discount 
department store, and couldn't help noticing one particular woman: she 
must have been about twenty, was thin, a little taller than average, and 
extremely tan, with brown hair, and was wearing shorts and a short 
little top that showed off her middle.  She didn't have large breasts, 
but it was awful nice to look at her trim, lithe little body.  She was 
over in another line and I snuck a few glances.

"She's really something, isn't she?"  Someone behind me said it and 
somehow I stood there for a second ignoring the question of whether she 
was talking to me or not.  Then I came to my senses, and slowly turned 
around in a non-committal way.  There was this short lady, perhaps about 
40 or 45 years old with black hair.  She wasn't what you would call 
great looking, though she was OK, and she was thin.  She was looking up 
at me and she definitely must have been talking to me.  I still didn't 
answer, not knowing quite what to make of her.

"She's really sexy, isn't she?" said the woman.

"Yes," was my brilliant reply, not knowing quite what to make of a woman 
who would start up a conversation like that.

"You could ask her out."  Curioser and curioser.

"I don't know her."

"I could get you in with her.  She lives in the same apartment complex 
as I do."  I just stared at her.  "Well, you like the way she looks; do 
you want to take a chance and possibly date her and . . . ?  It's *your* 
life!"

I thought about it.  Why was this woman doing this?  That would be 
really something--actually getting to know a woman like that.  Was there 
any danger in going along with this?  I could take care of myself.

"Why?"  I finally asked, wondering why she would do something like that.

"You like her looks, don't you?"

"I mean, why do you want to do this?"

"I have a deal for you."  I was even more intrigued.  "Come talk to me 
outside."

Outside, I waited for her.  She didn't beat around the bush.  "OK, 
here's the deal: I'll help you get in with her; then after you have sex 
with her, I want you to help me have sex with her."

Needless to say I was surprised.  "Never mind your comments," she went 
on, "is it a deal?  I think it can work."  It was strange to look at 
this woman and know that she was turned on by the exact same girl that 
turned me on so much.  This was all too wild--I didn't do things like 
this.

"Deal."  What could it hurt?  This was so wild.

"OK, it'll take a lot of time and effort on our part but I think it can 
work."  She paused, seeming to wait for any objection from me.  "Come 
with me to my apartment and we can start planning."  I felt a nervous 
twinge at that.  What was I getting myself into?  Dealing with this 
crazy old lady in order to get to someone my own age?  But I went along 
with it.

After following her to her apartment, she gave me a beer and took one 
herself, told me to call her Esther, and she told me the situation.  She 
had seen the girl around the complex, but didn't know her name or where 
she lived.  We would have to watch for her and find out which apartment 
she lived in and her name.  Then we could track her movements, including 
where she did her laundry, and the she could run into me doing my 
laundry in the same room.  Then it would be up to me to strike up a 
conversation.

It sounded feasible, so I went along with it.  She told me she sometimes 
saw the girl walking from one of the parking lots at night as she 
returned to her apartment and said we'd stake out the parking lot that 
night.  I just went along with her.

That evening when I returned, Esther said we'd go sit in her car out in 
the parking lot.  She brought a six-pack and we headed out.  Soon I 
found myself sitting in her car, watching for that girl.  I wondered at 
myself getting into this situation.  It was insane.  But it sure wasn't 
the same ol' boring evening!  Not yet: we hadn't been waiting in the car 
long yet.  We drank some beer and talked a bit.  Esther started talking 
about the girl.  She asked me if I liked slender girls in general, and 
soon somehow our conversation was on how I would like to have sex with 
the girl.  I told her a line about how I would kiss the girl and whisper 
in her ear.

"Don't give me that--I know guys.  I'll bet you'd like her naked on her 
hands and knees in the middle of the living room, waiting for you to 
give it to her from behind."  I was definitely taken aback--I can't say 
it was exactly what I was thinking, but it certainly fit in well with 
what could turn me on.

She went on: "I, myself, would dearly love to get my hands on her little 
ass.  Her body is so sleek and brown.  I'd love to pull those little 
shorts down and get my hands on those cheeks."  I'd never known a 
lesbian before and never imagined a woman like Esther.  "Then I'd love 
to run my hands up and down her body, rubbing my hand on her cunt and 
fingering one of her nipples.  I want to see her breath hard."  It was 
getting to be too much--I was definitely turned on.  "I want her on her 
knees too: ready to lick me on command.  I'd love to see you pushing 
your cock into her rear hole while I pushed her head into my cunt.  I'd 
love to gag her and handcuff her..."

"You are really something!"  I finally blurted.

"Sorry, am I getting you too hot?" she asked.  "We can talk about other 
things."

But we didn't.  We just sat there, drinking.

"You know," she started up, probably a half hour later, "we could have a 
little fun while we sit here.  I'll bet you could use it."  I just sat 
there.  Did I know this was coming?  What should I do?

"It's no big deal," she went on, "It's just that it's ashamed to waste 
away the time like this.  You could stand a little, couldn't you?"  I'd 
certainly never done anything with a middle-aged lady and never thought 
I'd hear a lady like Esther suggesting we do it just to pass the time!

"What do you have in mind?"  Some part of me must have thought it was a 
good idea!

"Look, I just think it makes sense to have a little fun since we're 
stuck here like this."  Her hand went on my cock.  "We'd probably both 
be getting ourselves off later tonight--why not share a little?"  Her 
hand was rubbing and my cock which hadn't been completely soft was 
hardening.  She was right about one thing: I could use some sex.

"I think you are liking this idea," she said.  Then she had my zipper 
open and was pulling my cock out and had her hand around it.  Then she 
said "Keep a good lookout," and she bent over and put her mouth over my 
cock.  She started sucking and bobbed her head.  She was certainly more 
enthusiastic than any of the girls who had done this for me: I had 
gotten a few light kisses and little sucks but that is it.  She went 
after my cock like a demon, never stopping.  She grabbed my thigh with 
one hand and worked her head faster and faster.  I couldn't believe the 
sensation.  If that girl had walked by, I would have missed her.  But 
Esther didn't stop or draw it out--she had me coming in no time.  But 
even though we didn't spend a lot of time drawing it out, I felt like I 
came more than ever before.  It was so fantastic!

She swallowed every drop, not drawing away until I was completely done.  
Then she kept her hand on my cock as she stood up and I went softer.  
"You've got a nice cock," she said.  We sat there a little while.  
"Didn't see anything, did you?"  I wondered a little if I missed the 
girl as she walked by.  Esther seemed to read my mind: "Don't worry, 
chances are she didn't sneak by at exactly when you were out of it, and 
if she did, we'll still get her in the end."  Esther was simply beyond 
belief.

We sat there for a little while, watching anyone who walked by.  Esther 
opened another beer and drank a bit.  "I could use some relief too," she 
finally said, "could you finger me?"  She took my hand and put it on one 
of her breasts.  I fingered it through the material.  She wasn't wearing 
a bra.  Her breast wasn't large, but I felt the nipple through the 
material.  She unbuttoned her blouse and pushed my hand inside.  I 
fingered her some more.

"That's great," she finally said.  "Please don't stop!"  I could tell 
from her voice that she was really excited.  I couldn't believe I was 
doing this.  She unbuttoned her blouse some more and it was completely 
open.  She fingered her other breast herself.  I could barely see her 
chest in the shadows.  It was awful nice to see a woman's chest even if 
her breasts were not large.  "I'll keep watch," she said.

I bent down and licked her nipple with the tip of my tongue.  "Yes!" she 
said and her hands went to my head.  "Oh yes!  Oh yes!" she repeated 
over and over.  Her voice was breathy  I heard her unzipping her jeans.  
She pushed her hand inside the front of her panties.  With her other 
hand, she was still pulling my head against her nipple.  I ran my tongue 
back and forth over it and nipped it lightly with my teeth.  I could 
hear her breathing pick up even more.  I put my hand on the hand she had 
in her panties and pushed it in in front.  My fingers found hers and 
helped.  Her body started jerking as she tightened and loosened the 
muscles in her pelvis.  She was still saying "Yes!" over and over.  Her 
fingers at her cunt allowed mine to do the work and then slipped behind 
my hand and pushed my fingers against her cunt.  Her cunt was so wet.  I 
felt her clit, which her fingers obviously wanted me to work on.  I 
slipped down and slid two fingers into her cunt and then slipped back up 
to her clit.  She jerked and moaned and said "Don't stop!"  She sounded 
like she was pleading.

Her body stiffened and straightened as she let out a final long moan, 
lifting her rear right off of the seat.  It seemed like a minute that 
her body twitched and jerked and she finally collapsed.  I lightly 
kissed her nipple, not stopping for another couple of minutes, then I 
sat up.  She was leaning against the door of the car, her legs open, 
looking lewd, but looking like she was totally beat.  Her breath was 
still too fast.  I scanned the parking lot and the sidewalk to see if 
the girl was around, but I didn't see her.

"Oh thanks!  You don't know how much I needed that!"  she said, finally, 
through her breathing.

After that, we sat there a while, just looking at the parking lot.  We 
didn't see the girl at all.  We sat there for quite a while, perhaps an 
hour.  It was getting later and finally reached about 11:30PM.

"She might stay out all hours on weekends," Esther finally said, "It 
might be smarter to watch for her on weekdays."

"You might be right," I added, but we agreed to keep watching and 
watched quite a bit longer, until about 1AM.  Then we agreed to call it 
quits and went back to her apartment.

"I guess it'll take more persistence to catch her," said Esther, "we can 
try another night."  We agreed on the following night and I got ready to 
leave.

I looked at her as she walked me to the door.  She really wasn't bad 
looking--just not particularly youthful.  She seemed in good physical 
shape and her body was attractive, if slender.  She smiled at me.

"You know," she said, "you could just stick around."  I knew exactly 
what she was thinking and she seemed to know my mind too.  I remembered 
coming and how she came.

It was a warm night and we were both nude, with no sheet.  Light from 
street lights shown in the bedroom window, so it was easy to see each 
other.  I fucked her on her hands and knees and she obviously loved 
every second of it, thrusting her rear back at me and making a sort of 
whining noise the whole time.  I was tired after that.  We lay there 
nude.  She put her hand on my rear as we fell asleep.

Was I surprised to find myself there in the morning!  I wondered what I 
had gotten myself in for.  She insisted on having me sit on the edge of 
the bed while she sucked me off.  It was incredible.

But later I wondered.  Was this her real goal?  She had fixed us 
breakfast and I had eaten and then gone.  I thought about it a lot, 
needless to say.  Looking back on it, it seemed like I didn't want to be 
involved with her.  Just too weird--I didn't know what would happen 
next.  We hadn't agreed on any particular evening to meet again--when 
she called, I'd be busy.

But she called that afternoon with different news: "I lucked out and got 
here here in my apartment.  You've got to come quick!"  She was 
obviously talking low.

"How . . . ?"

"I happened to see her at the laundry and struck up a conversation and 
lured her back.  Come now.  I'll say you're the son of one of my friends 
and have a little job for you to do or something.  You can call me "Aunt 
Esther".  This is our big chance!"  I thought about it.  I remembered 
what that girl looked like.  Well, if Esther was leading me on this 
time, I'd know for sure.

"OK."

"Hurry!"  I left.  On  the way I wondered if the girl wouldn't be there 
and Esther would say she'd left.  I groaned inwardly--that had to be it.  
I'd *know* she was leading me on, but I'd still probably wonder.

Esther was at the door.  She grinned at me.  The girl was there!  Esther 
introduced her as Kathleen.  She was wearing shorts and a sleeveless 
top.  I felt tongue-tied but I hid it well.  She smiled at me.  I was 
all business and told Esther I had to get started.  Esther took me in 
the kitchen and said she needed to clean behind the stove and 
refrigerator and that I could pull them out.  I almost smirked and she 
gave me a little shrug.  Then she was gone back to her living room and I 
heard her talking to Kathleen.  I had to take everything off the top of 
the refrigerator first, then I rolled it out.  Esther could have done 
the whole job herself, but probably didn't realize how easy it is.  But 
the job served its purpose.

I was done with the stove too and out in the living room joining Esther 
and Kathleen.  I asked Kathleen if she lived in the apartments.  She 
smiled at me as we made small talk and I realized this all might work!  
Finally she excused herself and left.  Suddenly Esther was saying "Go 
after her!" and pushed me out the door.  Kathleen actually looked back 
when I was out and I caught up to her and asked her if she were 
interested in going out to a movie that night!  We made a date right 
there.

Esther met me at the door, grinning from ear to ear.  I guess I was 
grinning too--she seemed to know I'd gotten a date even though I hadn't 
said a thing.

"Did she get you hard?"  *That* was the Esther I knew.  Her hand was on 
my cock checking it out.  She rubbed it a little, then was on her knees 
unzipping my jeans!  My cock was in her mouth and I was on the verge.  I 
still can't get over the way she could suck me off!

It only took a minute for her to get me off.  Then she was ripping off 
her own clothes!  "Do my ass!  Pretend I'm Kathleen!" she said.  Soon 
she was nude on the living room carpet on her hands and knees, wriggling 
her rear!  Frankly, it was *much* too soon for me and I had to tell her 
so.  She smiled and said she understood and asked if I'd kiss her nipple 
like the night before.  We ended up sitting on the couch, me kissing her 
breast and her fingering herself.  I found myself getting hard again, 
and she immediately said we should do it and got on her hands and knees 
again.  I didn't do her ass, but we had a wild time and afterwards she 
asked me if I pretended she was Kathleen!

"You are the most unusual lady I've ever heard of," I finally offered 
when we were done.  She just laughed and said I wasn't used to women who 
did what they felt like doing.  Then she told me to go home and get 
ready for Kathleen.

In fact, she was full of advice, talking to me all the time I got myself 
back together and headed for the door.  I told her she'd just make me 
nervous, and finally she insisted on coming with me, saying I was 
hopeless and would probably dress all wrong.

I gave up and ended up driving her to my apartment.  She immediately 
went through my closet and clothes on the floor, looking at different 
items critically.  Then she wanted me to try things on, and I protested.

"You've *got* to see what it looks like!" she insisted.

"I'm *not* going to spend my afternoon trying on my own clothes!"

"But you don't realize what a good impression you could make . . ."  
There was no stopping her and yes, I spent a half hour trying on 
clothing!  Finally she was satisfied that I had something to wear and 
she attacked my kitchen, both cleaning it up and making us something to 
eat.  After we ate, she stuck around, cleaning my apartment until it was 
time for me to get ready to go--then she checked me out after I got 
dressed and I took her back home.

Kathleen smiled at me when I went to pick her up and I couldn't believe 
that she seemed so interested in me.  She was so beautiful.  We talked 
surprisingly easily the whole way there and after the movie as we 
stopped for desert.  She invited me in, too, and yes, we did it, that 
very night!  And ended up spending the night together too!

I couldn't believe that everything went so perfectly.  It seemed like 
when I had first seen Kathleen and that Esther had talked to me that I 
didn't really believe that Kathleen and I would ever date--and if we 
did, it would be unlikely to work out.  But now it had . . . and I was 
walking on air.

I left in the morning after we went out for breakfast, and when I got 
home, there was a message on my machine from Esther.  She *ordered* me 
to call her to tell her all the details!  Well I called her, and as soon 
as she answered, she said she was coming over immediately to hear it 
all!

She wanted to know everything, and was patient about every detail and 
demanding if she thought I'd missed something.  I ended up telling her 
the whole story, beginning to end.  As soon as it reached Kathleen's 
bed, she was doubly interested and got me to sit on the couch with her 
sitting between my legs, leaning back against me.  She took my hand and 
put it under her top on her breasts as soon as I started talking about 
kissing Kathleen.  She wanted me playing with her nipple and she 
wouldn't let me refuse.  She wanted complete descriptions of Kathleen's 
taking her clothes off and what she looked like.  And when I got to our 
sex, she wanted absolutely every detail.  By then, she had a hand tucked 
in her panties and was fingering herself too.  She wanted to know 
exactly what it felt like to push my cock in Kathleen's cunt, and she 
came as I did my best to describe it.  She wanted to know what it was 
like to see Kathleen later--did I see her body in the morning in 
daylight?  I had to describe every kiss and every detail until the 
moment I left.

Then Esther turned around and kissed me.  I didn't recall her kissing me 
so sweetly before.  Then she whispered in my ear "Thank you," and got up 
and got herself dressed again.  Then she told me she knew it was going 
to go well, and left.

Well, I got together with Kathleen again that night, and just about 
every night that week.  Esther convinced me to stop at her apartment 
whenever I left Kathleen and she always made me explain every detail.  
All while I fingered her.  She didn't bring me off any more but sex with 
Kathleen was great and I didn't really need it.  Kathleen and I hadn't 
done anything as wild as I had done with Esther, but I wasn't 
complaining.

But Esther brought up the subject of doing other things with Kathleen.  
Had she taken my cock in her mouth?  Taken it in the rear?  Did I eat 
her?  She always wanted to know, and then was telling me I had to take 
action and let Kathleen know what I needed.  But I didn't quite feel 
like I needed all that--things were going great with Kathleen without 
any of all that.

Esther also talked to Kathleen about me.  She still visited with 
Kathleen once in a while and Kathleen and I often made it a habit to 
stop in to see her before we went out.  We all went out to lunch one 
saturday.  Esther told me that Kathleen was definitely hooked on me and 
she was sure she'd be willing to experiment with sex.  I was a bit 
nervous and asked Esther if she had discussed any specifics with 
Kathleen or if she had told Kathleen about her conversations with me.  
She told me not to worry--that she knew what she was doing and would 
never do that unless she was sure Kathleen was ready for it.  I wasn't 
completely at ease with her answer.

Finally, one time when I visited her after going out, she told me her 
birthday was coming up and it was our opportunity to introduce Kathleen 
into the more interesting aspects of sex.  I got nervous, both because I 
knew Esther could be very outrageous and because it reminded me of our 
original agreement: that I'd help Esther have sex with Kathleen.

It was very clear that Esther was still interested: she made me tell her 
every little thing about Kathleen and got excited about any tidbit about 
sex with Kathleen.  I feared what would happen.  Esther had an elaborate 
plan.  I didn't feel like I could turn her down.  But even so, she only 
got me to agree to go along with things if everything seemed natural-- 
she said I should just show innocent affection for Esther and act 
innocent above all things.

Kathleen went along with my suggestion that we just have a casual date 
that night and as was not unusual, we stopped at Esther's apartment 
before leaving.  Esther let it slip that she was sort of celebrating and 
it all turned into an impromptu invitation to come out with us.  
Kathleen was insistent and Esther and I couldn't have changed her mind 
had we wanted to.  The three of us went out to dinner at a fancier place 
than we had planned and then ended up at Esther's apartment again.  She 
gave us drinks and somehow we ended up talking about Esther's lack of 
social life.  I marvelled to see Kathleen insistently pumping Esther, 
knowing that Esther had orchestrated the whole thing.  Fortunately, I 
didn't have to do much- -basically act natural.

We'd been drinking and talking quite a while.  There just didn't seem to 
be an opportune time to leave.  Finally Esther said it was time for her 
to go to bed.  She escorted us to the door and was profusely thankful 
for our visit.  Then she whispered something to Kathleen.  Kathleen 
giggled a little.  Kathleen gave me a little, nonchalant kiss, right 
there in front of Esther and said we'd better go.

But we'd taken only a few steps and she stopped.  "What do you think of 
Esther?"

"She's great," I replied, "You might think she's like a mother or aunt 
to me, but she's really a great friend to me."

"She's . . . all alone in there.  Let's go back."

"What?"

"Well, I hate to leave her alone on her birthday.  She really doesn't 
have anybody.  Do you ever think of her . . .," her voice was down 
almost to a whisper, "does she *attract* you?"

"What are you talking about?"

"She hasn't *had* anyone . . . for years at least, as far as I can 
tell."

"Kathleen, I *like* her, but  . . ."

"You could kiss her," she was dragging me back to Esther's door, "and 
maybe touch her if that didn't bother you."

"Kathleen, this is *too weird*!"  She was tapping on Esther's door.  
Esther opened it a crack and she insisted on us coming back in.  Esther 
was wearing a robe.  Kathleen whispered to her.

"No!" Esther answered out loud, giggling while she talked.

"Have fun," Kathleen offered and started out the door.  I just stood 
there, not believing this was happening.

"No, stay," Esther said to Kathleen, looking nervous.  She whispered to 
Kathleen again and they whispered back and forth.

Finally Kathleen said "Come," and grabbed my arm and started pulling me 
towards the bedroom!  Esther didn't move, but Kathleen stopped and 
looked at her, then went back and grabbed her wrist too and pulled us 
both!  I couldn't believe this!  Obviously Esther was a master at this 
game.

Kathleen left the lights off and dragged us to the bed.  We all lay down 
on it, me in the middle, all fully dressed.  "Kiss her," Kathleen 
whispered right in my ear.  "Go on," she said out loud after I 
hesitated.

"Why don't you two kiss, and let me watch," said Esther quietly.  I 
still very carefully did nothing.  Kathleen lay there looking at Esther 
for a second.  "Please?" Esther added, a pleading quality in her voice.

It was time for action.  I turned over on my stomach, raised myself on 
my elbows, leaned over and kissed Kathleen on the lips.  She responded 
and I kissed her more deeply.  All we did was kiss, but I guess we were 
out of the habit of kissing for such a long time because we made the 
most of it for minutes.  When we came up for air, I saw her glance over 
at Esther and back at me.  She smiled.  I looked at Esther.  She lay on 
her side, still in her robe, looking at us with an unreadable expression 
on her face.  I leaned over and kissed Kathleen again.  I could tell 
that she was really excited.

"Touch me," Kathleen whispered in my ear.  I still kissed.  She started 
unbuttoning her blouse and then grabbed my hand and made me put it 
inside!  She pushed her bra up over her breast.  I felt her nipple--it 
was definitely hard.  She was breathing harder.  She sat up and started 
undressing for real.  She got everything off but her panties and then 
kissed me and then pulled my head to her breast as she lay down again.  
Kathleen was getting hotter and hotter.  She leaned up and whispered in 
my ear again: "Yes!  Do it!  Let's do it!"  She glanced back at Esther 
and I did too.  Esther had her robe off and was wearing a silky little 
night shirt.  Her hand was on her crotch.  Kathleen was unbuttoning my 
shirt and unsnapped and unzipped my pants.  "Come on, take it off," she 
whispered in my ear and she raised her rear and slid down her panties.  
We were both naked and I lay on top of her.  The room was still dark, 
but my eyes had had time to adjust and the light through the curtains 
was enough to see everything.  "I *want* it!  I *want* it!" Kathleen 
said.  She seemed to have lost her grip on herself--I hadn't seen her 
like this before until we were doing it.  She grabbed my cock and helped 
me slide it in.  "Yes," I heard a very soft whisper.  I started stroking 
back and forth, slowly.  "Yes, oh, yes, faster!" she added out loud.  I 
kept going slowly and she whispered again "Faster, you bastard!"  I 
gradually picked up the pace.  She pushed back with each stroke and she 
was shaking and bucking like I'd never seen her before!  She started 
vocalizing with every breath, sometimes saying "Oh yes!"  We just went 
harder and harder until I felt her body stiffen.  I grabbed her in a 
tight embrace, pushed all the way in, and let myself come.  She groaned 
and then after 30 seconds I felt her body suddenly go slack.

I couldn't roll back between them: Esther had slid over and I heard her 
whisper into Kathleen's ear "That was beautiful."  I heard Kathleen 
sigh.  Kathleen was too near the edge of the bed for me to lay on the 
other side of her.  I ended up standing up and sank down in a stuffed 
chair a couple of feet away.  Kathleen just lay there on her back and 
Esther had put her arm over her body.  Esther pulled Kathleen's head 
toward her own and then whispered "Thank you."

"You're welcome," I heard Kathleen whisper back.  Then Esther leaned a 
little closer and kissed her on the lips!  Kathleen lay there--I 
couldn't see if she were moving, but she didn't pull away.  Esther 
didn't stop the kiss and neither did Kathleen.  They just lay like that 
for well over a minute--minutes really.  I finally saw Kathleen's head 
moving slightly.  Then Esther pulled on her body and Kathleen rolled 
onto her side, facing Esther.  They kissed some more and soon their arms 
were wrapped around each other.  I just sat there and stared.  Esther 
slid down to kiss Kathleen's breasts.  She managed to look at me as she 
slid and she motioned me with her head.  She wanted me to get back into 
bed.  Then she was kissing Kathleen's nipple.  I could hear Kathleen 
breathing again.  Then Esther slid down again and motioned me again, 
twice.  I got up and walked around the bed and got in on the side Esther 
had been before.  Esther had her head between Kathleen's legs.  Kathleen 
was saying "Oh, yes!" again and her eyes were shut.  I stared.  Her 
hands were on Esther's head.  She just kept breathing louder and louder 
and soon she was yelling her oh yeses.  Her breathing got even faster 
and heavier and she couldn't say it anymore.  Then she screamed.  I 
couldn't believe it.  She'd *never* done that with me!  She finally came 
down and Esther crawled back up next to her and they were kissing again 
just like when they started.  Esther reached back behind herself as they 
kissed and pulled on my arm.  I scooted up close and she pulled my arm 
over them both.  I lay there while they just kissed and kissed.

I awoke.  It was still dark.  They weren't in the bed--they were 
standing at the foot of the bed, kissing.  I was so tired--I turned over 
and shut my eyes again.

I awoke again to a scream.  After it, I heard Kathleen's "Oh, Yes!" a 
few more times.  They were somewhere else in the apartment.  It was 
still dark.

I awoke again to breakfast in bed.  They were both in robes and serving 
me with a tray.  They were both giggling so much.  Kathleen leaned over 
and kissed me.  She ran her hand down to my cock too and held it a 
second.  Esther just grinned at us.

I ate breakfast and then I told them I had to get home.  I left Kathleen 
there at Esther's.  I got home and boy did I feel funny.  The whole 
thing was weird.  I felt like I was being pulled from the inside in 
different directions.  I didn't know what I wanted.  I called Kathleen 
that afternoon.  She was out and I didn't feel like leaving anything on 
her machine.  I tried her four more times, then I called Esther.  She 
answered right away.  I told her Kathleen was out and she said Kathleen 
was right there with her.  I told her I'd talk to Kathleen later and 
hung up.  After that I just lay in bed thinking.  What had I gotten 
myself into?

I just lay around all afternoon and evening, not even eating supper.  At 
10PM, the phone rang.  It was Esther.

"What's wrong?" she asked.

"Nothing," I replied.

"Listen . . . stay there," she said and hung up.  She showed up at my 
door 15 minutes later.  I had just opened the door and she pushed her 
way in.  I turned around and looked at her.

"She's in love with you," she said.  I didn't say anything.  "Have you 
ever eaten a woman?" she asked.

I almost said "Go to hell."  I don't know what was bothering me so much.  
I still stood there, mute.  She grabbed my hand and pulled me to the 
couch.  "We *did* it!" she said, in a conspiratorial voice, "Just like 
we planned from the beginning!"  Then "Let's celebrate!" and she went 
right for my zipper, unzipping my pants and pulling out my cock.  I 
backed away, scooting along the couch.  "No you don't!" she said and she 
put her mouth on my cock.  She worked at it and did her magic.  I stared 
at her.

She stopped.  She got up and whispered in my ear "Fuck my face.  Call me 
dirty names."  She was down again and bobbing her head again.  She 
stopped.  "Say 'whore'" she said.  I sat there and stared.  "Say it!" 
she insisted.  After a slight pause, she went back to work.

She stopped again.  She looked up at me.  Her expression was different- 
-she almost looked nervous.  "I'm your slut," she said.  She went back 
to work.  She grabbed my hands and put them on the sides of her head.

"Slut," I said quietly.  I immediately felt guilty.  But she started 
working all the harder.  I was getting harder.  I started moving, 
pushing into her mouth.  I held her head.  I could tell she wanted more 
of that.  Soon I was bucking--I couldn't believe I could be so rough 
with her!  Soon I was coming and she just kept at it the whole time.  
Then I was sitting there, exhausted.

She sat next to me.  "Remember, you have that any time you tell me to.  
My ass too."  She just sat there and leaned against me.  Finally she 
stood up and headed for the front door.  She turned at the door.  "She'd 
do that too, in a minute.  If you don't call her, she'll be over here 
tonight, begging for forgiveness."

I now spend just about all my time at Esther's.  So does Kathleen.  I 
eat them both and Kathleen screams and Esther sometimes passes out.  
Esther and Kathleen often show me little "performances" of Kathleen's.  
Esther calls it slave training.  Kathleen is definitely always looking 
for new ways to please me.  She's sucked me, but we haven't done it the 
way I did it with Esther that one time.  And I haven't done her rear but 
I know I will.
