Archive-name: Bondage/her.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Her


          Oh no.. That warm feeling that had been kept away so long,
          was rushing in and consuming me... Sinking into the whorl,
          warmness, wetness, heartbeat, wanting... I am lost in his
          captivating eyes.  He is too close.  I don't want him that
          close; if he kisses me, my legs are going to buckle...
          Breathless..  I can't! I can't..

          How did I come to this point in time? I had planned so
          carefully, held back so carefully..  deprived myself - so
          carefully...  so that my damned career... no don't think
          about it. I know I shouldn't have drank as much as I did at
          the company picnic, and I will be more careful, next year.
          It started so innocently at first.  A genuine interest in
          his department, small innocent quip here, another not so
          innocent, there, and ...

          He's kissing me, so gently, so tenderly... ahhhh...  They
          have all left, we are alone.. They won't miss us; they won't
          know.  They're home with their families now, tucking in
          their children, the extension of themselves, reading to
          them... No. I can't think of that either. Yes, they have
          their children, and husbands. I have my career.  But I want
          to be loved, oh, how I want to be loved.  I want to be
          crushed by a man, the scent of him on and within me. No! I
          can't...  There are so many reasons why I can't, especially
          with him..

          But his tongue is exploring my ear; I am becoming lost to
          the feeling... He kisses me a little stronger this time, his
          tongue is searching deaper, and now my eyes, my neck. (No
          not my neck! I'm lost.) My ears, lobes, back to my lips...
          He is so gentle, so caring..  I want him so much, I want to
          be loved so much, it hurts..

          Those hands... He has such strong hands, but they are gently
          holding my head, and now one slowly is caressing my back,
          and slipping down, down, down; the pressure slightly
          increasing, pressure that is bringing my body closer, ever
          closer. I can now feel his hardness next to me..  I need to
          be filled..  But he fills my mouth with his tongue and mine
          eagerly awaits with responsivness.  The feelings are all
          consuming, radiating from the wetness..  washing over me,
          taking over...  I'll do anything for fullfillment..  It's
          been so long; it's been so long....
          "I want you so much...", he whispers in my ear, so quietly I
          can barely hear him.

          My voice catches, "ohhhh..", I hear it say.  My breath
          quickens; I can't let him know how much, it might scare him;
          it scares me.  My leg's feel like they are going to buckle;
          I cling for support... but the support is not there; we
          slowly sink down not letting go, down on to the soft, sweet
          smelling grass, the darkness, and the passion..  The hand,
          that hand that has been holding our bodies so close, moves
          up my side as the kisses become stronger and deeper.. It
          moves slowly, oh too slowly, tantilizingly, closer, closer
          to my breast. Now, only now, its there, touching,
          surrounding, teasing my nipple, and the kisses are not
          enough, deep enough..  harder..  I can't breath; I need
          air... Gasping, my eyes open to see his, smiling down at me
          and I realize I have a smile on my lips to greet his...
          While the fingers of one hand run through my hair, I watch
          his eyes move down to my breasts and with the other hand, he
          starts to open the buttons to my blouse, slowly,
          deliberately, each one carefully.  I watch his face, his
          eyes, his reactions... I see the smile has faded, as has
          mine, and passion is mirrored in his face.  He lifts me up,
          looks deeply into my eyes for an instant, as if to ask my
          permission for what he is about to do, then removes my
          blouse slowly, carressing my shoulders, then each arm as he
          slowly moves it down them. Now kisses my neck, with his
          tougue, and slips down to the crevass in between my breasts,
          while his hands undo my bra...  ohhhh ...  and removes it to
          expose my naked breasts in the moonlight.. I tremble at the
          thought of him looking at my nakedness..

          "You're beautiful - I knew you would be this beautiful", he
          gasps, and I am back down with his head buried in my
          breasts, kissing each, bringing each up to meet him with his
          hands on either side of me, his tougue rounding each erect
          nipple and taking each into his mouth with more strength at
          each pull..

          I emerse myself in the feeling and then realize his elbow is
          pressing against my mound.  Hands, tongue, mouth, elbow..
          too much, not enough....  more.. I realize my wetness, my
          want, my cavity opening larger for fullfillment.. I can't
          wait any longer, it has been too long, the wait for this
          moment, I must have him deep in me now, our bodies thrusting
          against each other... now... I grab at my shorts and pull
          them down complete with my panties. I can't wait....

          He is still fully dressed!

          Pushing him over, I start to undress him.  First, golf
          shirt. I fumble with the belt; he helps me by undoing the
          button on his shorts.  But I push his hands away and unzip
          slowly, carefully, to protect him, and pull them down.  I
          take his shoes off, and remove his shorts.  I carefully lift
          the waistband of his underpants over his hard penis and
          remove them.

          My tongue, my hands, move up from the ankles, flicking up,
          around, and everywhere but not at his hardness. Up his
          torso, then the nipples, the neck, his ears, and he grabs me
          for a deep kiss. I push myself so close to him, rubbing my
          breasts against his chest and then, I extract myself, and go
          back down the way I came, carefully avoiding that soldier at
          and needing attention.  He moans as I miss the area again,
          and start on my downward movement.

          I become greatly aware of the slight breeze on the wetness,
          oh so wet, between my legs.  But I quickly dart upward and
          put his penis into my mouth and carress his testicles with
          my fingers. My tongue flickers at the tip, around the tip,
          and down to the bottom of his shaft, back up, around and
          then take him deep down my throat, back out, in, I can hear
          him moaning with each mouthful.  I suck on him faster,
          faster, "yes, yes, YES!", I hear him mumble.

          I realize he is close to coming and I don't know his
          capabilties! I must have him! Pulling him on me, I say,
          "Now, take me now!".

          And he covers me with the weight of his body, and, finally,
          he enters me.  At last, I am filled...  My hips move to meet
          him, he thrusts down hard upon me.  We are in perfect
          rhythm, meeting each other with greater force... I'm lost in
          it... The tension builds, explodes into my every being...
          Ohhhh.... it explodes again. I hear him mumble, "now, now,
          now", and I am risen to another heigth that is a strange,
          new, world.  My body is convulsing, and exploding...
          aaaahhhhhh....  and silented..

          And when reality returns, the quietness... my eyes open to
          his..  A light kiss, a smile, and a deep look into each
          others soul. We have touched a world that is precious. We
          hold each other with a certain reverence. The happiness...
          And dawning slowly into consciensness, comes the sound of a
          small bzzzzz bzzzzzzz bzzzzzz... A mosquito, my mind tries
          to tell me.  A mosquito! And in unison, "A mosquito?".  We
          descend into fits of hysterical laughter and thoughts of
          bites that we had never even given one thought to - my
          beutiful lover and I...

          In each others arms, we tumble over and over away from that
          sound but it follows, still follows... and then is quiet.
          He crawls from beneath me and says, "don't move.". Wack,
          right on my rump! Oh a strange feeling..  Womp, again. I
          moan.  It is not possible to be aroused again.. surely.

          "I got it.", he says in a mocking tone, "but just to make
          sure...", womp, womp, womp....  It doesn't hurt, but oh,
          what a strange feeling.. he senses it.
          "Ah, my little darling, it gives you pleasure, does it?".
          Womp.  This is getting somewhat frightening, but still my
          passions are aroused...  With one swift movement, he grabs
          my legs, twists me onto my back, and speads them wide.

          "This time, sweetheart, you are going to get fucked!".  I am
          shocked.  Nobody has dared talked to me like that before.
          And yet, I find to my utter surprise that I am becoming
          stimulated...

          This is insane! I try to put my knees together, but he holds
          them fast, "You are not going to hide that little cunt from
          me. I am going to look at you as long as I want.  Spread and
          stay spread!".

          I struggle to cover my nakedness but he holds firm.  "Looks
          like I have to punish you for not doing as you are told."
          and before I know it, I am turned over, pulled over his
          knees, and he spanks my bare bottom a little harder this
          time.

          "Please don't.", I beg.
          "Are you going to do as you are told, then?".

          I don't know quite what to say, most of me is horrified, and
          I am horrified to realize that part of me wants to be in his
          power.  Me! The one that always has control! But if I let
          him know THAT..... I am so confused at the thoughts
          revolving around in my head.

          Wack. "Yes!", I hear myself say.

          "You, my darling, will address me as your Master.  Now, are
          you going to do as you are told?".

          "Yes."

          "Yes, WHO?"

          "Yes, Master." I can't believe myself.

          "Alright, lay on your back and spread..."

          I do. I look at him and see that he has his hard long penis
          in his hand and is stroking it.  I am very aware of my
          nakedness before him.  My nipples are hard and I lay there
          with my all open to his view, thinking of how he penetrated
          me earlier, and hoping he will do it again, soon.  I am wet
          and wanton.  I am enjoying it...

          As he slowly strokes his penis, he asks, "Do you
          masterbate?".

          "What!"

          And quietly, very quietly, "I want you to masterbate while I
          watch."

          That's impossible! He can't ask me to THAT! And yet, again,
          I am stimulated at the thought!!

          "I...er ... I c-c-c-can't...".  I close my legs. I can't do
          that.  No, thats not true, I want to do it; I want to feel
          wicked but I don't want him to know it. No, that's not true
          either.  Oh, God, I don't know what I want.

          "Did you ask if you could close your legs? No! Spread!! I
          order you to masterbate in front of me.  It will amuse me."

          "I'm sorry," I say, "but I can't play your game anymore,
          I've had enough." but before I have a chance to get up, he
          is on me, kissing me, fondling my breast, then working down
          to my opening, and I am responding again.  I start moving my
          hips to invite him but just as suddenly, he stops, and once
          again is kneeling between my legs.

          He says very gently and quietly and with a knowing smile on
          his lips, "I thought you didn't want to play anymore?"

          Silence. Confusion.  Make me do it, I think. No, I can't. Oh
          God!

          "You are not leaving here until you masterbate for me... "
          and his hand grabs my legs and spread me wider.

          Oh... what do I do....

          "Masterbate, bitch! Now!", he says forcefully, and quickly I
          find my hand going to my breast, I squeeze it, and rub the
          hard nipple with my thumb. I do the same with the other, I
          lower one hand and rub my belly, around and around, deeper
          down, each time until I reach my hair.  My hand goes between
          my legs, and rubs the insides of my thighs.

          His hands release my legs and I leave them wide open. I look
          at him and he is watching, rubbing his penis slowly.  He
          gives a little knowing smile. I spread my lower lips and
          find my hot dry clitorus. My middle finger dips into my well
          for wetness, and goes back to my clit., while my two other
          fingers stimulate the vulvar. And I continue with my other
          hand and thumb to stimulate my breasts and nipples.  My eyes
          close, and I am even more aroused, knowing that he is
          watching one of my most initimate secrets.  I dip into my
          well, again, and press harder on my joy button, rubbing
          around and around.  I want to be filled.

          "Now!" I whisper, "Do it to me now." and my arms invite
          him.

          "No." My eye's open with a start.

          "You will masterbate for me! You will masterbate until you
          come! You'll get fucked again only if *I* feel like it.  Do
          it, or I'll be forced to punished you."

          Maybe he won't be able to resist me if I try a bit harder,
          and I find myself moving my torso, up and down, more
          inviting, as I work on my clit.

          "Yes" he says "yes...  move..."

          I continue with abandon, loosing myself in feeling, and move
          my groin, remembering him in me before, and almost forget he
          is there, watching, enjoying my display for him.

          "It will be too late soon, Master.", I mutter, "I am close
          to coming..., ....  Master?".

          Silence.  He doesn't mount me... And then, the explosion...
          "I'm coming, Master, I'm coming....".

          My passion is once again spent. What have I done?! I try to
          cover my nakedness by closing my legs and covering my
          breasts with my arms.

          "Oh, no little one, you are not closing up on me now.
          Spread!"

          I just want to curl up and hide. I didn't do that! I
          didn't!

          But his voice is again threatening, "Spread those legs,
          woman, and put your arms back over your head! Your Master
          will have HIS way with you now. Or I will have to punish you
          again, but this time I won't be so gentle."

          And once again, without him touching me, I am there for him
          to see, spread-eagled, vulnerable, and liking it.  He grabs
          my breast savagely, then he goes down on me, licks me
          between my legs, and nibbles me, and sucks me, and pushes
          his oh so small tongue, as deep as it will go, and gives me
          new feelings of wantonness. I want something larger than a
          tongue inside, me, and yet it continues.  I am going crazy.
          I want him to stop; I want him to not stop! I want his prick
          in my cunt. I want him mounting me and fucking me. I want
          him.  And yet he continues with that torturing tongue.

          "No more! Please no more! Do it, oh please do it!!!"

          I try in vain to get away from that tongue but his hands
          have my legs fast.  Silence and the torture continues.  I'm
          going wild with lust. I grab his hair to try and pull him
          away, "Please, please.... no more, I'm going crazy, I want
          you, I want you."

          More silence and more torture...  "I can't take any more,
          please, MASTER!"

          "Now I hear you," he mumbles still licking me, "So what is
          the slave's request?"

          "I can't stand it anymore, Master, I must have you!"

          "You MUST HAVE ME? Not a proper request from a slave..." he
          raises his head just enough for me to see a smile, still
          holding my legs apart and then the torture is resumed...

          "Please Master, I request that you make love to me."

          "Better, but I have no intention of 'making love to you'.
          Turn over, I want your arse in the air, and I am going to
          fuck you like the bitch you are...".
          Oh, what is happening, will he ever be satisfied.....  WILL
          I?!! I have fantised of this, but now that it is really
          happening..  How can he read me so well, better then I can
          myself, even...  And I turn over, raise myself to my knees;
          my head is in the grass; my bare rump is anticipating...
          waiting....  Nothing.

          "What is wrong, Master?"

          Womp! "Open your legs, slut, how can I be expected to fuck
          you with them together.  And beg for what you want!"

          I slowly spread my knees apart and wiggled my back side in
          invitation.  I want it, I want it so bad.  I wait...

          "Please...", nothing..  "Please, Master, please fuck me, I
          beg of you, fuck me..."

          "A fitting position for you, madam President..."

          I wait.. I think how I must look...  please.. I am mortified
          at my passion, but can't stop.. please..
          At last, his hand searches for my opening, and guides his
          prick to the door.

          "My you have a wet little cunt just ready for me.  You have
          done well, slave.  You really want it again, don't you? And
          I'm the one that is going to give it to you, and you'll
          never ever forget it or me." and with that he thrusts into
          me with a painful strength.

          "Take this.." thrust, "and this..." harder, and I hold
          myself firm against him so that he can go deeper, and
          deeper.

          "Yes", "yes", "yes" I moan with each penetration, harder and
          faster, invading me so completely. And I hear myself saying,
          "Thank you Master, thank you...." as each trust brings me
          higher.  And then, I explode, and it doesn't stop...  on and
          on...  Warmth spreading from the centre to every part of my
          body. I think I will never stop..  but it does.  And then we
          colapse....  each's persperation miggled with the others...
          And we roll over and reach for each other with smiles that
          cannot be contained...
          I feel wonderful. He is wonderful; that lovely smile beaming
          at me. The night is ringing with happiness.  The crickets
          are in chorus at the pure joy of living. He's pushing my
          damp hair from my eyes with such tenderness.

          "I love you...", I say, "I love.." and his hand clamps over
          my mouth.

          "No you don't, Tracy." I try to protest, but he continues,
          "You just love what has happened between us."

          Again, I shake my head and try to speak. "Don't", he says
          gently, "don't do this to me or yourself.  It just happened.
          We live in two different worlds you and I. And I won't fool
          myself, you would tire of me quite soon.  You are ambitious;
          I'm not. You have intelligence that I wish I had.  I have
          watched you grow. I have watched your career.  But that's
          not what I want out of life. I am happy the way I am.  You
          would begin to resent me and my ways." I try again... "No!
          Let me finish..."

          "Tracy, I have just shown you that there is another side to
          you. A side, I believe, you have forgotton in your
          single-mindedness. Tomorrow, you will continue with your
          life as it was.  You are the President and I keep your
          shipping department running smoothly."

          "Couldn't we just try for awhile.", I plead, but something
          in my voice doesn't ring true, as I realize that what he is
          saying is probably true.

          "I want to remember this night the way it is now.", he
          continues, "We had something special, you and I...  And I
          want you to remember me with fondness, also."

          He strokes my hair, my cheek, my neck.  I close my eyes to
          check the tears.

          "Beautiful Tracy", and he kisses my wet eyes.  "Tomorrow is
          another day...  You'll be strong as you usually are."

          I nod. Oh yes, I will be strong.  I'm always the one that
          has to be strong and, at this moment, I am sick to death
          with being strong. "Dammit, dammit, dammit".

          "Shhhh", and he holds me tight, and I cling to him, and
          don't ever want to leave this moment.

          We stay that way for a long time until my panic subsides. I
          take a deep breath and release him. We look into each
          other's eyes, and smile.

          "Atta, girl".  His eyes are glistening in the moonlight. He
          makes a quick move to rub his eyes, and continues as if to
          waft away a bug.

          "Tracy", he chokes, and clears his throat, "you won't have
          to worry about me telling anyone.  This our secret, I
          promise."

          I nod. I can't speak. There is such a lump in my throat.

          "And you won't forget tonight...", he says, brushing my
          cheek with his hand.  "You will always remember that this
          night you became a passionate woman. If the going gets tough
          for you, you will remember.

          I throw my arms around him, and we hold each other tight. He
          kisses me gently, and then holds me close again. So many
          feelings, so many words, to be left unsaid. And then he
          pushes me away...

          "Its time to go.", he says. And silently we extract our
          clothes from the pile, and dress, something dying in both of
          us.

           He was right, of course, I didn't forget. How could I ever
          forget. But life returned to normal, as perspectives change
          in the light of day.  The strength was there as both he and
          I knew it would be.

          I saw him once, about six months later.  He was still
          working in the shipping department and I in the "ivory
          tower" as they used to call it; we might have been on
          different planets for those intervening months. Blaise, my
          Vice-president, and I were consulting on a shipment to a new
          client.  The product was quite valuable and a little tricky
          to ship; this one had to be watched; nothing could go
          wrong.

          And I managed, after an univited flash-back and a covered
          flush to my cheeks, to sound quite intelligent, I believe.
          When I looked up, over Blaise' shoulder, our eyes met again.
          So many unsaid words and feelings were flashed back and
          forth in that one small moment. And then, with a smile, he
          lifted his hand in a thumbs-up sign, and mouthed, "Atta
          girl". I stiffled a laugh. Blaise looked at me as if I had
          gone mad. I signed a thumbs-up back at him, and then laughed
          out loud.

          "This is not funny, Tracy!", Blaise said, and turned around
          as he realized I was not reacting to him. But by that time
          nobody was looking our way.

          "I know. I know.", I muttered, "Sorry, Blaise. Now as you
          were saying...."

--
