Archive-name: 3plus/heridea.txt
Archive-author: Max Troy
Archive-title: It Was Her Idea!


        My wife and I have enjoyed pleasing each other in various ways, some
   fairly kinky and others pretty crazy.  But nothing beat what we did just
   about two months ago.   
        Kim has this "thing" about doing it public, or semi-public places. It
   excites her madly, and she stays horny until we get home and fuck like a
   pair of rabbits.  We've never been caught, Kim's not stupid, but we've had
   a few close calls.  There was a time once, when Kim and I were at a nice
   restaurant, and she came back from the ladies room with a sexy smile. When
   she sat next to me in the back corner booth, she put my hand under her
   skirt so I could feel that she'd taken her panties off!  Instant hard-on!
   All through dinner my left hand and fingers toyed with her twat under the
   table. Fortuately, she had worn her long coat, since there was a large wet
   spot on the back of her dress.  When I turned down our street coming home,
   Kim began to strip, and she was totally nude when the garage door came
   down behind us.  We fucked like crazy teenagers in the backseat, and Kim
   came with long heaving jerks.   
        Kim likes a hot, lusty fuck first, and then after a brief rest, a
   second round, but slower, with love and affection.  She says that once the
   animal desires are taken care of, she can concentrate better on giving to
   me.  I've never complained either way! 
        A few months ago, we discovered an adult bookstore near our house,
   and late one night we went in to check it out.  The clerk eyed Kim and me,
   and we browsed the magazines. There were only two other guys in the store,
   and no women.  For some reason, women don't seem to enter these stores too
   often (I wonder why?).  Kim asked me to buy her a magazine, one with a
   three-some, two girls and a guy. When she looked at the counter and saw
   all the "marital aids" (we call 'em toys), she had to look at a few.  She
   pleaded with me to buy her one, and after a few moments I picked the one
   she wanted, but I decided to make it fun and I got the one in the box
   marked "super deluxe kit with impossible to imagine attachments" (or
   something like that).  Then Kim saw the entrace to the peep show booths.
   We had to explore this too. There were about twenty stalls, each with its
   own movie being shown.  Three were gay films, a few were really kinky B&D
   or S&M type stuff.  Most were fuck and suck films. Kim asked if we could
   see one, and I looked out front to check the clerk. He was busy reading so
   we entered on of the stalls.  
        In the darkness we found the dimly lit slot for the quarters. I put
   about four into the machine and the movie came on, being projected against
   the wall near the door of the booth.  These booths were large squares,
   with wooden walls and doors that reached the floor.  There was a small
   bench to sit on, and the projector was in the back wall through a small
   window.  
        On the wall, some girl's spread cunt was showing, with a thick cock
   moving in and out of her.  A few seconds later, the camera pulled back to
   show her floppy tits wobbling as she bounced on the guys cock.  Kim
   watched it, and the guy pulled out, cumming on the girl's twat.  She then
   rubbed his cum into her crotch, then licked her fingers, smiling into the
   camera.   The money ran out as the girl was in a new scene with another
   girl, kissing and undressing.  I fumbled for some quarters, and Kim handed
   me about two dollars worth.  When the screen lit up, I could see Kim
   smiling one of her more mischeivious grins.  The two girls began playing
   around, sucking each other's pussies, tits, and kissing.  Kim and I were
   still standing, and she reached over to stroke my hard cock through my
   pants.  I cupped her ass through her slacks, and then stepped behind her.
   She stepped forward, her foot sliding in the slippery stuff on the floor
   from the previous patrons.  Kim lit her lighter, looking down at the slick
   floor. Thick splotches glistened and there were some larger areas that
   looked soaked.  She put the lighter away, then leaned back so I could hold
   her and play with her tits. We watched the lesbian scene until the money
   ran out.  Kim kissed me and we left, going home to finish off our excited
   hormones and play with her new toys.  
        After a rousingly hot fuck, Kim asked me if what she had slipped in
   was what what she thought it was.  I said yes, and she wriggled all over.
   I asked her if that excited her and she said yes.  For us, seeing a porno
   movie was nothing new.  Her favorite was Behind the Green Door, and we had
   several tapes, including that one.  Kim had confessed some time ago that
   she'd experimented with other women for a time, enjoyed it, but preferred
   men.  What had really excited her, she said, was slipping on that wet
   floor. She'd never seen so much cum in one place before.  Several days
   after our excursion to the bookstore, I came home from work to find Kim
   sitting with one of her friends, Gayle, and they were both giggling
   excitedly.   
        Before dinner, Kim explained that Gayle and her had shared her
   boyfriend once and she asked if I would mind if she shared me with Gayle!
   I looked Gayle over, brunette, nice large tits, shapely legs and ass,
   steel grey eyes, a pretty face, and a sensual mouth.  I said no.  No--as
   in "Shit no I don't mind! That's a pretty stupid question isn't it!?" 
        This turned out to be part of Kim's plan.  We ended up in bed, a nice
   friendly group-grope, and I got to watch Kim get sucked off by Gayle,
   while I sucked Gayle!  I came in Gayle's very tight twat, and Kim licked
   her afterwards, bringing her off again.  Gayle actually urged Kim to tell
   me about her fantasy, and Kim was very shy about it.  
        "You know the movie booths in the dirty bookstore?" Kim started. I
   nodded, but she was continuing anyway. "I want to get completely naked on
   the floor and eat Gayle's pussy while you stand there and cum all over us
   both, like you're watching us in one of those movies."  
        I was hard all over again!  Gayle said it looked like I liked the
   idea.  Actually, I did, and I didn't.  It sounded very erotic, even slutty
   as hell. I remarked about the floor. "That's the best part." Kim said. "I
   want to feel all that cum on my belly, on my tits and all over Gayle's
   butt too."  I was so hard that Gayle began sucking my cock while Kim
   sucked one of her large nipples.  I spurted like a hose in Gayles' mouth,
   and she sloppily kissed Kim, making her chase and lick it off her chin.
   Now I knew how horny they'd be, and what kind of rewards I'd get!!  
        It took several weeks of casual stops at that bookstore.  I tried
   several times of day, and different days of the week. I found that some of
   the booths had TVs with movies on different channels, but these were
   smaller, cramped booths.  The best part about the TV booths was that they
   had sound, which would cover Kim's or Gayle's moans.  I finally figured
   out when, and how and told Kim about it.   
        The bookstore changed all of the movies on Wednesday morning, so our
   best time was Tuesday night, after eleven, when things were slow.  I had
   to explain to her that there were signs (she hadn't seen them) that
   declared only one person to a booth was permitted, so we'd have to be very
   discrete.  I outlined our plan for getting in and out, and even what she
   and Gayle should wear to make things easy.  I planned like an Army General
   to make this work. Everything except what the girls were going to do.  
        We rode down in our car, Gayle in front with me and Kim being very
   excited in the back seat.  Gayle was too, and for that matter so was I. It
   was difficult to keep my cock soft, so I wouldn't walk with a limp!  When
   we got to the bookstore, I parked near the side of the building, near a
   side door.  I knew that the door opened from the booth area without any
   alarms, having left that way several times.   
        We went in and browsed around quietly. The clerk was an older man
   with thick glasses who seemed more interested in his newspaper than us. We
   slipped into the back and found the booth we wanted, moving slowly down
   the line of booths as if we were looking at the movie placards on each
   one.  We got to "our" booth.  It was occupied!   
        Plan B: We kept moving around the booths, and sure enough, the door
   opened on our booth and a man left, head down, but glancing at us anyhow.
   He went out front, and the three of us slipped into the booth quietly. So
   far so good.  Earlier I had put a long screw into the back wall, up high,
   for this moment.  Kim and Gayle were nervous as I locked the door. I put
   about five dollars in quarters into the machine.  I realized that I'd
   never even bothered to look at the movie title before we entered!  The
   movie flickered on, and in the background someone had started one of the
   TVs, and we could hear the sounds of a porno tape running. Kim slipped her
   one piece knit dress over her head, revealing her completely nude body
   underneath. Gayle removed her dress, and her top, showing her tits slung
   in their bra. I had my shirt half unbuttoned when Kim whispered that I
   should only open my pants, not undress.  
        Kim removed Gayle's bra, putting into her purse which hung on the
   screw with her clothes.  Only their shoes were left, and they would keep
   those on.  In the dim, slightly reddish light from the movie, I watched
   Kim and Gayle embrace and kiss.  My hand was stroking my cock, eyes glued
   to them, the movie all but forgotten.  
        Kim's hand cupped Gayle's twat while they kissed. Gayle pulled on
   Kim's nipples, making her cone-shaped tits stretch.  Kim pulled Gayle down
   to the floor, and Gayle sat down, her ass on the cold floor, legs wide.
   Kim slid down and lay between her legs, pressing her creamy white flesh
   against the slippery, cum-covered floor. I watched with growing lust as
   Kim licked and sucked Gayle's cunt, writhing in the cum on the floor.
   Gayle's ass slipped and slid in it, and her hips were rocking up and down
   quickly. It was quite a sight, one I'll never forget!  Kim hungrily sucked
   Gayle's cuntlips, rubbing her face in her friend's squishing cunt.  I
   could hear the really wet noises as Gayle neared her climax.  I didn't
   want to shoot already so I slowed down and looked at the screen. Big
   Mistake!! 
        On the screen was a platinum blonde looking up from just getting a
   mouthful of sperm. She smiled up at the guy, and then let his thick,
   copious jism drool down and drip from her chin. I stopped jacking off,
   trying to slow down.  I looked up at the screen again, and saw a different
   girl sucking a large cock.  Somewhat better, I thought.  I looked at the
   girls on the floor, and Gayle was clenching her tits, her ass up and
   shaking, cumming hard in Kim's mouth.  I looked at the screen to see the
   girl pull the cock out and let him shoot all over her gleeful smile, and
   then a second, unseen man, began drenching her tits.  And she was loving
   every bit of it!
        My balls tightened, and I knew I was going to have to cum very soon.
   I moved and stood above Gayle's head.  Kim looked up at me, lolled her
   head to the side and opened wide, shoving her tongue deep inside Gayle's
   slippery slit. Gayle gasped, opening her mouth wide.  My body trembled and
   I crouched down, pointing my cock at Gayle's tits.  Thick, hot, white
   sperm shot out, hitting her tits and neck.  She cupped her tits, and I
   pressed the head of my cock against her right nipple, spewing a thick
   stream down her tit like chocolate syrup on a mound of ice cream.  
        Still spurting I moved and pumped the last squirt and few drops into
   Gayle's wide open mouth.  I reached down and grabbed Kim's blonde hair,
   pulling her up from Gayle's cunt.  Even in the dim light her chest and
   stomach glistened and I led her to Gayle's soaked tit.  Kim licked and
   lapped my cum off, pressing her face deep between Gayle's large, spermy
   tits.  I sat back, and watched them kiss and rub sperm all over each
   other's bodies.  The movie showed two girls kissing while a man came all
   over their faces and tongues. "How appropriate" I thought. 
        Kim reached out and grabbed my cock and pulled me to her lips. In one
   swift motion she gulped me down to the short hairs, moaning softly. When
   she lifted her mouth off my cock she looked up at me with my prick rubbing
   the side of her face. "Fuck my ass." She said softly. "I want you to cum
   in my ass."  With that, she slid down onto the floor again, arching her
   butt into the air and began finger-fucking Gayle while sucking her clit
   again.  
        I moved around behind Kim and unfastened my pants. Her succulent
   round ass swaying in front of me filled me with lusty desires. Gayle was
   spreading my sperm over her tits and squeezing them hard.  I plunged my
   cock deep into Kim's sopping wet cunt and she uttered a low growling moan
   into Gayle's twat.  After working my cock in her slippery snatch, I pulled
   out and pressed it to her asshole.  Kim backed herself onto my cock in a
   slow, steady push.  She was so incredibly tight!   
        Kim backed up until I was buried between her buns, her asshole pulsed
   around me. I began to move slowly, and forced her hips to the slippery
   floor. Pressing hard and driving deep into her small round butt, I began
   to fuck her with long, lusty strokes.  Apparently this wasn't lost on
   Gayle, as she raised her legs high then grabbed Kim's blonde hair and
   pushed her face hard against her cunt.  Kim sucked noisily, and I wished
   for sound to cover her slurping sucking.  Gayle's legs shook and her big
   tits wobbled as Kim brought her to another orgasm. I began pounding hard  
   into Kim's butt, pressing her down on the floor. Kim's moans were getting
   louder, and I worried that we'd be discovered. Gayle came to the rescue,
   shoving three fingers into her cunt and then feeding Kim her slippery
   juices.  
        I leaned over Kim's back, full of deep, nasty lust, wanting to jam my
   cock up her ass until she screamed.  "Cum you slut. Cum with me." I said
   in a far-away voice. "Make me fill your ass with cum."  Kim cried out, a
   high pitched, frantic noise, almost a squeal. Her butt slammed up against
   my cock and she began shaking her ass.  I slammed home, shooting my sperm
   into her butt. About halfway through my orgasm, Kim jerked away, pulling
   me out of her asshole.  I shot a few more spurts into the crack of her ass
   and onto her back before I finished.  Sweating and breathless, I moved
   back to the bench seat.   
      Kim sat on her knees, glistening, her tits like firm, cone-shaped
   mounds. She looked at me, running her hands all over her belly,tits, and
   her crotch, then all over Gayle's belly, tits and crotch.   
        Gayle stood and opened her large purse, pulling out a pair of small
   towels we'd brought for them to clean up with.  They patted themselves
   dry, and then began to dress.  Kim slipped her only garmet on, her knit
   dress that clung to her sexy form, before grabbing my cock and squeezing
   it. Gayle dressed, leaving her bra in the purse. Her tits were slightly
   wet still, and made darker spots in the light grey of the blouse.  I
   listened at the door, then we walked out, heading straight for the side
   door.  I stopped, and looked at the title of the movie I'd just missed.
   The title was "Best of Cum #8".  Yes, it certainly was!
     
        We walked quickly to the car and the girls hopped in the back. I
   drove home, listening to them laugh and giggle about how slutty that was,
   and how naughty, wicked, and incredibly erotic it was too.  
        "Didja see Gayle cum?" Kim asked me. "I thought you'd break my neck
   when you wrapped your legs around my head!" 
        "Did you see him cumming all over my tits?" Gayle asked. "He damn
   near drowned me in all his jism!" 
        "Well, he certainly gave me a good ass full too!" Kim snickered.
        Back at our place, we went in and the girls immediately stripped,
   then headed for the shower.  I joined them about ten minutes later, and
   saw that Kim was sitting with her legs wide, and Gayle sucking her cunt.
   Kim's razor was on the soap dish, not in the shampoo tray.  Gayle looked
   up and smiled, and Kim looked at me with a lusty look.  
        "Ohh, suck my cunt!" Kim said, her spread legs showing me her
   completely shaved pussy!!  I dove in, lapping her slippery wet cunt and
   the slippery skin all around her love hole.  Gayle let Kim suck her tits,
   and then she sucked on Kim's.   
        Gayle's pussy was already trimmed and neat, and I made her stand so I
   could lick her.  Then we all went to bed after our shower.  Kim, her hair
   wet, sat with her chest an inch above my cock.  
        "Cum on my tits like you came on Gayle's." Kim said. "I loved it when
   you lost control and called me a slut. I want to be your hot little slut.
   I love the feel of your cum all over me." 
        I grabbed her and turned her around, shoving my cock up her cunt from
   behind and pounding her hard. Gayle watched for a bit, then went into the
   bathroom. She came back, her tits and stomach glistening with baby oil.
   Gayle slipped in under Kim, her tits wobbling.  She pulled Kim down,
   kissing her hard.  Kim pressed her cunt to Gayle's and Gayle pushed back.
   Gayle's legs were wrapped around Kim's waist, and almost in my face.  I
   found out why she used the baby oil. 
        "Yesss," Gayle hissed with a deep, lusty voice. "Rub your slutty body
   in all this cum. Cover your naked body with this slippery cum. Rub it all
   over us!" 
        The oil felt like the cum had earlier Kim told me later. Kim began
   moaning and thrusting back against my cock.  She would then press hard on
   top of Gayle, sliding her whole body against Gayle's slippery skin. I
   moved and pulled out, sliding my cock deep into Gayle's wet cunt.  She
   sucked one of Kim's slippery tits hard. Then I moved back to Kim.  
        "Yessss." Gayle hissed again. "Fuck your slut. Fill her full of cum.
   Cum all over her, all over us.  Cum in her mouth, cum in her pussy. Cum up
   her tight asshole."
        "Oh - yes!" Kim said. "Cum - in - my - ass!  Butt-fuck me!"
        I needed no further instructions.  I pulled her back and pressed
   against her asshole, watching her open up to accept me.  Kim thrust back,
   suddenly and violently.  
        "Ohhhhh, FUCK!" She cried. "Fuck me! Grab my ass and FUCK IT!"
        Kim's body lurched and jerked, her movements impaling her asshole on
   my cock.  I reached up on top of the waterbed's headboard and grabbed her
   favorite vibrators.  I pushed one up Gayle's cunt, then the other into
   Kim's tight tunnel.  Both girls were packed and I switched them on.  Kim
   let out a long wail and came, her tight ass bringing me along with her. I
   must have pumped two gallons of sperm up her tight ass!  
        I felt exhausted onto the bed, leaving the girls to play.  When I
   awoke the next morning, Gayle served me coffee in bed, sitting next to me
   naked of course.  She asked if I wanted a nice snack, then shoved a tit to
   my lips.  I could taste Kim's cunt juice on her nipple, and licked it
   eagerly.  Gayle smiled and then showered while Kim sucked me off. I
   watched Kim smile, holding my cum.  Gayle stepped out and Kim kissed her.
   They made a big show of swallowing my sperm before Kim showered.  She came
   out, her bare cunt looking inviting, so I knelt before her beautiful twat
   and sucked and licked her off.   
        Somehow we all made it to work, nearly on time.  We didn't get a lot
   of work done that day, but Kim and I did get very sweaty later that night! 
   And that my friends is what you get when your girlfriend says "Would you
   mind....?" and you agree too quickly.  Hmmmmm.  
    
   MT 
    

