Archive-name: Bondage/hethtext.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: A Little Soft Porn


If the truth were known, I would never keep this diary unless I believed
it would become a meaningful chronology.

But I am committed to this project now.  I am intent upon making Heather
into my fantasy lover.

Her mouth is full and her lips are meant to be kissed and tasted.
It amazes me when I think of how sexually expressive her mouth is.
Her lips glisten with temptation as if they were primarily used to
be kissed and only secondarily to form words.  They express a life of
their own when she speaks.  Her gentle words trickle out between them,
given meaning by the expression her lips form as she speaks.  The flash
of her pink tongue as she runs it over her bottom lip is just another
erotic invitation to taste them.  Her words are given an additional
softness by their texture.

I was lost in these thoughts when somewhere in the distance I thought
I heard my name.

"Michael?"

By the time she spoke it a third time, I shook my head clear and returned
to the hotel room.  I must have looked like a kid who had been caught
with his hand in the cookie jar.

Heather laughed her silly little laugh and asked what took me away on
such a long journey into myself.  I took her hand and returned a smile and
asked her if she were sure she wanted to know.  She shook her head yes.

I do not believe I will ever forget the look on her face as I spilled
out the feelings inside of me.  I was about to take a step forward that
would change our lives for "better or for worse".

"Heather, I am not sure how to express all that I feel right now.  I will
try, but you have to forgive me if it sounds a bit jumbled.  I love you,
love you so much that it hurts me to know that we are predictable and
boring," I began.

Heather lowered her eyes and I knew that she was feeling the same thing.

"I am taking a chance too, on.  Look, tell me you can't set your watch
by our sexual routine.  I don't mean that it isn't pleasurable, but it
is predictable," she said.

I couldn't help but laugh.

To lighten up the conversation, I continued as if I were a clinical
sex therapist:

"Kiss her mouth...  there, that's it! Ummmmmm...  nice lips.  Now it is
time to nibble on her neck and fondle the right breast.  Keep checking
those nipples and see if she is getting hot!  Now for a quick feel
between her legs...  nope, not wet yet!"

 By now both of us were laughing at ourselves.

"Seriously, Heather, can you see it, or is it just me?"

"No, it isn't just you.  I have had the same thoughts," she agreed.

"Well," I continued, "I want to do something about it.  I want to refocus
our lives on us."

I looked up to see her following my every word and did not have to ask
her if she agreed.

"The problem is simple to define.  I have abdicated my position to
circumstances.  I have not been strong for you.  I intend to change
that, Heather.  I want you to agree to one thing only, ok?" I asked.

"Sure, Michael.  What is it?"  Heather looked into my eyes.

"I want you to become totally submissive to me.  I want you to follow
my lead.  I know this sounds weird and by today's standards even abnormal,
but I can promise you that you will not regret it for one moment."

"I don't understand this at all.  What do I do?"

"Not a thing, on.  Just follow my lead."

When I was through, Heather's eyes were sparkling with moisture and
a radiance that signaled that I had touched her innermost being wrote
itself all over her face.  It was a dream come true for her too.  I was
not alone in my feelings, Heather was right there in the midst of them.

Yes, I am sure now that there is much undiscovered love planted deeply
inside both of us.  I am going to bring it out in the open.  Heather and I
will find a newness and joy unrivaled even by the delight of our earlier
discovery of each other.

I took time today to send flowers to Heather.  A simple note was attached
to them, reading:

     Dearest Heather:

     Please be ready to go out to dinner tonight at 6 pm.

     Love, Michael

I wonder if she has them yet?

Heather looked beautiful when I arrived home that night.  She greeted
me at the door and I dropped my briefcase in the hall.

I opened the passenger door for her before going to my side.  Funny how
a little thing like that politeness had slipped away from me.  I got
into the car and put the keys into the ignition.  Instead of starting
the car, I looked into her eyes and told her how beautiful she was.
I wanted her to feel sexy and desirable.

"Heather, your breasts are beautiful," I said, and slid a hand under
her blouse to caress one of them.  She was startled, but pressed against
my hand.

"When we get home, I want to make love to you, Heather.  I want to feel
your warm body against mine.  I love you, "I said as I moved away from
her to drive us to dinner.  Heather just blushed and made a silly joke.
It was her way of telling me that she was glad I liked them, but she
didn't believe it.

The rest of the evening was spent making small talk and flashing knowing
smiles between us.  Several times during the evening, I caught her
off guard by expressing some overtly sexual thought out loud and out
of context.  When we got home, Heather was not prepared for what happened.

Turning out the headlights of the car, I slid over to her and without
saying a word, reached under her skirt and began to slide her panties off.
She began to protest, but I looked sternly at her and told her to be
quiet.  She didn't say another word as I continued to remove her panties.

I slid my hand between her legs to feel that she was more then a bit
ready to make love.  I covered her mouth with mine and drank deeply of
her mounting passion.  I waited until we were both unable to contain
our desire and stopped.

I opened the door to the car and led her to the house.  At the front door,
I pinned her against the house and lifted her dress to her thighs as I
kissed her again.  I let my hand find her moist warmth and slid it over
the silkiness of her sex as we kissed passionately once more.

"Michael, the neighbors!"

"Shhhhhh," was my only reply as I continued to explore her wetness with
my hand.

I could hear aroused excitement in her breath.  She was kissing
passionately and moving her body against mine now.

"I want to be inside you, Heather.  I want to feel your warmth around me,
to feel the slipperiness of your pussy."

"Mmmmmmmmm, yes, Michael.  I want you inside me too"

I pushed her hand to the obvious bulge in my pants and bit her neck as
she began a soft rhythmical stroking motion.  I had to stop her before
I came.  I was out of control now.  Stepping back slightly, I undid her
blouse and unhooked her bra.  Lowering my mouth to her breast, I felt
her press backwards into the corner.  Her hands found the sides of my
head as she moved her torso, forcing my lips and tongue to bathe the
soft mound of flesh that I loved to fondle.

Heather no longer had mastery over her thoughts or body.  I dropped
to my knees and her hand went to her breast and continued to tease its
swollen and sensitive nipple.  She gathered her skirt in her other hand
and threw her hips forward, spreading her legs and giving me access
to her warmth.  As I tasted her musky sweetness, I heard her utter
involuntary, animal-like noises.  Heather was whining her excitement
now as I teased her velvety moisture with the tip of my tongue.

I looked up to her face and saw her chewing the back of her hand to try to
silence her growing ardor.  Her eyes were shut and her expression spoke
of uncontrolled pleasure.  Heather was coming now.  Unable any longer
to prevent her squeals of delight, or control the gyration of her hips,
she was caught in the rapture of the moment.  Her entire body stiffened
suddenly as bolts of pleasure shot through her lower body.  I could feel
muscles reacting to the detonation of thousands of nerve endings.

Ripples of satisfaction crashed through her body and communicated the
intensity to me.  I heard her gasping as I continued to force her into
one orgasm after another.  I found myself caught up in her passion
unable to stop until she relaxed and slid gently down to replace one
set of lips with the other.

We went into the house and somehow made it to the bedroom and made
love on our bed.  Not another word was spoken, our bodies said all that
was necessary.


 - Early Morning, the Following Day -

Heather is always up before me.  I heard Heather as she came back upstairs
and took her morning bath.  I got up and showered quickly and went to
her bathroom and walked in on her.  She was startled.  I went to her
and took the washcloth and gently began to wash her body.  I asked her
not to talk and told her to express herself with her body, not words.
I made her stand up and told her to close her eyes and think only about
the sensations she felt.

I used a soap-covered hand to caress her breasts.  The silkiness of
their pliability as they slid underneath my touch caused me to become
instantly erect and my desire to enter her grew with each passing moment.
I saw her tongue dart out to lick her lips as my hand glided over her
belly to the downy patch of pubic hair.  Her breath came in short panting
gasps as my hand slid between her legs and caressed her.

I then took a plastic tumbler and adjusted the water to be slightly hot.
Filling the glass I poured it over each shoulder and watched it as
it ran over her breasts and caused the soap to glide down her body,
tracing the feminine lines of her curves.  I washed the soap away from
between her legs and kissed her softly.  Her breath hissed as my tongue
caressed the tiny pink button of flesh that peeked out from between the
soft folds between her legs.

I then dried her off and pulled a red tee-shirt over her head.  It clung
to her, accentuating her full breasts.  The erect nipples pushing against
the material brought on more erotic thoughts.  The tee-shirt came
to the tops of her thighs, barely covering her nakedness underneath.
Each movement showed a flash of her silky pubic hair or the space at
the top of her thighs just below the roundness of her full buttocks.

I hugged her to me and told her to go downstairs and fix breakfast
for us.  Her eyes begged for a romp in the bedroom, but she obeyed me
without question.

I followed her down the stairs and watched with amusement as Heather
discovered that the tee-shirt was not going to stay in place.  It kept
riding up on her, exposing her from the waist down.  She blushed and
made childish giggling noises along with some silly remark.  I grabbed
her and spun her around.

"Heather, I am not going to tolerate your silly coverup for your shyness.
I love your body.  I want it on display to me whenever I desire.  It is
not your place to ruin what is erotic and beautiful with silliness."

I gave Heather a slap on her naked rear to emphasize my seriousness,
then kissed her.

Heather tried her best to act natural while making our breakfast, but her
awareness of her nakedness and my eyes on her body made it difficult for
her.  Each time she approached me I emphasized her forced exhibitionism
by touching her lower body.  She seemed unsure of how to act.  She was
not comfortable with her exposure because she did not believe in her
sexiness and somehow felt silly.

I discovered something that was to become central in my desire to dominate
Heather; I must find ways to transmit my feelings to her.  Heather must
feel what I feel, it was up to me to make her feel sensual and erotic.
She would get beyond her own feelings only when she understood mine.

She sat across from me now as we ate breakfast together.  She felt better
now that her nakedness was hidden by the table.  I stared at her for
the longest time and asked her why she felt silly.

"I don't know," she replied truthfully, for I believe that she truly
did not realize why.

"Heather," I began to explain to her, "you feel silly because you have
not recognized your own sexuality, or at least you do not believe in it.
You act as if you are captive to what you were taught as a child, and that
is that you are not allowed to expose your body to others because it is
somehow dirty or not right to do that.  Well, Heather, that is not right.
Let me put it simply. If you give yourself to me, then I want all of you.
I want to enjoy what you are giving to me, not be forced to imagine it
in the darkness of our bedroom. Your body is meant to give me pleasure.
It was created to create extreme desire in me for you.  Now if you don't
want to be desirable, then don't listen to me.  If you do, then let me
be the judge of what is sensual and erotic.  You simply enter into it.
I know much better then you now what turns me on and what makes me crazy
with hunger for you."

Heather sat there staring as if she wanted to believe me, but was unsure
that what I was saying was true.  If it was proof she wanted then I
would give it to her.

I asked her for another cup of coffee and when she arose to get it, I
followed her, taking in the delightful curves that were so erotically
exposed.  When she returned to the table, I took the pot from her
hand, pushed the dishes to one end of the table and lifted her onto it.
I pressed her back so that her legs were suspended over the edge.  I moved
between them and reached for the server of warm syrup.  I grabbed the
tee-shirt and pushed it up and over her breasts, exposing them.

I poured some of the warm sticky liquid over her torso and began to
smear the sticky substance into her skin.  I then began to lick the syrup
from her breasts and belly, arousing her to a fever pitch.  Heather was
moaning loudly now, wrapping her legs around me and pulling me closer
to her.  I slipped inside her and was welcomed with a cry of delight.
Her back arched off the table as she threw against me in animal passion.
It took only minutes for both of us to explode into orgasmic frenzy.

Heather was not as demure as we walked upstairs to shower.

The next morning I told Heather that I had taken the day off to be
with her.  I picked out her clothes and laid them on the bed. I told
her that we would be shopping for some very special things today,
things to keep her aware of my feelings towards her sensuousness.
Heather looked so lovely in the white blouse and semi-full skirt.
Her legs were beautifully shaped and I loved it when they showed.

I had seen many men follow her with their eyes and it gave me good
feelings to know that she was desirable to others.  That served to
exaggerate my feelings of possessing Heather.  I enjoyed the little girl
in her as we drove to the mall.

Heather was in a playful mood.  She was giggling one minute and sulky
the next. She was reacting to my moods as well as provoking them.
I joined in the fun and only quit as we narrowly avoided an accident
when I was too busy tickling her thighs to see the light turn red.

Heather really made me laugh when she crossed her arms below her breasts
and glanced at me saying, "Some lover you are... not even willing to have
a small accident to play with these".  She emphasized the word "these"
by sliding her arms so that one of her breasts were cupped in each of
her hands.  I almost drove off the road.

We reached the mall somehow.  We were like two kids as we laughed and
joked our way through the parking lot to the entrance.  Heather hung on
my arm and I couldn't resist twirling her around.  She playfully hit
me and ran ahead, I chased her and when I caught her warned her that
I wasn't above spanking her right there in the parking lot.  Her lower
lip curled and then her eyebrows raised up.

"Ha! You wouldn't dare to!" she said to me as she pulled away and ran
a little ahead in case I meant it.  I cocked my head and with a stern
look walked towards her.  She screamed and ran from me again.

She was backing up now yelling, "Michael! Don't you dare!" I just kept
walking towards her. When I reached her she covered her eyes and turned
around and half yelling, half laughing and screamed "Rape!".

I looked around and people were staring at us.  I grabbed her arms and
announced to the people, "It's ok, folks.  She's mine. I can rape her
if I want." Heather turned bright red, then sat on the ground in peals
of laughter.  I joined her.

When we had regained our composure and the laughter died, we went into
the mall.  Once inside, I took her to our favorite place to order a
couple of ridiculous drinks called "windshield washers".  The bright
blue drinks were just right for the moods we were in.

Afterwards we made our way to a little shop that specialized in sexy
lingerie.  I told Heather that I was going to pick all her clothes from
now on. With Heather beside me, we began the hunt for her new wardrobe.

First things first.  I picked out several bras for her.  They were light
and transparent.  They hooked in the front and would enhance her figure
without exaggerating it in any way.

The looks on the salesgirl's face could only be appreciated in a photo
as I followed Heather to the small dressing room to watch her try it on.

"Excuse me, sir!  Excuse me!  You can't go in there!"  she said, trailing
along after us.

"Sure I can," I said smiling at her as I closed the door to the tiny room.

"God, Michael, you're embarrassing!"

I smiled at her and began to unbutton her blouse.   When she had the new
bra on, I fondled her and kissed her. I was delighted as her nipples
hardened and showed clearly through the thin silky fabric of the bra.
I unhooked the front and suckled each warm breast once.  I took her old
bra and crumpled it up and shoved it into my back pocket.  I told her
to put her blouse back on and we went out to the counter and I told the
sales girl to give us six of them.

Then I asked if they had any garter belts.  They did and I picked out
several for Heather along with several pairs of hose.  We then paid for
them and I whispered to her to go into the dressing room and replace
her pantyhose with a garterbelt and stockings.

"Oh yes,," I added in a whisper, "you will no longer wear panties
underneath your skirts, Heather." She blushed slightly.

"I hate them anyway," she whispered back.

I asked the salesgirl, who was now unsure of what I was liable to do or
say, if Heather could use the dressing room once more.  Then I watched
Heather as she disappeared into the room.

The rest of the afternoon was spent shopping and browsing.  Once when
I had her model an outfit that I loved, I got up and asked the woman
waiting on us for some scissors and cut all of the price tags off the
clothing Heather saying that I would buy it.

At one point Heather asked, "Well, aren't you going to ask me if I like
it or not?".

I looked at her and shook my head and said, "No, Heather, I am not."

She said nothing at all and we walked out with her in her new outfit.
I enjoyed the feeling of her small waist as I drew her near to me.
We must have appeared to the world as lovers, and they were right.
I loved Heather more then ever and I was happy to be seen with such a
wonderfully erotic woman.

If they only knew what we knew.  My Heather was naked and available
to me, separated by less then a 16th of an inch of fabric from the
hand that rested on her soft cheek.  The feeling was exhilarating and
overwhelmingly sensual.

It was time to go home now and we walked to the car.  In the middle of the
parking lot, I turned Heather towards me and kissed her warmly. My hands
found their way to her ass as she raised up on tiptoe to return the kiss.

"Does this excite you, Heather?," I whispered as I pulled her close to me
by pressing on her soft cheeks.  It felt wonderful to feel her head nod
yes as she sighed.  When we go in the car I didn't start it right away,
but sat there looking at her.

"Does it excite you knowing that you are naked under your skirt, Heather?"

"Yes."

"I get just as excited knowing that you are so available to my touch.
Heather, I want you to show me how aroused you are."

"How?  What do you want me to do?"

"Use your imagination, on,"  I said as I stared at her lap.

Heather slid forward in the seat and raised her skirt to the top of her
lap and spread her legs a little.  I leaned over to kiss her and let my
hand slide between her legs.  I was not surprised to find her very aroused
and her fluids added to the warm silkiness of her petal-like flesh.
I began slow rhythmical movements with my hand.

Heather clung tightly to me and closed her eyes.  I kissed her neck and
gradually brought her closer and closer to an orgasm.  I could hear her
breath coming in short panting gasps now as her legs parted further and
she lifted her hips to meet my hand's motion against her sex.

In my mind there is no feeling in the entire world then to hear your name
spoken as the one you love erupts into orgasmic rapture.  Heather repeated
my name over and over as I felt her legs grip my hand.  Her entire body
trembled as she hugged me closer to her and pressed my hand to her breast.
I felt her nipple swell at my touch as she came to a shivering climax.

"How is that for imagination?," Heather giggled and with a silly,
little-girl smile on her face, she sat back and arranged her skirt.

"Not bad, for a novice!" I said and raised my arm to protect myself from
the swipe I knew would come.

I have prepared very carefully for this because I want her to enter into
it without realizing what was going to happen.  It must be built up to
the point that she was seething in uncontrollable passion by late evening.

I wrote several notes for her and put them in places where she would
not find them until I wished her to.  I also went to a local sex shop
and bought some "toys" that would be used later on in the evening.
Before going off to work I let her know how much I loved her and made
certain advances to seal the words.  I whispered in her ear that "tonight
would be a very special night." and left home for work.  When I arrived,
I made the first of the phone calls home.

"On, I want you to look in my top drawer.  I love you!" was all that I
said and hung up.

The first note that she found read as follows:

Dearest Heather:

I want to show my love for you in a VERY SPECIAL way. However there
is a condition attached to it.  You must make a decision to trust
me completely and do everything I tell you to do without question or
argument.  If you agree please call me back and tell me that you do.
No questions are allowed, just your agreement.

Love, Michael.

Within a minute I had my call.  Her voice was alive with excitement
anticipation! She tested the rule just once, but I ignored the question
as if she never spoke it.  Knowing what was coming excited me.

"Wonderful, darling.  Now look under my pillow.  I love you!," was all
that I said and hung up the phone.

The second note was more to the point.  It was more a letter then a note
that said:

Dearest Heather:

You are the most wonderful and erotic woman I have ever known.  At times
it hurts me that we do not find the passion that we once knew.  All that
is over now and we are about to rediscover each other in new ways.
This day is yours.  Tonight you will know delights that you have never
before known. Your body will tremble with a passion for pleasure that
will only be fulfilled as the night wears on and only when you desire it
to be. You, my dear, are my most prized possession.  I want to possess
you totally and to do this, you must give me the gift of yourself, for
nothing that is not given freely can truly be possessed.  I want you
to yield yourself to me completely and without question.  I am relying
on your trust for you to know that I would not do anything that hurt or
endangered you in the least.

I want you to know that your body is wonderful to me. It is erotic and
sensual and drives me crazy.  The softness of your breasts, the hardening
of your nipples as I suck on them, the warmth of your pussy and its sweet
taste feeds my fervor for you.  I know the wanton fires that burn inside
you as we make love.  Tonight you will feel them all the more.

Before you go on reading this, Heather, please go to the bedroom,
take off your clothes - no questions, you have already agreed to do
what I say. Lay on the bed and while you continue reading, I want you
to explore your body with your hand as if it were me doing it for you.
I want you to feel your own womanhood and all that gives me pleasure.
Do it now before you read the next page.

The note continued on the next page.

As I write this to you, Heather, I am aroused to the point where it is
difficult to concentrate.  My mind is filled with the sensuality of
your body and our love.  I burn with desire to make love to you now.
I can imagine your soft, supple breasts as they yields at the pressure
of my hands.  I can almost feel the nipples as they swell and harden to
my touch.  I picture your legs slowly spreading to await my touch. I know
how sensitive your breasts are, how they seem to be connected directly to
your clitoris.  I see you in my mind as you move with passion while I suck
each of your nipples into my mouth and delight in their taste and texture.
Heather, close your eyes now and use your hands to explore your breasts as
you imagine me there with you.  Try to feel what I am feeling right now!
Do not touch your pussy -yet!

I wish that I was there now, dearest.  But I will wait until this evening.
Now, Heather. Just as I would do, let your hand stray over your tummy,
do it slowly, let yourself go and let your desire build.  Feel your own
soft flesh.  Experience my feelings as I thrill to the softness and try
to resist touching your moist sex.  When I am doing this, I can begin
to smell your muskiness that is so sweet and wonderful.  It is so hard
for me not to just move right to the center of your pleasure, and mine!

Let your hand just brush the soft curls of hair.  Then lift your leg so
that you can trace your fingertips over the soft flesh of your inner
thigh. Start at your knee and move slowly towards your pussy.  As you
move your hand from one leg to the other, let your fingers lightly
touch your swollen clit, not for long, just a quick teasing touch.
Now the other thigh.  Do the same and imagine my mouth there, teasing
and nibbling your soft inner leg, moving towards your pussy, licking in
tiny circles. Close your eyes, on, let your mind go. Think of my love
for you and the passion that builds within us as we slowly build towards
the ultimate fulfillment.  I want you to let yourself dream for a few
minutes, let your rapture build! Close your eyes and let go!

Heather, you are now to experience the very thing that makes me want
you the most.  Your sweet feminine sex.  Let your hand move between
your legs.  Feel the smooth moistened flesh.  Let your fingers glide
over your sex, Heather. Your pussy is wet and ready for orgasm.  It has
prepared itself for pleasure, and it is almost time.  Use two fingers
and put them inside you to moisten them with your own sweet juices.
Now spread them a little and move your hand upward to let them caress
your clit on either side of its tiny sensitive shaft.  Feel how swollen
it is?  Feel the shockwave of pleasure as you stroke it ever so gently.
Oh, Heather, how wonderful you taste when I kiss you there.  How soft
the flesh as I gently suck the folds between my lips. It is so incredibly
silky and warm there.  Your pussy is the center of both of our passion,
a lovely and wondrous place - bringing us both rapturous enjoyment.
I love to feel its pliability as I move my tongue over its glistening
smoothness.  I love to feel you react as I probe into you with my tongue,
how you move against my face.

I can feel your body reacting, you feel it too, Heather.  Let your mind
and body go now.  Use your hand to bring yourself to orgasm.  Think of the
passion we have together.  Feel the growing sensations as your clitoris
tries to hide from the coming explosion. Feel the contractions as they
mount in intensity, building deep within you and rippling out with
ever increasing intense pleasure.  You are rising now, Heather to the
ultimate voluptuousness.  Your body will soon explode with all of the
built up passion into sheer orgasmic satisfaction.  I wish I could see
your face at this minute, Heather.  I love you so very much.  I ache to
be in you now, on.  Let it go, now.  Do it for me, Heather.  Let me feel
your ardor over the distance.  Reach out to me with your mind and body.
Come Heather! Let it happen! Close your eyes now and let it happen!

(on the last page)

Dearest Heather, while you are doing what I asked, I am sitting in my
office imagining your gorgeous form laying on our bed and the pleasure
is beyond description.  Call me and tell me what you felt!

I love you.  Michael.

And call she did.

When Heather called me, it was evident from her breathlessness that she
had done what I asked her to.  She was close to tears as she thanked me
for what I had done to her with the letter.  She told me how she had
totally lost herself in the passion aroused by my words.  I told her
that I loved her and indicated that the best was still to come.

She said, "On, I am ready for anything you want.  I love you! I really
wish you were home now."

"Heather," I replied, "go to my gray suit hanging in my closet.  On the
inside of my jacket there is another note in the pocket.  I will talk
to you later on.

And, Heather, thank you for your obedience."

Then I hung up.  I was now having a hard time not leaving work to go home
to her.  This was amazing! I was getting so much pleasure out of this.
It was working because I felt the same giddiness that I had felt when
we were first married.

The next note read as follows:

My Darling Heather:

Take the time now to take a long hot bath.  Pamper yourself.  You have
the rest of the day to think about what pleasures await you this evening.
I can promise you that you will experience the utmost in sexual thrills.
Your body must be ready for me as well as your mind.  Tonight you will be
kept in constant awareness of your feminine beauty.  For now, enjoy your
bath and think of tonight.  This is what you are to do to prepare yourself
for our evening.  Please do not question, just do as you are told.

When you are finished, do not get dressed, you are to stay naked until
you complete what I have for you to do. After you are finished with your
bath, please look in my blue overnight bag. In it you will find a box.
Open the box and you will find further instructions.  Now go and take
your bath, Heather. I wish I was there to wash you.

Love, Michael"

Heather was to tell me later that she trembled as she stood naked,
reading the note that followed.  It read:

Darling Heather:

Your nakedness is easy to imagine.  I can visualize you standing there
reading this.  Desire builds again! But we will have time for that later
on.  For now, you will see that in the box with this note are four black
nylon straps attached to velvet lined leather cuffs.  I want you to tie
the straps, one to each corner of the bed.  It is here where you will be
made helpless later on this evening.  There is also a length of rope in
the box.  Pass it under the bed about two thirds down from the head board.
Bring the ends up and lay them on the bed.  This rope will be used to
tie your knees apart, totally opening you up to me.  Finally, there is
a black silk scarf, it is to be your blindfold. Place it on the pillows.

As you prepare the bed for your captivity, think of what it will be
like to be tied helpless to our bed, totally exposed for my pleasure.
Imagine yourself, naked and helpless, unable to escape the manipulation
of your body. Your breasts will be exposed, unprotected by your arms, as
your wrists are tied to the headboard unable to respond to you. Your legs
splayed wide,exposing your pussy to whatever I feel like doing to it.
You will be unable to close your legs to prevent whatever I decide to do.

What will I do?  Well, your imagination can devise answers, but you
won't know until it happens. And even then you will only be able
to guess at what is causing the pleasure because your eyes will be
covered by the blindfold. You will not be able to see anything that I am
preparing to do to you.  When it happens, it will be a complete surprise.
Suffice it to say, that all has been designed to bring you to the point
of uncontrollable passion!

Now, my dearest Heather.  After you have prepared the bed, I want you to
get dressed.  However, you are to wear my favorite skirt and that white
silky blouse I love on you! Wear one of your new bras that unhook in the
front and you are NOT to wear any panties.  A garter belt and stockings
are to be all you wear under your skirt.  I want you to be aware of your
sensuality all day long.

Oh, yes, I almost forgot.  I want you to go to the store and get the
following items, two 8 oz porterhouse steaks, a dozen large shrimp, some
pate, frozen raspberries, and some sour cream.  In case you thought of it,
the answer is "no!".  You will not wear panties out to the store either.

On the way home, stop by the office.  When you arrive, I want you to
come in and close and lock the door behind you.  I will tell my secretary
that we do not wish to be disturbed.  You will come to my side and lift
your skirt to your waist in the front.  I want to see that you obeyed.
If you are a good girl, Heather, I will allow you to have an orgasm there.
I will help you with my mouth! Think of this while you shop.

Please be here by 3 pm at the latest.  I love you, Heather.

Heather arrived at my office right on time.  She looked lovely.  She was
slightly flushed and I could see in her eyes that she was aching for
my touch.  Without a word, she walked to my chair and bent to kiss me,
it was a passionate kiss, filled with promise.

Then she stood and with a quick glance at the door, she began to gather
her dress to her waist.  She did this slowly as her breathing came faster
and a little more heavily.  I looked, not at her uncovered legs, but into
her eyes as she raised her skirt to expose her obedience.  I knew when
she had it totally drawn up because her eyes now begged me to touch her.

"Please," was all that she murmured as I let my gaze fall on her white
satin-framed pussy, the garter belt providing that extra erotic stimulus.

I reached out to her and touching her thighs told her to spread her
legs which she did immediately.  I let my hand roam over the soft upper
thighs and tickled the flesh on the inside of her legs.  Then suddenly
I cupped her entire pussy in my hand and pushed a finger between the
down-covered outer lips.  Her pussy seemed burning hot as I heard her
moan with obvious delight.  My finger sank into her, meeting no resistance
because of the wetness that had even soaked her soft brown hair.

I withdrew my hand and looked into her eyes again as I licked the sweet
juices from my finger. Then I stood and turned her so that she sat on
the edge of my desk with her tip-toes just touching the floor.

I unbuttoned her blouse and unhooked her bra.  I pulled the soft fabric
back enough to expose her breasts.  I could see that her nipples were
swollen and aroused.  She pulled me to her and tried to push my face to
her breast.  I resisted and told her to be still.  I would decide what
was to happen.  She groaned and looked at me, her eyes begging me to
make love to her.

While she was sitting there, I picked up the phone and told my secretary
that we were busy and not to disturb us.  Heather looked at me terrified.
She knew that the implication of the call was that we were doing something
at which we did not want to be caught, she would have to pass by Ida on
the way out.

I laughed at her concern and said, "Ahhh, but Heather, you could leave
right now, if you wish!" She shook her head "no" and I moved to her and
caressed her breasts.  I heard the hiss of her breath as my hands found
her warm mounds of flesh. Once again, she attempted to put her hands on
my head to guide my mouth to her.

"Heather," I said as I placed her hands at her sides and on the desk,
"Do not move again, or I will stop."

Her eyes pleaded once more at the threat of not being allowed to complete
the pleasure she had spent the last two hours imagining.  I knelt before
her and brought my mouth to her right thigh.  It was hot and flushed.
I felt the quiver as my tongue began to slide over her skin.  Each inch
of her inner thighs from the top of the stockings to the place where her
aching pussy opened for my kiss was slowly explored.  I could see how
wet she was and the struggle that she was having to keep her hips still.
I could see her swollen clit and inner lips, their pink hue exaggerated
to redness against the brown curls that framed them.  I let my tongue
flick over them as I moved from leg to leg.  Then I stopped and looked
to Heather's lovely green eyes.

"Heather, tell me what you want! Tell me what you need me to do to you."

Heather had never been able to express herself when discussing sex.

She stared at me and tried to tell me, but all that came out was the
word, "Please!".

"Not good enough, Heather, you know very well what you want me to do.
Ask me to do it for you, Heather."

She flushed again and finally said softly, "Michael, please eat me."

Not wanting to loose the moment I let it go at that, she would learn
to be a lot more graphic before the night was over.  With that I moved
back to take her to the height of pleasure that she ached for.  My mouth
found her softness as I spread her lips and drew the soft inner petals
into my mouth. My tongue danced swiftly over her blood-engorged clit.
I found myself drinking in her sweet juices in as they flowed from her
warm pussy in response to my mouth's movements.  I felt her tremble
as the first wave of tiny orgasms erupted within her.  I could feel
the spasms as they alternately pulled the muscles and let them relax.
I heard her as she allowed a gasp to escape her mouth, lost in the
sensations rippling through the center of her being.

Her knuckles went white as she gripped the edge of the desk in a useless
effort to remain still.  I told her to caress her breasts.  She did so
quickly as I helped her through a series of orgasms that would leave her
almost unable to stand up afterwards.  Her hands squeezed her breasts
and her fingers pinched and pulled at her nipples as she arched her back
and pushed herself to my face.  Finally the over taxed sexual nerves
detonated into a sexual frenzy of their own and released their pentup
energies into a tremendous orgasm that caused Heather to bite her hand
in order not to scream.

When Heather had relaxed a little, I stood and held her close to me and
kissed her lips tenderly and softly.

"Go home now, dear.  Relax and I will see you at about 6:30.  I love
you very much Heather.  You are a wonderful lover!"

She hugged me and whispered, "Oh, Michael, I love you too.  I want this
to last forever.  Thank you so much for this wonderful day."

I walked her to the door and watched her as she knowingly and carelessly
walked past Ida.

As I returned to my desk, I wondered if Heather realized as I did the new
dimension that we were allowing ourselves to enter into in our sex lives.
Heather seemed so natural in her role that I regretted momentarily not
having explored this with her long before.  But the regret was short
lived - I was happy that the time was here now.  I gave her about ten
minutes to arrive home before I called her again.  This time there was
to be no note at all, just verbal instructions.

"Heather, I almost forgot to tell you what I want you to wear tonight."
I said as she answered the phone on the first ring.

"Oh!" was her only reply.

"I want you to detach the cuffs from the cords on the bed.  You will wear
them and also the gift that I placed in your bottom drawer this morning.
That is all you are to wear.  Is that understood, Heather?," I asked.

"Yes, Michael, I understand. I love you," she responded as I hung up
the phone and tried to go back to my work.  As it turned out, it was
a useless effort on my part.  Visions of my "slave" haunted my every
thought and to attempt to discard them was impossible.  I struggled
to contain myself and not leave work early.  Finally I busied myself
planning the final details of the evening.

I tried to visualize Heather as she went to the drawer and found my
"present". It consisted of a narrow leather collar and a gold waist
chain which I am sure she would not figure out how to wear.  It was
designed to pass around the waist and through a small loop in the back.
The end of the chain was then brought through the legs and fastened in
front.  It was adjustable and could be pulled tighter if one desired.
The chain went between her legs and snuggled between her pussy lips.
I would be very surprised if she wore it right!

Suddenly I realized that I had gotten lost in my thoughts.  It was 6:15
and time to leave for home.  If you have ever driven somewhere only
to realize when you arrive, that you do not remember the drive, then
you know how I felt when I arrived! I hesitated a moment and gathered
my thoughts.  I knew that the intensity of the evening would require
a great deal of control on my part.  After the stimulation of the day,
I wanted to -- Wait! That is an idea.  I got out of the car, walked to
the door and opened it.  Suddenly, Heather appeared in the doorway to
the living room.  She was naked except for the collar and cuffs and the
chain was dangling at her side after one turn around the waist.

I just looked at her as I locked the door and strode to where she stood.
Without saying a word, I lifted her and carried her to a chair.
Bending her over the back of the chair, I placed her hands on the
arms and once more told her to stay still.  I walked behind her and
stroked the smooth curves of her ass. I let my hand glide between the
satin-like skin of her cheeks, down to her pussy which was already moist.
Without saying a word, I took her roughly from behind.  I was unable to
contain myself and from the moment I entered her I was out of control
from the days pent-up passion.

I heard her as she responded to my use of her body.  She began to throw
her hips backwards in rhythm to my forward movements.  She began to make
almost animalistic noises in her throat as she let herself experience
the force of my desire.  I could feel the muscles in the walls of her
vagina as they grabbed at my thrusting cock.  It was all that I needed
and as I began to explode, I heard her scream, "Oh, my god! Please come!
Fill me, Michael. I'm coming.  Harder, I'm coming." I exploded inside
her and felt as if my knees would buckle out from underneath me.

As I stepped back, Heather did an amazing thing.  She turned and dropped
to her knees and took me in her mouth.  She moved on me keeping my
erection alive for a few more minutes.  I lifted her to her feet and
kissed her softly and spoke for the first time.

"You are an incredibly sexy woman, Heather.  Do you know that?," I asked.

She just stood there looking at the floor and shook her head
imperceptibly.  I reached to her chin and raised her head.

"You must learn to be proud of it! Tell me, did you feel like a woman
when I entered you just now?" There were tears in her eyes causing them
to sparkle.

"Oh, yes, Michael, I felt so sexually alive," she answered.

"Then be proud of your realization! You are mine and I am proud to be with
you. I see the way other men look at you. You are a sexually erotic woman.
You are to learn to be contented in that fact.  Now come shower with me."

We went upstairs and I was pleased to see the black nylon straps securely
fastened to the four corners of the bed, the rope ends protruding from
either side and the blindfold neatly laid out on the pillow.  I undressed
and turned to Heather.  I undid the cuffs and the collar and took the
chain from her waist.

"You will learn how to wear this later, Heather." I said as I led her
to the shower and adjusted the water to slightly hotter then our skin.

Once in the shower the hot water ran over us and relaxed us both.
I could feel the tension draining from my body as I held Heather close
to me.  Soaping her down was always a pleasure, but this evening it took
on new meaning as I gently pushed aside the shower's spray and covered
her with soap.  I could feel my passion rising again as I hugged her and
felt the curves of her body press against mine, the soap providing that
friction-less smoothness which heightens the senses and sets the entire
nervous system on fire.  She turned in my arms and I felt my erection
slide between her cheeks.  She reached back putting her arm around my neck
and pulled herself up on tiptoe forcing me deeper into her soft flesh.
She rocked back and forth and I felt myself climbing towards orgasm again.

Then I realized what was happening she was maneuvering herself so that
my hardness was pressing against the tiny opening.  She pressed and I
put my arms around her waist to help her keep her balance.  Suddenly I
felt myself slide inside her.  She moaned as if it hurt her and I
stopped moving until she began to press once more.  Then I was totally
inside her. She turned her face up and back and I met her lips with mine.
She leaned forward and placed her hands on the wall as I grabbed her hips
and started thrusting in and out of her tight hole.  Soap was running
between her cheeks making each stroke easier and smoother.  I reached
around her with one hand and began to stroke her clit.  Her passion was
obvious as she began to buck against me with more violence.

The sight of her shapely ass meeting my thrusts raised my zeal even
further. I reached for her breasts and felt them slip through my hands
as she moved faster now.  They were slippery and difficult to hold so
I squeezed harder in an effort to keep them in my hands.  The nipples
were hard and Heather was lost in her own world of pleasure as her hand
slid between her legs to tease her clit into an orgasm.  Suddenly it
was over. We both felt ourselves move into that world void of all else
except focus on the center of sexual release.

The orgasm seemed greater then any before experienced and as she turned
to hold on to me, we sank to our knees and let the warm water splash
over our exhausted bodies.  We knelt there for what seemed like an hour,
kissing and caressing each other.  Suddenly the water began to turn cold
and brought us both back to reality.

I got a soft towel and dried her off kissing her all over as I did.  As I
dried each leg I let my mouth cover her pussy and gave soft, silky licks
to the pink flesh peeking out from between the folds of her outer lips.
She trembled and stroked my face.

Getting to my feet I led her to the bedroom and once again placed the
leather cuffs on her ankles and wrists.  I put the collar around her
neck and picked up the chain.  When I pulled the loose end between her
legs she jumped a little and smiled at her own lack of imagination in
wearing it before.I knelt and spread her lips again moving the chain
between them, kissed her there again and got my robe.

Heather needed the time to fix her hair and do whatever else women do
to make them feel more desirable.  While she was doing this I went down
to the kitchen to put the finishing touches on the Scampi and char broil
the steaks.  When I walked into the kitchen, I noticed that Heather had
set the table for a romantic dinner for two, candles and all.  I opened
the bottle of wine and settled down at the table to await her appearance.

Heather came down glowing.  She came to the chair and on her own lowered
her eyes and stood with her hands by her side, saying nothing.  I took
the time to drink in her sexiness.  Her lightly tanned skin giving way
to the milky white bikini line, accentuated her breasts and lower tummy.
Her soft brown pubic hair, trimmed for her bikini, formed a small triangle
pointing to her sex and just a hint of blushing pink showed at its apex.
She was obviously still in an excited state.  I reached out and with a
moistened finger, slid between the folds causing her to jump slightly
at the touch.

"Do you feel sexy, Heather?" I asked her.

"Oh yes, more then any other time in my life," was her quick reply.

"That is wonderful, Heather.  You are more then sexy, love, you are all
that female sexuality is about," I replied.

Looking at her did not even make her nervous now.  I drank in the sight
of her naked form.  The black collar with its ring in the front, the
black bands on her wrists and ankles and the tiny gold chain speaking
volumes to me on her submission.

There she stood, totally fresh, erotic, sensual and completely available
to me.  It was then I realized that, while I may seem in control, this
woman, whom I loved dearly, was actually in control of me.

Everything about her made me realize that there could be no other woman
that could do to me what she was doing now.  I was falling, charmed
into complete worship of her entire personhood.  In asking her to devote
herself to me, I received a gift from her which I now must handle with
all the love and care that is possible. I was caught and haplessly
imprisoned by her dedication and love for me.  Ironic as it was, by
becoming her master, I had become her slave.

Heather served us dinner and I watched fascinated as her every move drove
me further into the turmoil of primal urges.  It was all that I could
do to keep my hands off her while we sat and discussed what had already
happened. It seemed that even though Heather was intimidated by this
at first, she had found release in knowing that she was not in control.
It seemed that it gave her "permission" of sorts to let herself go and
release herself to sensual pleasures.  I was delighted to hear her able
to express herself in this way.  I talked to her and told her how I had
felt and thanked her once more for her gift.

Now would come the difficult part.  I wanted to make the roles we were
playing be consistent with the idea of a master-slave relationship.
I was still a little scared that pushing the fantasy too far may have an
adverse effect, but decided to risk it.  While Heather cleaned up the
kitchen, I began to watch for some foolish thing that I could "blame"
and punish her for. When I found it, it was foolish - for sure.

"Heather, I have been sitting here patiently waiting for you to serve
coffee. Not only did you ignore my request, but you act as if you never
heard it!," I said knowing full well that she could not have heard what
I did not request.

"You didn't ask for coffee," she answered.

"Heather, I believe you meant to say I am sorry, didn't you?  You must
understand that I was serious when I asked you for unquestioned obedience.
Please come over here and kneel at my feet, Heather."

Heather moved to me, but slower this time and a little unsure of what
I was going to do.  She looked into my eyes as if to say "Be gentle,"
as she knelt on the floor.

"Heather, raise your hands above your head, please." I said this
very softly but without a hint of emotion.  She did so hesitantly,
lifting her breasts as her arms went higher.  I reached to her and as
I explained what I expected of her once more I let my hands glide over
the twin globes presented to me in such an unprotected way.  Suddenly I
took her nipples between my thumbs and forefingers and pinched them.
It was mildly painful, but not enough to even make Heather cry out.
In fact she moaned softly and looked at me with love written in her eyes.
I asked her if she understood and she replied with a nod of her head.
Again I pinched her and told her that verbal answers were required when
I spoke to her.

"Yes, Michael, I understand," she said.

Again I caressed her breasts and told her that the rest of the evening
would be considered training for our new positions in our relationship.
As I talked I had her stand and indicated that she should spread her legs.
I reached between them and felt that she was totally turned on now,
responding amazingly to the whole situation.  I continued to talk to
her while petting and stroking her pussy.  My fingers were soaked.
She listened as if in a trance.  I told her that tonight, she would
learn how to ask for what she wanted and not be afraid to tell me in
exact terms, her thoughts, desires and needs.  I led her upstairs to
the bedroom.

Heather hesitated just the slightest moment as we entered into the
bedroom. Later she would tell me how her thoughts carried her into mild
panic that afternoon when she had prepared the bed for this night.
She knew that I would never do anything to harm her, but it was
unimaginable to her that she should be tied there helpless to hide,
conceal or defend her body in any way.

Heather also confessed to me later that she never really felt sexy while
naked and that she had feared feeling like a fool by complying with
my desires. Not that she wasn't capable of passion, for she was to an
extreme, but not until she crossed some remote threshold of ecstasy that
broke the barriers, she never believed that she was capable of arousing
erotic desires with her body. As with all of us, she did not see her
beauty and allowed some other mental image of the perfect woman to
stand in the way of her awareness of what she was to me.  Heather was
about to learn that she was all that I needed or desired in a woman.
She was about to come to terms with her own eroticism and sensuality.
Heather would know soon, that I loved her exactly as she was.  The only
change I wanted in here was her knowledge that she was my woman and
capable of fulfilling all that I could ever desire in a life's partner.

Heather walked to the bed and I felt her tremble as I touched her shoulder
and pushed her once more to her knees.  I took the blindfold and carefully
arranged it so that she could see no light.

I then stood her on her feet and said to her: "Heather, you and I have
had a relationship that has grown stale in some ways.  We have not
been able to trust each other with our innermost secrets and desires.
We have, until now, not expressed our needs or wants for fear that
somehow we would be rejected.  I have risked a lot in this experiment,
and so have you.  Now it is too late to turn back even if we wanted to.
I am going to bring you pleasure beyond anything that you have known
so far.  Tonight is just the beginning of our new life together.
Tonight by becoming my slave, you will find total freedom!"

With these words, I picked her up, kissed her soft lips and laid her on
the bed.  I gently took her hand and after kissing it and caressing it,
pulled it taut and fed the nylon strap through the steel ring on the cuff.
I then did the same to the other hand.  Walking to the center of the bed,
I took the rope that was passed under the bed and tied a loop around her
right leg just above the knee and then went to the other side and did
the same pulling them open so that her knees almost touched the mattress.
I then secured the anklets to the nylon ties at the foot of the bed.

Heather was now tied in such a way that she could not close her legs
or move her arms.  I then took a pillow and raising her hips tucked it
under her lifting her shapely behind off the bed.

I then told her that she was not to talk or make a sound unless I gave
her permission.

"Not a sound, Heather, is that clear?," I said to which she responded
"Yes." in a whimper-like voice.  That was greeted with a slap across
her raised behind and again the command, "Not a sound!".

This time Heather shook her head yes and received a quick kiss to each
breast and on her mouth.  When I kissed her, the hunger in her mouth
was evident as she struggled to prolong the contact. She was looking
for reassurance.  I gave it to her!

As I stepped back to observe my handiwork a feeling of satisfaction
that I had never known overtook me.  Here before me on the bed, tied
and helpless was the form of the faceless woman of my fantasies.
Wonderfully erotic in her helplessness, overwhelmingly sensuous in
her glorious womanhood, and animalistically arousing in her nakedness,
she had me in fully in her power and I would never be the same again.
I was helpless before her charms and hypnotized by her wanton beauty.
I moved to the bedside and sat next to her.  Next to the bed was a
small bottle of scented and flavored massage oil.  I took the bottle and
began with her right arm.  After pouring the oil on it, I began to rub
it into each tiny area of exposed skin.  The oil got warm when rubbed
or blown on, as a matter of fact it got hot.  I blew softly on it,
heating it up and then used my tongue in soft velvety licks to remove
the oil from her wrist.  Next I did the same to her shoulders and neck.
For the next hour I busied myself covering every square inch of exposed
skin with the exception of her breasts, inner thighs and her pussy.
I momentarily touched her there and she was dripping wet with desire now,
but relief was still a long way off for Heather.

Moving back to her upper torso, I rubbed the oil into her breast, being
careful not to touch the nipple.  I spent a long time gently massaging
and blowing on the slick skin, heating the oil and sensing her reaction.
Each time Heather would move to try to get me to suckle her swollen
nipple, she would receive instead a pinch instead.  I was lost in the
softness of her beautiful breasts and the textures that I seemed to
newly discover with each passing moment.

Finally sure that Heather was worked to a fever pitch, I stopped and
asked her, "Heather, what would you like me to do for you now?  You can
talk to me, on."

"Please, Michael, I am on fire, please!," she said.

Of course I could imagine what she wanted, but would not give in.

Instead I said, "Heather, you have to be specific.  I know what you want
and you know what you want.  Why can't you tell me? I will not continue
until you do," to emphasize this I reached down and cupped her soft,
wet mound in my hand momentarily.  Heather instantly moved herself
against it and I pulled away.

"My god, Michael, I need you.  Please!," she said.  I said nothing.
I moved from the bed to a lounge chair and sat quietly.

"Michael?" Heather said after a minute, "Michael, where are you?"
Again I was silent.

Heather struggled against her bonds now only to discover for the first
time that she was indeed helpless.  After 10 minutes of not answering,
I walked quietly to the bedside once more.

I removed the chain from between her legs and said, "You wish me to
continue the massage?"

"Oh yes, please, Michael, please," Heather was frantic in her answer.

I took the oil and smoothed some of it on her inner thigh from the knee
to where the flesh curves inward to form the outer lips of her pussy.

With slow deliberate care, I began to alternately rub and blow on the oil.
Then ever so slowly began to lick it off of her working upward until
I got to those soft folds of down covered flesh.  Momentarily I let my
tongue flick over her clitoris and withdrew to the other thigh, where I
began the process all over again.  By the time I had once more reached
her wide open pussy, her own juices were visibly coating her cheeks
and some had already stained the pillow.  Heather was delirious now.
She began bucking to reach my face, but I avoided all but the briefest
touches to her sex. Heather began to plead with me now in earnest.

"Michael, please eat me.  Please touch my pussy, Michael, I can't take
this any longer! Let me come, Michael, please let me come," she was
almost crying now.

As a reward for her honesty, I leaned forward and kissed her full on her
spread pussy lips.  I poured some oil on it and watched the fluid as it
ran over her mound, flowed across her swollen inner lips and into her
open vagina, to mix with her own sweet juices.  Heather hissed through
her teeth as she moved her hips trying to contain her passion which was
about to explode in uncontrollable wantonness.

I laid down between her splayed legs and softly blew on the oil.
I could feel the heat from her pussy as it combined with her own.
She let out a cry at the sensations I was causing her to experience.

"Oh god, please, let me come, Michael, please don't make me wait any
longer," she cried out.

I then began to slowly lick the oil and her natural lubricant from her
exposed sex.  She shook violently each time that I touched the fleshy
hood covering her clit. Shock waves of pleasure shot through her body
as she thrust her hips and tried to grind her pussy into my face.  I did
not allow that yet, but kept distance enough so that only the tip of my
tongue touched her.

Finally I moved up and clamped my lips over her clitoris and biting ever
so gently took it into my mouth and flicked across it with my tongue.
I had never seen Heather react this way before.  She became an animal
and her cries matched her fury.

I slid two fingers inside her and reached her g-spot letting her press
downward and move against them.  I felt her muscles tighten and loosen
in spasmodic contractions as she began her orgasm.  It was like a string
of firecrackers.  One after another they came each one more violent then
the one before. I used my tongue to tease her clit as it attempted to
withdraw from direct stimulation. Licking each side of the tiny shaft,
rolling it between my lips until Heather collapsed in exhaustion and
lay still.

I moved to her face and heard her soft sobs.  She turned to me and her
lips, swollen from her own biting, parted for a deep hungering kiss.
She then moved her mouth to taste her own passion which was on my face
still.  I had never been with this Heather.  This was a whole new woman,
a whole new adventure in sexuality.

After that, I released her and we made slow, passionate love.

--
