Archive-name: Casual/hhlisa.txt
Archive-author: William A. Brien
Archive-title: HitchHiker Lisa


It was all just too obvious, too pat.
 
But I did stop.  I haven't picked up a hitchhiker since I was in
college.  I always figured that a cute girl standing by the side
of the road with her thumb in the breeze had to have a 250 pound
boyfriend in the bushes, ready to commandeer my car at
knifepoint.
 
I can see from a distance that you are cute, your long brown hair
whipping about your face in the wind.  As I drive closer, I can
see your faded cutoffs, cut so short that the cheeks of your ass
are peeking out invitingly.
 
You are wearing a pale yellow t-shirt, the veteran of many
washings, faded to the color of tapioca.  Your breasts,
unencumbered by a bra, poke proud erect nipples at all who pass
by.  Even from a distance I can see the dark circles through the
thin shirt.
 
You are smiling.
 
I stop next to you and roll down the window.
 
"Where are you headed?"
 
"It doesn't really matter.  Can you take me?"
 
I swallow.  "Sure.  Hop in."  You slide into the passenger seat
and I am suddenly conscious of your smell; the smell of sun and
sweat on your buttery skin.  I realize that you have slid closer
to me than is really necessary.  I swallow again.
 
"What's your name?"
 
"Lisa."  You don't ask mine.  Out of the corner of my eye I can
see your breasts jiggling slightly as we ride.  You catch my
sidelong glance and smile slightly.  I look away, embarrassed.
 
"You don't usually pick people up, do you."  It is a statement,
not a question.  I look back at you, more directly this time, and
see that you have turned ever so slightly towards me, and have
inched almost imperceptibly closer.  I feel my mouth go slightly
dry.  I cannot keep from looking at your breasts.
 
I begin to imagine...No!  Things like this just don't happen!
There is always a catch.  I feel a light sweat on my upper lip.
I roll down the window.  We ride for a moment in silence.
 
You cross your legs and you have moved slightly closer.  Your
left hand is on the seat next to your thigh.  With another
sidelong glance I can see that the top button on your cutoffs is
undone.  Was it like that before?  I realize that you are looking
intently at my face.  Do you see what I am thinking?
 
If I move the slightest bit, I am sure my erection will burst
through my pants.  So I sit very still and drive carefully and
slowly.  Suddenly I realize I am going barely twenty miles per
hour.  It seems as though we are barely moving; the fields to
each side of us creep by.
 
There is a wide spot ahead, next to a broad expanse of tall
grass.
 
"Could we stop for a bit?" you ask.
 
"If you like," I reply, sure that you can hear my heart pounding.
 
We stop and you are out of the car, skipping through the tall
grass of the field laughing and turning around, your eyes
sparkling.  Cautiously I follow you.  You come back to me,
breathless, your sun-sweat smell nearly overpowering me.
Watching you in the grass I am nearly overcome with desire and I
and I can think of nothing but you.
 
You stand very close to me, looking up into my face.  The impish
smile nearly disappears as you stand very close to me, searching
my face.  I stroke your cheek with my palm and gently bend down
to kiss your soft, full lips.  Suddenly your arms are around me,
your mouth wide open, tongue probing.  Your body presses
insistently against me, your hands are moving up and down my
back, stroking my ass and the backs of my thighs.  I am certain
my body is going to explode.
 
Suddenly you stop.  You draw slightly away from me.  Your cheeks
are slightly flushed, and you are breathing heavily through
parted lips.  Your firm breasts strain against the flimsy t-
shirt, erect nipples challenging me.  You cross your arms and
reach slowly for the bottom of your shirt and pull it over your
head.
 
Your breasts, now free in the warm sunshine, invite me.  I catch
my breath, a half sob, really, as I gaze at you there.  You come
to me again and take my head in both your hands, drawing my mouth
first to one breast, then the other.  Greedily I run my tongue
over the nipples, feeling them harden at the touch.  You pull my
head harder to you, as though you want me to devour you.  I am
aware of the salty-sweet taste of your sweat.  Your breast fills
my mouth.
 
Suddenly, panting, you push me away.  Your eyes cloudy with
desire and yearning, your hands move to the top of your cutoffs.
Slowly you lower the zipper, and drop the shorts to the ground.
Keeping your eyes on mine, you step out of them and stand there
before me, naked.  Your legs slightly apart, you move your right
hand over your dark pubis and stroke the mound.  You step close
to me once again and put your hands on my shoulders, pressing me
to my knees in the tall grass.
 
Your dark mound, very close now, fills my vision and the scent of
you, warm and dark and musky, clouds my senses.
 
You pull my head towards you and I am immersed in your body.  You
spread your legs to straddle my head, forcing your cunt into my
face.  I move my tongue over your clit, feeling it protrude and
harden.  I point my tongue and run it around the base of your
clit, pressing hard, and feel your body vibrate in response.
Moving down, I thrust my tongue into your cunt, now dripping with
your juices.  You are breathing in sobs now, still forcing my
mouth against you, constantly moving your hips to bring my mouth
into tighter contact with your body.
 
Your juices now cover my face; the taste of you is overpowering.
Your legs are spread ever wider, and so I put first two, then
three, then four fingers deep in your wet cunt.  You moan in
response, an animal sound from deep in your throat.
 
You take my face in your hands and your lips are all over my face
licking your own love juices from me, kissing me deeply and
demandingly.  I wonder how much longer you can continue.
 
Then your hands are grasping my shirt, pulling it out of my
pants; you claw at the buttons then, impatient, rip the shirt
open, sending buttons flying.  You unfasten my belt and unsnap
the top button of my trousers, roughly parting the zipper.  My
cock jumps out, already moist.  You push my pants and shorts down
to my knees and kneel in front of me.  Your face and breasts are
flushed with your desire, your eyes smoky.
 
You put your hand on my bare chest and push me back to the
ground.  You pull off my shoes, then my pants.  I lie on my back
in the long grass, my cock throbbing obliquely towards the sky.
I, too am naked, except for my ruined shirt.
 
Your urgency seems to have subsided now, as you lie next to me,
propped up on one elbow.  You place your palm flat on my chest
and I can see your hand jumping slightly with my heartbeat.
Slowly you move your hand up to stroke my cheek once, then down
my chest, to my belly, then farther down towards my erect cock.
Playfully, you pluck at the pubic hair, then stroke the insides
of my thighs.  My cock strains and throbs.  My heart is pounding,
yet I lie on my back passively, waiting to see what you will do.
 
I want to seize you roughly and enter you, possessing you
completely.  But I lie there docilely in the grass, waiting to
see what you will do.  I wonder if you have any strength left.
 
You put your fingers on my eyelids, closing them, and you kiss me
softly on the lips.  You move to my chest, kissing and licking
and nibbling on the way down.  You lick and nibble my nipples,
first one, then the other.  My cock stirs impatiently.
 
I feel your tongue in my navel, then your hand on my erect cock.
You grasp my shaft with surprising firmness.  Gently you cup my
testicles in your two hands, as though testing the weight.  You
stroke them and release them.  You lift first my right leg, then
the left, separating them, and kneel in between.
 
With my eyes still closed, I can hear your calm breathing, then
feel your warm breath on my cock, and then I feel your hot, wet
mouth slide over the head.  You do not move for a moment, but I
can feel the slightest caress of your tongue against the tip of
my member.  I wonder how long I can stand this teasing without
coming.
 
Slowly you take more of me into your warm mouth, until I am
completely surrounded by you.  I can feel the gentle flick of
your tongue as you pull back, and the light scrape of your teeth
against the shaft.  Slowly and deliberately you continue, first
taking just the head of my cock into your mouth, sometimes
sucking, sometimes teasing with the tip of your tongue, then
slowly sliding the entire length of the shaft into your mouth and
down your throat, your tongue busy all the time.
 
I am panting now, nearly ready to come, when you stop.  A single
drop of fluid emerges at the tip of cock my and hangs there.  You
smile at it and flick it off with your tongue.  My world is hazy
with pleasure.
 
You rise to your knees and straddle my chest.  As I look up, your
breasts fill my vision.  I am conscious of your wet cunt on my
bare chest.  I reach up and take your breasts, one in each hand.
I gently pinch and roll the nipples, feeling them respond.  You
squirm as you squat on my chest and I can feel the slipperiness
of your cunt.
 
I hold the cheeks of your ass with my hands and pull you towards
my mouth, until your warm and dripping cunt is inches from my
mouth.  I pull your body to me until my mouth is sucking greedily
at your clit once more.
 
Abruptly, you pull away.  I try to pull you back to me, but you
have turned around, presenting your sweet, firm ass to me.  I
stroke your buttocks, and as I spread your legs to suck on your
clit once more, I feel your hot mouth on my cock.  There is an
urgency now which has not been present before, as though our time
together were nearly expired.  Your mouth is busy at my cock,
sucking, licking, nipping.  I suck and lick your clit, putting
three and four fingers deeply into your hot cunt.  I lick your
sweet ass, then insert a finger.
 
I hear you gasp in response.
 
You withdraw from me once more, and turn around, lowering
yourself onto my cock, burying it to the base.  Your knees are
drawn up close to your shoulders and your eyes roll back, showing
the whites.  You rock back and forth, impaled on my throbbing
cock.  I grasp at your breasts, now slippery with sweat, then
spread the cheeks of your ass with both hands.  As I continue
thrusting, I gather some of the juice coming from your wide cunt
and spread it on the middle finger of my right hand.  I thrust
that slippery finger deep into your ass.
 
You are wailing and screaming now, gyrating and bucking wildly,
impaled on my throbbing member, as you approach orgasm.  I marvel
that I have been able to last so long, but I, too, feel the
inevitability of my own climax.
 
Locked together, we writhe on the matted grass, slick with sweat
and with the profuse juice from your cunt.  We are breathing as
one now, gasping for breath; you begin to give out short cries,
rising in pitch as your body reaches orgasm.  All sensation in my
body seems to be focused on my cock, throbbing with a life of its
own.
 
Then, with an explosion we can nearly hear, we come.
 
I feel the hot semen spurt from my cock, filling the cavern of
your cunt.  The mixture of our own juices spills out onto our
bellies, mixing with our sweat and making us slippery.
 
You pull away and spin your body around, presenting your dripping
cunt to me.  I feel your lips on my cock again, and I press my
face into your cunt, licking the mixed juices.  I feel your mouth
and tongue on my cock, sucking it clean.  Soon we lie side by
side on our backs, head to foot, exhausted.  Your hand plays idly
with my now limp cock, my fingers dabble in the juices of your
cunt.  Our breathing returns to normal.
 
Sadly, reality seems to be returning.
 
"How do I reach you?" I ask, feeling a sense of impending loss.
 
"I'll call you," you reply, unsuccessfully attempting your
earlier pixie smile.  You sit up and reach for your shirt and
cutoffs.  We dress together, silently.  The sun is lower in the
sky, and there is already the hint of a chill in the air.  I take
your hand as we walk back to the car, but your hand is slack and
cool in mine.  I open your door and you slide in.
 
I get in, start the engine and drive slowly away, willing the day
not to end, somehow knowing that I will never be the same.  You
sit silently against the passenger door, staring through the
windshield.
 
"You never told me where you wanted to go," I offer, my voice
sounding hollow in my ears.
 
"It really doesn't matter," you reply. "I'll tell you where to
let me off."
 
We come into town and you gesture absently at the bus depot.
 
"This will be fine."  I start to protest, but you put your
fingers to my lips, giving me the smile I first saw in you, so
long ago.  "I'll see you again.  I promise."
 
And you are gone.  I curse myself for not getting your last name,
your telephone number, your address.  I don't know anything about
you, just the secret places of your body where I was able to
bring you pleasure.  Sometimes I drive back to that field where
we made love and imagine that you are back here with me.
 
I can still see where the grass was matted down by our bodies,
although it is beginning to spring up again.
 
I can hear your laughter as you skip through the long grass.
 
I can hear your moans and cries as your pleasure reaches its
peak.
 
Who are you, Lisa?  Do you exist only in my memory, having no
life outside my fantasy?  Or are you real?  You have taught me
the secret places of your body, where in giving you pleasure I
receive tenfold, a hundredfold.  You have taught me true
intimacy, not just performance; and I haven't had a chance to
thank you.
 
Standing at the edge of the field, feeling the sun pale on my
back, I sense that I am not alone.  Slowly I turn and you are
there, standing beside me.  I catch my breath; it is as though
you have never left.  You are wearing the same thin yellow t-
shirt and cutoffs, and the same smile.
 
I can think of nothing to say.
 
"It's okay," you say.  "You don't need to say anything.  I'll
stick around for a while this time."
 
You take both my hands in yours, looking deeply into my face.
Then the smile is back and you pull me to the car.
 
As we drive off together, I look at you sitting there, your legs
crossed, the cheeks of your ass peeking out from under your
cutoffs.  You catch me staring at you and grin back.
 
You slide over close to me and pull my free arm around your
shoulders.  My fingers brush your breast and you murmur
approvingly.
 
"Yes," you say happily, "I'm  definitely going to stick around
for a while."

--
