     Lidya suppressed another hiccup. It had been happening a lot
today. Ever since her mother had told her she had entered
puberty, whatever that was. Lidya didn't quite understand it.
When she suddenly shot up three inches over the summer, her
mother had sat her down and told her the facts of life. She told
Lidya how she would grow hair, and develop breasts and start her
periods. She didn't like the whole idea of puberty, she suspected
this hiccuping was just another cross to bear.
     Lidya looked down at Herbert. He looked tiny now, all the
boys did. Her mother told her it had something to do with the
fact girls mature faster than boys. It was weird to be taller
than the boys. 
     But being taller than Herbert had it's decided advantages.
She pushed him down into the grass. She got on top of him before
he could even try to get up.
     Straddling him, Lidya said "Say uncle." as she grabbed his
arms. He didn't have the reach even if she tried.
     "No fair", he bleated and tried one last time to wrest
himself from his grasp.
     "Say uncle" she repeated and this time started squeezing his
hands really hard.
     "Uncle, uncle!"
     Just then she hiccuped. A shooting pain went through her
chest. "Ouch. Stop it" she yelled as she got up off him,
disenchanted with the whole affair.
     "I didn't do anything" Herbert said with a tinge of fear for
her physical prowess.
     Lidya discerned a certain tight feeling to the pale blue
button up shirt she wore. She felt her chest, it certainly was
tighter. Another weird thing for today she thought.
     "Wanna go play in the Junkyard? Race you to the pole."
Herbert said, fairly relieved that her attention to her shirt
spared him her wrath.
     "Okay." she yelled and immediately started running.
     "No fair!"
     Lidya's longer legs proved a decided advantage. She
outgained him on the straight away through the Hapherd's long
grassy back yard. But the fence was her weakness. She had to lift
her leg up to get over it. She was to unfamiliar and clumsy with
her taller body to bound over it as Herbert did.
     "Dog." Herbert yelled just as she cleared the fence. Sure
enough the Driscoll's dog was running towards them at high speed.
They both made for the bushes along the north of the lot at the
same time. A few moments of negotiating the undergrowth and they
were out on Clampett's road, kicking up dirt as they went.
     Lidya was leaving Herbert behind again as she got into open
terrain. She turned around just long enough to see the Driscoll
dog appear from out of the bushes. Just as it normally did, it
was barking at them from beside the road, but not pursuing.
     The gate to the junkyard was only a few hundred yards away
now and Herbert was a good twenty feet behind. Just for good
measure, when she reached the gate she slammed it behind her. As
she passed by Pete she screamed hello as she went toward the
piled circle of cars that was her destination.
     In the distance she could hear Herbert's muffled cry of "No
fair." Now was the hard part. She had to get through the stacked
piles of cars. She had to creep slowly between them. It wasn't as
easy as it used to be, she was much bigger. Thirty seconds into
it she heard Herbert's footsteps approaching. This was going to
be close.
     She could see the center of the circle of cars now. It he
middle of it was an old flagpole, devoid of a flag. She was
squeezing between a 1977 Buick Electra and a Toyota when her
shirt pocket caught on the Buick's tail light. Suddenly she
hiccuped. It felt as if the two cars were coming closer together,
even though she couldn't see them moving. For a split second she
thought she was going to be crushed to death. But then the
pressure stopped building. She was relieved but that didn't
change the fact she was stuck tight.
     In the distance off to her right she heard Herbert moving
through the pile of cars. She couldn't allow him to win. She
mustered all her strength to push herself from her predicament.
Lidya felt as her shirt pocked rip, but in a second she was free
and bounding for the pole.
     Her shirt felt incredibly tight, but she felt a curious
pleasurable feeling as she ran. Then she noticed the slight
bouncing on her chest. Odd she thought, but she was still to
wrapped up in her victory to care much. She stood by the flagpole
as Herbert emerged from the ring of cars that marked their
private enclave.      
     "I win! I win!" she gloated as Herbert came up to the
flagpole. She felt a hiccup coming on, but managed to suppress
it.
     Herbert accepted his defeat with a modicum of resentment.
Until she had gotten so big he had always won.
     "What... ya ... want to play next? Pirates?" he said out of
breath. Then he started looking at her chest.
     "Nah... Lets go look for stuff." she replied, nearly out of
breath too. She noticed Herbert was staring at her shirt.
     "You broke your shirt" he said softly then pondered the
wisdom of what he wanted to say next.
     "Yeah. I'm getting to big to play in here. It's too tight a
fit." said Lidya. She looked at him curiously because he was
beginning to back up while still staring at her breasts.
     Herbert started chanting: "Lidya's got boobies, Lidya's got
boobies" over and over again. Lidya started getting angry, she
couldn't let such a serious indictment go unchallenged.
     She dashed after him.. They circled the flagpole a few times
before Herbert made a mad dash for the circle of cars. Alas for
Herbert, Lidya managed to drag him out by his feet and squat on
him again.
     "Take it back" she yelled as she twisted his arm.
     "It's true, it's true" he cried.
     "No it's not."
     "It is too, just look." said Herbert now nervous.
     Lidya looked down at her chest and was shocked to find two
small indentations in her previously flat shirt. She brought her
hand up to them and felt them. She felt a tingling feeling spread
throughout her body, something she had never felt before as she
palmed her breasts. They were tiny, They fit into her hands
perfectly. "Puberty..." Lidya thought.
     "They're as big as Wendy Triola's. Maybe even bigger."
Herbert said teasingly. He was somewhat surprised when she didn't
hit him.
     Lidya felt guilty and confused all of a sudden. Was this
right, her touching herself? Was it normal to grow boobies in a
single day. She was certain she didn't have them this morning.
     Herbert was confused by Lidya's sudden silent reverie. He
watched Lidya rub herself. Curious, he decided to try it for
himself. While Lidya was distracted he reached up and gently
cupped and rubbed her other breast. In the back of his mind he
expected a big reaction but not the one he got.
     Lidya suddenly felt a giant wave of pleasure wash over her
as Herbert touched her breasts. She was thinking about taking his
arms and twisting them, but as he massaged the pleasure grew even
greater.
     Lidya let out a moan of pleasure involuntarily. She felt a
hiccup coming on, but didn't have the presence of mind to
suppress it. She hiccuped.
     Herbert was surprised to find the look of abject pleasure
that crossed her face as he rubbed her little bosom in his hands.
the feel of her breast in his hands was having a strange effect
on him: he felt himself get warm and excited. He almost laughed
when the sound of her hiccup broke up her moan.
     Suddenly a new feeling that started in Lidya stomach began
to form, dwarfing the others. She felt a pressure, a bloat,
growing stronger and stronger. Suddenly the feeling moved higher
and higher.
     Lidya felt her breast swell. It increased filling her
hand... and growing out of it. She felt her left breast fighting
the strictures of Herbert's small hand. The resulting feeling was
indescribably good and she moaned again.
     Herbert was shocked when he felt her breast start to grow in
his own hand. So shocked in fact he didn't think to release the
squeeze on her until their incessant swell forced him too. With
Lidya squatting on top he saw in amazement as her bosom heaved
forward filling her tight shirt until it was taught With no where
else to go the expanding flesh spread up and down her chest. Just
as the strings of the buttons were being stretched the growth
slowed down and stopped.
     Lidya moaned louder still as her button up shirt compressed
her expanding breasts. She felt herself getting damp. In a fit of
passion she took Herbert's hand and pressed it to her enlarged
bosom.
     Herbert fondled her breasts through her shirt which was now
taught. He felt her swollen nipple through the shirt. It was so
much bigger than before, bigger even than a half dollar. He felt
himself getting excited.He wondered if this was what always
happened to girls when they played with their bosoms. It seemed
logical to him.
     Eventually the raw sexual passion that clouded Lidya's mind
was burned through by the stark realization of what happened to
her. In a matter of a few minutes her breasts had grown from a
gawky flat-chested girl's to a developing teenager's to a full-
grown woman's. Was this supposed to happen so quick? Her mother
had never said. She felt herself becoming beat red with
embarrassment.Herbert was staring right at her chest. The thought
of him seeing all of this made her want to die from
embarrassment. She turned away from him.
     "Stop looking at me" she said. Starting to cry.
     "You're as big as Miss Clarence now...." said Herbert as he
sat up on the ground.
     Lidya walked toward the part of the circle of cars farthest
away from Herbert. She started sobbing uncontrollably. She
thought of how all the other kids would laugh and stare at her
breasts. She remembered how all the kids at school laughed and
picked on Wendy, the girl with the biggest bust in school. She
even needled her. And now she was twice as big as her. She cried
even more. Why was this happening? She tried to hold her breast
in her hand, but even with her
     Herbert had never seen Lidya cry before, except when he hit
her. He tried to think of something to do. He wanted to make her
happy like she was a few minutes ago. He went over to her sobbing
form in the shadows. With her back towards him he reached with
both hands from behind and started massaging her breasts.
     With each heartbeat waves of pleasure starting pulsing
through Lidya. Her enlarged breasts were incredibly sensitive.
She welcomed the moments of pleasure that wiped away her fear of
what happened to her. Her underpants were soaking wet. With each
heartbeat she grew closer and closer to orgasm.
     Just then she hiccuped again.
     The now familiar feeling of pressure once again entered her
abdomen. This time the intensity was doubled.
     "Herbert, I think I'm growing again" she said as the feeling
spread up to her waist and into her breasts. She turned around to
face him.
     Herbert watched as Lidya's breasts filled up her shirt to
the breaking point. The seams on the left and right side of her
shirt burst between her armpit and the bottom of her chest.They
were oozing enlarging breast. Her breasts were wider than her
chest.Herbert watched as the buttons stretched more and more.
POP! POP! POP! The middle three buttons gave way and her
expanding bosom came closer to him. Inch by inch her bosom raised
until it stood a foot from her body. They grew a little more than
slowly stopped.
     "I've never seen anyone as big as you" said Herbert as he
stared.
     "What am I going to do?" Lidya moaned as she attempted to
get up. Her enormous chest weighed her down but she struggled to
her feat. Her balance was off and she stood shaking. She couldn't
see her feet.Her breasts felt huge and tense, almost as if they
might pop at any second.
     "Why is this happening to me?" she whispered almost
unbelieving of what her eyes saw. "I have to see a doctor or
someone" she said.
     Herbert followed her as she went to the nearest exit from
the ring. She tried it, but her breasts were so big, she couldn't
possibly fit into the space. She tried at the three other points.
They were even tighter.
     Lidya sat down in the middle of the ring, by the flagpole.
"I'm stuck here Herbert" she said. "I'm too big, I can't squeeze
through."
     "Maybe it's the hiccups" he said, not really listening to
her.
     "What are you talking about?"
     "The reason why you developed... You hiccuped each time they
got bigger" he replied.
     "Maybe" she said dejectedly. "You'll have to go tell my
parens to get me out." The thought of the embarrassment chilled
her.
     "Can I touch them" said Herbert as he came over to her side.
     "Why would anyone wan to do that" she said. Privately she
desired the feeling again.
     "Hiccups. What's the cure for that?" she said. Ending the
sentence with another hiccup.
     "Oh no." she said.
     The pressure in her abdomen was enormous. It spread
instantly to her chest.
     The last remnants of her blue shirt popped off her breasts
as they grew faster than ever before. Within seconds her breasts
had grown through the distance between her and Herbert. When her
breast reached him, the nipple on the end was he size of a dinner
plate and growing.He was pushed back by their explosive growth.
He stood back away as they grew larger and larger. Lidya's
breasts dwarfed her now and were still blowing up like two giant
balloons.
     "Hold your breath" Herbert yelled.
     He watched in horror as they continued their expansion. Her
breasts were halfway up the flagpole and were growing faster
every second. Her couldn't see her under the mass of expanding
flesh. Within seconds her breasts were higher than the flagpole.
     Suddenly they stopped growing. Her huge breasts quivered and
jiggled. All of a sudden he saw a line of milk dripping from one
of the enormous nipples. A similar line appeared on the other.
The dribble grew into a stream and then into a gusher. Soon he
and everything else in the circle was covered in it. Her breasts
were shrinking as the milk poured from them. They continued to
shrink and shrink until he could make out Lidya's feet, then her
legs and head. 
     Soon her breasts were about the size of a handful. She was
laying in a puddle of milk. Finally Lidya exhaled, then took in a
deep draught of air.
     "I don't think I'm going to like puberty, Herbert."
     

     They went skinny dipping in a pond not far from the dump.
Nothing eventful happened the rest of that autumn day, though
someone did report a missing blue flannel shirt.
