	      It was nearly midnight as I plodded through the woods
	 next to the old paper mill off of Highway 59.  I had sneaked
	 out of my house through the window in my room just an hour
	 before.  This is the place where I always went to calm myself
	 and think.
	      I was walking down the path that my feet had eventually
	 worn into the foliage on the ground.  I could smell the pine
	 as if that smell were intended just for me.  All that my eye
	 could see in all directions was the huge pine trees
	 generously spaced throughout the forest and shrouded in
	 darkness.  The ground was cluttered with pine needles and the
	 sky with stars.
	      I reached the clearing where I had erected a crude hut
	 just six months ago.  As I approached, I noticed that the
	 plank that I used as a door was slightly cracked.  I circled
	 around to the other side toward the window as quietly as I
	 could, fearing that some pot heads had found my retreat.  I
	 approached the window and peered inside.
	      I was caught totally off guard by what I saw.  There was
	 a girl of about sixteen years old lying on the mattress that
	 I had stolen.  Her clothes were scattered around the room
	 randomly, and she was lying with her eyes open staring right
	 at me.  She was quite attractive with short brown hair and
	 deep brown eyes.  Her face had no visible flaws and her lips
	 were thin and wet.
	      I noticed to my surprise that I was not embarrassed or
	 frightened, but fascinated with her perfect hips and firm
	 breasts.  As she sat up slowly, and not out of surprise or
	 fear, but curiosity, I noticed that I had become very erect.
	      She said to me in a perfectly comfortable voice, "Come
	 in."
	      So, I obviously went around to the front and walked
	 through the door.  She was sitting on the bed with her thighs
	 slightly parted, but not quite open enough for me.  She stood
	 up and walked over to me.  She led me over to the bed and
	 began to take off my button down shirt.  I could feel the
	 blood pumping through my very hard genital and I went into a
	 daze.
	      She removed my shirt and went straight for the button of
	 my pants.  As she was unbuttoning them, I kicked off my shoes
	 to avoid confusion.  Then she unzipped my zipper and sat me
	 down on the bed.  She pulled my jeans off and cast them
	 aside.  My erection was creating a rather large bulge in my
	 underwear.  She reached for them and began pulling them off.
	 As she got them past my penis, I felt the cool air caressing
	 it and I longed to put it in her  warm wet mouth.
	      She dropped my underwear on the floor and cupped my
	 penis in her hand.  A shiver ran up my spine as the touch of
	 her cool fingers penetrated my awareness.  She bent down and
	 I noticed her extremely luscious hips.  She put her tongue on
	 the tip of my penis and I thought that I was going to yell
	 out.  She slowly encased the tip of it in her mouth,
	 encircling it with her lips.  Her lips slid down it as her
	 tongue pressed against me.  She moved up and down, sucking
	 firmly, and I felt the wetness of her saliva and the warmness
	 of her tongue together.  It was almost painful because the
	 pleasure was so intense.
	      She continued slowly but smoothly for a minute or two
	 with my hands running through her hair and my head thrown
	 back into a position of ecstasy.  Then she lifted her head
	 off of my penis, cupping it in her hand again, and she kissed
	 me square on the lips.  I opened mine as she opened hers, but
	 our tongues did not meet at first.  I felt the wetness of her
	 lips that had just been on my lower body now on my lips.  She
	 kissed me like no other girl ever had.  She closed and opened
	 her mouth at just the right times, and she rubbed my penis at
	 the same time.  Then, as I opened my mouth again, our tongues
	 met for a fleeting moment and withdrew.  I extended my tongue
	 again and she caressed it with hers.  Our tongues did a
	 bizarre dance together while she stroked my penis to the
	 rhythm of our kiss.
	      My hands slid down her side as she rolled over on hers.
	 I slid them around her legs to her inner thighs.  She opened
	 her legs and I caressed her pubic area with my fingers,
	 making sure that I did not touch the clitoris.  The urge to
	 ram my fingers into her was very strong but I held off and
	 just messaged her inner thighs with my fingers.
	      She was pulling on my penis faster now and her kisses
	 were more intense.  With no hint at all, I let my index
	 finger slide over her lubricated clit.  She gripped my back
	 with her free hand and let out a slight moan.  I messaged her
	 clitoris, rubbing my finger up one side, down the other, up
	 the center, and so on.  She was pulling on my penis so fast
	 now that I had to purposely concentrate on not having an
	 orgasm.
	      I removed my hand and she removed hers as I slid down
	 the bed to kiss her.  I gripped her hips with my hands and
	 began to lick her thighs right next to her opening.  I licked
	 in a semicircle just above her clit to the other side and
	 then down her thigh.  I then concentrated on teasing her
	 clit, not quite touching it with my tongue.
	      She was running her hands through my hair and gripping
	 my head firmly.  She cried out in a soft but desperate
	 voice,"Please!"
	      I would not give in.  I caressed her libia with my
	 tongue, but I did not touch her clit.  Finally, as her grip
	 on my head tightened, I went strait up her clit with my
	 tongue.  She let out a satisfied whimper as I began tonguing
	 it.  I licked with a firm tongue up one side, down the other,
	 and up and down the middle.  I formed patterns of the
	 alphabet with my tongue.
	      Finally, after the taste of the juices had saturated my
	 awareness for a while, I lifted my head up and returned to my
	 position on top of her.  I leaned on one arm and help my
	 penis with the other.  I guided it to her opening and touched
	 it to her, being sure to miss the clit again.  I used it to
	 rub her and make her wish that I was in her.  She was
	 whispering "Now...Now," and I put it into her, but only about
	 half an inch.  I moved very slowly up and down, but only
	 fractions of an inch.
	      She panted in a demanding voice,"Enter me, please!
	 Please!"  After a little more teasing,	I quickly thrusted and
	 entered her.  Her cavity was warm and slippery as I moved my
	 hips up and down, meeting with her gyrating hips.  I had to
	 concentrate again on not reaching climax until I finally felt
	 her hands grip my back, her thrusts speed up, her breath
	 being held, and the muscles inside of her contracting on my
	 penis.  I finally released myself and I felt the come rushing
	 out of me in almost violent pumps.
	      As we were both climaxing, I gripped her back so tightly
	 that she let out a small yelp, and I felt her fingernails
	 drawing blood from my back.
	      Then the tension was released from my body in a rush and
	 I collapsed on the bed next to her.  She collapsed also and
	 we slept that night, arm in arm.
