		HOT FOR HILLARY (RODHAM CLINTON) (4/6)
 
		By B. Traven

"Hillary, ... did you?" he said in a concerned voice.
 
She smiled sweetly and ran her hand through his hair. He breast lightly
brushed against his chest.
 
"John, you don't need to worry about me.", she answered ambiguously.
 
They rested together under the sheets. 
 
"Hillary, what about ...?"
 
"Bill?" she completed the sentence for him.
 
"How noble of you in this day and age to worry about your lover's
marriage - especially after you have just gotten done fucking her."
 
She looked at his reaction and smiled when she saw the guilt on his
face that he had elicited.
 
"Don't worry. Bill and I have an understanding in our marriage. 
Our marriage is more of a political alliance. Bill can be very
charming and can be an effective campaigner and spokesman if he can
keep his pants on long. I, on the other, am the doer and the thinker
behind this partnership. I'm the one who has been working while he's
out fucking some bimbo."
 
"He's never been too interested in me much, anyway." she said with a hint
of sadness.
 
"I would find it hard to believe that there was any man who was not
interested in you, Hillary." he said reassuringly.
 
She got out of bed, standing there buck-naked.
 
"I'm a realist. I don't have the body of Gennifer Flowers, or Paula Jones 
most of the other bitches Bill fucks on the side.". She ran her hands over
her body. She looked damned sexy to him.
 
"But I don't have a IQ in the double digits like them, either. Besides, I
usually don't have a problem getting any man I want, as you should know."
 
He nodded slightly.
 
"When I was a girl growing up in Park Ridge, Illinois there were not many
opportunities for a young woman." she sat down on the bed and continued.
 
"This society was dominated by men who relegated women to the background.
I knew I had to escape this sexual domination by finding a different
avenue. In Junior High I formed the Lavender Club with a few special
girl friends. We renounced men and learned to explore each other bodies.
When I first had my pussy eaten and came with a violent orgasm,
I knew that I didn't need men. After school, members of the Lavender
Club would have have orgies and form daisy chains. Eventually this became
too tame and we graduated to more daring and exciting forms of sex, including
S&M and B&D.  Of course all of this was kept quite secret.
It wouldn't do for Dr. and Mrs. Rodham to know that their sweet little
Hillary was actually a bull dyke. I even would date boys occasional to
keep up appearances."
 
Hillary paused to let him digest this. She saw his expression.
 
"Don't be so shocked, John."
 
"Only part of the Club's activities was sexual. We built self-confident in
 our minds as well as our bodies. We helped each other in
 our schoolwork to the point that all members of our club were in the top
 10% of the school academically."
 
 Her fingers trailed down his arm playfully.
 
"After I left for college in Massachusetts the Lavender Club dissolved.
I was still secretly involved in Lesbian activities on campus,
but by my Junior year I started finding the Lesbian lifestyle
to be too limiting.  As a private challenge to myself I
set off to seduce a dorky-looking Freshman.
When I finally got him in bed he never knew what hit him. I dominated him
sexually and had him whimpering for more. Honing my sexual skills through
my years of sexual experimentation in the Lavender Club gave me an enormous
edge over any woman - or man. Seeing how easy it was to seduce a hapless
freshman, I wanted to see how successful I would be with a man who
was more of a challenge. I, then, tried the most sought-after man on
campus, the star quarterback. He was a big, handsome strapping guy who was
stuck up on himself and was surrounded by swooning co-eds. To my surprise
I found that I could dominate him just as easily as the first dork.
I fucked him until he was pleading for more. With the first crack of my
riding crop on his bare butt he was transformed from
from a Big Man on Campus to a whiny mama's boy.
When I cruelly broke up with him he cried like a little baby, begging me
to take him back. A few weeks later I read in the campus paper that 
he had committed suicide."
 
He winced.
 
"My lesbian friends were of course horrified that I would screw men, but I
knew I could have sex on my terms with either men or women
and enjoy every bit of it. I learned that sex was not really heterosexual or
homosexual, and, surprisingly, was not even primarily biological. Sex
was about power. The power to dominant and control another for the
mutual fulfillment of both parties."
 
She looked him in the eye for a reaction, and continued.
 
 
"When I met Bill at Yale we screwed heavily at first, trying to out-do
each another. But he was highly promiscuous, and tired of me quickly.
He is utterly lacking in commitments to anyone or anything.
He preferred screwing women whose IQ matches their bra size.
But he kept coming back to me because I was
the one who would write his papers for him and help him prepare for his
exams. He had political ambitions, and I knew he would do well because he
could charm the skin off of a snake - or the panties off of a co-ed - with
ease. We both knew we could form a partnership that would be mutually
beneficial to both of us. Another thing I learned was that not only
is sex power but that politics is also power. With each you need the skills -
and the strength - to get others to accept your dominance over them."
 
He looked at Hillary in disbelief.
 
"Do I shock you, John? Most powerful women have experimented with
lesbianism at some time in their life as means of symbolically
shaking off male sexual dominance. Many of the women in our
Administration became known to me
through lesbian circles. Roberta Achtenberg, of course, is openly gay. But
few people suspect Janet Reno, Carol Browning, Donna Shala, 
Dee Dee Myers and Jane Alexander, among others. Hah, if any of them were 
straight Bill would be fucking them, and the government would come
to a screeching halt."
 
She laughed at her own joke.
 
"No, I haven't had sex with any of them - lesbian sex
is probably too dangerous for me politically at this point. I will confess,
though, that I lust after Tipper. She is completely straight as far as
I know - at least as straight as any woman can be who is married to a tree -
but I would be willing to risk a lot to train Ms. Goody-two-shoes
in the art of eating my pussy." She laughed.
"She might even enjoy it."
 
"Enough of talking - let's fuck some more." He cock grew immediately in
response.
 
They screwed slower this time. Each extracting as much pleasure as 
possible from the other. He fucked in long deep strokes, and Hillary pushed
her hips forward to meet his thrusts.
 
The phone suddenly rang and she picked it up. He started to pull himself
out, but she held him by the buttocks.
 
"Hi, Bill. I was just thinking about you."
 
His cock started withering, but she pinched his ass and pushed her hips toward
him.
 
"Yes, I think the convention is going fine. Our healthcare proposals are
being very well-received."
 
She grabbed his balls, and he felt himself growing excited in spite of
himself.
 
"No, I didn't have to screw anyone yet. A flash of leg is all it takes
to get these old men to come all over themselves."
 
He was seriously fucking her now. He was close to coming, and thought she
was close too, although she expertly kept her voice calm.
 
She laughed.
"No, I wouldn't tell you if I was, Bill. You didn't tell me about
 the bimbo you screwed in our bed at the White House today, did you?"
 
He heard the voice on the other end of the phone get loud.
 
She was dripping wet, and their fucking was now making slight slurping
sounds that he prayed couldn't be heard over the phone. She wrapped her
legs around his ass, forcing his cock deeper into her.
 
She gave a evil laugh.
"I didn't know, Bill - it was a good guess on my part."
 
She quickly inserted a finger into his ass, causing his prostrate to trigger.
He came showing wave after wave of semen into Hillary. He had to bite his
knuckle to keep from crying out. He felt her body relax against him.
 
"Ok, Bill, say goodnight to Chelsea for me. And I hope you're planning
on sleeping alone tonight - the press will have a field day."
 
She hung up the phone, and smiled at him.
 
"That was Bill." she said cheerfully.
 
"I know." he groaned.
 
They laid back on the bed exhausted.
 
"Am I as good as Becky?" she asked.
 
His body suddenly tightened up.
 
"What? Do you know Becky?" He sat up on looked toward Hillary. Her perky
breasts were uncovered.
 
She smiled back at him.
"Sure. Becky Peterson, your ex. We lady lawyers have to stick together.
"Did you know she was just named a full partner in her firm?"
 
"Well, I heard she was in line for it." he replied.
 
"She told me you were tight-assed and very controlling. But you could
also be a good lay. That's what intrigued me about you."
 
He started feeling anger well up again.
 
"Oh, don't get mad. Women talk when they are together. I was just intrigued
by you, and when the opportunity arose, I selected you for my Secret
Service agent."
 
Her hands went under the covers. Hillary grabbed his cock and stroked
it lightly until it was hard. He thought he was utterly spent for the night,
but Hillary knew the right way to tough him. She was stroking him harder now
and he found his excitment building.
 
She withdrew suddenly. He pushed his torso over to her and looked at her 
pleadingly.
 
"Hillary?", he started touching himself.
 
"I want to you to do something first, John.", ignoring his pleas.
 
She pulled the covers down and opened her legs wide. She took his head and
guided it toward the dark junction of her legs.
 
He stopped her.
 
"Hillary, I, uh, ..." he stuttered.
 
"You what? Don't eat pussy. You probably wouldn't mind if I sucked your
dick. But it is too undignified for you to satisfy me? Besides its too
yucky and smelly.  The big macho Secret
Service agent with his big gun can't stoop to satisfy a lady." she sounded
angry.
 
In a calmer tone she said,
"John, look I know you don't like to do this. I had to talk my teenaged girl
friends into doing it, but once they did it they enjoying eating my pussy as
much as being eaten out themselves. Take your time, John. There are other
ways of satisfying a lady. Besides, after you do me, I'll do you." She rolled
her tongue in a suggestive way.
 
"I knew that would get to you." He imagined her pretty blond face covered with
his semen, and felt himself grow harder.
 
"Good. I'll show you, John." She guided his head gently but firmly. 
 
Her pussy was musky smelling but not altogether unpleasant. Hillary Rodham
Clinton's pussy was actually pretty with soft brown fur and lips opened
like an exotic orchid. He stuck out his tongue tentatively, barely touching
her outer labia.
 
"Deeper." She pushed his head further down. He had trouble breathing.
 
He stuck out his tongue again, entering her slit.
 
'A little bit higher." she demanded.
 
He moved his tongue a little higher along her crack and probed with his tongue.
 
Bingo. She squirmed. Hillary wrapped her legs around his head, trapping him.
 
He licked again and again. Feeling her body stirring.
 
"Harder but slower." she said with a slight crack in her voice.
 
He found the right rhythm as his tongue teased Hillary's clitoris.
She wrapped her legs tighter, suffocating him.
 
Her body was now shaking. He was surprising to find himself stirring, with
his cock now throbbing. He didn't really enjoy licking Hillary Clinton's
pussy so much, but found himself getting off on her reaction. Nothing was
turn-on like a turned-on sexy lady. And Hillary Rodham Clinton was one
sexy lady. He wanted her to come to a screaming orgasm.
 
He knew she was close as her hips started to jack-knife. An idea came to him.
As he continued licking her pussy with ernestness, he reached under her
buttocks and slipped his finger into her anus.
 
"Ooohhhh, John, Ahhhh." Hillary was out of control now, squeezing his
head until he saw stars. 
 
"Ohhhh . . ." She loosened her grip on him. Her body collapsed like a rag
doll. He moved his head back to the pillow. He hugged her and there were
both silent.
 
"That was good, John ... the best." He was feeling quite proud of himself.
She stroked his head.
 
She sat up with a start.
 
"John, I'm feeling tired. Can you go back to your bed." she said flatly.
 
"Uh, Hillary." he looked at her pleadingly.
 
"I'm sorry, John. I'm just too tired. Maybe you can finish yourself off."
 
He was smoldering with anger and got up and grabbed his clothes. Without
bothering to put them on, he went to the door. He paused and looked back.
She had rolled over.
 
"Goodnight, Hillary." 
 
No reply. Maybe she was asleep by now - or maybe just ignoring him.
 
He went out in the hall to his own room. He felt hurt and used and spent. He
vowed never to go near that fucken bitch again, even if meant his career.
On the other hand maybe she was just tired. He could remember times when
he had fallen asleep immediately after sex even if his partner was still
unsatisfied. Or maybe this whole thing was a game to her. She certainly
seemed to lose control over his incipient attempt at pussy eating, but
she seemed to snap out of the throes of her ecstatic orgasm pretty quickly -
so maybe it was an act.  Anyway, sleep. He needed sleep.
And maybe things would seem clearer tomorrow.
 
He dreamed of Becky during better times. It was their their honeymoon.
They had a picnic in the hills near San Francisco.
It was spring and there was a warm, fragrant breeze in the air.
They walked hand-in-hand through the
grassy pastures, full of love for each other. He knew nothing else in this
life would ever compare to this moment. They sat down together in
the grass, and kissed deeply. He ran his hand through her golden hair. He
looked into her beautiful eyes and realized that it was Hillary. They kissed
with warmth and deep affection. Hillary now unzipped his fly and teased the
tip of his engorged cock with her tongue. He laid there gazing into the
endless blue sky while Hillary's ministrations caused the heat in his loins
to slowly rise. Life was bliss.
 
He awoke sweaty. It was still dark, and he smiled as he recalled his
dream. He felt a wet mouth ernestly sucked his cock. Not sure if he was
still dreaming, he reached down.
 
"Hillary? ..." She continued to expertly work on his cock. bobbing her head 
back and forth. She took his root deeply into her mouth, lightly brushing 
his cock against her teeth. Her tongue darted, teasing the head of cock.
His heart was now pounding and he knew he was close to exploding. Just as
he felt he was about to shoot his load into Hillary's mouth. She got up.
 
 
She walked to the door without turning around. Her rounded bare ass wiggled
slightly as she walked.
 
"Hillary!!", he pleaded.
 
She laughed wickedly.
"Good night, John." She closed the door behind her.
 
The bitch! He was angry, hurt - and excited. It did not take him long for him
to relieve himself with his hand. He feel into a deep sleep immediately
afterwards.
