		HOT FOR HILLARY (RODHAM CLINTON) (3/6)
 
		By B. Traven
 
		**
 
He was at her side during the AMA convention, silently watching from the
background. No one bothered him or made eye contact with him while he took
care of security. He was amazed at how skilled she actually
was at working a crowd. Contrary to what he had thought,
she was at least the equal of her husband in social skills.
Hillary knew just how to adjust her sales pitch for her
heathcare package to suit various audiences. She could talk on
the same level on highly technical issues with a doctor, a medicare
bureaucrat or insurance company executive.
 
In spite of himself he found himself secretly admiring this amazing woman.
He also found she was not above using her feminine charms to make an
impression on men. Hillary could be very seductive, although very
discrete to the point that it was not apparent what she
was doing. While talking with a doctor she would sometimes
touch his arm intimately and look him longingly into his eyes with
her deep penetrating stare. During strategic parts of a conversation
Hillary would adjust her skirt innocently, momentarily displayed a flash
of shapely nyloned legs.  Other times Peterson trained eye
observed her during conversations where she leaned forward
as if the better hear the speaker. Of course by leaning forward Hillary
exposed a nice expanse of cleavage under her silk blouse, which certainly
did not go unnoticed by the hapless speaker. She had most men mesmerized,
and Peterson doubted that any of them realized what was going on.
This lady was a barracuda!
 
		**
 
Later that evening after the reception was over Hillary called to her suite.
When he entered he was surprised that none of her staff were with her. She
sat on an expensive, but uncomfortable looking, sofa. She was reading some
papers and had not acknowledged his presence up as he entered the room.
He knew this was actually another one of her power games, so he stood there
and waited patiently for her to finish reading. She was dressed in soft
blue, very feminine, robe that went well with her complexion. He had never
seen Hillary in nightwear before, but she was modestly dressed in her robe.
 
She finally put her papers down and looked up.
 
"John, I'm glad you could come." As if he really had much of a choice.
 
She gave him one of her penetrating looks that made him queesy. She smiled
sweetly.
 
"I was looking forward to this trip because of I thought we could get to
know each other better."
 
Alarms started going off in his head. She may
be powerfully persuasive and damn attractive but there was no way he would
let things go any further.
 
"Hillary, ..."
 
"John, why don't you sit down for a moment." Her blue eyes twinkled in the
soft light and he tried to look away. 
 
"John, just sit down for a minute. You look uncomfortable." She motioned him
to the couch next of her.
 
"I just wanted to discuss some security details." she added in a surprisingly
(for her) meek tone. He felt relieved but still apprehensive.
She just wanted to discuss security, which was entirely proper.
He grudgingly sat down but on the chair in front of her rather than on the
couch.
 
I'm always a bit apprehensive when I'm out of the White House.
Isn't it a bit unusual that the rest of my staff is on the floor below me
instead of on the same floor?"
 
He relaxed some more. She just wanted to discuss security.
 
"As I understand it, Hillary. There was not enough room to accomodate everyone
on the same floor as your suite. I have arranged for the members of your staff
to be located one floor below and for the remainder of the rooms on your floor
to be vacated as a standard security precaution." He felt comfortable
discussing a subject with her that he was well-acquainted with.
 
"There are three-shifts of officers provided by the Chicago police
department covering the lobby 24-hours a day.
There are six undercover FBI agents staying
clandestinely in this hotel, and a Bomb Squad provided by the US Army is 
on alert, and can be here in less than 10 minutes notice."
 
He was on a roll now, and became more animated.
 
"Also, a special phone", he pointed at the red phone on the end table,
"is provided with a direct line to the local Chicago FBI office
is available for you to use in any emergency."
 
He looked at her with a new-found confidence.
 
"Hillary, your security is completely provided for. We are trained
professionals here to ensure your complete safety. And don't be deceived
by appearances. We are trained to be discrete and stay in the background.
No official wants to appear in public surrounded by armed thugs."
 
She lowered her head, staring at the floor absent-mindedly.
 
"Well, John, ... I guess I'm been silly. I've been worrying about something
that you have thoroughly taken care off. I guess its easy to take the
work that you for granted. I may appear to be so self-confident and assured,
but sometimes I feel scared inside."
 
He had never seen her like this before. Very vulnerable. He just wanted to
give her a big hug and tell her everything would be alright.
 
She looked up at him. She smiled with genuine warmth.
 
"John, were are you staying?" Alarms started going off again in his head.
Watch it!
 
'I'm staying down the hall." he said careful. "But that is standard operating
procedure." he added quickly.
 
"So ... we're alone on this floor?" she smiled.  "By your arrangement."
 
He could feel his temper growing and fought hard to suppress it.
 
"Yes, Hillary. That is a standard and necessary security arrangement. I
provide your immediate security and can only do it if I am staying on the
same floor as you." he said a little too abruptly.
 
She thought for a moment.
 
"OK, it is a necessary security arrangement for you to stay on the same hotel
floor as me." she said in her lawyer voice.
 
"But, why", she paused for effect, "was it necessary for everyone else to
stay on a *different* floor." she smiled mischieviously.
 
"Hillary, ..." he fought to maintain control, "I've already explained that
there was not enough room for everyone on the same floor."
 
"Hmmm ... let's see, there are 8 rooms on this floor including my suite. There
are 6 staff members plus one Secret Service agent - yourself-. What is 
6 plus one plus one, John?".
 
"But I was told - you told me - 7 staff members were coming!", he said shrilly.
 
She smiled back at him.
 
"I must have miscounted, John."
 
"So we are alone on this floor by your own arrangement. How thoughtful of you,
John."
 
He imagined strangling her - her face becoming purple as he slowly
squeezed the life out of her.
 
"Now, we can fuck in private." The words shocked him, of course, coming from
her. But he was not going to be forced to do anything he didn't want to do.
She was no going to control him. 
 
"Hillary, I'm leaving. I will submit my resignation in the morning." he hissed
through clenched teeth.
 
She stood up and stared at him.
 
"John? ..."
 
Then Hillary did something he was totally unprepared for. She ripped open her
robe showing a white lacy nightgown underneath. The nightgown was pretty but
not revealing. She was trying to seduce him, but it wasn't going to 
work on him.
 
She, then, grabbed the high neckline of her nightgown and violently ripped it
down, exposed a rounded breast with a pink nipple. With surprising speed she
reached over and scratched his face, gouging his left cheek.
He had to fight the urge to strike her back. and rubbed the burning
scratch on his face.
 
Hillary Rodham Clinton stood there emotionlessly with her breast hanging
out of her ripped nightgown. Normally, any attractive woman, especially
Hillary Clinton would look extremely sexy to him standing before him like that.
But he was too angry to feel anything. Whatever she was planning wasn't going
to work on him.
 
She smiled confidently at him.
 
"You just raped me, John. You arranged for us to be alone on the same floor
together. You came into my suite armed, ripped off my nightgown and raped me."
 
"Rape is a serious offense. Under Illinois penal code rape is a class X
felony that carries a mandatory 8 year prison term.
Normally for a first offense it is
pled down to sexual assault with a possible probationary sentence, but I
have a feeling they will go for a maximum penalty for raping the First
Lady of this country."
 
She still stood there with her tit hanging out talking impassively.
 
"You are through, John. Your career is over. And your life will never be
the same. You trusted my security to you and you violated me in the most
vile way. You took what is most precious to any woman.
 
Incredibly, he saw tears well up in her eyes. She was a consummate actress
that he knew he could never survive in the courtroom. He was actually 
starting to feel guilty himself.
 
She stopped her histrionics for a moment and smiled at him slyly.
 
"You know I always get what I want, John. Now, don't feel threatened by that -
I've had to do whatever I could to make it as far as I have as a women in
a male-dominanted sexist society."
 
She softened her voice.
 
"John, would making love to me be so awful?
Don't tell me you've never fantasied about me. I'm sure many men would love
to fuck the First Lady."
 
She tilted her head and pouted in seductive way. Hillary did indeed look very
sexy standing before him with her breast hanging out of her ripped nightgown.
He noticed that her pink nipple was crinkled with excitment. He found himself
getting aroused in spite of his anger. 
 
"Like what you see?" She noticed him watching. Hillary circled her exposed.
nipple with her index finger.
 
"Rip the rest of it away." she demanded.
"Fuck me." she added.
 
He stood there transfixed.
 
Suddenly, she slapped him hard on his cheek with a hard crack.
"Do it!" she screamed.
 
 
Something snapped within him. He reached over and ripped away Hillary's 
nightgown with a violent tug. The degree of angry he displayed shocked him,
and he could tell from her expression that his reaction was probably more than
what she had bargained for. She stood there naked except for her lacy white
panties. Her nightgown was in tatters on the floor before her. She did have
better body than he had even imagined, with a smooth white complexion and a
sleek but curvy figure. Her breasts, though not large, were
good sized for her small frame. They were hung upright and were capped with
flower-pink nipples with large areolas. 
 
After her momentary shock at his anger, she re-gained her composture and
looked at his expectantly.
 
Needing no further encouragement, he ripped off her panties, leaving
Hillary Rodham Clinton completely naked. He studied her body feverishly.
Her bush was soft-fur that was light-brown
in color, (of course he already knew she wasn't a natural blond). Hillary's
ass was high and firm.
 
"Come on, lover." she said in a low voice.
 
He reached for her and kissed her deeply while running his hands over her
smooth nakedness. They both fell to the floor with him on top. He kissed her
earlobe, then the side of her neck. He made a trail of kisses down her front
until a salty nipple sprung into his mouth. He teased it with his tongue until
he could hear Hillary's soft whimpers. He sucked hungrily while his hands
found her buttocks and squeezed tight. She opened her legs automatically and
his cock pressed at her crotch through his pants.
 
"Let me." she said excited, and he picked up his hips so she could unzipper
him. His cock sprung free, angry and red. He pressed the tip against her 
pussy, and immediately found himself slidding without resistance
into Hillary's depths. She grabbed his buttocks and pulled him to her.
He thrusted lightly at first into Hillary but, then, harder as she pinched
his buttocks in encouragement.
 
"Oooh, fuck me." Hillary moaned.
 
He was fucking Hillary with abandon now, thrusting in and out hard.
He knew he was losing control and had to hold back now if he was going
to last. But Hillary grabbed his balls and squeezed lightly, causing him
to go over the edge into a shuddering climax where he pumped semen into
Hillary in violent spasms. Spend and exhausted he laid on top of her until
she motioned for him to roll over and led him to the bed.
 
 
He looked into deep blue eyes and couldn't help but smile.
