		HOT FOR HILLARY (RODHAM CLINTON) (1/6)
 
		By B. Traven
 
"Hillary is both Clinton's greatest asset and greatest liability
 to Clinton's campaign for the White House. She is intelligent and has
 a successful career of her own. She is also attractive, which is a two-edged
 sword - with most men wanting to go to bed with her, and most women
 wanting to scratch her eyes out."
	- Time Magazine, Febuary 1992
 
"Well, I could have stayed home and baked cookies."
	- Hillary Rodham Clinton, March 1992
 
"It is should be the sole goal of all Republicans - indeed of all
Americans of conscience - to devote their lives for the next few years
toward the removal from the White House of President Clinton and her
husband Bill." - Roger Ailes, April 1993, Republican campaign strategist and
					       president, CNBC 
 
"Hillary Rodham Clinton is a disaster to this country.
 She is far left of the American mainstream, and is unaccountable to anyone."
		- William Rusher, National Review, June 1993
 
"Near the top of the list [ of women that men would most like to screw ] would
 be the First Lady - Hillary Rodham Clinton"
		- Al Goldstein - Screw Magazine, March 1993
 
"The whole fabric of human existence is that of domination and submission."
		- Friedrich Nietzsche
 
 
		**
 
John Peterson toweled the sweat off his forehead after coming back
from his daily run. Peterson was a large muscular man almost 6' 4". He
had dark hair that was cut short and always perfectly combed.
He carried his large frame in a ramrod straight posture that gave
him an towering, almost menacing appearance, the kind that would make
men sometimes instinctly back away when he entered a room.
If anyone got close enough to look into his steel-grey eyes,
though, they would see no menace; they would instead
see a surprising depth and a hint of sadness.
 
When back home in D. C. he tried to catch up on the swimming and
weight-training routine at the gym. Since joining the Secret Service two
years ago, however, he was rarely at home. Peterson enjoyed the travel and the
feeling of power it gave him to protect the lives of officials in the name
of the Secret Service. People were deferential and respectful to him as if
he had the same authority and power of the official he was protecting. While
on President Bush's detail in the final months of his administration,
he privately imagined that he was the president. Of course he kept such
silly fantasies to himself because he was very much a professional.
 
Since his divorce a few years ago, his career in the Secret Service
had taken over an even larger part of his life.
He and Becky had parted amiably after 5 years;
and being childless made it easier for both of them to call it quits. She was a
lawyer in a prestigious law firm in D. C. and was said to be on a fast track
to becoming the firm's first female partner. Maybe he was old-fashioned,
(A Neanderthal according to Becky in a heated argument), but he still
envisioned the ideal home life to be one were the loving wife and children
were home to greet him after a long, hard day. He realized now that he
was trying to escape from the less than ideal home life with Becky by 
joining the Secret Service.
 
In college he joined the ROTC, and following graduation he was commissioned
as an officer in the US Army. He enjoyed the structure of military life and
had a promising career in the service. After eight years at the rank of Captain
he surprised many by leaving. With a old college friend he started a security
business in D. C. that did remarkably well. He met Becky at a party. She
was a vibrant, fresh-faced blond who looked more like a farmer's daughter
than a law student of Georgetown. They hit off immediately, and
married a few months later following her graduation. Life with
Becky had been wonderful at first, but they both worked long hours,
and eventually drifted apart. A few years later through a friend
he had learned of the Secret Service and, on a lark, filed an application.
Based on his military record he had no problem being accepted.
Selling his share of his growing security
business to his partner had been difficult, but Peterson enjoyed the
military discipline in the Secret Service that he found lacking
in his life. Being away from Becky every other week had, of course,
paid its toll on what was left of their marriage. He regretted that
things hadn't worked out differently, but they were probably headed for
an eventual split anyway, even if he had not made the choice to join the
Secret Service.
 
He didn't have a steady relationship but he had an active sex life
that was free of commitments. A handsome, fit man in
his mid-thirties like himself had more than his shares of conquests. Being
in the Secret Service helped in that respect too, because, unknown to most
of the general public, politicians were
usually trailed by groupies who were eager to fuck the brains out of the
handsome Secret Service men who guarded them.
 
		**
 
His first detail was highly-sought one among those in the Secret Service. He
was assigned to guard the President of the United States himself. He enjoyed
being with President Bush who treated him as a colleague rather of as a
servant or as part of the wallpaper. He was saddened when President Bush
lost the election. There was a gloom over the White House for weeks afterward.
At Christmas time President and Mrs. Bush invited him to join them for a
family Christmas dinner in the White House. It was like the home life he
had always dreamed about. Later in the evening after
singing Christmas carols before the crackling fire of the fireplace,
the President and Mrs. Bush presented him with what is now his most prized
possession - a gold Rolex watch. It was actually against Secret Service
rules to accept gratuities but knew he could not give up such a wonderful
gift.
 
Like many of the aides and Secret Service men he fought back tears when
President Bush departed later in January. As a Secret Service agent he was
supposed to be apolitical but he had very negative opinions both
from a political and personal perspective about the usurpers that came to
replace the Bushes. He was always a professional; and he when he was
assigned to guard President Clinton he kept his personal feelings in check.
But he was immediately repelled by the boyish impetuousness of Clinton who 
ordered him around like a servant. Although obviously bright, Clinton
lacked any sense of personal discipline. In public he could be exceedingly
charming; and it was with this charm that he managed to snake his way
into public office and the beds of a long string of attractive women.
Bush was a father figure to him; but Clinton,
although over 10 years older than Peterson, appeared like a spoiled little kid
who Peterson had to approach gingerly to keep him from throwing a tantrum.
 
Perhaps Clinton sensed some of his personal animosity because a few weeks
later Art Green, his supervisor, called him into his office to tell Peterson
he was being taken off the Clinton detail. Although the Presidental detail
was the most desirable detail among Secret Service agents, he was privately
relieved. He almost resigned on the spot, though, when he was told his
next assignment.
 
"Mrs. Clinton?" his voice cracked.
 
"Yes. We've had a request for you to guard the First Lady."
 
"A request from who?", he fought to keep the emotion from his voice.
 
"Mrs. Clinton." Green said carefully.
 
He had, of course, met Mrs. Clinton while on the Presidental detail but he
was surprised that she would single him out. He had secret animosity against
Clinton but he didn't have any particular feelings about his wife. He knew
Hillary Rodham Clinton had a successful career of her own as a lawyer - much
like Becky. Unlike most First Ladies who confined themselves to re-decorating
the White House he heard that she acted as kind of a co-President. Some
people resented her taking on Presidential powers for herself,
but after seeing her husband in action, he was sure he needed all the help
he could get!
She appeared cold and formal - even toward her own husband; and she smiled
only in public.  Privately, the other Secret Service agents referred to her as
the "Ice Queen".  As a man he couldn't help to notice that she was really
a hot looking lady with liquid, penetrating eyes and with a hint of a
really good figure under her business attire.
He felt flushed with shame and fought to suppress these thoughts.
 
"... take it or not?" he heard Art say as Peterson snapped out of his reverie.
 
Guarding the First Lady was hardly a plush assignment among the SS guys but
he knew he could get stuck with an assignment busting up illegal whiskey
stills if he wasn't careful.
"Besides ... she's a hot looking lady", he heard his mind echo.
 
"Yes. I'll do it." he said, trying to put some iron into his voice. And
he knew he was playing with fire.
