                       Hired Hand
 
          by Derek Adams

It was going to be my last summer on the farm.  I'd graduated from high
school and managed a scholarship at the state university about two hundred
miles from the small farming community where I lived with my folks.  I was
looking forward to going away to college, but I also knew I'd miss the
rhythms and cycles of the farm labor I'd done since I was a kid. 

I had acted as my Dad's hired hand since I was twelve years old.  Now,
with me going away in the fall, there was no way the folks could handle
the place by themselves, so my Dad was busy interviewing men to find a
replacement for me. 

It wasn't an easy process.  One guy came over to the house reeking of
booze.  Another was over sixty-five, looking for some light chores to
supplement his retirement.  Most of the others were college-age guys like
myself, looking for summer work.  Dad was getting pretty discouraged by
the time that Jack Pomerantz finally came along. 

Jack had owned a farm in Iowa until his loans had been called in by a
failing bank when it was taken over by a big East Coast banking concern
that evidently believed vegetables grew in the bins at the supermarket. 
He'd tried life in the city but said he was totally miserable away from
the land.  My Dad liked him immediately and hired him on the spot.  I was
going to help him get used to the routines here on the farm--my Dad was
very particular about how things were done.  I was happy as hell about the
whole thing, because it gave me an assistant and someone to talk to. 

Jack was a dedicated worker, treating the place like it was his own. 
Between the two of us, chores got done in record time and we had the
opportunity to start on my Dad's long wish list of improvements.  It
didn't seem to matter what we did--setting fenceposts, clearing brush or
building an addition to the barn--Jack was fast and meticulous. 

I liked him a lot.  He was somewhere between thirty-five and forty, tall,
dark-haired and built like a man who's done heavy manual labor all his
life.  When he'd strip out of his shirt during the heat of the day, I
couldn't keep my eyes off of him.  His arms were huge, his biceps and
triceps jumping and knotting every time he lifted something or pounded a
nail or sawed a board.  His broad chest was covered with long silky hairs
that were usually plastered flat with sweat to the bulging mounds of his
pecs.  His gut curved out slightly when he was at rest, but I'd seen it
snap into a wall of ripples many times while we worked together side by
side. 

I was in pretty good shape myself, even though Jack outweighed me by about
forty pounds.  Years of wrestling with bales of hay and all the other work
associated with life on the farm had sculpted a body that I was very proud
of.  My only regret was the fact that I was doomed to be hairless.  I had
about six hairs on my chest and a fairly respectable bush above my prick,
but other than that I was smooth as a baby's butt. 

"It shows off your muscles, Tom," Jack had said philosophically when
brought up the subject while we were mucking out the stalls in the cow
barn.  "No use hiding a build like yours." 

"Thanks.  I just wish I had a chest like yours." 

"You like that, huh?"  he asked reflectively, rubbing his hand over his
Šchest, making the sweat-damp hairs stand up in little spikes in the
valley between his pecs.  "I never thought much about it, one way or the
other." 

"Most people don't spend time worrying about what they've got," I
chuckled.  "Damn, it's hot today.  You interested in going for a swim
after we knock off for the day?" 

"That sounds like a first-rate idea, Tom.  You're on." 

I had a special swimming hole that I hadn't shared with anyone, not even
my good buddies at school.  It was way down at the back of the north
pasture, hidden by a thick growth of wild plum trees so you couldn't see
it until you were damn near in it.  It was really just a wide spot in
Jackson's creek, but it was a good eight feet deep in the middle and the
water was always refreshingly cool.  The bank was grassy and the breeze
seemed to blow there, even on the hottest day. 

One of the main reasons I'd never shared it with anybody else was because
it was my favorite place to jack off.  Oh, the bathroom will do in a
pinch, or even the bed, but nothing compares to lying back in the late
afternoon sun, soaking up the rays while you're choking your hog till it
blows off, leaving you all relaxed and dreamy and sort of tingling all
over. 

I'd usually swim a little first, just to get rid of all the sweat and
grime accumulated during the day, then sprawl out on the bank and take
matters in hand.  I was always so damned horny that I'd be hard by the
time I climbed out of the water, my boner poking me in the belly.  I'd
point it straight up in the air and work the juice tube running up the
underside till my honey would start to ooze.  Then i'd smear the sticky
liquid all over the fat head of my cock, till it glistened in the sun. 

Usually, by that time, my old one-eyed buddy would be twitching and
throbbing, demanding more friction than I could give it with just one
sticky finger.  I'd wrap my hand tight around the thick shaft and start
doing what comes so naturally to me. 

I gotta admit, I sort of get off on looking at myself while I'm beating my
meat.  I'd tense up my belly and flex my pecs, running my free hand along
the ridges of muscle under my tanned hide.  Seemed like the harder i'd
tense up, the bigger my dick would get, till the head sometimes looked
like it was going to explode. 

That usually meant that I was getting close--real close.  I'd pick up the
pace, groaning and panting as my fist flew up and down like a speeded-up
film.  My balls would draw up in a tight knot between my legs and i'd howl
as my toes started to curl, scaring the birds out of the trees above my
head. 

Sometimes I can't believe how much juice I pump when I do finally pop my
cork.  I usually point my dick straight up and watch the thick strings of
white goo arc up high in the air before splattering back down across my
thighs and belly.  I estimate my best shot to be about five feet, straight
up--but that's only a guess.  By the time the last drops get milked out
and dribble down over my fist, I usually look like somebody's poured a
bucket of heavy cream all over me.  My damned balls must work overtime
building up a fresh supply every day. 

"This is it," I said, standing aside and letting Jack pass me on the
narrow path i'd worn through the tall grass.  He walked over to the edge
and stood there, hands on hips, looking all around him.  I'd never paid
much attention to his back, but it was quite a piece of work.  His Šspine
was cut in between two deep ridges of muscle, and his shoulders looked a
yard wide in contrast to his narrow waist. 

"Perfect," Jack said happily.  "You've found the ideal place, Tom.  I
appreciate you bringing me here." 

"Last one in!"  I hollered, kicking off my work shoes and peeling out of
my pants.  I ran past him and dived in, hoping I could keep from springing
a hardon.  I failed.  The thought of being here with Jack had me more
turned on than I was ready to admit. 

I heard him dive in a couple of minutes later.  We swam around for a good
ten minutes, relishing the cool water and the chance to get clean.  I
finally scrambled out onto the far bank and rolled over on my stomach to
hide my boner.  It usually wouldn't go soft till I beat off, but that
could be a problem today, considering I had a guest and all. 

Jack splashed around a bit more, then swam to the shallows and stood
there, shaking the water out of his curly hair.  The sun was behind him,
so all I could see was his silhouette.  I'd never seen him without his
pants before, and I was glad to see that his legs lived up to the promise
of the rest of his body.  His thighs bulged out thick and tight and his
calves were knotted with muscle.  He stretched mightily, then walked to
the bank and dropped down onto his knees, right in front of me. 

I did a double-take when I saw his cock.  It was huge, hanging halfway
down his hairy thighs, dangerously thick, even now, completely soft.  The
skin on the shaft was loose, like it had been stretched so far so often
that it no longer sprang back tight.  Looking down the veiny shaft I
noticed that this skin hung down a good inch beyond the fat knob on the
end.  I'd been cut as a baby, so had never known what it felt like to have
a hood fitting nice and snug over the head of my dick.  His big balls hung
low, swinging back and forth slightly, a few last drops of water from the
creek glistening on the individual hairs on his bag.  I would have given
anything to reach out and touch him, just to see if he felt as good as he
looked. 

"Tom, you still here?"  I jumped guiltily and could feel myself blushing. 

"Yeah, i'm here," I mumbled, looking him in the eyes. 

"I just said thanks for bring me out here.  This is the best."  I kept
expecting him to lie down beside me, or at least sit over to one side, but
he didn't move.  I had a very anxious cock poking me in the gut, so I
wasn't in any position to move either.  It looked like I was stuck staring
at his big meat, for the moment at least. 

"Man, you've got a goodlooking butt," Jack said out of the blue.  I didn't
believe my ears at first, but then he kept on talking.  "Looks like a
couple of ripe honeydew melons, smooth as silk.  I'll bet they're hard as
a rock." 

"Yeah," I croaked, "I guess so."  Jack leaned over and put a big paw on my
left asscheek and I damn near jumped out of my skin.  His calloused palm
felt good against my skin as he kneaded the mass of muscle with his
fingers.  When I opened my eyes, his cock was so close to my lips, I could
have stuck out my tongue and licked it.  I couldn't tell for sure, but it
looked like all those stretch marks on the skin of the shaft were starting
to get smoothed out. 

By the time Jack straightened up, I was damn near ready to cum, just Šfrom
the pressure of his hand on my ass.  A quick glance at his cock left no
doubt that he was getting turned on as well--it was starting to angle out
away from his thighs, the hooded snout pointing right between my eyes. 

Next thing I knew, Jack had slipped his hands in my armpits and hauled me
up off the ground.  My belly slapped against his, my boner throbbing
between us.  "What...what are you...doing?"  I managed, my hands gripping
his biceps.  He grinned at me, but made no move to let me go. 

"I figure if you weren't interested, you wouldn't just lie there and let
me play with your ass.  How about a little romp with the hired hand? 
Feels like your prick's ready to play around." 

"I didn't...I mean I've...I've never..."  I spluttered to a stop, too
shocked to do anything but stare at the stubble on his square jaw.  True,
I'd had more wet dreams about the guys I knew than about girls, but I
figured that it was just lack of experience.  I'd certainly never
considered having sex with a man--at least not until now.  Jack's body
felt so good and he was such a nice guy that I wasn't getting any of the
disgusted feelings that I'd read about in our health class during freshman
year.  Besides, feeling the broad back of his prong pressing up between my
legs sort of made it hard to concentrate on anything else. 

"Don't worry about that," Jack said, tightening his hold on me.  "I figure
you can learn the basics real quick.  You're a pretty smart guy and you
seem to have a definite interest in the subject."  I looked up at him for
a minute, then nodded.  He winked and kissed me all of a sudden.  It was
pretty weird kissing a grown man with a heavy beard, but his mouth tasted
like the piece of straw he chewed on all day, and when our tongues touched
I felt like I'd just shorted out my whole system. 

Jack kissed me for a long time, ramming his tongue down my throat,
tickling the roof of my mouth with it.  When he finally came up for air I
sank back on my haunches, panting and trembling. 

"That skin hanging off the end of your dick is so hot," I said, feasting
my eyes on it.  His prong was stiff now, jutting out from between his
hairy thighs, bobbing up and down with his pulse. 

"You wanna play with it?"  he offered, pinching it between his thumb and
forefinger and giving it a tug. 

I reached out and stroked it with a fingertip.  "That must feel real
good," I mused.  It was hot and dry, soft as the belly skin on a new
puppy. 

"Most things wrapped around the end of a man's cock feel real good,"  Jack
laughed, reaching down between my legs and grabbing my dick.  "You want to
see just how good it feels?" 

"What do you mean?" 

"Get up on your knees and I'll show you."  I did as he asked.  "Now, scoot
a couple of inches closer, and I'll demonstrate."  He pulled his foreskin
out, stuck two fingers into the loose end and pulled it out tight.  "Why
don't you stick the pretty pink tip of your prick in there?"  He hooked
the hood over my knob and my meat smacked my gut, leaking like a faucet. 
"Better hold on to that thing, Tom," he chuckled. ŠI grabbed my cock and
held it steady while Jack slipped it on me again.  Man, it felt wild!  It
was hot and soft and I could feel the sticky bulb on the end of his huge
dong as we butted together, pisshole to pisshole. 

"Go on and stretch it back as far as you want to," he growled, putting his
hands on my shoulders.  "I don't mind sharing."  Keeping one hand around
my shaft so I wouldn't break contact, I wrapped my fingers around the base
of Jack's hog and slowly measured along every throbbing inch.  When my
fingers bumped against the ridge of his crown, I had enough skin bunched
over my meat to cover the head and the sensitive nerve trigger just
beyond.  I mashed our knobs a little tighter and rubbed the hood around. 

"Shit!"  I croaked.  "I'm gonna cum."  My body shook and heaved as I blew
my wad.  It filled the cap we were sharing and squirted out around the
edges, dripping onto the grass below us.  Jack started pinching my tits
with one hand and tickling my nut bag with the other while I continued to
shoot him a skinful.  After I was done, he scooped a big glob of cum
before it dripped off my dick and licked his finger clean. 

"You ever eat your own cum?"  he asked.  I nodded and he scooped up
another glob.  "You oughta try it," he offered, putting his finger to my
lips.  I flicked my tongue out and got my first taste of jizz.  Even
though it was my own, it tasted pretty damned good--salty and bittersweet. 

"More," I grunted, sucking on his finger again.  He scooped up another
glob and I cleaned that one up as well. 

"I know where there's plenty more you might want to go after," he said,
looking down between us.  My dick was still tucked up inside his hood,
showing no signs of going soft in the near future.  "Feels like I got me a
mouthful packed around the end of my dick.  You're welcome to check it
out." 

I nodded eagerly and slowly pulled back till the connection between us
broke.  Cream started dripping out the end of his meat like he was
shooting his load, but it was my cream.  I knew he hadn't cum yet.  I
hunkered down to the level of his crotch and moved in to striking range. 
Up close his dick looked even bigger, the veins along the sides of the
shaft puffed up full and tight.  I grabbed on to it, keeping the skin
bunched up over the knob and stuck his dick into my mouth. 

My tongue was soon covered in my own juice, slipping down my throat as I
used my tongue to clean Jack up.  After I'd sucked out as much as I could,
I dug my tongue up inside and ran right into his sticky knob.  I could
even feel the gaping pisshole against my tongue as I licked away. 

I sucked his skin up over my tongue, cleaning up the last traces of my
mess.  After I had finished with that, I became aware of a new taste
filling my mouth.  It still tasted like man, but it was Jack's honey that
was now slicking my tongue.  I glanced up and saw that he had his eyes
closed, a big grin splitting his face.  Knowing that he was getting off on
this inspired me to continue.  I finally let got of his dick skin and
started to explore the rest of his long pole. 

His knob was red as a cherry when I finally bared it to the light for the
first time.  It was all slimy with juice and spit, trailing a steady drool
of clear stuff down to the ground.  His hood ruffled up behind it like a
wrinkled collar.  I rubbed my lips all over the spongy mass of tissue,
getting a rush every time it swelled up tight from the attention.Š "Go
down on it," Jack directed me, putting his hand against my neck and urging
me forward.  I opened wide and the first few inches slipped into my mouth. 
"Oh, man, that feels so good.  Suck it, Tom.  That's it.  Suck it hard as
you want.  It ain't gonna break.  Oh, man, you've got a natural talent
there, buddy.  That mouth was made to suck dick.  Oh yeah!" 

I did everything I could to please him, repeating any moves that made his
dick flex in my mouth.  I wanted to swallow him all the way down to the
bush, but his meat curved up at the end, and there was no way I could
manage it at this angle.  So, I contented myself with working what I could
get at, watching his nuts slowly draw up into a tight hairy knot, almost
totally hidden by his thick, curly bush. 

"Don't let go, but I'm gonna move," Jack said hoarsely.  I kept sucking
while he laid down on his side, his head tucked between my legs.  He
kissed the tip of my prick, then swallowed it all the way, kneading my ass
while his hot breath made the downy hairs on my balls stand on end. 

I noticed right away that from this angle, Jack's dick was curved
perfectly to slip down my throat.  I rammed forward, but came up quick,
gagging and coughing.  "Take it easy, dude," he purred, coming up off my
dick momentarily.  "You want to make love to that big old stiff muscle,
not cram your own tonsils down your throat.  Go slow and easy and you'll
get the hang of it quick."  I took his advice and on my third try I
slipped to within three inches of his balls.  I stayed there for as long
as I could, working my lips and my tongue and the muscles in my throat,
trying to duplicate what Jack was doing to me.  When I pulled off to catch
my breath, Jack spread his legs wider and I quickly started making my way
back down on him. 

I came a second time, shortly after Jack started blowing me, but he didn't
stop sucking and I was still hard, so I redoubled my efforts, determined
to make him join me as soon as possible.  Sucking him was an incredible
turn-on.  His crotch smelled like creek water and sweat and...well, like
him, I guess.  Whatever, it was a smell I'd never forget as long as I
lived. 

I was sucking like a champ now, bobbing up and down on him, pulling off
once in a while so I could nip at his hood.  His meat was so stiff that
there wasn't much skin to pull any more.  The dude must have grown at
least an inch since I'd been sucking, because there wasn't enough left
over now to cover his own knob, let alone mine.  He was starting to
whimper softly, leading me to believe that he was just about ready to
unleash a flood for me. 

I redoubled my efforts, jacking him while I sucked, rubbing his belly and
tangling my fingers in his bush like he was doing to me.  I felt his body
spasm and I went nuts, determined to drain his balls totally dry.  "I'm
gonna blow, buddy," he grunted, his head pressed against my thigh. 
"Better move your mouth unless you want to eat it."  I didn't move my
mouth.  Instead, I rubbed my tongue against his cumtube as hard and fast
as I could. 

His dick started flexing and I felt the jizztube swelling against my lips,
then the first spicy drops oozed onto my tongue.  I smeared them against
the roof of my mouth, savoring the taste, then the flood really began. 
His hips bucked against my face and he started shooting thick, creamy cum
down my throat.  The heat of his juice started a fire in my gut that
quickly spread to my cock and balls, making me shoot it for the third time
in less than a half hour.  I kept my lips firmly around the spout, careful
not to spill even one precious drop of Jack's Špungent cream. 

"Damn, I was wondering if I was still all in one piece," Jack chuckled
when I finally let his prong slip out of my mouth.  The shaft was all red
looking and his foreskin was tight and puffy.  "You gave that horn of mine
quite a workout.  You're hot as a fucking pistol, Tom.  Thanks again for
sharing your swimming hole with me.  Maybe we can come down here again
sometime." 

"How about tonight after supper?"  I suggested eagerly.  "There is a full
moon tonight.  This place is beautiful on a hot summer night."  I reached
over and ran a finger over the end of his meat, making his balls bounce. 

"After supper, huh?  Sure thing, buddy.  I think I'll be pretty much
recovered by then.  We can get into all kinds of trouble playing with that
skin of mine--if you're interested, that is." 

"I might be," I said coyly.  Jack smacked me hard on the ass and jumped
into the creek to wash off and get over to our clothes.  I followed him
and soon we were making our way back to the house and the hearty dinner
that was waiting for us in the old farm kitchen.  It looked like this was
shaping up to be the best summer of my life. 
