Archive-name: First/hischool.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: High School


My name is Phil Wheeler. I'm a sales rep. The events in this story
took place a couple weeks ago. I debated writing them down in my
computer journal. But I figure nobody else will ever find this
file, so why not?

I was only in town for two nights. I had morning meetings and the
rest of the days I had to myself. Even though it was the first time
I had been in Atlanta and I definitely was not into being a
tourist.

It was two in the afternoon and I was horny. Unfortunately the
middle of the day isn't the best time to find companionship, unless
you're willing to pay for it. I wasn't.

Lying in bed in the hotel, I debated masturbating and thought to
myself, "what am I going to? I don't want to sit around this room
until the bars get busy in only," I looked at my watch and rolled
my eyes, "seven hours."

I decided to take a long walk around Atlanta's downtown. After
almost an hour of window-shopping and girl-watching I found myself
across the street from St. Bart's High School for girls. It was
three and I heard a bell ring. The doors swung open and a horde of
hot high school girls poured out onto the sidewalk. They were
dressed identically--short plaid skirts, white shirts and knee
socks. I felt my rod twitch. My palms were moist as I watched the
girls start off in separate directions. A group of three crossed
the street and walked by me. I couldn't tell but it seemed like one
of them smiled at me. But she couldn't be more than fifteen. She
had long blond hair and chest was small but promising. Her eyes
sparkled blue and I couldn't take my eyes off her. When she was
about ten feet away she dropped a notebook. As she bent from the
waist to pick it up I saw her thighs and caught a glimpse of white
panties.

My penis was hard as a rock. I contemplated following her and
thought about the penalties for sex with a minor. But it didn't
matter. All I could think about was her smile and the thought of
pulling down those chaste white panties. I was compelled to follow
her. I guess being in a strange city, not having anyone to be
accountable to made the decision easier. The bottom line is my dick
was doing all my thinking because the next thing I knew I had been
following the three girls for close to twenty minutes.

As I walked behind the girls, keeping a good distance, I wondered
what the fuck I was doing. I mean, here are three incredibly cute
young girls...one of them was black. She could of passed for Lisa
Bonet except she was better developed. The second one had beautiful
red hair. She was tall, almost five-ten, and flat as a board.

Then there was the smiler. I kept picturing her lying on a bed with
her legs over my shoulders as I tasted her virginal pussy.

They stopped. They were standing a discrete distance away from a
liquor store. There was a dry-cleaner and bank on the same block
but something told me the liquor store was their destination. They
were looking around, trying to act bored. I suddenly realized they
needed someone to buy some booze for them. I wanted to run up and
offer but knew I had to keep my cool. So I sauntered up to them,
trying to look disinterested as I neared. When I was a few feet
from the door I heard someone say, "Excuse me, mister." Turning I
saw the blond. She was smiling sheepishly. "How would you like to
buy us a six-pack of beer. We don't have any I.D. and we'd really
appreciate it.

"My pleasure." She started to open up her purse. "Forget it." I
said, "this was my treat."

I thought my dick was going to rip through my zipper as I looked at
her full lips glistening as she ran her tongue over them.

"What kind of beer would you like?"

The red-head quickly said "Heiniken."

My eyebrows raised at her expensive taste. A moment later she
added, "please." Not that she had too.

The black girl said, "well, if you're paying for the beer, can I
give you a couple of dollars for some wine."

"Don't worry about it," I said.

When I came out I didn't see the girls anywhere. There was a police
car at the curb but it was empty. I wondered if they were just
playing a practical joke on me, seeing if they could get some
sucker to waste a few bucks on booze. I was bummed until I saw the
blond in dry-cleaner. I realized they were waiting for the cop to
leave. I started walking down the street slowly. I didn't want to
look behind me because I got the feeling there was a car following
me. My heart started to race. Was the cop going to bust me? The car
pulled up and it was a cab.

"Hop in!" It was the blond and she was smiling. As I got in, she
slid across the back seat to make room and I got another glimpse of
her white underpants. God I wanted to touch her pussy so badly.

So I'm riding in the back of a big checker cab with three nubile
young high school girls. "What are your names?" I asked. The blond
was Julie, the black girl was Alex, the red-head, Colleen.

"Where are we going?"

"Where do you want to go?" Alex, the black girl asked.

"Where ever you want to take me." I replied trying to sound cool
and not blow this opportunity. We ended up going to Julie's parents
townhouse. Both her parents worked and we could drink undisturbed.
When we got to the house I paid the cab. Julie's parents were both
doctors and the house was gorgeous. We're talking major bucks. We
went down to the t.v. room and Julie turned on the stereo. I picked
out a Talking Heads disc and we drank a toast to new friends.

I was sitting on the couch and Julie was sitting across from me on
this leather recliner. She had her knees up and every once in a
while she shifted to reach her drink and I saw the white of her
panties. My dick started twitching again.

I realized she was watching me looking at her. And that she was
smiling, ever-so-slyly.

I suggested that we add a little punch to the beers. In addition to
the beer and wine I had bought a bottle of pure grain alcohol. The
girls thought it was a great addition and I poured it in their
beers. Julie was drinking wine.

Not surprising the conversation came around to sex. Alex told me
that she had once seen her brother masturbate. I tried to hide my
hard-on as I looked into her deep brown eyes and said there was
nothing abnormal about jerking off. Julie didn't say a word but
finished her beer very quickly. Taking another, she poured it in a
big glass and added a big slug of alcohol.

At that point Alex excused herself and left with her backpack. When
she returned she had changed out of her school uniform. She was
wearing jeans and a loose sleeveless t-shirt that I knew would let
me see her firm tits when she leaned over for her wine.

Alex asked me what it was like the first time I had sex. I told
them I was fourteen when I lost my virginity. My partner was
seventeen and a friend of my older sister. Her name was Claire and
she had blue eyes and long black hair that went down to her waist.
She was very well developed and a cheerleader.

The night I lost my cherry she had been sleeping over our house and
in the middle of the night had gotten up to go to the bathroom.
When she was done she walked right into my room instead of my
sister's who was the next door down. I was reading Penthouse with
one hand. I was stroking my dick when she walked in.

As I told the girls this I watched their reactions. Alex just
stared at me while Colleen blushed.  Julie, very subtly, squeezed
her knees together.

Anyway, my sister's friend was probably more embarrassed than I was
and as she stammered an apology she started to leave. I don't know
what came over me but I said "wait a minute."

She stopped. I said, "close the door."

She did. I said, "its my turn."

She looked puzzled. "Its only fair. You saw mine, now I see yours.
That way we're even."

She saw the logic in what I said and slowly pulled down her panties
beneath her night gown. I stared and slowly stroked my dick under
the cover as the panties slid down her legs and she stepped out of
them. She hesitated for a moment. I'll never forget how she
looked...scared and excited, standing in my room, wearing a thin
cotton nightgown. Her large firm tits straining against the
material, her nipples clearly defined as they stood straight out.

"What are you waiting for?" I asked, getting impatient, getting
hot, not quite believing what was happening.

Slowly, watching my face, she pulled her night gown up over her
knees, over her thighs. Up it went and then I saw it, the dark
triangle, the first real pussy I had ever seen.

I was about to come when she said "wait, don't waste that on your
hand."

She took her nightgown completely off. She was standing there
proudly, with her compact little ass, her firm tits erect and her
pussy, just a few feet away from my waiting dick.

"So, how do I compare to your magazine models?" She asked as she
walked over to the bed. As she pulled the sheets away from me,
revealing my hard dick, she smiled. "I guess I have my answer."

She bent over and started to lick my dick from the base to the tip,
until it was glistening in a sea of her saliva. Then she took my
dick in her hand and started to stroke it. Real slowly at first. I
reached out and started to pinch her nipples. She stroked harder
and faster. I pinched her nipples harder and harder. With her other
hand she started playing with herself. She was rubbing her clit and
stroking my dick as I pulled on her tits. Just as I was about to
come she took my dick into her mouth and stuck her index finger
into my anus. I felt my entire crotch contract and I shot the
biggest load I have ever shot. The biggest until the next load I
shot as I got laid for the first time.

I looked at the girls. Colleen looked a little glassy-eyed. Alex
looked excited. Her nipples were denting her t-shirt. Julie said,
"let's play poker."

I smiled to myself. Colleen didn't want to but the girls talked her
into it. Alex came back with a deck of cards.

"What are we betting with?" I asked.

"How about clothes?" Julie said giggling. "The lowest hand has to
remove one article of clothing."

"Forget it." Colleen said. The girls couldn't convince her to play
for clothes but she would play for answers. The rules were, if you
don't want to remove an article of clothing you have to answer any
question asked, if you don't answer then you have to do whatever
the group decides. By now my dick was dying for attention and I
hoped I could make this game go quickly.

Alex dealt the cards and Colleen lost the hand. "Okay tell us about
the first time you ever touched a guy's wang." Julie demanded.

"No way!" She yelled taking a big slug off her third beer. "Then
french kiss Phil," Alex yelled.

I smiled and shrugged my shoulders. She came over to where I was
sitting and started to kiss me, tentatively at first. "With your
tongue!" Julie yelled. She opened her mouth and I opened mine. I
felt her tongue dart into my mouth and I shivered involuntarily at
the feel  of her young tongue as it danced in my mouth. Then she
wrapped it around my tongue as if she was giving it a blow job.

After she stopped, Julie said "Well, how was it?"

I just smiled.

I lost the next hand and took off my shirt. Julie lost and took off
her shoes. Then Colleen lost again and took off her shoes.

I was sitting across from three fifteen-year old girls who were
getting pretty drunk I wanted to fuck them so badly it was driving
me mad.

Alex, who wasn't wearing much to begin with, lost the next hand. We
were all silent, waiting to see what she'd do when she quickly
pulled her t-shirt off over her head.

Her tits were standing straight out. They were light brown with
small thick nipples. She sat, silent, proud of her body, and I
didn't blame her.

Colleen eyes had a funny look to them and when she lost the next
hand I decided to take a chance. She didn't want to take off any
more of her clothes and opted for a question.

"Colleen, are you turned on by the sight of Alex's tits?" I asked.

She looked at me and smiled. "What's my task?"

"French kiss Alex." I said. Collen's eye's widened. Alex just sat
there and had a hit of pure grain alcohol. Colleen leaned over and
started to kiss Alex. I looked at Julie. Her face was flushed, her
breath was shallow and rapid. I leaned over and kissed her. She
opened her mouth to receive my thrusting tongue.

When we all finished kissing Alex suggested we retire to Julie's
room which was really the garage apartment was available. We put
our clothes back on and went out the back door. The garage which
was unattached had a one-bedroom apartment. When we all got settled
in, we decided to forgo the card game and just play truth or dare.

I asked Julie if she was a virgin. She refused to say so Alex and
Colleen thought of a dare for her to take.

"Deep throat the wine bottle." She looked at them surprised and
said no way. They said she was breaking the rules of the game and
had to take the double dare. "Do whatever Phil says for twenty
minutes."

Julie said okay, as long as I kept my clothes on. They said fine.
But they also said they didn't want to watch so they'd leave for
twenty minutes and then come back. Alex set the alarm clock and the
two girls left with big smiles.

Julie looked beautiful, but a little nervous. She kept rearranging
her skirt trying to cover more of her legs as she changed positions
on the couch. Her eyes were bright and her face was hot with
excitement.

"Take off your blouse."

She looked scared. "No, I don't do that kind of thing." She stood
up and crossed her arms, shielding her small tits.

"Take it off."

"No. Look this was just supposed to be an innocent game. Besides
I'm a virgin and plan to keep it that way until I get married."

She started edging toward the door. I moved over so I was between
her and the door. I started moving toward her. We were inches
apart. My dick was screaming.

I softened my approach. "How about a kiss then?"

She looked like she didn't trust me but said okay. We started
kissing and as she relaxed a little and let her arms drop to her
sides, I thrust my hand under her plaid skirt and felt her pussy
thru her damp underpants.

She started to yell but I kept my mouth over hers preventing any
sound from escaping. We fell backwards onto the couch together with
my one hand rubbing her pussy as I kept kissing her. Finally I
stopped rubbing and I felt her relax again. When I stopped kissing
her she didn't scream or say anything. I kissed her gently and
started unbuttoning her blouse. She didn't fight me, but she didn't
help either. After her blouse was off I looked at her. Her skin was
so white and soft...her nipples were straining against the plain
white bra which I removed. I took off my shirt as she watched
without saying a word. When I started to remove my pants she got
scared again.

"Wait a minute. I just wanted to fool around. That's it. Okay?"

I kissed Julie softly and said "okay."

I picked her up and carried her into the bedroom and placed her on
the big brass bed. "We'll be more comfortable here. But don't
worry, I won't do anything you don't want me to."

She smiled as I went into the bathroom. I opened a second door in
the bathroom which went into a big walk-in closet. I found a bunch
of silk handkerchiefs which I brought out with me.

"What are you going to do with those?" She asked.

"Shhhh, I said as quickly wrapped one around her mouth as a gag.
Tying her arms down took seconds since she was so much smaller than
I. Before I tied her legs down I unzipped her skirt and pulled it
down over her cute little butt. Her eyes were wide as she looked at
my face as I pulled down her damp white underpants.

Her pussy was small with a few wisps of downy blond hair. The lips
were thick, and when I touched her clit a shiver ran up and down
her body.

When I stuck a finger into her vagina she thrashed, trying to break
free but the knots were too well-tied.

"You like to tease boys don't you?" I asked.

She nodded.

"You like to see how hot you can get them before you go home and
play with yourself I bet."

She nodded again.

"What do you use when you're all alone up here?" I went over to her
dresser and started opening drawers. In the back of her underwear
drawer there was a vibrator, around six inches long. I took her gag
off.

"That's not mine. I'm just keeping it for somebody." She protested.

I turned on the vibrator and felt it move in my hand. I rubbed the
vibrator all over her athletic little body, working my way slowly
down to her pussy.

"Please don't. Please stop. Come on, enough's enough. My parents
could come up here any moment." She tried reasoning with me.

"Shhh, this is what happens to teases," I told her. "Now lick the
vibrator."

"No."

I bit her nipple.

"Owww!" She immediately started licking the vibrator. There was
something kinky about watching her lick this rod which she had
rammed into her tiny cunt so many times.

After it was glistening with her saliva I took the vibrator and put
it against the tip of her asshole.

"No, come on, don't do that. That's gross. Please don't."

I slowly worked the tip into her backdoor and she squirmed wildly
trying to escape. Slowly, I pushed the humming plastic penis until
all six inches were filling her chocolate expressway.

"Oh god, stop, please." She begged.

I started licking her tiny tits, biting the little nipples just
hard enough to see her jump from the pain and excitement. I worked
my way down to her pussy and outlined the lips with my tongue. Then
I took her clit in my teeth and started to pull on it. She was
getting excited. Her pussy was getting wet and tasted like honey.

"Fuck me, fuck me. Stick your dick in my pussy. I want to feel you
fill me with cum."  I decided to follow her directions. I took off
my pants and quickly put a condom on.

"No you're too big, let me give you a blow job, please?" I ignored
her, knowing a tease when I hear one.

With one hard thrust filled her with eight inches of meat.

She yelled as her whole body tensed. Then she relaxed. After a few
moments she started to match my thrusts. Our rhythm was perfect as
I pumped with a bigger dick than I have ever known. Just as I was
about to cum I turned the vibrator on high asshole and felt her
pussy muscles contract around my dick. She was pumping with her
legs, with her stomach and with her pussy.

I felt the cum heating up in my balls. I knew I couldn't last much
longer and with a final thrust I orgasmed, pumping out what felt
like a gallon of cum.

Julie hadn't orgasmed yet. She was lying there with a vibrator
humming in her butt, thrashing and begging me to get her off. I
took off the condom and put it in front of her young face. She
licked it savagely, like an animal in heat.

I put a finger in her pussy and started to rub her clit.

"More, I need more."

I slid two fingers into her love canal. Then three, then four.

"More, more, go for it."

I couldn't believe this tiny pussy could take my whole fist but she
did. I could feel her muscles grab my hand with each thrust until
she started to scream as she came.

My dick was already hard again and I started jerking off with my
dick inches from her face. I came again, spraying her pretty little
face with my jism. She smiled and licked as much of it as she
could.

When I untied her hands and feet she climbed in my lap and gave me
a passionate kiss. I felt her hot little butt in my crotch and
started to get hard again.

Sitting there I wondered if I could plan all my business trips
around Catholic High Schools for girls.

--
