  The Horse and The Hitch-Hiker

I got out of his car, saying "Hey, man, thanks for the lift.
Have a good one, okay?"  He mumbled something as I got out which
I didn't catch and took off down the old ranch road.  I looked
around at the high plains around me, with dry brush and sage
brush around.  This doesn't look like a good place for a hitch-
hiker to stick around.  I'd better start walking.  If I can't
make it to Spokane, maybe I could get to the rest-area, five
miles ahead.  The late august sky was overcast and there was a
warm dusty breeze in the air.  "This is going to be fun."  I
muttered sarcastically under my breath, picked up my backpack and
started heading down I-90, my thumb outstretched.
It was already getting dark when I reached the rest area.
I looked at the sign which read "No camping or campfires."  I
thought to myself, "Hmmm, I wonder what the state police would
think about a hitchhiker camping here?"  I thought it would be
better not to find out.  A few hundred yards from the rest area,
on the other side of the fence, was a large clump of trees.
"Must be a river running through there.  That might be a good
place to park for the night," I thought to myself.  I climbed the
fence and trekked over to the trees, ignoring the "No Trespass-
ing" sign.  The ground around the trees was lumpy and uneven.
This would not be a great place to spread out a sleeping bag.  On
the other side of the creek, though the ground looked relatively
smooth and soft.  That's my spot.  It was quite dark by the time
I got everything laid out, so I smoked a number and went to
sleep.
 
 It was still dark when I awoke.  Much to my shock, there
was a stallion standing over me, with his penis distended.  It
was at this point I realized I was quite wet.  "Jesus," I thought
to myself, "This horse just pissed on me!"  As I went to wipe the
piss from my face and sleeping bag, I realized it was quite
sticky.  "Is horse piss sticky?" I wondered to myself.  I looked
at the horse's penis, still hanging menacingly above me, and
thought "This feels more like cum, but there's no way he and I
could have 'done it'"  As I started to get up, he moved closer to
me, pushing his cock up to my face.  I took hold of his cock, to
move it out of my way, but this seemed to encourage him even
more.  As I moved backward, he moved with me, effectively pushing
me against a tree stump, with no where to back up.  He started
pushing his huge cock against my lips.  It was at this point I
realized how large this cock really was.  It was nearly 18 inches
long, and very, very thick.  He kept up with his persistent
pumping, finally lodging his member between my lips, and pushing
his massive cock head into my mouth, back toward my throat.  He
wasn't going to stop until he got his rocks off.  I started
pumping his huge cock with my hands, in hopes of getting him off
easier.  His cock head started expanding.  This was getting
dangerous.  I started to pull his cock out of my mouth, but the
cock-head was now flared to where I couldn't get it passed my
teeth.  We were affectively "hung-up".  Just then, he started
coming again.  Great globs of cum shot from his cock, as he
emptied his balls into me, filling me and forcing me to swallow
some of his come.  The rest dribbled from lips, and onto my
chest.  His cock started to become flaccid and pulled out of my
mouth.  He was satisfied.  I could now get a good look around,
and realized there were two other stallions, their cocks distend-
ed and ready to go.  "Jesus," I thought to myself, "This is going
to be a long night."



