Archive-name: Casual/hitch.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Hitch


 I stopped to pick up the girl on the side of the road.	She was
wearing	a soft cotten dress. As	we drove on we talked about all	sorts
of things. Then	she asked me if	I wanted a blow	job in payment for the
ride! I	am no fool ,so I quickly pull off and pull down	my jeans!

 As we drive her head bobs up and down my fat cock! She	pushes two fingers
up my ass and dives down till the head of my cock is pushed
down her throat! I cum in long thick spurts! she gags on the sticky
fluid as it fills her cheaks.

  She pulls her	mouth off my cock but continues	to pump	it with	her
hand. Her breasts are big and hang heavy. Her skin is a	deep brown
from many hours	of sun bathing.	 I watch her nipples poking through
the cloth of the dress!	My dick	is still like a	rock, so I pull	into the
median strip on	the highway. She gets out and I	step out also.
she climbs onto	the hood of the	car and	spreads	her thighs. I stand
there (with out	pants on) my cock pointing towards her.	I push my
mouth onto her cunt! The fat lips part as the juices she had been
holding	back come gushing out into my mouth! I eat and suck and
lick her sweet pussy. I	slip first one finger ,then two	,then three
fingers	up into	her asshole  and pump them as I	tongue fuck her
cunt! I	bite and pull on the fat lips and smear	her juices on to
her thin line of pubic hair! She moans and twists around my fingers
shoved up her ass and my mouth on her mound!

 She shoves me back (my	fingers	make a little  -pop- as	they slip
out of her ass)	then turns around and bends over the front of the
car. I slowly push the head of my cock up into her pussy. She grunts and
trys to	get more cock in in a shorter time, but	I will not
allow that. I finally get all 7	1/2"s of cock up into her! We start
fast and she screams and pounds	on the hood of the car as she is
fucked savagely!! I pump and pump and pump into	her. Her cunt is tight and
she works my cock like a pro!

  I pull out quickly!! She gasps and almost falls off the car. But I
grab her and quickly re-insert my now slick cock up her	ass hole!
She Cums like a	banshee	as I fire my wads of hot sticky	cum up her
ass! I continue	to pump	her ass	till she is completely satisfied!

  As we	drive along she	rubs her dress on her ass to collet the
cum as it dribbles out.	She blows me again as we pull into her
drive way. She gives me	her phone number and tells me that I
owe her	a fuck and that	I have to cum up her cunt to get all her
holes filled! I	promise	and drive off...

-- 
