
                     M/F, WIFE,INTER, IMPREG -- HLPHOLS.TXT

                              HELPING THE HOMELESS
                                Author: Unknown

      My beautiful, sexy, 38D-25-36, twenty-one-year-old wife and I are devout
exhibitionists. We love to fuck anyhere, but especially in public, and
preferably in broad daylight.  We've screwed inside all-night supermarkets,
drive-in theaters, shopping center parking lots, in hallways and on balconies
of hotels, in park, and even on a school's playground.

      Anyway, the best was when we went downtown at noon time, to an alley
behind some businesses.  There were areaways between the buildings that kept
you from being seen from the street or the buildings themselves. Of course,
there was always a chance someone would either walk or drive down the alley,
making you very visible.

       My wife wore a black lace garter belt, brown stockings with back seams,
black spiked heels, black lace bra, and a dark green mini wrap dress, which
tied in the front. We walked to the middle of the alley and chose a spot. My
wife wasted no time in removing her dress, bra, and panties. We kissed long and
hard before I turned my attention to her hard, erect nipples on her ample
breasts.  I sucked them like I was starved for milk. I dropped to my knees and
she hiked her one shapely leg up onto my shoulder as I ate her pussy while she
was standing. She humped my face and moaned, "Eat me, eat me." Then she turned
around and bent at the waist, with her legs spread apart so I could fuck her
love hole doggie style.

      It was at this time that we both noticed a Black, homeless man, lying
across from us in another areaway passed out with an empty bottle of cheap wine
laying nearby.  My wife grabbed for her dress, but I stopped her. I told her it
will be exciting knowing he is there and could wake up any minute. She agreed
and resumed the position. I entered her gash from the rear and fucked her with
long, pounding strokes with my 8" cock.  She moved back and forth, meeting my
thrusts with one of her own. My heavy balls were banging loudly against the
back of her nylon covered thighs. Before long I was pumping large globs of
sperm into her welcoming hole. We wanted a baby, so neither of us ever used any
kind of birth control, even though I always carried a couple of rubbers with
me, but they were used only when I fucked her up her ass. As I withdrew from
her twat, cum dripped from her gash onto the concrete of the alley.

      My wife glanced over at the homeless wino and said, "Oh my God!" As I
looked over, I saw him stroking the biggest dick I had ever seen on a man. It
was at least twelve inches long and about twice the thickness of an average
cock. My wife walked over to him, still wearing only a garter belt, nylons, and
heels. Her mouth was open wide from the amazement at its size. She looked at me
and demanded, "I've gotta have it!"

      I said, "Are you crazy? He smells to high heaven, and Lord knows what
diseases he has." She said she didn't care, she had to have that monster cock
inside of her. I told her to at least put a rubber on him, no make that two
rubbers. She took the condoms from me and one by one she pulled them over the
head of his cock. I guess because of the thickness of his organ, the rubbers
didn't even cover half of his dick. He was on his back, with his massive cock
sticking straight up. My wife straddled his cock and pushed down, forcing the
head of his dick to enter her. She told me she needed my help and told me to
stand in front of her and hold her hands to give her balance as she worked her
pussy down the length of his cock. She went down on it very slowly, obviously
painful to her as her cunt-lips were being stretched like never before.

      She rocked and pumped a little, to help it slide into her. In my total
disbelief, she actually got every inch of that Black telephone pole inside of
her. She looked at me and smiled, saying it felt really good inside of her. She
said it felt like it went up to her throat. As she slowly withdrew, his Black
cock glistening in the daytime sunlight, was throbbing.  Its veins looked like
they were going to burst. Soon she was accommodating his massive organ like it
was the little pinky on our hand.  She bounced up and down the entire length of
his cock, not missing a stroke. The look on her face was absolute ecstasy and
satisfaction. The look on his face was total victory, as my young white wife
pleasured him. Not believing my eyes and almost in shock, I saw her push off
his huge dick, and with one pull of her right hand, she removed both rubbers
covering his massive, sperm Fillcd cock. She wasted no time in mounting him
again, sliding down the entire length of his 12" cock, bouncing up and down
even faster now. After a few minutes, her whole body shook with a violent
orgasm. She looked like she was being electrocuted as she vibrated wildly with
his cock deep inside of her cunt. Then she went limp, with his cock still in
her.  I thought she had passed out. The only thing holding her up, was his long
stiff cock embedded deeply inside of her.

      She was weak from the fuck she gave the Black man, but she stayed on his
cock until he had Finished pumping his semen into her. Since her cunt was
stretched with his dick, he had to be shooting his sperm directly into her
tubes. As he Filled her with his seeds, he looked at me and smiled an almost
toothless grin, a victorious grin, a triumphant grin. My stomach felt tight,
sickening inside. My wife finally dismounted off his Black meat, walked over to
me and told me to give her twenty dollars. I opened my wallet to get a twenty
and she spotted a fifty. She took that instead, giving it to the Black man and
thanking him for the best day of her life. We went home, without showering, I
ate her pussy and fucked her all night long. Her pussy was still gapping open
from her fuck earlier in the day.

      The next day, I came home to an empty house.  At 7 p.m., my wife walked
in wearing a black micro-miniskirt, small red tube top barely covering her big
tits, black spiked heels, brown thigh high stockings with back seams, and no
underpants or bra.

      As she removed what little clothing she had on, I could tell where she
had been all day, as her pussy was stretched wide open and swollen. I asked how
many times she fucked him and she replied, "Seven." Again I ate her and fucked
her all night long.

      She's visited that homeless Black man every day for the last two and a
half months, taking him money, wine, food, and of course, her wide open pussy
to fuck raw for me every night.

      She's also two months pregnant and I can imagine who the daddy is. She
told me she would continue to fuck him, regardless of the baby's color, even
after the baby is born, and even if it means more Black babies. I don't mind,
because he warms up her gash for me every night.  By the way, on cold nights,
she has put him up in motels to keep warm. Naturally, she spends those nights
with him, pumping every ounce of cum she can from his overworked balls, he may
be homeless, but his cock has sure found a home.

