Archive-name: Changes/hnymoon6.txt
Archive-author: Katherine Alicia Harrison
Archive-title: Honeymoon, The - Part 6


In our last episodes, Kenny, now Lisa, has begun to live life as
a sexy young lady. Lisa's body has been transformed into that of
a beautiful young woman, with large perfectly formed breasts and
a most feminine body. Her upcoming marriage to John Waterman is
almost upon her and she was almost able to retain her virginity
until the wedding night. In our last episode she succumbed to the 
lust of the moment and in the back of the limo they were taking
from an awards banquet, John and Lisa made wild and passionate
love. We left our couple returning to John's penthouse apartment.
And now the continuation of The Honeymoon.
************************************************************
Lisa and John continued their passionate embrace all the way up the
elevator to John's penthouse. The elevator opened right into his
living room, a beautiful design showplace in stark white. Not
willing to wait to make it into the bedroom, Lisa and John shed
their clothes and continued to make love on the fur throw in front
of John's fireplace and on the other furniture in the living room.
Lisa found the most satisfying sex was when John sat on the
sculpted chair that kept him upright, she sat down on his lap, with
her back to him, taking him all the way inside of her. John could
play with her nipples and kiss and suck on her ear lobes, neck and
shoulders and whisper how much he loved being inside of her. Lisa
could ride John and bear down on the steely rod berried in her
tight ass, bringing the both of them to massive orgasms. After
hours of wild and passionate love-making, Lisa and John finally
made it into John's bedroom and collapsed in each others arms for
the night.
When Lisa awoke in the morning, she was very sore and had a hard
time walking. It was a nice sore though, and she still felt the
warm glow of the night before and the feeling of John inside of
her. She got up and put on her panties, John was still asleep, she
kissed him on the forehead and went into his closet to find
something that she could wear as a coverup. She found a black mesh
football jersey that was very large and would fit her like a dress.
She put it on and noticed how her titties pushed out the fabric and
how her nipples protruded through the mesh. Never had she thought
anything so femininely sexy could be in a football uniform. 
She went into the kitchen and made some coffee for the both of
them.
She decided to fix John breakfast in bed and got some fruit, whole
wheat toast, Juice and Coffee together on a tray and brought it
into John. John was just waking up when Lisa entered the room. They
kissed good morning and John was most pleased with Lisa's efforts,
"I only want to make you a good wife", she said as she laid down
beside him on the bed. John sipped his coffee and played with
Lisa's nipples, protruding through the jersey, Lisa moaning in
delight. John put the tray on the floor and positioned himself on
top of Lisa. He lifted the jersey and started sucking fervently on
her ample breasts. Lisa was cooing with delight. John pulled Lisa's
panties off, lubricated his cock and her bottom, lifted her right
leg over his shoulder and entered her warm tight derriere. Lisa
felt a slight pain at first and then it subsided. John pushed into
Lisa, over and over again and continued to suck her rigid nipples
until they both came again and fell into each others arms.
Lisa thought to herself that she would have to take some more
aerobics classes to be able to both keep up with John's libido and
to be able to bend into the most satisfactory positions to please
the both of them. 
Lisa was able to get herself together and clean herself up. John
had a set of sweats that were too small for him and gave them to
Lisa to wear. Lisa fixed her makeup the best she could and John
took her back to Nicole's apartment. She had a fitting for both
herself and the rest of the bridal party that afternoon and was
going to meet Nicole for lunch at an exclusive French restaurant
for lunch, she said she had something important to talk to her
about. She went upstairs and took a shower. She wrapped herself in
a towel and wrapped up her wet hair as well. 
Today would be a fun day for her and she went for a cheery fun
look. She was going wear her floral print sun dress with the cute
matching short jacket and a full skirt. Nicole had got it for her
at Laura Ashley and it was so feminine. She went for softer tones
in her makeup selection, mostly warm colors. She softened all of
her makeup to get the new matte look. Satisfied with her makeup,
she took the towel of her head and a little extra effort with the
curling iron and the blow dryer and she achieved the style she was
looking for, very demeure, quite French, perfect for the pretty
picture book hat she was going to wear. She wore a white french
lace demi cup bra that had cross straps in the back to accommodate
her dress, matching bikini panties with satin ribbon ties at the
hip and a matching lace garter belt. She selected a pair of white
lace stockings and attached them to the garters, she turned to look
at herself in the mirror and thought how much fun it would be to
model intimate apparel, it turned her on so. 
She put on the sun dress and loved the pretty look it gave her, it
had a drop waist and a fitted bodice with wide straps that crossed
in the back and buttoned to large pink buttons. She zipped up the
dress and noticed it was  a little snug, she needed to loose a
couple of more pounds to be able to be a perfect size 5. She put
on the cute little jacket and stepped into her 4" white lace
covered pumps, similar to the ones that she was going to wear with
her wedding gown. She sat down at her dressing stand. She was going
to wear her pearls today. A short pearl necklace and pearl
earrings. The pearls looked wonderful with the sweetheart neckline
of the dress. She stood up and put on the pretty hat she had
purchased. It was a wide brimmed straw hat in white with pink
ribbons that trailed down the back, a generous spray of Cacherel
and she looked like a scene from a Victorian storybook. She was
just about to go and noticed something missing. She thought of just
the trick. She went into Nicoles dresser and found a pair of
beautiful white lace gloves to wear. They were sheer and most
feminine. She put them on and tied the pretty pink ribbons into
bows at her dainty wrists. Satisfied that she looked the part of
the ingenue, she took her white clutch and put the foundation
garments and everything else she needed into a shopping bag and
headed downstairs. She just about got downstairs when she heard the
doorbell ring. She opened the door and almost fainted. 
Standing in the doorway was her little Sister and her Mother. Her
Sister had to catch her as she seemed to loose her balance on her
high heals. Her Mother wasn't doing too well either .They sat down
on the couch in the living room and caught their breath. Her mother
started crying and talking incoherently. Her sister, Lori, tried
to calm her down. Lisa didn't feel much like Lisa at that moment,
she felt like Kenny in a dress. Except Kenny had large breasts and
just about the rest of the female anatomy. Lori turned to Lisa and
said, "I got a strange call about a week ago from a woman who said
she was a friend of yours named Nicole. She explained to me in
detail why we haven't heard from you in over a month and what was
happening to you. To say the least I was in shock. It took me five
days to tell Mommy.  She insisted that she see you, mostly in
disbelief. Why have you done this? To yourself, To US?" Lisa didn't
know what to say. She had planned on calling Lori and tell her that
"HE" was going away for a while until "SHE" worked up the courage
to face them both. Lisa swallowed hard and told the story of how
Nicole had helped her fulfill her fantasy and her commitment to be
married and her eventual falling in love with John. Lisa's Mother
always knew that Kenny wanted to be a girl more than he wanted to
be a boy and Lori always suspected that her big brother was not the
"brotherly type" but always acted more like a big sister to her. 
They all sat for a while crying in each others arms. Finally Lisa's
mother said, "Dear, you never had the things you wanted as a child.
I knew that and felt for all of those years, I needed to find a way
to make it up to you. Now I know. I have not one but two beautiful
daughters, I love them both and want them to be forever happy."
Lisa couldn't believe what she was hearing. Her mother was
accepting her as a woman! This was wonderful. Lisa looked at Lori
and she said, "I always wanted a big sister, now I have the best!" 
Lisa was so full of joy , she hugged and kissed her mother and her
sister over and over again. "Lisa dear," her mother said,
"Apparently you were going out, we didn't want to hold you up."
Lisa said that she was having lunch with Nicole and that she wanted
them to join her, she would be so happy. She also said that after
she was going for a fitting for the bridal party and wanted her
mother to be there to give her approval. Lisa then turned to Lori
and said, "Lori, it was my one wish that you both could be with me
on my wedding day. Would you be in the bridal party?" Lori started
crying again and they hugged each other in joy. "This was
wonderful," Lisa thought to herself. Her mother said, "Lets all go
fix ourselves up, we don't want to be late for lunch." Lisa brought
her mother up to Nicoles room to freshen up, while Lori joined her
in her room. "Lisa this is what I missed most of all, being with
my sister at time like now." Lisa kissed Lori on the cheek and
said, "Honey, you'll never have to worry about that again."
They fixed their make up and errant hairs. Lori was amazed by
Lisa's development. "My God, you have bigger tits than I do!" She
said with amazement, laughing at the same time. Lisa blushed with
embarrassment. The neckline of her dress showed quite a bit of
decoletage and the bra she was wearing put everything in its most
prominent position. Satisfied that they had taken care of
everything they headed out for the restaurant. They ended up at La
Cote Basque, one of the finest restaurants in the city. There
Nicole met Lisa's mother and sister. Lisa was still nervous and
was very aware that she was out for the day with her family, for
the first time as a woman. She was glad the Nicole and her mother
hit it off so well. They talked all through lunch and seemed to
have a wonderful time. Lisa was beaming with joy and loved every
minute of it. They finished up lunch and headed over to the bridal
salon.
They met Jo Anne and Brittany at the store. Lisa's mother could not
believe that these two gorgeous girls were once boys. Jo Anne was
wearing a beautiful lace blouse with a green suede straight skirt
and matching suede pumps. Brittany was wearing a purple knit
sleeveless mini dress, dark pantyhose and 5" purple pumps. Her hair
was getting longer and was almost down to her bottom.  Stacey and
Ellen, the attendants at the salon hurried the girls into the
fitting room to try on their gowns. This was the final fitting and
everything had to be perfect. Lisa asked Janet, the boutique owner
if she could fit her sister as well as the other girls. Janet said
that they had ordered an additional dress and she thought it might
be her sisters size. The bridesmaids gowns were a beautiful teal
blue satin and lace ensemble. They were worn with a beautiful open
neckline, off-the-shoulder and with large, puffy short sleeves. The
bodice was a drop waist type with billowing tiered skirts that were
worn in a tea length, perfect for an afternoon wedding.
Lisa's dress was a thing of beauty. The illusion neckline was
sequined and gave her a most feminine form. The foundation garment
that she wore fit much easier this time in particular in the bodice
where her new larger breasts amply filled out the garment and gave
her a most sensual look for a blushing bride. The headpiece was a
satin "cap" type and was fitted with a beautiful vail and fluff of
organza that was worn at the back. Her mother cried when she saw
her and her sister all made up for Lisa's wedding day. Lisa thought
to herself, "I couldn't be any happier."

(To be continued)

--
